FICTION. Va-oiw BaKllih» AiiicrlcRut"ainri Other Periodic*!«. FAITHFUL TO THE END. CHAPTEE VI. a rival's tiseachery. Verlie looked up into Uldeue's eyes, that glowed like burning coals behind her mask, with a slightly puzzled expression. " Of course, it shall be as you say," she replied j " but it is so near midnight it will be scarcely be worth while." " Why, how white you are, Uldene !" she cried, ?when they found them selves alone, and her sister had thrown ofE her mask. " Why, you look as though you had seen a ghost." Uldene made no reply. They both stood dressed at last. Verlie was jnit about moving toward the door, when Uldene 6Uddenly caught her hand. "There is something wanting in your appear- ance," she said. *' You lack colour. You must wear this red rose in your corsage." " No, no," laughed Vorlie. " I will not wear it. I detest bood-roses ; pure white ones are best suited for me. I will wear that other one you brought up in your hand-the white one." " Will you wear the red one to please me ?" whispered Uldene, hoarsely. " Remember, it will please me more than I can tell you. Oh, Verlie, you must, you must wear it."' " Seeing you have set your heart upon it, I sup- pose I shall have to," pouted Verlie. With trembling hands, Uldene fastened the the blood-red rose in her sister's bodice ; but even as she did so, the drooping petals seemed almost to scorch the white, guilty hands. Together Verlie aud Uldene descended to the ball-room. The great clock in the hallway chimed the mid- night hour as they passed down the grand stair- way ; a silver bell rang shrilly, and the band struck a lively air. That was the signal for general unmasking. The hour that had passed since Rut- ledge Chester had left the conservatory and the lovely, drooping figure seated by the fountain was indeed a long one to him. He had mingled with the gorgeous, grotesque throng, but he hardly saw the people around him' The strains of self-enlivening music fell upon deaf ears. He looked eagerly around at length, but he saw no rigns of the fairy bride. Was Verlie still by the fountain taking no heed of time ? he asked himself. He lieaid the clock chime, the silver bell tap, a,nd the music strike up. There was rippling laughter and amusing exclamations. The moment for unmasking had come. But where was Verlie ? One moment of suspense ; then he saw Uldene, and behind her ho caught the gleam of a white satin dress and floating veil. His face flushed with delight j his pulse thrilled ; his heart beat. With hurried steps he crossed over to whore she stood. Another instaut, and, mask in hand, he stood before her. Verlie raised her eyes, a little cry escaped her lips, and a burning flush swept over her lovely face, as she recognised in the unmasked plumed knight who had followed her about so persistently -Rutledge Chester. In that first fatal glauca Rutledge had seen the fatal red rose in her bodice- the rose which was to be the silent signal fur his dismissal. His faec grew white as death. His strong hands trembled. Ah ! he had been sure that deep down in her coy little heart Verlie had cared for him ! But it had been a delusion-the maddest kind of a fancy-he told himself. * It was a moment of intense suspense to the trembling, guilty girl who watched them, scarcely breathing in horrible fear lest her treachery1 would be exposed then and there. But no ! Fate, cruel fate, aided her. Rutledge Chester oifered one arm to her, the other to Verlie ; but she caught the startling words as lie bent over that golden head : ' "Alas! lam answered." To Verlie the words seemed meaningless enough. She never gave them a second thought. She looked up into his white, haggard faco with a blush i and a smile, remarking sweetly that this had been one of the happiest evenings of her life. Rutledge Chester turned and looked at her eharply. " Great heavens ! had she no heart ?" he asked himself in bitter wonder. There was no veiled j earcasm in her voice. It sounded sweet and ^ girlishly innocent. There was but one construction to put upon her words. His unhappiness had not troubled her. AU Rutledge Chester's manly spirit rose to his aid at once. He bowed his dark, haddsomc head stiffly. His set, white face did not reveal the keen pain at his heart. The ball was a farce after that. He was heartily, glad when it was all over. The ride home was not as pleasant as it might lave been. Rutledge Chester haa taken a seat be- side Uldene. He was courteous and polite to , Verlie-nothing more. "What Btrange change is this which has come over Mr. Chester?" poor innocent Verlie vaguely .wondered. Could it be that I have been so un- fortunate as to offend him any nay ? I cannot call io mind the slightest occasion for it." T-hey parted in the conidor, Mr. Chester going to tbe library, the young ladies going up to the boudoir they occupied jointly. *. What do you think is the matter with Mr, Chester? He seemed so cold and strange coming home," said Veilie, thoughtfully, as she proceeded to throw off her i'urlined wraps. J " Don't talk to me to-night," cried Uldene. "I am tired, and I-I want to rest." Verlie gazed at her in amazement. Was it only her fancy, or did gay, brilliant Uldene seem out of sorts, too ? She had quite expected Uldene's busy tongue would clatter until broad daylight about the wonderful mask ball. J.ong after Verlie's golden head sank on the ' pillow, and her quiet breathing denoted that she i slept, Uldene stood motionless before the satin I draped window, staring out upon the snow-shrouded , earth, and out into the inky blackness of the night. " I do not see my way out of it/' she muttered pantingly. " Sooner or later I shall be found out. I am too dazed and bewildered to think." The sun was shining brightly into the room the next morning when Verlie opened her blue eyes. Uldone was already up. For the first time since they had been guests at Senator Chester's home they missed meeting the son at the breakfast table nor was he at luncheon. All that day Ruthleago Chester paced the library lost in bitter thought. To meet Verlie aftor thiB, live under the same roof with her, meet her daily would be an imposibility for him, he told himself. It would be better t« go away, it mattered little where. ¡Suddenly, like a flash, a wonderful idea occurred to him. Pshaw ! how foolish he had been ! Ho ?emembered now that he had heard that young girls liked to be coaxed, and that a persistent wooer often changes their " No" to " Yes"-the demure, coy darlings ! " How stupid I have been !" cried Rutledge Chester, his handsome, gloomy face brightening up, a pleased smile curving his mustached lips., " I should have been mad to have gone away with- out another effort to win sweet little Verlie." Sitting down before his writing desk, he hurriedly penned these few words : Dkab Little VebLib-Miss Sefton: I cannot tench my heart that you meant to wilfully and deliberately discard me. Consent to be my bride or by this time to-morrow afternoon I shall be speeding away as fast as steam can take me to Europe. It is impossible to remain near you and be nothing to you. Lot my deep love plead for mo, little Verlie. If you send me away it will bo send- ing me into the dark, deep abyss of the bitterest despair. Grant me but one moment in the con- servatory at eight to-night. I must seo you, Verlie. Yours devotedly, forever, Rutledge Chester." Ringing for a servant, he hastily dispatched the missive to Verlie's room, Both girls were together when the maid tapped at the door, and handed Verlie the noto. Uldene sprang to her feet, white with terror. A note for Verlie ! What if it should be from Rut- ledge Chester ! An instant later Verlie confirmed her horrible suspicion. " Oh, Uldene, it is from Mr. Chester !" she cried, in dismay, her face turned from red to white as she glnnced over it, " and-oh, Uldene, to look at it and see what ho says ! Am I mad or do I dream, Uldene ? Look at this and tell me is Mr. Chester -askingme to-toinarry him ? How odd and brus- que the note is." The whiteness of death overspread Uldene's dark brilliant face, and a horrible darkness enfolded her. The sword had fallen-her doom had over- taken her. Like a flash she tore it from Verlie's hands ; the words seemed stamped in fire upon the white page, and every line to burn deep down into her heart as she read. " Will you go down to the conservatory as he wishes ? Answer me-will you go ?" " Yes," said Verlie, thoughtfully, but in evident embariassment. " Do you love bim ? Do you wish to marry him ?" panted Uldene. " I-I should not mind, sister," replied Verlie, faintly, "if-papa and mamma- will consent. Of course, hoi must ask them;" and the sweet blue eyes drooped shyly under her sister's steady g<tze. " Let us come out on the street} we will talk it over there. I must get air ¡ the heat ef this hou3e is stifling." Only too pleased to humor any caprice of her beautiful wilful sister, Verlie threw on her wraps at once and accompanied Uldene out on the crowded thoroughfare. Taking a car, they rode to the end of the route ; then they left it, walking together along one of the isolated paths that led out of the city limits : turn- ing an abrupt curve in the path and passing through an open gate, they found themselves in a church- yard. The church itself had long since fallen into dis- use. Its walls had crumbled and fallen in, and where the snow lay thibk now ivy grew in the summer time, and birds came there to build there nests in the branches of the willows that drooped over old-time graveB. "Let us turn back, Uldene," suid Verlie, in fright. " I have such a terror of grave-yardb and monuments ! It is almost dusk." " I am tired," replied Uldene. " Let us sit down and rest a moment. You need not be afraid but what you will bo back before eight," she added with a bitter sneer. Verlie looked at her with startled eyes. " Uldene," she said, perplexedly, " I cannot un- derstand whether you are pleased that Mr. Chester has asked me to be his bride or not. Tell me-are you, dear ?" " Why should I care if your baby face and baby ways have won Senator Chester's heir or not ?" All the pride and fire of her nature seemed to flash in her face. Her eyes rained scorn 5 her lips curled in direst contempt. "Uldene, do you care for Rutledge Chester?" Verlie's sweet young voice rang out, piteously. " Oh, my sister ! has fate been so cruel to us that we were both destined to love the same man ?" I In her great excitement Verlie had sprung to her feet and had taken a step backward. Oh ! fatal step ! Her foot had caught in the tangled brambles that had grown over a fallen tombstone, and she was precipitated headlong upon the cold marble. The sudden wrench had spratned Verlie's ankle. In an instant Uldene was kneeling beside her. One glance at tho face upturned to the gathering dusk, and she saw that Verlie had fainted. Her first impulse was to cry aloud for help ; but on second thought, she knew it would be useless. Her voice could never penetrate beyond the walls of that lonely, isolated grave-yard. No help or assistance could reach Verlie in that silent " city of dead" unless she herself summoned it. Suddenly a dark, horrible thought, came to Uldene-a thought so wicked that she shrank from it at first in horror too great for words. A moment she pondered on the terrible idea and that was the darkest moment of Uldene life a moment in which a temptation, the cruellest that could ever drift across mortal brain, came to her. Verlie, the golden-haired girl whom Rutledge Chester loved, lay wounded, crippled, helpless, and unconcious at her feet. Should she summon help and save her, or turn and walk swiftly away, leav- ing, her helpless rival alone and to her fate ? She raised her white face to the starlit sky and to the fair moon rising behind the dark, waving trees. Never did good and evil fight for a human heart as they struggled then and there for the heart of beautiful, guilty Uldene, If she Baved her, it would Ve giving her to love and happiness with Rutledge Chester, she cried out to the night winds ; and all the fire, the passion, and recklessness in her nature rose up bitterly against that. " Oh, if she wore only to dio !" she cried out, hoarsely. All she would havo to do would to bo turn and hurry away, and her sinful wish would be realized. "Save her!" commanded God and the watching angels in the blue sky. " Leave her to her fate !" cried the temptor. One awful moment more-then, Heaven forgive I her ! Uldene turned an fled, without daring to look back, left her resolution should forsake her, at that beautiful, pallid, upturned face. Yes, she fled' leaving Verlie to her piteous fate. Over the white-crusted snow Uldone sped with winged feet, never stopping until she had gained her own boudoir. And she drew the curtains, shutting out the blackness of the night outside, she saw the Bnow had commenced to fall. With a startled cry she shrank back. See knew it was fall- ing on those polished marble shafts, on the dark trees, and on the white, upturned face lying among the old graves in the church-yard. All through the long horrible nhrht she paced the floor of her boudoir. How could she sleep with the picture of that upturned face in the graveyard, upon which the Bnow was falling, burning into her brain ? She must shut it out from her mind or she would go mad-yes, mad. How the winds shrieked and moaned as the snow desconded. Oh, that long horrible night ! Would daylight never dawn P And when the gray morning broke, would Verlie be found with the snow wrapped around her like a shroud ? At length weak and exhausted, she sank to sleep -for even the guilty can sleep, yes oven through the apalling dreams that confiont them. It was morning when Bho opened her eyes. A voice awoke her, and she sprang from her couch and listened with dilated eyes. "Bless me," the old Senator was saying in the corridor outside, " this is the worst snow storm I have seen for years. In some places the drifts are quite three feet deep, and the snow still falling." Uldene crept to the window and looked out. The snow seemed to bury the whole world in horrible, ghastly whiteness, and she knew it must have long since covered that white upturned face lying among the graves. CHAPTER VII. A FATAL MIBTAKB. The long, terrible might wore away at last-night with its dark shadows and wailing winds. Uldene crept to the window again, and looked shudderingly out, her heart beating with horrible fear. Yes, the snow was deep on the pavement and in the road. It had drifted high against the steps of the houses that lined the avenue, and she knew it must have drifted in a great white heap over the upturned face and the rigid form lying among the tombstones in the old grave-yard. As Uldene pasBed the mirror, she was startled at the white face that looked out into her own. What should she do to drive away the startled fear, the vague dread, the deadly pallor ? Oh, if the wind outside would but stop moaning -if the skeleton branches of the snow-laden trees would ceahe rustling ! Every rustling sound seemed to bear this message from the lonely grave- yard over the hills-"You lured me away from home-to die." Would these horrible words never cease ringing in her ears ? " Let me forget that white, upturned face or I shall go mad !" she cried out to herself. There was no moro time for thought. The breakfast bell sounded for the last time. Turning from the mirror, she walked with unsteady steps down to the breakfast room. The senator had already breakfasted and gone, Mrs. Chester and her son still lingered over their coffee. Both looked up as the door opened. "Good morning, my dear," said Mrs. Chester, smiling. " I really believed you and your sister intended te sleep all day." A terrible whiteness overspread Uldene's guilty face. " Has Verlie not been to breakfast ?" she asked, in feigned surprise. " She is not in our room. I I have not seen her since last night. I retired first, and dropped into a dreamless slumber the moment my head touched the pillow. I must confess that I feared, when I awoke, that Verlie must have fallen asleep in an arm-chair and remained there all night, for her pillow was undisturbed." . Both mother and son looked up anxiously. " I shall have to scold your sister a little, for such irregular habits," she said touching a Bmall silver hand-bell at her elbow. In response to the summons, a pretty young maid came to the door of the broakfast-room. " You will go to Miss Verlie's room and tell her we are awaiting her at the breakfast-table," said Mrs. Chester. " If you do not find her there, go to the drawing-room, through the conservatory ; in fact, through the house, until you do find her." * Nanon flew hurriedly away on her mission, but soon returned with the intelligence : " Miss Verlie was not to be found in the house. I took the precaution to look into the wardrobe," con- tinued Nanon, "and then I discovered her hat and cloak were missing. She must have gone out on the street." " That is strange ! Out on the street such a morning as this ?" remarked Mrs. Chester. Uldene trade no comment; she could not have wttored a word if her life had depended on it. She had with her a companion she was never to lose again-a haunting fear-a guilty terror that would never more leave her. Uldene ha^ not taken her usual place at the breakfast-tabie ; she took a seat at the table with her face turned from the sunshine -she could not endure the light of the white snow outside. At every unusual stir-every peal of the bell every quick footstep-her heart seemed to die with- in her. She would fancy it was Verlie coming in to confront her, crying out how fair, false treacher- ous Uldene had left her alone to die. And if Verlie should thus come, Mrs. Chester would turn from her (Uldeno) in horror too great for words, and Rutledge -ah, tho deep blazing scorn and bitter anger in his eyes-the eyes of the man for whose sake she had sinned so fatally-would strike her dead. He would despise her, and when that moment came she would die, she told herself. When noon arrived, and Verlie had not yet re- turned, Mrs. Chester commenced to grow anxious about her whereabouts, and when the afternoon deepened into duBk of tho early winter afternoon her anxiety grew into terror. The senator had gone out of town early that morning, and Rutledge had I unched at the club parlors, and it would be rather uncertain, ho to Id hiB mother, whether he would be home in time to dine with the family or not. Mrs. Chester could stand the suspense no longe^ and sent a messenger for her son at once. " I want to see you in reference to Verlie," so ran his mother's brief note. " Come without delay." The young man's handsome, grave face flushed and paled as he thrust the delicate, pink-tinted affair into his breast pocket. " Of course thcro could be but one meaning to it," he told himself, as he seated himself in his sleigh, tucked the buffalo robe around him, picked up the lines and gave the mettlesome gray horse a slight cut with his whip that sent him fairly spinning down the snow-crusted road home- ward. Of course Verlio had recalled him. She had re- pented not having kept the appointment in the conservatory, and had confessed the story of her son's love to his mother, and that tender-hearted little woman had taken it upon herself to become modiator between them, recalling her son without delay ; for he had announced at the breakfast table that morning his intention of going abroad for a few months, declaring he should start immediately. It was with a very light heart he drew rein be- fore his home. He glanced up at the windows ; no dimpled, bashful, girlish face, framed in golden hair, peeped coyly down at him from the lace draped windows. Flinging the reins to the groom, he sprang up the marble steps three steps at a time. A servant answered the imperative summons. As he stepped into the marble corridor the drawing room door opened and he saw his mother, white as a ghost and deeply agitated, standing on the threshold, " Come in here, my son." she exclaimed, drawing him into the room ; and while he was removing his gloves she had told him of Verlie's protracted absence, and of the grave fears she entertained of her being lost. Boston was not the best city in the world for a stranger to find their way in. Rutledge Chester's face grew whiter and whiter as ho listened. Like a flash a solution of Verlie's mysterious absence came to him. He spiang from his chair and began pacing «p and down the floor with such rapid strides, his face working convulsively, that his mother grow alarmed. "Rutledge, my son !" she cried out, in dismay. But he holdup his hand with a gesture of silence. " Hush, mother !" he cried bitterly. " I cannot bear it." , " Verlie is not lost," he went on huskily. " When she left this house this morning, she left it for good, when the intention of never entering these doors again." " Rutledge !" exclaimed hiB mother, in wonder and dismay. What can you mean by such a re- mark ?" " Hear me out, mother," ho went on, huskily, as he threw himself down in a chair and covered his face with his hands, " and the cause will explain itself as I proceed." In a straightforward manly way he told her of his love for beautiful, little, golden-haired Verlio, and how the knowledge had first come to Mm, when he saved her from death that memorable day in the park. He told her, too, how he had detected Verlie's costume on the night of the maBk ball, and in the course of the evening, in the dim conservatory, Jiad laid his heart and hand at her feet, begging her, if she favored his suit, to wear a white rose in her bodice after unmasking, and if it was her wish to reject and dismiss him, a red roso so worn would be the signal of it. Verlie wore the red at the appointed hour," he said huskily, " and I knew then my suit was in vain. She did not love me. " I could not rest without making another attempt to win her," he went on desperately. " So I wrote her a note yesterday afternoon, begging her to meet me in the conservatory at eight that evening to give me one more chance to plead my cause. I was there promptly at eight.' She was not there. I waited an hour. Still she came not. She wished me to understand by her silence that her answer was final. Don't you see how it is, mother ? Rather than pain me by another refusal, she has gone quietly away. She knew quite well I could tell you why." Mrs. Chester's distress as she listened knew no bounds. This revelation gave her such unbounded surprise. For once she was completely startled out of her lady-like calm. Forget her, Rutledge, my dear son," she cried throwing her arms around his neck and drawing his handsome manly face down to her own. " For- get her, my boy. This lowly-born girl was no mate for the heir of the Chesters at best. She would never have been suited to you anyhow. It is all for the best." He started back, as though those white, jewelled wrinkled hands had struck him a sudden blow. " Do not speak hard of her mother," he oried, huskily. " Remember, I love her better than life itself, anda cutting word spoken of her strikes through my heart like the thrust of a dagger. She is fitted to wed a king on his throne. If she could not love mo, it was not her fault, poor child !" "No," admitted his mother, drawing a hard breath. Yet she was puzzled to know how any young girl in her senses could help loving her tall, handsome, haughty, manly son. " I have an idea that she has gone directly home," he went on; "but to make assurance doubly sure, I shall make enquiries at once." Oh, fatal mistake, that waB the turning point of three lives. At the wharf he was told a young girl had boarded the outgoing steamer that morning, with a ticket direct for PenBacola, Florida. " Of course it was Verlie," he thought, turning away. " I knew she must have gone straight home." CHAPTER VIII. A DUEL AND AN ABDUCTION. Uldene feigned the greatest astonishment when Mrs. Chester broke this startling news to her, ac. counting for her sister's sudden disappearance, and that Rutledge had traced her to the wharf where Bhe had taken passage on an outgoing steamer for home. " I am not surprised that this is a great revela, tion to you." Mrs. Chester went on, looking pity- ingly into the girl's death-white face. " It will no doubt be quite as much of a surprise for your father and mother. Rutledge is in the library now, writing them a full explanation of the affair. It will prob- ably reach there on the same day Verlie arrives home." Uldene could have cried out in terror as she heard those words j and the thought flashed upon her that she must prevent that letter from reaching its destination at any cost. No one yet ever took the first fatal step in deception and sin without being dragged still further down the slippery, steep path, and perhaps at last plunged headlong into tho dart abyss yawning to receive her. It was so with Uldono. She had taken the first step in a horrible deception, and she told herself it waB too late to turn back now. " I should Uko to add a short postscript to Rutlodge's letter," she said, in a voice that sounded like nothing human, " and if he does not mind, I -I will mail it." " Certainly," assented Mrs. Chester. " Do so by all means. It will greatly allay your father's anxiety if you also enclose a few lines." A few moments later a servant appeared with Rutedge's letter, enveloped and directed, but un- sealed. Early the next morning Uldene loft the house for the ostensible purpose of mailing the letter. When quiet out of sight of the Chester mansion she turned in an opposite direction from the post-office, hurrying quickly along through the crowdod thoroughfare until Bhe found herself on the wharf. She glanced furtively about her. No one was observing her ; and drawing the letter from her pocket, she toro it into minute pieces, telling her- self that, in case of war, a general would open and destroy dispatches of the enemy if he could. It was the only course left to her in this case. With a quick movement Uldene threw the frag- ments of the letter into the river. To her horror they would not sink. The waves drifted the white flakes together toward the sea. and out of her sight She was in a paroxysm of terror. What if they were to sail on and on, swept on by the hand of an avenging fate, until they reach the solitary island ? What if the waves dash them high on the sands of Black-Tor Light-House, and they should fall into the hands of Mark Sefton ? " The waves will not betray me," she cried, under her breath. " They have had other fatal secrets to keep." Turning away with a shudder, she quickly re- traced her steps homewards. " I have separated Verlie and Rutledge Chester," that was the thought that deadened her conscience, " and in the time to come his heart will turn to me. It must. Love will win love. I should have gone mad or died if Verlie had won him." Two days later, looking over the evening pape^ Uldene's eyes fell upon the following item : "Found Dbad in the Street.-A young, fair haired woman was found, quite dead, buried under the snow-drifts, early last Tuesday morning. The body was removed to the morgue, and as it remained unclaimed, unrecognised, up to yesterday, it (fas interred by the proper authorities." The paper fell from Uldene's grasp, and the world seemed to grow dark around her. She never doubted but what it was Verlie-the fair-haired sister whom she lured so inhumanly to an untimely end. Even in this hour no keen repentance touched her heart, which was harder than adamant and colder than marble, as she pictured what poor Verlie's waking moments must have been, or the pain and torture she must have suffered when she found herself deserted, alone, helpless, in the dark grave- yard, with the snow falling around her. How she must have stretched out her white arms to the dark sky, praying for the help that did not come ! At first she must have hoped that Uldene had gone for assistance ; but as the hours rolled on the hope*died out, and she realised that she had been deserted in her crippled helpleBBness and left alone to die. Uldene bad swept her rival from her path at a bitter cost. Let her triumph in the knowledge until an avenging God metes out retribution for her crime. Let us go back, dear reader, to the waking moments of Verlie Sefton. We shall see, as we proceed further, that it was not Verlie who waB found dead in the streets. Fate had spared her, and for a far different end. And at the moment Rutledge Chester was writing that letter-which never found its way to the lonely light-house Verlie was going through the strangest and most startling experiences that ever fell to the lot of a young girl. The swoon into which she had fallen caused by the intense pain of her sprained ankle lasted an hour or more. The cool flakes of falling snow drifting down upon her upturned face speedily revived her. " Uldene !" she cried, faintly, "where am I-I-" Like a flash, memory returned to her, and she re- membered. Her first thought, as she lifted herself up on her elbow and saw that she was alone, was that Uldene had gone to summon help ; but as the hours dragged slowly on and no help came to her, terror seized her. " Had harm befallen her beautiful sister ?" was her agonized thought. " Ah ! what could detain Uldene ?" The thought had no sooner crossed her brain, than suddenly a horrible sound fell upon her ears the sudden, almost simultaneous report of two pistol shots that rang out sharply on the night air. The cry of terror froze on the girl's lips. The sound of voices reached her from the thick grove back of the ruins of the old church, scarcely ten rods distant, and without reflection, and almost heedless of the excruciating pain of her sprained ankle, Verlie crept toward the thick group of trees that overlooked the point from whence the sound had issued. And there amidst the snowdrifts, the horrible, weird scene, illuminated by the broad glare of two bull's eye lanterns, the girl beheld a sight that burned itself indelibly upon her memory while life lasted. A group of five men stood beneath the trees. One leaned against a broken' tombstone ; two were conversing eagerly in undertones; and two faced each other fifteen paces apart, with pistols in their hands. Ere the terrified girl could fully com- prehend the scene the conference ended, the seconds resumed their places, and a voice cried out : "Are you ready for the second shot ?" The two combatants nodded assent. ': Then, like the shock of doom, the horrible com- mand fell on the stillness of the midnight air : " One, two, three ! . Ready ! Fire !" The flash and ringing report from the two smok- ing pistols mingled with the command, and one of the principals threw up his arms and fell without a moan- without a cry-face downward on the snow that was already crimsoned with his life blood that had spurted from the death-wound in his breast. " Dead !" cried both seconds-"Bhot through the heart !" " Well, he would have it," responded the prin- cipal, coolly and cynically, as he turned on his heel. He had scarcely proceeded a dozen paces ere he started back with a low cry : " A woman-a spy by all that's wonderful !" he cried, aghast. Directly in the path before him, her face white as death and frozen with horror, Btood a young girl, clutching for support against a tree. In great surprise he advanced a step or two, and asked gruffly : " Who are you, girl ? What business have you here ?" He clutched her arm firmly withNsltro^b* ,j hand, but Verlie Sefton shook her arm free « V though a serpant had stung her. "Murderer !"shega8ped,recoilingfromhim. «Oh how dared you take a human life ? Do you think God wdl forgive you on the gallows for the crhnt I witnessed?" He was a man probably twenty-eight years U age, singularly handsome, with the dark beauty of a Greek god-a handsome face, but hardened in iniquity, Ho sprang forward again, and clutched her aim bo firmly in his grasp that she could not wrench it from him. "So you witnessed the duel, did you?" ho re- peated, grimly. "That is had foryou-for yo« shall not go freo until you have registered a solemn oath never to reveal what you have seen and heard here to-night." The girl's dauntless blue eyes never quailed be- neath the gaze of the dark ones bent upon her so Bteadily. " I shall appeal to the gentlemen present to pro- tect me from you," said Verlie, raising her eyes to his companions. In that moment of time, while her attention Wa» attracted elsewhere, they had made away witt the body of the fallen duelist ; and tkegirl noticed, with a thrill of horror, that they had drawn black masks over their faces, and were debating together in angry whispers. A scornful, sneering smile cut in upon her words, and her captor answered, with a scornful laugh': " These gentlemen will not interfere ; ray woid is law to them. If you knew what they were'dis- cussing now, you would tremble. It is a questioa of your life-or death. You have heard and seen too much. But I say that you shall depart, pro- viding that you will take the oath required of yon, and break it at your peril." " I would never promise what you ask !" cried Verlie defiantly. "On the contrary, I shall take pains to bring you to justice-and at the earliest opportunity, too." " Are you mad, to brave me thus, girl ?" ho cried, frowning darkly. " You are in my power remem- ber." " I am not !" she retorted, bravely; as you shall soon see. Already friends are coming to my resoné I fell here scarcely an hour ago while walking with my sister, and sprained my ankle. She has flown away for assistance. They will soon return.** "Forewarned is forearmed," returned the man abruptly. " In such a case it is useless to stand hero parleying with you. I shall take you to where you shall have plenty of time to consider my pro- position at your leisure." 1 he lights from the lanterns were shut off as if by magic, and left them in total darkness. With a dexterous movement a thiok cloak was thrown over her, and despite her frantic struggles and stifled screams, Verlie fonnd herself in the grasp of a pair of arms as strong as steel, and she was borne swiftly over the snow-crusted ground, then down a long flight of Bpiral stone steps, that seemed to lead down, down into the bowels of the earth. A narrow, subterranean, serpentine passage wag traversed, and far off could be heard the indistinct hum of gruff voices, The voices sounded nearer and nearer. There was the sharp click of a rusty key turned in a lock, and a ponderous door was thrown back upon ita hinges. There was a shuffling of many feet, followed * by the loud exclamation of a score or more of voice¿ « crying in a breath : Kjg "In Heaven's name, what have you (here, Captain ?" And Verlie's captor answered, with a sardbnio laugh : " An unwelcome guest." (To be continued.) 