FRAGMENIS OF FUN. Woman is mortally afraid of a mouse, they say, but a moustache doesn't ecare her a bit. Don't call a very large, strong, sinewy man a prevaricator. If you are sure he is a prevari cator hire another man to break the news to him. "Wilt thou have me, Sarah?' said a young man to a modest girl. " No, John," said the girl, " but you mar have me, if you will." Smith, with effusion: Hallo, Brown, is that you! I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with sadness: No; it was my brother. Smith. thoughtlessl : Whatapity I Merchant : Well, porter, I want you to tell me all that happened during my absence. Here's a dollar for you. Porter : The boys promised me two dollars if I wouldn't say a word. " I wish you would pay a little attention to what I am saying. sir,' roared a lawyer to an exasperating witness he was examtning Well, I am paying as lihttle attention as I can," was the calm reply. " Who." said a member of the Canadian House of Commons, to the members who were trying to choke him off, ' who brayed there?' " It was an echo,: retorted a member, amid a yell of delight " In the sentence-' John strikes Wil liam', " asked a school teacher in a manufac. toriug town, " what is the object of ' etrikes'T' " Higher wages and shorter time.'" promptly replied an intellicent pupiL " I don' Pare these shoes," said a lady ce. lomer, " because the soles are too thick." " Is that the only objection '? blandly asked the bootmaker. " Yes," was the reply. " Thene. madam. If you take the shoes, I can assureyou the objection will gradually wear away." " What is that big iron thing full of holes ?' " A locomotive boiler," raid Tom. L.auralookd thoughtful After a moment's silence. she, asked: " Why do they boil loco motives!" Tomlooked amazed. "Tomake make tender," he said slowly. Collector, to servant girl : Is Mr. Jonesin? Servant: No, he is aout. C. : That's a fib. I tsw him enter here a minute ago. S. G : I tell you he's out. C.: I say he's not out ; he's in. S. G.: Well, he's out of money, and that out is enough for you, anyway. And it was. Boston Hostess: Did you not think the allegro movement of that concerto by Bee-' thoven most inspiring? Friend, from the West: Stunning ! And wasn't IMr. Beethoven himself perfectly eleant I Such lovely whiskers. I do wish bed play ago·in " Mary, here's an advertisement in the paper that I think I'd better answer." " What is it for. JA hn!" " Why, it says, ' a good setter dog for sale, by Edward Smith.'"' " Well, what do you want of a setter cog, i Johnbu" 'Oh, I dunno, only Ithought it' might do to watch the hbouse at night ; and' as it is a setter, we could nse him on the eggs during the day.' At the Concert.-Young Candid : Did you ever hear such horribly discordant, ear splhtting, infernal --. Old Prondutnt: Slr-r-r I That's my eldest daughter, and-. Young Candid: I repeat, sir. such infernal clatter asthe idiots behind nos are making. Why, I can't hear a word of the song. An Australian prelate, on his Brat journey around, was H?ng into the deep mud by al ree le horse. Rising ruefully, with his chaplain's help, and surveying the place, the bishop consoled himself with the reflection : " I have left a deep impression in t hat part of the diocese, at any rate." A very deaf Bo.ton man has a charming wife atnld a cr es doz. One morning a friend met him and said : ' Good morning, Mlr. Blank. Your wife made a very pleasant call on aus last evening." "I'm very sorry," was the startling ansowereof the deaf citizen. " I'll see that it doeu'toc.'ur a:ain. I'm going to chain her up after this." A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook: " Oe lamb." " Great boait, mister." cried the countryman. " I can't eat a hull lamb; aimme some fried oysters i-sered." " One fried," bawled the waiter. ' Well, Methu selah's ghost I Mlster, one fried oyster hain't coin' to be enoouh. Gemme a dozen of 'em. Darn these city eatin' places I" Barber. to customer in chair: You're quite bald, eir. Customer : Yep. Barber: Young man, too. Customer: Yep. Barber: Wear your hat too much. Cnstomer: Nop, Barber: Runin the family? Customer : Nop. Barber: Rootaof thehairdeseasedl Customer: Nop. BIrber: Fever! Customer: Nop. Barber: Er-wife! Customer: Nip. Barber, deeperately: What can-ed that baldness! Customer: Barber's preventative. 