HE NOVELIST. A Prince of Darkness; )iv Til 1! .il'tiioit ok THE HOUSE OX THE MAHSII." CHAPTER, III. 'It lias been rather ilull. When I get too tired of rending to rend any more, I generally go into tho kitchen and sit with the sorvants. I say 1 do it to prevent their feeling nervous ; hut it isn't all unselfish kindness when the wiml negins to mow ami those beusfly upstairs shutters to hang.' ' Why do you put up with it ? Old Beresford's a pig to expect it from you. Why don't you tell him that-, if hu expects yon to put up with his dull presence and still duller ahseime, he must make you a decent allowance, and let you find yourself a wife ?' Victor had slipped his arm within that of his compnnion, and was strolling with him across the market-place in the direction of his own home. Cleruld laughed at his Inst suggestion. ' Oh yes, I can imagine myself taking the high hand with Mr. iieresford, asking for ftn allowance, as if 1 were indispensable to him, instead of being only a poor clerk whom he engaged out of compassion, with only just brains enough to add up a column of figures and write a business letter after instructions. I shonld like to see myself asking Mr. Iieresford to he good enough to oblige me with money to support a wife ! Besides, I don't want one.' ' Oh yes, you do j you're just cut out to make n good husband for a nice girl.' said Victor, in a tone which flesh and blood —of four-aml-twcnty— could not stand. ' I snpposo you mean I'm too dull and stupid to enjoy life r' Gerald retorted, with a not very successful attempt to look wdd and wicked. ' Not at, all, my dear hoy. We all know what brilliant success you have with the woman, and how Member's daughter ' Shut up i' said Gerald, shortly. Bahette, the sixteen-year-old daughter of Monnicr, Mr. Heresiord's head gamekeepet. was a rustic coipiette whom the tongues of her less handsome female acquaintances did not spare. , 'Now don't turn savage, dear hoy, eon- ilnttiitl Vmtrti' pikiIv. 1 tit IlOt ultllfltlltfa upon til) honour, when I toll you to beware or Unit tfirl. For if ever there wits a pretty little vampire, born with a natural taste for devouring bur speck's, it is slit. She would make a fool of any man, young us she is. 4 With tho exception, of course, of all- (fi!if|iicrin£r M. Victor Founder.' Ill wouldn't jro near the little .she- devil for all— well, all the plunder Monnier himself lias collected since ho has been in old Beresford's service.' 1 What do vou mean ?' 'Why, llult thieving rims in the family. Old Mourner — at least, he isn't very old, but, anyhow, I mean llubette's father — was us poor as a church mouse when ho first boeaiuu Boresl'ord s jrutuekccper, as 1 happen to know. And now — as 1 also happen to know— after being gamekeeper live years, he bus a couple of cottages and a wine-shop of his own. He has feathered his nest, and his daughter means to feather hers— if she can. But it' you take my advice, you won't help her.' 4 Very good advice, no doubt. Hilt it would sound a little more disinterested if J had not happened to puss by Moiiniers cottage yesteiiiay week, and to see you and JJabette standing by the lire in very amicable converse indeed.' Victor stopped, and making Gerald stop too, stared down into his face for some seconds wit limit speaking. Then he asked simply, — 4 Are you serious V 4 Perfectly.' 4 Well, then, you have made some strange mistake. 1 haven't been in the directum «»f 4 Les Boulcaux' for more than a month. You don't believe me V 4 How can I, when I saw you with mv own eyes 4 On what tiny dn yon say it was you inc. and at what time r' 4 If. was on Wednesday, the 21st; I remember the date, because it was the night on which Uupont was rohhed. 1 got. hack home a little earlier than usual, because your fat her came in and told me 1 might be off if I liked, us there was not hing left for me to do in the otlice, and he wanted me to write to Air. Bcresford. It was soon after five when 1 goi to the gate at' I ho end of the poplar avenue; ami 1 got down, tied up the horse, and went on to .Mounter's to see if lie had finished cleaning my gun,' continued Gerald, Hushing, and as the door was fastened 1 just looked in at tho window, and saw you and Bahette standing together by the "fireplace.' 4 Was the fire bright >' 4 No-o, not very, I think; but it was bright enough to see you by.' 4 if it had hueu as bright as (lie infernal regions on a fete- night, you could not have donu that,' said Victor composedly, 4 for 1 was not there.' 4 Then M. Victor Founder's ghost was.' 4 f was playing eenrto with Paul Gilbert in his brother's rooms from five o'clock that duy until half-past six, when 1 went iodine with them at Uessiu's. if it wus my ghost you saw, it did you good service in warning you of such dangerous ground ; but I con fess I think it most probable that in t lie Imlf-licht vou mistook somo other fool for your faithful counsellor.' Ho saw plainly by the stubborn way in which Gerald's mouth was closed that the litlordid not believe him, but ho seemed not to think the matter of sufficient conse quence to press flie point, and combined, in a tone which he tried to make less patronis ing , 4 You need not think 1 look upon yon for being such a good fellow as you are, Oemld. On tho contrary, 1 give you my word that if only old Iieresford would do his duty, nnd belmvo handsomely to you— which is . tho least lie can do after all tho fuss he has . niodo about your history— forgive me, I ./ don't moan to pain you— and the use he makes of you as a kind of postman, there is no. man whom I would rather sou tho husband of my own sister Hum you, Gomld/ -Tliank you,! said Uiu other, with no 'r , ; ftppohranco of being overwhelmed with joy : - at the' suggestion. 1 >'>' ": '.Now, don't speak like I hut/ said Victor genially. 4 Don't you hoc that T could not I pay vou a greater compliment than by I giving yon the hint ? A man's sister is all j that lie holds most snored in womanhood, j and it is, besides, nn open secret in the' family that Louise takes your story l« heart more as if you were a hero out of a hook than a living man. it is a fact, 1 assure you/ 4 It is vcty good of her, said Gerald mther . stiffly, though it was impossible for him to treat- such a statement of n lady's kindness discourteously. 4 Now, do coino and dine with ur|j it is uuly at the end of the street,' said Victor persuasively, as his companion stopped. 4 No, thank you ; I am late as it is. Give my kind regards to Madame and ALdlle. Founder.' And wrenching his arm rather roughly out of that to his friend, Gerald escaped and made Ids way as fast as lie could to whOro tho gig was wniting for him. The old horse which drew this respectable-look ing, but by no means fashionably-built vehicle was the fattest in the department ; and although Gerald had taken u mean advantage of Air. Beresford's absence to urge the brute daily to a sharper trot than its merciful master would have allowed, still the disrespectful questions which tho gamins would address to hint from a safe distance on tl.e road side as to whether he was going to market instead of Ids grand mother, and whether his horse was to run for the Grand Prix, were among tin most distasteful experiences of his daily life. Me now eyed the too well-rounded pro portions of the obnoxins uninml with more dissatisfaction than usual, being in uu ill- humour, mounted into the gig, and drove tiff with a very strong feeling that the world was not using him well. It was n .lull drive to 4 Les Rouleaux/ along a flat road through a hare landscape; and tin east wind blew straight into his face t lie whole way. A consideration of his position in life, whieh Victor's well-meant hut rather tactless discourse had forced upon loin, wus dispiriting almost beyond cmiiir- uucc. Me had no friends who cared much about him; Tor Air. Bcresford, with ufl his kindness, seemed to live ill a philosophical abstraction which put him outside the inthienee of mutual human sympathies, and made him regard Gerald rather us the psychological experiment than ns n solitary and steadilv working von man. who took life us it came, and tried very hard to he cheerful over it. lie had no prospects, for his labour was not particularly valuable, and he bad arrived, either by instinct or collection, at the conclusion that Mr. Berisford. tukimr nothing hut a philosopher's interest in him am) his 'case,' had no intention of raising hi m above his present position of poorly- paid clerk at the factory, enretaker at Les Boulcaux,' and postman between (hose two places. As for marrying Louise Foamier, as her biotherlmd suggested, that wnsqiiite out of the question, utid Gerald did not regret it. Being unused nmv to Indies society, he was shy ami constrained in the presence of Madame Founder and her daughter, and Louise's spontaneous gaiety had a stupefy ing ufi'ect upon him. .She was a briglit rouud-fneed girl of seventeen, whom lie had never once seen with her cheeks timliinpled by a smile. .She hud rosy lips and sparkling eyes and the beauty of extreme youth, ttud was a very good- lmiiioured and pleasant creature, with a tendency to romance in her temperament whieh did not find expression in a pensive brow anil loveworn cheek, but in a very simple and sincere interest in unlucky Gerald Staunton, and a wish, which she had openly confided to her mother and brother, that he might he discovered to he a long-lost heir to something or other, and might then ask her to consult him for his past misfortunes. But this seemed unlikely, and in the meantime Gerald's thoughts were more occupied with the perfidious Ihihetle, I with whom he had been currying on nn innocent hut interesting fiintution, when ids unlucky peep through the window of her fat bar's cottage eight days ago had shown him the rustic beauty with tin arm round her waist which he felt still convinced was Victor's, and he had experienced u sudden sharp pang which he could n.it mistake for any otner, leclmg than jealousy, ro nee t lien he had avoided Moulder's cottage, and nothing would have induced him to turn his steps in that direction to-day if he hud not remembered, just as Ids horse slopped of his own accord at thegateof the long poplar avenue leading up to 4 Les Bmileaux,' that the gamekeeper had not vol returned his guti ; and though he was not in present need of it. still it would no doubt he safer iu Ids own room than lying about iu Monnier's cottage. The white gate of the avenue .stood open, as was frequent ly the ease, there being no lodge to guard the way of entrance to the unpretending little country house, which the peasants nevertheless culled the 4 chateau hut as the horse had stopped as if accustomed to a halt here, Gerald, after a fuw moments' debate with himself, jumped down, fastened the reins to one of t lie gate-posts, and .sauntered down the road iuaii unconcerned manner towards the gamekeeper, s cottage, which stood iu a garden still bare, hut which already showed signs of the care that would make it pretty and productive hy-and-by. He whistled to himself as he walked up the garden-path, and tapped at the door, with out peeping iu at the window this time. Jr was opened at once by Dubcftu herself, whom ho greeted in an off-hand manner, am!, niter otic supercilious glance, asked whether her father was at home, while his eyes wandered all round the cottage and nil over the landscape, and the restlessness of his manner botnived at once to the un tutored coquette that he had comu to see her and her alone, though lie would not liavo hud it known for worlds. CHAPTER TV. Gi:i:ami Staunton assumption of easy in- dilfctcnco to Bahette, as she opened the cottage floor to him, wns no match for the girl's more genuine coolness. 4 Coino in, monsieur,' said she very care lessly : ami Gerald, not having expected hoc to take this tone with him, was com pelled to look at her moro attentively to try to make out tho reason of tho cluingo. For oven whon capricious Bubctto was on with tho now love, she did not ns a rule, show any dosiro to bo oil with tho old, being a young lady who felt, herself quite capable of driving a team of admirers witU amusement to them and profit to liurseli. It would have required n very shrewd judge of character to gauge tho depth of the girl's lover- leading capacity on ft first introduction to her. A great shy bluc-cyua creatine, with thick loose hps, dazzling teeth, and fair complexion browned and reddened by the sun, her face set. off by a . narrow frame of fair hair brushed uncle j under her clean white cap. she had u habit j of blushing which a stranger would lime, mistaken for a sign of mnilefily, and ft perfectly natural way of casting down her blue eyes on receipt of a kiss or a compli ment, which would liavewoiui poet s heart, and inspired him with the new idea of setting forth in verse tho superiority of the unsnpliisticated village lass over tin brazen tounis-phiving girls of his own rank of life. She won.' a plain short gown of course hluo stuff, ami an apron of lighter blue cotton, and she eluuked about the roughly tiled floor in a lingo pair of wooden shoes, the sound of whieh Gerald loved ; iu her large ml hands she held a half- finished grey stocking on wooden knitting-pin, with one of whieh she idolently pointed to aehuir. 4 Sit down, monsieur ; my father will hu in directly,' said she, without so much as a look at the young gentleman, and in a tone so much haughtier and more indifferent than the one he had assumed, that Gerald instant I v dropped into his usual manner, vanquished on the ground he had chosen. 'How's the cow, Bahette F ho asked simvly. 4 ijhVs better; .1 gave her a bran mium Mil night before hist,' answered tho girl, still with dignity. 4 Ami the chicken ; did vou find the one tlmt strayed away ?' 4 Yes, mondctir ; it hud got into the dry ditch behind the potatoes,' she answered rather impatiently. A pause. Me could not think of anything else to ask about for u few moments; then he asked with sadden fin-, — Mas old Klisc given you the fifteen sous she owed yon for the turnips V 40h ves.' said Labette, twisting one shoulder up to her ear petulantly. 4Tt is all settled. Alt those common tilings don't interest me, she added, tossing her head hack as she leant, with crossed feet, against the wall l»v the wide hearth. Gerald stared at her in astonishment. Hitherto thrift and coquetry had gone hand in hand in the girl' nature, and the prospects of the beetroot crop had excited Iter as much as the promise of a head neck lace. Me was utterly grieved by t bis new phase, liavinv always admired ami ctieour-1 aged the simple frankness with which she used to tell him. with her month full ofthe apples and gingerbread of his providing, which she used to devour in unroniautiu quantities all the details and petty economics of the sordid cottage-life. This must he one of the had results of Victor's influence, lie thought, angrily and sorrow fully. Why couldn't the fellow amuse himself in tie town, without coming out here to spoil the sweet, rustic innocence of pretty Bahette ? For Gerald believed the girl to he as honest hearted as himself ; and he now debuted whut terms he hail better use to put the trusting creature on her guard. 4 Vou used not to talk like that, Bahette,' lie began at last cautiously, 4 Last tfme i was here, when you showed mu tlmt big ham you were so proud of. and we looked over I be sunllower-seeds, and f made you those new clothes-pegs, yon didn't talk of 'common things' then. Bahette shrugged her shoulders, tossed her head again, and unconsciously thrust into greater prominence her great woodon- >hod feet as she slid into a lounging attitude of haughty indolence, still working awnv busily at her storking, however. 'All that was childish. One can't be always a ciuiu. jjou t talk to me about I elot lies-pegs ; I hate such tilings/ Who lias taught yon to hate them F 4 Nobody answered the girl hastily and rather peevishly. 4 Vou think I am just a common girl and can only talk about cows and pigs. It isn't trite; 1 like to talk about other tilings. ' \\\ hat things do you like to talk about now, Bahette r 4 Oh, about Fan's ami beautiful houses, ami bonbons that inch in your month— like the ladies of the 'beau mondc' talk about. \ mi see, I'm not so ignorant ns you think.' 4 Ami who talks to you about those tilings The girl did not answer. 41 know ; it is M. Victor Fournier/ She raised her head quickly. 4 But you should not listen to him. (loud girls shouldn't listen to those things ; gentlemen who talk like that only laugh at you. If M. Victor said that to you — ' 4M. Victor has said nothing tome; I scarcely know Al. Victor. And who is he that he should laugh at mu? lie is only a 'grand seigneur do province' after all. AL Victor, indeed !' Gerald almost gasped. 4 Grand seigneur do province!' Mow on earth had she got hold nt that phrase, over the pronuneintiou oT which she was indeed a little uncertain, though its meaning as a term of contempt was evidently pretty clear to her ? After a short silence hu got up, ttud kneeling on one of the wooden chairs, leant over it while lie tilted himself backwards and forwards, and addressed her with a red face and nil tho impiussiveuess of winch ho was master. 4 Bahette,' he said 4 you have met some body who would like to do you ir great injury, making you dissatisfied with your simple, harmless country life, and with your own goodness and truth and honosty. But you mustn't listen to what ho says ; you mustn't indeed. If you do, yo'll bo awfully sorry for it, and worso than sorry. You don't know wlmt gentlemen aro: I do; and i tell you, the less you have to do with thom tho butter/ 4 Why, you are a gentleman yourself,' re torted sho saucily, 4 though you'ro not so fine a ono as — ' Sho stopped short; and Gerald con tinued,-— 'Look hero, Bahette, tell mo who it is. You can trust ino, you know/ Sho shook lior hoad deoidodly. 4 Well, if you won't, I shall toll your father or your grandmother/ (TO UE CONTINUED.) 