; . SIFTINGS. . The Wahgnnynh ghoatistill flourishes. 1( Horr Kohler at Corowa, Friday, Feb. 4, ;Alhury i Quartor yenaionH, Monday. Fob. 28. 1 ' 1 ».. » ' ' . , Land pnlea at Corowa, Feb. 16, March 23 and March 30.; , . . , | Courts of Mined, Rutbergleh, Fell T5 ; Chiltarn, Fob. 16. \- Fraucei and Germany are. making, im- mouse prepqrntionsM / \ . xf |s Pruyora for' tho Qiinon have bneri hiBacd in numerous churches in Londou; County Courte, Rutherglon, Tuesday,. Fob! 15; ChiUern, Wcdiieaday, Fob.'ld. 1 Seven tona of grapea were despatched from tbo Rntltcrglon station on Monday. Tho West Australian Government com- memce the year with a credit balance of : 433,418. Sir Henry Parkes hns dispensed with thp, services of tbo " private secretary to tho Premier.! ' , » Another land hallofc in Corowayeaterday. Thc'snceessfnl applicant was Misa Mai garot. J. Kennedy. ><: Tho Corowa and Rutherglen hrigades are actively practising for thn coming Melbourne demonstration. Mi. C. Martin, of Chiltarn, h.ts boon ap pointed a justice of tho, peace for the Northern Bailiwick of Victoria. 1- ! Annuals njoctingH , of, ahoep andj .largei otack uwiicija. lit ; Corqiva, Ifraiia,.; Allnify/ and Gcrmanton,' Friday Feb. 2a. f' ! »i t In conscqunncn of tho change of Govern ment in New South Wales .Mr. popoliipdjty Amending Land Bill falls through. i Qntchens, tho English nprintar, has d.o- foatod Malonb in the firafc two or threo races for 150, 200, and 250 yqrdq,;4l(lQ a-side. ' Mi. Mathow Martin has been appointed a trustee ot' tho Barnawartha comotery Rite, in' liou of Philip.IJ; Gdhcig, reaighod!" J i The N.S.W. Government Astrohomnr ro- nrttfn t.bnf. thn vninfnll fni> t.liA caaz IftBU wan 108 por cuut. above tbo avornge. Tho schedule of Robert Gledhill, railway stationmastar at Beechwprth, wan filodon. Tuesday. LiabiliT.icB!yS200 ; aasti.jiU. M It iu understood that Mr. Barton on liiR rctirumont from the Speakership will bo offered a nuat in tho Legislative Couocil of N.S.W. A movement has beon initiated at Bir mingham for the establishment of, it Zoll- vorein, or Cuatoma 'union, between' all countries under British rule. Heavy floods in QuoqnRland bavp sub merged a1 largo pnrt1 or r Brisbane,' doing' iinmonRe damage to property. Tho lofts of lifo has boon considerable. . . , , - , Tho noxt N.S.W. Assembly will include 124 members, tho electorates of Redfern. anil Northumberland /being bach > entitled'' to nn additional representative. It is currently roported th'at lhc Germau Government will shortly demand fcho meaning of tho continued mussing of French troops on thn Franco Gorman frontier. Tonders tar tho supply of forago to tho various polico stations in tho Murray,, and South-Wtafceim diQtriqjq 'willed roieivPd at! fcho treasury, Sydney, 'until nooh-on Thurs day, Feb. 17. r' : », - Sir Patrick Jennings hnatresignod jhis. position ha feador of tho N.S.W. Opposition, and Mr. J. P.Garvan, who is his recognised ouccRP8or, hau doolnred in favour of a moderato- system of Proteotfoni'' It ia worth remombcringritbat ;np. nowa-1.1 paper, or jouriinris printed oapecinlly for ono person any more tlid'H ad hotel is b'uilt especially to ploaso ono guc6t. Peoplo who becomp displeased with qoraothing thoy find ip a nowspapor- should rbuiember' that, the very thing that displeases thom is oxaotly tlio thiug that will please somo- body who has jnsfc as much inteivfltliq fcho paper as they h(vvu« 