"FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW." BY MISS DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "Annabel's Rival," "'Lady Sefton's Pride," "Crmesus' Widow," etc. CHAPTER _'.-(Co.var' ED.) "Lissa," said Bob, in an awe-struck whisper, "can there be anything in this can Dick-" And his looks told the rest. "God knows !" answered Elizabeth, and the two sat still and silent, not utter ing even to each other the doubts and fears which involuntarily had struck them both. They never mentioned it again. Dick got better, and came downstairs looking the ghost of his former self, and nervous and irritable to a frightful degree; but apparently he had got a fright about drinking; the doctor indeed, who was himself a little red- faced man with strong alcoholic proclivities, had warned him of its fatal consequences. "Another such attack, Mr Richard," he had said, shaking his head as usual when he wished tos be very emphatic, "And I dare not contemplate the conse quences. Epilepsy; my'dear sir, lunacy, idiotcy, death-all might be produced. I do not on principle object to stimulants" (people said the doctor certainly did not); "but when the desire for them is over powering, unrestrainable in fact to a reasonable quantity, then I say; my young friend, abstain. Yours is a case that re quires total abstinence-be wise therefore and use it." And having given this ad vice the doctor left, calling at the nearest ale-house on his road to have a glass of hot brandy and water, as the morning was chill One of Dick's great horrors after his ill ness was to go to bed, and he used to beg and pray them to sit up late, falling asleep many and many a time through sheer ex _haustioain his chair. It was difficult to spend the long winter nights, and so Elizabeth proposed whist (though she disliked cards), by way of amusing Dick, and the three elder co'sins used to sit and play very sedately and soberly, Hal being the only lively one of the party. ..... . Sthey belief is," said this boy one night " that if I were prematurely cut off, that Sthe proverbial ditch-water would be spark ling in comparison to the'liveliness of my remaimmg sorrowing family. 'Lissa, my dear, if farming gets worse, don't you think Dick and Bob would make their for tunes as mutes ? Yes, the undertaking business is certainly open to our family." Only a very feeble laugh was raised in answer to this sally, and it was no doubt true that the family circle at Wendell farm was now a very dull one. Every day they missed the farmer's cheery good-nature, who, ever ready with his jest and his' laugh, had made:amnill. grievances seem lighter, and large ones easier to bear He was gone now, and his honoured name could never even be mentioned in 'his household. Dick was to be kept quiet and amused, the doctor said, and " father" therefore was a word now never heard at Wendell West-house. " ' As the anniversary of poor Harry Tyrrell's death drew near, Lissa felt a strange but perhaps not unaccountable dread of its approach. Dick'aince his re covery had had no more frightful dreams or visions apparently, but he often talked still in his restless sleep, and had twice given Elizabeth a terrible frightby walk ing in it. Each time when she awoke and missed him, the idea of suicide had occurred to her mind, but on her rousing 'Bob and Hal, Dick, asleep, with half open, fixed, expressionless eyes, was discovered once near the door of an unfrequented large' attic room in the -rear of the house, and another time trying apparently to undo the fastenings of the house door. Every one in the house remembered what day it was when the pale winter morning dawned at Wendell on the anni versary of Harry's murder. Elizabeth had watched its first beams of light appear with deep emotion, perplexity, and regret, stirring in her heart. She scarcely dared to look at her husband's face, though when she did his knitted brow, his pallor, and restless and excited ways, added not a little to her painful curiosity, to her un satisfied and anxious doubts. No one spoke of it at breakfast ; no one until Hal, with boyish carelessness, said- "D'ye know what day this is, Lissa 1" "Yes, yes," said Elizabeth hastily. " The seventeenth of December," went on HaL "The day when Harry Tyrell was---' "No use mentioning disagreeables," said Bob, interrupting the irrepressible boy, for his eyes had fallen on Dick's white and clammy fae. "A great deal of use, I think," con tinued Master Hal "Be silent," said Dick 'passionately, "be silent," and he started up from the breakfast table, and Bob and Lissa looked at each other with one glance of mutual fear as he left the room. "My belief is," said Hal the next minute, " that Dick knows more than he chooses to tell about the murder. D'ye remember when he had D.T., Lissa, how he always fancied Harry Tyrell's ghost was in the room "' " You had better take care what you say, I think," said Bob. "You'll have Dick ill again with your folly, if you don't mind. You know he's not the same fel low sincepoor father's' dejaih." "Well, if i'd thad D.T. and I'd been Dick," answered HIIal, who always had the last word, "it would lhave been poor father's ghost, and not'B Harry Tyrell's that would have haunted me. I don't blame him-nobody can, but for all that I shouldn't like to have the old man's blood upon my hand." CHAPTER X-V.' It was a fine day this seventeenth of December, in 1872, fine, clear, bright, and frosty, not like the snowy gloomy one of the year before, made ever memorable at Wendell by the discovery of the body of the murdered heir. To both Lissa's dismay and Bob's Dick did not return to the house the whole morning after he hastily left the break fast table, and when, at Lissa's request, Bob went to seek him, he found that Dick had ordered Winny to be saddled, and had at once ridden from the home stead. Iwish he mayn't have gone to Mitchin," Bob added, when he imparted this infor mation to Lissa. "If he gets drink there we'll have a flue night of it again." He never came back all day, and Eliza beth grew so alarmed about him that she entreated Bob, during the afternoon, to ride to 31itchin to seek him, and endea vour to 'induee him to return home at once; and Bob, who also was very uneasy about him, started at four o'clock. ' Five came, six, seven, and the brothers had not come back. Dinner was served at six o'clock, but Hal alone, with unime paired appetite, partook of the meal "I am laying in a stock of strength," he said to Lissa, on helping himself a second time to chicken pie," for' Dick's impending attack of D.T.. 'A fellow can't be expected to hold another fellow down unless he has dined." " How can you' jest about such things, hal l" said Lissa ieproachfully. "I am not jesting," said Hal, with im perturbable gravity; "I am prepareng. myself for an athletic contest with Dick -and that reminds me that I shall require another glss'of beer to keep myself up to the mark." About nine o'clock Dick and Rob ar rived, Dick having decidedly taken toon much to drink-" nwfully screwed," Bob: whissered to Lissa as they.came in.' Dick could walk, certainly, but his aim and his power of accomplishment were very wide "Lpsa-"-he said, "Lissa, my dear,?' as he staggered into the hall. + ' "Come in here, Dick," said Lissa, and she led him in to the breakfast room, and presently Dick fell sound asleep in an armchair by the fire.' Thoush he seemed quiet enough at pre sent; El zabeth and Bob agreed that they had better cit up with him; but when I with some difficulty they got him upstairs, he fell on the bed dressed as he was, in such a heavy slumber, that Bob, after taking off his necktie and boots, prophe sied that he would never more until the morning, and therefore proposed himself to retire to rest. "Leave your room door open, and a light burning then,- Bob,". adi-Lissa, andi to this Bob agreed; Elizabeth, -ieaning to sit up during the night, to watch the sleeping man-in fact, dreading to go to bed, lest in the midnight hours sheashould again be awakened by his terrible struggles and cries. She grew more nervous and ill at ease as the time wore on. Eleven o'clock struck, and Dick began to grow restless, moaning occasionally in his sleep, and stirring his arms. Then twelve came, and almost- with the last astrokeof- the clock Dick raised himself up in bed, and slowly, and as if obeying some powberful impulse, rose, still asleep, and with half-opened, fixed, far-away-looking eyes, proceeded steadily to walk out of the room. Elizabeth sprang to her feet to wake him-then a strange, terrible curiosity rushed into her heart, and seizing the night lamb, she followed Dick's swift and noiseless steps. :--To47properly relatie*wh7 {followed' 'per haps it would be necessary to give a slight idea of the position of the rooms at Wen dell West-house. To prevent .wearisome ldeatii ' vib -'ivcer,~ I-shall " of tert iit y -SI . by tellint that thiire was a long passage extending from the upper bedrboins to an' unused attic room at the rear of the house, which was known in, the household as " Grandmamma's store-room." ' ''" , But it was never opened. " rand mamma" (Mr Horton's mother), an old fashioned dame, had kept her preserves, her home-made wines and hams, but Mrs Horton (Lissa's aunt) had never used it, preferring as her store-room a room in a more conveniently situated part of the house tha: this out-6f-thowfay, helving robfed'attic. , i' : /- i ; . The key of it, however,Elizabeth ex pected, still.hung on her household bunch of keys, which generally fay in her work basket in the breakfast room. But to her surprise and dismay, as she followed Dick's quick steps,. who- passed swiftly along the passage between his brother's rooms, and proceeded direct to the door of " Grandmamma's store- room," she sawv him put his hand into his pocket and draw out a key, and having fitted it into the lock, he; turned it and opened the door. Again Elizabeth put out her hand to waken-him; but' again- with sickening dread and .curiosity_ drew back"; ' hile Dick, having pulled the key out of the lock after turning it, enterfd the room, followed hy the pile Elizabeth, holding -her night-lamp in her hand. , - - *;' . " A strange old world place this ! Two ancient side-saddles were suspended fron the shelvitig ceiling; short- waisted, an tique silk dresses, whose wearers had been in their graves a hundred years, hung here too; and faded bunches of lavender and herbs, of which only the storks remained, told of the old .ady's housewifely- thrift and 'care. 'On ' the shelves were" old fashioned brown jars filledonceno doubt, with rrirsetreicfiand tc.ndies; ? n great baskets for her apples, which had left still a soft of taint and'smell of decay in the air. ' ' ' ' But it is in vain to describe all " the shreds and patches" with which this room was filled. It was the collection of years, and years, and years. When the farmer was-a child and a boy,- he had-sometimes followed' isi mother here' Hrr-'inother's bridal dress was stored away in one of the great oak chests which stood near the walls; aid'ifter she was 'daid'" grand-; mamma's clothes" were carried up, and, with- her huiband's, now formed part'of the contents of the room. \--Elizabeth remembered-once or twice during her asint's 'lifetime being allowed; to enter here, arid donce after her death she had done so. On this occasion ElizA beth (then a young girl) had wanted some dresses to act charades in, and she had then opened one of the oak chests and peeped among the old lady's stores. To her intense astonishment then, Dick (still asleep) now went up to the very chest she had then opened, and the key of which she remembered leaving in the lock, and bent down, and with a small key, which she -now- perceived was .attached to the -door key in his haind, proceeded to open the box. With wide-staring eyes, and a face pale with excitement, Elizabeth watched what he did next. One after the other Dick took out the contents of the ,chest,.and laid'them oh the floor. A', ellow 'silk sacque, embroidered with violet flowers and green leaves, came first; then a black silk scarf,- and-various articles of female attire. - -.' ,, -.'' Then came apparently a set of gentle men's ruffled shirts; a blue swallow tailed coat, knee-breeches, aind silk isnd woollen- stockings of every- description. Then a bridal dress- yellow with age, and trimmed at the wrist-bands and breast with fineiMecklin raced'yello ;alFo. One by one Dick took these articles out and laid them on the floor, and then bending down again drew out of the chest a pair of boots-a pair of modern boots, with elastic sides, and made for some man whose feet must have been'slim, straight, andsmall. "' " . " - t What made Elizabeth start, and with difficulty suppress a cry when she saw these boots ? She thought she recognised them-she, thought she knew again the narrow boot-the iarro? boot that Jasper Tyrell had worn, and which she had fitted in, thea footprints .in: thae :.sow,l-on. the fatal morning wheri Harry's-body had been found. \- With the rest of thecontents of the box Dick laid down the boots-; and then bend ing down again, this time drew forth a pistol-a revolver, and held it in his hand. At this sight Elizabeth did utter a cry, and seized Dick's arm. "Dick! Dick!" she cried, "awake! Dick i" . . But Dick'did hot seem to hear her, but stood with his fixed, half-opened expres sionless eyes, handling the pistol as if he were preparing to fire, and in terror Elizabeth shook his arm violently. -. This awoke him, for he opened his eyes wider, stared round, while• a different ex pres.ion came into them, though he -seemed- at first scarcely to: eompreheid where he was. Then he grew deadly pale, and began to tremble violently, and the pistol fell heavily from his hand on to the floor. " How did I come here :" heasked. " You were walking in your sleep," answered Elizabeth, greatly agitated, "and I followed you here ..... "Come away, then," said Dick, withl' shudder; "come away." And he moved forward as if about to quit the store-room. But with a sudden effort, a "sudden spasmodic gesture, Elizabeth stopped hiim.i S"Dick '".ahe panted out, ".Dick !",her arm raised'warningly the while,'.'.tell me the truth !-: Is this," and she lifted-the weapon fromr.the floor,." is this the pistol with which Hirry Tyrell was shot " Dick's ejes fkll,; and he staggered'b;ck as she asked this':question. \- :: ,'(T6 b Contlield) . ; -" ' I 