An Incident from Life. I How damp and cold and foggy it was in Lambeth Palace Road one December evening. It whb terribly noisy, too, for huge carts, laden with heavy goods from the South western railway terminus hai-d by, rattled incessantly over the stones, and everybody hurried along to be out of the thoroughfare as soon as possible. Three little urchins formed an exception to the bustling crowd, for they lingered for more than an hour round the big iron gates of St. Thomas's Hospital, in spite of the constant knocks and pushes they received, custom having made them almost unconscious of such treatment. Besides, the attraction which kept them there was a powerful one. TiiCy had actually witnessed, while they waited, the arrival of no less than three Christmas-trees! Two of them, it is true, were only young fir-trees dug up from a plantation somewhere in 'the countiy and sent straight to the hospital, there to be dressed up in all their attractive finery ; but j the third tree was a present from the wife of one of the consulting physicians, and was already trimmed and deco- j rated, and covered with toys. There was some delay in moving it from the light cart and carrying it into the building ; and so the three small I boys out'side had time for a long look at it iu all its beauty. One must he a child to understand what that beauty is; coloured flags, gold and silver balls, dolls, trumpets, candles, crackers, sweeties— they need a child's imagination to be appreciated; but we may, perhaps, happily have enough of it left in us to know how much they convey to him. _ The boys on the sticky pavement outside gave a long- j drawn sigh as the beautiful tree went out of sight; aud they turned away to their own usual surroundings— mud, fog', cold, discomfort, such as they had been accustomed to nil through their short lives. ' My !' said one of them— Jimmy by name — ' wouldn't i I just like to be sick in there, and 'avc that there tree to play with !' I It was a sentiment echoed by the other two as they edged ! themselves along the railing of the hospital, making their way back toward the room they usually slept in in Lam beth. j ' Well, we an't sick,' said another of them,* called Peter, although the harsh, diy voice he spoke in, and his white, wan face might have told another tale. j ' And bo we an't got no tree !' said the third boy, Bill, j ' They had almost reached the corner of Westminster i Bridge, in depressed silence, wlicn-Pcte — as he was com monly called — suddenly stopped, and, with a smile, which ? was pleasing enough to see, although his companions did not notice it, exclaimed, ' An't I got an idea !' _ j After which statement he propounded it to his attentive audience— ideas being, if not rare, always interesting to j boys. And certainly Pete's was original and worthy of consideration. He suggested that one of them should feign to he ill, should get taken into the hospital, and, when once there, should see the tree in all its gloiy. The plaa 6ounded delightful, the only objection to it. being that they could not all play the principal part in it. They decided who should be the lucky one by the all popular method of tossing, and Pete won the toss. . This was fortunate, for, besides having distinctly the first right to his own idea, which the lad did not think of, he was the | only one of the three who would have been capable of acting his part ; but 1'cte did not know this, either. He only gave Jimmy and Bill a few hints ns to what they wore to do — how they were to look as scared as possible when Hill's father came home at night, and how they were to say they knew nothing of Pete except that he was sud denly 'took 'bad.' Whereupon the 41 taking ' promptly occurred, and with a thud, that was unexpected even to Jimmy aud Bill, Pule threw himself down at full length on the pavement. A small crowd instantly collected round thein. Most of the people only stared a moment and then passed on . one or two expressed pity ; and after a few moments the inevi table policeman arrived, and pushed his way up to L'ete's side, roughly questioning Jimmy and Bill. They whim pered a bit aud looked frightened— to order, and the police man, after rolling Pete over with his foot, and finding him apparently altogether unconscious, said he must go to the hospital ; and with the help ot a good- natured bystander, himself carried him there, Jimmy and Bill and several others following. . It was something to be inside those great walls, as Jimmy and Bill, and Pete, too, thought, while the latter was being carried by the porter on a stretcher into the casually ward, and a big bell was rung for Number One - that is, a young dresser alwaj's handy, who sees a case first, and if it be a__ :u: ? 1*4- onHino- fnv thfi llOllKP iniUU£, ttivcuuu IU IV, niwiuui ? O ™ ? . . ? eureeon. But of Pete tbe dresser could make nothing at all, 'and he soon called the house-surgeon, who came run ning down from the top of the high building, and applied himself with the rapidity of a hard- worked man to the con sideration of the case before him. He did not look over 30, but there was an amount of prompt decision, a firmness, and a gentleness in his touch of Pete which spoke well for the use he had made of his head and of his heart. The policeman stated what lie kuew and was dismissed, while the surgeon looked for all the most likely symptoms in Pete, and was able to find none of them. The patient was simply unconscious. The boys were asked whether Pete litid been ill before he fell down suddenly, and they said, ' No, only tho cough ! ?' And as they both cried, or howled, steadily all the turn, the dresser scut Ihccu away, telling them they might come the next morning to hear what was the matter with their friend. Thev, not sorry to get their dismissal alter the 6urgcon had arrived off the scene, scampered off. Then the surgeon, systematically, and very patiently in deed, begau at Pete's head aud examined him down to his feet, to find some cause for this extraordinary unconscious ness, and could discover none. Disease he found, indeed, for the poor little fellow's lungs were half gone; but, as lie said to the dreBser, 'Boys don't drop down unconscious from that ! ' Being strangely baffled, the surgeon ordered Pete to be taken to the children's ward, undressed, and. put to bed. ' We'll see what we can make of him, then,' he said. It was not by any means easy for Pete to keep up his acting, especially when strong ammonia was put under his nose and almost boiling water to his feet ; but he managed it, more now from pride than from longing after the Christ mas tree even. Only when he was lifted by tho nurse into a soft, clean, warm bed, such as he had never dreamt of before, that small closed mouth of his involuntarily parted, and something very like a smile, like the ghost of a smile, stole over his face. _ The surgeon, noticing it, was struck with tho idea that the boy might be shamming. ' Fetch the battery here,' be said. The surgeon waited by his side, holding his small hand, and thinking tQ himself 'that, shamming or not shamming, Pete had the most pathetic face he had met with in all his experience of sadness and suffering. Then the battery was brought, and a slight shock wes administered from it down Pete's back. 'Oh! that wa8 horrible!' thought tho lad. 'What was it i'' ' Oh ! don't do it again ; don't do it again !' One or two students round wero laughing ; but the sur geon did not see anything but pathos in the scene, as he said gravelv, ' Then you are not ill, and have been giving us all this trouble for nothing. Why uid you do it V' He wanted the lad to tell the truth ; and, of course, to him Pete did. ' Aud so you pretended to be ill, that you might come in here, aud ? ' ' Yes, sir.' ' And what am I to do with you now, do you think ?' ' Turn me out again,' said Pete, promptly. There was something very like a quiver in the surgeon's voice, as he said with infinite tenderness, ' No, my lad, I shan't do that to you ; you shall see the Christmas tree in here. You are not what you pretended to be, but you are quite ill enough to stay in the ward till after Christmas time, and then we will see !' And so Pete had his Christmas tree, and Jimmy and Bill came in at the surgeon's invitation to see it, too; but Pete did not go back with them, after it, to Lambeth. He never left the hospital again ; for consumption ran a rapid course with him, and before three months were over he died in the ward. — Ihe Argosy. 