HOnSTC OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, December 13.' PROCLAMATION^ ' The House met at 2 o'clock. The Ulkbk read the usual proclamation. ? ? ' NOTICES. . The Hon. J. C. Bray to ask on December It'' ' LTf*' WAUIUCX UV«U VttiAA^it* VAX WUW ABU. YTCVjr line to Cockburn at other than the printed schedule rates? If a concession has been made, to what : Companies, firms, or indivi duals has the concession been made, to what extent, and on what grounds has it been done? Mr. Caatine to ask on December 14 — Will the Government, prior to the closing of the session,, inform the House whether they intend purchasing the annexes of the Ade laide Jubilee Exhibition ; and if so, for what purposes? Mr. Nash to ask on December 14— When does the term for which Brigadier-General Owen was engaged expire ? And do the Go vernment intend to re-engage the General at the termination of his engagement ? Mr. Caldwell to ask on December 14— Will the Government cause all individuals who derive income from moneys lent for public purpoEes to contribute their fair share towards tbe revenue of the colony 1 The Hon. J. O. Bray to ask on December 14— Whether the attention of the Govern ment has been called to tbe increased number of Chinese lately arriving in the Northern Territory, and what steps the Government propo8e.to.take to restrict Chinese immigra tion into that part of the colony ? Mr. Caldwell to ask on December 14— Will the Government grant the prayer contained in the petition from Mr. Cuarles Counsell, presented by the hon. member for Victoria (Mrv Kfichauff) on November 17, having reference to certain land orders ? Mr. Handjside to move on December 14 for one week's leave to Mr. Moulden, on account of urgent private business. Mr. Solomon to move on December 14— That early in the ensuing session I will move for the appointment* of a Select Com mittee of the House to enquire into the state of the electoral, laws now in force in the colony and their administration, with a view to their amendment and consolidation. Mr. Caldwell to move on December 14 — That attention be given to the report and recommendations of tha gentlemen sent to examine the country betweenjfowler's Bay and Eacla. SITTING OF THE HOUSE. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD moved that the HcuEeatita iising adjourn till next day at 2 o'clock. THE SYDNEY STATE BANQUET. Tbe SPEAKER announced the receipt of a telegram from the Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, notifying that members of the House would be indi vidually invited to the State banquet to be held in Sydney on January 26, in celebration of the centenary of Australian settlement. The Hon. T. Playfobd suggested that a telegram of thanks for the invitation should be sent. SESSIONAL COMMITTEES. By suspension of the Standing Orders the Sessional Committees who acted last session were reappointed, EXHIBITION ANNEXES. Mr. CAST1NE— Will the Government prior to the closing of this session inform the House whether they intend to purchase any of the .Exhibition annexpn ? The Hon. T. Platfobd— All I know about the matter is that it has been brought under the attention of the Government, but we have not come to any decision, and are not likely to for some little time. SALE OF RAILWAY TICKETS. Mr. -HORN — H*a -attention- been directed to the number ol advertisements in the daily papers offering railway, tickets for sale, and does the Commissioner of Pablio Works connect ' those, advertisements in any way with the issue of tickets to the un employed? The Hon. A. Catt— I have seen th& advertisements, but have not in any way connected them with the issue of tickets to the unemployed. — THB BIKDTN- HAND COMPANY. Mr. LOLES, to -An HLouus,— The Govern ment have decided to advance to the Bird in-hand Gold- mining Company a farther sum of £1,000, to be paid on the certificate of the Goldfield's Warden. That is to subsidize further expenditure. THE GAWLER POLICE. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD, to Mr. Hopeks —I have seen the report referring to the Gawler police which appears in thia morn - irig'B papers, and I have called the attention of the Commissioner of Police to one of the paragraphs and asked him to make an ex planation. To the Hon. J. C. Beat— I have made enquiries and have ascertained that Leahy denies having made an y snch state ment as that he bad the Commissioner of Police under hia thumb. He says there is not a word of truth in the allegation which is utterly untrue. 1 saw that in writing, but I have asked the Com missioner of Police to make a report to me, aB I have already stated. When I get hia explanation I shall be able to go farther into the question. To Mr. Rees— I should not like to express an opinion offhand as to whether a conspiracy is being worked against Leahy on religious grounds, not having looked into the matter fully. CHINESE IN THE TERRITORY. Mr. HOPKINS— Will the Government send more police protection to the Northern Territory to keep the Chinese in order ? Mr. Johxsou — No. Mr. Solomos— Will the Government bring in this session the Bill recently rejected in reference to the Chinese in the Northern Territory? The Hon. T. Plaxfobd— No. We shall confine this session to one matter. THE REGISTER AND THE RABBIT . : NUISANCE. The Hon. G. C. H&WKER;, on a formal motion, drew attention to the seriousness of the rabbit difficulty. An article which had appeared in the Register from a special correspondent showed to what a fearful ex tent the peat had grown about Teiowie. He had known that a great deal of destruc tion was being done by tha rabbits, but he had not had the slightest conception of the fearful extent to what it had gone till he read this article. The correspon dent gave instance after instance of tbe depredation of the pest. Man who a few weeks ago had expected a most abundant yield had seen their crcp3 de stroyed, and they did not know but what the came thing might occur in other districts. The rabbits came in from Government land. anii tie farmers should receive eome compc: 5 cation from the Government for their loss. Mr. HOLDER waa glad that the matter had again been brought under notice. So ue ueeb.8 ago when he called attention to the extent at the pest, the Com nu&sioiier; of Crown Lands said that the difficulty had been greatly over stated, but if he (Mr. Colee) visited the district referred to he would and that the Reyister's account was not by any means exaggerated. The whole of the coon try eiat cf the fiurra and north to Nackara was in feeted by rabbit*, that were swarming from the yaetoral lands into the agricultural eett'erceiita and doing incalculable mis chief ? to the crops of many fanners. Uoleea the Government ^ at once took sttpa to 'prevent the immense in Box 01 rabbits into the settled land in the North Eat t the rabbits would become aa great a £*!jcue as they were some years ago, and basdred* of acres of wheat would es destroyed. He waa very jtlsui ? -'?-b.o.t .--the-. Government -had sent ciii ciiuiiArs to a number of people callicg on them to destroy the rabbits ou their kind, but rcben they did they should nee that the notice* vere uot treated withcon tercr.t. ??-'? '?' ' -~ '*?? '-'-'' '-'- ? --:?—? - ?? THe Hop. J. C; BRAY said that the matter 1 was very important, and whHene last session urged the Government not to commit th country to any large expense until they ha 1 told the House something about tha peat an ? what steps they intended to take to comba' the nuisance, he thought the account in the Register was somewhat exaggerated, but un doubtedly some steps would have to be taken to prevent more mischief being done on the Eettled lands, and he hoped the Commis sioner of Crown Lands would give the matter his earliest attention. Mr. BAGSTER Eaid whether the report waB an exaggeration or not a great injury was being done by the rabbita to the whole colony. The question of dealing with the nuisance by introducing disease was under consideration, and it appeared to him that the evil tho colony was likely to experience through the rabbits justified almost any means being adopted to exterminate them. The Hon. ? T. PLAYFORD Baid this was one of the moat diffi cult subjects they had to contend with. Various measures had been tried in the past. When the Morgan Ministry waa in office the Commissioner of Crown Lands had to deal with the nuisance in its firBt stages in the neighbourhood of KapundaandBurra. The House, passed a measure which was put in force, and the. Government cleared the whole of the country from Kapunda beyond the Burra up to a certain point. Then un fortunately the House - passed another Bill, and brought in that absurd measure for paying for the scalps of the animals. That Act cost us hundreds of thousands of pounds before it was finished with, and there were as many rabbits in the colony when the operations under the Act were discontinued as there were when they were begun. The way to deal with the nuisance was by the old BilL Every man who had rabbits on his land would have to kill them, and the Govern ment would have to do the same. In the par ticular case referred to there was a strip of country unoccupied, but the Government intended to offer it aa quickly as possible for as much aa it would bring They would get rid of the whole of the country as quickly as they could, and they would ask the District Councils to put the law in force with regard to the destruction of rabbita. He contended that there was only one other way in which the Government could assist the farmers if abso lutely necessary, and that was by helning in the erection of rabbit-proof fencing, and up to the limit of that fence southwards every body would have to destroy the rabbita on their own land. To go to the extent of sending out parties to destroy rabbits at the expense of the Government, as in the past, or by paying for the scalps, would only be throwing away the people's money. Precious little good would be done, and there fore the Government had practically ceased to do anything, because they knew that the result of either process would simply be throwing away the money. The report re ferred to was an obvious exaggeration in some particulars, but he could thoroughly under stand the damage done to the crops. In the neighbourhood of Kapunda, Mr. Moody, a former member of the House, had said that he had had to stop up at night, and tie dogs round his stacks of grain to protect it from the rabbits. He could understand that in the outlying districts next to the pastoral settlements, where rabbits were numerous, some of the farmer? should have their crop3 destroyed ; but the owners of the properties had means of pro tecting themselves. In the western districts cf Victoria he had seen men protecting them selves frcm the rabbita by going to the expense of splitting logs into slab3 and erect iDg them round their property. That wa3 a fearful expense, and we had not the timber to do it. But we could parcha^e the wire-netting, which was cos very expen sive. That wonld protect them against the inroads 0! the rabbita. The gardeners in the hills had to contend with hares. They, however, did not go howling to the Govern ment, but erected wire fences, in some cases round every tree. The Hon. J. C. BRAY— How about the sparrows? (Laughter.) The Hon. T. PLAYFORD had noi troubled the Government 3bout the sparrows. The Government would do all they reasonably could in the matter of the rabbit nuisance, but they would not repeat the costly experi ments of the past. Mr, HOWE did not think the newspaper description was exaggerated. The depreda tions of the rabbits were really extraordinary. He had pressed the necessity of the vermin proof fence suggested by the Premier five months ago, and he was glad that the Govern ment were coming round to his view. Mr. GILES said that many farmers had not been able to pay their rents through the rabbits destroying the crops. The rabbits extended from east of the Burrs to the Blin man, and were rapidly increasing. Unless something was done to assist the selectors on this outside country the land must be thrown up. Mr. HANDYSIDE objected to the debate proceeding, and the matter therefore dropped. ADDRESS IN RKPLY. The Hon. T. PL k\ FORD, following the usual motion, brought up^he Address in reply Bimilar to that in the other House. ? Mr. (xRA'XSCXJT, in moving the adoption of the Address,';, regretted the need for the special session, but the object for which they bad met was to enable them to bring the expenditure within the income, and raise sufficient money to enable them to present; to the world a clear balance- sheet. The finances of the country demanded the additional taxa tion, the imposition of which had necessitated the special session. They would bs wanting in their duty if the Legislative Council were not given another opportunity of passing a measure, the reiection of which would, ac cording to the Treasurer's showing, msan a loss to the revenue of £60,000. Mr. COHEN seconded. While he re gretted that the action of another branch of the Legislature had made it necessary to have the special session, they had no other course open to them after the country had spoken out so strongly in favour of an increase of the land tax. The only object of the Bill was to compel the wealth of the country to submit to its fair proportion of direct taxation in a greater degree than in the past. Our national debt was some £20,000,000, and nearly the whole of that had been spent on roads, railways, bridges, &o; , adding to the wealth of the wealthy and in creasing the value of thelarge estates. Hitherto the wealthy classes had not paid anything like their fair share of taxation, though we had had a deficit for so many years. The Hon. J. C. BRAY thought the special session was a mistake if the object of it were simply to ask them to reconsider the Land and Income Tax Amendment Bill. That was what the mover and seconder of the address in reply said the session was for, but there was nothing to warrant that in the Gover nor's speech. Hon. members seemed to take it for granted that the eame Bili aB rejected last session in the Legislative Council should be passed again, but there was no need for that, and he hoped tb.3 Government intended to amend tbe Land and Income Tax Bill in another direction. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD— No. The Hod. J. C. BRAY— A good many people thought that it was necessary in a special session to pass the Bill in the same form as it was passed last session, and that if the CoudcU did not pass it there would then be a dissolution. There was nothing in that. There could be no dissolution unless the House passed the Bill. Then there was an interval during which a dissolution of the Assembly occurred, and the Bill waspas3ed by the^ House the following session, and again rejected by the Legislative Council. If the Legislative Council refused to pa33 the Bill durirjg the special aession, a3 they plight, no harm was done. Things wonld be in just the same position as they were. He believed that the Legislative Council would again reject the Bill. If they did it would show that they did what they thought was right. Mr. HOM BURG— This ia a distinct issue that was put to the country. The Hod. J. C. BRAY said if it were it should have been brought before them earlier last session. The country un questionably decided that the revenue should be increased by the Land and Income Tax Bill, either by altering it or adopting a pro perty tax. Mr. GLYNN— It was distinctly stated that the 5 per cent, exemption in the income t-x should be struck out J3 The Hon. J. C. BRAY did not tain™.™ He certainly was opposed to the exemption frcm income tax being reduced from £300 to £200. It would double the tiouble to the people of the country as all tradespeople in the colony had to render a return of their income under the present Bill; bat if the amount were reduced a great many more people wonld have to furnish a return. One of the greatest defects in the Bill waa that people who received incomes from other parts of the world did not have to pay any tax at all on them ; thatsbooJd be altered, and the necessary provision should be inserted in the Bill before them. Mr. GRAYSCN— That will camse a lon» discussion and delay the session. The Hon. J. C. BRAY hoped the hon. mtmber would not begrudge a day or two to do what was right. The Bill should be made as perfect as possible. It was not pretended that if the Bill were passed it coald remain as proposed, it would have to be again dealt with next session. He agreed that it was necessary that the Government -would have to postpone making the assessment, because it would be impossible foe them to got a fair SBssEsment to stand for three years at the present time ; but, the other matters in the Bill did not rermire irrmiediate attention^ A far more important matter to the colony, was the neceeBity for restricting Chinese immigra tion to the Northern- Territory. In six months it might be too late to deal with that matter properly. The second clause of the Governor^ Speech, stated— 'I sincely trust that the result of your deliberations may be such that the operations for the current financial year may exhibit a surplus of revenue over expenditure, and thus aid in establishing the fact that previous defects have been occasioned by altogether exceptional circum stances.' Ab a matter of fact the revised state mentoiWayaandMeanaput before themby the Treasurer snowed a surplus revenue over the expenditure. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-No. Dr. COCKBURN— Decidedly it does, £3,000. The Hon. J. C. BRAY said the statement showed that we began with a deficiency of £8,000, and at the end of the year the defi ciency would be £5,000, showing really a sur plus of £3 000. Besides that- he believed that there would be a Burplns, a3 the Treasurer, basing his' calculations on a 7-bushel har vest, estimated his railway- receipts at £799,000. As.it was generally admitted that the harvest would average 10 bushela^ — ('No') — well, it would be 9 bushels to the ^cre— (' No.')— and aa- every additional bushel meant an extra £20,000 in railway receipts' that woald eive them an additional £40,000. He did not object to having a surplus but that should be -got in a proper way- and not by the course proposed by the Government. It wa3 desirable to amend the Land and Income Tax Bill, but the Government had shown no reason why the Bill should be agreed to, and they had nothiDg to show that even if they rushed it through to let the Legislative Council con sider it that House would apree to the BilL He waa sure that it would be very much better for them to devote their attention to re stricting the iDflax of Chinese into the Ter ritory as that was a matter that waa engag ing a large share of attention in all the colonies. He had no desire to impede the progress of business, bat he felt it to be his duty to point out the defects in the Land and Income Tax Act. Dr. COCKBQRN believed that the Legis lative Council thoaght thty had good reason for rejecting the measure during the. last session. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-They were mistaken. Some of them thought they were going to lose only £20,000. Dr. COCKBUBN-No doubt as the Bill had been rejected it behoved the Hoase to scrutinize it carefully to see whether there were any faults in it. During the last session the Council had asserted its power in a manner which wa3 previously unknown of them, and the House would have to see that the Bill was a perfectly good and sound one before sending it on. As long as it was a good one and the House had the country behind it, there would be no fear of the action of the Council. The whole of the provisions of the Bill had not been put before the country. The postponement of the assess ment had not been referred to at the elec tions. No one ever imagined that such a thing would be done, yet it wa3 one of the cardinal features of the measure. No one ever thought there would be a postponement, and even if they did they would have thought; that at the same time a reduction would be made in the rate. The fact that those who were connected with land have been paying extremely high for the past three years was an argument that they should not be com pelled to pay more on the present assessment. He sincerely hoped the Bill would be care fully looked into, and that the Honse weald not take it as a matter of ? course that the Bill was just because it had been passed once during the year. Mr. GILBERT agreed very much with Mr. Bray's remarks. He had never believed in tbe land and income tax, which should be replaced by something better. Mr. REES— Could a new tax have been carried ? That's the question. - The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-Not the ghost of a chance. Mr. GILBERT would, however, vote for the Bill, because he was anxious to make the year's accounts balance. The Council had thrown the measure out through a misappre hension about the real state of the accounts. The sensation of having a surplus balance would be something well worth experiencing. Sir JOHN DOWNER supported the Go vernment. He had voted for the Taxation Bill when it was last before the House, and he had neither heard nor seen anything which would induce him now to take an opposite view. So far as the Upper House were con cerned, if he thought that there was some doubt aB to whether they would adhere to theii previous decision he r.greed that it wonld ba a waste of time to proceed with the Bill, but he did not entertain that opinion. On the contrary, he was under the impression that certain mem bers of the Council would not pursue the same line of action as they did before, and that the Bill would become law. In that hope and in that belief he intended to support the measure. Though it might work some injustices, and though it might be unfair to continue an assessment which it waa understood was to be altered every three years, he could not help remembering that when he first came back to the House after hiB vkit to England he saw every probability of it being a certainty that the land tax would have to be increased, and one contingency that prevented that was the passing of a tariff which the Assembly had agreed to, not with a view of increasing the revenue, but to assist local industries. He had supported that measure, however, partly beca'use he be lieved it would promote local industries, but incidentally be bad said — and he laid par ticular stress_ on the fact— that it would have the efiect of increasing our revenue, and re move from us the disgrace of showing a bad balance-sheet. The same point of view which influenced him then influenced him now, and he would support the Bill. Carried. The sitting was suspended for a short time to allo^v of the presentation of the Address to the Governor. TAXATION AMENDMENT BILL. The Standing Orders having been sus pended the House went into Committee of Ways and Means. ? The Hon. T. PLAYFORD moved— 'That it is desirable to amend the Taxation Act of 1884.' The principles on which the Govern ment propoEed to amend the Act were pre cisely the Bame as that contained in the Bill which was carried during the late session. The first was tbe postponement of the assess ment. In speaking to the House last session he announced that he would ask members to agree to a postponement of the assessment, because of the difficulty at present of ascer taining the value of land. Admitting that the assessment now waa considerably too high, to attempt to alter it at thetime origi nally intended would be to do it at a time when the value could not be estimated. It was said that if tha assessment were post poned the rate should be made lower, bat lowering it would necessitate an extra tax of a farthing or a halfpenny in the pound being put on, and the Government said, taking all the circumstances into consideration, that as they required all the revenue which was obtained last year from land, it ?would be better to wait ior another year until land values got into a more stable condition before they revised the assessment. The next point in which it was proposed to alter the present law was to provide that the 5 per cent, exemption which a man was allowed to make in income tax on account of the land tax sboold be removed. That waa a question which waB more fully debated and looked into by the different constituencies than any other matter affecting taxation, and it was a point upon which tnere waa unanimity of opinion expressed throughout the length and breadth of the land. He had heard or read the speeches when the elections were going on, but did not rnmember an instancs where anybody suggested an objection to that pro posal. It was supported universally through the country, and the Government had in claded it in this BilL The next point was the reduction from £300 to £200 as the taxable basis under the income tax. That was a wise reduction. It would bring within the scope of the Bill people who could_ afford to pay somethlne towards the taxation of the country ; £200 was a fair income to begin with. When a man had over £4 a week to live upon he could afford to pay a trifle towards the taxation from what he had over the £200. That would bring in a considerable increase to the revenue.^ The next alteration was that Companies should pay a ?uniform rats of 6d. instead of 6d. and 3d., as at present. For instance, he would refer to two Com panies, a Bank and the East-End Market Company. The Market Company had to pay at the rate of 6d., but the Bank only at the 3d. rate, and ther6 was no reason why one should pay more than another. The various institutions should be placed upon the same footing. Those were the four points upon which it was proposed to make alterations, and the Government desired to keep tha Bill entirely on the lines of the one which was passed during the last session. When the Bill was before the House he would make a statement as to the poiitinn of the country. ££jgi*9*f| The Hon. J. G. BRAY would not offer any objection at this stage. He did not know whether the Treasurer intended to lay a revised statement of Ways and Means before the House, but without such a statement how could he tell the House that his balance sheet did not show a surplus ? His last rjgeres distinctly showed that ^USSiSfiZS The Hon. T. PLAYFOfiD— No ; that waa not putting the matter fail ly. Mr. Bray took oft tee £8,795 put down as the balance of the deficit to be paid out of revenue, though that was a legitimate expenditure in all senses of the word. That waa aa- much a debt aa any other amount was a debt. It ought notto be taken off the balance-sheet, bat should be met straightforwardly and honestly. To say, therefore, that by leaving that £8,795- off a credit balance of £3,000 appeared waa not a fair way to put the matter. . Mr. GILBERT— Why not put all the deficit on the balance-sheet in the same way ? Iheflon. T. PLAYFORD— Because it was usual and wise to float Treasury bills in respect to the larger sum for even money. The House should remember that the Trea surer's revised Ways and Means were really all on paper— merely the paper estimate of the Treasurer. Other Treasurers during the last five years in their estimates had all been wrong. They always had on paper a credit of £13,000 or £50,000, and in one Instance up to £100,000, but their estimates were never realized. Their years closed with a farther deficit. It would npt be safe for the House with the experience it had had to guide it to go into recess without having made full and ample provision for the year. - - The resolutions were carried, and the Bill was introduced and read a first time. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD is moving the second reading said:— On December 6 last I laid on the table the revised Ways: and Means, in which I showed a debit balance of £5,791 ; I also showed that if th» Bill we have, under consideration is not passed I shall have to provide £5,000 for making new' the land assessment.' .A news paper correspondent under the name, of -' Paul Pry,' has made erroneous statements in relation to this assessment. If any one says that all necessary preliminaries for making the assessment have been arranged, he says what is utterly untrue. No expense baa been incurred whatever upon such a thing, and no preparations have been made. I Bhowed a debit balance of £5,791 which would be increased by £5,000 if the assessment was required ; and I also showed that at least £30,000 would be required to adjuBt the Northern Territory accounts. As regards that £30,000 there is not the slightest doubt about its being wanted. The Hon. J. C. BRAY— You will have un expended balances to that amount. The Hon. T. PLAYFOBD-Oh that would be met by the excesses. You can generally argue that the unexpended balances on vote3 will be met by the excesses, so that the one will be a credit and the other a debit, and neither need be taken into account. I wish to point out to tho House ho n the revenue has been coming in during the five months of the year which have passed. The revenue dnring that five montbs, I think, would be a good criterion of what is going to be the re venue for the year, on certain lines at any rate. Isent a memorandum to my Secretary, Mr. Sholl, asking particulars of the estimated revenue from land for the year, and what amount had been received up to the end of November, and the same particulars with regard to Customa, post and telegraph, stamps, and railways. These were the heaviest items of our revenue. We estimated to receive for the year from land sales £124,930. We have received for ths five months £21,135. We ought to have received £52,054. The Hon. J. C. BRAY — You never expected to do that though. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD- Frora rents for the year we estimated to receive £180,000. We leceived to the end of November £57,819. Weonght to havereceived £75,021. Tbismake3 the total estimates for land , £304,950, and the . total receipts to the end of November £78,954. From Customs we estimated to receive £490,000. To the end of November we had received £230,791. The average for the five months would be £204,166, so that we have £26,000 over the estimate. But for two months the Customs' revenue was abnormal before the revision of the tariff, and in consequence of this nearly £70,000 for one month was obtained.' Last month the receipts were small— only £37,000— and for the last three montbs they nave been a great deal smaller than expected, and it is only the first that have brought them on so well. As to the revenue from railways my estimate was £800,000. We have received £310,239, we ought to have received £333,330. The Hon. J. C. BRAY— You never received so much during the first five months. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD- No ; and we never expect to receive it, and if we did not make up in the rest of the year it would be a bad thing for us. It was the heavy wool traffic, which was about double that of the first five months of any previous year, which brought the amount up. Post and Telegraphs we estimated at £197,000. We have received for the first five months £81,060. We ought to have received £82,083. There is only a difference of £1,000, so that we are very close to the average, and my estimate has every likelihood of being realized. For stamp duties £28,000 was my original estimate, but thia I reduced to £34,000. The actual receipts to November 30 were £12,871. They ought to have been £14,166, and it is doubtful if we shall receive as much aa we expected. Taking the total revenue from all sources we estimated it at £2,213,258. We have actually received for the five months which have passed £809,382. On the average basis that onght to have been £922,191, so that we are about £112,000 below the average. TheD, pf course, there is no income tax or land tax in that. Mr. ROUNSEVELL— And no licences. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD-No. Mr. ROUNSEVELL— And no rents; The Hon. T. PLAYFOED-WeU, a lot of rents had been paid to the end of November. 1 think hon. members will agree that my estimates are coming out fairly welL I may have a tlight excess in railways. Mr. RO UK SEVEL L— Last month's amount must have been very heavy. The Hon. T. PLAYFORD— Ay ; but wool brought that up. The wool cramc has been exceptionally good. Railwaya may be ex ceeded ; Customs, too, may be exceeded, but I do not expect by very much. Nobody has been more deceived about the Customs revenue than late Treasurers, and although Btocks are low the people of this colony have within the last few years learnt a lesson in economy which they will not forget easily, and the Customs will not bring up the revenue to any great extent. I expect a deficiency in the land revenue, and I am doubtful whether the stamp dutie3 wiil realize the estimate. So taking tbe land revenue and the stamp duties on the one hand, and the Customa and railwaya on the other, 1 balance one against the other. I say that my estimates are fair, neither in flated on the one hand nor depressed on the other. The revenue we shall lose if this Bill is defeated will be £20,000 on the in the income tax. There is £10,000 by taking off the 5 percent, exemptions. There is another amount through reducing the income exemption from £300 to £200, and another through making all Companies pay 6d. We estimate the losa will b3 £10,000 on the 5 per cent, exemptions ; £7,500 through lowering the rate from £300 to £200; and £2,500 in connection with the Companies. Then the land tax receipts we estimate would be reduced by over £30|000 if the Bill were lost. We anticipated to receive with the same assessment and rate of taxation £94,000. If we have to make a new assess ment at least one-tbird of the rated value will come off the assessment, so the losa will be over £30,000. This will make the total loss about £55,000. Then we have, in addition to this, £5,000 increased expense of making the new assessment, making a total of £60,000 loss if the Bill is not carried. We cannot afford this Ioes, because the chances are that we ebal_l have a deficiency without that money. During the last three or four years Treasurers have always had a fair and in most cases sufficient excuse for their revenue not coming up to expectations owing to the abnormally bad seasons. They have had to estimate on an average seasoD, but the seasons have been btlow the average. Now we have a better than ordinary harvest, with good yields of wool and wheat, and a spurt in the mining industry, and we should make our revenue and' expenditure balance and have a surplus to the good. We should be farther disgraced in the eyes of the world if we do not, and it behoves us above all things to so arrange our finances that, taking a fair view of the situation, without being inflated on the one hand or depressed on the other, we shall be able to Bay ' we have fairly, honourably, and honestly made the revenue and expenditure balance, that we have done all we can this year to meet the necessities of the case fairly and manfully.' Then I will point out the responsibilities relating to the finances of the colony really rests with the Ministry of the day. We bring in our proposals to deal with the finances, and when the Assembly passes the proposals and gives effect to them by Bill upon us rests the responsibility. When the House of Assembly agreed to passing the proposals of the Government, ^loaa the other place can show that we have been mistaken in our estimates, or that the conclusions we have arrived at are wrong conclusions, they ought to accept the position, and not _ take upon them selves the responsibility of the financial position of the colony. By refusing to pass this Bill they would practically take upon themselves that responsibility. The Ministry and Assembly say ' we want in thi3 way to make the revenue and expenses balance, and it is necessary.31 The other branch of tbe Legislature says ' we will not go with you ; it is not necessary.' That is not the proper position for them to take, and had they had time to consider the matter on a previous occasion — for the division was hurried — they would have come to a different conclu&ion.; We have a plain duty to the country in this matter. We say it is neces sary to pasa thia legislation, and that we ocght to give another chance to the other branch of the Legislature to consider it Unless we- get this additional revenue the chances are that we shall have a deficit. There ia only- jane-other :point.Xwiah-ta aUude.to— that raiEed by Mr. Bray, Jhat the income tax -loes not provide lor people receiving incomes from other places paying the tax here. That provision should be made. In England you have to pay, and I do not eee why it should not be the law here ; bat I see no argent reason for making the alteration now and I would ask Mr. Bray not to propose his amendment to-day. This question will most likely have to be considered next session, and he should defer: any amendment till then. If we ' do not * interfere with the Bill it will be something to show the Legis lative Council that we feel strongly on the point; and they will be more likely to carry it than if any amendment is made, I move the second reading of the Bill. The Hon.. J. CT BRAY, agreed that gene rally the Treasurers estimates were fair, but he Had understated the revenue from Cus toms by at lsast £50,000. He said ne had re ceived £230,000 during the last five months in Customs duties, and while admitting that the receipt' dnring November waa very low no leaa than £37,000 had been received. Taking that low estimate as the amount that would by received during the next seven months it gave them £259,000 more, or within £1,000 of the Treasurer's estimate. He believed, also, his revenue, from- railways would bo £50,000 more than estimated, but he would like Mr. Coles to show why he' had adviaed the Trea surer to estimate tha receipts from laud at £124,000 while up to the present he had only received £20,000. That was the weakest line of all those estimated by the Treasurer, but if all the arrears were paid up thia year he did not know that it would be much below the estimate. He hoped aa the matter would be under consideration next year the matter would be* fully gone into and the best form of taxation adopted. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ROUNSEVELL thought if. 'the BUI were passed at all it should be sent up just as it waa before. He did not agree that the reasons the Treasurer had given were alto gether satisfactory, but if -the measure were at all amended it might take the Legislative Council by surprise. He agreed with all the provisions of the Bill except the postpone ment of the assessment. He could ODly justify that on the ground that it was im possible now to make the assessment, and secondly that it was inexpedient to do so. He strongly objected to the proposal of Mr. Bray to tax incomes derived out of the colony. We ought to be very glad to get the money Bpent here. Mr. LiNDSEER justified the astion of the Government, as the Bill waa necessary to enable ns to place our finances in a proper position, and the general elections had shown that the House must impose additional taxes on the wealthy. He objected to the amend ment, but if the Legislative Council per sisted in refusing to pay the tax proposed by the House he would support the New Zealand Echeme of a property tax. '. :p Dr. COCKBDB.N was strongly of opinion that if by amending the Bill they could make it better, they should do so, and not consider the question of sending it up to the Council just as it was before. He objected to land being made to pay all taxation, and asserted that the recision of the 5 per cent, exemption would simply mean compelling the pro ducers of the colony to pay a tax twica over. There could be no fairer tax than a pro perty tax, and he hoped the time was not far distant when the burden of taxation would be more equally distributed. He did object to the reduction of the liability fo income tax from £300 to £200, as by thi; means- many fanners who for years had gos no income, would be compelled to pay now in the first year, when a little money was made out of the land. He characterized the alteration in the time of payment of the land and income tax from May 14 to February 14, 'because then the farmers might be supposed to have it,' as an insult; but while protesting against the Bill he would no stand against the second reading, although he hoped it would be made as perfect as possible. Mr. GLY'N'N objected to the question of a property tax being raised, but eaid the country was generally agreed that the 5 per cent, exemption should be removed, as its continuance only benefitted the wealtuy speculator. The 5 per cent, exemption was allowed as it was supposed to represent the average income from land. If land of a capital value - of £10,000 paid no income it was not because of its unproductive nature, but, because it was not used. As the session had been particularly called to pass the Bill he ,hoped it would be passed without alteration Mr. HUSSEY rose amid cries of ' divide.' He said that the revenue and expenditure should be met, and for that reason he sup ported the Bill, though he was strongly in favour of a property tax. At the same time the Treasurer had not been so economical a3 hs might have been. The Hon. G. C. HAWKER moved that the House do now divide. Carried. The second reading was passed without division. In Committee. Clause 1 passed. Clause 2— 'Amendment of section 12 of Taxation Act.' The Hon. J. C. Beat moved to strike out paragraph 2, fie opposed the reduction of the exemption under the income tax from £300 to £200 Dr. Cockbubn sup ported. Mr. Buegotne said that two sessions ago he would have been in favour of the reduction of the exemption, but under the altered circumstances of forcing increased taxation he opposed it, and supported the amendment. The income tax was uncertain and inequitable, and he favoured in pre ference a property tax. The Hon. T. Play fobd said all political economists had admitted that the income tax waa most equitable ; £200 per year was a very good income for any man, and persona in receipt of over that could well afford to pay on the additional sum. Mr. Schebk' re gretted he could not support the amend ment, as the reduction meant so large an increased revenue. He strongly opposed a property tax as being most unfair, in quisitorial, and unworkable. Amendment negatived. Clause passed. Clauses 3 to 7 passed. Clause 8. ' The Local Court of full jurisdiction nearest in a direct lina to the land assessed shall be the Court of Appeal to hear and determine all appeals from any assessment of land.' The Hon. J. C. Bkay moved to add ' or in the option of the taxpayer the Local Court of Adelaide,' so as to give the appellant the right to choose which Court he would appeal to. Mr. Kingston opposed the amendment. After discussion with the Commissioner of Taxes the Government were satisfied that for the purpose of securing uniformity there should be one Court and one Court alone for settling appeals. Those residing in a certain district were the best judges of what was the value of the land in the district. The Hon. J. C. Bray said the Commissioner of Taxes had recom mended that the appeals should be made in tbe Local Court of 'Adelaide. It was ex tremely unfair that a person residing ia Adelaide and owning land in Mount Gambier or Port Lincoln, for instance, should be com pelled to go to those places to make his appeal. Sir Jobs Downee agreed with the amendment, as the appeal should be at the option of the appellant. Mr. Mathnson thought the appellant should have the right to say whether he would make his appeal to the Local Court of Adelaide or to the nearest Local Court. Amendment carried. Clause aa amended passed. Standing Orders sus pended, and Bill passed through its remain ing stages. ADJOURNMENT. The House at 6 o'clock adjourned until next day at 2 p.m. 