W THE SOUTH SEAS. BY "THE VAGABOND." beachcombers and traders. We nrc bound from Windward to the west, like the early Masons, in quest of a lost secret. But sailing in tho South Seas is far different to steaming along the Australian coasts. We are at trio mercy of winds and calms and cur rents. Many times we put down the anchor, Wany times I go ashore, many times tho boach- comber comes on board. In this soven weeks in the Windward Ho I learn more of thc|nativcs and the whites in the New - Hebrides than would bo possiblo to an ordinary traveller by ordinary means. The beachcomber is of all nationalities. He is quite different to those "who scorn delights and live laborious days," the aim of bis cxistcnco generally- being to do «s little ns possible, have a daughter of the land for his mate, and consume ns much square gin as ho can get. The beachcomber in tho New Hebrides subsists as a copra maker, paying the natives for manufacturing the nrticle which he collects and sells to passing vessels, llis paymout is generally in "trade," tobacco, calico, meats, biscuit aud gin. Very seldom has bo any money, which is of no uso to him. Some, however, attempt to mako n "stocking." Smith, of New York, ex-mariner, ex-railway navvy in Queensland, who is stationed on Sukau on Api, has a store of coin, which lie buries in the ground in an iron pot. If Smith is killed, or dies of the fever, bis treasure will bo lost, in future ages to perchance become a curious trove. Smith is educated, like all, Americans, aud talks largely of European politics. Very different arc some of the beachcombers who conio off at various places. In tbeso seas it is the code to treat every white man with tho hospitality which in tho old days in Australia was extended to every one in tins lmsh, whether in squatter's house or shepherd's hut. Bit and sup aud a lilnuket, and 110 questions asked, formed tho rule, when outsido file limits of Clio few towns. As the beachcombers ashore offer me what they have got, their best, if only a roast yam, so on board ship they arc welcomed. I learn a very .great deal in this was-, but I suffer a little. A scouudrcl is not less a scoundrel for being ofgcntlcmaulydcmeauor, but bo isamucb nicer travelling companion. There are times wlieu ouo is not particular. When bullets are flying aud kuives flashiug, one doesn't specu late a) to whether one's companion pronounces bis h's, cats peas with bis knife, or is careful where he expectorates. But iu the piping times of peaceful days, oven a man who would be a true mate iu a row may offend nil your social prejudices, and the scouudrcl who is also a boor is very obnoxious. Cue Sunday off Api I have a very rough time of it. A Russian Emu and his German comrade come on board and give me the benefit of their society and conversation. 1 never saw two such murderous looking rufiiaus iu my life. And when the Finn lias an attack of fever and remains iu the cabin lying on the settee opposito to me, groaning and moaning for bis crimes during the night, I have no pity for him, but am tilled with loathiug. A far bolter fellow is little Joe Marion, a Portuguese half caste, whom his father's blood makes polite, and even gentlemanly. Joe docs not wish to sleep iu the cabin, but to tako bis place with the " boys " forward. Joe is quite a man of importance for a beachcomber, lie has a number of boys at work making copra, hiring them from Mullicolo for one year for pay ment of a musket each, aud their " tucker "of yams aud faro, Wretched littlo heathens are these Mallicolo lads j hut they work lmrd. Joe, through bis mother's blood, manages to get on well with them. He accompanies us from Api to Mallicolo — a day's sail. Thcro is only one missionary on tho former islaud, a place where, with the exception of Tanna, there have been more murders and massacres of white men that on any other of the New Heb rides group. Both English aud I-'rcucli men of war bavo mado efforts to punish tbo natives here. There arc Ereucb beachcombers iu Api as elsewhere, but no military post has been established here. It is only nt Havanuah Har bor and Port Sandwich, the two best harbors, that the soldiers liavo been settled. Some time back a trader in the service of tho New Hebrides Company of New Caledonia was killed just beyond the l'orelaml of Api, a well known landmark north of Hie mission station. This man was a liberated convict, and I daresay deserved his fate ; at least, on general principles, one may imagine so. A gunboat from Noumea was sent to punish the natives, with a crow swelled by the addition of 40 Lifu islanders and a Dutch beachcomber as pilot and guide. This man, who was a living cbarncl bouse, described to mo boaslingly bow, when they lauded, the French commander said to him, " Take the Lifu boys, go up to the village, kill tbo lot, and you shall be rewarded." Then the Dutchman and tbo Lifu natives followed the bush track to tbo village till the latter declined to go further and massacro people with whom tboy bad no quarrel. "They paid me 10 francs a day," said Dutch Charley, " and 1 should bavo got moro but for the Lifu boys backing out." "What business was it of yours?" I asked; " You'ro not a Frenchman, and it wasn't any mate of yours who wus killed!" "But they were going to pay me," said practical Dutch Charley. I told him be ought to have been hanged for doing tbo dirty work of tbo French, which they were too cowardly to undertake, and which even natives would not carry out. This ovening, off tho Foreland of Api, is ono to long remember. I view the most beautiful sunset I have seen in southern seas. The palm covered hills arc tinged with roso color, which more strongly defines tho deep shadows covering tho hollows dimpled in tho slopes. Thcro is a rosy flash all around tbo horizon, then this fades to lavender tint, which mingles into an electric bine, again melting into deep olive. Then tho sun sinks, and starry night rules supreme. But tho early morn in tho New Hebrides is even more beautiful. Keeping my watch on deck, I see sunrises more magnifi cent thou man e'er dreamt of, sunrises to which even that I described from tho heights of Beaconsfield pall in color and beauty. I give one example. A dead, dull sea, the moon just going down in the west beyond Mallicolo, the stars laintly glimmering in tnc ciouucu heavens. Eastward, beyond Pentecost's Islo, is a dark bank of clouds. Over Ambrym a rosy hue in the . sky, from the fire of the great volcano bcueath. Here and there, all around the horizon, arc faint outlines of land. Suddenly, with a flash like that of lightning, the uppermost edges of tho highest clouds east- ward are surmouuted by a belt of red flame. It shines out strongly through the mirk. It lengthens aud broadens with gradations of color and shade from fretted silver to molten copper. Here I can find no similo from Lindsay Gordon. No such homely phrase as " the redd'ning of apples, tho ripening of rye," can bo applied here. Bather we of religious training think of tho sacred light which would shino from tbo Golden Heavenly City, whose bulwarks are of jasper and streets arc of emerald, and whoso walls are studded with amethyst and sardius and topaz. We all think of Heaven as a material place, except the Buddhists, who alone believe in tho pure Nirvana of the Spirit. Om mane padmc hum. For the space of half an hour (he eastward clouds ore so brighten?!, then light spreads over the sky. Ambrym pales like n candle in tho sun, tho cloud above it has no longer color or light. Then all around, touching up every isle tinging every hill, are the lines of rose uud olive. High, cone-shaped Lopevi is aft, for ward is Espiritu Santo, the southern land of the Holy Ghost. If old Quiros first saw it on such a morning as this he might well so name it. Under such conditions Jhis . does indeed seem as if approaching a heavenly couutry. I think of the last sunrise I saw in Australia, in' company with my trusty legal adviser. Then this " brightest aud best of the suns of the morning " brings to mind the hymn, one of tho Licdcr o/mr, movie, which 1 sang last time I wcut to church iu Gippsland. But. I heard this again , in London last year, in tho quiet Savoy Chapel lloyal, tho night after Mr.1 John 'RttdclifTo so gracefully thanked all' his Australian friends and sent them greeting from his scat as chairman of a Savago Club dinner. As I walked iu tho Savoy Church yard I gave Sirs. Pearce as great a surpriso as when, in the character of tho Alfred Hospital "hall porter," . I appeared nt licr house iu Sonth Yarra to ask for n clergyman's aid for a dying mnn. And as I listened to tho Rev. W. P. Pcarce's sermon in the clmrcb, owned ns private property by her Majesty, as Duchess of Lancaster, my thoughts-went hack to Christ Church and Melbourne suburbs, ns now mino wander both to England and Australia. Yet here, after this daybrcnk in the New Hebrides, I meet with au old acquaintance — a much more extraordinary rencontre than that with Hie late popular preacher at St. Paul's Pro-Cathedral. Wo aro beating along tho const of Mallicolo towards Port Sandwich, where tho French troops are camped to "protect tho French colonists from tho outrages of tho natives." Tho Frenchmen on Mallicolo are two or three beachcombers, a trader at the storo of the Now Hebrides Company and two Mnrist priests lately established on the west side of the island in opposition to tho two missionaries supported from Victoria, Messrs. Leggaft aud Morcton. The expense of ono of these stations falls ou the Prcsbytcrinu Church of Victoria ; the cost of tho other one, known as tho " Amy Gertrude Russell station " is entirely dc- aofrayod by Mr. Russell in memory of n young lady who in lior child hood had taken great interest in mis sionary work. It would interest me very much to see how tlicso stations are getting ou ; but as the Brethren liavo only just been settled here it would be hardly fair to criticiso lliem Messrs. Leggatt aud Morcton, 1 am afraid, will not have a good time of it. They aro new chums from Scotland, have to learn the language aud customs of the natives, aud to conlenil against the influence of the adjacent French posts of soldiers and Freuch beach combers and French priests. I think I have said that which is right and just of the Mnrist Fathers iu the South Seas. I give my tribute to tbo heroic nay, sublime self denial of some of tho Sisters and Priests, who, in our own days, have shown themselves true saints of the church. Father Dutuiens, who has passed 12 years of his life in the leper settlement in Hawaii, should lie canonised. So, too, should Father Ryan, who somo years back wc.it to cholera stricken Memphis when it was deserted by all but tho dying, to whom he was doctor, nurse and priest. Strange tluit tho other day iu Melbouruo I should meet a friend of Father Ryau iu the person of Mr. .1. E. M. Vincout. I dure say (here are some gocd men amongst tho Marists scut lo the New Hebrides who, iu case of need, would emulate the examples above cited. Still they have no busiucss here. The Cross of Christ and the Sword oi Stale are nliko being used by tho wire pullers of the New Hebrides Company iu manufacturing " French interests" iu these islands. When last year the Presbyterian Mission Synod purchased laud from the natives to build missiou houses a-iil churches on this west coast of Mullicolo, tho Marist priests camo aud took .up quarters along side their selections. Dirseusion and dispute are sure to arise here as between the sects aud creeds in tho Loyalty Islands, and in Samoa and Tonga. Auy quarrel between the two congregations would givo au cxcuso for flic French troops to interfere and annex Mallicolo. Tho nutivcs'as yet are not Christianised in any shape oi form. As regards religion tlicy liavo no preference, hut the Murist priests- belonging to tile Mun-a-wce-wcc are looked upon with suspicion, and as men with out wiyes or children are generally, regarded with contempt. " I always think that Nature's plan is not complete without a man," siugs La Fillc du Tambour Major. In the South Seas this axiom is reversed. The man who lias not a female mate to be his drudge and slave is considered to lie a poor sort of being. Tho Protcslaiit missionaries, who aro always married, aud generally have many babies around their homes, iuspiro respect from their domestic virtues. The poor Marist priest, who may be a better Christian, loses baste in the eyes of tho natives through his state of celibacy. To them bo is not of moro account than the beachcomber. All theso tilings I discover from the talk of the men who come on hoard, and whom I see on slioro near the missionary houses. Wo stop hero to land a "hoy," who for seven years has been working for the French New Hebrides Com pany on their plantation at Port Vila. His payment for this service was a gun, soma ammunition, a littlo calico and a fow pounds of tobacco. About £4 worth altogether! Tho French captain who asked us to land this native had perhaps his own reasons for not returning to this village. The difference between the treatment of tlio labor hands on the French plantations and those in Fiji and Queensland, even supposing that the French ships do not kidnap the "boys," is all in favor of the English possessions. This had treatment has incensed the natives of Mallicolo against tho French, aud of Into years there liavo been many mas sacres of beachcombers employed by tho Now Hebrides Company on this island, amongst them two old acquaintances of mino on Api — Joe Booth and Brocky Peter. Mallicolo is a tborongh heathen island, in which the misssionary is but tho newcomer of yesterday, although the labor vessels of Queens land und-Fiji -have for years traded along these shores. In spito of missionary "blow," Iho trader has always been ahead in the South Seas. I do not say that ho has acted altogether as a moral agent, but ho has been here, and has risked his life in worldly pursuits as much as tho missionary bos in the Sacred Cause which he has, or is supposed to -have, at heart. Only when the missionary at the first chanco abandons " the field," and gets a good cure of souls in Australia, ono is apt sometimes to doubt whether his motives are higher than the beachcomber's. In Malli- no murder. It is their custom amoDgst themselves to take lifo freely, and the possession of arms and immunity from punishment bavo of late years mado them lose dread of tho whites. The French, however, bavo shelled many villages, and tho Germans took a bloody reprisal for the death of a trader established on tho coast of Mallicolo by the " South Sea Islaud and Plantation Company" of Samoa aod Hamburg. Dutch Charley piloted tho Albatross to tho hcacli near the village where this man was killed. The natives, men, women and childreu, crowded on the shore. " Is this tho place ?" asked tho captain, laconically. "Yes," said Cborloy. The German gunboat steamed close ia, the gnns all loaded with shell, the men lying down behind the bulwarks with their repeating rifles. Tho anchor was dropped, and tho ship swung round till her broadside faced the beach. Tlicu, at tho signal, Krupp and Nordenfelt uud needle gun flushed flaming death upon the curious natives. , Dutch. Charloy. narrates with glee how he saw the "arms and legs flying about. " He inay he exaggerating ; there is no record of this other tliuu tlio log hook of the German .man' of war, but it is. certain a deadly' retribution was exacted on Mallicolo) aod aleo on the island of Pentecost, where exactly the same tactics . were pursued, the natives being shot down whilst crowding curiously to the shore. I should not liko to fall under tho tender mercies of the com mander of tho Albatross. I travelled with this gentleman from San Francisco to Tutuila, in the Sameao group, wliero liis vessel lay last November. Ho had just been on a flying visit to Berlin for special orders, only passing 24 hours in the capital. He was tho one man on board the Mariposa who hardly ever opened his lips except to drink beer. Ono vcr goes ashore nt a place like Malli colo unarmed. With my two bowors, Jack and Charley, tho Loyalty Island hoys, 1 always feel safe. The Lifu and Mare boys are braver uud pluckier than any natives of tho Now Heb rides. Theso aro cowardly if bloodthirsty. When we return from shore and tack abont for Port Sandwich, lam enabled to study n cowardly murderer amongst our own crew. This is a great big sulky fellow known ns Alick. Ho is hiding behind tho tauk when 1 give tho otdcr " Come aft to the main sheet."' When ho docs mount tho stops of tho poop I sco that ho is in a sweat of fear. " What's tho matter, you fool ?" " Man lie shoot," is the reply, point ing to ono of tho canoes astern, anil getting belaud me. Iu theso canoes, tho occupants of which had been ' on hoard in friendly converse, thcro are some men holdiug their Snider rifles in a suspicious manner. " Man he kill me," says Alick. " What for ?" I ask. " I kill woman belong a him," replies the trembling murderer. It seems that Alick had belonged to this village, auti, as he confessed, killed tho wife of ono of tho natives and then fled in a labor ship to IlavannaU Harbor aud taken scrvico with Macleod, When wo went ashoro somo of tho boat's crew had told tho husband that Alick was on board,- and they had come off to take a chanco of potliug liiin. I daresay he deserved it, hut it might lead to con siderable trouble, so I send Alick bclow atul with all tlio authority of ono wearing the uniform of the lloyal Yucht Clnb of Victoria speak loudly from the poop and order the cimoo men to put down their rifles and sheer off, or the vcugeanco of tho Albatross will ho as nothing to that of the Windward IIo. Yet I do not know if I am doiug right. Alick, by his own account, is a cowardly murderer. But, then, they are all murderers here. And ho may repent, &c.;, &c.; In tho mcnutimo I' will make his lifo miserable by sending biin up aloft ns much as possible, a proceeding which ho is very much afraid of. I have given up my commission as Judgo Lynch, which I held when I tried the chief Juno at Tnona for threatening the lite of my mate, Gotlfrcy Kyhu, or 1 might now try Alick. Resides, after all, he's a hand on hoard the ship, aud even if a murderer is useful. But Alick will come to a had end somo day, aud I shall not grieve. The coast of Mallicolo consists of rolling hills not uulikc many parts of Australia, except that it is much greener. Thcro are not so many cocouuuts on this islaud, and it is not n good placo for copra makers. But Port Sand wich will always be a place of call fur vessels trading iu these seas. This is a miniature Sydney Harbor, except that tho luxuriant foliage of the tropics enhances the beauties of foini. We have just cast anchor when wo aro boarded by a tall sturdy young gcntlomau, who " bosses " his boat's crew as if lo tho manner born. Those who know Mr. Leo Walker ns a boy at tho Wolverhampton Grammar School, those who afterwards knew him as a sauutcrcr ou tho block iu Melbourne uud Syd ney, would ho very much surprised to" sco what removal to a new con dition of life will do for' u mun. The necessity for self-reliance, never needed iu our civilisation, will iu the South Seas bring out unsuspected qualities. Mr. Lee Wulker is now oue of the few representatives of English interests, outside missionary ones, iu tlio Now Hebrides. After Captain Macleod's ho has tlio finest buildiiig iu the islands — a great erection of fialvuuised iron, situated ou a bluff iusido the harbor of Port Sandwich, facing seawards to the south-west. When tho sua strikes the roof it is visiblo many miles off. Aud the English flag floats hero all day in opposition to the French tricolor on tho other side of - the harbor. Hero tho Queens land ship3 make rendezvous und lake iu stores, and buy vegetables from Mr. Walker, who 1ms cleared a flue garden of some acres and grows cabbages for 'English sailors, and experiments in tobacco and other tropical productions. What will it best pay to grow here on Mallicolo is n question not yot decided. Rut tho Eng lishman has land ull along tho Erskino River flowing into this Ray, which will grow "most anything in tho world." Tho only thing needed is communication with Australia by a steamer to tho centre of tlio group ut Havannah Harbor. Very hearty hospitality is shown to us by Mr. Walker — tbo fatted fowls aro killed, tbo uricu pulm laid low for salad. Wo tulk of his nativo couaty, which I passed through the other day. Wo turn over his photograph hooks, und here, on a cannibal island, I sen tho " counterfeit presentment " of old friends. And we smoke on tlio tcrraco in front of tho store to wntcb tbo antics of tlio monkey Jocko, which is the perpetual wonder of tho natives, and tho delight of tbo Freuch soldiers, who duily cross tho bay to make their purchusos with " Monsieur Valkerrc." This young Englishman has mado himself so popular hero that daily tho French officers row ovor and tako their absinthe with him in a morning, ho visiting tlieir quarters at the camp in the afternoon. 1 meet tho commandant and the doctor under Mr. Walker's roof, and so am invited to visit them. The French camp is situated in a laud locked cove on tho sonth sido of tho bay. A strotch of' sandy beaeli, 6wampjr ground beyond, then low hills. Not a breath of air con reach this place ; it is a lover trap. The troops aro camped here simply in tho interests of the New Hebrides Company, whoso storo is on an adjoining selection, and whose land is on this, the worst, side of tho harbor. Thcro aro no roads, no paths in tho bush ; thcro is only tbo wntor in front and the thick jangle behind. Thcro is quito the appearanco of a stage " set " iu this camp at Port Sand wich. The white sands, the waving cocoanut palms, the brown huts of the soldiers, and tbo figures in uniform strolling abont givo an opera boaffish air to the place. Tho junglo' back ground looks liko ono of Hennings or Gordon's naintiugs. It doesn't seem real. It is a stage camp of comic opera, and yon look for Miss Maggie Mooro to come on as a vivandtcrc, and to listen to Mr. Woodficld's tenor love making, or Mr.Royce's "Toorol-I-Looral." JackShoppard would not ho out of place here. There isn't sufficient dignity for it to be compared to tbo high opera of Mr. Martin Simonsou. It is all comic and farcical. This is in truth not a real camp, this is no placo for tho soldiers of France. The absurdity of protecting French colonists when there are no colonists is laughable ; but the fever, tbo discoso which the troops catch here, is tragical; Tho officers know why they aro fooled by being cent to this hole. " Higgioson is worso than tho Marquis do Rays. Ho should bo seat to lie Non," says the young commandant to me. I sympathise with the gallant geutle- nien and bravo soldiers who are condemned to remain in such a wretched spot as this Freuch pusl atiud uutiunidu. The soldiers have done a fair' amount of clearing round the camp, and have mado a good garden. In tho junglo they have destroyed a number of large snakes. From the account given, these must bo of tbo boa or python tribe, the sauio as the carpet snakes of Australia. One soldier insists that ho killed a suakc 14 feet long; tho natives corroborate the statement as regards the great size of the reptiles iu the bush here. I give them instructions liow tlio South American Indians cupturo anacondas, and Mr. Leo Walker promises to buy any livo snakes of respectable size on my acconnt. But if I cannot obtain ono for the Zoolo gical Gardens I may get a skin for Professor M'Coy. Then wo pay a visit : to Captain Walter Champion, who is manager in the islands of tbo New Hebrides Company. This corporation is compelled to employ a man of English blood and speech to deal with the natives. Champion knows the South Seas better than anyone living. His career written out fairly, without extenuation or malice, would make a moro extraordinary book thau auy of Mr. Rider Haggard's or Mr. Robert Louis Stevenson's works of imagination. But tho story of tbo old brig, tlio Chevert, tho hulk of which lies beached on Port Sandwich, might he stranger even than that of Champion's life, dt is a good thing for maoy of tho old hands \a tho Soulb Seas that the timbers and planks of vessels tell no talcs. Champion, I fiod, has just returned from a trip up the waters of an unnamed river which flows into the bay from tho south-west. There is a bar at the mouth, but beyond that a broad stream deep enough, ho says, "to float a frigate." There are lots of inland discoveries yet to he mado in these larger islands of the New Hebrides. 