Here and There. BY " JAPONICA." We are taught to believe that everything was created for some good purpose, but if any one can point out what earthly good a mosquito is I would be obliged to them, to all intents and purposes they are a bad lot, and it is left to a Spanish Physiologist to discover how bad they really are. The Blayne Argus reprints an exceedingly in teresting article from the Exchange on these tropical pests, which is worth repeat ing. The mosquito's function in the economy of nature has always been one of the mysteries of science, in no part of the earth is the mosquito accredited with benevolent feelings for the human species. Dr. Finlay, of Havana, has recontly ascer tained the secret of the mosquito existence, the mosquito he says, was created for the special use of spreading diseases, that otherwise would not be contageous, the Havana mosquito after stinging a yellow fever patient, retains on its exterior the germs of the disease, which are speedily conveyed to the next victim attacked. Dr. Finlay does not believe that the pestilence can be transmitted through the air or by contact, if there were no mosquitos the dis ease would not be contageous. Woe betide the tropical country in which there is an outbreak of the dreaded disease in a brisk mosquito season. Dr. Finlay teaches us that these insects are plotting greater mis chief than the mere filching of blood, the sting is steeped in other peoples miseries, the noisy visitors wings are tipped with malaria, diptheria, consumption, and every ill that flesh is heir to. The mosquito comes to taint the victims blood with all the poisons of adjacent towns, he scatters broadcast the germs of disease and death, he undermines the strongest constitution, and ruins the reputation of the fairest and most healthful suburbs, he brings chills and fevers from the next town to a locality which, as all the residents know is entirely free from it, he not only filches from the unwary victims the blood of innocence, but he leaves in the wound, the sting of disease, and robs whole communities of their good name. What do you think of my friends now! The Adelaide Christian World consider the Sydney Bulletin a long way ahead of any similar journal published in Australia. Just fancy, a Christian paper recognising the Bulletin at all. Surely the Millennium is at hand, I am personally acquainted with several individuals calling themselves Chris tians, who wouldn't allow the Bulletin in side their kitchen door, and yet I think there are more Christian principals advo cated in the Bulletin, than these dear crea tures ever dreamed of. These people con sider the Bulletin to be half Infidel, and half Roman Catholic, this is an unjust criticism, but after all it had better be either of these than a bigot pharisaical. Thus the Lithgow Mercury. Sir Henry Parkes is back in power, some think he is the only man capable of ruling the country, we think he is the only man capable of ruining it. Good boy, so do I. The proprietory of the Lithgow Mercury would like all their subscribers and cus tomers generally to pay them cash for their ads. How modest, to be sure, and how likely they are to get it. I am partially acquainted with about say a million of people who would like to be paid cash for numerous things they do and sell. "Let not your hearts be troubled" Mr. R. J. Inch has announced himself as a candidate for Hartley in the forthcoming Parliamentary tussle. Fancy, only an Inch. Why don't Mr. Foot go and oppose him and beat him twelve to one. This little Inch, though, happens to be a big brewer, and six inches of Inch's beer to each elector will make things gee. The Cowra Express is down on the dear little English sparrows, the bird without one redeeming feature. Good for the Cowra Express. It would be a blessing if everyone set about destroying them. They are bad enough already, by-and-bye they will be a stumbling block to agricultural in terests, and cost the country a nice penny to get rid of them, if such a thing as get ting rid of them is possible. Woe betide the fruit and grain when they get thoroughly established. Bailey's Sunday News contains a para graph on the political situation, purporting to have been sent from Penrith, but which was probably made to order in Sydney, and states that the Parliamentary contest in Penrith will be between Captain W. J. Hill, and Mr. T. R. Smith, and that Sammy Lees, whose name is mentioned with derision, is not going to stand, that Mr. Hill is very popular, and will be backed by Mr. Abigail. This is very nicely cut and dried, and not worth the paper it is printed in. A requisition is out for Mr. Lees and no doubt will be pretty numerously signed, but, at this stage, nothing but the wildest rumours will suit those who like a little bit of excitement. The country press generally are wonder ing how Sir Henry Parkes and Thomas Garrett can coalesce after the Millburn Creek affair, and how it is possible to re concile present and past actions, just as if they need wonder at anything a politician would do, especially Sir Henry, who, to all intents and purposes, has proved himself to be the master superior of all political shuf flers. Of all the patched up Governments this one surely is the veriest drab—a govern ment of hasty convenience, but certainly not of principle. Sir Henry once thought— or pretended to think, you never can tell when he is truthful—that the colony was disgraced and the Parliament dishonoured, when Thomas Garrett triumphed over him in the celebrated Millburn Creek case. What the hon. member for Millburn Creek , has done since then to redeem himself in the eyes of Sir Henry it is interesting to know. Like Sir Henry he has a cunning and fertile brain, and like Sir Henry, too, devoid of all political principles. It will be worth while to note how these two worthies will pull together, the autocrat and the lean and hungry shadow. They will both want to rule the roost. There is one thing cer tain, the Land Secretary knows his business far better than his master, for Sir Henry never took any interest in the land question \- the last time it was dealt with he quietly walked out of the country and left the land question go to pot, quite content to rest upon the merits of the Public Education Bill, which he claims to be the father and mother of. He is triumphant now, and very popular with those who value British interests more than our own. Popularity is a slippery pole to those who walk upon it. Sir Henry's political life will be of short duration, and then, haunted by the ghost of of William Foster, he will pass his days in rural felicity. The Luddenham Road is decidedly the worst bit of road in the Nepean Electorate. It is just one long level of mud—or rather puddle—and well- tempered clay, so that when a horse gets his feet into it he has some trouble to get them out again. It is next to impossible to get along this road since the rain. It has been patched at times here and there with light ballast, which is very good stuff for fine weather, but of no use in wet. As this road is of far more importance to a great many people than the New Hebrides question or a Jubilee Exhibition, those candidates who are abroad at present shaking the public's right hand will please remember this. When they visit Luddenham let them take this road and see it. If they get bogged up to their necks in it they won't like it, perhaps, but it will be good for the roads. A number of people in this electorate have suddenly discovered the fact that we should have a statesman to re present us in Parliament, I think so, too. But as there are none in the field as yet let us by all means have the one that will look after the local requirements the best. It is to be hoped a Local Government Bill will shortly come in force, so that every portion of the colony will be equally dealt with without going begging to head quarters. I may be devoid of all loyal and patriotic feeling, but still I am far more interested in the most insignificant road in this colony than the colour of the missionary's neck tie who converts niggers in the New Heb rides. Honour without profit is truly a glorious thing, a strange fascination that allures men from the peace and quietness of home. When the great McCauley forsook political life and took to quiet literature he found a blessed peace, which, he said, he had never dreamed of, and yet, if everyone did as McCauley did, things would be rather slow. Things must be looked after, and it is a blessing that men are always to be found ready to do them. I suppose there was never a man who went into public life but who became sick to death of it at times. An alderman once told me that he lost 20 good friends and £100 in the bargain, and all for the honour and glory of being an alderman for one term. So the platform at the Cross Roads is an established fact. The men put the finishing touch to it on Monday last. The public meeting that was arranged to take place there on Monday last, was again postponed on account of the heavy rains, They will be too much taken up with the elections next week to think about a meeting, but it will be a good chance for telling the candidates that a Public School and Post Office is much re quired there, and that they will stand no earthly chance of being returned if they don't promise to get them there before many months. These things are of far more im portance to us than the City Railway, or North Shore bridge. Stand back East Penrith, and let the Cross Roads come up. Those persons who purchased allotments along the Jamieson Town road, would I am sure be delighted to see the water laid on to them, deep enough to float a good size boat in. This is the weather to shew just where the dry land is situated, many a poor per son will be disappointed in their purchase. These paddocks look very nice in fine weather, but in such a season as this they are good for nothing, and the Jamieson Town road itself is a beauty, for just oppo site the Penrith Park, it is one sheet of water, large enough to be called a lake and put on the map. It will take a good many municipal pennies to put this locality in comfortable order. Our glorious Anniversary passed off with clouds and mud, nothing happened to sug gest to one that it was a great day. Some small boys played cricket between the waterholes in various paddocks, and an in teresting game was played by a number of young men from the various stores, beyond that, the township was fairly dead. The rival candidates for Parliament visited the the independent elector at his home, and shaking hands was the order of the day. Down at St. Mary's the only live thing to be seen was Signor Smashem, who was full of bitter and froth, and was address ing a motley company in the verandah of the Volunteer Hotel. The Signor was in his very best form, and almost unjointed himself with excitement. 