THE KENTISH RAILWAY. ro the Editor. Si — I notice in your i«tue of 30th June a letter hea- ed 'Tho Kentish Railway,' and signed 'Cautious,' and I hfartily endorsa ?iv 'ry word ' Gautioua' says. That a railway to Sheffield, starting fiom Eailton, will not pay is quite plain to any man with an ounce ti i rains, what is to make it pay : ihose wno have signed the petition cannot tell you. The most of them tell you it will pay bye-and-by, but we want a railway that will pay from the start, and it is to be had by following the route ' Cautious' has dictated. It would be_a great benefit to a large district, but what is Sheffield for a railway terminus? It is but a small village of one street. The Sheffield people say let us have the railway to our door, and then we will soon send it farther, but just give them the railway and they will be quite siti-fied to let it remain a terminus for ever. The Dasher route is the proper one, starting from KimberJey, ^continuing up the Dasher I'iver through the eastern part of Stiver on, so as to tap the timber, -which would be a very great acquisition, for there would be thousands 'rf pounds worth of it sent by train eveiy year, thus continuing along th ough Upper and Lower Barrington to the most suitable pirt on the Coast. It would take money to make this line, but is it not better to spend £200,000 to make a line that will pay than to spend £1000 on a line that ha t not a ghost of a chance of paying? Instead of the Railton-Sheffield line paying its way the people will be taxed to pay. It would suit the few who gotthe benefit of tbe line to pay the tax, but I cannot see that a line to Sheffield is badly needed, as they ar» so close to tbe Railton station, and a good metalled road all the way. If there was much passenger traffic it would have a better chance of paying, but there is not. Mr Wilson docs all that with his brake, and could carry three times as many more, I am surprised to find that there is so little objection shown in the newspapers to the Railton- Sheffield route, as there are so many people in the district opposed to it. I trust that someone who has moreskill at letter writing than myself will take the sub ject up and have the two routes fairly dis cussed. Thanking ' Cautious' for first taking up the subject, which I hope many will follow. — Yours, etc., Fabmer. 