CHAPTER VIL Though the actual time occupied by the man in making hia way from the door to the bed waa not more than a minute or two, it seemed to be an age, both to Frank and to the woman. But at last he came within striking distance, nd raised his knife to deal the fatal blow. It fell swiftly and suddenly, but the movements of the supposed sleeper were still quicker. With one bound he sprang from his bed, the knife harmlessly stabbed the rug which had covered him, and in the next instant the would-be murderer was struck to the ground. He was at the mercy of the traveller, but he made no use of his advantage, except to leap over the prostrate body, and rush outside the hut. He would probably have fled there and then had not a sound from the hut arrested his steps, and made him stop. At the moment when the traveller sprang from his bed, Frank had seen the door of the inner room open, and the figure of the old man, armed with his gun, appear on the threshold. He raised the stock to his shoulder as if about to fire, but waited until the traveller rushed away. The fallen man now sprang to his feet, and disengaged himself of the rug which had been thrown over him, and as he did so he saw the form of the man he had wronged, the man he supposed to be dead, standing before him. The sight struck him motionless with horror, except that he raised one hand as though to appeal for mercy. But what measure of mercy did he deserve ? Not any ; and he must have known it. Not a word was spoken, but the old man levelled his gun, and, taking deliberate aim, fired. The report sounded dull and muffled to Frank's ear, but he saw the man throw both arms above his head and sink in a heap on the floor. Outside, the woman shrieked and fell upon her knees, her gaze fastened in horrible fascination upon her husband. The traveller, a little farther away, also stood and watched the scene with an expression on his face of dull, unreasoning terror. The husband paid no further heed to the man he had shot - he felt that his aim had been true - but walked to the outer door and stood face to face with his wife. He uttered no word, but gazed at her steadily, and with an expression devoid ot any sign of pity or forgiveness. She read her doom in his face, and, though Frank fancied that he saw her lips move as If forming the word "mercy," she did not speak, but kept her gaze riveted on her executioner. Once he raised his gun midway to his shoulder, and then lowered it. The thought may have crossed his mind that this was a woman and his wife, and so stayed his hand ; but at the next moment he thought of the double crime she had committed against him, and that remembrance swallowed up all others. Once again he raised the gun, and in a moment he was avenged. The woman could wrong him never again ; however deeply she had sinned, there was an end of it ; the motive spirit had left her, and on the ground its form shattered, lay naught but "a lump of painted clay." The husband leaned his arms on the mantle of the gun, and stared down at the form stretched before him. The fierce thirst for revenge had died, away, and the thought was forced upon him how poor a thing it was when gained. Frank looked at him, and saw that his limbs were trembling, and that were it not for the support given by the gun he would falL He leaned more heavily upon it, his head sank lower on his breast, his face was ashen white. Suddenly he overbalanced, and, without an effort to recover himself, fell prostrate beside his wife. As he fell, the spell that held Frank broke. With a wild cry he sprang from the ground and looked about him. The old hut was In and his fire was out ; there was nothing living of dead, to be seen ; all was as he had found it when he had arrived at the spot in the evening. He took this in at a glance ; then the place seemed to reel before his eyes, and utter darkness fell upon him. When the cold, grey light of dawn sprang upwards from the east, it brought to life the birds that had quietly slept in the trees near to the old hut. Nothing had chanced in the night to disturb them. But it did not arouse Frank - he lay where he had fallen. Away out on the plain, the new day was hailed with delight by Talford and Dick. The black fellow was not so pleased. When Talford aroused him he said - " No good get up yet ; only piccaninny daylight ; no see 'um tracks long time ; you wait a bit ; sun come up by 'n' by ; that one berry good." But when Talford shook him roughly, and swore that no tobacco or rum should be given unless he got up at once, the native changed his mind and roused himself. The spot where Frank had turned homewards was soon reached, and the work of tracking began. The trail was good, and could be followed without necessitating the blackfellow to dismount. " Him go after kangaroo here," he said after a while ; " him been huntin'. Shortly afterwards he pulled up. Mare been tumbled down here ; you see 'um hair long a stone ; and, getting down, he picked up a few hairs from "Sairey Gamp's" knees. It was plain to all what had happened, and the work of following up the boy's footsteps was begun. These were much less distinct than those made by the mare, and for the most part were indistinguishable to the eyes of the two white men. But the black fellow never hesitated, the only difference he made was he kept on foot, He made good progress for to him the misplacement of small stones, a broken twig of saltbush here and there, and other signs were as easy for him to read as a printed page to Talford. It is not necessary to follow the searchers step by step. They gained the gorge that led to Little Hell, and then Talford lost patience, and putting his horse into a canter soon reached the ruined hut and saw Frank: lying on the ground. He turned in his saddle and uttered a coo-ee that echoed and re-echoed amongst the ranges, and brought Dick and the black fellow galloping to the spot. They thought the lad was dead at first, he was so cold and pulseless ; but after giving him brandy from a flask, and chafing his hands awhile, he opened his eyes. He looked about him for a moment, not recognising his friends. " What's the matter, Frank, old chap ?" said Talford. The sound of the voice he knew brought him to his senses and then the reaction consequent upon what he had seen during the night came upon him and unmanned him. He clung trembling to Talford, while deep sobs convulsed his frame. " Come, come !" said his friend ; this won't do, you know. You are all right now, safe and sound. Cheer up, man. You musn't give way just because you were bushed for a night." " i didn't - mind - being - bushed," answered Frank. " It waa the fearful things that happened here last night." Talford and Dick exchanged glances, and Dick turned quite pale and looked about him nervously. " What things ?" asked Talford. " You've been dreaming, Frank !" " It was no dream ; I saw and heard all." " This is queer," remarked Dick. " Shouldn't wonder if he couldn't tell us something that has been a mystery these years past." " Well, have something to eat first, and then, when you feel better, you can tell us what you saw." The boy ate a litfie of the food they gave him, but his mind was still too oppressed with horror for him to have much appetite. In a little while he told them of what he had seen, and they listened quietly, with the exception of Dick, who kept up a running fire of oaths expressive of wonder. He said, when Frank stopped— " That's a mighty queer thing, ain't it ; an' its as true as life, I'll be bound. We know them three bodies was found here, but we never knowed how they came to be killed. I knowed that woman - she an' me was children together - an' when I growed up I thought I'd like to marry her. What a darned good job I didn't. How queer things do turn to be sure. Blest if I'll ever look at a woman again, much less think of marrying one." " Then all this really did happen, Mr Talford ?" asked Frank. " Yes - at least, we found the bodies of the two men and the woman lying dead here but we could never tell how the thing came about. The old man was splitting timber here, and the other fellow was his mate We guessed by the swag and things left behind that someone else had been present, but we could not get his tracks, because heavy rain had fallen and had washed them out." While Talford was giving this explanation, Dick had fallen into deep thought - his pipe in his mouth, his knife in one hand, and tobacco in the other. " I tell you what," he exclaimed suddenly, so suddenly, indeed, that he bit the stem of his clay pipe in two. " I tell you what !" Don't you remember, Mr. Talford, that cove, or rather his bones, what we found away down in the scrub ?" " Yes, I recollect we thought he had died from want of water." "That's him ! Weil, I shouldn't wonder if that, weren't the swagman wot Mr. Frank seen here. Poor devil ! he must have gone mad ; an' no wonder neither." " Why, what makes you think that ?" asked Frank. " Well, we come upon him one day when we was out mustering - 'bout a fortnight after we had found these here bodies." Dick nodded in the direction of the hut as though they were still there. " He was lying beneath one o' them bushes we calls 'umbrella' bushes, you know, 'cause of the shape of 'em. An' we seed he must have been off bis chump, cause the poor beggar had been walking around an around that there bush. My ! it must have been orful, I tell yer. He'd worn a regular track right round, an' it was six or eight inches deep - the ground's sandy in the scrub, yer know. An' so he must have been around and around God knows how many times, till he fell down and died." " That may be the same man," remarked Talford. " But come, let's get out of this place. You're all right now, Frank, aren't you ?" " Yes, but I thought last night I was going to discover a crime and bring the criminal to justice ; and here it ends in nothing. Everybody's dead." Talford smiIed. " That is one of your romantic notions all over, Frank. If the detection of crime lay with dreamers only, I fear that many criminals would go unhung." " But how can you account for my dream, or whatever else you may call it ?" " Well, I don't profess to account for it at all. But I shouldn't wonder that your having been shaken by the fall from your horse, being without proper food, and very much alone at night in a gloomy spot, had a great deal to do with it." " But even that would not suffice, surely to produce hallucinations so vivid and consequent. You must remember that I had never heard of this tragedy, nor did I know that I had camped on the spot where it was enacted." " That's true. But we spoke of it at breakfast, you remember, and my mind was very full of it at the time. You have a highly imaginative mind, and it may have been a case of "thought transference "- a matter that many consider possible." " Ah ! you may argy about it as you like," quoth Dick, with a jerk of his head ; " but what I say is that l am going to put a light to this old ruin, an' then we won't have no more ghosteses p'raps. The I vote we make tracks home : them cattle have got to be seen to yet. They won't be no better than visions themselves else." There was sound sense In the last part of Dick's remark. If not in the first part of it. But he set a light to the old hut, and as Frank looked back at it before he left Little Hell it was burning merrily. But though his mind was thoroughly healthy, and the various occupations he engaged in during the remainder of his visit prevented him dwelling too deeply upon what he had seen, it never faded from his memory. He does not often relate his adventure, but he is of the opinion that what passed before his eyes was something more than the vain imaginings of a dream. THE END. 