The Wine That Conquer'* Care. N»y, frown not, (airoit I Chide no more, Nor blame the blushing wine ; Its fiery lips are innocent When thrills the pulse with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lest wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck eouI to-night. Then, dearest, to the anoient vine, In sculptured beauty rare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and quaff The wine that conquers oare; And breathe upon tho glowing oup, Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the ecent of the orange groveB Upon some tropio eea. Then while the fingers idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire— Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's story, with tho light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Ring bravely out onoe more I Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shino on the moonlit Bhore 1 Bid from their melancholy graves Tho buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the past 1 My soul shall fallow thee— Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on the air. I'll drink, thy white arms round me, love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic iu Fowls-—Speaking of the immense number of fowls received weekly at Marseilles, Franoe, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vans of the ordinary size, but Bpeoially constructed for this traffic. The Bides are of lattice-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On eaoh tier there are twelve oages, and eaoh oage is oalonlated to oontain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious number of three thousand,two hundred and fifty fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The oageB are provided with tins for water on one Bide and for oorn on the other, and there is a door in eaoh through whioh any fowl that is injured or siokly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though they oome from Milan or even from Venice, and in many oases are sent through direot bb far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we a. e not as the Italians in tho matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do bo with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow oould see tho arrangements that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the aareless kindhearted ness of tho English, and handed over to tho calculating mercies of the Italian. Beggars Supported by Gamblers.—Per haps the gamblers are tho best support of beggars. If you know where a poker game or a faro bank is looated—of course you don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know ; will bo quite a surprise to you to learn that they exist, if, indeed, you know what they are—you'll always find beggars and loaferB around. Gamblers are superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad luck. Perhaps there's a trifle of oonaoienoe about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their helping the needy. A gambler, will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with the same Bontiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He had a play com ing out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the ourtain went up, a beggar tackled him. He gave him a penny. II There," said he, " that's good luok. My play will bo a go." It was a terrifio failure. " I wish I'd given him a florin I " he said. The superstition waa all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Costumes-—Richard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in mediioval costumes suoh as he always wore when oompoBing. Alexandre Dumas, oalling on him ono day, was highly amuBed at the masquerade. " Yon are all dressed up to play 1 GesBler,' eh ?" said Dumas, with his good-natured laugh, whioh rather hurt the feelings of the author of " Tannhauser," who nevertheless returned M. Dumas' visit when next he went to PariB. &.(Ur same delay M. Dumas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnifioent dressing-gown with largo flower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt round his waist, and Qnormous riding boots. " Pardon mo," said he majeBtioally, " for appearing in my working costume. I oan do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideaB live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, whioh are indispensable to me when I write my love scenes." Moral Courage —There ia a brave man in Kentuoliy. 'i'ne State is noted for the bravery of her sons and the beauty of her daughters; but the man we speak ef has a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John S. Rhea. On the Btump recently, Mr. Rhea descanted wjth freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat, llhea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. Ho did not believe in duelling. 2. It was against the law. 8. Thoro was some one dependent upon him to whom he owed protection. 4. His acceptance of a challenge would exolude him from the praotioe of his profession in Ken tucky. These are arguments whioh his op ponents will find it diffloult to answer. At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are praotioally bound to treat their opponents with the moat scrupulous personal respect. A feeble but facetious applicant for em ployment in Brisbano called upon the alder man from his ward, tho other day, and press ing his claims to consideration upon the around of service rendered upon eleotion, urged the alderman to seeuro him a place. •' Why, my dear fellow, you are too Biok to work. I would gladly do anything I oould for you, but it is out of the question ; there is no ono of the departments that would fit your oftflo." " Isn't thero? What's the matter with tho Health Department? " Female student* are numerous in Paris (most of them Russians), and generally poor, so they olub together and put their resources into a oommon fund. One room is UBed as a dormitory, another as a study, etc., ana a slnftle nonk flm1* to* 