Confessional and 'the claims tliey make In connection, therewith,- . One of their own number, Richard Wilkins, in six. plain sermons de clares, . "The man who confesses, to - God , may be. forgiven' but hc who confesses to a priest . must be . forgiven." Now, it is worthy of note that even, Christ did not, expect, the Jews to believe that lie had-. power on earth to forgive sins until: he had proved Him self to be God by saying to the sick.' of , thevpalsy,if' Arise and walk.". When1 our " CatholicV, priests, caii. say, the sanic with a similar result it will be ample time .to consider whether they can or cannot forgive sins. The late Bishop Wilborforco , of Winchester was 'certainly no' Evangelical. Yet his utter hatred of the. confessional is well, brought out in the following; address to his .Rural Deans " This system of confession is one of the worst developments .of ; Popery. In the 'first place, as regards the penitent, it is h>systcm of unnatural excitement,, a sort of spiritual .dramrdrinking,. fraught with, evil to the. whole spiritual constitution. ', It is nothing, short of the rcnun-, elation of a great charge of a, conscience which God lias committed to every, man— the substitution of confession. to man for the opening of the heart to God— the adopting in every case of a remedy only adapted to extreme cases which . can find relief in-no other way, Then in families it introduces .untold mischief., , It supersedes God's, appointment, of intimacy between, husband and wife ; father and children; substituting another influence for, that which ought to be nearest and closest, and producing reserve and estrangement where . there ought to he perfect freedom and openness. , And lastly, as; regards the. person to , whom , confession , is : made, ;it brings in , a : wretched system of casuistry. . But far worse than this it necessitates the terrible evil of familiar dealing witli sin, cspecially with sins of uncleanncss,. thereby sometimes, even .tending to . their growth by making the horrible particulars known to those who; have, hitherto; been innocent of such fatal knowledge, and; so poisoning, the. minds: of priest and people alike. A fact which- has of late .been very .pain fully brought home, to me." How the' confessional acts will ;be seen from the statement of a case which actually occurred to the Rev. L, T.Nolan during his eonneotiouwUh the Church of Romo. "The second case is that of a female administering -poison to her parent. Her first attempt at. parricide proved , ineffectual owing to an im- . mediate retching that seized the parent after taking the draught. The perpetrator of this foul deed afterwards came to the confessional and acknowledged her guilt, but circumstances proved that she only sought for priestly absolution to ease her mind, and prepare her for a speedy repetition of the heinous crime. Again she attempted the act, and it proved successful. I was called on to ' attend the dying parent. The unnatural throes and convulsive agonies of, the un fortunate man convinced me that the disease was of no ordinary nature. The previous confession; ,of the daughter, who, at this time made her appearance, rushed on mymindand suggested that the parent was a second time poisoned. From what I , knew through the confessional I could not woll ;hint J at the propriety of sending fori medical attendance, for the Romish . doctrine impressed an inviol able secrecy upon my lips, and prevented1 my giving the slightest intimation of the malady, whilst the, poor parent, unconscious of the cause of his death died in the most excruciating agonies of which humanity can , form a conception." Scripture certainly docs furnish one , example of confession to a .priest. It is the case of Judas Iscariot. He did not go to God with His confession. He went to the Chief Priests, and it was to them that he said, " I have sinned in that I have betrayed innocent blood." Here, it is true, is an instance of confession to a priest, but it is the. only one in the Bible. As to the , . . Celibaoy of these so-called priests my time will only: allow me to quote the official teaching of oiir Church and .refer you to one or two scriptural, quotations in confirmation of this teaching. Article 32 is thus worded, "Bishops, Priests and Deacons are not commanded , by, God's.- law ' cither to vow 'the .estate of single life or 'to Abstain from marriage ; therefore it is lawful for them to marry at. th'cir own dis cretion as they shall judge the, same to serve better to . godliness." Tlie warning contained in.tho first three verses of the 4tli .Chapter of I.' Timothy is surely well . timed "Now. the Spirit . spcakcth ex pressly that in the latter times some shall , depart from the faith giving heed to sediicing ! spirits and doctrines of devils. . . :,for- bidding to marry. St. Paul in his First Epistle to the Corinthians (1 Cor. 9.5) asks have .we not power to lead about a sister, a wife, as well as other Apostles,- and as.the brethren of the Lord and Cephas." Now all those were hot merely; what the Ritualistic dissenters in our ranks delight in calling, " priests" but they were equal to our present day'toisliops. What, then, comes of the doctrine of priestly celibacy ? As a natural outcome of the' human usurpation of the priesthood we have the Ritualistic doctrine of the Eucharist. To do justice to this subject, round which tho conflict of ages has raged, would require, not merely a. paper devoted entirely to its con sideration; but many volumes of many pages. It would, , therefore, be ridiculous in: the extreme to attempt more tlpm a mere cursory allusion to its salient features. And this brings us at once to the doctrine of the ... Real Presence. A doctrine -resting upon what is scliolastically - known as "Tran-- substantiation" which is thus defined in "The Kiss of Peace, or England . and i -Romc - at one < in -the; doctrine of the Holy Eucharist." The- Holy: Ghost acting at the time -the. priest 'Consecrates, effects the conversion of. the wliolo substancc of the bread into the sub stance of the body of Christ, which conversion I call transubstan- tiation; . :. Therefore as the Church of England holds the real; objective presence she must either hold the doctrine of trari- substantiation as well, or ' be prepared . to cut at the roots of all-' faith by contradicting and giving the lie to a primary law of the human mind."(p,107-8.) In settling this controversy, I refuse entirely to- appeal to the words of the Communion Service, not because . I; believe those words to be against me, but -because I have higher authority. J have the' most absolute rightj ; both as a teacher and' as a member of the Church of England to appeal from all mere human compilations to the great source of all knowledge for in thowords of the '6th Article, already quoted " Holy Scripture con- taineth all things necessary to' salvation so that whatsoever is' riot- read therein nor may be proved thereby is riot to be required of any man' that it be believed as an Article of faith."' So, then, concern- ingtliis - " Article of faith" the real objective presence, we will ap'-; peal- direct to the - fountain head, and in doing this 1 will com mence with an argument which struck me in thinking out - this subject - : and- which ' I am riot aware lias ever been used befoi-e.' Briefly stated it is this : I believe- that it was as possible for those' whoi were contemporary vvitli Christ- to spiritually eat- his body before his great sacrifice on Calvary as it was- after. In- John ; vi- 51 iwe; arc distinctly :told " I. am: tlie living bread - which cariie down from heaven, if any man eat of this bread he sliall live for ever : .and the- bread that' I: will gave; is my fleslv which I will give for the- life of, the world." If it is objected that " will give" relegates this1 privilege to some -future' period I 1 would remark that this1 expression l-efors, not to tlie feeding, but to the sacrificial act and even were this not 'so the words of the 56th verse so palpably refers ' to the present -that none but the wilfully blind can refuse to admit its ' cogency : " He that- eateth ; my - 'flesh and drinketh - my: blood, " dwelleth in me, ; arid ' I in him." Now L presume rio one will be rash enough to assert that this text refers to a literal eatirig of that body which Jesus had in constant use for-many a day after these words. were- spoken. -What then did thoy -mean ? Simply that Christ's companions were not denied the privilege we; who come after them; enjoy : that of spiritually feeding on the'Son of- Man. i This is my argument : I commend it to your candid' consideration; -- The three aecounts which have reached us of the iristitution of the:- Lord's Supper are Substantially -the same. Matthew says (xxvi, 26-27) Jesus took bread and blessed- it -V . ' !. and said take, eat, this is My body .... and He took the cup and gave thanks and gave it to them saying .... this is My blood of the New Tostamont. Mark (xiv, 22) : Take, eat, this is My body i . . (24) this is My blood of the New Testament. Luke (xxii, 19, and 20) : This is my body which is given for you. . This cup is the New Testament in my blood." To those who cling tenaciously to the literal interpretation of these words, I have but two .remarks to make. Tho first' is -that, 'if Christ meant , literally what He said He must have had two bodies; one of which He in vited His.: disciples to eat, while with tho other He was seated before- them ; He actually devoured a portion of one of His bodies, with His other body He ate Himself I The second thought is that, if these words of the institution arc' to be taken literally; the Testament is not to befound in the' blood but in the cuppfor ; Jesus expressly declares :. " This cup is the Now Testament in My blood." . Can you discover any way of escape for our friends? I confess I cannot. I So intimately associated with the doctrine of the Real Presence as ito be wholly indissoluble from it is the doctrine of a , . : Sacrificial Communion. - .That the Ritualists regard Communion as a sacrifice is clearly seen ifrom the following prayer, which is to be found in " The Divine '.Liturgy and Daily Sacrifice," by 0. Shipley : " Receive, Holy Father Alriiighty;' Everlasting God, this spotless victim which 1, Thy unworthy servant, by the hands of Thy priest offcr unto Thee:" ' In the same book (p. 62) the "priest" is instructed to address God thus: :" Thou that hast freely given unto riic, Thy 'humblc arid unworthy servant, boldness to stand before Thy altar and to offer unto Thee this tremendous and unbloody sacrifice for the sins of Thy people -upon me." So we have here given to us not only an assurance that the Sacrifice takes place, but we are also' inf brined of the nature of that sacrifice : it is an unbloody sacrifice. The need of these con- tiriiial sacrifices lias long since ceased (Heb. x 11 et seq!) Every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices which can never take away sins, but this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sin for over, sat down on the right hand of God. .... Forby one offering he liatli perfected for ever them that are sanctified." No word could possibly have shown "the utterly unscriptural character of these tenets better than the one adopted by the Ritualists wherewith to designate tlioir sacrifices, unbloody. It has been placed on record by the Holy Spirit"(Hcb. ix, 22) that "without shedding of blood there is no remission." So when . the' Ritualists offer (as we are told in tho Divine Liturgy they do) an unbloody sacrifice " for my numberless sins, "offences and riegligcnccs ana for all here present, and also for all Christians both living and; dead," it is clear that they place neither the living rior the dead under1 a very great obligation to them, since " without shedding of blood : there is no remission." I have not time to touch on the subject of ! fasting communion, nor can I, for the same reason, record more 'than' a single sentiment regarding early communion in general. But whon' we are constantly hearing of the " primitive " nature of " Early Communion, I feel it a duty to protest against the use of such a misleading term. The only truly " primitive precedent " was that set in the upper chamber of an Eastern house, and took place either during or after supper, not before breakfast. Intercstirig as the discussion of such subjects as prayers for the. dead, , the invocation of saints, the worship of the Virgin Mary and others of a likc.nature would be, I cannot attempt it. The time at' my disposal is well nigh exhausted, and I haust hasten to tell you something of a' doctrine 1 must examine, however briefly. I allude to the doctrine of ; " . ' ..' . ; ; Baptismal Regeneration. ; Hero againl am almost brought to a standstill by the necessity of compressing into a few -pages what might: profitably fill volumes. Among Ritualists the faithful' are taught "unless they be regenerated unto_ God through the grace-. of .' baptism; : they arc born: to eternal perdition and misery ";, and -further, " No other means of- salvation remains for infant children except baptism." Arid this creed becomes intelligible when it is elucidated by: tho. consideration of what the Ritualists conceive to be the result of baptism— in other words,- in what Baptismal Regeneration consists; It is said to consist in " sin . being remitted and pardoned, whether originally contracted from our first parents or actually committed by ourselves, however great its enormity. . . The reinainirig concupiscence or innate predisposition to sin does riot really possess the nature of sin." For the further results of baptism' 'it -is: assorted that: the "soul is replenished with divine grace. But grace is not only that whereby sin is remitted, but is also a divine quality inherent in the soul, and, as it were, a certain splendour and light that effaces all the stains of our souls, and renders the souls themselves brighter and morebcautif ul. To this is : added a most noble train of virtues which are divinely infused into the soul with grace." - Our 27th Article very properly tells us that baptism is a "sign of regeneration, or new birth." As a churchman, I 'take my stand on that statement. It is. a sign, and nothing more, just as circumcision was only a sign of tho righteous ness imputed to Abraham and not a channel whereby it was conveyed. Farrar (Life of Paul, p. 475 note) calls our attention to the fact that the word ".seal " occurs in the Jewish formula of circumcision, and that the circumcised child was called "an espoused of blood "to God. So now a child who has been baptised may, I take it, be said to be "an espoused of water " to God. But just as many who go through a legally valid proposal arc afterwards proved unworthy of marriage, so with the baptised : "They are not all Israel which are of Israel (Heb. ix, 6.) If my argument is. met with the oft-quoted words : " Seeing now . : . ; ; that this child is regenerate" (I remind the objector that we pray) " sanctify this water to the riiystical washing away of sin." Now whatever else " mystical " may mean it simply cannot iriean actual or real. And this is in strict accordance with the teaching of the Twenty- seventh Article, which says that " Faith is confirmed and grace increased by virtue," not of the baptismal rite, but " by prayer unto God." This Article further tells us, not that' siri is actually forgiven every time. Baptism is- performed; but merely that the " promises of forgiveness are .visiblysighed and sealed." it is as well that I should. guard myself from misinterpretation. I1 do not say that a spiritual change never takes place at baptism, for I am well assured that such a change does very frequently occur.; But then it is not the result of a 'mere outward act, but of prayer and faith. Were it otherwise, one invariable result would follow the administration of the rite, arid even Bishop -H. Brown admits " The baptised by his own perverse-- ness -may reject : them (God's gifts) iill." Who, then, is to decide1 when regeneration has taken place and when it lias not? And yet in every case' we declare " This child- is regenerate and drafted into the body of Christ's Church." This statement is made not because our Church wishes us to believo that every-one sprinkled with water is made a child of God and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven," but because the Church assumes that all are what they profess to be — real believers in Christ and really sanctified by the Holy Ghost. A writer, who, fortunately for the cause of truth, is still among us, says, " Baptism is an ordinance which, according to Scripture, a man may receive and yet get no good from it. Can any doubt .that Judas Iscariot, - Simon Magus, Ananias and Sapphira, Demos, Hymencous, Philetus and Nicholas, were all baptised people ? Yet, what benefit did they receive froin baptism ? Certainly, from anything that we can see, none at all. . . . Baptism is ari ordinance which in apostolic times went together with the first beginnings of a man's religion'. On the very day that riiany of the early Christians repented and believed, on that very day tliey were baptised. Baptism was the expression of thieir new born faith, the star tirig poirit in their Christianity. No wonder that in such cases it was regarded as a vehicle of all spiritual blessings. The Scriptural expressions; "buried with Christ in bap tism, "'"putting on Christ" in baptism, would be full of deep meaning to such persons. They would exactly tally witli their experience. But to « apply - such : expressions ' indiscriminately to the baptism of infants in our day is, in my judgmerit,- unreasonable arid unfair. It- is an application of Scripture which," ! believe, was never intended; Baptism is an ordinance which a man may never have received and yet be a true Christian and snved.: The case of the penitent thief is sufficient to prove this. Here was a 'man' who repented, believed, and was converted and gave evidence of true grace, if anyone did. We read of none else to whom such marvellous words were addressed as the famous sentence, " To-day shalt thou bo with me in paradise." And yet there is not the slightest proof that this man was ever baptised at all. Without baptism and tho Lord's Supper he received the highest spiritual blessings while lie lived, and was with Christ in paradise when he died. To say, in tho face of such a case, that bap tism is absolutely necessary is something monstrous. To say that baptism is the only means of regeneration, arid that all who die un- baptiscd arc lost for ever, is to say that which canuot be proved by Scripture and is revolting to common sense" (Ryle). Yet this is precisely what many do say, as will be seen by reference to a clipping from tho Sydney Record, for July 2nd, 1887— a clipping I have the temerity to introduce, in spite of the fulmiriations of the gentleman who thought he had discovered a mare's nest, and called his friends and neighbours to rejoice with him. ' The Banner of Faith a London periodical largely utilised as a parish magazine, contains teaching against which the JRoch strongly warns its readers. " Little children die, and the only way the Bible promises that men shall be saved is through baptism. How dreadful will be our punishment, then, if we displease our Lord by keeping the children from Him, because we think in our foolish hearts that baptism can do them no good I Who arc we to doubt His power, his promise ? Oh, let us do what He tells us, arid leave the little ones in His hands." The Hindoo speaks of the efficacy of the waters of the sacred Ganges in the same way, but Chris tianity is a spiritual religion, and such externals as water, bread, and wine are merely outward.and visible signs of the inward and spiritual grace. To exaggerate their importance is to reduce our Sacraments .to the mere level of magical rites. The " Only way" of salvation in the Bible is " Jesus Christ," who said; " I am the way." St. Peter said; "Neither is there sal vatiori in any other ; for there is none otber .name under heaven- given among men whereby we must be saved." jBaptism is not: even spoken of as " a way" of salvation at all. Conclusion. ' - ;It only, remains for me now to conclude as briefly as may be this . 'long and I fear. necessarily somewhat tedious lecture. For its length :I am not responsible, , for the subject demnnded not one word less. Focussing as this address does the study of -years; .embracing; as it does the results of the careful and special reading - of some forty books' and pamphlets I could not make it shorter. And even now I am wholly-unwilling to terminate our, to me, pleasing connection without bringing before you one or two thoughts. The first is that rive are.pcrfectly justified in applying' to Ritualists this, side of the ;Linc the principle " Expede Herculem." If in battle I meet an in- ; jfantry soldier who, because lie is. not using a canon, claims to be in 'no way connected with the hostile artillery, I only smile: at the ruse 'without being convinced by the argument. So with our. local Ritualists. They may: not be quite so far advanced as some of their -English friends,, but if they want to escape condemnation they must 'sever all connection with the enemy. : When they have done this no - one will more readily extend to them the right hand of fellowship - 'than he who is now privileged to : address you. The next point I wish to di-aw your attention to is the need of carrying on this struggle with Ritualism in the spirit of love. By this! do not mean 'love towards error,- but love towards , the erring- one. Personally I have a most profound contempt for a man who calls a spade an agricultural implement., I believe thoroughly in a manly straight forward, outspoken protest. - But let this protest be directed towards the right object : distinguish between persons and things. Then I have to warn you against being afraid of hard names. . . There : is an old saying which tells us M Hard words break no bones." - We Pro testants should do well to provide ourselves with a pocket edition of this proverb and keep it where it will . bc.liandy for immediate use. Ridicule is not' a. test of brain -.power, for rt vcrysmallpea can produce a very great noise if introduced into an empty tin ; so a very little- brain can be wedded -to a very big voice.- Do not fear even those saintly young gentlemen with girlish faces, who form such a notice able feature in nearly all Ritualistic, congregations. Yea, I say, do not fear them even though they should sing in exultation over you the.words- bf a ditty which is not half as popular, as it ought to be : — - -. -. There wns an aipc in the days that wore earlier, Ceriturics passed and his hair became curlier, Centuries more gave a thumb to; liis, wrist, : Then he was man and a Positivist. ' ' . Another thought which constantly occurs to riie with a pertinacity which will not be gainsayed, is - tlxe riced: of greater cohesion- among ourselves. A foolish clergyman at the mooting of the Protestant Reformation Society made a- ridiculous suggestion that a- thousand clergymen should leave the Church of England as a protest against Ritualism. How tho Ritualists would rejoice wore this t carried into effect 1- Why it is exactly what they are longing for. - If they could but turn out those narrow-minded and bigoted Protestants and have the Church.to themselves, how very happy and amiable they would bo I - But this -is just what we Protestants do not want, and just exactly what we have no intention of doing,: With a polite bow we say to our friends the enemies, " Pray go first." And because we iritend to remain in the Church, we all, layirien and clergy, require a'visible bond of union, Where shall it be found ? I commenced by saying I came here to discharge a duty. That duty would still remain unfulfilled did I not, before closing, plead earnestly with those who have riot already done so, to join the Church Association. In it and in it alone, I honestly believe is to be found that visible bond of union and defence we require. If its exchequer is allowed to be come exhausted, its ranks unaugmented, what is to interpose be tween our Protestant arid Reformed; Church and the band of con spirators within its palc,: whose avowed object is to reunite our purged and purified communion with the unscriptural; and corrupt Church of Rome? Above all, if this society remains unaided what is to prevent the ; substitution of mere human authority ; for God's written word ? I confess I see no other human source from whence aid is to be derived. If any can be indicated I shall, be . -pro foundly thankful, , for the cause I have at heart is not the advance ment of the interests'of the' Cliureh Association, but' the furthering of the cause for which it, exists in the. inculcation of true religion and. the , promotion of God's glory. - 