The Claremont Ghost. INQUEST ON THE REMAINS. ADJOURNED TILL MONDAY NEXT. DOCTORS DISAGREE. The inquest on the remains found at Claremont, in the district of Penrith, alleged to be human re- mains, was commenced on Friday, July 22nd, at the Court House, Penrith, before Mr. J. K. Lethbridge, J.P., Coroner. Jury : Mr. George Besley, Foreman, and Messrs. T. Hobby, F. Horstmann, P. Reddan, D. Morgan, T. Doyle, D. J. Worboys, W. F. Crowley, J. S. Paskin A. T. Walmsley, J. Price, and G. Clissold. The usual order with regard to witnesses was made. Sergt. Dove conducted the examination on behalf of the Crown. Sergeant George Dove, sworn, deposed: On 13th of this month I received information from one Mrs. Mary Jackson (Small) that she had observed traces of a fire in a bush called Claremont, and from some bones she found among the ashes she concluded that they were the bones of a human being; on the fol- lowing morning I went to the spot indicated, accom- panied by Mrs. Jackson (Small) and her son Albert; she showed me where a fire had been ; it was situ- ated on the bank of a creek on Claremont, about a quarter of a mile from Mrs. Jackson's (Small) resi- dence, and about a mile and a half from a road called the Luddenham Road ; the place where the fire had been I measured first; it was seven feet in length and about three feet six inches or three feet eight inches in width, and surrounding the place where the fire had been the grass was growing, green and about two inches, in height; the ashes appeared to have been banked up at one time—that is the fire drawn up from the outsides to the centre ; there were no end pieces of wood that had been used at the fire, but some distance round where the fire had been I found the ends of burnt posts and rails, which appeared to be at equal distance from the fire, as if they had been thrown away from the fire; I then searched among the ashes carefully and found the bones which I now produce ; the most of the small round bones, which I produce in parcel marked A, were found at the eastern end of where the fire had been, while in the centre of most of the small bones, in packet marked B, were found; some other bones were found at the western end; what I took to be teeth, which I produce in packet marked C, I found at the western end of the fire ; in the centre of the fire I found the two metal trousers buttons produced ; there were other buttons, but on the slightest touch they fell to dust; the back portion of a stud and one shirt button, which I produce in parcel marked D, were found about eighteen inches from the western end of the fire ; after finding all the bones I could I searched about the locality and about ten yards in a south westerly direction from where the fire had been I came across a trench, which on measuring I found to be about six feet long by, two feet three inches wide and about eighteen inches deep, and, judging from the appearance of the trench it had been dug by some blunt instrument—I take it to have been dug twelve months ; from the general appearance of the fire and the growth of the grass I should think it had been made within twelve months also ; I then collected the ends of the posts and rails that had evidently been used in the fire and took them to the nearest fence, in distance about five hundred yards from the fire in a north easterly direction where there had been an old dairy; here I found that some fifteen or twenty posts had been cut off at the lower mortice hole and taken away, also the rails; the pieces of timber, I found near the fire corresponded with the butts of the posts still remaining ; the fence was a very old one ; from the appearance of the cuts in the fence the party who cut down the posts must have been left handed; the bones and buttons I found at Claremont I brought with me to Penrith the same day ; I afterwards took them to Dr. Brady who upon examining them pronounced them to be the bones of a human being; from the date on which I found the bones I have caused enquires to be made throughout the district and elsewhere, but up to date no definite information has been received as to any person being missing. By the Foreman : The surface of the fire was con- solidated evidently by rain ; I noticed some bones on the surface before I stirred it about; generally speaking the bones were mixed through the ashes. By a juror : I think the drawing up of the fire to the centre was not done to conceal but to thoroughly burn the bones. By the Coroner : The bones had been disturbed only in one place prior to my going apparently only a few hours before, and Mrs Jackson (Small) she had done this to bring we a few bones to look at. By the juror:—I searched within a radius of a mile and found no traces of a camp except the one where Mrs. Jackson (Small) resides. At this stage the witness said he had further evidence to give which he did not care to give then, and the coroner said he would recall him at a future date. Dr. O.C. Brady, sworn; deposed I am a duly qualified medical practitioner, practising in and re siding at Penrith ; I remember the fifteenth of the present month, my attention was drawn to some bones brought to me at my residence by Sergt, Dove;. I examined these bones and the result of that ex amination proved to me that the bones in question were human bones; the bones produced I believe to be the same as those I examined on the 15th, they were under my observation for about four hours and were compared with human bones in my posession; and from comparison I came to the con clusion that they were human bones ; the paper marked A contains some portions long bones, they might be of arms or legs, and some small bones as of hands or feet; the other bones are too much, charred, evidently by fire, for identification ; the bones in paper marked B are a heterogeneous mass ; some are portions of long bones, and there may be some bf flat bones, and portions of a human skull ; the whole of these bones appear to be broken - up too small to positively identify them ; the paper marked C contains portions of the long bone of the arm called olechranon (funny bone), and portions of teeth, one of these being the incisor tooth ; the paper marked E contains four distinct foot bones, well defined, one of the other pieces may be the bone un der the eye, it is the right shape and thickness, but I cannot speak positively; one other piece may be a portion of the base of the skull ; the paper marked D contains three buttons and the back of a metal stud ; tho two trousers buttons, which are of metal, and the back of a stud, show well-defined marks of a good burning ; the composite shirt buttons show no action of fire ; the bones and buttons may have. been in a fire from any time from six months to two years, but I incline to the earlier period, owing to the heavy rain, which has caused a denseness; there are no means of telling whether the bones are those of a male or female, or of a white or aboriginal; I have examined the bones more than once. By a juror : The bones are positively those of a human being, not of a sheep. By another Juror : I know nothing of the aboriginals mode of disposing of their dead. I had no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that the bones were those of a human being. By the Coroner : The only test I made, except in one or two instances, was by comparison ; I com pared the bones with those of a human being in my possession ; I had no difficulty in identifying some of them by shape and marks as those of the feet and elbow. Patrick Manning, sworn, deposed: I am a laborer and resident Mulgoa near Penrith ; I know an estate called Claremont in the Penrith District ; remember splitting posts and rails on that estate about November of last year; Mrs. Williams was lessee of the bush at the time, and there were seven or eight wood cutters at work there; I had a bark hut on the clear on the western side of a creek, on the opposite side of this creek are the remains of an old building known as the dairy; we were splitting close to where the old dairy was and to my hut; I remember on Tuesday last being asked by the police to go to Clarmont; I went, and Constable Belfour showed me where a fire had been made, this was close to the side of a creek and about four hundred yards or more from the hut I lived in whilst there ; the place where the fire was is in the bush and in an isolated position; in November last I was working close to this spot cutting timber for about a week, not more than thirty yards off; whilst working there I saw no sign of any fire nor were there any remains of a fire at the spot pointed out to me; there could not have been fire, without my seeing it; the box tree within six feet of the spot I sounded and it was impossible for there to have been any traces of fire without my noticing it; the Constable also showed me a trench that had been made near the spot; I could not say whether this trench was there or not when I was cutting timber, if it was there, I did not notice it; I left Claremont about the first of January last ; I left the hut standing and I was informed that the Small family had taken posession of it, they are there still. By the jury: when I left in January there were several persons still cutting wood on the estate; I know the old dairy fence but I cannot say whether this was cut down beforeI left or not; I cannot say whether any of the men used the axe left hand ed; I feel satisfied there were no signs of fire at the spot when I left: I am right handed but I work left handed ; there was a lot of dry timber near where the fire was; it would not be necossary to bring the old posts and rails a distance of 300 yards to make a good fire at the time I was there, there were about a dozen head of live stock on the estate belonging to Mrs. Williams and, Mr. McKnight; I never cut a panel of the old dairy fence down to my knowledge. By the Coroner: I cannot say whether any of the old fencing was cut up for bundle wood. By Sergt. Dove: When examining the spot I saw some portion of post and rails which were part of the old fence by the side of where the fire had been; the portion of fencing which I saw near the fire correspond in age with the old fence at the dairy. By the Jury; Although there was plenty of dry timber lying about I am quite sure a fire had been made with the old fencing. Albert Jackson, sworn, deposed : I am a laborer and reside with my mother at a place called Clare mont in the Penrith district; I remember the 18th of the present month coming home from Ludden ham; at about half past ten at night, I was then on my return home,, and on coming along , the road, near the land board at Littlefields, I turned into the bush on the Claremont estate; before I got within 100 yards of the land board at Littlefields my dog became restless and came close up to me howling as if another dog was behind him ; on looking round I saw a large figure about six feet some inches high in the shape of a dog ; I stood still and looked at it and it appeared to gradually vanish ; I then saw a women standing beside the fence, with out a head, having a sort of plaid dress on; I have seen some dresses like it before; the dog I saw was all white except the shoulders which were red ; the women and dog both vanished in the same way in the direction of a gully whhere the remains of a fire was afterwards discovered; the woman's dress was a red plaid ; the dog appeared to me about a quarter of a mile from the remains of the fire; the dog and the woman went in the direction of a waterhole, I did not follow them as my road home lay in a different direction ; I could not tell whether the woman was young or old; after going about ten yards along the road I saw a man who stepped up towards me and went through the fence like a puff of wind; all this occurre on the main road about 100 yards from the Littlefields land sale board ; the man was dressed in a dark suit; he stood still for about five minutes and looked me in the face, he made two steps towards me and went off the side of tho road towards the fence, he did not go through or over the fence but right through like a breeze of wind ; the man was about the height of myself perhaps a little taller; I could not tell his age, he was not a very old man; I walked about five yard and then ran home for my life; I was very frightened; the man was something the build of William Hayner who drives for Mr. Wil- mington, and appeared to be about 40 years of age; he had a short reddish beard and had on a light felt hat; after I got home I did not speak for some time, my mother asked what was the matter with me was I sick ; I replied "No,".I did not say anything for some minutes; afterwards I said to mother"It will be a bright, night when you get me out again"; I then told her what I had seen ; she said, it must be a funny thing for she had come past there at all hours of the night and had never seen anything ; when I said it was the 18th that I saw the dog, woman and man, I made a mistake, it was a fortnight before, on the 13th of this month I went out to get some bark with one of my step brothers and l came across the remains of a fire; I saw some bones there and I said to my step brother "this is a funny place to burn a bullock"; I got a little stick and rooted the ashes and bones about; I found some teet and a button; some of the bones and teeth are among those produced are what we picked up and brought home to mother; mother said they must be human bones, and rolled them up in a piece of rag and put them away; the next day my mothor started to inform the police ; I re member Sergeant Dove coming to Claremont, and I remember accompanying him up to the place where the fire had been the bones produced were col lected at the fire ; I saw two pieces of posts and two pieces of rails lying at the end of where the fire had been ; the pieces correspond with a line of fencing which had been cut down about 250 yatds from the fire ; the fence runs from the old yard; I had been living at Claremont for a few days before I was brought before this court in February last; I came from Eugowra this side of Forbes in the dis trict of Parkes; my mother was living on Clare mont before I came down, we were living on the Frogmore Estate eighteen months ago; I know all the country out that way pretty well, although I was never on Claremont only once before I went there to live; there was no one except our own family boarding with us when I came down al though there were plenty of people working in the bush ; previous to finding the bones I passed the place within 100 yards fully thirty times before, but never noticed anything; I am sure it was not a piebald horse I saw that I said was a dog. By the Coroner : I had been out the night I saw the dog, woman and man to Mrs. William Jackson's who lives with a man named Raynor: she is my sister-in-law and resides at Luddenham ; I started to go to her place a little before sun down ; I had nothing to drink that night, I don't drink beer, spirits or wine of any kind; had been along the Luddenham Road fully a dozen times but never saw anything. Rayner was at home when I left. Mary Small, who was subject to a good deal of questioning as to what her name was, and who said that she was married to a man named Jackson but that he died about two years ago, she was married before she heard of his death to Henry Small, being sworn, deposed: I reside at Claremont in the district of Penrith ; I am living with my husband, Henry Small although he is at present away from home; I remember about three weeks ago my son Albert (the last witness) was with me on that day; I remember him starting from my place, to go to Luddenham between four and five o clock' that evening in company with Emma Jane Blyth, he returned between 9 and 10 o'clock the same night; the night was very dark; he was very pale when he came home, and I asked him what was the matter with him, was he sick, he said "No I have seen something to-night—they talk about ghosts and spirits but I have certainly seen one to- night, it appeared to me in three different things I said," Nonsense you couldn't have seen anvthing like that for I've come along that road all hours of' the night and I've never seen anything"; he said "there's no more going out at night for me". I then asked him what he had seen, and he told me that he saw a white dog appear in front of him standing about as high as the fence; he said it threw a light shade all around it like a moonlight night, and that it walked from the road into the paddock ; it did not seem to walk either under or over but through the fence ; it walked some dis tance down the paddock and was then lost sight of; he then saw a women without a head, she went in the same direction as the dog the fence did not seem any stoppage for her ; after she went about the same distance as the dog he lost a view of her ; he tried to cooey but was not able to do so, he then tried to run back on the road but was unable to move for some minutes; after he recovered himself he ran back along the road and here he saw a man standing in front of him apparently carrying a bright light the same as the dog and the woman; he seemed to go the same way as the dog and woman went; after my son came in he told me to shut the door and related what I have already stated; and told me that when I got him out, again at night it would do me good ; it was at my request that he went out; I then asked him which way he came home; he told me that he ran back the way he came, half way to Freeburn's, before he turned down the bush and followed the gully home; he went to bed at 11 o'clock ; he described the dog as having two black marks over the eyes, he said he could see it quite plain, he could also discern the limbs as plainly as possible; he did not tell me of any o,tlier marks except the two black marks, he said nothing of any colored marks; the women appeared about five minutes after the dog, she rose up in the same place as the dog did and was without a head she stood with her.two hands down by her side; I think he told me she was dressed in a dark dress ; the man appeared in about five minutes afterwards he appeared to rise up out of the ground in the same way as the women and dog did; he was dressed in dark clothes and was a low set man, not very tall; he did not tell me the color of the man's whiskers; a fortnight after he saw the dog, woman and man he found the bones and told me of it;he brought some of the bones with him ; when he gave them to me he asked me if I had ever seen any bones like that before, or what did l think of them ; I looked at them and asked him where he got them, he told me some two or three hundred yards up the creek; I told him I believed they were the bones of a human being; he said he did not think they were the bones of a beast for he had picked up a tooth ; I asked him what sort of a place it was where he found the bones, and he told me on the bank of a creek ; he said some of the bones were lying on top of the ground ; he noticed the bones and fancied it must have been a small beast that was burnt there; he found one shirt button all burnt, and when he picked it up it fell to pieces ; he picked up another shirt button that was not burnt and put it with the small pieces of bone and brought them to me ; I told him I would bring them in and report the matter to the police, which I did ; I gave the Sergeant teo bones which were tied up in a piece of rag and which my son gave me ; the following day, on the 14th, the Ser geant came out, and I showed him the place where the bones were got and I saw the bones collected; I have been living at Claremont since the 15th Jan-' uary of this year; my husband and family went there with me ; the place where the bones were found is only a short distance from my place. I have passed by within a few yards of the spot many times but never noticed any thing ; I never saw any visions; I have an older son, William Jackson ; he is not in the neighbour hood nor do I know where he is ; I have not seen him since the 3rd of January 1886, I then saw him at Orange ; a letter came down from his wife to her mother but no mention was made of where they lived; there were no persons working on Claremont since January except Mrs. William's men nor was anyone missing; Bill Rayner has worked there , but, he's at home now; my husband Henry Small left me on tho 5th. May last, he has visted me once since about a fortnight ago; he has been in the district several times, but has not called. At this stage Sergeant Dove asked for an adjourn ment, and the jury having expressed a wish to visit I the scene, and that the bones should be sent on to Sydney for further examination, the coroner agreed to comply with their wishes, and adjourned the court until Wednesday 3rd August. On the follow ing day the jury visited the scene. Since that time a good deal of correspondence has gone on in the matter, and Sergt. Dove took the remains to Sydney for tho purpose of examination. Tho following telegram was sent by the coroner on 25th June—Under-Scctetary,- Department of Justice. Re bones found, near Penrith, supposed human. Jury wish further medical evidence as to whether human or not. Shall I send them to Sydney to be further examined, or obtain additional medical evidence in Penrith, Kindly advise.— J. King Lethbridge, coroner." The coronor received the following reply—" The bones should be forwarded to the Medical Adviser, Sydney." The Inspector-General of Police having visited Penrith, suggested such a course, and on the 26th Sergt. Dove proceeded to Sydney, when Dr McLaurin and Professor Anderson Stuart ex amined the bones. The following is their report— "Board of Health "Sydney, July 26th, 1887. (" Bones found at Olaremont, near Luddenlicm. Wo have this day examined five parcels of frag, ments of bones in the possession of Sergeant Dove, 6f . the police, and one small parcel containing four button?;'.■ "The bones seem to hn.ve been exposed , to the action of fire, more or less, arid to have been broken up into small fragments, probably after such ex posure, " The fragments are o£ Email size, from an inch in length downwards. They are very numerous, and appear to be mostly portions of limb bones. " There are certainly among them parts of' the limb bones of a large animal, but no fragment have been recognised by us as part of a human bone, while many of the fragments must have in our opinion have belonged to one of the lower animals. " We observed three fragments of teeth, which had apparently been exposed to fire. As to their origin we can offer no opinion. "There were four buttons, two being trouser buttons, one a part of a waistcoat button, and one a 6hirt button; The three former, of metal, had been exposed to fire, the latter was of glass and showed no sign of fire. "H. N. McLAURIN, " ANDERSON STUART, M.D., Professor, " The Inspector-General of Police." This was endorsedd by the Inspector-General, and forwarded to the coroner, stating that it might be necessary for one of the medical gentlemen to at- tend the-adjourned inquest. Mr. Lethbridge tele- graphed on Monday, and on Wednesday. after the adjourned inquiry had commenced, he received a reply stating that there had not been sufficient time to make arrangements. At the jury's wish the en- quiry was further adjourned until Monday next. 