A Spectrul Stone-thrower* The lMftdgefc(N".S*W.) mystery Mill remains. The mother ^of th6 children haagoneaway, saying she did cot 'lite the 'neighborhood, And as her sons And daughters are simple and untopbisticatodpeople theybelieve that the mother has died, that herspirit has (returned to tbevioinityof their residence, andi several times a week throws stones at their house. - The stones appear to -drop-throH^h the roof, and cume through the ceilingof the kitchen. «. There is* an attio jtetwem the ceiling and the roof ,filledmtb potatoes* . Though there are no holes in the veiling, the atoned are* said to dropfromthere,-as many^a-io falling-in a single night. A number of sharpwittad residents of Mudgeewent out i^o the^plaoe the other evening, and in oompaay with ca constable watched for the* ghost. About 8 p. ma stone fell* and,'Others followed ati iafcefrvala fciil iboi*tu I0i80p^m.,w.fyen;4ihfe, Bpirit appfeferitiy! weait ^hornet to bwL Thai constables andtfw visitors madfe «vary(effdrt' to discover where the. but ? without; avail ^ Tbjey watched both , inside and outside of the building, but failed to detect the presence of the Btone-thrower. Aa j soon as the stones fall the children of the house picfc them up and hand them over to the visitors with feelings of awe. The affair has created some excite ment in the district, and is puzzling the minds of many level-headed persons who, up to the present, Uave been unable to discover a clue to the mystery. The stones are " of the earth, earthy." i ^ T, Tj'BRIHBLB drought in Texas j 27,000 persons with out? food or clothing. : A WELL-TO-DO and high official had occasion, the other day, to scold his groom. Wrath swelled tlie purpling veins of the master's fore head, and his voice was1 high. His little son, a pert young nipper, aged between seven and eight years, stood by and watched his father narrowly and -curiously. The little one could see - that his fa ther was " real mad " but seemed to find a difficulty in ex pressing his indignation in sufficiently forcible' "words. The father scolded on, stammering and gesticulating, but, tqij the youngster, it seemed as if ' hife father's words lacked point and strength. The child-like brow furrowed with the evidences of inward argument. Suddenly it cleared. A bright glad light shone in his clear, brown eyes, and a joyful smile o'erspread his boyish cheek, as he5 said-" Say * damn! * pa; say ' damn.'" * * * MESSRS TURNER, HENDERSON & Co., of Sydney, will shortly publish a very interesting book, entitled " The Genesis "of Queensland/' by Henry Stuart Russell. This is an account of the early explorations on the Darling Downs, an account of life in Queens land in those daye, and a resume of the different causes which led to separation. T1 e work will be histori cal. Mr Russell was formerly owner of (5ecil Plains Station, on the Darling Downs, and is one of the earliest pioneers. The price of the book-will be &1. LORD BHAPSKT is coming to Austra lia, and intends, while here, to urge the several colonies to found a Naval College, and establish Royal Naval Artillery and Volunteer Corps. A CtiE'RGYMA.N called at a station out West, not long* since, and gave out that he would hold service in; the morning in; the wool shed. The morning came and the rev. gentleman repaired to the wool shed to find that his congregation consisted, of two -the manager of the station and a surveyor who was engaged marking off some boundaries. The service had not long commenced when the manager was' ?Seized with a strong craving for a smoke, and madehis exit. The surveyor kept his seat, but 'finding that there seemed to be no likelihood of the manager returning, determined to seek him out, so he struck a bee-line for the, door, leaving, the unfor tunate divine sole occupant of the shed. Considering it ltfttsteu6f: time to preach to a few old1 sheep-. sk|ns and. wool bales, he retired. Since then he has always-given the station in question a wide berth. A VoLUNTKBBi-'Bockhampton (Q.), June 22, 1886. -I have suffered much from kidney complaint, pains Jii jthe baok, de8ire to void frequently, causing me to be >depressed,iu spirit., Having heard of Warner-s safe cure I determined to try it. < Have now used two bottles and finid ,1 am a different- man entirely.~~S. Grihish, Lieut Q.N. A. QtrssK VICTORIA is to review the British Channel Fleet at Portsmouth on 21st July, the anniversary, byi the way; of the celebrated Battle of Bull's Run. Lord (JeorgeHaimlton, First Lord ofthe Admiralty, Hals stated that this will oe the prelude to some im pojrtafctnaval evolutions, ior the! purpose of testing thp defence of the various ports of fbe United King dom 