CRUM.B8, Go and tell Eliza-1- v ? Fortnightly sale day. » . . Don't miss M'Sorley's twins. . ' - Cocoa-nut milk is very good. . ' ? v Look qut for ' Nursey Crickweed.' ; . L.O. L. meeting next Tuesday night. Who are Lord and Lady Mountsorrell ? * Prophecy states a ghost will shortly appear. Call and patronise the photographer, Mr. Nicholas. Cook and. Laundress wanted by Mrs. L. E. Lawford, Yass. Read the Premier's speeoh at St. Leonards, . in another column. M'Sorley's most beautiful twins, from Jindalee, rambliDg about. . Messrs. Macmillan are publishing a ' Vic toria Shakspeare,' in three volumes. Foreign capital ! Money to lend, adver tised by Mr. J. Henry Williams, Wagga. Great fun promised for the concert' to be eiven bv the cricketers on 9th November. ' A history of Australian Exploration' is now being written by Mr. Ernest Favenc. Farm lands to be offered at auction by Mr. Simpson for Messrs. J. Gibb and Son. Sir Henry Parkes has introduced his Rail way Bill, and the Opposition received it graciously. The Assembly has rejected the proposal for the daily ' Hansard' on division of 22 to 33. See advt., ' Cancer and its cure.' Mr. Watson has returned to his old address in Kyneton. The Legislative Assembly did not adjourn until 20 minutes to three o'clook on Wednes day morning. Miss Braddon is publishing her fiftieth novel, ' Like and 'unlike.' Mr. Spencer Blackett will publish it. Agricultural machinery to be offered at auction on 12th November by Mr. Simpson for Mr. T. Buttress. The unemployed demonstrations in London are becoming less frequent, and are assum ing smaller dimensions. Of the original 158 entrants for the Mel bourne Cup, only 24 remain in after payment of the final forfeit. The planters of Demerara, British Guiana, have determined to abandon the manufac fure of crystals and to produce instead dark Miipnrn. News has been received of the expedition sent out under the command of Stanley for the relief of Emin Bey. All were reported well up to the end of August. A German farmer, while crossing the Russo-German frontier at Angsgirrin to search for some strayed cattle, was shot and bayoneted by a Russian ranger. The French Chamber of Deputies demands an immediate inquiry into the alleged sale of military decorations by certain officials in the War Office. ? In oonsequence of the discontent exhibited by Chief Dinizulu, and present disturbed ? J _ £ ? v BbttLu ux zjuiumuu) a iorce oi J^rmSa artillery is moving on that country. It is feared at Berlin that the settlement of the question of the evacuation of the New Hebrides and the neutralisation of the Suez Canal will cause England and France to coalesce. Lord Salisbury has sent a dispatch to Mr. Egerton, in which it is stated that the British Government will limit its recognition of annexation by France in that quarter to the island of Raiatea. * Mr. Gladstone, addressing a meeting at Leeds, declared that the outrages of the Government in the carrying out of their present Irish polioy afforded a fearful temptation to the Irish to retaliate. Intelligence has been reoeived of the dis covery of a plot to lassassinate Prince Ferdinand. King of Bulgaria, and M. Stam boul, the Bulgarian politician, who has been consistently opposed to Russian influence in Bulgaria. News has been received at Thursday Island that the Chinese transport, Way Lee, carrying 650 soldiers, was lost in the China Sea last month. Nearly every European} including the captain and 350 soldiers, perished. It is proposed by the Premier to 'ihvite all til A (ifnvnmnra. nil thn MTin lafftita amJ «t1 fcl. ^ I members of Parliament of the various | colonies to visit Sydney and be present at the great Centennial demonstration which is [ to take place on January 26 next. Banian did a little quiet work on the Parramatta river the other morning, taking an easy pull over a portion of the course. The condition of his hands and arm is im proving. He denies that he asked for a postponement of his raoe with Beach. The Minister for Works on Friday in formed a deputation representing the iroa trades that the Government had not yat decided what oourse to adopt with regard to the manufacture of locomotives, and could not deal with the matter until Parliament had disposed of a motion proposing that the Government should immediately acoept one of the colonial tenders. f A^ great demonstration took place at Rotherhithe on Monday evening to protest * against tne potion of the Government in their recent encroachment on the freedom of speech. Fifteen thousand persons attended the meeting. A resolution was carried denouncing Sir Charles Warren, Chief of the Metropolitan Police, who prohibited Hhe torcWightprocession intended to be held by i Acting upon the advice of Mr. Gladstone, the organisers of till demonstration abandoned the idea of havinft a torchlight procession. ® ? iTho Convention which has been oonoluded between the British and French Govern ments regarding the New Hebridies ques tion, makes no mention of the recidiviste ques tion ; but it is understood that the assurances' 