Advice TO Mothfbs I— Are yon broken in 1 your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain ! of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and : get & bottle of Mbs. Wxnslow'b Soothing Syeup. It will relive the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste( It produces natural, quiet sleep,1 by relieving tnecniia from pain, and the little cherub awakeB 11 as bright as a button.' It BotheB the child, it softens the gnms, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowelB, and - is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. WinBlow's Soothing 8ymp a sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at la ld.perujtile. Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in the 'i old country to revive the belief in visitan ! from another world, nnd many are the wonder*' ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, howe?t*r, inclined to adopt' Sorooge^ remark to Marley's ghost : ' tiow do' I know that yon are not a bit of undigested ' bread V for, of all tbe ghost pro'dncers, a bit of ' heavy' bread is tbe most potent, It is & won-1 der, therefore, that people do not adopt the | surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick'e Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ;; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it vritt raise bi-ead in the most admiiable fashion.1 Hvei.' wise storekeeper haB it by him, and! very -ood bouse wise buys it. , FijOuilink !— Fob thb Tbeth and Breath j —A few drops of the liquid ' Florilinc,,| sprinkled on a wet tooth- braib produces r'- pleasant lather, which thoroughly clcanees tbr| teeth from all parasites or impuritios, hardens! the gump, prevents tartar, stopB decay, gives' to1 the teeth a peculiar pearlywhitonesB, and n 1 delightful fragranoo to the breath. It removes' all unplessant o^our arising from decared teeth J or tobacco emoke. tl The Fragrant Fioriline,' ' being composed in part of Honey and sweet! herbB, ib delicious to the taste, and the greatest' toilet discovery of tne age. Price 2p. 6d., of! all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot* 88, Farriogdos Koad, London A CH»d.—To all who aAfliuBering from the errors hp'1 iT^^c^^^^^g^^BgggouB weak- This crnnt. remedy was di*coyerpd by-a mission SSiy ln v'outV A-ni^'oa - *a Aeff-adflterted -*nve'op' and sixpence io prepay postage to the TC v. Joseph T, In man, Station D, New York '*iiT.U.8A. Small Capitalists wishing tr Establish a Business should see if there is an opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in their district, ill information and receipts for the pnrpOBO i' making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c.t; zs given i previous knowledge is not necessary. Tbe I jeraand for these drinks is so much on the in- j crease, in all parts of the world, that theoutlay ; for the machinery in all cases leads to a profi- ; able and 8&fe; business. Oatalogue forwarded 1 free, or can be frau At the office of. this paper on ! paymen of Is.— Babnett and Fosteb. Bngi- 1 nenm 23 A, Fo» **ton street. London. N.. 