BARNUM IS COillNG. , Who in this enlightened age doubts the reality of electro- biology, clairvoyance* levi tation, and all kindred phenomena? Have not Sinnett and a host of others rjushed their researches into the regions of the Unknown ? ;And have they not returned from the Occult World with intelligence calculated to strike the agnostic dumb. Yes, and henceforth? the ;proud aceptic must also stop bis mouth. _^ : Be iS known, therefore, that our Northern Territory clairvoyant medium having on the 19th inst. taken an extra dose of the .double-distilled magnetized elixir of steam, awoke the next morning, as he in tended, in Kentucky, where, near the ! confluence of the Tennessee with the Ohio he interviewed the famous Barnum, who, it .seems, ia assiduously engaged in collecting curios ior a bazaar. ' I intend,' said the great showman, 'to lick creation this time. Look here, stranger, my boa has just put himself outside of three buffalos and a fullgiown elephant, and he is still as hollow ,as a bamboo and three times yallerer. Jerusalem artichokes and little fishes ! why :my white mice are as big as rabbits, my cats are as big as donkies, and my gorilla stands .27. ft. 6 in. in his stockings.' ; 'But what ia your destination, Mr. iBaraum?' = ' Stranger,' replied the big man, ' I expect to open in Adelaide within a fortnight from ' this time, and if I don't astonish the stupid boobies of that village, may my African : Hippopotamus swallow me at a gulp.' ' ?? Nonsense !' our correspondent ventured to remaik. 'Why, sir, with your large collection yon could not reach the city of ' Adelaide in less time than three months.' At this Mr, Barnum broke out into such a j stentorian guffaw that our correspondent isays several of the neighbours came running i in the expectation that some of the wild beaatB had broken loose. After a while, however, he cooled down, and said that ?within twenty-four hours he would be on 'board of his gigantic balloon of 23,000 tons buoyancy, and that by means of Mb automatic propeller he would be able to teach the Australian coast slick in a week. He then gave our correspondent a 118C oi novelties ne naa recently collected for the special delectation and behoof of the greenhorns of this sunny land. The list in cludes the following among several hundred additional curios : — 1\. A mummified crocodile 57 stadia in length, exhumed from beneath the vaults of the pyramid of Cheops. 2\. The eye-tooth of a mammoth oyster of the older phocene period of the tertiary epoc. 3\. A portrait in water-colours of the elderly lady who went to bed a laundress and got np line linen. 4\. Uaptain Cuttle's watch, purchased of Mrs. Macstinger for 500 dollars. 5\. Portrait in oils of Major Muggins, con victed of bigamy for marrying his deceased widow's sister-in-law, daring the lifetime of hia first spouse. 6\. f nil-length photograph of the Politician who never broke a pledge given to tjib consti tuents on the hustings. 7\. Specimen of the hole that was sur rounded by the ring presented by Oliver Cromwell to Cleopatra on her marriage with Charlemagne during the first Punic war. 8\. The monolith upon which Bill Stumps immortalized his name. 9\. The first egg laid by tha Flying Pegasua in the State of Minnesota. - - — 10\. The head of Alexander the Great when a child. ? 11\. A snuffbox made of a chip cut from the North Pole. : 12. -Portrait of the policeman who waa found on hia beat when wanted. 13\. An original photograph of John Halifax, gentleman, found in the tertiary of Yorkshire, and supposed to be several million years old. 14\. The printed book seen in the hands of St. Barnabas centuries before printing was invsnted. ' 15\. The orifice in which the toad in a hole waB found. 16\. The toad itself. 17\. The maintop bowline of the Flying Dutchman. 18\. The last tack of the phantom ship. ' 19\. The ghost of a grim scrag of mutton. 20\. Last year's Christmas bill paid and receipted. 21\. Model of the growl of marley you. 22\. Boot from the foot of fate half soled. 23\. Sheath of the Bword of D-—-ocle8. 24\. The score made by a shooting star. 25\. The torpedo-boat in which Napoleon ciOEEed the Alps. ? 