tHE NOVELIST. BLIND WILLI By B. L. Farjeon. ( Continued .) " I may break my neck to-morrow in .-frying to clear the 'ditch. Don't look frightened," he added, with a gay laugh. " f have no finch intention, I assuieynui. For a long time past 1 have been under the influence of a bad dream .; I am heart ily glad it is over. Look yon, Willy ; I like yon, not because you think better of me than I deserve, but because you have been, from first to last, honest and faith ful ; I feel safe with you, my lad. It happens sometimes that a kind of evil -enchantment -comes upon a man ; it came upon me, and I have a notion that I have you to thank for dispelling it. I don't ask you to tell me anything; keep your secret, if you have one. Though I may come out of the affair a ruined man to morrow, I shall not find life less enjoyable on that account. As to what you saw last night you will not speak of it while I live -without my permission. And now, "Willy, before we get to lied, -one more word. You're an Englishman, and if a woman hit you, it. wouldn't enter your jhead to return the blow ?" " No," I s&id.; 41 Of course not," he. said; "but if a man who professed himself your friend .gave you a foul blow, what then ?" " I should return it," I said, " straight from the shoulder." " Wliere he would most feel it, Wiliv," said .iuv -master, laughing agaiu, " even though it was in his pocket." "Exactly, 'that is what Em going to do. I want you to bear in mind a certain important fact in connection with the match -to-morrow. Win or lose, not one -of -my friends, not a man who has acted squarely by me, will be a shilling out of pocket. That's what I've been busy about to-day. and now, good-nigh . lie shook hands with me, and when I left him I swore to watch over him and protect him from danger. He had some plan in his head, I saw, and without know- iug anything about it, I was satisfied as lo its justice. He was up in good time in the morning and I heard him singing in his bath. It gladdened me to know, from his cheerful voice, that his heart had never been really engaged in his affair with Lady Judith. She and Oaf) tain Whitelock had egged him on, and had endeavoured to com promise him for their own purposes. We did not arrive 011 the race-course till a few minutes before the time for running the match, and we went at. once to the pad dock, where Babbling Fanny and Miss Selim were being saddled. The officer who owned and was to ride Miss Selitn was there, and complained of the hook- makers, who had refused to accomodate him when he wanted to hack his mare. " I'll give yon four monkeys to one," said my master. " The book-makers look upon the race as a certainty, and don't care to meddle with it." But I learned afterward that it was bv private arrangement with him - that the book-makers would have nothing to do with it. He succeeded in his endeavour to kerf) the bets in private hands. It was while he and the officer were booking the bet. < f four monkeys to one that Captain Whitelock came up to them. " Lady Judith has been looking out anxiously for you," he said to my master. "I have only just arrived," said my master. " I thought it best to keep myself cool, as you advised. If La ly Judith wishes, 1 will see her after the race." "Of course she wishes," said Captain Whitelock, " What Let are you book ing?" My master showed it to him ; Captain Whitelock's face was radiant. " I shall win a pot," lie said. " Unless, I happen to get beat," observed iny master, cheerfully. The radiant looked vanished from Cap tain Whitelock's face. "You haven't been hedging at all, have you?" he asked. " Captain Whitelock," said my master gravely, " I haven't hedged a shilling. If Mr Selim wins, I shall be pretty nearly, if not quite, ruined." " I shall be in the same boat," said Cap tain Whitelock ; "only you can afford it, and I can't. But nothing venture, no thing win. As you stick to your bets, I shall stick to mine. 1 should say it's a .Jthousarjdto one 011 Babbling Fanny." " Keep your eyes and your ears open," said my master to me, when he was in the saddle, arid Ijefore he passed out of the saddling, paddock into the course. 1 did both, and posted myself close to Captain Whitelock and Lady Judith while. Babbling Fanny and Miss Selim were cantering down to the starter. Captain Whitelock was teiling her that he had seen my master, who stood to lose a fortune on the match. "He would be a better catch for me than you, after all," she said, in a low tone, but not so low that it did not reach ihy ears. " Don't try any of your tricks upon me, my lady," he said, almost in a whisper. " I think 3 should be able to checkmate the jiair of you." " Don't talk nonsense," she replied, lie dosen't suspect, does he?" ' He's the greenest goose I've ever met with," said- Captain Whitelock. " Alto gether too good for such a wicked little devil as on." Their attention was now centred u|>on the horses. The flag fell and the bell rang. There was no attempt at racing for the first iiiile; Miss Selim heiu the lead, Babbling-Fanny a couple oi lengths in the rear. " That's the style," said Captain White- lock ; " he's playing a waiting race. It's a certainty." I tried to keep down my excitement. The horses fenced beautifully, and skimmed the hurdles like swallows. Babbling Fanny fell back a couple of lengths, and Miss Selitn held a four lengths' lead. There was still, however, a mile and a half to go. " He can make it up when he likes/' Raid- Captain Whitelock, trembling from excitement. I'd give a thousand pound.i to see Miss Selim break her neck at the ditch." But Miss Selim cleared the ditch in grand style, and sailed along with a long, low stride which caused shouts in her favour to l»e raised all over the course. Babbling Fanny also cleared the ditch, though not in such fine style as her ri\al, and was now at least a dozen lengths behind. " Come on ! come on !" screamed Cap tain Whitelock. Two miles were passed, and a wide gap still separated the horses. They did not make a mistake at the hurdles, hut Miss Selim seemed to have the foot of Babbling Fanny. Before the last hurdle was reached there was a hill, and here Babbling Fanny gained two or three lengths. " It's all right," sighed Captain White- lock, "but it was lisking too much to keep so far behind." The last hurdle was safely got over, and then Miss Seliiu's rider raised his whip. " Hurrah !" cried Captain Whitelock, as he saw Babbling Fanny gaining on her rival. " Why don't you come 011 ?" It was too late. Miss Selim passed the winning-post two lengths a head. I looked at Captain Whitelock. He was as while as a ghost, and there was blood on his lip : he had bitten it through. I made my way immediately to the saddling paddock. The officer who had ridden Miss Selim was pale, with excite- ment, and almost reeled in the saddle as he passed through the gate. My master's face was pale also, but he was calm. " Well," he said, as I assisted him to dismount, " the comedy is finished." There was a sudden commotion in the crowd, and Captain Whitelock pushed his way through. He would have come close to my master had I not stood between them. " What do you want ?" said my master. " Have you lost money 011 the race? So have I. I will give any man fifty thousand pounds to pay my losses." " You shall answei to me for this," said Captain Whitelock. " I will answer you now," said my master, "and I tell you that you are either a scheming scoundrel or a contempt ible fool." The sympathy of hy-standers was so clearly with my master — many men whom he kr.ew and whom he had saved fiom loss gathering around him with expressions of sympathy — that Captain Whitelock was hustled about. "You shall hear from me before the day is over," he muttered, and took his departure. " Come, Willy," said my master, " let us us go into the ring." There he conducted himself so cheerfully chatting genially, and bearing his great losses so bravely, that sympathizing hands were stretched out to him from all sides. There could he no doubt, from what I heard, that one of his friends was a sufferer by the result of the match. There were only two losers, himself, and Captain VVhitelock. The captain had taken his departure from the race-course ; Lady Judith also had disappeared. I related to to niv master the conversation I had over heard between tliern. " She has set me free," he said, blithely ; " but we have not heard the last of the affair. Captain Whitelock will challenge me, ana will propose that we shall cross the Channel for the duel. Mention it to 110 one, my lad." " You will not accept the clialltnge?" I cried. " f must." he said. " Not another word Willy ; I will not allow it. I am the 1 1 __ J) junge or my own nun or. Now, indeed, I had something to occupy my thoughts. The scene in the shooting gallery came before me again, and L knew that my master was a dead man unless I could prevent the challenge, and the duel. And I determined to prevent it, at what ever cost and risk to myself The scheme that suggested itself was a mad one enough in all conscience, but. I resolved to carry it out if it cost me my life. My story is coming to an pnd, and I am going to tell you exactly whv it was that my master did not receive the challenge from Captain Whitelock. He never quite knew the truth of it, for I have never spoke of it till now. A moment, friend Has not someone come into the room? No one? Then my ears must have de ceived me. Well, this was the way of it. Take my hand in yours and feci it. Tough and hard, isn't it? Grip mine as hard as you can ; harder — harder. Your fingers are like baby fingers as thpy twine themselves round mine. I could crush every bone in them with my steel grip ; as I crushed every bone in Captain Whitelock's right hand, and rendered it impossible for him ever again to hold a pistol in it. He occupied chambers, a'R my master did. I knew I should find him at home early in the evening, and a few minutes after my master and I returned from tlm races. I knocked at Captain Whitelock's door. His own voice bade me enter. ; He was alone, and was standing at a table examining a pair of pistols. He looked at me with a strange smile. " J was just thinking of your master," he said. " Have you come to me with an apology from him ? You can take it back, and tell liim that with one 01' these toys I shall shoot him through the' heart." " I don't come from my master," I said, and as I spoke 1 turned the key in his door ; " I am here on my own account, I and I have a watch-word for you." " Your design seems to he robbery," he said, roused to anger by the. purposed in solence of my tone. " Unlock that door." " Hear my watch-word first,'' I said. " Out with it, then !" lie cried. " Laburnum Villa, Sydenham." I saw by his livid face that he knew all had been discovered. With an oath he threw himself upon me, and raised his right hand with a pistol in it. 1 seized the hand, and the pistol went of! obliquely across my eyes. From that moment I have been stmie blind. But I did nob let go his hand : T held 011 to it, and crushed it in mine. He screamed with pain, and li is cries brought people to the door, which they could not immediately open. While they were heating it in, Captain Whitelock and I struggled all ovei the room. " Let go !" he shrieked ; " you are crush ing my fingers !" "Von shall never use them again," I muttered between my teeth. It was a brutal act, T know, and I have only to plead, in justification of it, that it saved my dear master's life, for from that evening Captain Whitelock's right hand was powerless for mischief. I was taken up for it, of course, and tried ; but Captain Whitelock said nothing at the trial of the injury to his hand. The charge against me was attempted robbery, accompanied by violence. I was sentenced to five years' imprisonment. That is the whole of my story, friend, which J have related to you by my master's orders. I have told it ill if I have not made it clear to you that there lives- not on God's earth a nobler-hearted gentleman than Sir Edmund Barry. How lung have you known liini? Over a year? Well, you should have got a pretty good inkling of his character in that time. And how was it that Lady Judith came to you and called him a cheat and a coward? She was driving accidentally through the village, was she? Yes Go on. And hearing that Sir Edmund Barry was here, and was well liked? Yes, yes; go on. And not only well liked, but well loved? Yes, yes ; that was sure to he. Go on. Stop! What was that you said? And going to be married to your daughter? What, to that young lady who sings my master's songs so sweetly ? God bless her — and him ! I see it all. Lady Judith's venom showed itself when she heard the news, find J she thought she would spoil iny master's happiness. But she hasn't done so, has she ? He's as good and true a gentleman as any girl iu the land could hope to win. That Woman ha.s not stepped in the way of his happiness, has she? No? Then God bless yowl There is some one Stirling in the room. You can't deceive me any longer. 1 know the step. "Willy!" My dear master ! God bless you ! God bless you ! Let me kiss the hand of the lady you love ! 