1 1 i M i in . . | Ibnmoiv A Man's Motlicr-lu-Law. V It is a mystery which no one has y'ct so'vea, why so many Bid jokes nro constantly being ncrpctratcd about a mriri'a 1 mother .in-law. What dreadful crlmo 'has tho " unfortunate woman committed In providing the man witli , , Ills wife that. ho should hoar siich'nri undy-' ing gfudge ogninst her? ' V , Now jf itwas n woman's mother- in-law who wis made tho butt of theso jokes thoro might be a grain of- Bonro in them ; for It is the limit's motbor-who has it in lier power to make life a burden to tho young wlfo and - not half try. As a matter of fact, a woman Is usually- proud and fond of her sori-in-law if ho only gives her tho ghost of a clinncc. . . - When tbayouug couplo first go to house- -. keeping who Is it that comes" in and with her- good Benso and practical cxpcrionco tides ' them over thiMough places ! ; . a man's mothcr-in-law. . . . . - It is tlio woman's! motkewjSlaw who is most apt to criticise, -rind vrao exasperates - r the young wife by quoting, nil too fecqncntly, ' ." 'My sori is used to bavs things thus nndso- " My son must have "this or that for his meals." "My son, with his small income, > should bavs married a prudent, ccoriomlcal, woman, "etc. ' When tha first baby makes it appearance, ns welt as tbo succcsslvo ones, who is it tbnt steps in nnd relieves tho husband of bis wenry vigils, nnd takes tbo load .of caro' and . worry off tho wifo!a feoblc shonlders, and keeps the household running smoothly ? Tho man's mothoij-in-law. , When ho and his wife plnn to take a little trip together, who is it comes in and takes chargo of the liouso and. tlio children, so tlint they can peacefully en joy their holiday, with tho restful thought. U Mother is there and it will ho nil right ?" The man's mother-in-law. When thcro is sickness or trouble in tho house, who is tho fnithful nurse, the wisu counsellor, tho sympathizing friend ? Tho man's mother-in-law. And if, in tho course of events, the wife dies, who Is it that usua'ly comes in and takc3 dare of tho children, nnd keeps up the homo till tho bereaved husband has time to . look nronnd nnd Add another wife ? ' A man's mother-in-law. And how docs ho" rownrd her" for all this devotion! By making heartless jokes nt her expense, and publishing them ferothcr men to snicker overt \- Ineptitude, tby name is MaiTtv 