COLONIAL PROTEST AGAINST COERCION. TUBLIC MEETING AT WOOLLAHKA. On Monday evening an important public meeting was held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Queen-street, Woollahra, ' to protest against the policy of the Tory Government in Ireland, and to open a sub scription list in aid of the evicted tenants.' The meeting had been well worked up by the Padding ton branch or the Irish .National .League, especi ally bv the local officers, Messrs. E. T. Kirby, T. J. 'M'Cabe, and E. E. O'Connell, and the crowded state of the hall testified to the sym pathetic interest in the meeting and the movement m aid of which it was held. The aid of five members of Parliament had been secured for the occasion, three of them being non-Catholics, Mr. James Fletcher, M.P., Mr. Hassall. M.P., and Mr. W. J. Trickett. M.P. The two other Ms.P. were Mr. T. C. O'Mara, M.P., and Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, M.P. Mr. Trickett (one of the members for Paddington) was to have presided, but a telegram was received at the meeting, stating that he had been detained at Penrith, through missing the train. Mr. John Walsh, of Eandwick (ex-M.P. of Queens land), was called on to act as chairman. The meeting was an enthusiastic one, and the speakers were lavishly applauded. But some thing more than speech-making was done before the meeting dispersed — ,£60 was subscribed for the ' evicted tenants' ' fund, a practical proof of kindly patriotism on the one hand and a practical protest on the other hand against the tyrannous policy of the coercion-for-ever-and-ever Tories. Mr. Walsh, as chairman, was surrounded on the platform by the following gentlemen :-Mr. Hassall, M.P. ; Mr. O'Mara, M.P. ; Mr. Fletcher, M.P. ; Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P. ; Alderman R. T. Kirby, J.P. ; Mr. L- . a. Jireonni, oi.a.., jrresiaent or Hie Sydney 'Executive of the Irish National League ; Very Eev. P. Slattery, O.S.F., Superior of the Francis cans ; Eev. P. B. Kennedy, O.S.F.; Eev. P. B. Lawler, O.S.F. ; T. A. Fitzgerald, O.S.F. ; Messrs. J. N. Ryan (solicitor), T. D. Burke, T. J. Murray, A. M. Sullivan (son of the Lord Mayor of Dub lin), J. S. Herbert (solicitor), Alderman Donald son), Alderman M'Naniee, D. Brown, J. F. Hegarty, J. Bailey, A. Bourke, F. O'Eourke, P. Curren, Dr. Johnson, P. E. Larkin, C. Duffy, J. Eoarty, M. Kegarfcy, and Alderman Mahony. The chairman opened the meeting in a pithy and practical little speech, every word of which nra.a i-.n t.lio nmTit; n.nr) prmp.liidpfl Viic romnrlro which were well received, by introducing Mr. Hassall to move the following resolution, — 'That this meeting protests against the unjustifiable action of the Tory Government of England in bringing into operation in Ireland so tyrannical and uncalled-for a law as the present Coercion Act, and views with concern the compulsory sup pression of political opinion in that country.' Mr. Haasall, M.P., who was cheered on rising, said that was the first occasion on which it had fallen to his lot to make a speech upon the subject of the wrongs of Ireland, and he was pleased to be able to say a few words to them and to express his sympathy with the unfortunate people of Ire land. (Applause.) He thought the people of Australia had as much sympathy with the people of the old country as even the sons of the soil whose people were being evicted from their homes. (Applause.) He believed in advocatina: the cause of liberty of speech and action, a privilege which should not be denied any of the English race. (Applause.) The people of Ireland had as much right to meet together to express their opinions and fight against injustice as they had a right to the air they breathed and the water they drank. He always sympathized with the poor and oppressed, knowing well that the rich people — the Tories of the old country as well aB the new — could always take care of themselves. The poor of London had been debarred from meeting in Trafalgar-square, and if the Tory Government would do that to their own poor people, could they wonder they had no sympathy for the people of Ire laud, whom they had always oppressed ? Alter hav ing referred to the steps which the English Govern ment had taken with the Irish people, and the arrest of William O'Brien, he said there was a certain section of the community who would deny men the right to breathe the same air they breathed. The arrest of men like William, O'Brien was only adding fuel to the fire that was raging, and bringing the day closer when the people would rise in their might and say they would do as they thought best for themselves. The land of Ireland was in the hands of the few, who, instead of living in the country and spend ing their money there, went away to other coun tries where they lived in luxury whilst the unfor tunate men who slaved for them might, for all they cared, die or rot by the wayside. Ireland had her induatries some yearo ago, and would have them again if she got fair play. The people of Ireland were shamefully overtaxed, and kept in a state of unrest and discontent, and could they wonder at the Irish people protesting. The people were only making a fair request, and would never knuckle down to their oppressors. Irishmen had not been allowed to discuss the wrongs and injustice put upon them, and they had been forced to go to other countries to find homes. This Tory Government of England had had plenty of time to put matters on a good footing in regard to Ireland, but nothing had been done and nothing was left but coercion. The English people had now said that the people of Ireland should have the same liberties as they themselves enjoyed, and while they had the people of England with them and the press also they were bound to succeed. I£ this oppression was continued it might end in a what was near and dear to them, then they had a right to go to war. They had Gladstone and the Liberal party of England with them, and they were bound to be 'borne on to victory. (Applause.) Mr. Hassall concluded with a spirited appeal to men of all nationalities who loved liberty and hated oppression to throw in their sympathy and their practical assistance on the side of the Irish. people in their great and gallant struggle for right and justice. (Cheers.) Mr. O'Mara, M.P., was greeted with loud cheer ing on coming forward to second the resolution. Mr. O'Mara said they had met that night in the name of free speech, and they were asserting the right of free speech in that hall in a way that no power in the country could interfere with them. (Applause.) If his friend Mr. Hassall had de livered the speech which they had just heard that night in Ireland his reward would not have been the applause of a large meeting but sis months' imprisonment. (Laughter and applause.) In dealing with the resolution, he said he must; compliment those who had drafted it upon their tact and judgment, because in it they had said nothing to which any reasonable man in the world could object. The Act they were protest ing against was called a Coercion Act — it was known as such by its very authors. Would they ever have a Coercion Act in this country ? (Mr. .Fletcher: iNot unless tney nna anouner jxiama ghost. Laughter and applause.) He called the action of the English Government more than compulsory suppression of opinion. He called it brutal suppression of opinion. It was suppression of opinion by armed force, and nothing else. People when meeting together to discuss their righto were shot down in the name of what was called law. Such law had not the obligations of law. If the people protested against law of that kind they might be punished, but they were vin dicated in their action by a higher law— ? they were protected by the law of God. (Loud cheers.) It was right that they should protest against the eviction and coercion going on in the old land, but they would not have to wait long for their rights. Circumstances were multiplying day after day to show that their cause was ad vancing by leaps and bounds, and victory was close at hand. (Cheers.) It was the sublime prerogative of Gladstone's life — (cheers) — to cro-vn even such a life as his with a message o£ peace and goodwill to Ireland. (Cheers.) When Ireland got what ahe was entitled to, and what she was determined to have, and would have before many days (cheers), then she would be the sister country in heart and soul, and England would, if she only gave Ireland her rights, find her more than she had in the past — her companion in peace and prosperity, and her right hand in the hour of difficulty and danger. (Cheers.) There was no battle field on which England had fought that was not reddened with Irish blood. Yes, and there were times when the Irish, driven from their native land, spent their gallantry in, foreign service and on foreign fields, and all re membered the historic occasion when an English, king, witnessing the splendid valour of the Irish Brigade in France, cried, ' Cursed be the laws that [deprive of r,uch subjects.' (Applause.) The same policy which drove the flower of chivalry from Ireland in bygone days was still in force, the same policy of oppression and tyranny was being blindly and brutally pursued, and the occupant of the throne of England at the present day might well pronounce a curse against the laws which kept in a state of degradation, disaffection, and unhappiness, her brave and high-spirited Irish subjects. (Cheers.) Those laws were cursed by the Irish themselves, they were cursed by the English masses, and by all broad minded and hones fc-hearted colonials (applause), and cursed they would be till the new era of jus tice was established, and Ireland under the bless ing of good Government became a peaceful, prosperous, and powerful nation. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Fletcher, M.P., in supporting the motion, said he was present to enter his protest against the tyranny of the English Government ; to de clare at all costs and hazards that Ireland should be free and ought never to be in bondage ; to enter his protest against the suppression of free discussion. (Cheers.) The Tories themselves knew that it was better for England to have Ire land as a faithful friend than in the present posi tion, but it was the aristocracy of England who wished to keep the Irish under suppression. Glad stone had said, put Ireland on an equality with. England, then there would be prosperity and suc cess. There were many Tories in New South, Wales, and they might have yet to fight a similar battle for themselves to the one they were trying to fight for Ireland. (Applause.) Through, wrong and oppression the population of Ireland had decreased from nine millions to four millions. Gladstone had stated that the first social reform, wanted in Great Britain would be to place lie land on equal terms with England. He probably foresaw the absolute necessity England, would shortly have for Ireland's friendship. In tha struggle to remedy the evils complained or' afll ; -a'eeds should fight the battle. (Cheers.) The'people -&£ this colony were as competent to [Judge of whftV; ?was wanted for Ireland as was any foreigfeet who anight sit on the English throne. '(Cheers.) IE Home Eule were granted, and a governor w anted for Ireland, an Irishman could be found just as moral, intellectual, and geed as any son the Queen ever bore. (Cheers.) The resolution was then. put, and carried unanimously, with loud acclama tion. Mr. Fletcher then retired, amid loud and ! prolonged cheering. Mr. J. 1ST. Hy an proposed — ' That a subscription list in aid. of the evicted tenants be now opened.' Mr. Eya,n said — as far as the evicted tenants are concerned, we hn-ve two 'objects in meeting this evening. One is to express our sympathy with them in. a political way, and the other to vjndaavour to obtain i'or them the sympathy o!i those who up to the present have shown none. In a recent number of an English magazine IVTr. Gladstone, mvinwino1 tlio wnr'-r nF siip.n.pRRiw- '- Governments for the past 40 ye?_rs, says th.it they have committed many sine of omission, ibiTt that all those sins might he summed up it one word — Ireland. It is equally true thr^t the history of landlordism in Ireland might be summed up in one word — eviction — a word the awful meaning of which has never bs'on more fully realized than during the past few months. The recent evic tions, accompanied, as they have been, by every species of brutality, appeal to you far more for cibly than I can to stretch out a helping ihand to their victims. This appeal, I am satisfied, -will not be in vain. Some well- meaning people may think that tho Irish tenants will no longer need assistance — that the new Land Act will meet their claims. Let us not be deceived. Of course it is difficult to look into the future, but judging by the past we cannot : hub believe that evictions will go on in spite of this Tory milk-and- water legislation. In any case the tenants wlro have been already ?evicted cannot be brought within the scope of the mew Act. For them this appeal is made to you this evening. It is made., not in the name of a political party, not only in the name of Ireland, lout in the name of charity and common humanity. Alderman Ki-vby seconded, and it was carried unanimously. Mr. O'Sullivan, M.P., proposed— ' That this meeting desires to express its entire disapproval -of treating political prisoners as common 'male- factors ,' Mr. T. D. Burke seconded this., and it was -unanimously carried. The seating then came to an end. 