DOROTHY'S SECRET. liy the Author o£ ' Patiexcb BnooKE,', ' A Doubtful Fortune,11 &c.; Chapter I. In the present nga the post is tlio chief herald of fate to man. The sharp double knock is only too often tho stroke of doom to some nnxious heart ; but sometimes, also, it hrings golden tidings, changing in an instant tho current of a life. Such was the effect of a postal delivery at a pretty rose-ombowcred cottago in the country one radiant summer morning in June. How little the careless whistling postman thought, as he threaded bis way to tho porch through clustering rose-trees and tall, fragrant lilies, that ho was about to break up one of tho happiest homes in Bedfordshire — the homo where I — Imogen Ashton — had passed my joyous girlhood in a succession of innocent pleasures with my dear and only brother Douglas. I hod but a dim recollection of my mother, who died when I was threo years old, and none whatever of my father. But Douglas — my father's son by a first marriage — hnd filled both their places to me — hoy as ho hnd been when my jlcar mother died — and I loved him os father and mother, brother, playfellow, and, of late, as friend. He was only nineteen when this heavy charge de volved on him ; and I think he would have beon puzzled how to fulfil his duties to the girl-child, had it not been for my dear old nurse Nancy Knight, who attached herself to ? us, and was content to accept low wages and share our humble homo rather than desert the tender babe and her boy guardian. Since that time she had lived with usas nurse, housekeeper, and friend. Our homo was in the fairest and richest part of Bedfordshire, a flower-covered cottage in a large garden. We wore well born but poor. Of tho two, he used to say that I was better off than he was, as I had a hundred a year of my own — my mothers money — and ho hnd but eighty. But ho was a lolerablo artist, and his pictures had a certain sole, so wo managed to livo comfortably in our little home, with ray old nnrse and a village maiden for our domestics. It was a very happy life for mo. I loved flowers and bees and birds ; reading was with me a passion, and Douglas commended my attempts at art. I was always bus}, and therefore always happy. I holpod Nancy with her pickles and preserves, and under her instruction delighted in proparing dainty dishes for Douglas ; I gardened, visited my poor neighbours, taught in Sunday-school, and was, I think, vory popular amongst the old dames and children. Douglas had educated mo entirely himself; consequently I had received the '? higher education,' as it is the fashion now-a-days to call a knowledge of Greek and Latin, &c.; Tho organist had taught me music, . and Douglas had trained my hand and eye as an artisf. 13 tit I was not, and am not now, at all a strong-minded woman. I think I liked gardening, household duties, and needlework bettor than books 5 but I had benefited suffi ciently by my education to bo able to ap proeiato my brother, and to bo a companion for him. I used to read aloud to him whilo he painted, and suggest pictures to him j and I was also vory frequently his model, being gnldon-hairod, bluo- cyod, and Ircshcom ploxioned, though by no means a beauty. I used to toll him that my portraits wore \- highly ' idealised,' and that his genius garo mo a lovlinces I could not discern in my looking-glass. Wo had a few pleasant friends — tho Roctor, Mr. Olmrtloy, a vory clover and cxccllont man ; his wife, a sweet, mothorly woman ; their daughters, Anastatia and Dorn, pleasant, lively girls', a fow years ?oldor than mysolf; and Mrs. Ohartloy's brother, Henry Mordaunt. Then thoro were the Herons, mother and daughter, charming and intellectual v peoplo, living near tho Rectory, and worthy Sir. Brown, tho rioh farmer, who ofton sont us oream and eggs, and had rojoifod my childhood by permitting mo ofton to feed tho poultry and soo tho cows milked at tho farm. Truly tho linos had fallen to us in pleasant placos, as I usod sometimoa to say to tho good old Rector, who had ofton heard mo ropoat my catechism. It is truo wo woro poor — Douglas had ofton to paiut pictures for sale, when ho would linvo liked to indulgo in moro ambitious works; and I hnd to niako my own olothos, and koop thorn fresh and protty by earoand skilful manngomout. 'But Douglas docinrod my nent cotton drosses woro OB becoming us .silk, and 1 was satisfied with planning' him. Wo woro contontod people — and iu that assertion I recorded our happiness. But now the post was to bring sudden and startling change. I was first in tho breakfast-parlour, and Nancy brought tome the large blue envelope directed to Douglas. I laid it on his plute, and proceeded to make tea, little dreaming of all that that letter meant forme and him. Very soon ho joined me, took up his letter, and oponed it. ' Is it an order for a picture ?' I asked. ' No,' he answered ; and bis tone made me looked up anxiously. It is strange news, Imogen. Listen' Listen' — and he read as follows — ' Dear Sir, — I have tho pleasure to inform jou that, by the will of my late cliont, Mrs. Lloyd, of Was Madoc, North Wales, you in herit that estate, with royalties on minus, &o; , which I shall liavo the pleasure of explaining to you more fully when you can favour me with an interview. He paused, and-I exclaimed — ' Oh, Douglas are we to be rich -' ' It appears so,' he replied, with a smile; ' but hear the end of tho lottcr' — and he con tinued reading — ' Your inheritance, however, is conditional, and depends on your permitting Mrs. Lloyd's late companion, Miss Dorthy Wynn, to reside at the Pins, in the suite of apartments formerly occupied by the testator. I have no doubt that you will willingly accept so slight an obligation. Should you by any means pre vent Miss Wynn's living there, you forfeit the property, which then passes to Mr. Frank Trcssilian, in trust for Miss Wynn. Mr. Tressilian is a distant relative, I believe, of my late client's. Should the lady, however, sleep for u single night away from the Pins, she forfeits her homo there, and also an an nuity of throe hundrod pounds per annum, with which tho estate is charged. The will is undoubtedly singular ; but I have no fear that you will reject tho inheritance, or give poor Miss Wy'nu cause to regret that necessity binds her to an uncongenial home.' Douglas pnusod, and I exclaimed — ' What an extraordinary will ! Poor Miss Wynn ! Why must she nevei sleep away from home, I j,vonder V 'The caprices ef testators are inexplicable,' snid Douglas, shrugging his shoulders. ' Tho number of eccentric wills would astonish us, I suppose, if wo know them. This one seems very unaccountable ; but Mrs Lloyd was always eccentric. For years sho had been a perfect recluse. She vns a good woman, however ; and it may be that sho feared her old companion, who is probably attached to her home, might be sent away to a less comfortable abode in her old ago.' ' But that does not explain the decree that Miss Wynn is nover to sleep away from tha Plas. By-thc-by, does ' Plas' mean Place, Douglas ?' ' Yes, I believe it does, denr.' ' Did you ever fancy Mrs. Lloyd would leavoyou hor property V I asked. ' No ; I only saw her once in my lifo ; and twice she wrote to me — onco when your poor mother died, and not long since, when I was in London. ' You nover told mo of her letter,' I said, jealously. ' There was nothing to interest you, dear,' he said, smiling); ' and yon knew nothing of Mrs. Lloyd.' ' No ; that is true. How was she your great-aunt ?' ' She was half-sister to our grandfather Imogen, and married a Mr. Lloyd, iho pos sessor of a vast property in Wales. Wo wure scarcely connections, you see ; but my father called her ' aunt,' I remember ; and tho only time I sa»v her, when I was a very small boy, sho bade me call her ' aunt' like wise, and gave me tho first sovereign I ever possessed. However I never expected her to leave me a fortune. Her heir, till of Into years, was a young nophow of Mr. Lloyd's, who died at Cambridge. I rather wonder she did not leave her fortune to this Mr. Tressilinn.' ' I wish sho had,' I cried, impulsively ; ' I don't want to bo rich. Wo shall have to leave our .dear cozey little homo, and I shall bo obliged to give up all my pleasant ways — for I supposcyou wou't like your sister, when you are such ngrent man, to gardon with her own hands, or to make pastry.' ' I fear,' ho said, with a smile, ' that tho cook might object to tho latter amusement ; but gardening may still dolight you. Dear Imogen, for mere personal happini'ss I too should prefer our cottage— yet I am glad to bo rich. I shall bo able to provide for you, and to d 5 much good. Often I havo longed to help a poor, struggling artist, and you, Genie, have often wished you could do moro for our poor neighbours. ? ' Yes that is true,' I assented, ' I forgot about helping others. How could I bo so selfish I It will bo delightful to give liber ally. But, Douglas, why cannot wo leava Miss Wynn mistress of the situation at Plas Madoc, and live, here still ? We are not com pelled to live there by tho will.' ' Wo must not forget that the property has its duties ' replied Douglas. ' Would you think it fair to take the reals of our poor Welsh tenants and spoi:d them all in Eng land V ' No' — roluotantly ; ' but wo could go there occasionally. ' We must live there,' ho said, firmly ; ' but wo will keep on this cottago, and you shall return to it whenever yon ploaso to visit Marston. It shall be your own .country house, Imogen'.' ' Oh, thanks, a thousand times ! How I shall lovo it 1 But do you know, Douglas, I have a sad forbodiug about this inheritance? Miss Wynn's doom sooms bo cruol, and thoro is such a mystery about hor. It will bo like living with a ghost.' ' You' absurd child !' said Douglas, laugh ing. . ' What ridiculous superstition ! Now lot me finish Mr. Clurko's letter ; thoro tiro only a fow linos raoro.' Thoso linos only requested Douglas to go to town and see Mr. Olarko at his earliest convenience 'And, wb.Qn.you' go, you will take me, won't you, Douglas?' I asked, eagorly. I think you had bettor stay at homo, Genie,' ho said, ' Oh, no, Douglas ! Do let mo go with you. I must buy mourning1, you know — com- plimentary -mourning, of course — and I should bo much liko to shop in London.' As Douglas nover rofusod a reasonable request of his pot's, it was settled tliat I should accompany him ; and ho sat down to writo to M^r. Clarke and toll him ho might oxpoct a visit tho day aftor to-morrow. Whilo ho wroto, 1 ran off to toll my dear old nurse tho groat news. Sho listened iu minglod ainazcuiQiit and dismay. 1 Well,' she said, ? I never beard the like ! But most likely this Miss Wynn is some old lady who would be loath to leave Iho home shc.wns usi-d to— eh, Miss Genie? Still I nm vexed at the nows, my dear. I am too old to fall into now grand wnys and the fine servants will turn up their noses nt your poor old nurse.' ' Let mo catch them doing so !' I ejaculated, in a .tone of menace which made Nancy laugh. ' You denr old Nancy,' you shall be at the head of them all. House keeper ? ' ' Oh, dear, no, Miss Genie I I shouldn't know how to do that kind of housekeeping. ' Then you shall be my lady's-maid ; you shall unfasten my hair every night — I really can't let you dress it for me! — and you shall sleep in a room close to mine, and we will help each other to bear our unwished-for grandeur.' ' Oh, dear,' snid Nancy, ' it's but a poor sort of lady's-maid I shall make, but, if I go with you, iny chil'I, I shall be content any where. How folks would stare, Miss Genie, if the)1 henrd you and me n-talking of .ricboB as things wo couldn't bear !' And tho good old woman laughed merrily. I was very restless all the remainder of the morning' Douglas also did not settle to his usual work, but after answering Mr. Clarke's letter, strolled up and down the garden, smoking n cigar, and evidently in deep thought, which I refrained from disturb ing with my usual chatter. After our two-o'clock dinner he snid that ho should go the Rectory, to tell the Chartely's the great news. ' Mr. Chartlc} will expect a new organ for the church at once,' I laughed. 'If you go I will go to- the Heron's and tell them. What a sensation the news will make !' ' But pleas say nothing about Miss Wynn, Genie, to those indies. ? They are good people but talk 11 little too much, and the truth would easily, in this case, lend itself to a romantic fiction,' said Douglas. 'Very well, I will not name the incum brance,' and I ran up-stnirs, and put on my hnt ami gloves. As I walked down the shady lane towards the village, full of thoughts about our new position in lifo, I met Henry Mordaunt — Douglas' grentest friend — advancing towards me. He was, as I have said, the brother of the Rector's wife, and lived at the Rectory, his handsome independence enabling him to be of the grentest assistance to the Rector in all his charities, while lie did nearly a curate's work amongst the poor. He was very little over thirty ; but to mo who had known him from my childhood, ho appeared quite a middle-aged man. I ran to meet him. 'Mr. Mordmiiit,' I exclaimed, 'have you seen Douglas ; Have you heard the news V ' No/Jhe replied, ' I hnvu not seen Douglas; and what is the news V ' Wo are suddenly rich— liko Aladdin !' 1 exclaimed. ? Indeed ! Is it through Douglas's genius V he laughed. 'Oh, no ! People don't half appreciate him. Old Mrs. Lloyd, papa's auut-in-law, has left all her fortnne to Doug- las.' 'That is indeed news !' he said. So he will have the North Wales property.' 'How did you know it was in North Wales ?' I osk, with curosity. ' Bccauso I had some slight acquaintance with Mrs. Lloyd, Well, Genio, it will be hard to lose you ; but I suppose I must con gratulate yon.: ' No, don't,' I said ; I don't like being rich. It will be all stiff and horrid ; and I must leave all th friends I have in the world except Douglas ' ' It is a wrench, certainly,' he said; 'but we neatl not part for ever bccauso you are going into Wales: There are railways now n-dnys, Imogen.' ' Oh, yes ! And you must all come ro stay with us for mouths am! months ; and Douglas has given mo the cottage for my very own, so Nancy and I shall often come homo, you see.' |tO UK CONTINUED. I 