THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dream! a dream that vsraa not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Wreck of the Groavenor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," &c.; [Published by speolal arrangement with the author AH rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXVI. -(continued). "D'ye mean sarcaustic?" exclaimed Duck. " I wur once along with a capt'n as was given to calling the mate by that word when they quarrelled." " Well, if it means sneering-like, as I say, it's the word," said Hall. " Even," broke in the cook, who had evidently been turning over points of law in his mind, "if we was bound by the articles to make an island which ain't to be found, I'll venture to say, hard as the law is upon Bailors, that nothin' on pleasant could follow the crew's resolve to stop the sarch on the grounds that the parson's a loonatic and Bill Stone not much better." " Why," said Breeches, slowly feeling that the others were expecting him to speak, "if ye put it on that ground, Micky, I donno as anything onpleasant v:ould follow. It's plain enough that we're navigated on what they calls awision," he continued contemptuously, "and we're not to know that all the truth there is in Mister Fortescue's dream mightn't be bottled up in a man's heye. Supposin' we don't make the island, then we've got a right to consider it's a wision too-one of Stone'3 wisions, and he ain't wantin' in the sort o' piety that suffers from heelu halu-cuss the word! there's so much slack in many English tarms that there's no haulin' of it in." He paused that someone might com plete the word. Nobody volunteering, he proceeded "Or if it ain't a what-d'ye-call-it of Stone's, It might be an inwention recom mended to him by the parson's friends to tell the parson, so as he might be per suaded to take a woyage for his health, d'ye see? They know'd one another afore we sailed, and who's to say what secret Stone keeps hid. It took him and Hiram a long spell afore tellin' us what was tha cause of the woyage, and can any man here, recollectin' of that, say that we know everything up and down, from end to end ?" He shook his head with a sour grin. " William Breeches hasn't been to sea all his life for nothin'." He added suddenly, " My 'pinion's Micky's. If there's no hisland the whole woyage is a delusion and we can compel the capt'n to carry the schooner home." The cook smiled broadly in triumph. Johnny said, "I'mplaguey glad to hear that; I was plaguey afeard we should have to keep all on in this bloomin' ocean." " If ever we get home it'll be a journey to talk about,"exclaimed Goldsmith, with an uneasy glance at the bunk that had been occupied by Wilks, the drowned sea man. " It's not often that things come to gether as they did yesterday. For my part it 'ud have pleased me more had they happened earlier than now, with the island within a short sail-if so be as it's there-and Friday atop of the bilin' to make it in ! What does the cap'n want to go and choose Friday for for makin' Stone's Island ?" "To keep toon to the woyage, Marfc'n, to keep toon to the woyage," said Breeches, in a voice as hollow as hoarse ness would permit it to be. "If the. parson's a man able to see a shipwreck ten thousand mile off in a dream," observed Duck, "he must be a sort o' wizard. And if that's his lay, who's to know what he may take it into his head to raise out of the hisland ? If he don't find his gal there he may order old Davy Jones up &nd; ask questions of him. .And stand by, Johnny, my lad, if ye goe3 ashore, for when Davy's done with the parson he may take a fancy to you." "No fear o'i)i»/goin' ashore,"' responded Johnny, visibly agitated. " S'elp me, I'd chuck myself down the hatchway and break a harm sooner than mouse about where wisions and ghosts has been seen and be in the parson's power." Some laughter followed this, but it wa3 not hard to guess by the want of hearti ness In it that the boy's remark had not struck chords wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, it was plain that in the fore castle of the Golden Hope the supersti tious feelings which had been excited on the other side of the Cape, but which had been allayed by the representations of Mr. Fortescue's motives and mission by Hiram and Stone were beginning to creep ana stir again, along with the old doubts as to the meaning and sanity of the voyage, now it waB understood that the schooner was within three days' sail of the place where the island waB affirmed to be. 