A Trip to Hughenden Opening. (BY ONE OF US). HAVING ascertained that the Government de- cided to grant excursions to Hughenden, on the occasion of the opening of the railway to that town, I packed up my small clothes on Tuesday morning last, paid my little bit of stuff--14s 6d--for a return ticket, and got aboard the train. On going into the smoking carriage, I found it tenanted mostly by a Townsville "push;" they were all good sorts, and the time appeared to pass quickly. Mr. Tighe, the teacher of the blind, was also one of the occupants of this carriage, and in the course of conversation, "cards" got mentioned, when Mr. Tighe said be could play any man in the car a game of euchre. Mr. Banfield, of the Bulletin, said he wasn't on; the big knock-'em- down from Townsville also declined to face the music, and several others; seeing that a game would be liked by the challenger, I offered to play as well as I could. He fetched a pack of cards out of his bag, and showed the crowd how he knew each card. Every card has a number of small holes punched at the ends, by which they can be read at ease by an expert such as Mr. Tighe. The game--nine up--was commenced, and after a hard struggle was lost by the challenger. The manner in which Mr. Tighe "read" his cards was something wonderful; he lost no time whatever, and never made a mistake. We knocked off play- ing on arrival at Homestead, and adjourned for refreshments to Mr. Tidman's. Tidman's refreshment rooms are noted on the line for cleanliness and good tucker, and their reputa- tion was fully maintained on Tuesday. A delicious cup of tea can always be obtained whilst the beer and other tack can compare favorably with that supplied in the best hotel in town. Mr. Tidman is also an horticulturist. He has a nicely laid out garden attached to his premises, which appears to the weary tra- veller as an oasis after the howling wilderness of stunted vegetation through which he has passed. Pentland was the next stage met. The heat was something terrible between those two places, to which was added a lot of coal dust and muck from the engine which rendered white clothes at a discount. At Pentland there was only time to bolt across to the pub, say good day to the landlady, swallow a ginger ale and get on board the train. Torrens Creek was reached a little after 6 o'clock, and a rush was at once made for Lambert's hotel for some tea. Two tables are kept at this fashionable restaurant, but if the two were rolled into one that night they would not have satisfied the cravings of the hungry multitude who sur- rounded them. One passenger asked for suck- ing pig, but swears by the beard of the pro- phet that he got a piece of an old bevel- edged, lop-sided, used-up working billy goat; the steak also wanted a newly sharpened sausage machine to worry through it, but as those sort of machines are not to be found in the bush we paid our 2s and departed hungry and in company. On leaving Torrens Creek a slight shower fell, but it was only a sprinkle such as occurred here and at Hughenden. In the hurry to describe the glories of our Torrens Greek feed, I almost forgot giving a sketch of the route travelled. The Main Dividing Range is crossed before Homestead is reached and although there is no apparent ascent to the top the line is higher above sea level than any other line in the colony. The range is composed of freestone very suitable for building purposes, and it appears to be a suc- cession of ridges and gorges. Some of the views along the deep ravines which are bor- dered on cither side with silver leaf trees, have a rugged grandeur which should be seen to be appreciated. It is a wild country and scarcely fit for habitation even by kangaroos. From the top of the range to Prairie Creek there is a gradual fall, but as night had set in there was no opportunity of studying either the beauties or ugliness of nature. All hands turned out at Prairi Creek for a nip, but the bar had been reduced to 150 o.p. rum, and the same quality whiskey. The trip from Prairie to Hughenden was done in slow time, as the road was new; it was also pretty rough. During this stage Mr. Tighe told some splendid yarns of old times in New South Wales: his story of the "Trotting Cab " ghost story, the scene of which is laid in the Lachlan district, cansed his hearers' hair to stand on end. He can tell a good "cuffer," can Tighe. The Hughenden railway station is about half a mile beyond the township, which is a very good thing for cabs--though, by the way, there is only one public convey- ance in the town, bar Cobb, and that is owned by Mr. Williams of the Great Western Hotel, having been made for him by Messrs. Robins and Hall of Charters Towers. A big crowd had gathered at the terminus to see the visitors arrive. One of the visitors--a disciple of Esculapius--from Townsville, objected to the gaze of the crowd, so he accidentally disap- peared in a six-foot semaphore hole; he was quickly hauled out by his mates, none the worse for his mishap. A canny old Scotch railway inspector also tumbled into the same hole, but escaped unhurt. Williams' coach had a big load that night of all sorts and con- ditions of men, who found, on arrival, that they would have to be content with a shake- down in the old billiard-room adjoining the hotel. Twelve "shakedowns " were provided in this quarter, which very much resembled the casual ward of an hospital, though some de- scribed it as the dead house. Owing to the straggl- ing and uncertain manner in which some of the boarders went to bed, there was no chance of getting sleep before 3 a.m , and about 5 the wind was bitterly cold, and as there was ample scope for it to pass through the walls, it roused up the sleepers. All hands were up and about before 7 on Wednesday morning, to take a good look of the town and surrounding districts. The town is situated on the bank of the Flinders River, and as a site for a township cannot be sur- passed in the colony. It is well laid out, and if it ever increases to any great size, of which there appears to be no doubt, a most inexpen- sive system of drainage can be introduced. After breakfast a number of the visitors strolled around to look at the "lions" of the place under the guidance of Mr. Phil Tolano and Mr. Scowan. The first place visited was the School of Arts, which was found closed, a notice stuck on the door stated that the in- stitution was closed in consequence of the opening of the railway. The key was found and the visitors went in, but could discover neither book, paper, nor periodical, the stock- in-trade of the institution consisted of an old set of dominoes, and a dilapidated chess board. The only specimens of art about were a couple of daubs of Her Gracious in her Jubilee rig- out The second floor of this building is occu- pied by the Masonic body. The Divisional Boards hall is situated opposite the School of Arts. It is a nice building, the main hall is about 60ft long by 23ft wide, and has a capital floor for dancing. There are also ante-rooms and dressing rooms. The party next went to the boss show of the town--the waterworks-- which are situated about half a mile down the river. A well has been sunk on the bank of the river a depth of 25ft, and the engine-driver informed me that he pumps 300,000 gallons of water a day, with which he supplies 2000 head of stock daily and all the inhabitants of the town. The water for the use of the towns- people is pumped into a large tank about 16ft square, whilst the stock are supplied from a row of troughs about two chains long. The railway people are sinking a well nearer the town, but though they are down 31ft and have driven 50ft they have not as good a water supply as they have in the public well. A row of 3-inch pipes is being laid down to the rail- way station, and it is anticipated that the work will soon be complete. The water obtained from the public well is of very good quality, being something like the Burdekin water. Mr. Tolano then took several of the visitors out for a drive and showed them the racecourse, the show yards, the cemetery, and the Chinese garden, where the champion cabbages and English potatoes are grown. The soil around Hughenden is capable of growing anything, and if the rainfall were a little greater and more regular the district would soon become one of the most prosperous in the colony. At present there is not a blade of grass to be seen, nothing but black sand, which flys about in the most annoying manner. The scene on Williams' verandah was most comical. The forms were occupied a number of shep- herds, "rouseabouts" and "dead beats," all more or less intoxicated--mostly more. The dodges those old fellows worked for a drink were unique and amusing; they were a dirty unkempt crowd; there was one old fellow who, I'll swear, did not have a wash under a year; his hair, at one time grey, had assumed a dirty rusty color, and I verily believe that if the stiffening was taken out of his duds, he would not be able to stand up. Bill Williams keeps a good hotel, but if he wishes to keep a leading position, he must enlarge his premises. The waiting at table cannot be surpassed in any hotel in the North, he has a large staff of girls around who ad- minister to the wants of the traveller. Hughenden had its Sunday clothes on last Wednesday. Judge Noel was dealing out justice in the District Court and in consequence a large number of people were in town from the surrounding stations. A ball was given in the Divisional Board hall on Wednesday evening, in celebration of the opening of the railway line. About 50 couples assembled and a programme of 22 dances, and about a dozen extras was gone through, the music was supplied by a pianist and it could be easily improved on. Mr. Scowan performed the duties of MC in a most efficient manner, and the Mayor, Mr Goldring, did his best to make the strangers feel at home. Several pretty and costly costumes were at the ball. Among the married ladies, Mrs. Voss, of Won- galee Station scored first honors, whilst Miss MacKenzie in a blue satin dress assumed a similar position among the unmarried ladies. The festivites were brought to a close about daylight, I then made tracks for the railway carriage and the "subsequent proceedings in- terested me no more." 