I NEW BOOKS. a K We have pleasure in giving first place in the Hat before us to " Genesis and the Beatitudes " (James Spiers, London ; Turner and Henderson, Sydney), an interesting study or series of studies by the late John Le Gay Brereton, M.D. The title is further explained as "The spiritual creation of man under varying conditions harmoniously unfolded from the first section of Genesis and the Beatitudes of our Lord ;" and the dedication is "To the Clergy of Australia." The author regarded the present age as a transition from the dogmatism which satisfied our fathers to the intelligence and certainty of a dearer faith-an age of general scepticism, but not by any means wanting in the righteousness and charity which are the very essence of religion. In his book, or rather in a series of lectures delivered in 1878, and re-delivered in 1888, and low composing this book, he believed he was helping to answer a very general and very earnest inquiry as to the fact, and manner, and extent of a Divine revelation in the Bible, His method is to take the two portions of the Bible abovementioned, and show that whilst they are entirely different in form, as well as in date and authorship, there is yet in them " a continuous parallel internal sense," entirely unsuspected by either writer, and the key to which was not discovered until many centuries after the date of the later document. The existence of this internal parallel he regards as proof that the ultimate authors of the two documents must be referred to some intelligence beyond the writers and since that inner meaning relates to subjects beyond the power of any created being to discover for himself, the ulterior source can be none other than absolute Diety. The author argues that " it does not militate against the divinity of a written revelation of spiritual truth that it shall be subject, through a succession of ages, to a series of imperfect or even erroneous in- interpretations,' In this respect it in no wise differs from that other revelation, the book of nature Like the successive schools of philosophy, the successive phases of faith have all fulfilled a certain use in their day have been in fact under their circumstances indispensable factors in the spiritual and social development of the race." In the elucidation of the common internal sense of the selected passages, the author takes the six days of creation as describing the progressive elevation of man from a state of simple nature (the earth without form and void) into a creature spiritual and celestial. As the other side of the parallel he takes the first six Beatitudes as answering in fallen man to the six days of creation in Unfallen man. " The six progressive Beatitudes, like the six progressive days of creation, lead up to a seventh, which, like the original Sabbath, blends the results of the entire work into one harmonious and golden consummation-a heavenly life The establishment of peace is the actual restoration of the original Sabbath, and the seventh Beatitude, ' Blessed are the peacemakers,' not only answers to, but is identical with, the seventh day, since the Divine purpose, however opposed, never alters, and, by whatever means accomplished, culminates in one result." So far the analogy has been carried without a flaw; but now, to the superficial critic at least, there comes on awkward place to be got over. Seven Beatitudes have been beautifully fitted into the seven days ; but there are two Beatitudes to the good. To what do these supernumeraries answer ? Our author has dealt fairly with this difficulty, and after indicating his method in his own words we must leave this very ingenious book to the thoughtful readers it is likely to attract The two remaining Beatitudes-the eighth and the ninth-are supplementary to the progressive seven. They are a series to themselves, defining the special modus operandi of the process of Regeneration, and differentiating it from that of the Creation, first (the eighth) as to the individual, and secondly (the ninth) as to the Church of epochal dispensation A young historian signing herself Kate Norgate, and modestly attributing the credit of her work to her honoured master, John Richard Green," whilst taking to herself its faults, has written two really valuable volumes on " England under the Angevin Kings" (Macmillan and Co., 1887). The first volume opens with an interesting sketch of the England of Henry I. (1100-1185), showing "how daring was the spirit of enterprise now stirring among Englishmen, and how vast was the range of study and experience now thrown open to English scholars," how England " was already within reach of that wider world of which her Angevin kings were soon to make her a part, and how that the social, moral, and intellectual development of that reign was owing to " the good peace " that Henry, like his father, " made in this land." Then follows an account of the beginnings of Anjou, going as far back as the year 1843. The interval is rapidly sketched between this date and the end of 1935, when " the House of Anjou, on the very eve of its triumph found itself once more face to face with the deadliest of its early foes-the House of Blois." The second half of volume is and the whole of volume ii. is devoted to the remaining 70 years of the House, bringing down English history to John's crown- ing, and return to England after the loss of Normandy. The author in summing up the prominent features of the Angevin period says : " The whole policy of the Angevin kings tended to mould their insular subjects into a united English nation. Their equal administration completed that wiping out of local distinctions which had been begun by the wisdom of the Norman kings, and helped on by the confusion of the civil war. Their development of old English methods of judicial and administrative procedure brought the English people again visibly and tangibly to the forefront of affairs. . The almost world- wide range of their political interests gave England once more a place among the nations, and a place far more important than any which she had ever before held, . The silent growth and elevation of the English people, as that people's own historian (Sceyamon) has taught us, was the real work of their reigns, and even from a survey so imperfect as ours we may see that when John came home in 1206 the work was practically done." New India, or India in Transition" (Kegan Paul and Co.), is a valuable treatise on one of the most important questions of the day. The author, H. J. S. Cotton, is a member of the Bengal Civil Service, of 20 years' standing, and is able to draw upon the experience of his father and grandfather, who spent between them 60 years in the same service. According to Mr. Cotton, the British Government found India a vast assemblage of different nations, divided into unsympa thising coates, classes, and creeds ; but it has furnished the necessary basis of organisation in English education, on the lines of western civilisation. No other bond of unity was possible ; the confusion of tongues was an insuperable obstacle. But now the English language is established, and there exists in all the provinces of India a national movement which is destined to develop and increase until it receives its fulfilment in the systematic regeneration of the whole country. After a very careful sketch of the progress of affairs and signs of the times in India, the author thus roundly sums up : " Our duty and interest alike demand that we should withdraw from our occupation without any unnecessary delay, within the shortest period compatible with due arrangement for the security of European life and property, and with such measures as may be deemed advisable in behalf of Indian independence and good government" This may seem startling to readers who have not read up Anglo-Indian history. But it is quite in keeping with the attitude of the Marquis of Ripon, one of the most popular of Indian administrators, and with the actually expressed opinion of another eminent administrator in 1850. The Hon. Mountstuart Elphinstone wrote nearly 40 years ago :-" I conceive that the administration of all the departments of a great country by a small number of foreign visitors, in a state of isolation produced by a difference in religion, ideas, and manners, which cut them off from all intimate communication with the people, can never be contemplated as a permanent state of things." Mr. Cotton is not rash enough, however, to advocate abrupt transi- tions, Sooner or later India must take her old rank amongst the nations of the East he is convinced ; but he admits that years must elapse, find generations may pass away, before we can expect the consummation of the policy he advocates. Lieutenant-Colonel Koettscheau, a German officer, has indulged in the not very difficult prophecy of evil impending between France and the Fatherland, under the title of "The Coming Franco-German War." (Ward and Downey, London.) The unpleasantness of gloomy prognostications is further heightened by crude mess in the literary style of the book. But this may, perhaps, be largely attributable to the translator, who is also a soldier. The author seems to take very com- placently to the idea that the war of revanche is imminent, and to think that on the whole an immediate struggle to the death would be preferable to any pro- longing of the present condition of the two countries. He must be credited with grasping comprehensively the actual state of things, and presenting them fairly to his readers; and since he has evidently taken pains to estimate the influences that are bearing upon the leaders of both nations, his forecast of the immediate future is worthy of attention. First he deals with the French revanche literature, and especially with the two notorious publications. "Avant la Bataille," and "Pas Encore." The author of the first-mentioned holds that the France of to-day is sufficiently armed to make a grab at Germany, and is proudly conscious of the 4,000,000 bayonets and 6,000 field-pieces which are to annihilate the German army. The author of the other quite agrees that Ger- many is to be attacked, and Metz and Strasburg recaptured; but he cherishes the expectation that international or revolutionary complications will presently make matters much easier. At the same time he urges that, whilst the more favourable conditions are waited for every preparation should be made for bringing victory to the French flag. The German author meets these books with equally undisguised longings for war. He says: " As Germans we can quite understand how strongly-concentrated France used to shake out the wobbling, flabby old body of Germany and enrich its own toilette with a few bits of embroidery | off the Kaiser-mantle, which might still be worth having We can forget and forgive that. - Grass grows over the smoking ruins of the Pfalz, over the countless graves, and in many parts of Germany the proverb of 1818 holds good,,' Better the French enemy than the Russian friend.' .... The entire transformation which Germany has gone through might have led far-sighted French statesmen to ponder whether the treatment adopted for the old powerless, riven, and Eundered Germany was likely in all reason and probability to be a success with the mighty Imperial union. .... It is rather likely that an attempt may be made to set aside internal difficulties by an external war. We could meet this desire half-way, because it would be to our interest to have the great war soon. We do not require any new provinces, but we do require the war." The author describes it as a settled conviction in Germany that war is inevitable, and equally settled that the time should not be dictated by the enemy. But according to his view, the chief gain of the last war was the territory of Alsace and Lorraine who key of the country. The people of these provinces, he thinks, might easily be spared, and as for the milliards of compensation money, the gain of it was doubtful. The long stay of the Germans in a land that is richer and more favoured by climate than their own proved demoralising. "Had the French realised their advantage," he naively says, "they would have paid their debt very slowly, asked for a large army of occupation, and drunk its health copiously. France would then have been our Capua," As to the results of a foreign war on Germany, the author thinks that whilst it would cure the spirit of extravagance which the division of French milliards and other causes have induced, it would only tend to consolidate the unity of the empire. This is his summing-up "The building of our German empire is extraordinarily firm. It has been set up with all. means of modern technical, and with five-fold security. But because it does not appear quite simple to the spectator, with its Alpine, Bavarian, and Swabian gables, and other stately projections, it will be a permanent challenge to all critics of State-building, who will do their best to blow it down, i Then anyone who happens to be sitting in the window will perceive that it is getting rather breezy outside." "Colonial France," by O. B. Norman, late 90th Light Infantry (London: W. H. Allen and Co., 1886), is an account of the French colonial possessions, in which the author has taken advantage of the want of interest in colonial affairs generally to point lessons for the welfare of our own colonies from the history of French colonisation. He thinks that the crumbling to pieces of the colonial empire founded by Louis XIV. should teach us the necessity for inaugurating such a scheme of Imperial defence as shall prevent a like humiliation overtaking Great Britain ;" and that " out of the plans propounded by French Ministers of war may be found a royal road for the construction of a foreign service army, which shall obviate the necessity of garrisoning our distant stations with half-trained and half-grown lads." His chapter on Tahiti, the Marquesas, and New Caledonia will naturally be turned to by Australia a readers as an index of the value of the volume. The sketch of these places seems fair and vigorous enough, as far as it goes; and the summary methods of French annexa- tion suffer nothing from this author's telling. The special weakness of the French system is described in the words of an acknowledged French authority, M. Leroy Beaulieu : " The great obstacle to the development of this colony (Tahiti), and indeed of all French colonies," says M. Beaulieu, " is the harsh and arbitrary nature of all Government measures. Whalers and merchant vessels have been driven from the port by the formalities and heavy duties which are imposed upon them. No foreigners are allowed to live in the town, unless furnished with the necessary permits, and all are compelled to enter the town at a regular hour. In fact the island is ruled as if it were a convent." Tables of statistics showing the relative positions of English and French colonial possessions are supplied at the end of the book ; but on the French side the figures are far from complete, and on the English side they are not in all cases the latest available. Germany," by S. Baring Gould, M.A., with the collaboration of Arthur Gorman, M.A., belongs to a series which is being published by T. Fisher Unwin under the title of "The Story of the Nations," The author traces the life of the German nation " from the time when Imperial Rome was bullied by her valiant Hermann down to the hour when France fell before her, and the idea of empire (which had been a delusion and a terrible embarrassment since the crowning of Charlemagne) became under William I a power making for peace and strength." The style is colloquial, but the author must be credited with stretching a few hundred pages over a vast field of information. He writes in thorough sympathy with German instincts : but he recognises that the German military system, which seems to be a necessity of German unity, is costly and crushing. The best years of a young man's life-the most valuable for acquiring knowledge of a profession are lost to him. The country has to be heavily taxed to feed, clothe, and equip the enormous body of recruits j and the country is drained of many of its able-bodied men, who run away to America or England to escape this rigid system." Canon Bell, rector of Cheltenham, has so far braved the critics and trusted himself on the proverbial gentleness of readers as to bring out another book on Palestine. The full title is " Gleanings from a Tour in Palestine and the East (London: Hodder and Stoughton, 1887). The old story is pleasantly told, and readers will at least derive satisfaction from the information that the author and his fellow travellers thoroughly enjoyed themselves The place to be filled by such a book is fairly estimated by a quotation from a friend's letter in the preface. " It is true you will write what others have written, and what several will hang road before. Such a book makes and finds its own special circle of readers, who will have read it all nowhere else, and to whom it will give interesting information which but for your ' book they would be without." The book is enlivened by a number of illustrations of the most notable places I visited, and a map of Palestine is also included. Poems, too, of moderate merit are given in; and those who read them will admit that the publication is at least remarkable for one thing, and that is the reservation of " all rights." "A Short History of Ireland." By Christopher Page Deane (London : Elliot Stock, ] 886.) The author of this concise history claims, and evidently deserves, the credit of having made his book as small as possible. Yet there is also evidence for his assurance that he has consulted every authority that seemed likely to aid him in arriving at substantial accuracy. He seems to endorse Goldwin Smith's view, that the history of England's relationships with Ireland is " the miserable history of a half-subdued dependency," and that its annals are " the weary annals of aggression on the one side and rebellion on the other-of aggression sometimes more and sometimes less cruel and systematic, of rebellion ' sometimes more and sometimes loss violent and extensive; but of aggression and rebellion without end." The author could not help writing as an Englishman, since he is an Englishman ; but he says he has done his best to avoid partisanship-" I have not attempted to palliate the aggression, cruel and systematic, of my ancestors, nor to overstate the violence of rebels; neither have I ?^^~" a attempted, except in the most trifling degree, to pour any moral with philosophical considerations." The prominent facts and figures of Irish history from the earliest historical dates to the last general election _ aw fairly summarised, in harmony with these professions; and the result is a very convenient handbook on the subject. " Engineer Studios." by E. M. Lloyd, Major, Royal Engineers, in (London: Chapman and Hall,. 1887), is a reprint of three essays on Vauban, Montalembert, and Carnot, as illustrating the successive stages in the history of fortification and fortress warfare. The sketches are well written, and an elaborate introduction gives cohesion and completeness to the several studies. In " Reports on the Colonial Sections of the Indian and Colonial Exhibition" (William Clowes and Sons, London), we have a bound volume of the experts' reports on the principal classes of exhibits from the various colonies. The preparation of these reports was supervised by the council of the Society of Arts, and the present volume has been carefully edited by the society's secretary, H. Trueman Wood, M.A. " Duelling Days in the Army," by William Douglass (London: Ward and Downey, 1887), is gossipy, but on a nearly dead subject. The stories of long-buried affairs of honour are exciting enough, but not specially edifying. Under the heading of " Ghosts and Glamour," Joseph Booth has published, through Arrowsmith and Co,, a, collection of short tales, most of which "turn upon some local or family tradition or popular superstition." The author does not attempt " to discuss the special question," but rather to indulge his sympathy with, gliostBcors'by collecting in this little book some of the stories which he had occasionally put forth during a period of journalism. "The Ambassadors of Commerce" (J. Fisher Unwin) is the ambitious title of a very poorly written book on commercial travellers, by A. P. Allan. However, the author aimB neither at literary reputation nor, pecuniary profit. His" chief object is to place the traveller in his true position, and to accomplish this self-imposed duty he has cheerfully ventured a long way out of his proper element to write this book. We have received from Messrs. Longmans, Green, and Co. another volume of the series on " English Worthies," edited by Andrew Long. The subject it *" George Canning," and the writer, Frank Dr. Hill, steers between the adverse judgments of the majority of Canning's earlier biographers and the " passionate eulogy " of Miss Martineau. As far as possible, he gives Canning's opinions as expressed by himself, and even adheres to Canning's phraseology, where brevity pass vents full quotations. From the publishers of the "Ancient and Modem Library," Messrs. Griffith, Farran, and Co., we have received a newly revised translation of " The Imitation of Christ," by Thomas a Kempis. The text has been harmonised with the authorised version of the Scriptures and latest editions of the Book of Common Prayer; but in this edition attractiveness of form appears to have been sacrificed to cheapness. We have also to acknowledge receipt of five volumes of Macmillan's Colonial Library : " A Beleaguered City," by'Mrs, Oliphant, giving a narrative of certain recent events in the city of Namur in the Department of Haute Bourgogne, and characterised by the author as a " Story of the Seen and Unseen ; " " Tom Brown's School Days," by an Old Boy in a sixth edition, in which the author, contrary to his custom, indulges in a long and really interesting preface; "A Garden of Memoirs, c" by Margaret Veloy, in which, three short stories are told in a fairly pleasant style, but, apparently, with little force ; " A. Millionaire of Rough and Ready, and Devil's Ford," by Bret Harte, two realistic stories of goldfield life ; " Critical Miscellanies," by John Morley, including addresses and sketches on Popular culture, the death of Mr. Mill, Mr. Mill's autobiography, the life of George Eliot, PattiBon's memoirs,, Harriet Martineau, W. E. Greg, Franca in the Eighteenth Century, the expansion of England, and Augusto Compte. Five new volumes of Macmillan and Co.'s series on " English Men of Letters," edited by John Morley, are also to hand :-" Sir Philip Sidney," by J. A. Symonds, in which the author gives the ascertained facts from previously published biographies, with his own opinions of Sydney's character and literary works; " Sir Walter Scott, by Richard H. Hutton, a new edition of a book which has been largely taken from Lockhart's 10 volumes ; Samuel Johnson, by Leslie Stephen, an ardent admirer, who holds that there are few writers " who, when all has been said, we can love so heartily as Samuel Johnson." David Hume," by Professor Huxley, a new edition, only a few pages being devoted to Hume's life, and the greater part of the book taken up with a discussion of his philosophy ; " Gibbon," by James Cotter Morrison, H.A.s a biographer who holds that the lives of scholars are proverbially dull, and that the success of the Decline and, Fall" is largely owing to the wise discretion with which Gibbon subordinated himself to his task. The following books are also to hand, and can only be briefly acknowledged :-" Notes on South African Hunting," by Alfred J. Bethel, Adjutant of Bechuanaland Border Police (J Sampson, London), intended, as a guide-book to South African hunters ; " Ruthven Wrecks," by Rupert Greville Williams (J. W. Arrowsmith, Bristol), the story of a ne'er-do-well, who wrecked many innocent lives ; " Chain Rule." a little treatise on equational or continued proportions, in which the rules and examples are very numerously expressed, though the illustrations are really interests ing; "ABC Guide to the English Civil Service," by J, Morris Callan (Swan, Sonnenschein, and Co., London), showing the various appointments open to the public, the qualifications required, and salaries attached ; " Collins' Illustrated Atlas and Geography," containing 24 full coloured maps, and letter-press giving a summary of general geographical information : a handy book but not quite up to latest dates ; " Sisters of the Poor and their Work " (Kegan, Paul; and Co.), F I reprint of 12 letters by Rev. Henry D. Nihill, giving an account of work done by a Protestant Sisterhood, and interspersing a good deal of clever begging ; " An Easter Vacation in Greece" (Macmillan and Co.), by J. E. Sandys, Litt. D., St. John's College, Cambridge, giving an interesting account of travels in Greece by the Public Orator of Cambridge and his wife ; besides all the information of a Bradshaw respecting that come ? paratively unexplored country. 