A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD By JAMES PAYN," , Author of " Lost Sir Massinghbrd,." " By Phoxy, ' The Hum op the Ages," &c.;, &c.; CirAnxn XVIII — The Cai-tain s Speech. As-whcn a railway train is rapidly emptied of .its luggage, .on a platform tvhen' tlio "'express' is almost due behind it, .so .were the; contents of the Ganges hurried, over her . side aud into tlie'bo'ais; Not' an hour of tlie /calm weather, nor of daylight, was wnsted j'for it .was well understood by all that ' whatever ' seemed" pre- ciqusrnow, would iiave-ea; lancy value a lew weeks hence, and. might even make the differ ence, of life /or /death. . , , Though : tho captain's resolution'ns //regards thb vesseL.was ,/aeknow- ledged to be a souud'one, there was still a liope that/ after ,nll which was necessary to their immediate . existence ' should be got.ont' of licr, licr timbers . might . be mndci use of to build another .ship.; i-but. -for -this a long spell' of 'finq/'/wdather was indispensable,, as ;tho:'- conveyance of anything 'of size nnd ..weight /across '-the1 !reSf'"was 'vciy ' ''difficult, and;the prognostications of; the 'barometer were far from favorable. For tbe present; -however; morning after morning dawned in sunshine and with softest airs, and every evening saw the ncquisitionSfrom the ship immensely, increased. To, the ' more thoughtless and sanguine, it seemed that the stores' thus accumulated would .last , for, ever ; tlicy said , to themselves, with Robinson Crusoe, that never- before were ship wrecked men so Well provided ; but to those of better judgment it was' plain, that unless ..tlie island itself could' be made to 'yield th'cih "sup- :portj they .would be iu'the position-'of mcn'who live upon their principal, and that a day/must needs come, .and that at no distant date when there would be nothing left to. feed /so many hungry mouths. ....... .,,/ :' / The investigation of : the capabilities/of their piace of exile were however for the' time post/ poned for the work of salvage;; The Spectacle of so much industry omid a scene so fair'was in itself exhilarating." If our first parents had had some occupation iu their idle hours in the Garden of Eden, besides loafing- aud spooning, it/ is probabie that they weald not' have dnade such a fiasco of matters. Even the ladies. svho might easily have pleaded exemptiou from the common toil, nut Eve to shemo in this resDoct. for instead of roaming over their lovely dwel ling place in search of fruit, they busied them selves in sorting out whatever articles ' required care and good keeping, and in storing them afresh in sach places as the captain ' deemed desirable. This employment, prevented their ininds from dwelling upon their respective cala mities; while the invigorating, though' /gonial: climate; rcslored both strength and spirit; " The solicitude -with which they were treated by almost-all hands had also its encouraging effect, and thoy often found themselves,- to their own astonishment, discoursing of things around tliem as though thoy had been the /environ-; monts of ordinary life rather than' of an 'abnor mal- and exceptional-position. As a rule, Edith was the consoler; or, rather by: avoiding- MI reference to their past, beguiled hercompanion's thoughts from it. Now and then, howovcr, she -would; as1 it were- unawares, make/some allusion to if, which- -revealed the sepulchre where her, heart was-huricd. On such'occasions it.was the older lady's part,- not indeedrto com fort/her, for such a task. she knew to be beyond' her powers/ but ? to turn the talk, to olhcr sub jects." /..."// "'//. / '"L cahhot help thinking, 'Aunt Sophie/" said Edith, as/the two lndios- sat "in Ih'oir 'tent one evening comforting 'themselves, with. ":a cup ofitca after thb/labo'rs of ' tho day;.' -"-that this .must be one of the Enchanted Isles that sailors believed in 'until., within /the last. hundred years." - l' /" " .- //" ./'/-:' : ' d' That must be before tho gebgraphical books bogau to be published, I suppose ? ." ' i. ."Not ut ell. I remembor iu that old geo graphy of Do 'Lisle, which dear , papa used to set such store oil, they wore- marked .in a map ns<Brazil aud Asmtida'/' Even 'solute, lie oiiee told mo, as 1750, nu island never before known; but covered with fields and woods, and very fertile, //whs A seen i in.tlio iAtlhhtic,-iaud ' so sirongij Toucncu io> i lobe btiips ncio scqe irom England/ to explore it." , , . ; .. ;j. . . .. ; "I hbpo they'will be sent to 'oolt- forj this bhe;"-sigUed-"Annt Sophia,//': !, -., "| - ; "Itiis:: hardly - likely't- though tnc " parallel holds good in other respects ; for Do Lislc's notion wa; that it was tho country of ghosts, and are wo not here the ghosts of our former selves?" ./ "I must confess that wo have very good appetites for ghosts," observed Aunt Sophia drily ; a rejoinder, Etmplc and /cemmonplaco though it was, far more judicious nnd effective than any falling iu with the other's mood would havo boon. It had, also, the advantage of being true. In their new abode their physical health was perfect ; in such a climate, indeed, there was little fear of its being otherwise, except through tho monotony of their lives; and of this, as it turned out, the castaways had not long to complain. It was tho fifth evening after tlie'r disaster, and everything that could couduce to use and comfort had been taken out of tho vessel. Ou tho next morning it was understood that the much moro serious work of taking her to pieces was to bo commenced. The men were in ex cellent spirits in anticipation of this, tho first step towards escapo from oxile, though tho car penter had reported that the bauds 5 the ship had given signs of starting, end that it was un likely she could hold together much longer. The ladies were still at their tea, whan sud- donlly tho boatswain's whistlo soueded thrice. Thoy knew it to bo the signal for the' assembly Fubllsheil by special >10302(100013 with tlie aether. Ail lights rswrvcA of the wholo-ship's company, and started up in some alarm. Though not of course included in the summons, they immediately repaired to t'n« larger bay, and ou their way were met by -Master Conolly, who, foreseeing their appre hensions, had. coine in haste to allay thcm.: Some trouble, he explained, had arisen with one or -two of the men, who had helped themselves" ' from ono of the liquor casks, and tho captain .was about to address the ship's company upon the matter. ./ , / In vain tlie'ypung midshipman endeavored to persuade his fair companions to return to their tent ; their curiosity was too strong to bo over come, -and lie could only induce theiii to accept his escort— a protection which, as it turned out, was not altogether superfluous. . Not one or two 1 . only, but a good many of the men, exhausted with their day's work, and urged by tho natural liking which most seaman entertain for strong liquor, had taken advantage of the accidental ' breaking of a cask of rum :to:dnnk freely, and had .become very noisy and elated. They gave/ indeed, a. mechanical obedience to the summons of tlie boatswain, but it was plain from tlicir air nnd manner that they were in no condition to listen to the voice of authority. Tlie majority of the crew, however, who with thcm-;.had 'formed a ring about the .captain and his oilicers,. maintained an altitude , of respectful attention. . Something had already 'happened .which was not intelligible to the newcomers, but which could be partly guessed ' at by the attitude of the persons concerned Close to the captain were three sailors, Mellor, Rudge and Murdoch,, looking very flushed, and, to say truth, somewhat mutinous. .They '-had borne by no/ means a good character ou board the Ganges, . 'SO that it was not surprising that they should - have misconducted themselves on shore. Yet ' .the captain not only regarded them with such .troubled and anxious looks as were inexplicable ' to. all . acquainted ..with bis rcsoluto and - dauntless, character,, but was addressing... them in terras of consideration rather than remonstrance. "You have had a hard day's work and little to cat, and therefore thero is much exeuso for yon. But 1 must say to yon, as indeed I say to all, : that there, is nothing , more dangerous to persons ,iu our condition than indulgence in drink." " That's all gammon," interrupted Murdoch huskily; he "Was a huge man, beside whose ..giant form, with his large arms and hairy chest, CTeu tho captain's- stalwart frame was dwarfed ; '.' siuco we arc here we mean to enjoy : Ourselves, aud we doa't mean to be preached to - neither, nor yet bully-ragged as though wo were still on board of that cursed old hulk yonder."- .: . " That's. so, '".and " so-says I;" growled the oilier two men, wlnloa faint murmur oi applause < went up from a few others iu different parts- of . the assembly, (wlncli showed that thoy wore not without their sympathisers. ; The majority, however, maintained a 'silence which- was oqually significant. -They seemed -only loss amazed -at thcircomrades! -audacity- . than, nt the.patieuce aud toleration with .which it had been borne. , 1. ... I am sorry," returned the captain; in firm but quiet tones, which made themselves audible ;even to those who, like the ladies: and theft ' .conductor,. stood on..'tlie.very.:outskirts1of the ; .crowd, "that you should -so speak of .tho-.old. slup .which has been our : home so long, .aud I ; hope, upon the whole, not au. unhappy one.." > " Qnitoright, sir," " A good homo," " Aye,' and with a good-muster, too," went up from A- the uow -excited throng.iu all directions. . Tlio - captain took off. Ins cap.. and the . men began ,to < cheer, but became instantlyjsilcnt as be recom- . inenced. " , 1 j "Tisny I am sorry, that tany-t man' who has; sailed with me should entertain such unpleasant-: recollections -. of his ivoyage, or. of :tho ' cursed r ;old hulk f as he- calls it; which wo.are looking ou yonder, it may be, for the last timo." . : Wc.don'tAvant no .palavor,;,-wee.wauts , .. onjoy.. ourselves, we. wants rum ; " ; cried th y mutineers, with drimkeu vehemence. . ; ; - "Let- the -captain -speak,',' "Never 'min/.r-' black Murdoch; sir.F- ->? Three' clioers for- tho-:-T. old: Gauges I ".replied the crowd. : - i. ,.i -«ivi /" Rum ls very good in its way,:.but'woimayi u havo too much of. it;"- observed >.thoicnptaiu,n - with all the gentleness . of a moralist, , '.and,-: especially when, as in- our, case/ -men 'are ;cast. nshoro upon an unkuown land. snbjeet 'lt'.may-' bo to' tlie attack of savages, att-whoso.' mercy t oar- livos may -bo.i .| placed .-iwafco anyi x moment, -end dependent for. -our -slender . cliauce of cscupc upon tho cfilciency. nud.alert-i ness. of thoso on watch for a passingfsail. It; woiilu be hard to ho' doprived"of "'all hope ;ofr seeing our own country again, "With our' wives and sweethearts, because soine -dtuuken sconn- drel or ahothor.couldu't'keep from the rum." " That's so 1 " Threo. cheers forourwives. : - and little ones 1 " '.' Home, ./sweet i home ! "/You know what's.best-fbr us, .captain 1 " "I think 1 do ; but as. lias been proved loi me pretty clearly by:tlie conduct of-onc'or two of you -hero, wboravl . will mot name, I -am no: longer your captain. :v . '1 Vfe knows that fast enough, master," ex claimed Murdoch, triumphantly; "youarouv. master now, nor novor will be, ynb t " Well, that is a matter entirely foryonr own ' consideration, my men, "continued tho captain; /" the most votes must carry it. It is quite trim since the Ganges is not a King's snip, that with tlio loss of her, I have lost command of you. You no longer owo me any obedience ; but tiiat some one to hold suprcino authority must ho chosen by you, is cerlaiu, if wo would live hero for a day, without flying at each other's throats. Fix upon whom you will, so loog as lie be honest and sober, but when he is once chosen lot his wili he law. Even what has occurred to night shows, I think, the necessity for such an ariangcmcnt, while to-morrow — well, for all we know, to-morrow it may be too lato to make it. Supposoan enemy attack us, with no ono to give an ordirliowto repulse hiui. Suppose a ship came iu sight, and 50 men crowd iuto a boat where there is only space for 10, and we lose her I" "Right, right, we'll choose you, captain; there's nobody but you to choose," camo from all parts of the crowd. " Oh, yes, thorc are lots of others to choose from," continued the captain smiling, "and whom you do chooso must ho olectod in a proper manner. It won't do to shp'ut-for Jbnea to-day and for Smith to-morrow, and your decision, whatever it be; must bo put; down in writing. . You will find a paper in yonder tent with pen and ink all ready for you, and tho chap lain to explain matters, and show where the mark-must bo put for those who are not scholars. Everyone in the ship's company, officers. and men; will find his name there, and everyone will vote for whom he likes: onlr remember this;- that once recorded, it cannot be cancelled. Now go and choose your king." ' Chapter XIX;— The Plediscite, The notion of a Plebiscite is always an attrac tive one to all com raities. . . It was, true that on : bo present occasion the matter was generally ucderstood to have a fore gone conclusion. The m ajority of the men were too much attached to their old captain, and had loo great coafidcnco in him, to think of electing sny one else to rule orer them ; but still they were flattered by the idea of choosing for tliem- jclvcs. They crowded into the teat with alacrity, where Air. Ainsworth was seated at the table with " the agreement," as it was simply called, but on which in truth very ranch depended. It set forth the peculiarity of their position, and the necessity it involved of having s-nne lawgiver and leader, eguinst whose fiat there should bo no appeal ; while it left to every man the power of giving his vote to any member of the ship's company be pleased. ; Tho proceedings were not without a certain solemnity, for those who took part in them were iilied at least as ranch with tho sense of their own importance as of that of the matter in hand ; nor, was the ceremony by any means a brief one. Many of the sailors could not write, aud most of them had to be separately instructed in the novel duty demauded of tlicin ; while even the most accomplished took some time, with much loaning of their heads upon ono side and screwing of their courage (and their mouths) to tho sticking place to execute their- auto graphs, At last, however, all was done, though not before the fall of night had necessi tated the use of torches in the tent, which cist' their lurid glare upon a scene which rvas "in troth eminently picturesque and striking; Tn' the open air, oa the other hand, there was still light sufficient for the conclusion -of the ,prq- ceedings. . .. . ,, V,v ,;. The chaplain presently emerged "from the tent bearing , he document ''with its ''long' file of signatures, and followed hv (he wlioie of the ship's coinpany, moved towards the spot - where the captain with bis officers, or, - rather, , with those who had hitherto occupied that position on. board the Ganges, awaited his approach. After a few words of preface, Mr. Ainsworth stated flint one other person only beside their tato commander had' been nominated for the post of president, or leader, and as the names of those who had voted for the individual in question were but few, he suggested that, it would bo more convenient to read them out' iii the first place. At this there was somo applause, and not a little laughter of the sarcastic sort, which was instantly stilled at the sound of the captain's voice. 'If, as I understand, my men," ho said, "the great majority of you have decided to replace in my hands the authority which I be fore possessed,- it seems to mc that it would be luvidious, and, indeed, unfair, to those : who have come to a contrary couciusion, that their names should be made public. I neither wish to know Who they are, nor to know who -it is that in their jndgmcut has appeared to'thein preferable' lo myself. X shall take it for granted that both he and they will acquiesce in the decision of their shipmates, as , I. should myself have done had the case been reversed and I liopo no feeling of bitterness or disap pointment will remain iu the breasts of ahy'ono Of yOU." ' ' ' : i" — ".i; : Tho simplicity and straightforwardness of Ibis addresswent home to tho hearts ,of ... its bearers, chiefly, perhaps, because the majority of them were themselves simple and straight forward; - This reflection wonld hare occurred to -a- more sophisticated community that -'a- reference to tbo agreement itself would at any tunc put. tho captain in possession of tho in formation of which he had . so. chivalrously dccliucd to avail himself; but this idea pre! tented itself neither to him nor them: - A' round' of cheers aroso from the crowd- as the' captain took off -his cap. It wus a - thing; he never, did;, except at prayers, aod was significant of his being about to mako an important copirauni- cation. . " The first act of, my new command,'' ho said,, "is to reinstate my friends and yours (hero -lio pointed to the officers who stood around him, andwho, by their abstinence -from voting;: bad tacitly shown their acquiescence in tho government of their chief) in the same, posi tions of authority which they . havo hitherto respectively occupied. Your vote of this ovemng evidently npprovos their re-appoint ment, and yon will obey them, I feel sure, as cheerfully as you will obey me." . Another hearty round of cheering here greeted tiic speaker ; his allusion to their evi dent wishes (though it was probable they were unconscious of having entertained them) grati fied- them hugely ; and, moreover, with one exception, they were well satisfied with their ofiicers. As the captain looked round on tho circle of approving faces, he perceived that outhusiiism for the new order of things had reached its acme, and that the moment- had! arrived (or the crucial test.. of:. the : obedience of his voluntary subjects. " Tbie first order 1 have to give you men will, I kno\v, be au un popular one," ho said, lira low bat decisive tone ; "but when I tell you that in my opinion it is absolutely necessary, not ouly for the maintenance of that authority you havo just ratified . but for the safety of our lives, you will understand tlmt it must be executed at once, rati without a murmur, la the beautiful cli mate m which providence has pleased to placo ns, it may be for the remainder of oar days, strong drinks of any kind .will bo only neces sary to us as a medicine. One of those liquor casks yonder will therefore bo placed in the custody of Mr. Doyle. The rest you will break up at once, and in my presence." \- An ominous silence ensued upon this man date, followed by a murmur of uumistakeablc dissent. , "Do you hear mc?" continued the captain in a voice at least as ominous ; it was like the growl of a lion aroused from sleep. " 1 must havo those spirit casks broken up." At first not a man stirred from his place ; ihon oat from the throng marched Matthew Murdoch. The effects of liquor were still very discernible in him, though ho knew, as tho ayingis, "what bo was about;" there was less of audacity in his manner than there had been an hour ago, and he exchanged a word cr two with those about him— an appeal, no donbt, for their moral support,' which was pre sumably accorded to him — before he once more confronted the .captain; hts air, though impii dent enough, was not so defiant as heretofore ; and there was something of remonstrance, Minded with rebellion, in his hosky tones. "Look hero, captain ; right is right, but -MUW is KM9B— — y " Stop ! ' roared tho captain, in a terrible voice, aud looking found him with eyes from which all shrank on whom they foil. " Is this drunkon dog, my men, your spokesman ?" he inquired, incredulously. Not a sound was heard save the breeze iu the trees and the lapping of the sea upon the sand ; then, after a pause, two replies broko forth; " Yes, lie be." " " Come out and join him, then, yon skulking curs." - . _ : Then Mcllor and Budge came out in a shame faced manner, aud rauged themselves bestdh their ally. - : "Are- there any more ?" ; The wind and the;: sea alone mide . answer.- The moment, it;was felt by-al, was, a-, supreme que, -though . fetv pictnred,,, to themselves- its. immense importance"; 'the ladies, whom it con cerned most df'nll; the least. ( " Aunt Sophia'- indeed; was dumb with- fear-; she felt that mallers wero tu n state of tension,- which could only;be:reltcvcdjhy.; some.jtactriul despotic aut hority .upon the pne bnnd.ior of law less, .violence, upon the other, but her alarm 'arose from lhat'tnerc shrinking from (he appeal to physiral force ,:which -belongs to- -woman s nature; she th'onght neither4 of-' consequences nor ofthe opposing -forces — the ignoble, and, the. :IicrpiCrx.whicli:comppied the. spectacle, bofpre Her, , end .ybosc ,'collisiou, T-likc that of two -ttnouS".ifihTO3"«n£s>a'boat to' evoke an cxplo-, sion. — .... i ; TorEdith, oh tbe'otber handj-tbe -scene bad- a dramatic:; interest -so ipawerf ul.;and:iabsorb- .ing.tbfttdt left no. roqin for noprehcusion. She .had not. believed that, any incident of . the life ihdt was left To li'er conld have so moved her. Tfiq1 reason of' lliis;' though she was unaware of 'ch'e'fact; was ifs absolute noveltv. 'Her capa city for/emotion had not,;as sheuuiagmedy beeu tender.aT.ever, .but j.thoy could no ..longer be appfoaeiio.1 by tljo old road. No by-plav cf the 'drama' ''esciiped'h'sr.' She noted lire attitude of the ''captain'; a' statuo' of wrough t ! iroii his' firm set lips: that repressed the , pbat-iip. fire within,, aud the, eyes that- betrayed iit.- . She marked. the ungainly but significant pose of the mutineer ; his giant arm \ advanced to .'accen- tnat'o his words, his huge hand 'irbmbliiig witli hate and fear and liquor,' and with ' every, now and then a glance over his shoulder, ! h.3 if to makes'ure.of the presence, of.hjs shppbi-;tcrs. ' . i .iVYnriied by ,lhc, continued silehco that, speech was expeeted ot.him," lie " resumed.his remon strance. "f.' Beasori' Jis reason/' sayst'I,' and it' stauds'to reason' that being Vburowu 'masters', with plenty; of leisure and- -vietnals,-. that' we should , no longer, labor :but (enjoy .ourselves. What .we meh .wauts— — . .. , , . - . You menu jon.men, yon three, "Interrupted the Captain."! "" " ' " Nay,-' it'a whdt ive fiff wautsj only all have not the pluck' of MatlliewMurdocli lo say'it; we.- wants, since -.-weiarc :ashoro, to. itdsibithe sweets pfplenty.,!! .NpwtVthjteJiii<il.jsp1 sweetiu, life— save,;allassas.gqbd, liquor..; and as 'to des'rbyiiig all Ibem casks,' I; t611y-du ; As 'he' ended, ;hel touched, t perhaps' by? acci dent,, or to.cmpliasisc: his argumentV wilhrlhis projected;fiugerh:s..commaader's,arm,:jtwiich. instantly, ..,,ns .Jffme„.,powiHfnIt:sj3ring.;iiad; released ttgekpfr''tfp'ud$f;liEea calapniaiid l<ire)(efi.'&il;£n'.'ttie'sa;'', 'iTfieiw he'lay.-'like'ah ox in thVshafilblcsV and almost as huge, -.bleeding froni the slaugliterer'svaxc,5 fqr,the„pther's, fisyiad.cdughhimjin iho ! jajv, nf'tpothbrtwg;''''. !' " r., 'i self,'" tlinhderedUhe captain, . with; a. look' of contempt 'ht: the'- -prostrdte'-? hulk- before him, ;".puthim: indronsr iAnil now, lnyiraen,;- break up those spirit, casks, jand.ba quick about.it.'.?,,;. .j. -.Batli.prders .wereqbeycd.wi.thput.a: munnur,; the?iroas -nsed ..in' .p.unisiimqnt:;had,';as, peiiedj' beeu brdnght from tlie'Gaugesi' witii the other" ! resources ' of ", "civilisation; ''and were presoutly fitted-to 'Murddchls- huge form by .tbc carpenter,-: w-hpoWasii alsoy ; sergeauttat- nrnis ; While tljOjmen;, in gangs, jcacli under vnu officer,, pfoceedel nt.ohce ,to .brbak iii .th'e. Jiea-.ls .'of the spirit casks;au'd 'emptjf 'th'eif.cbhlea.iswpdn'tlib sahd. - ' I. "Itwas'not;'ono of :those f'nioraliTipberies'dof'. wiiich-;so much-.issoftcn ..made sby-Aliefpdrty! whicii.inccor.diugitojtlio.j'pporjevidouco.oftlie senses, has. qhqnqnbjiy.bqAq.qd,\: substantial triumph of 'authority!'- : Not' u'ufil all was'oVer:wds:Mt''fUlly'iuh'derStbod ; by tiiose most 'interested in'tiio struggle (imd oven then only by, a vague- sense of < relief), bow . doubtful had .been tho -issue,; if Murdoch., had. not laid, bis , "finger .on .the captain, the opportunity might liave been wanting which liad brought' i the " skirts of Iiappv chance" within his grasp,1 but as it happened tiiat one knock downffilow- Jlrnd re-established his supremacy. .- - ! < . , Aunt Sophia had been a little siiocked by it ; the .appeal to brute force— notwithstandingdlio' -acknowledged admiration of Ihe fair' six for' : the 'display "of physical strength— had' jarred- upon her gentle nature. ivmi e >z -rf-c \- "Doyou not think, Edith,!': she- said;-, as. they returned to their . tent, under,- tho, y,ouug midshipman's escort,, "that,, it .would; be, a gracious and proper thing in us fo':ask thi Cap; taiii to pardon'that poor man'?,,Ui!: ' ' l am not sure," Was (lie quiet reply.?1 " Ii bear,- of course, no more ill will against him Iban you do, but I should, like to -think about it , a little .before joining in such a request." , "I wonder who it was that was put forward as the opposition candidate to the captain;"! observed Aunt Sophia, presently. : i " He particularly said that ho did notwant to know," remarked Edith, with a half smile. " Quite right aud very proper in him, my dear," replied tho elder lady ; hut, then, I do want to know. Mr. Conolly, I see you know, come tell us all about it ? " " The uufortunato youth looked not a little embarrassed ; if he could have got away from Aunt Sophia ho would probably have done so, aud parleyed with her from a distance, but her ample arm was hooked to his. Ho cast a glance of distress at Edith that seemed to say " Fray observe that it is not my fault ; I am obliged to tell Lor," ore he replied to her question. "I believe, Miss Norbury, that the other candidate for the men's suffrages was Mr. Bates. He had only a very small following ; but that fellow Murdoch and (ho two others, Rudgo and Mellor, were among them. It was in my opinion the worst choico they could havo made,'.' added the young fellow, still glancing furtively at Edith's face, which bad suddenly grown very- grave and pale. " Sir. Bates is not a favorite of mine, I'm Bare," observed Aunt Sophia, "but we must remember, Mr. Conolly, it was not his fault that he wa9 put in nomination.' As our good captain says, let bygones be bygones ; aud don't you agree with me that it would be, so to speak, a pretty thing iu dear Edith and my self, as well as acceptable to his friend, to get this poor man off his punishment." , blaster Conolly twiddled his cap, and hesi tated, with his eyes fixed interrogatively on the younger lady. ''Of course, Murdoch will be. glad 'tp avail himself of your kind intercession," lie said; " but knowing tlie ill-conditioned set . of fellows to which he belongs, I doubt whether, they will like yon a bit the better for it."" " Moreover," put 'in - Edith, "With , sharp decision," I was once told by. one. .who was -kindness itself, -that it was. always a. mistake to -attempt to conciliate tneibase,. and . cruel, smco it only makes-, tliem - think, you arc .afraid, of them ; -nud as I, am not afraid - either, .of -Mr. Bates - or - his - following, any .interference of mine on (heir, behalf would -produce, a. falsc im- prcsiion " > i a -It was the first trnio tlint- of. lier owu free will, Edith hail- referred to her/lost , Io> or, .jCtcu, in; directly, since his death ;«and it was destined to, be the last. -..Conolly, -of course,, understood .tho reason of- bori bitterness against. Air. "Bales, but, not so.Auut Sophia, .w-ao had lie; cr - been made the confidnato of his. conduct at . Simon's . Bay. She only uudcrstood-that her proposal for inters fering. with tho course of justice .on,, behalf of Matthew Murdoch had, dike ; himself, been liicckrd on tLc head . , '/ I .-Tt-:' — — — ... . . . :u-i 111 --..;:.;: 