ECHOES AND RB-ECIIOES. TO L THE LITERARY LADIES. [BY AB ORIGINAL.] " The Adelaide Literary Society turned ont its Jaay associates, and it so declined from prosoerity in consequence that the ladies have been readmitted. — Crumbs. " O, woman ! in our hours of ease Uncertain, coy, and hard to plea.se, And variable as the shade By the light quivering asp<n made," With all thy faults—if faults they be— These own indebtedness to thee. The quoted words are Wilter Scott's, Perhaps one of bis random stots— But then-to all his readeT3 known- He adds in quite another tone— " Wb-n pain and an?uith rack the brow, A ministering angel thou." Oh, wily Walter ! thou wert wise ! The couplet is a sw ?t surpiise. At- first they cry It isn't trne Then frown, and think hard things of yon But quick the flattery beguiles, And every face is wreathed in smiles. The pill in jam's more bitter far Than ever p lls uncovered are; There is so much s of mystery Bangs round its bid rotundity. That—lifee poor Eve—we need must know; We take a bite, and grand tableau! But Walter's kindness is no sham, It's first the "jar" and then the 'jam," Tor good jam running all to waste For want'of jars, we'd have no taste; 80 first be ruffles up the nerves, And then biings in Uis best preserves. Though if we bite this bitter pill We find it gets less bitter still. Uncertain! Co; ! What words are these That they should mar a lady's case 2 As for ourselves, when past employ We like the sex a trifle coy. " And vailable a3 the sha^c!" Who doesn't vary, nentle maid ? All Nature knows the need of change— The wind from Lot to cold doth raJjge ; "Tor ever, on this earth of our?, We would not wish October flowers All the indictment is too thin To show more than a vesi il siD, For, Goldsmith's words, if hera applied— " Tby failles lean to virtue's side," Kxpriss the c-"se. Without a doubt The virtues blot the failings out. And so those literal y men Wouid seek to get ye back again ? Ihey dropped ye in a luckless hour. Or e'er experience tau-jbt your power; Now that your worth "they've leirned to know— S&y;, gentle maidens, wi;l ye go ? Fay, will ye listen when they speak? Or will you show a touch of pique ? j»nd tell them since they've helpless growr, You'll form a meeting of your own, And if they've nothing else to di, You'll let them come and leam from you ? The jam, no doubt, is very sweet That asks ye once again to meet; But bitter must have been the pill When thcr.e youn« men announced their w III, That all yout happy times were o'er. And you and they should meet no more. O, sweet George Elliot, did it vex Your soul to see your slighted sex 7 And BronUS. did it raise your " ire.'" Or call forth Mrs. Heman's fire ? And wicked Ouidi, did you pout When they began to weed 'em out 1 Surely this Barbira-ous affair— 0 Mrs. Wood, did looie your " hair ?' Miss Mulock, ("id you an?ry wax, And wish them all to " Halifax?' And Mrs. Uarr :t Beecher c?towe, Didn't yon wart ; a rock to throw ? Your frame with indignation shook, 1 know it, good Eliza Cook ; And fierce Miss Braddon, would'nt ghosts Of slain Sir Guys have come in hosts If yon and Mrs. Oliphant Bad at these youths got half a slant I We would give something to be near And hear the Havergallian tneer, Or notice gentle Georgie Sand Scornfully point her lily hand And say to Mrs. Carleton—" Bah 1 Are these part of ' Australi-ah '" We hope. Associates, once more You'll help these you'.hs their troubles o'er; Yon know the easiest way to live Is to forget and to forgive; Take pity on the weak youne men 4nd kindly pick them up again. 