©be ©Kaitoe Cirnts-1 WALiIiABOO, SATURDAY. MA.Y 21, 1887. COBKUTT PRACTICES ACT IN ENGLAND. A short time since we referred to the fact that Mr Joseph Arch, the agricultural candidate for North West Norfolk, had discovered that Lord Bentinck who defeated hiin at the last elections, had, in contravention of the Corrupt Practices Act, given an elector £3 for services rendered on behalf of the noble lord. According to the Act candidates are allowed 35 days during which to render a statement of ac counts, and after this 14 days farther are allowed, during which defeated candidates, if they desire, can petition against the return of their successful rivals. These periods passed without any opposition. But shortly after wards a circumstance arose which had the effect of setting the lan in motion. It seems that in the village of South Creake there were two electors, a Thomas Wasey and a Charles Wasey. Thomas was an out and out Kadica], while CharleB Wasey was a strong supporter of the Tories, and, of course, used his influence in favor of Lord Bentinck. From subsequent events it was shown that the Tory elector re sided in a hot bed of Radicals, and the fact of his being an active local' regis tration agent, rendered his position so' uncomfortable that it was feared he would be compelled to resign his post. This came to the ears of the noble lord, so he straightway enclosed the sum of £3 " as a little present, a small compensation -for the 'trouble ; and worry you have hadin connection with the election and afterwards." And what Bounded worst of all, the sender concluded by reguesting Wasey not to tell anyone, tjiati .hp iad sent him anything. One would think that a man of Lord Bentinck's experience, would have taken care to adiiresB such an iimportant letter in\away thait: Uyould have insured its reaching the person, for whom it was intended. But vhe merely directed it to "Mr Wasey," and, as generally happens under suGh circumstances, the letter "fell into -the wrong hands.. Mr " Thomas" Wasey received the letter, and feeling that he had secured the means of changing the defeat of his favourite into a victory, he made known the contents of the letter, and straightway Mr Arch petitioned against the return of Xiord Bentinck. At first sight there seemed not the least shadow of doubt that the noble lord had committed an act that would at least cause him to forfeit his seat if it did not render him liable to severe punishment. But it would seem that English Acts as well as some of those of Colonial legisla tures have the accommodating open ings necessary for the proverbial "coacb-and-four." The letter was all the evidence which the petitioners pos sessed. There was nothing to show that Mr Charles Wasey had been an active supporter of the successful candidate. The Act allows a candi date to spend so much for advertising and necessary expenses; this Jjord | Bentinck had done, and his accounts gave the different items, which did not include this payment to Wasey. But although the Act is most pronounced as to the limits of payments "on account of or in respect to the management" of an election, it says nothing regarding payments for matters outside of this. It was argued for the defence that this was given for services rendered to the Conservative cause afterwards, per haps indirectly, by way of increased activity in the matter of registering votes. In any case the petition was dismissed, and Mr Arch has now the additional annoyance of having to pay costs, which will be no small item. New Justice.—Mr W. Phillips, Mayor of Wallaroo, is gazetted s Justice of the Peace. A Handsome Donation.—Mr Middleton, oo behalf of the Wallaroo Concert and Dram atic Company, has handad to Mr F. W. (bur ner, J.P., on account of Mrs Samuel Thomas, of Kadina, a cheque for £17 10s, being tbe proceeds of the last representation of Pinafore at Kadina, with a donation of 10a from a friend ar Laura. Donation to Y. P. Ageicultubax SoorRTY.—Tbe President (Mr F. W. G-urner, J.P.) has received from Captain Hancock, a cheque for £11 3s 3d, being proceeds of entertainment given at Wallaroo Mires. Captain Hancock has offered to arrange for repeating the entertainment at Kadina. Entertainment at Moonta Mines.—The m;mbpra of East Moonta Football Club gave' an entertainment on Wednesday evening, May 18, at tbe Primitive Lecture Hall, in aid of the building, and was well attended. We understand it is their intention to give a simi lar production in aid of the funds of the Moonta Bowing Clab in the township at an early date. ■Th* Northern Tebbctoby—The Hon. J. L Parsons, Govenment Resident of the Northern Territory, who is now in Adelaide delivered an interesting lecture on the Northern Territory in the Town Hall, on Thursday evening, the G-overuor presiding. Mr Persons is a.strong believer in the future of what is known as oar " White Elephant,' and there is little doubt his efforts will lead to greater consideration for the Territory in the future. Mubbay Waxes fob Irrigation— A Sydney telegram says -—The Government of this colony distinctly object to any water being taken from the Murray at Mildura with out tbeir consent. Tbey say that tbe Murray is ours,, and they decline to recognise any ar rangements entered into or negotiations con doc tad by the late Water Commission in con nection with the settlement of the claims of this colony and Victoria to use the waters of the Murray. Wallaroo Sale.—We are asked to draw special attention to Messrs Malcolm & Co.'s sale at Trye'e yards this (Saturday) afternoon when they will offer several valuable proper ties in the estate of Mr JohnOfltes, 2 superior dissolving view lantern and slides, 26 shares in Co-operative Store, also poultry, pigs, &c.; Singing and Elocutionary Contest at Kadina.—We direct attention to an advertie ment in another column of a grand singing competition in ths Kadina Institute Hall on Tuesday next (Queen's Birthday). We under stand that a- number of entries for singing and recitations have been received, and that Moonta, Moonta Mines, Wallaroo, Wallaroo Mines and Kadina will be repre sented in thevariouB items on the programme As this kind of entertainment is quite novelty on the Peninsula, and being a holiday we anticipate a full house. Deepening at Ardrossan.—Some con si derable time ago the residents of Ardrossan made representations to the Marine Board a9 to the need of improvements at that port The Ardrossan Jetty is 1,200 feet long, but at the outer end there is only about 3ft. 9in depth of water. As a result considerable de lay 8nd inconvenience has often been caused to steamers and passengers. It was pointed out that tbe jetty would have to be lengthened 600 feet to obtain a depth of 8feet. It was therefore decided to increase the dep*h bv dredging. A provision of £574 was made the Loan Estimates for deepening a channel 50 feet wide, with a swinging berth at tbe end of the jetty. Mr Slade, the Engineer of the Marine Board, has gone over to start the work The large Priestman crane haB bean fixed on No. 7 Barge. On Tuesday the steamlaunch Victoria left Port Adelaide for Ardrossan with the barge in tow, and the work will now be commenced, in compliance with the wishes of the residents. The s.s. Maggie will also to Ardrossan, where she will be used to tow the barge out to the discharging ground. The same men who work the barge will also work the Maggie. Brady's G-pily Beefing- Syndicate.— general meeting of shareholders of the above the value of whose property is being recognis ed by the public, was held in the reading room of »he Moonta Institute, on Wednesday after noon, when a dozen membors were present presided over by Mr Emerson. The principal business was to receive the reports from the fflaia^ement and arrange for fat a re working of the ciaims. It was resolved, after consider aole discussion, that members; whatever their interest might be, should have one vote only and that all proxies must be given to members who shall not hold mora tlnn one. Regard ing tbe nugget received from Teetulpa, and view at Mr Mannheim's, it was decided forward it to the Warden (Mr Brown), as exhibit for the Jubilee Exhibition. Mr Berr man, who bad just returned from Teetulpa, produced some fine atones taken from the bot tom of the shafts, which »re 37 and 38 feet deep. Mr A. Short, of Maitland, was elected a member ofihe Committee, re Mr Earl, resigned; WaxiiAboo Corporation Meetingk—A' special meeting of the5 Ideal Corporation was held on Wednesday evening, for'the purpose of'opening -tenders for reinstalling of 12£ chains on Owen Terrace. The Mayor'and all1 the Councillors, except Cr~ BiohardsoO, were -present. The following tenders were opened,—Jas. Mutton & Co., £2 10s per chain, to'be completed June 14; O. Good fellow, £2 2s 6d, June 25; P. Williamson, £2 4s 6d, June 28; M. Liddy, lamp sum, £20, Jane 20. The Ore meet's estimate/for the work was £23 8s. Cr Chatfield suggested that as . the Overseer's estimate 'was lower than' the. majority of the tenders that the work be. done by day labor. On the motion of Cr Walkley, seconded by Cr Gepp, M. Xiiddy'e tender was accepted. In answer to ail Application from the contractor for repair of Owen Terrace tanks, £8 was passed on account of the work. It was reported that water continued to come iato both tanks. The. woik of bailing it out was left in the hands of the Works Committee. A vote of thanks was passed to the Overseer for the estimate for work on Owea Terrace prepared by him. " Cunard's Specialist Union.—The above company has been doing splendid business in 'Adelaide, at Garner's Theatre, as also in the other colonies. There is an exceptionally strong combination of comis artists, which for two hours at all events will dispel all thoughts of bad times and other troubles. They ap pear at Wallaroo on the evening of May 31. Entertainment at Kadina.—The Wal laroo lady and gentlemen amateurs who gave the entertainment at Wallaroo last week in aid of the Bulli Belief Fund repeated it at Eadina on Wednesday evening in aid of the fands of the Yorke's Peninsula Agricultural Sooiety. Owing to the neces sarily short notice the attendance was not large* There were some slight alterations in the arrangement of the programme, and the personnel of the performers. Miss Herbert j took' the plaoe of Mibb Kearse. who was pre vented, owing to a bad cold, from appearing, ! and sang " The Wearing of the Green" capi 1 tally. The same young lady in the Scotch portion sang "Better Bide a Wee." Miss I Welly Heath, took the part of the Queen in the Tableaux " The British Empire," and filled it exquisitely. The military portion of j the tableaux of " Britannia" was provided by j Captain Millar and members of the local rifle company: There was also an alteration in j the Welsh vooalizations, which took immense j ly, the first chorus—" Laud of My Fathers'* being vociferously encored. Miss E. Thomp son in the absence of Miss Thompson played the several accompaniments in the Welsh portion of the concert. All the other charac ters were the same as appeared at Wallaroo, and with perhaps the exception of the . choruses, the performers were equally success ful. Green's Plains Board of Advice.—The above Board met on May 11. There were present Mr E. W. Sawyers (Chairman). I Messrs W. L. Belling, G. P. Daniel J.P., W. Wyatt, J.P., and the Secretary. A memo was I received from the Minister of Education, inti j mating the reappointment of G. F. Mills, J.P. on the Board. From the Chairman of the Wallaroo Board, asking the co-operation oi the Board in permitting the children attending the schools in this district to-meet the schools of the Wallaroo Board to commemorate the Queen's Jubilee. The Chairman to reply that the Board regretted their inability to comply with the request owing to the distance the children would have to travel. Memo from j the Inspector-General stating that Mr John MeLeay had been placed in charge of the Pro visional School at Clinton, pending approval. The quarterly returns showed balance to credit of the following schools:—Green's Plains West, £9 14s 9d ; Kulpara, £15 Is Id j Pas keville, £7 5s 9d. An account for £8 from Mr J". Goldsworthy, iun. for painting and re pairing Green's Plains West school, on the Chairman's report, was passed for payment. Irregular attendance : Reports from the vari ous schools under the Board were received with satisfactory explanation in all but one case, in which no explanation was received. There were 4 applications for free education at PaBkeville school, 3 at Port Price, 6 at Copper Hill and 4 at Ifinnes, which were granted to the end of the year. Holiness in Adelaide.—The Sydney Bul letin thus discourses on our fair city. " The holy city of Adelaide is evidently going for the sad title of pre-eminence in grief. The courts are blocked with divorce-business, and all the sitting- room in the court is taken up by ladies in ni<*e bonnets whose religious convictions won't allow them to go to the theatre. The trouble began last Wednesday, when John Tucker, a prominent Wesleyan, rose to point out that his wife had packed up her trunk and skipped with a man who had something to do with a circus. She wrote to her husband in a spirit of leyity and Skid she wasn't coining back, and then she wrote again stating that she wished she were dead. The Jndge, after looking up a number of authori ties, decided that she shouldn't oug^t to have acted in each a manner. George Edge combe said his wife had rushed at him with s meat-axe, and carried on with James Howard. He caught them in the aofc, but as one of them had a club and tils other a saw and knife, he considered it best to smile and make a remark about the weather, which was numerous just then. The Court resolved that this sort of thing shouldn't go on. Then a bland German asked if his bartner in life had any beeaness to pring a trunken masher home mit her und call bim a " leetle duck." Aizo, if, ven a man hat been absdnt in Europe for two years there should be a new little pabjabont the place venhecame back. Also, vy his wifeshould elope with a burly aporiginal. The repre sentative of the law gave this problem up as a bad job, and then about, a dozen more men came in each with a little matter of his own he wanted settled. (To be continued in our that next.)" An Unfortunate Firm. — Something savoring of a romance (says an exchange) attaches itself to the schooner Sree Pas Sair, one of the few vessels of the pearling fleet saved from the recent hurricane on the north-west coast. The Sree Pas Sair, which in the Maiay language signifies the Belle of the Sea, n»s owned by Messrs Streeter (well known London jeweller), Chippendale (late lieutenant in H.M. Navy) and Haynes. Tri the latter part of last year young Streeter was taken- ill of fever and went to Perth, where he subsequently died. Mr Chippendale shortly afterwards had a sunstroke, from the effects of which he died. Soon after this a mutiny occurred on board the schooner, and one of the Malayseamen who had threatened violence was bound to the wheel by the order of Haynes, who was then in command. An hour or two after this, whilst Haynes was lying in his bunk, the bound Malay managed to escape lrom his fastenings, went into the cabin, and with a deep sea lead struck Haynes, who was asleep, a fearful blow on the fore head, crushing through the frontal bone, breaking his nose ahd inflicting other terrible wounds. The Malay thought the yictim dead, aB he lay apparently lifeless, but, strange to say, he came round, losing both the senses of taste end smell. Being in a weak state, he went to England for medical treatment and to the astonishment of the doctors he recovered- One of the leading London surgeons specially asked Mr Haynes to bequeath to him his skull, as he could oot understand how a man could livn with such terrible wounds. Fatal Kailway Collision ,in Queens land.—A terrible accident happened on the unopened section oi the Fassifern Railway between 7 and 8 o'clock this morning. A ballast train, consisting of an engine and six wagons, in which were thirty men. was travelling fast up the line, and when about 5 miles beyond Harrisville the driver saw that the points to the siding were open. He at once reversed the lever and applied the brake, but was unable to stop the train, which dashed into the siding and ran against four trunks, which were thrown, up and upset. The engine escaped, but many men were hurt. Several of them jumped off when they saw the. danger, but those who stuck to the wagons came off best; A navyy named Daniel Larkin was crushed under a truck and liad one leg cut off, besides being badly -smashed. The poor fellow died ten minutes after he was taken out. The following are the most serious cases,;—Stephen Daly,: collar bone broken; W. Dawson, leg broken ; George Harding, hip out; and .back injured; W. Johnston, leg' and jaw (broken ; Dayid Morgan, chest crushed and . wrist out; Bourke, scalp wound. Larkin's body was left at Harrisville, and the wounded men were taken to Ipswich Hospital. The points , where the accident occurred are supposed to have been left open by the -man who passed; » through with a tro'ly which was observed the siding.. Later—The latest particulars regardiug the FeBBifern railway accident state that it was Caused by a .man named Roberts, , employed by the contractors, who - passed over the points of the siding on a trolly and then left them open. The ballast train to ' which -the acoident happened waB travelling at : the rate of 12 miles an hour. About forty , men were on the truoks, and the one next to , the engine was smashed to pieces. Five - others were thrown about in different direc tions, pinning several men to the ground. ; The Totalizator Case.—The Register gives the following account of the abovecase ; —-The appeal "of, Mr A. von Doussa against the decision of Mr S. Beddotrie, P.M., fining < him £10 .for using a totalizator at the Onka paringa Races oh. Easter Monday, was beard j . before Hia Honor Mr J. M. Stuart, $.M., 1 and Mesere S. Schlank, J.P., and W. 0-ooob, 1 J.P., in the Adelaide Local Couit on Wed nesday morning. The case was argued on j similar lines to those used in the Police Court, and Sis Honour delivered a lengthy written judgment, in which he stated that the totalizator, by the Act of 1879, had been exempted from the provisions of the Lottery and Gaming Act, when used under supervi sion of a clab. It was as if the-Legislature had by the Totalizator Act declared that nothing in the Lottery and Gaming Act should be deemed to render the carrying on of a totalizator under the supervision of a racing club illegal, or as it :had said, " the betting at a racecourse by'jbeatis of a totalizator under supervision of a club is hereby declared to be legal, and the office" where such' business is carried on is hot such an office or place .as is defined by sections 13, 14, and 15 of the Lottery Act." The question arose— Did the Totalizator Acts impliedly repeal any 'provisions of the Lottery Act ? It could not be said that an express exemption from tbe operations of a general Act could properlv be ealled a repeal by implication. Only certain persons in. certain defined places and at certain restricted times were permitted to ubb the totalizator. He did hot find that exemp tive Acts were necessarily repealing Acts, and he had come to the conclusion that the Totalizator Acts did .not repeal any of the provisions of the Lottery Act, but only created a right that might bs acquired bv racing clubs. There being no repeal, there wag therefore no occasion to revive by the Totalizator Repeal Act the Lottery Act or any of its provisions. The conviction was upheld, with £L0 costs, but Mr L. von Doussa, the counsel for the appellant, was allowed a case for the Supreme Court on the points be raised. Moonta ,. Phuhabmonio Societt.—The members of this Society to tli« number of 24, under the leadership of Mr J. H. Thomas, appeared at the-Institute Hall, on Wednes day night, before a moderately filled house, when j a lengthy and varied programme was executed in a manner which elicited the fre ! quent applause ot the audience. Still it i wguld appear as if high class music was not appreciated by the general public, for on no occasion haB the efforts of this Society been thoroughly recognised. It was thought by introducing a new feature m the programme —recitations—by one whose powers of elo cution were favorably known, would have secured a full house. The programme opened with an overture "II Trovatore," by the orchestra, composed o£ four 1st vioiins, two 2nd, one vio'a, one double bass, two flutes, one clarionet, one cornet, one side trombone, and one euphonium, with Miss Barkla at tLc piano. The rendering left nothing to be desired. Tbe next number was Fox's amusing cantata, " The Jackdaw of Rheims." The soloists were Misses Gluyas and Hawke, and Messrs A. Hughss, Bourne, and J. D. Hill. Miss Gluyas in her rendering of " The Great Lord.. Chamberlain tarns at the sight" was warmly applauded. Mr Bourne, who posses ses a fine bass voice, did himself justice in the recitative " But wliat gave Rise." The other soloists 'were-, also fairly successful, and the choruses were decidedly better than when produced atra previous concert. After the Outpost," by the orchestra, an interval of ten minutes followed. Tie following are the numbers given.:—" The Morning Glory," orchestra, ?" When Winds Breathe Soft," company, " The Raft," Mr J. Reed, " The Wind and the Harp," Misses A. and F. Roach, who had to submit to an encore. " Heaven and Earth," Miss Gluyas, " I've Wandered in Dreams," Miss Rundle and Mr J. Reed, "All Hallo ween," Miss E. G. Bennett, " Love and War," by Messrs Hughes and Bourne was jauntily sung, and resulted in a demand for a repetition, which was responded to. A recitation by Mr C. M. McMillan, from Sir Walter Scott's Lady of the Lake, " Fitz James and Roderick Dhu," was given with much force, but the effect on the audience was lost for waDt of an introduction but lie was more successful in reciting the *' Maniac," which was listened to with breathless silence, and at the close an imper ative encore was demanded, when he gave a short Scotch reading, " Cuddle Doon," which caused a deal of merriment. A Lecture on the Sun.—The Rev. T. Piper, delivered at the Bible Christian chapel, Moonta Minesj on Wednesday evening last a lecture entitled " A trip to the Sun and what is to be seeu there." Mr T. Jones, C.E., occupied the chair. The lecturer had a number of dingratns arranged round the rostrum which lie exelaincd as he proceeded. To begin with, the lecturer gave some interest ing illustrations regarding the time that it would take to reach the sun (93,000.000 of tnilug). Light took 8 minutes; a cannon ball, 9 years; eound, 14 years ; an express train at 60 miles an hour would take 355 years; a horse doing 100 miles a day, 2530 years, and to walk at the rate of 4 miles per hour would occupy 6,350 years. This, lie said would give some idea of what was meant by 93,000,000 of miles. He then referred to the objects that would be encountered on the way in the shape of the the moon and different planets. The lecturer then referred to the aids to sight which had now reached such perfection as to place us face to face with the sun, which he then pro ceeded to examine, and he quoted figures to show its immensity as compared with that of the earth. The next division of the leoture was a most interesting one, dealing as it did with the materials composing the sun, and the progress of discovery which had placed these within our knowledge. He then pro- : ceedea to deaf"with the different theories, as - to ihe condition of the body of the sun. This j was followed by a description of the outside i surface, as given by different observers. The spat periods-were noted. The periods were of from 11 to 12 years. These effected the earth in the matter of rainfall. For instance, in 1868 and" 1879, there were comparatively tew epots on tbe sun, and the rainfall was scant, whereas in 1871-2 and 18S2-3 the spots were numerous, and rain was abundant. The lecturer then gave some comparisons between -the powec of the sun's light and that of our standards of light, and he concluded with a glance at. the different theories adyanced as to the suns probable duration, which although they differed widely, arrived at the conclusion thpt it must eventually die. But the sun was still shining—was still marching on his great circuit. It was a grand study, and the more they pursued it the more would their mental vision be enlarged, the more would, they, admire the sublimity of nature— the more would they wonder at the glory and grandpur of tlie universe. And the more would they revere and adore Him who made and upholds all by the word of His power. The Distpbaitce at Dookie Fabm.—The j4rgrtts giy,g§ the following rather amusing account."of the disturbance at this Gevern— ment training farm:—"The word * gentle man' is difficult of definition. Some of the students at the Dookie Farm, however, have, managed to define it in a wav that has the merit offatricfc originality. Barrings-out. rebellions, and complaints have been frequent enough in schools, but never, we venture to say, has disobedience been justified on such gentlemanly, or rather ' genteel,9 grounds as at Dookie: It seems that the students have been actually asked to do'work which ib not educational. An ordinary man would have supposed that for a boy who intends to. follow agriculture such an occupation as ploughing, or even olive-picking, would not have been without some value. Farming has " never been successfully carried on without this manual labor, though the ' young gentle men' of Dookie evidently think it is beneath them. Then they complain that they are not consulted as to the punishments which are set. It would no doubt be very pleasant if the master always took the advice ot his offending pupils on this point, but by some disregard of the rights of the rising genera tion the practice has not yet been inaugurated. 0ither'in the:gfcatnnjar schools of Melbourne or the public schools of England. We must admit, however, that there was a want of mannejrB at Dookie^ ^The Professor did not make & . formal call, leaving Mb card behind him, on the students who had- returned from . a brief holidayThis, of course, in the very home of the gentlemanly etiquette of the future was" an inexcusable omission. Eyery unprejudiced person will at bnoe see that tbe head of the College should haye gone round cap in hand to visit the boys placed adder tils care. But even worse tban tbe lack of manners in the absence of all proper con sideration; ' Tbe students complain that they had not a fair chance of ' getting away when doing anything wrong.' Such conduct on the part of the masters was certainly unsports manlike, and we may presume that even a detective would prefer to give his victim a fair start instead of catching him red-handed. It appears also that, the students rhave not bees allowed to spend the- whole night in the township, and that; ttjeyhave actually been { compelled, likeinany undergraduates, to attend lectures. They 'are evidently too gentlemanly for the present arrangements' of Dookie Farm; and if they insist on regaining at the expense of the State 'they should .be. allowed to do precisely wtiat they please, ad9 attend leotures or work, or stay out at nighi, according to their will. Perhaps the com plaints might cease if Mr Doer, the Minister of Lands, could only have his son, who is the ringleader of. the malcontents, appointed to the Professorship." Tableaux highly appreciated. JP&ENGii; crisis Hot yet cleared up. Tas Moonta square clothed in green. V Hark,the Iiark" was somewhat jerkv. A trip to the sun and what wasaean there. Fbbse legislation for the Northern Terri tory. ' 'The'Welsh music fetched the audience on Wednesday. Abeow runs in Adelaide to-day, and is a hot favorite. Mr von Tbetjeb has gone on a recruiting tour for a year. A convocation of the people, Mr Davies to boss the music. Mr Bennett thinks a good blanket better | than bad fireworks. Notices of. 100 amendments to the Crimes ! Bill liaye been given. Mr J. L. Pabsons has been lecturing on the Northern Territory. That was a grand little touch to have the Kodina Jubilee in July. The towns going to paddle their own canoes on Jubilee day. Fkench Government ordered 4,400 tons of preserved meat from Chicago. 30,000 of London. Board School children to be entertained on Jubilee day. These are 205 landlords in the -House of Commons and 400 in the Lords. Now, Mr B., why should those blankets bo gottl direct from the importers ?" Sib Reginald Hanson, Lord Mayor of London, has received a Baronetcy. Negotiations re mail tenders renewed with P. & O. and Orient Companies. Ottb Moonta friends are interesting them selves in the development of Rsetulpa. Owen Terrace to be repaired ; Mr Liddy contractor; below the Overseer's estimate. Lobs Colin Campbell is going through the Bankruptcy Court in order to pay his wife out. The Sydney Government has withdrawn the township allotments at Broken Hill from sale. . Mr Ibyinb and his men are now m Port Augusta doing that long talked of Hospital road. The delegates still in England have been banqueted by the Conservative St. Stephen's Club. Thr totalizator " bust" again ; another £10 costs, and an appeal to a still higher court. The Czar and Czarina are on a tour through Southern Russia, and are being well received. The results of examination at the Moonta model school highly satisfactory to some of the youngsters. Mr O'Brien has had to run for his life 1 while attempting to lecture on the Irish question in Toronto. i Why should Mr Horwood seek to deprive the residents of an opportunity of contributing to the Jubilee fund ? Mr Hud dart, of Melbourne, has ordered from England an 18 knot excursion steamer to carry machine guns. That's a capital idea to give the old folks a ride to the beach or out to a farm. There will be good grass soon. §§2,000 cases of oranges going from Sydney to London by the Lusitania. Accobding- to the tenders, roadmaking on Owen Terrace must be attended with less trouble tLan on John Terrace. The Crown Prince of Germany does a big milk business. He sells 1,000 quarts & day on his farm adjacent to Berlin. Mayob Phillips wants something to hand down to posterity, to let those who come after know what wo did at the Jubilee. Mr J. C. F. Johnson, M.P., baB been " doing" Broken Hill, and thinks that the ofr ficials have been unfairly criticised. The Premier of New South Wales haB intimated'that the'eountry will not be involyed in great expense in celebrating the Jubilee. Or Styles holds that money spent i" tea and buns cannot be regarded as expenditure on roads That depends upon the age of the buns. The Bulletin thinks that the fact of 35,000,000 glasses of Colonial wine having been drunk at the Colinderies accounts for the origin of the Imperial Institute idea. A Baptist minister is said to have vUited a farm house in South Africa, where no parson or priest had crossed the threshhold for 25 years. Cannot South Australia spare a few. It is reported that the authorities have discovered a plot to assasinate the Czar on the occasion of his state entry into Nova Tcherkask, and that twenty- four arrests have been made. I The Moonta Bent*h on Friday advised parents to inform the teacher or Visitor when they cannot comply with regulations. If the advice is aocepted it will save a lot of trouble and expense. Singing-, tea, buns, blankets, fireworks, copper medals, a ride to the racecourse, a trip to Adelaide, a j mnt to the beach or a farm.comprise the proposalsfor " holding high Jubilee" on the Peninsula. Mr NiEliD <of the iron jaw), who is a Com missioner for Sydney at our Exhibition, has been defending Adelaide against the asper sions of a N.S. W. legislator, who was jeering at the insignificance of our city. Quizzes states that a walking ghost of a more dangerous description than the one at Yunyarriejhas been seen between the Wallaroo Mines offices and a ^hut beyond Kurill&i; It always makes baok about midnight. This is how the Carcoar (N.S.W ) Chronicle (edited by a lady) touches up its defaulting subscribers: " This week our accounts will be out. The following week the summons will be out. Afcer which the bailiff will be in." Weitten on a deserted-hut door in the north:—Six hundred and fifty miles to the nearest railway, one hundred miles to the nearest post-office, six and a half inPes to wood, three miles to water, six inches from hell. G-od bless our home. Gone So lire with my mother-in-law." Hopes are again entertained .that a definite settlement ot the Afghan boundary dispute may be arrived at by the Commission which has assembled at St. Petersburg, and Colonel -Ridgway, the Chief 'Commissioner for Great Britain, and his assistants will shortly" renew negotiations with a view to a" speedy settle ment. - The value of advertising was proved in a remarkable manner lately at Mackay (Q). A small boy went amissing, and an advertise ment was inserted in the local Mercury. Two-days later h<» was ..discovered—inside an alligator^ and the animal in its last moments had been heading for the place where the reward was to be paid. The Parkes Government says a (Sydney exchange) will fail to give effect to any of their promised financial reforms. A property tax will not beprojosed, as it is well known that-the Upper House as now constituted will not pass such a' measure, and the bill to repeal .the ad valorem dutie s will t»s rejected by them for the sufficient reason that the passing of it wonld supply a good ground for a property-tax. The members of the Irish College of the Roman Catholic Church at Home have pre sented an address to the Vatican, in which they deplore the present dissensions in Ireland, and strongly blame some of the political agitators in that country. ' They declare that Mr Parnell has made traitors of the masses of-the -Irish people/ The address then goes on to refer to the present aspect of the struggle for Home fiule, and in scathing termsit condemns Mr Gladstone, and con trasts various portions of his political career and'his' attitude towards'the majority of Irishmen at different times. A certain; Australian youth, who, to tlie world's surprise, some time' agoraarried a rich young widow of sixty-five,-was asked the other day ;: " You don't mean to say you have really separated from your wife?? "Yes," was the reply " it's quite true, I am sorry to . say.' Incompatibility of temper bronght: about the result: The money waB right enough. My wife^was—well, some thlngioT^ a •'mortgage"' over the assets ; hut, what I could not etand was my eldest step son trying to punch my head «very morning. He was bigger than I was, and our tempeia were utterly incompatible. I knew he'd do it sooner or later, so I left." 