THE DEVIL'S LATEST WALK. (With Special Apologies to two Diiticeuisfced Khailes.) Frcm his villa in town at the dawn of dav, A.walking the Devil is gone, To visit his snug little urban estates, And see hoir his game goes ou. Over the city, the suburb, the slum, He i amble J from pillar to post, And backward and forward, observant though dumb, As a fleetly nocti-vagant ghost. And how then was the Devil drest ? In a close-bnttoned frock, and a Uijib-buttoned ve-4 W ith a pocket-kerchief of peacock blue, And nowhere the least little sign of a •jueue. For the Devil is versed in more modern page3 lhaii stories of Saints in thu Middle Ages. He Lnows the advantage of social conformity, And an vicious tail cow esteems en enormity. The Prince of Darkness, as Shakspeare says, Is a Gentleman—ia appearance. Of the horns, heofs. and tail of his earlier davs He has made a most politic clearance. He peeced in the Boasts of Parliament, And found but a factious Uabel. To a smile he was moved, for he thoiight, " They're improved On the stcry of Cain and Abel." Down a red river plied with wind and tide. A pig, with vast celerity. And Satan looked wise, as he saw ho-.v the while It cut its own throat. "There I" e.uoth he, wiih a smile, " Goes Ireland—in search of prosperity 1 ." Ee saw taw trying a Viper for slander, And searching a muck-beap for Truth ; And he held his nose, anei he said, "1 suppose That poison and filth in a duplicate dose Have medicinal viitues for Youth." He saw a Cynic regallti" a club With the latest patrician scandal; And a Socialist spcuter wbo howled on a tub ; And said he, " I should tnink they're about ou the brick Of a flood which shall i-nr-.c as to ancient Home Cauie tue deluge oi Ciotli ;»nd Vandal." Then smug Physicians and smiling attornevs Eode by on their vocations. Quoth hp, "I must join these smart chaps in their journeys; Unseen I would look in their joint-stock Book Of Society Revelations." He went into a Bookseller's shop Hard by to a learned College ; And there, peeping over the shoulder of Youth. Truth BeW PUates P la >" e <l ninepins with How neo-Greek noodles, in poem and fiction Draped dirtiest thoughts in the daintiest diction - How Ait uninspired sought some stimulant fresh' In cliarael conceits, and the lust of the flesh Cnsd he, "This is culture! The gauntest vulture On garbage will fatten, allowed to batten On the fruit of thin tree of knowledge." He saw huge Stores that small shop-keepers smashed, To Whose portals cash-paying patricians up dashed: Uig Companies, that piled lucre—and crashed • And the eyes of the Devil they sparkled and flashed, And he capered n ith great agility. Said he. " Big Monopoly's now all the go ; Mankind is enamonred of size and of show, Modest industry's stupiu, small enterprise slow, Ro room now for Trade's little fishes, oh! uo To succeed you must be a big whale wbo can ' blow ' I shall re-arrange all my affairs down below, ' And coavert them into a Joint-Stock Co With 1 Jested liability.'" ! j j S J | | j ! j i ; i , j l j I j j i j j | ! : —Punch. 