THE YANYARIE ' GHOST.' Our Cradock correspondent writes on May 16 :— Having read M.C. Shegog'a account of the Yanyarie ebost, and th&t; being so totally at variance with the account given me by M.C. Mitchell, I determined to go to Yanyarie acd hear or see for myself. 'Accordingly on Saturday evening— accompanied by Mr. Mitchell, butcher, of this township— I drove * rintrn tn £)in nlnoA. Tha fa.tnilv aw* nnnr living about three miles north of their old hut. On arrival at the hut we saw Mrs. Hatndorf and family and the little girl, her father and uncle, and a Mr, Bahr. They promised to give us every assistance in their power in order to elucidate tbe mystery. The house is built of stone, the walls being about 18 inches thick, and there is a slab floor. The spirit has ap parently followed tbe family to this spot ; it was first heard here four nights after their arrival. The little gul who is seemingly the 'medium' seems a very intelligent, bright, little thing, and is full of life when not affected by the spirit. The effect on the child when the spirit is anywhere sear is readily notice able. When awake it is shown by a' rolling of the -yes, a twitching of the month, wrinkles on the forehead, and by very deep drawn sighs; whenaslerp by a continual rolling of the head from side to side, and by sustained movements of the hand and arms. At theEe times she is nearly pukeless. During her sleep, ard while her head was rolling from side to eide Mr. Mitchell touched her very lightly on the forehead with one finger, and the little thing seemed electrified, fairly rising off the bed and disturbing the bedclothes. He stated that he received a revere shock at the same time. I repeated the same thine shortly after with exactly the same result. The child does not seem to be in the slightest degree frightened or timid, but will sit or stand wherever desired. Immediately the spirit goea away ihe child returns to her natural state— her pulse beats regularly, and she falls into a quiet, regular sleep. She can then be touched without there being the slightest movement. After having had tea, and while talkipg in the hut with both lamp and fire burning brightly — it being then about five minutes to 7 o'clock— the knocking was heard. Mr. Mitchell and myself at once got the little girl between us on a box, to make sure that she bad nothing to do with the manifestations. I had hold of her feet, and Mr. Mitchell of her body and arms. The knocking being veiy slight, we enquired if the unseen being wanted tbe lamp put out. It immediately knocked three times, the knocking coming from the middle of the floor under the slabs. Before putting ont the light we placed the girl on top of tbe table, and on asking if it wanted the little girl, it gave three knocks, equivalent to yes. Being a ked if it was the child's mother, it replied in the same manner. On being requested to knock louder it at ones did bo. During the intervals between the answers and the ques tions a continual tapping was kept up. The noise having ceased and the little girl appear ing fired it was suggested that she should be put to bed ; the bed was made up on the floor, and the Uttle one turned in. In. about 20 minutes, and when she was fast asleep, the light at this time burning, the girl began to get uneasy, and commenced turning her head slowly from side to side. The light was put ont, although the fire was burning, and the tapping commenced again. Mr. Mitchell then proceeded to put questions, asking in the first place that replies should be given with three knocks for yes and two for no, which was promised. He first asked it if it was the spirit of the child's mother?— Yes. Is your name Scmiltz?— No. Is it Coombs (the child's mother's maiden name)? — No. Is it Mrs. Schultz?— Yes. Mr. Mitchell having known Mis. Schtrttz then asked her— Do you remem ber Mitchell, of Georgetown ?— No. Do you remember Mitchell, the bootmaker, in George town?— Yes. Are you very fond of the little girl?— Yes. Would you do her any harm ?— No. Do yon wish her to stop here?— No. Do yon wish her to go to her friends ?— Yes. Are yon troubling Tier because Ehe is not christened ?— Yes. If she was christened would you leave her alone ?— No. In reply to several questions she said that she wanted the child christened in the Church of England. In reply to other questions she said ? she had been dead five years, that the child was 9 years old, and that she would live to the age of 27. All tbe time this was going on the little girl was very uneasy, her head moving from side to side. She was lying- on her back. It was during this period that the severe shocks were ex perienced on touching the child's forehead with ihe finger. The child distinctly states that ehe has eeen the figure of her mother eewn up . in white calico since she has been' where they are now living. Tbe same night thatJ the apparition, appeared to her, Mrs. Hamdorf, tbe little girt and two small children were all that were in the place. The knocking does not occur every, night ; sometimes two - or three nights ate missed, and sometimes they say it knocks very loud, making the building tremble. It did not knock particularly loud the night we were there, but ' quite ' loud enough to be heard, all over the house. Once or twice the knocking proceeded from a box, but the most of it came from the middle of the floor, opposite to the fire, which waa burning all the time. The girl's father only came home on Friday, and heard the knocking for the first time on Friday evening. He has been to Tertulpa, and seems to be in a great state of excitement about the affair. He intends to remove the child to his brother's place at Black Rock on Monday, and she will Btop there. He and tbe others are highly enraged against Mounted-Constable Sbegog reporting the affair in the way that be did, and cannot assign any reason for his doing so. During our stay all the younger members of the family were in bed and asleep, and all in the same room as we were, so that it could not, as your correspondent Mr. Chas. Rose says, be ' due to the secret performances of Mr. Hamdorfs children.' The night was very calm, there being hardly » breath of wind and the children all being asleep and watched. It oould not have been any of their performances. There were no ' wonderful exploits' performed by the spirit that night, but quite enough to convince any tccptio that the noises were not anything natural. The rapping continued till nearly 'J o'clock, and after waiting for a repetition until after 12 wo adjourned to a neighbor's house for the night. It appeared no more that night. Last night Mr. Mitchell, butcher, went down again, accompanied by hia wife and daughter, to have another hearing, and met there Mr. T. Eeed and Mr. G. Gadd, and eight or ten others. Everything was exactly the same as on the pieviouB night, and Mr. Sohultz has promised to stay there this evening to allow seme other disbelievers to go down and satisfy themselves as to the genuineness of the mani festations. I shall most likely be one of the party. Mr, Hamdorf leaves forQuorn next week. 