THEATRICAL GOSSIP. ' The Shadows of a G-reat City."£ .eatre Boyf " tle jTi^ii aok shepherd." Rlifinherd." hpera Hou^« e ., Babiole." „ I«oO !tvp " Princess Ida." & 6 ' T S> : e The Miner's Daughter." ilaxflndira i ' Stockings." lictona d , attractions. l ftI s *biaSk& Kink. t " Kilda " »° !um „ j-fi'uischorean efforts appear to be dwin Bog .„ t° i ju Melbourne. " Two soles with but • ain^ouglit. two feet that beat as one." ^ m liear of the indisposition of Miss Nina ,'e regret 1 " . 0er absence" has been greatly ^Satro^ of'the Victoria Hall. T one time manager of the Polyteclinict a nK' jaCLJ ' Hudson's—Cottier's Theatre, lias now gty-Nugget place, this time as a builder in Kn OUt III ft f ,„inr young actor, Phil Stuart, has been ^at bv Fraik' Gardner for the whole of Carrie [-8 Jtndiaii tour. f ' f«milv producing five minstrel comedians! knty 8 , 1 ? f„ 'i allude to the Gardners, of whom eSS!?®* Victoria Hall. t:\iiss Elsie May, having finished her 3 E ° G and the Royal Comic Opera Co., fefnt on the unattached list. L -,f l' C'a v ey going to let us have a peep at Kuction he lately secured in London ? ifniproui? have had glorious times of it in • ns The Sandhurst successes have been two nights to wanda-full houses)). " Queen .,,„ was then staged, and on the Saturday the Hvotliei's" made their appearance. The . „\L n put in six nights iu Ballarat. The 0c followsSigner and Signora Majeroni, we Gordon Misses Ellen Beaufort, H.R. Jewett, ' ( Btirline White, C. Kingstone, Newton. Griffiths, '„<f Bailey, W. C. Wilson (treasurer), and /business manager). The Majeronis' scening Zg have been a succession of surprises. .talk about all the pros, who have played Deacon J footballing the bucket is rubbish. Why, the bntJemau who undertook the character narrowly Ii drowning just before the "Struck Oil" pror tii US being able to fulfill his engagements. tak-the only Liddy—the gentleman minus the P tobis naiiie, has started ink-slinging, and is Hoc some really readable theatrical reminiscences »ith Australian journal. i ambitious operatic amateur writes to know how Reply-Ob! go to yell. iing is about one of the best knock- about ins we have here. B. K. first visited us with Billy Ion's company. |e latest addition to the schedule filers is Mr.Joules our old friend of the Alexandra Theatre. IssCarrie Swain has our old joke worked in on L paper—something about the two opposition [e short time back, " My Sweetheart" and " My Take it, dear boy, and welcome. We fancied at e it was unnecessary to add " Some papers (?) jpy." You might have made a moore maggiejtjoke. .yLynch's Co. is now erected as follows:—Lessee, -our Ouneust —Messrs. Crome, Oyston, Percy \V. Lynch, Parlatto, W. W. Lynch, and jeventeen gentlemen named Etceteras. A duet— LSmythe and Barnes—are agenting. Biz excellent, it. Why does everything Miss Swain takes to "a house a-fire?"—Why, cos it's Carrie's ft I ferZealand Cary" (It. W.) is about to be tender II complimentary benefit iu the Collingwood Town p tbeStb August. Cary is well-known in connection ff Zealand operatic management, and latterly Melbourne Exhibition and opening of the food Town Hall. Give everyone his desserts, and louldhavea boomer. jood story is told of one of the most popular lennes we have. The lady in question lent her book to a gent! eman friend to read, asking as a parflavour that he would leave it at a certain musical J »B equally certain date. The G. F. religiously b, but the lady,from forgetfuluess or from the fact liook being mislaid at the- musical hall, did not Tit. Sbe wished the gentleman friend up bill and iale(more down), and in her evening's devotions By desired that he might "jine the Hangels." i and months after the book turned up, having litis the lady asked and—well, there's joy in the Jn the popular comedieme. ay of our readers will regret to hear of the death o. Fairon, the well-known Dutch and Irish TUI, news of which came to hand last evening. PpastBIX years Mr. Farron had been connected le Jjyncb family of Bellringers iu their travels prat India, China, Japan, and other foreign Fj a ( s is the Australian colonies. In the M u l v auey in the "Judge's Substitute"— ems flayed by Mr. Parlatto-he was considered tor ,_„., some time past Mr. Farron suffered tf ay severe cold, caught whilst the Bellriugers Rangoon, British Burmah, which •i>_settiefl into consumption, and caused his ItSydney recently. of Bellringers appear to have fck r themselves as favourites favourite. with the C '? ,I ? d c °utinue to draw large audiences. 18 real Kivpnflf l y a most enjoyable one, and is 01 • amusement as well as edification. w e 0ut mentioned of the the joyful intelligence ft Mbe 1I^- common-Carrie Swain's f e complimentary letter. on i llis Eublvnio' return, will challenge Con. CM « S t fS (last man ^ wins) Jimmy is ell0T V ' aud did dwyer in to reach bicycle ^£r e P A nnn^' t . l3e ? elebrated sharp-shooter, etc., |w"t/r B»?" g shar l 3l y shoot out of the way— I 8 who Llr'" 1 . the the way of the band of Bke tbem tA n hlm Tl - l e Colonel, however, Men" hnt- i, a f he confesses they are good he 11 fix I em anyhow. W iWte.5 a i sb ' Whitbnm and King's ftf into»fnn i U , ccessful run in Brisbane. He has n pe pfoot-raceT d and lauded ' the second "ft?" 8, Hal1 is tak en over by Joe Billings in P&m; C M I0X r • ~ [We have received the apbom i t - Luscombe Searelle. We do not » s '-Ed PI V, 1 S ive it as news, according to |? e ' 1887 ''jv;vT °, py of Letter:—" Cape Town, rs HO5 E ]j(ilt01 ' of MELBOURNE PUNCH. een seut to me f^'n'whicb here from it 106 a cbn v 1S stated that a warrant was issued of "fell the fraudulent insolvency on or iSS 8 a las re t > 1 heg to state that these E'ynndatioi, • o " nwa n'antable libels, utterly fC«r. J. M. T ' au a acting under the advice of my iS^tralk if"^1111 . of Sydney—I shall, on my ta nBf ut teu °rlibpi o ° months, immediately l ub 8alnst e lished tV. a ch and every newspaper b l '8e, yom-fiT,? f u i e - By publishing the above 8 tl ita,^ ° LUSCOMBE SEAIIEXJLE." . fc^' 6 "ilL^ Promised a treat, when Miss conS 1^ songster will see the light. whole of the ^ Popular favourite songs te P „ a6t6 «rnont? SttlonH— Ungfa m_ lady au J at a^ the Victoria victoria Hail nan ^eral T J le Bole 1 agent is Mr. Harry be on ciin ,? 1 B ' i the Victoria Hall, where aie nightly. Bh0WS at Preseut ' t h a ^ K e ^ x S S Sood, I -Miss Eloise Juno is rusticating in pi oas Carlton -no wonder the ghost walked. camlet The Frank Scudamore production of "lia"s antl Bones" has proved a go with the Dampier crowd In Sydney. Alfred the 1st, of course, played he 'ero The piece (of which Miss Oliver, of Melbournl hoVi. t colonial rights) had an enthusiastic reception. —That "entirely new and original," religious and moral drama, entitled " Uncle Tom's CahiW" win served up up at the Alexandra T^atre tor' the fi ft tune, on Saturday night. The mischievous Topsv wfll be undertaken by Miss Carrie Swain, whose Svdnev reception in that character was simply " terrific " Vo w are told. Special additions havebeen made to the company and L. L. Smith's bloodhounds will also show up. Uncle Thomas should draw for some time to coml A^X^" 1 ! 8 ! grea p ci < l ; c V s ?l ,ens Sandhurst early in Thf wiv^c eXaUd ® r . the indefatigable » is still iu front, Jk? wirthy;of support, give a capital show, and m future will fold up their tents and show hi theatres, as a rule. They open iu Syduey shortly. -In Maurice Strakosch's book, "Recollections of an Impressario " recently published, he tells of Madame | rezzolini. She had a parrot which she always took with her in her travels. It had learned to imitate so exactlv the voice of its mistress that there was no telling the one from the other. One day, in New Orleans, Strakosch knocked at the door of his prima donna's room " Come ml" was shouted from within, and he entered La Frezzolina was in the costume in which Truth came out of her well. —Paris has a second Mozart in the field, Joseph Hoffman, nine-year-old Cracow pianist and prodigy who has given a series of concerts in Berlin and Copenhagen He is the son of the leader of the orchestra at the Imperial theatre in Warsaw, began playing at the age of four and a-half years, and at five years wrote a number of compositions,which have been published iu the abovenamed cities, where he also played some of the most difficult pieces of music by Beethoven, Chopin, Liszt and Rubinstein, the latter of whom considers him even now stronger than he himself was at fourteen. —A special combination company has been organised to open in Geelong on Tuesday next. Onzalo is one of the crowd—ditto, Harry Taylor, Mons. Loredan, Julia Simmons and others. Whittington and Hamilton are in command. —Miss Dora Mostyn scored a tremendous hit in Sandhurst, as a Street Arab in "Cast Adrift," her performance being spoken of by a local paper as equal to Jennie Lee's Jo. —The Dan Barry Company scored an extraordinary success iu the new drama, "Cast Adrift," which drew the largest house kuown in Sandhurst for years past.. —Country shows the last two weeks have had a very rough time of it, the provinces being extremely dull. —There is to be an extraordinary display of fireworks in October next (during the show week) in Warrnambool. A well-known Melbourne theatrical manager has the show iu hand. —Iu the new drama, " Cast Adrift," one of the most telling situations is the suffocating of three persons on the stage by charcoal. —Fenton proceeded to London "lately by an Orient steamer. —On the 23rd the Sydney Criterion will be taken possession of by " The Pickpocket," Brough and Boucicault beiug the managers. —Philadelphia poets are writing sonnets to the eyebrows of Mine, Janauschek for her " Meg Merrilies" performance. Her age ought to protect her from such assaults. —Boucicault's lateet play proves to have been an old one warmed over. The Boston Post says :—" ' Fin Mac Cool' is not, strictly speaking, a new play. It is rather a reconstruction of a former piece of Mr. Boucicault's— 'Belle Lamar'—which was originally written, we believe, for.John M'Cullough, and was first brought out at a time when the memories of the civil war were a good deal fresher than they are now." Biz 