Mu Prick at Wki.lingtok Paradp. Cok- orrgatfokal church. Tho ptam earnestly delivered discourse given in the Wellington Parade Congregational Church: last night, by Iho Iter C. & Y. Price, deserved a larger attendance than that- which was awarded iiun. Iu the body of the church tlmro were only -about 40 people, ro that tlie preacher had to bear the annoyance of speak ing to empty pews. Mr Price, in style, is modest,: calin and deliberate. His iwayors are perhaps tlie most noticeable part of his minis tration?. He conveys to one the idea that ho is blessed with a full fuith in the truth, of tho existence of God. And uot only so, bub that God will hear the appeal made to tiim, and answer it according to His judgment The language used by Mr Price in his petition summoned to one's j memory thoso beautifully rugged prayors which arcgiveoby George Macdonald, tho famoua novelist, and put into the mouths of «ucb characters os'the stonemosou in one of tho writer's earliest productions. Mr Prico chose the words " Be still." Froni God's-- work in nature he showed how much beauty -.-there was in the calm stillness of God's work all around us,- and. how lunch more pleasant was the beauty of, leafy nature, glistening with dew drops, m.a. quiet morning, than when the angry storms' were lnshtug the waves against the rocks, or when the loud roar of (he cataract was heard for mile3 around. Tho' Fsquiwo, in consc- qucnco-of tho stillncB? of tbo air in his northern, icy region, could hear the mother of children talking to them two miles away. In England there were only about half-a-dozen nights in the year in which astronomers could have a first-class view of the stars, in conse quence.' of the disturbances . in tho air. From these facts n natural lessen could be learnt. Froni the - manner iu which God ' worked in tho material world wo could learn how to be. guided in the spiritual. Some people wont on their way seeking after tho things of this world, nnd, although they got them, they lost tlie salvation which Gotl would give thorn. They gavo- too muclriof their lives to thintrs that were not essential to spirituality of life or growth of strength of character— in one word, to frivoli ties. God 'intended young men for something better than football. No ono liked to see a Same of football better than ho did, bit t God ad given young men minds, and an eternal life » was belter tliau the present life. God said to thom, "Bo still; give your tune to spiritual t Rings. Alio same lossomapnhcd to young women. It would l>ca bleisipg if young women excelled in spiritual things, but their time was absorbed in things mora teinp jnd'nnd amusing. He then alluded tothc mystcriaus nets of God iu taking away those '-who sottned suited for tho church or other good work,' and referred to the fact that many. Christians trusted too much to- cere monies.- The revelation of the Holy Ghost came to the spirit of man when it was calm. Those who were in tho condition described by the preacher ns living a "drooping spiritual lifo" would find a spiritual, remedy by going into their -room, becoming completely calm, and there communing with God. It was the duty of the business man, as well as the mother, . to find time during each- day to devote to the works of God. He had very little faith -in the noi.-io and btistlo . of the religious world. Ho believed injtho quietness and dullness of the communion- with God. He reminded them that this world would soon close upon the career of -every ' listener, and that tho placo that knew them now would knowdhem no more. It was our duty to pre- jKire for that time. - God would reckon us up. No. man was so bad as another said lie wits ; no man'was so good as another man said howa. We would have to appear before the. all- knowing God, who knew 'us aj 'we 'actually ' 