THE REV. CANON GREEN ON PROTESTANT DISSENTERS. ANOTHER REPLY TO THE REV. S. HEBDITCH. On Sunday evening, at St. Paul's Chutch, Port Adelaide, the Rev. Canon Green preached on "The Tivo Religions: that of Protestant Dissenters and that of the Church of Christ." The preacher said it was written in the address of itbe Chairman of the Con gregational Union that " the greatest enemy to Christ is the Church." It was written in Matthew xvi. 18 that JeBUs said—"I will fcnild my Churcb, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." It was written in St. Paul's EpiBtle to the Ephesians v. 2r> that "Christ Joved the Churcb, and gave Himself for it, that He might present it to Himself a glorious Churcb, not having Bpot or wrinkle or any Buch thing." He divided the Christian world into two oamps —the Protestant camp and the Church camp. In one of the divisions of the Protestant camp they had recently heard the voice of a leader, speaking out in clear and un mistakable tones the convictions of his heart and miDd, In the position be held as Chairman of the Congregational Union, Mr. Hebditch waB in the place where it was demanded of him that he should speak the truth. He knew that the Congregationaliste bound themselves to no man's words, however eminent he might be in character, learning, and ability, and therefore the address ot their Chairman might not be taken as the authoritative - exposition of the views of the body, Mr. Hebditch had said—" The greatest enemy to Christ is the Churcb. Make her ministers priests, her sacraments essential media of salvation, her voice law, and herself a visible corporation, and yon put as great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of the world as Judaism or Mohammedanism or any other Antichrist ever reared." From the hot com of his heart he thanked Mr. Hebditch for those words, for hiB candour, honeBty, and clearness. If he thought those things it was better that he should utter them that they might know whither a professed leader of Christian thought would lead them. He thought there had never been an utterance in the colony which had so forcibly and clearly demonstrated the fact that id so far as Mr. Hebditch represented the views of Protestant Dissenters, they had a system of religion totally different from that which through every century since the fiery baptism of Pentecost has been the blessed heritage of the Church of the living God. Mr. Hebditch bad said that he was surprised that it should have been thought that he re ferred to the Church of England. Though he had not the Church of Eogland in his mind, yet the Church was an integral part of that great Holy Catholic Church, which was said to be bo great an obstacle. That night bis object was to point out that unhappily there was a great gulf between the religion of Protestant Dissenters and of the Church. The Rev. Canon then proceeded to Bhow that (1) " The Church of England made her ministers priestB," (2) "madeher sacraments essential media of salvation," (3) "made her voice law," aDd (4) "maintained and acted on the principle that the Church of Christ was a visible corporation." These then were Mr. Hebditcb's fonr conditions, and the Church of England was therefore as great an obstacle in the way of Christ's conquest of the world as Judaism, or _ Mohamme danism, or any other Antichrist ever reared. After the Bishop had taken exception to Mr. Hebditch's remarks, that gentleman said " that there was never a State Church which had accomplished so much or at this moment had so much power and dignity and Buch an influence for good as the English Establishment." He mast leave the adjustment of the two statements to Mr. Hebaiich. Protestantism was strong in some things, but not in logic. The follow ing two statements contained a carefully worded summary of the cardinal points on which Churchmen and Protestants differed:— 1\. " Each man in th9 Church was regardednot as an isolated unit, but as a tnemoer of a family, a citizen of a kingdom, with his train ing in this world and his hopes for the next dependent upon his harmony with the family, his obedience to the laws of the kingdom; he could not separate himself from the organization, far less set up another in its stead, without incurring the guilt of rebellion, and forfeiting the privileges of citizenship. 2. Christianity was not a group of dogmas, intended to produce a certain type of thought, bnt a supernatural life derived from the God man, and effecting the restoration of fallen and disordered humanity by means of super natural agencies passing through visible and natural channels." Protestantism was abso lutely opposed to the Church in every one of the four points. Protestantism insisted that there must be an uninterrupted way between the soal and God—it has no de finite rule of faith, its watchword was division. The pulpit, not the Lord's table, was the principal feature in its temples; the need of mac, not the glory of the Eternal King, was the motive for its assemblies. It might erect beautiful buildings and rejoice in sweet-voiced choirs to please the taste and gratify the sentiment of those who formed its congregations. In the Church the prin cipal reason for assembling was to do publie homage to God as their sovereign and to express their love and devotion to Him. It was not for what they could get, nor even for their own pleasure and gratification, but for His honour. With Protestants generally, and avowedly with the denomina tion to which Mr. Hebditch belonged, the worship of God was the last object in view when they assembled together. One was staggered with the audacity of Mr. Heb ditch's assertion. He knew that the speaker uttered the conviction of his soul, and thought be was doing God's service, but—he almost shrank from saying it—was he not in awful and imminent peril of committing the sin against the Holy Ghost? The preacher concluded as follows:—"Time forbids me to say more. Mr. Hebditch hae, by the utter ance of what, doubtless, his conscience bade him speak, grieved and chilled the hearts of many who have been longing and praying that all who profess and call themselves Christians may hold the faith in unity of spirit. He has shown us how the principles and doctrineB of the Church are viewed by those who are separate from her. We can no longer live in a fool's paradise of hopeful fancy and imagination. Between two parts of the redeemed race there is a great gulf. Wilt it ever disappear, and the separated ones be united? Assuredly it will. For while we work and pray and sorrow for what seems fruitless labour, The saints their watch are beeping, Their cry goes up ' Bow long ?' and soon the night of weepiug Shall be the morn of song." 