Anglican Church Jubilee. The following address to her Majesty the Queen on the occasion of her Jubilee has been written on vellum in church text, and will be enclosed in a polished case of native wood from the grounds of Bishopsbourno. It is understood that the addreas waa drawn up by the Bey. C. G. Robinson, and written by Mr. F. 0. Timbury :— To Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &c.;, &c.; Most Gracious Sovereign, We, the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Briabane in Synod asaembled desire to ap proach your Majesty with the dutiful declaration of our loyal and devoted attachment to your royal person. We deairo to unite with your Maj- aty'a loyal subjects in all part a of the United Kingdom, the Empire of Ind_a and the coloniea in presenting this tribute of our respectful congratulations to your Majesty on being preserved in health and well-being, through the Providence of the Almighty giver of all good, to enter upon the fitigtb year ol a reign fruitful ia fcfcppftftta aad benign influences to your Majesty's subjects everywhere. Though we dwell on the farthest verge of Britain's extended Empire, and although the Church ot' Euglaud with us ia not established by law, or connected with the State, we beg to ossure your Majesty that our sense of national obligation remains untouched, that we cherish with siu-oro affection the traditions which we have received from our mother-church, aud the ties which biud ua to her in identity of doctrine and discipliue. We remomber with pleasure in connection with the celebration of your Majesty'a Jubilee, that our colony received its usinie of Queensland at your Majesty's express desire, and that we wore favoured not mauy years ago with a visit from two Princos of your Majesty's Royal House. It will also, we are sure, be a sourco of satisfaction to your Mujosty to recall the fact that the appoint ment of William Grant Broughton to bo Bishop of AustraUa fifty years ago, almost syuchrouise. with the period when your Majesty bogan your happy reign. Since then the Church of England in these colonies has developed and expanded in every direction, and to-day nineteen Bishops in Australia aud New Zealand look to Canterbury 08 the Beat of their patriarch. We believe that your Majesty will regard this progressive increase in tho Episcopate, answering to a corresponding growth in tho social ana religious lifo of our colonies, as a proof that tho Church of England with lis is au active power iv penetrating tho civilisation of our Southern world and leavening it with those divinoly-taught prin ciples which alone cau exalt a nation. We are confident also that your Majesty will welcome with us the mauy apparent signs that priuciples of ..deration akin to those which are drawing together tho Imperial and Colonial Go vernments, are tending also to consolidate the Church of England at home and in the various dependencies of your Majesty's vast Empire in one united Church. We welcome this year of jubilee as affording us an opportunity of expressing our gratitude to our Heavenly Father for securing and continuing to us the many gracious and salutary blessings of your Majesty'B fostering and benign rule; and we pray that the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, aud the Holy Ghost- may rest upon your Majesty and upon every member of your royal house. "The signature and seal of the Bishop ia attached. 