Wesleyan Church, SFARIEWELL SERVICE. At the Wesloyar Church on Sunday evening the Rio. J. Catterall delivered his farewell sermon to a largo congrega tion, including representatives of other denominations. who took the opportunity of testifying their esteem for the depart ing gentleman. lie took his text from the 20th chaptor of Acts and the 32nd verse.- And now, brethren. 1 commend you to God and to the word of His grace which is able to build you up and to give you an inheri. tance among all them which are sancti. fied." The preacher openedbyremark ing that the words of the Scripture were perfectly adapted to bless man in all conditions of life. How often is the power, efficacy and beauty of the Divine truth brought out in time of sickness, sorrow and bereavement. The comfort ing words are interpreted by circum stances, and often we weore placed under conditions we would not desire, yet after all we found the trouble smallwhen the gracious fulness and beauty of the word of God proved what a loving Master He is, and what a precious inheritance we have in Him. The circumstances they were assembled together under that evening rendered the words chosen very appropriate. As pastor and people they were to be sundered. For a space they had mingled together in the har mony of Christian fellowship and love, and such relationship was now to cease. In such a condition it was no small com fort to be enabled to commend each other to God-to the care of one who made and loves us. It was quite probable that this parting meant a separation for over in life's journey, as the distance they would be apart rendered the possi bilities of meeting again very slight, while in addition there were the usual uncertainties of life. Let us then in our last service, said the speaker, commend each other to the love and sympathy of our Father in heaven. He so com mended his hearers and trusted that they would join in the feeling, and he felt sure they wished he might still con tinue under the guidance of Him in whose service he had been from his youth upwards. By their church usages they had now to part, and he telt it a solemn event. How quickly the three years had sped, and how vividly did he again see himself bidding farewell to the largo congregation at Emerald Hill -his last station- exactly three years since. That period had passed, and he had been permitted to speak to them on the great questions it was his mission to propound. He came amongst them not knowing what was before him, with his imperfections and weaknesses,. but with the pure and only motive of preaching Christ. He had presented the truth in as simple and practical form as he possibly could, so that it might be easily understood. The three years passed formed no unimportant part of his life, andwouldhavo tobe accounted for in reviewing his work and life. In view of his responsibility as a preacher of the Gospel it formed a very impor tant time to him. The Apostle had said the preachers are they that watch for souls. In his term there might be evidences of non- success. There were those who had sat for three years under his ministry, and though we cannot interpret every man's life, the fact could not be hidden that it was very possible some were still undecided. So far there was matter for sorrow and regret. To those who knew the Saviour the occasion was admonitory but not uncomfortably so. It told them that the time of their opportunities on earth were going and they were getting more and more the meekness necessary for their final re demption and entrance to heaven, when the portals would be opened and the eternal welcome sounded as they entered their home at last. To those undecided it was a solemn event event in their history. The truth expounded to then had had no uncertain sound. It may have been uttered in weakness but the great fundamental truths of God's Word had been plainly set before them, and the fact could not be smoothed over that their privileges had been great. lie prayed that the unsaved would come to an immediate decision. He had not preached so as to lead the unsaved to believe that they belonged to God's family. It was a sad mistake to preach to a congregation as though they were all saved, that they were all justified by faith, when there was no testimony of their own consciousness of the fact. In every congregation there were some who had been adopted into Christ's family, and there were others who were not, and it was a miserable mies take to assume a man was in Christ Jesus if the opposite were the case. He deprecated the thought of meeting even in eternity any of the unsaved among his heares if they rejected the means of grace, as it might be that he had not urged the truth with the same vehe mence and spirit of love as he should have done. Still the Saviour waits to save all who will come and have peace, and he would commend them all1 to that God who says all souls are mine, and who bases His claim not only be cause lie created all men but because lie paid for them all by His own suffer ing and love. Calvary is his great argument, and are we not ingrates to withold ourselves when we were pur chased at such a price. The word of is grace is the chart to guide us in life, and He is able to build us up. In the figuro of the temple of the Holy Ghost believers are spoken of as temples. They are the living stones, each stone is a templeo and is fashioned by Godl to be used in Iis great temple. Io trusted their Christian life would be an advancing and progressive one to fit them for the inheritance of sainits. Their enjoymenlt was not all to be obtained in the future, either: it was to be oltained in the present lifo; it was no small privilege in our earthly exist ence to know God and enjoy the society of His peopIle, for as such we are not strangers, but children of one family. united by the ties of IHis grace. These enjoymenits wer preparatory to the homeo beyond, in regard to which we cannot c:or ought we help indulging in antici Iation of re-t in the future--rest from all earthly troubles and burdenis, and where we shall enjoy the society among the pure of those whomu we loved best on earth. How full of joy and rest : no mistakes or impurfections there; all are agreeable and full of love and purity, What an interchango of thought and love will be our portion. May lo build us up and make us meet for that inheri. tanco. But our privileges are passing. IIow many friends had passed away from the congregation during his minis. try, and as we see them go we must remomber they have only marked out the pathway we must ourselves iollow. The Scripture tells us that our stay here is only probationary, and after all the mutual enjoyment of thought and feeling and worship here surely it will not be that weshall be separated hereafter. Sad indeed would be the case of the person who 'had so many privileges and yet was cast out. Oh, the memory that he had sat Sunday after Sunday, and so miser ably misused his privileges! The ques tion is shall we meet again ? The Saviour stands over you and offers you a better lifeothan you can obtain by cling. ing to this grovelling world. You know that Satan has no business with you, and there is no need to give him six months' notice. God claims you, loves you, and wil receive-you with the kiss of peace. Let me invite you at this parting ser man to give yourselves to God. There maybe difficulties in the road that you would fain overcome, but are you going .on in-this troubled restless way all your life ; a life that is not worth living in yourpresent condition? Iearnestly ap .peal to you to place on the altar your anticipations and come to Him who loved us and washed us in His blood. Brethren; I commend y'ou to God, and to the wordeof His grace, which is able to build you up and give you an inherit ance withall theni that are sanctified. Oh, that the wish may be abundantly fulfilled. 