INYESTITDBE OF ABOHBISHOP ' ' KEYNOLDS. * The solemn ceremony of investing Hia Grace Archbishop Beynolda with the pallium which has been sent from Rome was per formed on Sunday, September 11. at til a l&ineartu; oi oc, rranaiB wavier by His Eminence Cardinal Moran in the presence of an immense assemblage. The ceremony itself was carried out with all the solemn pomp and circumstance of the Roman Catholic Church, and apart from its Bacred associations was a spectacle of so gorgeous a character that the impression it created upon the vast assemblage of spectators waa one which will take long to efface. Ihe music, which formed no unimportant part of the proceedings, was magnificent, the fine voices of the admirably trained choir and the tones of the organ filling the Cathedral with har mony. ' The air waa heavy with incense, and the day being a bright one, the sun's rays' bhining through the stained glass windows of ' the sacred : edifice cast rich colours upon the pillars and floor, enhancing the brilliancy of the spectacle furnished by the rich robes of .the. officiating prelates' and clergy, the numerous large lighted candles on the alters, and the adornments of the building. Long' before the hour fixed for the* ceremonial1 ft great crowd assembled, and as soon; aa the doors were opened the people' poured In, filling every available seat, the aiales, and even to the steps of the sanctuary. ' Partly in anticipation of this important event in the history of the Roman Catholic Church in South Australia the Cathedral had been enlarged, but it was in sufficient to hold all the people who sought admittance, 'and- many - remained outiide. Archbiflhop Reynolds is deservedly beloved by the people of hia See, and consequently high and low had a deep interest in the high honour conferred upon him. The interior of the Cathedral presented a Btrikiug picture. In THE SAHCTOAB7 were to be discerned the high altar with its sacred, furniture and adornments, the great candlea in maasdve silver candlesticks, and all the paraphernalia appertaining to the ob servance of pontifical high m*ss. Oa the eastern side was to be Been : THS OAKOINAI/S THRONE. a tall massive richly carved structure of Gothic . design, made of walnut wood, and forming a remarkable feature of the furni ture ; of the sanctuary, This throne was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and is a beautiful specimen of carving in the eccle siastical style. It is lofty and imposing in appearance, covered as it is with elaborate carved designs of a type familiar to us in connection with the old style of auch work of a sacerdotal character. It bears also the southern cross, the Archbishop's arms, and other emblems, THE CONGREGATION, as before stated, filled the whole Cathedral, but seats had been reserved immediately in front of the sanctuary, and were occupied by His Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, 'Judge Bundey, the Hon. Commia- : eioner of Crown Lands, tiie Hon. Attorney- ? General, Sir Henry Ayers, and other dis tinguished visitors. The Permanent Force in their handsome uniforms, under Lieutenant Hawker, filed,, in to form a guard of honour along the aisle for the Cardinal, but the crush ' waaso great that they had to occupy Beats ia the western nave. t-. h . ; .: 1 . i THE CEREMONY. 'i ? -?-.?;... - ! His Eminence the Cardinal entered at 11 o'clock by the main entrance to. the Cathe dral, and came in solemn procession up the ' aisle, accompaniedjby Dr. O'Saran (the Car dinal's {Secretary), Dr. Carr (Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr. Murphy (BiBhpp of Hobarfc), ? Dr. Moran (Bishop, of Dunedin), Dr. Moora (Bishop of Eallarat), Dr. Gibney (Bishop of Perth), Dr. Dunn (Bishop of Wilcannh), and Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale). On arriving at the sanctuary Pontifical High Ma&B; was per formed by His Grace the -Archbishop, who wore the vestments and mitre peculiar to his office. This, waa a solemn and imposing, celebration, which created a powerful imprea Bion, enhanced as it was by the magninent music appropriate to the occasion. The Cardinal in his Bcarlet robea was seated on Mb throne with the prelates and attendant clergy on either aide of him in. their robes and vestments, and in front were , the acolytes in blue robes and scarlet capes, forming a brilliant picture, continually* changing as the ceremonial proceeded.' After' Pontifical High Masa -the fauldetool was placed on the predella, and the Archbishop - knelt in piano at the foot of the altar, and the Cardinal removed the cappa magnum and was invested in cope and mitre. He took a place on the fauldstool. The Archbishop' then read the ' Jura Mantnm,' after whioa the Cardinal invested -him vitix the pa llium, . On investing the Archbishop with the ? pallinm the Cardinal recited the follomngpro leaaion of faith form of prayer in Latin:— 'To the honour of the Omnipotent God and the blessed Mary ever Virgin and the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul and our Lord Pope \ Leo . and the Holy fioman Church, ' also the Church of - St. Francis Xavier, ? to you committed, we' deliver to you the pallium taken from over the body of St, Peter, in which iB the plenitude of the Pon- -. tiflcal office witht he Archiepiscopal appela tion and privileges. That you may. use them here in your Church on certain days, which days are named in the privileges granted to - you by- the Holy See.^ In the name of the father, of the Son, and of : the Holy Ghost.' ? Thns ended a very .impressive ceremony. Father E.lO'Haran had the management of the preparations for the ceremonial, and acted as Master of the Ceremonies. The assisting clergy were— Deacon; Father Nor ton, and Bub-deacon, Father MoEvoy; Fathers Williams and Healey were on either - side of the throne. The other assisting clergy were— The Eevs. T, O'Brien (8. J), J. Herden, l-eetcb, Parsh, Lane, Lee, and Jorgenaon. The Cardinal's scarlet robe, which was of great length, was upheld by four bearera, THE PALLIUM. V ' The pallium, according to an authority, ia ' a band of white wool worn on the shoul ders. It has two strings of the same material ? and four purple crosses worked on it. It is worn by tne Pope, and sent by him to patri archs, primates, archbishops, and sometimes, ? though rarely, to bishops as a token that they possess the ' fulness of . the {epis-'. copal office.' Two lambs are -brought annually to the Church of 8fc' Agues at Bomb by the apostolic sub-deacons while the 'Agnus Dei' is being snog. The lambs ; re presented at the altar, and received by - ; wo canons of the Lateran Church, . From j hia wool the pallia are made by the nuns of; ! Torre de' Speech!. The sub- deacons lay the i pallia on the tomb of St. Peter, where they ! remain all night. A bishop cannot, strictly speaking, assume the title of patriarch, arch bishop, &o.;, cannot convoke a Council, con- ' secrate bishops,' ordain clerics, conseorate chrism or Churches till he has received the; pall. He is bound if he is elected to a See of metropolitan or higher rank to beg the pallinm from the Pope instanter.instan' tiw, in&tantmmt; within three months after7 bis consecration or from his confirmation, if. ihe was already a Bishop, and has come to the Metropolitan See by translation.. Meanwhile, be can depute another Bishop' to consecrate' if he has m due time applied for the palUum.' iHe receives it from ? the ^hands: ; of ; another: Bishop delegated- by the Popa' ; after taking an oath oi obedience ; to the latter, and wears it on certain great ! feasts, a list of which is given to .the JPon- * tifical, Be capnot transmit it to hla Bucoesior ! i or wear it out of his own patriarate province, &c.; If translated he must beg for-another1 pallinm. The pallium, or -pallia, if :he; .has. received more than one, are buried, 'with the Bishop to whom they are Igiven.' ? The early ' history r 'or,!' the J i pallium is involved in hopeless obacurity.' i We take the following facta from Chardbn : i—'rflist. des Sacr.', tont y.i'deJrOrdrer c. ix.' Pallium is the Latin name: for.' the loose upper garment of the Greeks. Among the Romans the use of the/pallium ?waB specially affected by philosbphenrand' 'afterwards by Christian ascetics. k Two great' ! cities, De Marca and Baluze;. believed that1 the pallium vita first given to Bishops aa a mark of special dignity by the Emperors; 'It; is true Pope Vigilips would not grant ..the. pallium to Ausanius and Aurelian, Aroh bishops of Aries, without the -Emperor's consent. Gregory the Great took the same precaution in granting it to SyagriaB/ Bishop of ? Autun. But Mb deference to the imperial' will arosa from the difficult circumBtances of the time, and De Manca admits that Gregory before he had been calumniated to, Maurice gave the pallium to YigfliuB of Arlea. without consulting the Emperor. ;;';^Thff pallium waa an ornament of metropo litans given to there perhaps from' only-fames; by the natriar chs and by the Pope uUtnaP comparatively narrow district whioh ,,was, under his immediate BupjerviBion.. 4?»ftfi3 Pope gave it tohia vicars in ^istantparttj , tnen aa a mark of special honour ^''g^JSgE then he required all western »»» to ask it from him before ^'^f,;*1'^ functions as Archbishops; v&m;&Jfg; rnle was extended even - to P.atrtarohs,A The drdinS placed the :paUium upon thfl Archbishop's ^hoalders and4 -Mesaed; hfer nastoral B&ffi; The Archbishop then-recdyed thi homage lot all the BiahopBtad-olergy*/ toS received the kiss of pcaos, ThJB-pielateBan4 priests made their obeisfmce8Y«W:ki§afed$hft Archbishop'B ring. The gardtnai^Secretara read the briefs appointing 7Dr,j Beynolda Aichbishop, , r ^ ,, j f^ ' ~x* -^ ', t . . . .-,n. c-z, iiiu lili ,1 