The Golden Hope. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. €t J dreamt a dtcam that was not all a dream ' BY W. CLARE RUSSELL Author of 'A Sea. Queen,' 'The Wbeck. of the Geosvenor,' ' A j Sailor's Sweetheart,' &c.; 77ie [Sight of Translation is Mcsentd.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. | CHAPTER XXYH. (Continued). j Stone made no answer. He stood for some minutes with his gaze fixed to wind ward as near to where the southern hue of the sun's dazzling wake would permit him to come to the luminary's reflection, hoarsely though softly rumbling through his teeth the plaintive air of the famous windlass chorus, ' Across the Western Ocean.' Suddenly ho went below and ? reappeared with the schooner's glass iu j li.- Viio sTiAiildora 1 ' I'm going to have a look round to satisfy myself/' said he. 'If the capt'n cornea on deck, point to tho to'gallant yard, Martin.' He peered at the conipasrf. * 1 Straight as she goes, mate. Not the sixteenth of a p'int off or to windward. Mind that ! Don't need much steering to make tnisgivin's sartinties at sea. Straight as she goes J for tbe capt'n shall have his way first, if it be my turn, after wards.' Goldsmith grinned gloomily, as if he suspected in *hia a doubt of his capacity as a helmsman, which was altogether too absurd to be resented, even though it was objectionable. If the island's to be reached,' said he, 'by me simply a followin' of the course given, it'll come up solid, right enough.' Stone went forward, clambered on to the rail, and crawled up the fore-rigging. The watch, who were scrubbing the decks, rested a moment on their brash-handles to cock their eyes at him. In a few moments the old man was on the top gallant yard with one arm round the mast and the telescope levelled. The schooner raced beneath him ; the foam arched out from either bow, curving into glittering, faintly rose-tinted masses of throbbing snow to windward, where it was struck by the seas, and spinning smooth as cream past the leeward rail ; the wind, warm, sweet and fresh, hammed melodies through the rigging onder him, and swept like an echo of summer thunder past his ears ; the deep looked measureless as the heavens, and the sun appeared an hoar higher than from the deck. The hair of the old seaman trembled to the wind, and the shadow of him from the waist down lay clear as a drawing in ink in the silk-white hollow of the little top gallant sail. Slowly he passed the lensss along the sea-line ; but when he had brought the tubes straight over the jib boom, he hung looking, motionless, were it not for the pendulum swaying of the hands which grasped the glass with the rythmic reeling of the schooner's mast head*. For fall five minutes he stayed aloft watching ; he then replaced the tele ecope in its caBe and descended the rigging with a face of wood. ' Anything in sight, sir !' called out old Breeches, who was swishing buckets full of water along the deck, whilst Sawyer and Hall scrubbed. ' Do you see anything, Bill ?' answered Stone. 'I ha'nt been looking',' said Breeches. ' Then sing out when you do see it,' exclaimed Stone, with a sour severity that affected tbe men as something new in him, and he passed aft whilst old Breeches grumbled, ' If I haven't to Bing out till then, my woice, I lay, won't be voted a inconvenience.' The morning grew in glorious fairness as the eun mounted. It was the Indian Ocean in June, and the schooner half a thousand miles south of the Equator. The white clouds soaring oat of the south-east gave relief to the monotonous shining of the light blue heavens away from the limits of the circle of the sun's effulgence upon it ; they were like scattered she^p upon a prodigious green acclivity. The Golden Hope was sailing a fair eight knots ; the swell that followed her brim med to her lee rail sweet as milk with the foam, and she went along with floating lifts and falls, soothing as the tender rocking of a mother's breast. Twice ere Hiram came on deck old Stone had the log hove : but if the men stared at him as kew they got nothing out of his face. It was wooden, Isay,inhardness; his manner, too, had a novel element of command in it ; he spoke of the men, not as if they were the Bill and Harry and Joe he was used to address, but as if he were the chief mate of a big ship, with all the discipline of the white quarter-deck sanctuary on his side, and the length of a fabric of large tonnage between his cabin and the knightheads. Breeches said to the others when they went forward, ' Well, you'll see ; that there manner don't fignify nothiog. He'll harden up yet as we gets furder along ; but it'll be time to speak out, as I told Micky, when he turus to aud hinfluences tbe parson to sarch about for what may ptove to be in his eye.' But the old grumbler took care to say tbis out of Stone's hearing ; for if the island was in the mate's eye there was something else in it beside:, which such an expetienced salt as Breeches could not vi-:W without understanding. Up and down, up and down stumped I William Stone, from abreast of the tiller I to abteast of the main rigging and back again, occasionally pausing to cast what Martin Goldsmith at the helm considered a careless glance towards the windward brightness, but following it on, by a lean over the side, to right ahead ; and this went on till the watch below turned out to get thsir breakfast and Hiram came on deck. It was 20 minutes before eight bells. The captain arrived, long, lank, and yellow, stopping out of tho hatch with a stride that was like the heave forwards of an ostrich's leg. He gave Stone a nod and weut to the compass, th;n cast his eye aloft to observe the canvas the schooner was under and the set of it, and . then, by this time having got Lis vision in goud focus, he sent a long look ahead and around. ' There's nothing in sight, I suppose,' said S -one. ' Nothen. But it isn't to be expected yet. William. Has this pace been steady ?' Stone nodded. Hiram threw a glance over the side, ar.d after calculating, said, ' I reckon on about forty mile bringing us to your bisland.' ' Forty mile ?' said Stone, reflectively. «' Well, I may be out. Ye know how I got the bearin's. They wasn't took from obserwations' ' Mow much out, d'ye imagine ?' said Hiram, grimly, looking at Stone intently ' Who's to know till we comes to the bsarings I've given jou V answered Stone, as wooden ia manner as in face, and iu a voice dry as sawdust. 'Ha!'' exclaimed Hiram, and he turned his back upon the old man tc scrutinise the sea astern. 'There'll be no more islands knockin about thesa parts to the south'ards ano west'arda of the Chagos, I suppose V said Stone. ' How far to the south'ard arc west'aras T' answered Hiram, grufliy. ' Why, insides of where we are now, anyways V 'No,' said Hiram. Stone took a short turn forward, am after a brief state ahead returned to tin captain. 'Did Mr Fortescue come rp on deel whilst I was below ?' asked Hiram, look iiig at Stone with a sort of eulkiness tha came very near to resembling temper ii tlie expression of his eyes. ' Yts ; l;o carr.o up at two bells. I took me half an hour io persuade him ti go to his cabin again. He talked in tha time more about his girl than I've heen him say sin' he fell to explainin' about th- * woyage. A man o' my age will have read i and larnt about a desl of human feeliu's and affections, but I never could have believed that any man's love wss like what the parson's is for his sweetheart. It'll be a bad job if he's deluded — it'll be a bad job !' . i *' Yes,' said Hiram, gloomily ; ' a bad : job for him an' a bad job for me ! ' Stone eyed him for some moments in tently, then a slow, barely-expressed smile softened the wooden look. He dragged a large lump of a silver watch out from some pocket inside the band of his breeches and read the time whilst it lay in the hollow, horny palm of his hand ; after which he went to the skylight and called to Johnny, who was preparing the break fast table. '? Jest knock on Mr Fortescuo's door, d'ye hear, and ask him to step on deck.' ' What for asked Hiram. The question was startlingly answered by a hurricane shout of : — 'LAND HO!' delivered by Breeches standing on the forecastle-head ; aud the excited roar of the powerful salt's lungs swept aft like the explosion of a musket. ' D ? the fellow !' shouted Stone, fetching his thigh a resounding slap, ' it wur the parson's turn next— but I saw it tust ! Hiram looked on a moment with his mouth agape, discrediting his hearing ; he then sprang to the main-rigging, but the lower stunsail was in the road, and he danced forward yelling ' Whore away ? Where away ?' ? At the cry raised by Breeches the crew had come up out of the forecastle as hard as they could tumble, and there they all stood, a lump of men, in the bows, with Hiram towering on his long legs among them, staring as one man at a faint tiny blotch of bluish shadow that yet 'dipped,' as theysay atsea — that is, rose and vanished with the motion of the vessel — upon the sea line ahead. 'D'ye see it, sir?' cried Breeches, eagerly stretching forth his short muscular arm, with fingers at the end of it like a bunch of warped carrots. 'Aye, by the Lord!' Baid Hiram, breathing deep with the excitement. 'It's land, sure euough.' 'Will it be Stone's Island, capt'nJ' asked the cook, who had run out of the galley on hearing Breeches' call. ' Why, yes, it's land, acd it'll want but two humps to make it Stone's Island,' responded Hiram, staring ahead. ' But ain't it hove into view too soon 1' cried James Kjtt. ' Give Mr Stone a chance, mate !'' ex claimed Breeches, sourly; ' Let's wait for the signs. That's no delusion yonder, anyhows : and if so be it's his island why then either the BChooner'll have over-run the capt'n's calculations or it's Mr Stone who's out by a few miles. But give him a chance, I Bay. We shall ha' been bloomin' unfair to th' old man if that there ehadder turns out to be the humpli fied concarn we've been all these months sailiu' to reach. '' 'Aye, an' it's right under the jibboom, too — steered for straight as a hair all the way from Gravesend, cuss me !' exclaimed Duck, who, being moved by Breeches' remarks, was in a fit condition to suddenly appreciate the direct and skilful naviga tion of the captain. '' Hay one navigatin', I calls it,' said Joe Hall. Hiram walked aft that the crew should not see the grin these tickling compli ments forced him into. At the same moment Fortescue came on deck. He had a bewildered look, as if his heart hoped aud his intellect foreboded ; the blankness expressed the neutralisation of one emotion by another directly opposed. He was deadly pale, the more remarkably bo because of the indescribable tint im parted to his bloodless cheeks by the thin, delicate bronzing of the sun aud weather, Hib dark fine eyes burnt fiery in their cavities ; and, indeed, as he stepped on deck his aspect was one of wildness, though it was bewilderment and the life time of emotion he had been passing through for the last twenty four houra that gave it to him. He drew close up to Stone without looking at the sea, and said, in a gasping way, ' What is it?' 'Land, sir,' responded the old sailor, once more stolid as a Dutchman and hard as a figure-head ; and he pointed to the sea over the bov?B. The curate looked that way with his mouth slowly opening till his underjaw seemed fallen like a corpse's ; it was plain he saw nothing, yet he continued looking. *' Is it the island we are seeking ?'' he enquired, without turning his head, and in the manner of one who apostrophises a spirit. ' I take it upon myself to say yes, sir,' said Hiram, adjusting the tubes of the telescope he had picked up. ' There can be no other land than Stone's Island here abouts.' 'Hold, sir !'' cried Stone, raising both hands and recoiling by the length of a stride. 'Not a word, Mr Fortescue, till you're sure ; till Hiram and all hands is Bure. Then my part in this here woyage'll have been played. I shall have done my duty. That's a'moat all a plain sailor man can do.' The curate has turned as if to grasp his hand ; but finding himself checked rather than repulsed, he went to tlie companion and leaned against it with his arms tightly folded upon his breaBt, and his eyes glued upon the sea that with every floating lift of the bows of the Golden Hope rose blue and sparkling into tbe whitish azure of the ardent sky under the curve of the schooner's pulling square sail. If ever there was deep excite ment aboard a ship the company of men standing on the deck of the Golden Hope felt it then. Was that de fined and dark blue spot upon the horizon athwart which ran the gleaming throbbing waters blown by the wind, the island of the clergyman's dream ? All work was dropped — breakfast forgotten — nothing teemed possible from the captain to the boy but to wait till the shadow was near enough to enable the glaBS to reveal Its proportions. All that was superstitious, myEtical, supernatural, in the voyage, worked in this hour— this flashing final hour of the long passage — like a spirit, as you would have known by observing the briny reddened faces staring ahead over the forecastle rail, with low mutterings among them of fancies to which pesitive alarm denied a clear tongue. The helm had been relieved ; Kitt was at the tiller, and steadily ha held the vessel to her course, with the trumpet of the tiium phant figure-head pointing straight at the heavens above the island ; and under her wide white canvas the schooner swept through the deep with every delicate black shadow of spar and rigging lite a swaying bow of ebony in the shining concavities of the sails. From time to time Hiram would drop the telescope from his eye and take a restless stride or two ; Stone stood to leeward of i the binDacle, often keeping his gaze fixed upon the deck, occasionally stoop ing Lis head to look forward ; and For tescue leaning with folded arms againBt i the weather rail, waited with his face i Btrange with its greyness and the ex pression in his eyes — which he would ' shift from the horizon ahead to Hiram. I The men in the bows were beginning I to glauce aft, when the captain, who had been working away with the glass, sud l dm y dropped it, turned eagerly to For tetcue, then with the start of a changed , intention went up to Stone aud said in a low vibratory voice, ' I see tha humps Bill — two of them. Look for yourself.' i The old teaman seized the telescope j and levelled it ; in a few moments lie called out, ' Mr Fortescue, it's the island, c sir J' ' It's the hisla^d, n.ea V roared t Hiram. i lioorah ! ' bawled Bietclier, and x.1 ihe signal the oilieis gavo vt-nt to their t pi nt up fetli'jgs in a cheer that drove 3 away with the wind in a tu.nn if noise, t ' Bill, some brandy — quick ! ' cried 1 Hiram, and in a spiing he had caaghl 3 swaying form of Mr Fortescue, There wore glistening drops of sweat, upnu the eiuigym&n;'s brow, his lips were ashen, : and there was a swooning upward roll- ' : ing of the eves ; but when Hiram clasped i him the sailor felt the power of the man's j will in the desperate shudder of resolu- j tion that shsok, but also rallied him ; he | stood erect with his hand pressed to his j heart. Stone arrived with some brandy; j Mr Fortescue made a gesture, incapable of speech. Drink it, sir,' cried Stone, with a stubborn, half fierce manner. ' Swallow it, in tlie name of God ! This is only the beginning. Think what's to come ? ' ' Drink it, sir ?' said Hiram. The clergyman put the glass to his lips, and never was the tonic of such a draught more needed. It gave him life, and, as he thuught, speech ; but when with both hands he had grasped the rough mus cular hand of Stone, his voice failed him with the first word he tried to speak; he looked at the face of the old sailor and wept. ' Let him cry, Hiram,' muttered Stone, anticipating the captain's sympathetic in tentions. ' There's no relief like tears. I know it: 'Tis a good sign — it shows his manhood's sound.' 'Bill,' said Hiram, 'your hand, mate.-- I have doubted ye— not as an honest man, —no, God forbid ! but — but — shipmate, I ask your pardon.' They clasped hands in silence. All the men had seen the curate break into tears, and when they observed him turn his face to the sea with his hands concealing it, they supposed he still sobbed, all but Stone, who stepping away a little beckoned to Hiram and whipered, ' Capt'n, he's with his God ! It's the island— it's proper he should pray. For — for— supposin she ain't there ! ' ' Since that's real,' answered Hiram, huskily, pointing forwards, ' the rest ought to be.'1 There was a short pause, rendered uq I speakably impressive by the attitude of the clergyman and by the silence among the men, that was accentuated rather than disturbed by the seething and washing noises of the water and the voices of the wind on high. Presently Fortescue turned and looked at Hiram and Stone. ' Would you like to see the island, sir ?' said the captain. ' It's features '11 be distinct enough now.' The clergyman took the telescope and pointed it. ' Cock !' sung out Hiram, ' bear a hand with the men's breakfast. Whilst you're waitin', my lads, see all ready for lusting out the boat. Ye can also turn to and get the dipsey lead ready for a cast. Can you tell me anything about the sound in's, Bill !' ' I don't recklet no shoals. It'll be deep water and safe to within a mile, any how. The surf '11 be heavy to windward. It used to be, as I recall. We'll have to pull in, round the heastern side.' CHAPTER XXIX. THE TRUTH. The island stood plain in the powerful lens of the glass. The tremble ot the surf at the base was visible, a thin white throbbing vein that gave the island the appearance of a mirage by the Burl's sug gestion of clear space betwixt the shore and the sea. It was still blue in the blue atmosphere, with a fibrine fringing of trees in places ; and the two hills and the graceful arching over into the water of the north-weBteru point of land with the eastern curve, made its resemblance to a camel standing to its belly in the water, with its head ander, as startling in its queer accuracy as a face in the fire or some wild likeness in a cloud. The moment Fortescue had it full, a swim ming and a faintness chilled his brain ; he shut his eyes, but, with less effort than before, rallied and levelled the telescope afre-Bh. As the liueamenta of the land came out tremulous upon the azure an overwhelming emotion of awe and dread and wonder possessed him. There v-as the island of his vision ! What agency but the hand of God had painted in its complete colors upon the eye. of his slum bering soul that little space of land yonder that had been as unknown to him as any valley, grove, or mountain-top in the brightest of the planets ! It was like being brought close to the Bpirit of God to behold that manifestation of His holy guiding ; to survey in its realisation the gleaming visionary object he had marked the darling of hiB heart appealing to him from. Had there been nothing of human tenderness, of human grief, of human yearning and passion, in this reve lation, there would have been too much of mystery, of high supernaturaiism, in it for the mind of Fortescue to support in his then state of health. But there was Agatha to think of ! The motive, the issue of the voyage, became an absorbiug thought, removing him from the perils of the great awe which the profounder sense of this act of Divine disclosure would have begotten in him. Was she on the island ? Would she be living or dead ? ' Dear God !' he cried in his heart, and his eye turned blind against tbe glass as his bouI came to his lips in prayer. When the schooner was within two and a half miles of the island they took a cast of the lead, but no bottom was found. Soon afterwards the larger of the boats was got over and towed astern, and the stunsaita were taken in. A gaze as searching and intent as ever shipwrecked mariners levelled from rock or rigging at the sea was fixed by the crew of the Golden Hope upon the island ; but not to their naked eyes nor yet to the glasses which Hiram and Stone directed at the land was there visible the least sign of any one being alive there. No smoke rose to the wind, no rag nor signal fluttered. In the glorious morning sun shine veering northerly, each small eminence threw its black-blue shadow south-weBt; off tbe surfaces of cocoanut trets rose a silvery greenish gleam that had the fluctuating irridescence of oil on water, as the breeze trembled in the foliage, and the setting of the little island in the pure azure of the deep, vivid and beautiful as it waB with rich tropical tints of vegetation, of bush, of long grass, of sward-like slopes, of the shadows of acclivities, of the checkered brightness of coral sand, was j accentuated in a manner that from the - distance of the schooner gave the picture a gem-like emerald loveliness by the heaping of the white surf along the wind- ] ward length of it, a boiling of breakers that had the dazzle of a mass of drifted snow. Now that the island was made one saw the relief in Hiram and Stone. The cor rectness of the captain's navigation on the one side, the vindication of the mate's solemn statement on the other, were a satisfaction to these two plain sailors that no wonder nor doubts as to what was next to happen could at all impair. ' We've done what we was asked to do, what was expected of us, Bill,' Hiram said; 'and that one or t'other of us is out by twenty or thirty miles means nothen, seeln' as iltere it is, straight ahead, as if we had been warped to it from the other side of the airth. But consider — only consider — if we'd ha' passed it out o' sight from yon masthead ! We might ha' found it by cruisin' about — acd we mightn't — and if we hadn't, you'd ha' been thought a liar, an' Td ha1 been thought hincapable of truly navigatin' a craft ; there'd ha' been rows arter rows, and a reg'lar bloomin' muddle, whilst as to him ? ' and he nodded towards t'or.eecue with an extravagant shtug of the shoulders, i But if the feeling of relief and gratifica tion w b lively and lasting, it was soon ; mbordinaUd for the time to an intense, i perfectly natural curiosity ;ia to whether tlie clergyman's extraordinary dream wes to be completely confirmed by the c!is [ co very uf the lady, or whether the island, by iis desolation, was to convert the t whole voyage into a piece of wild, worlli r less, shc-er superstition. As the sjiot of : land drew more and more »i h u the sc pe of the eyes fixed upon ii, the crtw I assjmbled in the bows and 'standing t by ' for orders, whispered among them 3 BelveB. The cheer they had given wtB not one t'noy -.-'unid have r-ipeau. i in iiiuit prcse'it- mood, 1c ^a-- tnie tiiu -;! isid Isy s )hd a:id su,f-b&a;:e-:, an a^ual f-xt ;h:u the most nervi uJy iiuj^inKUve co:t:d not couyerc into a fantasy ; but ii. was something that had beau se^n th .uaauds of miie3 off in a vision, ana therefore to ba viewed with awe and supeislilious creeping, as old Breeche3 implied, v- j:e:i, giving his trousers a drag up and spit.tii.tr over the side, he said, 'l'liure'snotliini; ii: it that's onuatural. I've seen tho lik-j-5 , of such isleyands scares of times ; but I dont miad ownin' that I wouldn't tac tile Talue of a gentleman's house ashore, to sleep alone for one night ou it. If yt was to tell me I'd see a ghost, Td go ; if ye was to tell me the devil was in liidin' there Fd go. There's nothing as I could feel cocksure on as 'ud stop me. But when tilery's no one to n-sy what a man might see, or wh it might happen to him, swaller my eyobails, Micky, if a chap's to ba called aleared for keepiu3 to windward of the moonshine in such a quarter.' (To be continued.) 