[?] P if TL BBADDOK, [?] rtAntfiOC to CDC""" "uu 9 r,lfb:lfi=ff5roEhtcr-in-law without l"> "v 0f her n .- There was Valentine, 9 "ft?" that h, to,ok h -i d rbaenoj ; and bo far 9 piesBD' :H ' n- "'11' Inht soon exercise a good 9 &«0BiaDffrf.n" health and spirits. 9 PHEtorn to the feu young 9 . to" WOBld br,ag H K;iir''3mcoIM «rr cniiablr »" her f'!,r e icgem ntr. She went to H llta tea o'clock every mgbt, Ja/M31 jyoro visitors ; but sl.c was ,,r| sbeO liitr8..wj , to lier habits in 9 SyaPP'115 DDtil Ta,t1cr fflorning. and rare J ? p witb Lady $'»' a" kok s iernoon tea with Lady H 5,1-U,"4 sho did not care to ride pf.yj'sfnonds. an h amuacments »» til d oVntr either by Adrian f i j r, might he that all she „ Hi molher. R AriaI, watobed her ink1 m ..hJnt seeming to watoli, full of "ell, bow weak heono. 1 t!(i i. a,nnioe«B of hie own life i&iiti; tbe bi »PP h Frcemantles were it' visitors in thclcng eummer fl'7"S'ei..t.U hours, sitting about Lidv Baltield and her son, o of the parish, and KL be more stirring, though loss ?n» reus of ibo outer world. Si tbe Mimes Troduooy came in, H wir before afternoon toa, just in time for Lt at tenni®, with Adrian and H1 P mlntle who wafl Ies3 aheep.faood Bh0 B'tl. w.i'b " b'own Hr lnd clear blue eyes-eyes in which the m ririlol candid and innocent girlhood HS I smile end sparkle. Bho wae a , „n»rpd bright, induBtrioue girl, BSt hs father and mother in all their H.odall their plans, and rilling her inferior brother with affectionate z'. There oould havo been no greater Sid than that between Lnoy Froemantle, fll Tigoorand freshness ol hor Girlhood, "iHelen Belfield, in hor broken hoalth and ''Ctarayead ohsngo in your pretty inta-'o-hw,' eaid MrB. Freemantle to BjICdd. 'Sho looks as if Bho wore I her to do that. Sho g btrs to ta cared,' Oonetouoa repliod, not want to have Helen pitied cli'ipiiied sboat by half the county, H 'Fijpl: told ma she was quite the r»6e in Hl-iIid when I was thero in June,' said HlililJi Tredncey. 'I mat her at two or Hlhli pirties, and she was always so snr. H pied that I couldn't g'-t a ward with her ; difcope, dear Lady Belfield, you won't lulodcededil I own that I don't like Mrs. Hhililay, and that I rather avoided any exciter with her.' H Ltiy Belfield wae eileni. She, too, had Hie Mb about Mrs. Baddeloy, and was Hgliccliiedtotiko up the oudgels in that kip'i behalf, albeit she inwardly resented Hlfiiiltedaoey's impertinenae. Ibe days went by poacef ully and pleasantly Heioph.biit thero was no revival of Helen's Country air and country hours were H fciogher eomo good, perhaps. She was a Hsilleleiewan and pale than she had been on in arrival, but Adrian's oalm watahtnlness Hpiedted no improvement in her moral Hiiiep, If she smiled, the smile was evidently u libit, When she talked thero was tho em! lit of constraint. If he came upon her nllioly in tho drawingroom or tbe garden, H ilvii generally to Dml her sitting in liatlesB ifaeu, with the air ol one for whom life hi neither pleasure nor interest. IbitetBle ol thioga weut on for more than imotb, It wastho middle of August, and lie weather was sultrier than it had been in July. Mrs. Baddeley was astonishing the H nieier visitors at a Sis: borough hotel, and H teiighling hor train of attendants, who had H nlllid to that paint from various shooting- tons on tbo Yorbabiro moors, Valentine wsb H pieg to and Iro over the earth like the Evil H Pet, In his journeying Irom onoruoo meeting Hb ttolher, H» cecivinfially favoured his tile with a lew hurried lines from a pros H ilieiil hotel, tolling ber his whsreaboutB. He appeared thoroughly to approve other iliileoeo at the Abley, and promised to join let there before the first of Ootober. Toil, so lor as it went, seemed , well, or at kait it bo Beemed to Lady Belfield. Adrian "not altogether satisfied, 'I don'l like Valentiae'a passion for the till,' be laid one day when he and Helen 'ne aittisg on the lawn after lunoheoD, she oiling bollevo to work, he with a volume of Ueil Spenoor on his knee, and his thoughts jif far Irom the pageB of that philosopher. u /!L''6n> 'bere is no truth in a rumour Ull I heard at my olub when I was in Loni ceo lbs other day.' 'What rumour?' H 'Apian aeBurod me that Valentine has a I J!'IDJb3rA SI. Austoll'o raoing stable,' , ;'c'lmi"sd at that sudden utteranoo ol. Aualell's name, and oould soaroely B knur him. I uie'iiid — aT0 novot board of euoh a thing,' I i»'i'iJ0n 'tn0ff 'bat St. Auetell and your I ,.1' , ot,e ''use friendv, although they I if. V'tlc "bile before your matriage. m ot, Auetell waB at Moroomb. If thero I rial?/ l"1"1 'n 'bo report, Valentine Is in Ibe I if, 1 ' 'Bhominious bankruptcy. He m,!l. ,?/onr 80"loment and the allowance I iLu l makcB bim. Neither of those I 'Tn.i: „h9, available for his oreditora, I 'lulu , ,'a a mon 0' straw, and has no I <1 a 'paaa'a'o in a raoing stud.' I L'l» 1 ' believe be doeB epeoulale. He I icmiii 60 "oes, and he bets a little I hi haa givon mo money that he I itiklA iD 'ut'- I know that there is a I Li n ing to-to-Mr. Baeohing-and K «kAu6te!1J. bn« 1 don't think I leiminl anything to do with it, beyond I «'Wo look at the horses now and then;' I .. 1 oops you are right. Helen The tnrf In I toi 8 a' boat ; it would be deadly for I ol 11J m .. P0 bo will have had enough I N tha?hn uib 'h0 end of thia J®"' I domeittn 111 w!l. sobr down to a more iWorn ,8' bat pretty Japanese draw- I of J0"'8 ought not to be alwaya I bwiroveAh-,110' reP'y- "or head bent I "Itch whioh «h 8t0n? a1 PPPiea in orowel- | hiiket all a ' a.oarriod about with hor In a I Baka no m?.a gl ad which Boomed to I Within PraBre,a than Penelope's web. I «a,oteit,nnn0,"bteo dayo after this little I "'tis chinn'o '' Adrian was Burprisrd by a 1 b wan n?i'n,f. a'etor-in-law'a spirits. 1 'has btfor«.Vbat. aho aoomed happier I liiUm ie ', bo' she was oertainly loss I '"PPtelted .Tni,1 on' 8bo bad an air of iv in»foioedn?ii, S?,wb'ob showed itself 'I Qll,e. laughed uli talked a great deal f 'aAdenlv tool, |(1® amabest jokes, Bud Bho violently tony, I , ' bead to play tennis I ' '"emed as t, Fteoman'1o- To Adrian I bidden f?® Was impelled by Bome i "col and oeonAit 'nd relief In move- ! >»w4S0,any',ina- S day, ha rem„n,k ovonts of the previons | "aoderirig abon/'rw n' ah hB<J been % I ADOOfc thfi PnwU »l. s_ il. I if' brat time j'a'S® burB. She had. for I 'bold, on ?helrlea,d'iving out "i'b Lady 6 ffP'CBiively „„8 nd'bo«he afternoon wae 1 bntteon(hQ V,.?im,Vand 'boo soon after i f" into the -.J ® ®book and strolled I on, and had m.t 1. had miaaod her B -ranis returning 'wo hours after- P-tho river, thntevn Italian terraoe by r oeired th0 proof A h" ?alk wh" ho bad re Ho felt that there'L y otk, and he fea,»A sn Bv" influence at -.St. Austel!. 'b ovii influenoe dootoinsp|re'a®gb while he was in Lon- relatlom between hi« il8"/® doubts as to the "oblemau. 8, a ' br,?.'har'' w»® end that ' Anatoli-, reputation i! 8 PO'iou and St. fl®d that light '.tBwer® aliko dangerous, ®i®od_fort8hJ ana B ® Helsn'e was not iLempta- ""l ""TimiJjti, iheiuthor, «"n. Adrian romeiuOnrea :uo eceuouu L,.iy Kildare's terrace and the morning ride in the Park, bath open to sU3pioion ; and his heart was ill at ease for the woman who was to havo been bis wile. : Ciiaiter XXVI.— Opening nis Eyes. While Helen was pacing the oyprees walk in the long August afternoon, Valentine was at York, where the summer meeting was in full awing. Interest as well bb pleasure had led him to the northern elty. He was not as his mother bad been told, a partner in tbe St. Austell and Beoching stable, but his interests were deeply involved in their suocass68, and ha had mixed himself up in their turf speculations in a manner whioh might reBiilt in a groat onup or a great disaster One of their horavB was entered for the Great Ebor, and Btood pretty high in tho betting ; another ran iu a smaller race, and there were three of the stud entered for selling stakes. Valentine had baoknd Postcard rather heavily for the Great Eoor, and ho knew that Boeohing and St. Austell had both lai 1 their money protty freely, and that both be lieved in the horse. To Beeohing, losing or winning was a matter of very little aonEo- quonoe; but liko meet millionaires he was very intent upon making his utable pay, and was very savage when tho luok went agaiost him. St. Aueieil was by no meanB rich and to bitu Postoard's sueoees must bo a matter of considerable importance. The value of tho horte would be quadrupled if he won this groat raae, to say nonhiug of his ownor's hots. Under these oiroamstanoos, Mr. Bslflold was surprised at not fiooiog St. Austell at King's Cross wheo ho arrived on the plat form just in time for the speolal. It bad been arranged a week bsforo that ho, Booch ing, and St. Austell were to travel together by this train, whioh left London at eight in the morning on the first day, of tho races, and wore to oooupy a suite of rooms together at tho hotel till the mestincr wm over. Mr. Bseohing had oharged himeelf— or had been ohargod — with the duly, .of engaging tho rooms, and of seouring a coupe for the journey. Mr. Bseohing was on tho platform, with his valet in attondauoe upon him. Tho conjw was engaged, and a piouio basket, oontaimng a Strasbourg pie, a obickon, and a ooupleof bottles of G;. H. Mumm's extra dry, was in the raok ; but thero wae no St. Austell. 1 What doeB that fellow rneaD by being behind time ?' aeked Valentino, when he and Beeohing had taken their seats, and the doors were being olapped to, all along the lino of carriages, 'St. Austell 7 He's not ooming.' ' Not ooming 1 Not to see Fostaard win the Great Ebor I' ' No, He's ahuoked up the stable.' ' Cauoked up the stable ?' ' Yes, answered Beoching, eoolly. ' You see he owed me a hatful ot money one way and another, and the other night ho and I had a general equaro up, whioh resulted iu my taking about seven shillings in thspoand all round. Ho surrendered hiB interest in Pjstoard, and the reBt of tbe etud, and I gave him baok his I.O.U.'s. He is going to India next week.' ' Why India.' ' Lungs. Can't stand a European winter, His doators advise him to try Ceylon or India. Ho is keen apon a grand oaetorn tour, and he's off to Venice next week on his way oast- ward. He'll notter about in Northern Italy. perhaps, for a month or so, and then put himself on boards P. and 0.' ' Queer,' eaid Valentino. ' He never told me anything was wrong with hiB lunge, thongh ho looks rather sickly at the boat of times.' 1 We can't all bo gladiators like yon, Bsl flold. I don't think St, Auetell knew there was anything radically wrong till he went to Sir William Jonner a little while ago and had himself overhauled. But ho has been laid up more or Igsb every wiutor for the last three or four yearn, and he has lived pretty fast, as you know. I should think India would ba a capital move for him.' ' Perhaps,' assented Valentine, pondering deeply, with bent brows. On the KnaveBcnire all their acquaintanoeB wero surprieed at St. Austell's absouoe,.and Mr. Bteohing bad to give the eamu explana tion to a good many people. Mr. Belfield wa9 irritated by this iteration, 1 Dauoo tako the follow, what a lot of trouble he has givon as,' he Baid angrily ; ' He ought to have oomo to Bee the horse's performance, although he bad parted with his interest in him. He has got a good deal of money on the race, anyhow.' The great day and the groat raoo oamo. The Enavesmiro was a Bcone of life and movement, ot vivid colour and ceaseless ani mation, a eoeno of universal gladnesB, one would suppeeo, taking the picture bb a whole. But iu detail there was a good deal of dis appointment. It was only tho disinterested lookors-on, the frivoIouB people who go to race meetings to eat and drink and Btare about thorn in the sunshine, the ulodhopperB and bumpkins, who stand beside tbe rails and gaze at the eoene as at tho figures in a ksleidosoopo — it is only for these that tboro ie no bitter in the oup of pleasure, no fly in the ointment. Pcetaard, after a magnificent lead, whioh elated all his bookers, shut np — in Mr. Bsl field's parlanae — like a teloeoope, He was a powerful horse, aud would have pulled splen didly through heavy ground, but the weather bad been peerless, and the oourse was dry and hard, so the lighter horses had the advantage. Beeahing and Belfield ate their lunoh in moody silouce, and drank twioo as deeply as they would have done to signalise a triumph. ' I'll be hanged if I spend another night in this aorsed hole,' said Valentine when the day's raoing was over. ' Oh, you'd better see it out. I've got the rooms for the week, don't yon know, and I shall have to pay pretty stiffly for them, end I've ordered dinner. Yon may juat as well stay.' Make it Yorkshire if you grudge your money, and when you oome baok to town I'll square np, retorted Valentine, sulkily. ' I'm tired of the whole businoss. Your arable bae never brought mo look. Good-night !' It was only half-past five o'clock ; the sun was high still, but Bloping westward, and oarriagss and foot people were moving out of the groat green valley In vast masses of shifting lights and oolourB. - A pretty eoene ; bat far from pleasant to the jauudioed eye of Valentine Belfield, He got into' a oab, drove to the hotel, bundled bis things into bag and portman teau, and bad them carried to tbo adjacent station just in time for one of the epeoials whioh were taking the raoing mon baok to London. He got into a saloon oarriage,. ooiled himself up in a aornor out of tho dust and the glare, and presently, when the express was flying aaross the oountry, past those broad fields where the aorn was still standing, low hills where lights and ehadowB oame and went in the softening atmosphere 'of evening, he foil fast asleep, and slept for nearly a oouple of hours, sleeping off that extra bottle of ohampsgne wbioh he had drank almost unawares in his disappointment and exasperation. It was dark when he awoke, blaok night outside tbe oarriage windows, and within only tho dim light of the lamp, wbiah wae almost obsonred by tobaooo smoke, There were very few passengers in tbo spaoioUB oarriage, and of those few three wero BBleop, sprawling in unrestrained repose upon tho morocco ousuionB, worn out with open air, son, dust, aud drink. Two men sat in the angle of the carriage, in a line with Mr. Bslfiold's corner, and tbOBQ two wero talking oonfidontlally be tween the lozy consumption of their oigarettes, talking in those undertones whioh are sometimes more distinctly audible than the brawl and babble of loud voioes. I tell you, my dear fellow, overybody knew all about it except tho gentleman most conoerned,' Baid one, ' and whether ho didn't know, or whether he was wilfully blind, is an open question. I den't like the man, and I.shoold be willing to think any thing bad 0 him, but he's a good bred 'an, anyhow, and I suppoeo we ought to give him tbe bonofit ot the doubt.' 1 He was never abont with ber,' returned the other man ; ' she went everywhere with her sister, and we all know what the sister is." 1 A very charming woman,' said his irieua rf-.n, a ittugn, anil a very chin'garoua one. Sho s about ths cleverest woman out, I think, for compromising herself vary aeriouely she has contrived to make more out of her admirers than any. woman in London. She must have bled Bscohiog to the tune of a small fortune, I fancy.' ' Oh, Bseohiag Is fair g9iuo.' said tho other man. ' Nobody minds Bseohing. Thai kind of pigeon was made to be pluoked ; besides, Bseohing is uncommonly careful! Nobody will ever do him aDyhnrm. Ho has the commeraial intellect fully developed. You may depend he keeps a oloao sooouot of hie menus plaleiru, his gtaeB.widows and euoh like, and knows to a shilling what they ooot him, and will never exoeod the limits of striot prudence.' Mr. Belfield'ii attention was fully awakened by this time, Ho had turned himself round iu his shadowy aorner, and was watohing and listening with all hie might. He know one of the men, a momber of the Badminton and the Argm, slightly the other not at all. ' 'The worst story against her is the story of the diamonds,' Baid the man whom he did not know. ' Ah, you were in Indit when it hap pened, and knew all about it, I Buppoae,' replied tho other, ' It was a rather ugly story, I believe, but I never heard tho details.' - ' I wae in Baddeley's regiment when Bho oame to India with dim,' eaid tbe other. ' She hsd not been marriod six months, and waB about tbo loveliest woman lover Baw in my life. As handsome as Mn. Belfield is now, that splendid Irish beauty, whioh is unsurpassable while it lasts, great grey eyes with blaok lashes, a complexion of lilies and carnations, form and ooloar alike lovely and luxuriant, a woman who makes evory oad in tbo streets stop all agape to look at her. She startled us at our bill elation. I oan toll you, and tho Biddeley madness raged thore all that eesBon liko hydrophobia. One of our men, a poor little lieutenant, a mere lad, Lord Brompton's son, took the disease very badly. What wae eport for ua was death to bim. He fell madly in love with his Major's wife, and hung about hor and followed ber about in a diocrnated, doe pairing way that would havo beon laughable had it not verged upon tho tragic,' ' Did sho enaourago him ?' 'Of acureo Bho did. Ho was a swell, and he had lote ot money, fihe niok-namod him Baby, talked ot him as a " nice boy," and before long he was known everywhere as MrB. Baddeley's Baby. Ho didn l seem to mind peoplo laughing at him. We wont to Caloutta later on, and thore were nails and all sortB of high jinks going on, and Mrs. Baddeley was tbe belle of tbo plaae, und everybody, Irom tho Governor-Gonoral down wards, was avowedly in lovo with hor, Poor young Stroud hung on to her, and was savage with every man she spoko to. Ono night, at the Govornor-Gencrsl's ball, ehe oame out into a blaze of diamonds. One ol us chaffed tho Major about bis wifo's jewellery ; but ho toon it as euBily an possible. Sho had hired them Irom Facet, the great Caloutta jeweller, he told us. "I suppose I shall havo to pay protty stiffly lor tho use of them," ho said, " but if sho likos to out u dash in borrowed plumes, I can't complain. It'll be a deuced long lime I'm afraid before she'll ba able to ehow a diamond noakluoe of her own." ' The Bpeaker atoppod to light a frosh oigarotto, and then wont on lazily, dropping out hia sentences between puffs of tobsaoa. Baddeley is a big, good-natured, eelf- indulgent usb, but I don't know that he's anything more than that. We all laughed at hiB story of the hired diamoDda, and Bix montbB afterwards when young Stroud broke for aix and-twonty thousand, most of it money borrowed from Caloutta Jews, wo all know that Mrs. Baddeloy'B diamonds aounted for something, end Mrs. Bsddeloy's little caprices for something moro in tho lud'e entanglements. We wore all very sorry for him. Brompton was said to bo a martinet, and tho young man went about Caloutta looking as white as a ghost for a week or two, while ho was trying to make terms witb hiB creditors. Then one morning in barraaks there waB a groat soaro. Young Stroud had shut himsolf half an hoar after morning parado. Ho had left two lotters on his table, one addressed to his father, tho other to Mrs. BaddGey.' ' How did tbe lady lake it ." ' I suppose she was rather sorry. Sbo never showed herself in Caloutta after the oataetrophe. The regimental doctor went to eeo her every day, and the Major told every one that she wse laid up with law fever, end that tho alimate was killing hor. Bho went baok to England a month or so after Siroud'e death, and she carried tbe apoilB of war with ber and has worn them ever sinoo.' ' And you think the yoanger sieter is as bad?' eaid tbe other man thoughtfully. There was no malevolence in either of them. They wero only discussing one of the problems of modern euoioty ' I don't know about that. I believe ehe has moro heart than Mrs. Baddeley ; and that Bho is over head and ears in love with 3 q Austell. They have been carrying on all the Beaeon, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now.' My dear fellow, nobody bolts nowadays. Elopements are out of fashion, There is nothing further from tho thoughts of e modern sedaoer than a mbusge. Ths days of of postohaiaes and Italian villaB are over. We lovo and we rida away,' Si. Austell Is a man of the world, and a man of tho time. Here wo are, old ohap. My trap is to meet ue here,' They took up their stioks, bats, aud over- coatB, and loft the oarriage beforo Valentino Belfieid's brain had recovered from tho shock of a sudden revelation. He started to his feet as they went out, called out to the man he knew, followed to the door just as the porter slammed it, and the train moved on. He hardly knew what he meant to do. Whether ho would have aalled the slanderer to aooount, oaned him, ahallenged him. He stood by the door of the swiftly moving oarriage, dazed, bowildered reealling that Idle talk he bad overheard from tbe darkuesB of his corner yonder, wondering how muoh or how little trnth there was in it all. Abont Mr?. Baddeley, his wife's sister ? Well, thero might bo some foundation for saandal there, perhaps. He bad long known that sbewas a coquette, and aolever ooqnotte .who knew bow to lsad her admirers on, and how to keep them at bay. He knew that Beeohing had ministered pretty freely to tbe lady's aapriooe ; and he had always looked upon St. Austell as the lady'e favoured admirer, and the man for whom she was in eome danger of compromising herself. The story of young Stroud's futile passion for his Major's wife, acid of aoetly jewellery given at a time when Lord Brompton's heir waB already deeply iD dobt, was not altogether new to him. He bad heard somo vagut hints in tho past ; but men had been sby of alluding to that old story in hiB prosenoe. He had known that his sister-in- law had been talked abont ; but no man had ever dared to insinuate that Bho wob anything worse than s olever woman, and porfeotly oapablo of taking oare of herself. ' I baok Mrs. Baddeley and hor poodle, against Luoretia and her dagger,' ho had heard a stranger say ono night in tho aiub smobingroom, and it had seemed to his somewhat oynioal temper that his wife eonld not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman who knew every knot and ravelled end in the 'Beamy side' of sooiety. But St. Austell his wife's admirori They two head over eare in love with each other I Never for one instant had suoh a possibility dawned upon ; and yot those wo men had talked as if that mutual passion were an established faat, known to all the world, exoept to bim, Ibe deluded husband. Helon, bis Helen! The wife who had satiated bim with sweetness, whoso devotion had oioyed, whose fondness had been almost a burden. That she should play bim false, that she should oaro for any other man on earth. No, ho oould not believe it. Bsoauee two fools in a railway oarriage ohoee to tell lies, wae he to think that the woman who had oounted the world well lost for love of bim had turned trickster and traitress and was carrying on witb another man. St. Austell, a notoiious rake — a man who bad the reputation of belog fatal ie hie - fluence over women. -;t The man had eeemed safe enough au lung as he had thought of him only as Mrs. Biddelay's lovor; bat with his suspicions newly arousal, Valentino Belfield , looked baok at the history of the last few months and saw all things in a nsw light. Ho remembered how in all Mrs, Baddeley's 'sstivilieB — at Hurlingbam, Bsnelsgh, or Sindown; water- parties at Honley or Msrlow ; Sunday dinners at Biohmond ; at Greonwioh— St. Austell had always been ono of the party. Beeohing and St. Austoll had alwayB boon at hand. Whoever else was inoluded, those two were in evitable. . He had reokoned them both RB Leonora's devotees ; they were the pair whioh Bho drove in her oar of triumph, liko Vonus's dovee or Juno's poaeooks. Ono possessed her heart, and rnted hor life ; tho othor was her puree- hearer. Knowing all this, or believing this, ho had yot bsenacntent that his wilouhould go everywhere undor her sister's wing. Tbu arrangement relieved bim of all troublo, and Helen seamed happy. Peoplo complimented him upon hiB wife's beauty, and ho aecepted their praises as a kind of tribute to himsolf ; ploaeod to okow tho world how careless he aonld afford to be about a wife whom every body adored, eeoure in his unbounded dominion over her, able to neglect hor it ho ohoso, and yot to defy all rivalry. Chapter XXVII. — An Unfinished Letter. Mr, Bolfield sat brooding during the rest of ths journey to ICiDg's Cross, aud his thoughts grew darbor with the darkening night. Ygb, St. Anatoli had haunted hie wifo's foateteps all through tho eeiBon that was past. Ho had heard of them riding iu the Row ; is was St. AUBtoll who had ohoson Helen's horse at Tattersall's, and who had boon officiously obliging in attend- ing the eale and gotting the animal for a price that seemed almost ridiculously at variance witb itB quality. He could recall the whole transaction ; haw in St. Austoll's prosonoo ono evening, after a little dinner in Mrs. Baddeley's rooms, Helen had entreated him to buy ber a horse, urging that it was odious to rids hired animals, smelling ot tho livery-Btablos, aud BUggeBtive of a riding master in butcher boots ; how he had declared he couldn't afford to buy ; and bow St. Austoll had told kitii that It would bo a mare economical arrangement than hiring, and had suggceted that a good horse might bo got for a little monev now that the hunting was all over, ' What do you oall a little money ?' Valentine had aeked, annoyod at his wife's persistence, and at St. Austell'e interference. ' Well, I Bupposo you might pick up a good Park hack far ninety or a hundred. ' Nearly twioD as muoh as I should like to give,' onswored Valentine, ourtly. ' How muah would you give il thero wero an opportunity 7 I am at Tattersall 0 nearly evory day, and I would beon tho lookout if I knew what you wanted.' ' 1 don't want anything, Thore are plenty of horses in Devonshire that my wife aud I aau ride whou we're there.' ' But Devonshire isn't tho Park. Vai.' picuded Helon. ' I want a horse lor tho Pack awfully,' whetenpon Mr, Belfield ehrug/e hie shoulders, aud said he would give tilty or sixty guineas for a hick, rather than be bothered ; and with thie un- graoioUB permission his wilo wsb fain to be oontent. Tliroo days after this conversation, Valen tine fonnd) Lord St. Austell's groom waiting iu front ot Wilkie Mansions witn a thorough bred bay horse, wbioh ho was gently leading up aud down the road. ' Hia LordBhip's compliments, and this is the horse ha has bought for you, Bir,' eaid the man. ' Ravioli, grandson to Maoaroni. Valentine looked the animal over criti cally. ' In ho eound?' he aBked. 'Yes, sir. His Lordship's vet. looked at him before the rale.' ' Well, ho is very handsome ; and if his manners are as good as his lookB, hia Lord> ship has made a good purohaso ' Valentine mot St. Austell at his olub next day, and gave him a cheque for filty-soven guineas, at whioh sum the horse had been knocked dawn ta him at Tattereull's. Al sucn a priee, the animal, if sound, was sn unqueationablo bargain. Valentino had ridden him round tho Row, and had found his paces admirable, although he was obviously over-weightod by anything above twelve stone. For a lightweight like Holen the horse was psrfeotion. ' Tho yard must have been asleep when yon bought bim,' said Valentine. 'Oh, I ktew how to bids my time and watah my opportunity,' answered 81. Auatel, lightly, 'I am very glad you're satisfied with my ohoiae.' ' Mare than satisfied, my dear fellow.' So tbe matter had ended. Mr. Bslfiold, full of his own Bobomee, pleasures, and exoite- mente, had thought no more of the horse, except to remember that he had made a ssorifioe to hiB wife in buying him, and that she ought to bo very grateful, To-night, looking baok at tho past in the now light ol awakened doubts, he shrewdly suspected that St. Austell had fooled him, and that, undor tho pretenaa of getting a bargain at Tattersall's, ho had presented the womau he admired with a horse that had oost three times as mneh as ber husband was williog to pay. And sho had known the secret of the transaction, no doubt, and thoy bad laughod together at tbo husband's meannosB, and at tbe ease with whiah ho had been hoodwinkod, Valentino Belfield almost ohokod with rage at the idoa of hie own blindness. ' To think that I should bo deoeived by any woman — above all by my wile— tho wife I won as oasily as a pair of gloves— and by beavSD, I thought she was as muah my own as my gloves or my hat— as faithful to me as my favourite dog.' Yet remembering how easily she had been won, how quiokly she had wavered' in ber fidolity to Adrian, he oonid soaroely wonder that she had faltered in her truth to him. St. Austell was faeoinating, a man of omlnently eednotivB manners doeply read in that modern literature which women appreciate, distinctly a man to ploaso woman -while ho, Valentine, was a sportsman, oar ing vory littlo for women's sooiety, and mak ing no eaorifiaeB ta ploaso them, despising them rather as a lower order of belngB whose uaturo it waB to bo suppliants and adorors of the master epirlt, man. He hadnevor thought of his wife's lave for him as a measurable quantity, whioh he might exhaust. ' Sho has been a fool, and ehe has been a coquette,' bo said to himself, bb the train sieamod past tbe shabby atreols and gaslit windows of northern London, 1 but I don't believe sho has boon anything worse. It will be my business to drivo hor with a tighter rein in lutnre. You have been allowed to go toe free, my pet. It mnst be curb instead of snsflle, henceforward. Ho bad busiuesB in London whioh muBt needs be dono before be could look alter his wile, Postoard's defeat meant louses whioh amounted almost to finanbial ruin. Money wonid have to be raised, and at a saorifios. Ho oould not bring bimBolt to appear to hia mother for help in a turf difficulty ; firstly bsaause she had beon very generous to him already, and seoondly because there wore other difficulties, other debts imminent, for wbioh he would be obliged to ask bar assist- anoe. Undor these airaumstances bo went to a Jew money-lender, and involved himself deeply in ordor to raiso money againBt settling day. From tho money-lender'a ofiioe ho went to Tattersall's, where ho was almost as well-known as Lord St. Austell. He saw one of the chief olorks, a man with whom he bad been on familiar termB ever sinao ho bad been a frequenter of tho famous uuotion- yard. ' Thero was a horse sold hero last April,' he said, ' a thoroughbred bay, grandson of Maoaroni. I want very much to know at what fignre that horeB wae knocked down. I've got a bet upon it.' ' What'e your bet, Mr. Belfield, if it's not en impertinent question?' asked the man easily. 'If it was, I wruldn't mind it from you, JonoB,'anBwored Valentino, 'l'vo laid two to ono that Ravioli fotahed over two hundred.' I think you're pretty <af e, sir, . I remember tbe horee. He was one ol Captain Poppln- gay'e lot, and they were all good 'uns. I'll turn up the ostalogoe in a cioute, April 7f , lUih, 14-ti, yon, unto thuy ore, huntiirs, park baake, team of ooaoh borsos.' He ran his finger down tho pagos of a catalogue, his practised eye following tho figures with amazing rapidity. The priaoi realised by tbe horsos were written in the margin beside the lot numbora, and tbo names of the purchasers on tbe other side of the page. 'Ravioli, five years old, thoroughbred, has been hnntod with the Pytohley, carries a lady,' be read. 'Your money's safe, Mr. Belfield. Two hundred and seventy eight guineas. Lord St. Austell bought him.' ' That's your ticket,' answered Valentino, lightly, ' I thought I was pretty safe. Good night, a thousand thanks.' He had jUBt time to oateh an afternoon train for the West ol Eagland, a train whioh loft Waterloo lato in the afternoon, and whioh wae due at Ohadford road station a little be fore midnight. It wa3 a slow train, and one by which ho would only havo iravolled in an emorgonoy. (TO IIK OQNTINUSD ) 