EERR PA UL US: HIS RISE, HIS GREATNESS AND HIS FALL. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. jatSfe BY WALTER -BESANT, Author of " Ale Sorts and Conditions of Men,"&c.;,<S:o The Rioirr of Translation is Reserved. CHAPTER II. — The Leader. Mr. Cyrus Brudcnol has been for many years, us everybody knows, tho recognised leader in tho spiritualistic world of London. Other peoplo may havo como to the front for a moment by virtue of peculiar powers and excellency of gifts. Thoy have played their parts, received their applause, made their bows, and then retired, But Mr. Cyras Bradenel remains. In every cause, movement or party, there is its Mr. Brudencl whose name is inseparably mixed up with it. He must be rich and married ; he must live in a great house, and his wife must be always receiving. Farther, hp must be a sincere helicrer in tho cause. In short, What Lord Shaftesbury, to take a well kuowu case, was to tho Evangelical party iu tho church, so Mr, Cyras Brudcnol was to the Spiritualists. Mr. Brudcael was the second son of the lato Mr. Abraham Brudencl, shipowner and millionaire.. His elder brother, created a baronet in 1872, in gratitude far largo moneys spent in tbo advance of the Liberal cause, has been recently, for similar reasons, prumutod to tho peerage, and now enjoys the rauk and title of Lord Bow and Bromley. Cyras, for his part, passed through school and university with uo incidents to speak of, and took an ordinary degrco after a career marked on the one band fey no turbulence, effervescence, or. hot . madness .flf youth, and on tho other hand by ho apparent superiority of intellect or academic distinctions. In fact there wa9 nothing at all \- to indicate his future greatness. On the demise of Abraham the firm was converted into the well known Company, Limited, and the sons, who sold out their interest, "bought land with the money thoy received. This, 30 years ago, was tho recognised first step with thoso who wished at onco to mako an in vestment absolutely safe, and to rise higher ou the social ladder. What is to tako tho place of land, supposing that men continue to got rich, which is doubtful, and still aspire to enter society, which is not doubtful, has not yet been determined. I know not by what means the mind of Cyrus Brudencl was first turned iu the direction of Spiritualism. Perhaps by simple curiosity ; perhaps by the natural longing of mankiud to inquire after tho Unknown and strive to see the Invisible. For thirty years and moro ho had experienced convictions of the troth, nnd been ono of thoso disciples whom nothing can shake from their allcgianco. Yet — which is a symptom commou to all Spiritual ists, aud peculiar to them — he was not restful and settled and contented, but remained al ways eager after new manifestations, rave nous for further confirmation, and still unsatis fied with tho messages which come iu plenty to those who inquire. He has assisted iu liis timo at numberless seances , ho has been re warded by the most stupendous miracles of undoubted and undeniable genuineness ; in his presence tho heaviest and most solemn tables have become frisky nnd frivolous ; the bulkiest of mediums hare lost their ponderosity and been wafted about like feathers. Yet he has uover been satisfied ; for in miracles, .as at dinner, appetite comes to those who cat, and ono is norer full. On tho other hand, it cannot bo denied that Mrl Brudencl has been too frequently tho prey to lying spirits, and has been often imposed upon by brazen impostors pretending to supernatural powers. At ono time, for instance, when he entrusted the wholo conduct of his affairs to tho advice of tho spirits, who told him what to do by means of his then favorite medium — it was Mr. Einmannoi Chick — ho was mado to bay a good many shares in ventures which somehow all turned out badly. There were suspicious that the . medium had bcon squared, but Mr. Bradenel preferred to lay the blamo upon tho spirits. Tho commercial element among thoso with whom we are permitted to converse, is one, ho says sadly, whose City record, did we know it, would probably provo shady, His triumphs; his disappointments ; his real and sincere convictions of tho truth and final success of his cause ; tho yielding aud treacherous nature of the ground on which he stood ; his insatiable thirst for a fuller and a deeper revelation, with manifestations of a more startling kind, and beyond tho possi bility of doubt ; tbe adulation of tbo mediums who lived upon his word ; tho consciousness of Leadership — ail theso things together had stumped his face with au expression as full of varied emotions as the cauldron at Camacho's wedding was full of evcrv delectablo. dainty. Among them might have been observed — as the reporter says— pride, dignity, importance, hope, enthusiasm, doubt, fear, suspicion, irritability, jealousy and many otber passions. Ho was certainly dignified in his carriage ; he was certainly hesitating iu his speech ; his words were brave, but his manner was nervous. As for his figure, ho was tall and portly ; he had grown bald and grey, but had as yet no look of old ago or decay. His face, Handsome still at 60, must have been far more strikingly handsome at 30. This is not sur prising when wo reflect that his aristocratic features and his noblo presence were inherited from a long line of ancestors who were all, to a man,. porters, laborers, draymen, rustics; mcchahicst and craftsmen from time immoniorable nntil Abraham, aftor- wnrds tbo millionaire, left the ranks of labor to become a clerk. The enemies of Cyrus Brudcnol cull him names, such as Pump, Old Pump, Solemn Old Pump, and the like, which I will not repeat. To bo sure his best friends could uot pretend that ho was lively aud sparkling ; bat then ho was a Leader in a Causo on which ridicule, epigram, irony and contempt have been freely burled, not only by wit and by philosopher, but also by the linur uecuuso tncro is none so vile hut he can jeer at spirits and ghosts. To such a leader, all laughter is like tho crackling of thorns beneatii a pot ; and if you should be so ill advised as to laugh in Mr. Brudenel's presenco ho would become that pot and presently boil over. As for Lady Augusta, his second wifo: There is a certain tvnn nf wira ...:n t fear, with the march of woman's education aud the cultivation of her critical faculty, grow rapidly rarer until it finally becomes extinct. I mean tbe wifo who ardently adopts her hus band's creed, convictions, dogmas, hobbies and party as her own, and enters into tho very inner spirit of that creed or party. Thus, there is no person in the world who moro profoundly be lieves tho doctrino of tho High Church than the wife— if she be of this type— of the Ritualistic clorgyman; there is no person more profoundly agitated about the future state of her own soul than the wifo of tho Calvinist ; there is no ono who; more honestly bclioves in the Connexion'- thijn tho wife of the Minister. If thohusbadd be a man of science; tho wife will breathe the atmosphoro of- science, and live wholly in tho scientific .world ; if he be an artist, she will Jive among the studios and talk of Art; if he bo a rnnsi" cian, sho will talk and think of music all her life j if he bo a shopkeeper— but here wo draw tho line ; because there is, it must be admitted a universal tendency to sink the shop. ' Lady Augusta belonged to this type. Sho felt no doubts — she bad no hesitations. « I have seen too much," she said, " to admit of any room for doubt After all, my dears," she added, '« one u possessed of eyes and of the reasoning faculty. Oh 1 we are on tho verge of a new revelation. I look for it daily; I expect the Prophet ; he may come at ug day or at any moment, and then — oh! then — there will begin for the world in my draw- ingroom a new Age of Faith which will restoce happiness for ever to suffering humanity." The days passed and tho looked-for Prophet came not. Lady Augusts, a handsome woman still, and a grande dame dc par la monde, was now 35. Sho could, therefore, no longer welcome that Prophet in her youth. Now, if anything wonderful is to happen to a woman in her lifetime, she would naturally prefer it to happen in tho time of hot youth and beauty. It would be delightful to be como tho friend — in pure Platonic bonds— of a Prophet ; to mako his earthly existenco smooth and happy for him ; to be young with him anc to grow old with him. But ho csmc not ; nuc Lady Augusta's youth took to itself wiQgs and flow away. Perhaps, however, the Prophet would bo a venerable sago Meanwhile, five and thirty i not old for a Queen of any cause. Lady Augusta was the undoubted Queen of tho Spiritualists, and sho maintained her Court with a graoiousncss and a hospitality truly admirable. To be taken up by Lady Augusta was to secure public attention; every medium made straight for her drawingroom; her namowa perfectly well known in New York, St. Peters burg, Paris and in every spiritualistic centre. No' doubt the occult plutosophcrs, Mahatmao and Adepto of Thibet, regard her with favor, though they have never yet visited her. She had her circle of courtiers as well as her continual stream of ever now and richly gifted mediums, who wautcd a clientele and an income: round her wcro gathered all thoso thinkers who are per petually engaged in trying to look behind the Veil. Behind the Veil. "We, who live inthisgrcftt crowded ant hill and struggle and toil daily with our fellow ants, bearing our burdens and living in the present, rejoicing in tho sunshino of the moment, satisfied with life, . con tented if wo do not suffer pain', careless for tho most part of what may happen when this life is done, we humble, common folk, I say, hardly know anything of tho world which thinks of nothing but to pry behind tho Veil. To us it is a great black bank of cloud, lying all ronnd us, whichever way wo look. It is as the black spaces between the stars ; wc cannot look long upou it without a reeling of tho brain. Sometimes, to thoso who think of it, it seems to roll towards us, sometimes to roll back a littlo way ; whenever wc make a great physical discovery there is feeling that now, at last, wo may huv« rolled it away altogether and for over. But it does not roll away, and, my brothers, I - think that it will nevor either lift or roll away, whatever wo may discover, and that we know already every thing that mankind will ever be permitted to know of the other world. Even if wo find the secret of birth and growth and decay ; even il wo prolong our own lives indefinitely, the secret of the other world will never, I au> sure, he found out by any efforts of human ingenuity. But, for theso people, life has no other interest. For them thcro is nothing else. Science, art, literature, philosophy are foolish aud futile. Politics are unworthy the atten tion of a serious person. Religion, if they have auy, which is not always tlie case, is incomplete without the supplementary reve lation for which' they are always looking. Reason is insufficient unless it is sided by tho counsel and guidance of tho spirits whom they consult every day. Even if they saw with the earthly eyo the new Jerusalem itself descending from the clouds they would go and ask the spirits by the well known machinery if it was a real city and a thing to bo relied upon. Iu overy ago there have beca always such men. They used to consult tho wiso women, and to ask tho future in tho thousand and one ways which havo been enuiuoratcd for us by the Sago of Aloudon. They inquired of the oracle ; they cast nativities ; they sought for tho Philosopher's Stono and for the Elixir of Lifo ; thoy looked in the Crystal and practised palmistry ; tlicy turned tables ; they -listened to raps ; they pretended to mysterious powers ; thoy talked of tho Rosy Cross, the ICabbala and Heriucs ; they recorded tho lives of necromancers and tho miracles which they wrought ; thoy looked for hidden secrets wrapped' in allegory ; they whispered and mumbled and made themselves into societies aud sects ; and in these latter days thoy read tho secret thoughts of mankind, they put on astral bodies, they defy spaco and time, they boost of Charms, aud they belong to the Sacred College of tho Occult Philosophers. 