~t ~ {7i-m Texas—and ofAcr--Siftings.J ' MAKT A man is bis own worst friend. '•'^Ibere -lasex is fruit; haven't yon beard of a*ao;datef . . A gentleman in thiscity has name! bis dog " Straight Tip," because he ia a pointer. A dead giveaway—"And I bequeath my mortal remains to the cause of science." '*'• The Gear is called bis August Majesty, "because he reigoB in a summary manner. Some mens vaa alvays like der key bole on derba'clrof aclock. They vas bebint time. "Here is another lock-out," said the barber ME be examined the elderly gentleman's bead. Thirteen is not an nnlucky number when yon . bold «U the trumpc&rds; in a game of whist. language,was made to" conceal thought. A dude has, no use for language, then, for be has no thought to conceal. , There should be four ghosts in Hamlet, according -to a, 8me in Bray's .Elegy—" The rude four fathers of the Samlet sleep." Some people inabehome the dearest plaoe on eMth, while others are never satisfied unless it is die cheapest. "When Mr. Gladstone goes out among his trees at Hawarden be is not called Grand Old Man, but first-rate feller. In ancient times kissing a pretty girl was a due for headache. It is difficult to improve upon some of those old-time remedies. :. Xt doesn't speak well for his consistency, when a man "who professes to believe in no hereafter has a fire-escaps built in his tomb. . A medical journal adviBes a lump of ice on the head ia case of fever. A lump on the head baa been known to cure base-ball fever. Polite burglar—"Madame, you are too young to wear such unfashionable jewellery; you must really permit me to recommend a new set." "How is your father, Pat P" " Very bad, sur, indade. The docthor aez if be duzu't rest tuny to-morrow he'll be dead before morn ing." A note but of a line or two Kroman old and trusted friend, Who said he'd meet it at the bank, But stuck me in the end. Xt is said that no relative ct the poet Moore is living. "And," adds tbe sanctum censor, "relative to this there are no more living poets." The flagman at the crossing . Ib provided with a rag Tofiaga tram; he can't allow His watchfulness to flag. " Why 'do we writhe on suffering's rack P " The viotim cries in misery: "Because." retains some'.'patent*'qu&ck;, " You do not use my remedy." If there's anything that worries a man who wears patent leather shoes, it is to have a bootblack try. to convince him that he wants shine. \- A man who "will stop a 4b Gel paper, thinking to ruin the editor, most have a moral range of vision equal to the area of tbe end of a pork barrel. 'IVaB a six-dollar tile—to be brief, But a fat party brought it to grief ; For she sat on it fiat. What be said after that We'd repeat—but we've turned a new leaf. There are eoveral ways of making a bustle— of newspaper, of wire, or other material. But the largest razed and most complete biiBtle is made by the small boy who lots a live rat loose is a Sewing Bee. Old lady to cabby, who has just brought back en umbrella left by her in his cab: ".Oh, cab. Dun, pleaso accept my best thanks." Cabby "Beg pardon, mum, but I don't think I've pocket big enough t-j put 'em in!" Tourist—"How long has this been a prohibi' Bon town P" Native—"Sir weeks." Tourist (to his friends)—" We're all right, boys. Here, Johnny, show ub the way to the hSet saloon." HE HAD STOPPED GHOITIKG. " You are growing bald, I see," said Jones to his friend Brown, whom he bad not seen for several years. "I am bald," replied Brown, "but I am not growing any more." WHAT THE TnoUJtLE is. The great trouble with journalism is that the men who know juBt how a newspaper ought to be run are unforLuuately engaged ia some other business—driving horses, digging postholes, herding sheep, or acting as deputy sheriff. 