TASMANIAN SOlNERlY. I The following graphic description of an exploring expieditign is conimdnicted ily stir, Cistra otrcslisiotdtt i SRecently, whilst out prospecting with a friend, I met with some very rich and yet lightly timbered land, and the grandest torest scenery I have ever seen. The first of these was the Horseshoe Fall, in the Castra rivulet, and situated only about half-eamile from the reserved township of Nietta. This fall is named from its peculiar shape, and is from 20ft; to 2ifti in height, llilst inluledidtely above lies a drk hole of perfectly still water, which is o striking contrast to the headlong fury of he falls. The whole is overshadowed by ine large myrtle trees. Following this rivulet down we came to several falls of inor importance, whilst in Camp creek, a ranch of this one, we found a ren?arkably icturetsluid fall. This fall if riot eladtly Ielpendicular, but is a very steep rapid of sbout 40 yards. in length.. Standing at the base one can get a glimpse of the vat-r for the wvhole distance-completely pver-arched by beautifully foliaged treos fsud shrubs, some of the latter bearing berries of various kinds and colours. ooking up this natural archway the eater apleared like lisolten silver, whilst here and there a stray sunbeam lit it up svith a. dazzling brightness, forming a striking contrast to the dark grey rocks. The many-shaded green of the foliage and little bright dots of coloured berries all combined to make a scene that will remain (fixed in my memory. Leaving this crook, we once more struck ths Cast?a rivulet, and followinog its dourse foel about a mile we casme to some very lbroken travelling, huge giant rocks lying scattered prouiscuously about the bed of the creek. After a short distance of this we noticed that the water seemed to suddenly disappear, whilst a suppressed roaring greeted our ears. A few yards further and we come to a standstill on the very verge of an awful precipice, over which the water tumbled into the yawning abyss below. On the very verge, and hanging Oves the ewaterl wvre several bushes loaded with tile pretty wax cluster berries, some of them as large as cherries. One peculiarity I noticed whilst looking at the falls beneath me was that with such a large volume of water there should be very little noise heard at the top. After some further observations, I came to the conclu sion that I had discovered the cause, viz., this deep gully, all sides of which are perpendicular to a height of several hundred feet, comes to an abrupt end near the foot of the fall, and from thence winds away to the north and cast, in very much the shape of the human ear, and I believe thus carries the sound away. This seems the more pro bable as in those directions the' sound of these falls can be distinctly heard three or four miles distant in the winter time. Leaving our out-look we commenced the descent, and after some very rough scramb ling, sliding, and tumbling we arrived at a kind of ledge of rocks some 20ft. in width. Here there is a deep hole into which the waters from above pour with unabating fury as though they would tear asunder the narrow band of rock which holds them back. Rushing over these obstacles the water takes another leap, and after some further scrambling we gained this second ledge of only a few fedt in width. Stand ing here close to the rush and roar of the waters and midway down the cliffs, with the cool spray beating in my face, I was awoe-struck with the exceeding beauty of the.scene. The water above me ap peared like snow in the sunshine, whilst within a few feet was a beautiful rainbow in miniature, the colours coming out very distinctly. After standing lost in admiration for a few moments 1 looked round, and finding that my companion was already some distance below, I reluctantly turned and recommenced the descent. After scrambling downwards some 201t. further, a small bush that I had caught hold of for support gave way, and Isud denly slipped some 7ft. or 8ft. over a wet, slimy rock, just managing to stop before I camus, to a place over which, if I had fallen, would have been almost certain death. This narrow escape gave me rather a start, but after several more jumps and scrapes I reached the bottom in safety, some five minutes after my frilund, whom I found sitting down having some lunch. The falls from the rocks at the base look truly grand, being in all about 150ft. in height, whilst for'the lower 30ft. the water is spread over a great black rock of about 20ft. in width. At the edge of th'' cave we found a wall Oft. or 7ft. high, and'running about 12ft. into the hill. This cave must be partly filled with water in the winter time, as its floor was bestrewn with pieces of water worn. wood, soume of them being of fantastic shapes, others being round and smooth like pebbles. These falls, from their inaccessi bility, are little known, and from what I have heard have never been named. Passing along the creek after some short distance our further progress was com pletely barred, the walls of rock rising abruptly on either side, only 10ft. or 12ft. apart at the base, with deep water between. Retracing our steps, we made up the first place at all practicable. On we toiled, up,up, up, slipping and often falling, till at last after thinking that our bodies would soon melt if we had any fur-! ther of such walking, we reached a large bed of moss cf almost unknown depth, and: as soft and smooth as velvet, Here we rested a few minutes, and I tried to find the depth, but it was over arm's length. Leaving this we scrambled over rocks and through a very thick under growth for some distance, then along the top of the hilli until we got a view of the Deep Creek-ori rather the gully at the bottom of which the creek runs--which joins with the Castra rivulet, then we once more struck for our old friend, and as we went down the steeps we started some large stones; these bounded down the sides of the hill carrying small scrub of all 'kinds before them. After a quarter of an hour of this amusement we once more struck the creek just at the junction, and here before it joins with the Deep Croeek, it. takes another double fall of about 40ft. There ijs a hole here, with a fall 20ft. above and the same distance below, and yet it is inhabited by dozens of little fish, thou 1h how they got there seems strange. This fall has, I believe, been frequently seen, and is called the "Folly Fall," taking its name from a little incident which occurred there some few years ago, when a young lady of a picnic party foolishly attempted to scale the almost perpendicular and slippery rocks at the edge, the consequence being that she got about eight or ten feet and then could go neither way without assist Our route from here lay up the opposite hill. Just at the foot of the rocks past which our track lay is the Fairy Bower. This is under an overhanging rock, and is a kind of cave, all the sides, floor, and roof of which are covered by beautiful mosses and ferns; but its chief beauty is of an evening at dusk, when it is lighted up by myriads of glow worms, which make it very pretty. About twenty yards higher up the hill stands a fern tree of very grotesque ap;pearance, being supported on three legs or trunks. From here we had a blazed track for about half a mile, then we struck a paling road, and this took us through what is generally known as the Ghost Hole, and thence on to the main road near Col. Bernard's property. Having now got on to good travelling graund we made better headway, and arrived home well tired before midnight. A shopkeeper has the counter on which he keeps his bathing suits labelled "Divers' fancies." Why is a prudent banker like a bicyclist? Because he balances carefully and prepares for nrun. The most sensible of all birds are rooks, inasmuch as they never quarrel, even among themselves, without caws. The old gentleman whose memory carried him a long way back is requested to return o.his disconsolato friends, 