The Message of the Bells. A CHRISTMAS STORY. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 'Jacobi's Wife,' 'Under False Pretences,' &c;, &c.; [all Bights Reserved.] I. The Christmas bells were pealing overhead. The chimes, flung out from a lofty Bteeple into the wild and blustering night, rose and fell upon the wings of the wind ; now lost entirely in the rush of the winter storm, now sweeping with magical clearness acrosB the ears of listeners in the silent streets below. Thus changing from moment to moment, the sound had a curiously ethereal effect ; it seemed to typify the eternal order of things, whereby, above the darkness, tempest, and desolation of earthly sorrow, celestial voices were oan tinually proclaiming peace and goodwill to men. But transcendental meanings of this kind were lost upon one listener. ' Those bells are enough to deafen one,' said Stephen Hatfield to himself, as the chimes broke clearly upon his ear in a momentary lull of the driving wind. ' Haven't we din enough all day with out having it at night as well ?' Din enough there was likely to be in tha places he knew best. Bedford was a large manufacturing town and a great railway junc tion, and Stephen Hatfield was a signalman on one of the .lines that stretched away from the station in bewildering intricacy. His box was a lonely spot. Sounds from the town, how ever, reached it easily enough — the claak of hammers, the throb of great engines, the whirr of wheels from neighboring factories, the clash of bellB from the church steeples, the thunder of heavily-laden waggons over stony streets — these were tamiliar to him, and almost indistinguishable one from another. Bnt late on Christmas Eve such disturbances had ceased. The howling of the wind, the pealing of Christmas bell?, could alone be heard, and yet Stephen Hatfield grumbled at the noise. There must have been something peculiarly disturbing to him in the Bound. He was a dark-faced, r&ticsnt; man, with a stoop in his shouldero, and a way of looking at people from beneath his heavy eyebrows that was not particularly agreeable. A perpetual frown had settled upon his low, -broad brosp. His countenance was yet Bad rathsr than morose ; the mouth was contracted as if from - constant pain, and toe dark eyes were melancholy when seen ia repose. The face expressed power of a certain kind; something lay behind its quietude, something hidden and suppressed. What it was perhaps he himself could have scarcely told. He was making his way along the line to his box, going slowly, because it was not quite time yet to relieve his mate, and swinging a lantern in his hand. With his bead down, and his lips muttering objurgations on the bells, he did not notioe the figure of a man that came towards him, passed him, and turned back with a start. He heard, however, when his name was called. 'Hatfield 1 Stephen Hatfield ! Yon're the man I came to see.' ' Who is it ?' 'It's me; George Dene. Don't you re member me?' Hatfield started in his turn, and raised the lantern eo that its light fell on the nevr-comer'e face. His own countenance became suddenly tinged with a dull red flush, though in the darkness this change of color passed unnoticed. After a moment's pause he said, in somewhat unsteady tones — ' George Dene ! Ay, I remember. And what brings you to Bedford, George Dene V ' Ain't you going to Bhake hands, Stephen?' said a friendly voice. ' Don't you be*r malice, old man. I've come to tell you that I've got work in Bedford, and me and Grace thought we'd find you out first thing.' ' You— and Grace !' repeated the nun strangely. He continued to swing the lantern to and fro without looking at his old acquaint ance or seeming to notice the offer of hia hand 'Why should you try to find me — you — aud Grace?' The other— he waB a nraqh younger man— buret into a cheery laugh, ' Why, to mike friend 8 with you, old man !' he cried. ** Friends, as we UBed to b9, you know, bsfora this — this— shadow, this — sort of cloud— caaie over us. It's all passed now, .surely. It b five years ago, and you've not remembered it agaicst me all this time, have you, Steve?' 'Yes, it's five years ago,' said Stephen, moodily, with his eyes upon the ground. George Dene stared 'at hiai for a moment, bnt saw that Hatfield'a words were not in tended aB an answer to his appeal. He went on, hoping to conciliate, blundering aa oaly an embarrassed man could have blundered. ' We've had a very happy five years on the whole. Our second little baby died, but the eldest is alive and hearty. . . . She is a rare one for four years old, our Polly is, ... And we took the corner cottage in Elatn-road, the one with the sweet-briar bush before the door and the green shutters. . . Why, now I come to think of it, the very house you thought of taking for yourself ? G-ood Lird, Stephen, are you ill?' He had ciuaht a glimpse of Stephen's face, and the look of Buffering upon it staggered him. 'No, I'm not iU,' said Hatfield, more gruffly than ever. 'Go on with your tale. What were you saying ?' But what George said he did not hear. la the darkness of the night a picture rose before his n.ind'g ess— a vision of the little house that was once to have been bis own ; of the trim little garden, the shining windows, the spotlaas clesdiness of the tiny rooms ; the mistress of the -whole, a slim fair girl with smiling eyes, and the sunshine in her hair, who went abiut her ,w°rk with such a sweetness of love anl hope upon her gentle face ! —ah, these bsloaged to another man, and he was homeless aai alone ! House, wife, children — George Dans had taken everything, and now he came with his foolish offer of friendship, his hope that all the past had been forgotten 5 What did he mean ? Was the man mad to think that he, Stephen Hatfield, could either forget an injury or forgive it? . . . Would those bells naver cease, then, with their eternal refrain of peace and goodwill — peace and goodwill to men? . . . He hated the whole world, and of all the world's inhabitants he hated George Dene the most. '^ . ' I must get to my work,' he said dally ; 'Thompson's waiting for me. Is there augat elBe you want to Bay ?' 'Do you mean that yon won't be friends with me ?' asked Dene, with a glimmer of truth dawning upon his denser mind. Hatfield turned on him with an oath. 'Why should I be friends with yon?' he demanded savagely. . ' Why have you the insolenoe to come and ask me 1 Didn't yon rob me of the only woman I cared for, of the home I wanted to have, of all that makes a man's life worth anything? — Then yon ask me to be friends with yon! Get out of my way; I'll not answer for myself if yon come too near. I hate yon both— yon with' your lies and your -boastings, and her with her 'fooh'sh, false face and her fickle heart ? ' 'Stop!' ehouted George Dane. 'Yon eban't tpeak of my wife in that way—yon—' 'Oat of the toad, yoa fool,' eaid Hatfield contemptuously. . The younger man had squared up to him, his face aflame, hia eyes slight with passion. He was devoted to his wife, and Stephen's words roused all the devil within, him. 'Take back what you said !' he cried. 'Ill baVe her called false and foolish by no man ! I'll teach yon better manners. Stephen Hat field-by the Lord I will.' ' Out o' the road I' repeated Hatfield. ' What, yon won't, you fool ? Take that, and go to the devil !' He- struck him and pushed forward. He beard a cry, a thud, as of a body falling, bat he would not look round. He expected that George would be after him in a moment, swear ing, _ foaming at the mouth with rage, and vowing vengeance. George Dene was in fctie main a good natnred fellow, bat sabject to fits of unbridled passion. Hatfield was prepared for one of these. But no sound of voice or step pursued him. The wind perhaps drowned the noise of either ; the wind and the pealing of the bells. Presently Stephen stood still, raised his lantern, and looked behind him — nothing but the darkasas, and in the distance the lights of the station could be seen. It seemed to him that the lamps ought to show him the figure of a man making his way back to the platform; but there was nothing of the kind to be dis tinguished. Wait ! what did he see? A dark something rising from the ground — stumbling again and lying prone across the line ? Hat field laughed grimly to himself. ' I've given him what he won't forget in a hurry,' ha muttered. Then he tamed his face again to the blacker and wider space of darkness through which the many diverging Iine3 of railway travelled into the night, and, swinging his lantern, set off once more to the signal box. Tiie whole interview had not taken five minutes, but he was astonished to find that he was not late at his post, After so great an up heaval of feeling he could scarcely believe th*t only five minutes had elapsed siuca he jumped down from the platform and made his way along the line. He noticed, vaguely enough, that a man brushed against him as he arrived at his place— a stranger, not George Dene— and he wondered what a stranger could be doing in that unfrequented and somewhat dangerous spot. Dangerous ! Ay, that was the word. Dangerous to those who did not know the inB and oat of the line, a forbidden place to the general public, of which George Dene was one. Had he got up and gone away 1 Or was he still roaming in reckless fashion about those iron ways? Hatfield paused before entering his box to wonder whether he ought to go back and satisfy his mind upon this point. But why should he trouble himself? he thought. George Dene was a man who took excellent care of himself; no fear about his safety. And thus sneering, he took his place in the eignal-box. The London express waB due in ten minutes' time. It occurred to him, with a shudder, that this train passed over the lines close to the spot where he and George Dene had stood talking. ' Lucky we did'nt stay much longer ; he might cot have got away so easy,' he said to himself, taking it for granted that George Dene had got away. Then he devoted his attention to the signals, and tried to think no more of the scene that had passed. But his brain seemed to be on fire. He waa not confused in mind ; he was, on the con trary, unusually alert and keen witted, bat he was restless, ready to start at every sound, to exaggerate every impression. The wind had dropped a little, the bells had ceased to ring. In the silence, which seemed to him almost unnatural, he heard the distant murmur of the train long miles away. Little by little the murmur grew; he saw the lights in the dis tance, he saw the reddened vapor as the black monster rushed out of the darkness, sweeping round the curve of the line, thundering over the metals and shaking the signal box as it flew by. He stood in his place, lamps glowing brightly above him, business like, apparently impassive as usual— but conscious of a carious keenness of all the senses, as if he were en dowed with eyes that saw further, ears that heard more, than those of mortal men. What did he see ? What did he hear ? It was as if lightning had flashed and Bhown him a gruesome scene. There was a man lying on the rails in the track of the advancing train. He did not move ; he did not drag him self away as it came on. Nobody saw him Hatfield would have shouted to him if he had been able to speak ; but his tongue was glued to the roof of his mouth, and he could not get it free. Just as the engine rushed forward the doomed man lifted his head and knew bis fate. Hatfield saw the agonised couatenanca. the look of horror in the. distended eyes, tae agony of the shrinking Iimb3. Then the flying wheels passed on. , . . The signalman saw no more. Only an agonised shriek, a terrible moan, rang in his ears for a moment ; then all was still. Hatfield came to himself with a start. N -4 at firat did he realise that he had bean the victim of a mere momentary illusion — a vivid dream or vision produced by over-excitement of the brain— aB a doctor would have expUtnei it. He found himself; trembling from head to foot, covered with cold perspiration, and deeply impressed with the belief that what be had seen had really occurred. Ths scene waB as real and vivid to him as though he had been present, and the shriek of the tortured man as the train passed over his body seemed still to re-echo in his ears ; bat he knew well enough that it was utterly impos sible for him to have beheld anything of the kind, or to have heard a hundred cries as the deafening roar of tha express train passed down the line. And yet he had seen it all so plainly ! Just as one might; behold a whole landscape illuminated by a lightning flash, so, he reflected, he had caught sight of erery detail— the various interlacing lines, tb.9 dis tant station, the platform with its raw* of lights, the poplars, and the old church tower in^the background. And in the midst of all, that prostrate form, that terrible advancing train. He turned sick and cold whea he thought of it. In a few minutes he rememberad the trains ; and on looking at his watch found that not more than five minutes had gone by sinc9 the passing of the express. There was not another train .due for some little time. He was glad of it; he wanted to collect his thought* and steady his shaken nerves. What did this vision mean? ' It means a warning,' said Hatfield, shak ing as if he had the palsy, and casting his eyes around the signal box in awful fear of super natural powers. ' It was no ordinary thing. I couldn't have seen all that if I had tried. It's what might have happened if George Daae had not gooe away: what might have happened, not what did happen— I pray God F — How many a year had elap3ed sines he last took that sacred name upon his lips ! — ' It's just my fancy, playing me a trick — God_ grant it ! — Snppose he didn't crawl off the line^ — Oh, he must have got away. I did not strike him hard ; he would never have gone down at such a little blow. When I see him again [11 tell him what I've gone through tonight. He's a good-natured chap ; hell be ready enough to make matters up. And I'll say that I diia't rcean to call Grace false or fickle. I'll make friends with them both when they corns to Bedford ; for if any man ever had a warning it's I that am that man !' So he reflected, starting and staring, the very hair upoa his head lifted by the fright. He would have given all his belongings if He could have dared to quit bis post, rua alon? the line, and see for himself that Dene had got safely back to the station. But he dared not go. Several trains were shortly due, and to leave his duties involved risk to more lives than his own. Looking out, however, he espied an acquaint *nce— one of the porters— tramping down the line. Hatfield hailed him. aud he stopped Ehort, looking up at the sigaal-bax in surprise. He was making his way by a short cut across the lines to his home. He knew the place so well that he could do it without thought of danger. ' Wfaafs np?' he aaid, catchingaglimpseof the white scared faca above him. *' Anything wrong 1' 'Do me a favor,' said Hatfield hoarsely. 'Go back— that way— to the station, and see if anyone has come to barm by the London express.' ' Why do you think that anyone's come to harm ?' 'Don't stay to ask questions. Go back, Tom, for God's sake. 1 saw a man run alon? the line; I heard a cry. I can't tell you everything now. Go and find out the truth for me. You know that I mustn't leave.' Tom turned back, grumbling yet carious. 'This is a rum start,' he said to himself, Hatfield lost sight of him in the darkness as he went, The man waa left alone. He waited and waited, but the porter did not come back. Hat field went on with his work, as occasion required, in a dull, mechanical fashion. Hia mind flew back, whenever it was released from the occupation of the moment to the scenes of bygone days. He had once been young and happy ; he had been in love with Grace Emery, and had walked about the country lanes with her and thought that Bhe knew his love. He had had a friend, too, and to' this friend he had confided all his hopes and fears. Great had been the shock, terrible the awakening, when he learned at last that his friend, George Dene, had won Grase's heart ; had carried the fair fortress, as it were, by storm. 'Your wooing was too long a doing,' Grace's mother had said to Hatfield when he demanded an explanation. 'We thought that you had given up the idea. You hadn't said a word to her about it, and she had no thought of you. X won't say bnt what if you'd asked her ontright three months ago you might have had a chance. I watched her. and I think she'd have said - Yes' then. But you let the tune slip, yon Eee, Mr. Hatfield; and I ain't one that would force my girl against her will. You're a day after the fair,' George said somethingof the same kind. 'He thought that his friend had given up trying.*' Hat field swore vehemently that George lied. Then, quite suddenly, he restrained himself and begged that nothing more might be Baid. They were right. He did not want to marry. They need not say anything to Graw atoot him. No, he bore no malice to anyone. Only — would they have the goodness to hold their confounded tongues and let him ga ! Thus, with a dark brow and a sadden access of rage in his deep tones, he had stalked oat of the boose, leaving Mrs. Emery and George Dene ast landed, affrighted, at his demeanour. He had never seen either of them again— until this day. He bad thrown up his employmentcn the line, and left the town that same night, not know ing, not caring, whither he went. Oa*uoa guided his feet to Bedford, and threw him into communication with the railway ofliuals at the Junction.' He bore a good character, and had no difficulty in getting work, H« did not write to his old friends, bat he kaew that they had heard where he waa living. Shame, he thought, kept them silent all thaM years. And now George Dene sought him oat, offered him friendship— as if there coald ba friendship between these two, Hatfield reflected bitterly — and flaunted hia happiness in the desoHts man's face. It was for this that Satfield coald not forgive him; for this that he had stra-sk him out of his path and left him to his doom. Midnight came, and the porter had not re turned. The bells broke out again, welcoming in the Christmas morn, ' Peace and good will !' Hatfield groaned alond as the sounds fell npon his ear. It seemed to him a) if those Christmas bells would sink him dawn to the nethermost hell. Chained to his post, unable to get oat of hearing of those rippling har monies, so repugnant to his spirit at that moment, he felt as though he could welcome deafness, insensibility, death itaelf— anything that would free him from the associated train - of thought that the sounds called up. After a time the bells were silent, and he could breathe more freely. But hour after hoar went by, bringing him no news. If he were not mistaken, however, tomething had happened that night. Some excitement had been aroused ; he was sure that h3 had seen an unwonted group of figures doing ua usual work upon the line — bearing something away with reverent footsteps and lowarel heads. Stephen Hatfield's blood ran -sold to think what that something wa3. Bat not until the grey dawn was mounting in the sky, and the cold. breath of day made itself felt through all hia veins did anyone come to him with news. It waa a foggy morning, A footstep was heard before the passer-by could be seen. A voice came out of the fog, followed by the burly figure of the man who relieved him at his work. * ? Morning, Hatfield. Merry Christmas.' Hatfield coald not reply. 'Accident on the line last night. Man killed by the London express not far from herp, Tom Barton Bays yon saw him.' 'I don't know that I saw him,' said Hat field, struggling to free himself from the haz9 that seemed to envelop him, blinding his eyes and blunting his faculties at the same time. ' I saw several folks on the line last night.' ''But Tom Barton says yon sent him in search of one ? ' ' Yes. I had a warning.' ' What do you mean ?' ' Nothing. Was the man dead 2' 'Quite dead.' 'I knew it,' Baid Hatfield, as he turasd away. II. His words to Tom Burton and to ths signal man made it necessary for Hatfield to attend the inquest npon the body that had been found. It was to him a terrible piece of work, bat strength of nerve returned with the daylight, and he exhibited no further strangeness of look or manner, such as had excited the cariosity of his acquaintances. The man who had been killed was crushed out of all semblanca to him self ; the face was unrecognisable, bat the fair hair, the build, the tweed suit that he h*i worn, left no place for doubt in Stephen's mind. He identified the body as that of George Dene, carpenter, resident in Wooiley, a Kentish village, nearly two hundred miles from Bedford. Being questioned pretty sharply concerning his words to Barton, Hat field answered that Dane was an old acquain tance, and he had stopped him on the1 Una to tell him that he was coming to lire in Bedford, that they had then parted and had mat no more. 'What made yon say to Burton that 'there was a man on the line?'' he was asked, ' I had forgot the London express 'when I parted from him, and waa afraid that he had not gone back straight to the station,' Baid Hatfield. ' Had you any dispute with him? ' 'No.' ' Why did you say that yon had h*i * a warning V ' 'I thought I beard a cry, bat I dare say it was only the wind,' Hatfield answered stub bornly. He knew that he lied in saying that there bad been no dispute, but he did not cits. . What was the use of telling the truth ? Won.' d it bring G«orge back to life again ? Would it comfort George's widow?' Would it lift frooa his Bpirit the load of anguish which Stephen Hatfield knew he mast now endure for ever more? He only half heard some talk about writing to Dene's relations in Wooaley ; it fell apan unheeding ears. He did not know that there were two Woodleys, one in Kent and one in Staffordshire, and that the coroner had gjt hold of the wrong one, and waa about to write to the clergyman there. Ail that was said and done seemed to him like some strange oppres sive dream ; he was conscious only of a deaira to get into the air and lose himself in loneli ness. The inquest, however, was not held until the day after Christmas Day, and how he got through that ChristmaB Day he never could tell. He could not hare detiaed his feelings as those of either shame, guilt, or positive dis tress ; he only knew that a great weight seemed to lie upon him; he had got into a black shadow and could not get oat. He went about his duties as usual after the tragic ending of George D^ae'fl visit to Bedford Station ; nothing in his manner or bearing suggested that he bore the burden of a guilty secret upon hia soul. He wa3 a little surlier, a little grimmer than he used to be ; but there was no one to be offended by his behavior. He had no friends. Ha lived alone, with a charwoman to clean his room and cook for him now and then. The only change in his manner of life after the inquest was to dispense with the charwoman. He did not want any human being about him now. He felt himself cut ofr from his kind. He occupied a small house in a row of work men's cottages not far from the station. There was a tiny square of garden, a wooden paling and a gate before the house. Inside there were four rooms, two on each floor, and the staircase between them. Hatfield lived ia the kitchen at the back of the house, and slept in the room above it. The front room, which opened directly upon the garden, had fallen into almost hopeless disorder. January passed away. February, with its changeful smiles and tears, had made the old earth new. Even in Hatfield's utterly ne glected garden, a few crocuses poshed up their golden heads, a few bunches of snow drops nodded to the wind. The man did not look at them. The gay spring sunshine tried in vain to pierce the gloom of his lonely dwel ling, the voice of human love and pity waa yet to Eeek an entrance to bis soul. He eat alone one March evening, preparing his supper. For the time he was off night duty, and at liberty to sleep the heavy houra away, if sleep would visit him. It was an inter mittent visitor, and generally brought bad dreams. He was learning to hate the mid night hours. Suddenly there came a knosk — a timid, hesitating knock — to the front door. It made him nervous. He upset the dish that he was holding, and growled out an oath at his own clumsiness. He waited till the knock was re peated befo.e he went to the door, III. A woman carrying a child stood in the garden path. Her back was to the western light, which had died nearly out of the windy sky. He saw that she was tall and slight, and that she trembled as she stood before him. Her dress was black, and the sleepy child nestling in her arms wore a black frock too. 'Does Stephen Hatfield live her?' she asked in a low unsteady voice. The tones thrilled him. To his ear they were wonderfully sweet. Where had he haard that voice before ? ' Yes. I'm Stephen Hatfield,' 'Yon— Stephen Hatfield'' Then her voice broke. She let the child slip gently from her arms to the ground and stretched out her shaking hands. 'Ob, Stephen, Stephen, don't yon. know me? I'm Grace.' His face blanched to an awful whiteness. He looked over her shonlder, away into the dis tance, as if he saw some one behind her. Bat there was no accusing figure at her back, no ghostly voice came out of the gloom requiring at his hands the blood of the man whose life he had virtually taken. His eyes wandered back to her, and he said in a hoarse whisper : ' Grace, is it yon ? ' 'Yea, Stephen,' Bhe Baid, Bobbing, 'and I'm in sore trouble.' His face Hardened; he thought he knew what she was going to say. She went on- -'It's nigh upon three months since George left me.' And then she broke into a wailing cry, almost like a shriek, and pnt her hands before her face, 'And now he's dead,' said Stephen, scarcely knowing what he said. The words gave her a shock. She let hex handB drop and gazed at him with wide-open, panic-stricken eyes. The child dung, to her garments, frightened by what she had heard, and still more by the eight of this strange, dark mac. 'Oh no, no!1' cried Mrs. Dene. 'Why should yon say he's dead I Have yon heard of him, then ! Oh no,- he's not dead, Stephen 1 Tired of me, perhaps,' she said, sobbing,. 'and gone to seek his fortune— or ill in hospital may be, and not able to write to me— but not dead. Stephen, nay, not dead !' He did not know what to do with a woman in such a passion of grief ; be took bold of her hands and gently drew her within his door. His one thought was to screen her from tho unkind notioe of passers-by, bat once inside more hospitable thoughts occurred to him. ' You'd better come in and sit by the fire,' he said, awkwardly. ' Don't take on in that way, Grace. I thought you meant me to understand that George was dead. If it is as yon say— why, no doubt, he'll be back again before long.' He turned bis back on her as he spoke and led the way into the kitchen. 'You've not heard of him, then?' said Graoe, commanding herself and following hfoi obediently. ' He's not been here ?' *? No,' he answered in a low voice ; ' he'snot been here.' He could not tell her the truth. He would get Eorce clergyman, some person in authority, to let her know that George was dead. He shook all over at the thought of telling her hinaEelf. No — not yet; in the morning, per haps, or in a day or two ? 'Sit down,' he said, lighting a candle, and hurriedly stirring the dying embers of tbe fire. ' You'll be tired if you have come from Wood ley today.' Sbe opened her great dark eyes with a look of pathetic surprise. 'To-day?' she said. 'It's three weeks since I left Woodley. I walked most of the way. Look at my shoes.' They were worn neatly off her feet. Hat field felt his heart contract with an unwonted pang of pity. He looked at tbe shoes, at the threadbare garments, at the thin, sunken face, and did not say a word. 'It was fine weather, most of the way,' Grace went on, half absently, 'else I coald never have done it. We got a lift in a cart now and then. I could not bear to wait any longer. George had never written, but hie told me before he went away that he was coming to you. Did you see him?' There was a scarcely perceptible pause be fore Stephen answered 'No.' ' My mother died suddenly on the day after Christmas Day.' she went on. 'It took all tbe money I had to bory her. I was staying with her ; George had already sold our furni ture and taken the money with him, and I ex pected him back every day. The neighbors at Woodley began to say that he had deserted me, and I could not bear it any longer. I came after him— to Bedford— to find you.' ' Why did you not write ? ' he asked 'I don't know. I did not think of it.' The color ebbed out of her face as she spoke, leav- . ing cheeks and lips as white as Bnow. ' You used to be his friend,' shemurmored. ' Have you forgotten tib ?' ' No, no. I have never forgotten you,' he Baid, in a strange, confused way that surprised her. ''Here, I have made some tea. Polly would like some milk, perhaps ?' 'How did you know that her name was Folly ?' said Grace, looking at him with atten tion, 'I heard it — didn't you call her so juifc now ?' he Baid, still more and more troubled in manner, as he reflected that he had gained this piece of information from her husband. Grace was too tired to dispute the matter. She ate and drank at his bidding, and saw the child's hunger satisfied, and when the meal waB finished she made an attempt to rise. 'I'm sure I thank you for your kindness, Stephen,' she eaid timidly. 'Perhaps yon can tell me of a lodging-house where we can go to for the night. It must be a cheap one ; I have very little money.' 'You might as well stay here,' slid Hat field, without raising his eyes, and with a curious sullennesB of demeanor. 'There's a room upstairs if yon like to nee it. You can look out for a lodging to- morrow.' 'But— if it is your room — what will yon do?' ' I can sleep by the fire here. I shall be quite comfortable. You can't go from place to place looking for lodgings at this time of night : the child is asleep already.' Grace accepted his offer thankfully. She was a simple-hearted, gentle natured woman, not very self-reliant, and it seemed natural that he should be kind and helpful to her. As a sort of excuse for having come to the house, she ventured to say : 'I thought yon were married, perhaps, and that your wife would put me in the way of getting a lodging.' He looked her fall in the face, and did nob speak for a moment. She quailed a little be fore the fire of those dark eyes, and bethought, herself of some words that her mother had let fall in the early days of her marriage with George Dene. Was it possible that this man, Stephen Hatfield, had once wanted to marry her? She felt a sensation of alarm at the thought, Bnt after a moment's space, the light died cut from Hatfield's eyes, and he looked down in his ueual Eombre, brooding fashion. 'No,' he Faid, 'I've never been married.' When he opened the door of the room up stairs he seemed to feel that some explanation of its disorder was required. ' I've had nobody to do for me lately. The place is like a pigstye, but maybe you can manage with it to-night. Is there anything I can get for ye ?' The manner was rough, but tbe kindliness of bis meaning was unmistakable. Grace thanked him and held out her hand as she said good night. He did not seem to see it ; he turned his back on her and went down Etaire. She slept long and heavily. When she awoke and drested in the morning Stephen had already gone to his work. He had lighted tbe fiie and left food ready for herself and the child; be himnplf had taken his dinner with him, and did sot mean to be back till evening. It was after 6 when he returned. As soon as he set foot within the house he waB conscious of a change in it. Grace had been busy. To make tbe place dean and tidy was her way of showing gratitude. The kitchen fire was burning brightly in a clean grate, the floors and tables had been scoured, and the cooking utensils cleaned. There was an air of neatness, almost of brightness, about tbe room which moved Hatfield to wonder. 'What have you been doing?' he said, rather roughly. ' Only tidying up a bit,' Grace answered. 'I hope you don't mind?'' she added meekly, seeing an inexplicable expression upon his face. 'Not a bit. Do what yon like,' he replied, bending his brows. She looked at him in silent wonderment, never suspecting that he felt a great throb of anguish and shame at the notion of her working for him — the man to whom her husband owed his death. After tea she began timidly to talk to him arjoui, ncr {jumtiiuu. ouu was {juuesssbu wiba the idea that George was somewhere in Bed ford, and that she would be able to find him if she looked carefully enough. In the mean time, she thought that she could earn a liveli hood by takicg in plain sewing, or going oat charing — though, this latter work, as Hatfield knew, would have been considered far baneath her in Woodley. If she coald find a cheap lodging for herself and her child she would not trouble Mr. Hatfield any longer. There waa a new humility in her voice that cat Stephen to the heart. ' It's no trouble to me,' he eaid, gruffly. He was sitting by the fire as he spoke, and just then something soft touched his hand. He diew it away and looked down hastily. It was Polly, who had drawn a wooden stool to his Bide, and had tried to slip her little fingers into his palm. She looked up at him smiling, and put her little pink hand on his knee. After a moment's hesitation, he laid his rough fingers tenderly npon it and held it there. The touch sent a new sensation through him. It seemed to make the blood rash more quickly through his veins, to break up the ice about his heart. It influenced his tone and look as he addressed the child's mother. 'You've no need to hurry yourself,' he ? eaid, 'take time. And don't go making en quiries here and there and everywhere about Dene. I'll do that for you. I should be glad if you would, stop here a bit and put my houBe straight. It seems to want a woman's hand. If George Dene's anywhere hereabouts he'll find you, sever fear. There's been some mistake, no doubt, and he's wondering why you don't come to him.' 'Oh, if only I could think so !' Baid the poor woman, her eyes tiling with teira. 'You don't know what it is to be pointed and jeered at as I have been in the village — the wife whose husband got tired of her and left her in the lurch. He always seemed so proud and fond of me, Do'you think it's possible that he could get tired all at once and go off without a word V 'I don't think it's possible.' said Hatneld in a low voice. Ah, no ! What man would caBt away from him this sweet wife, this cooing caressing little child ? And he— he knew so well what George Dene thought of these two, how much he loved them, and he dared not say a word to set the grieving woman's heart at rest. For, as it coon appeared to him, the doubt as to George's love was even more present to Iher mind tban the uncertainty about his life. Grace wiped the tears gently away, and sat silent for a little time with her hands folded in htr lap. She was not given to noisy demon strations of any kind. When she felt calm enough to speak she eaid gently : It' I'll accept your offer thankfully for a little time, Mx. Hatfield. If I can be of use ia yon, I ehall be only too glad. We often talked about you — George and me. Yon don't know, maybe, how fond he was of yon.' ' Don't call me Mi'. Hatfield,' said Stephen, rising suddenly. 'Call me Stephen, aa yon need to do.' He broke off the conversation by going out of doors, and all that Grace could do was gratefully to acquiesce. She settled down in her new home, and went about her duties in a sad bnt quietly uncom plaining manner which greatly impressed Hat- ? field. He wondered at this frail woman, Buffer ing f rem a heavier load of doubt and sorrow ; tban any 'that he had had to bear, never repining, never showing bitterness or- sullen ness. She was braver than he had ftsen. His ? thoughts were filled with her night and day; - as time went on his remorse for ttie past,' though present, became so blended with hia love for fast that it lost its hardness and pain fulness. He even dreamed of a time whan he might tell her that George was dead, and ask her to be his wife. He eonld give her a peace ful home, a rate, ebons: lore ; would she refuse the gift? He dreamed thus one night as he was walk ing home from his work, which, on this occasion, bad been prolonged until It o'clock. His house was near the station, bat two or three not very respectable little streets had to be traversed before he reached it, and it was in one of these streets that he saw a Bight which froze the blood within his veins. Was it George Dene's ghost ? There were no such things as ghosts, he argued passionately with himself. The parson at Woodley had always said so. His eyes had played him a trick. His head was muddled with long hours of work. Spirits from another world never came back nowadays to trouble their worst enemies, it could not be. And yet he was irare— as sure as of his own existence — that George Dene's face had looked at him out of the darknesB of the unlighted street. ? He had been absorbed in hie own thoughts. He had beard no footfall on the pavement, had seen no figure coming towards him, and yet without warning the dead man's face, white, rigid, stern, had hovered before his eyes. If he had been able to move, it seemed to Stephen that he might have touched those pallid features with his hand. Menacing, accusing, reproachful, all at once, those eyes which had once been so friendly sought his own; then for a moment everything grew dim to Hat field's Bight. When he recovered his calmness there was nothing to be seen. The vision had faded away into the darkness, and he went unhindered upon bis way. But from that moment he m; free no more. The face haunted him. Now and then he saw it in a crowd ; once in a railway carriage ; several times at hiB window before the blinds were down at night. It came to him in his dreams ; the memory of it, the fear of it, haunted him night and day, The dead man would not let him rest. He began to look wild and haggard, to cast strange looks over his shoulder, to mutter to himself. ' Hatfield's going out of his mind,' one of his companions whispered to another. ' He's mighty queer.' Even Grace, with all her placidity, wondered at and pitied him. She was never afraid of him, he was glad to see. He could not have borne that. When he was alone he used to cry out upon George Dene's unquiet spirit to leave him in peace. ' What do you want, George?' he muttered with quivering lips. 'How can I atone for what my hand has done? It's too late — too late ; I _ can do nothing for you now.' IV. It had been the height of summer when first Stephen Hatfield saw that terrible vision of the dead man's face. As summer paesed iuto autumn, and autumn into winter, its recur rence became more frequent and had a very very disquieting effect upon Hatfield's nerves. It became plain to him that if he saw that face much oftener he would have to give up his work. Eyes, hand, brain, all seemed paralysed at times by fear and agony, Grace, not know ing what was wrong, entreated him to see the parish doctor. But Hatfield shook his head. ' No doctor can do me any good,' he answered gloomily. One day in December he came home and found her in tears. On asking what was the matter he elicited from her a tale of how Polly had run in from the street, crying out that her father had looked at her over the fence. 'The child would not remember him,' aaid Hatfield. 'She's five years old, and she was very fond of her poor father,' said Grace. Then, wiping her eyes, she added indistinctly, 'I tb ought— I thought I saw bha myself last night.' But this was more than Hatfield could bsar. He went out again without waiting for the conclusion of her little story. ' Are we all to be haunted by George Dene's ghost?' he asked himself, almost angrily. 'For me, it's natural enough, but what have they done ?' Grace Dene felt a little hurt by his abrupt departure. She sat down and cried, caressed Polly, and gave herself up for a few minutes to the luxury of indulgence in her own quiet Borrow ; but then ehe remembered that Bhe had a good many things to do, and so betook her self, somewhat less tranquilly than usual, to her household tasks. It was Christmas Eve, and she had determined that her own sorrow, her own sad memories, should net bring sorrow to other people. For Stephen's sake she meant to be cheerful, and to make him think that she was content. She wondered that he did not come back to tea. She put little Folly to bed, and sat by the fire with some needlework. The night was fine but windy, and on the wiad there came from time to time the sound of the Christataa bells. ! Her hands had fallen on her lap ; her eyes were fixed in mournful reverie upon the glowing embers of the grate, when a sound at the door arrested her attention. Stephen stood in the doorway — the kitchen door opened upon a little bricked yard— and bis hand was still upon the latch,. A gust of cold air blew in extinguishing the caudle at Grace's side. She sprang up, and then stcod still. She could juBt eee Stephen's face ; there was a ghastly smile upon it that made her heart beat strangely fast. 'What is it, Stephen?' she said nervously He lifted up one finger as if warning her to be silent. 'Do you know who stands ont eide ?' he asked her, with the same weird smile upon his face. ' I saw him as I came in ; I should ebb him BtUl if I looked again. Your husband, Grace — George Dene.' ' My husband !' she cried, flinging up her hands. 'Not in the flesh, Grace; not in the fle3h. You would not see him. if you looked, but I see him — I eee him wherever I go. He was here at your window not long ago.' _ ' Oh, Stephen, you frighten me !' said Grace, sinking down in her chair and covering her face with her hands. The sight of her tears calmed him. He closed tbe door softly and advanced towards her, looking earnestly at her bowed head. ' I don't want to frighten you, Grace,' ha Bald. 'It was those accursed bells that sent me home to you. They rang and rang till I could bear it no longer. ' Go back, po back,' they eaid. * Tell her the truth. Go back,' and eo I thought that if I came to you and told you the whole truth, I might perhaps be de livered from the terror that follows me night and day. Night and day, sleeping or waking, I see him,' Hatfield went on with a startled glance over his left shoulder, 'and I know that he comes to punish me for what I did. Perhaps if I tell all the truth and give myself up I may yet know peace. The bella have driven rce to you.' ' But— why ? What do you mean, Stephen?' eaid Grace, beginning to tremble with an inex pressible fear. He took no notice of her question. 'Look at me,' he said. 'Have I not suffered ? Am I the man I was a year ago ? I do not know how I live, how I eat or sleep. The misery that has fallen upon me is more than I can bear. For I never meant to be a murderer, Grace ; I never meant to hurt him, though I thrust him away from me and struck him in my wrath. Grace, Grace, believe me, I never meant to harm a hair of hie head !' He fell down on his knees before her as he spoke, stretching out his hands to her in a blicd groping way. She drew back an inch or two, looking at him with a strange expression, half of repulsion, half of pity, in her eyes. In after days his face came back to her as she had seen it then, and she re membered how wasted it wa3 — how worn with grief and care. But just then eha thought only of his words. 'Tell me what you mean,' she gasped out below her breath. 'Ib George dead? What do you mean ?' ** I mean, Grace, that I— /-skilled your hus band, George Dene.' A low cry escaped ber lips. ' Not by my hand,' he said, looking down at tbe thin fingers that shook as with an agae while he held them out. 'Not by my own baud. He came to me on Christ mas Eve — a year ago this day— and the bells were ringing overhead as they ring now. He told me of his happiness with you, and I could not bear it. Don't you know, Grace, how I have loved you all these years. He stole you from me, or I should have won you— I swear I should have won you if he had left me time. But he took everything from me — home, wife, children ; he had all and I had none. 1 was alone in the world ; a miserable wretch, caEt iff by God and man. I had no hope of happiness. Then he came to me and he spoke of you. I struck him — I thrust him out of my way. He fell over the line. I did not stay to help him up. I forgot that the ex press was nearly due. He must have been stunned — insensible — when the train came up.' His voice failed him. He bowed himself to the ground and lay at her feet. There was silence for a time. 'God forgive you, Stephen,' said the woman at last in a broken voice. She sat very still, white as death, with the tears dropping over her pale cheeks. The gentleness, as well as the infinite Badness of her tones, unloosed his tongue once more. He did not rise, bat faltered out disconnected words and sentences that ehe could scarcely hear. ' f You e»y ? God forgive me.' I bless you for thoEe wordB.' He dragged himself nearer to her and kissed her foot. ' I do not ask you to forgive me ; it would be no use, I know. My life's cot been worth living; the sooner it ends the better. I shall give myself up t3 the police this ?very night ; I wish they would hang me and have done with it. When I am in my grave, Grace, perhaps you'll forgive me then. My-love, my lore, you'll never know howmuch I've loved you. And you would have loved me if I'd had the time ? ' ] *? What noise was that which a listening ear would have noted ? The creak of a latch, the sound of a footfall on the threshold ? They did not hear. 'God pity yon— God forgive you,' said Grace, with increasing agitation, 'No, Stephen Hatfield, don't delude yourself with a false belief. I should never have loved you if we had lived side by side for a thousand yean. I never loved but one man in my life, nor ever shall again ; and that, as you well know, was George Dene. And yon that killed him,' ehe cried, bursting into tears; 'ask God to pardon you, and Fil pray to Him that He may ; night and morning 1711 pray far your poor unhappy soul, Stephen Hatfield; but I will go away from your house now, which I never would have entered if I had known the truth ; and never, never will I look upon your face again.' She rose from her seat. Hatfield struggled into a kneeling posture, caught at her dreaB and pressed it to his lips, 'God will forgive me if you ask Him,' he said. 'You give me hope by that one word, Grace, No, I shall never see you again. I dont think it will be long before I go where George has gone. Perhaps I may meet him somewhere— perhaps I may ask him to forgive mo ' He had risen to his feet and turned away. Grace gave a little cry. Who waB it speaking ? Who was it standing in the open door? 'No need to go far for that, Stephen Hat field,' said a voice which had a strangely familiar sound. ' I am here, and you may ask me what you like.' The room swam before Hatfield's troubled eyes. When they cleared again he saw Grace clinging to a- tall, gaunt, feeble looking man, whose arms were clasped tenderly around her, whose lips were pressed to her fair face. It was no dream. This was no vision of the night. George Dene was alive, and had come back to claim his wife. What was he Baying? It seemed to Hatfield that he could scarcely hear for the tumultuous beating of his heart, the surging trouble of his brain. *' I've been in hospital until a fortnight ago,' George said. ' I lost my memory for a time. It was some other poor chap who was killed by the express, not me. I got up after you pushed me away, Stephen, and walked out of the town, I hadn't been well all day, and I felt dizzy and strange. They told me afterwards that I must have had a fever coming on, and that the fall — well, perhaps it made me a trifle worse, there was some sort of concussion, they called it. Anyway. I was found by the roadside and taken to a hospital five miles from Bedford, and there I stayed. My mind seemed gone, even when my body was stronger. I came fully to myself only a month ago. Then I went to Woodley and found Grace gone. I hunted for her everywhere. Then I came here.' He stopped to embrace his wife once more, and to glance at Hatfield, who was sitting beside the table with his face hidden upon his folded arms. 'I enquired about Hatfield, and little by little I pieced together the whole story. I knew that he, at least, thought me dead. I saw Polly to-day, and I had a glimpse of you, too, Grace, but I did not know whether you had a place for me in your heart or not, I thought— -shall I tell you what I thought ?'* 'No,' she answered, laying her hand upon his lipB. ** I can guess, George. But I should never have loved any man but you.' 'Ah, bo I heard you say, my darling; aud I know — I know how true and faithful you have always baen, I had rancor in my heart against my old friend here— yes, I'll call him my friend, for I know now how sad and bitter bis life has been — but if I had had any thing against him, I forgave him as I stood at bis door and beard tbe Christmas bells ringing overhead. 'Peace and goodwill,' they seemed to say. And I thought to myself. ' Let by gones be bygones between Stephen Hat field and me!' Let us thank God that I have come back to you, Grace, and that out old friend Stephen can be our old friend still.' They heard Stephen give a gasping, strug gling sigh, almost like a sob. They waited silently for a moment, but he did not lift bis head. 'Stephen thought he saw you— many times,' eaid Grace, shuddering a little as the memory of his words came back to her. ' He must have fancied it. I came to Bed ford yesterday, the first time for a year past. Come, Stephen, my old friend, lift up your head and give me your hand at last.' He put bis hand on Hatfield's shoulder ; and Grace bent over him with tender words. 'You'll be our brother now, Stephen, and love us both as we love you. Hark to the Christmas bells ! ' Peace and goodwill' — it's twelve o'clock striking. Christmas Day ! Stephen, a happy Christmas ! A happy Christmas to us all !' But Stephen's happy Christmas was not of this world. 