TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The collision at Windsor is one of the worst railway accidents that has yet happened in the colony. There have been more sensa tional collisions-like the one at Burnley, where two trains, running in opposite direc- tions, met at full tilt on the same line of rails, but this one transcends all others with its long list of killed and wounded. Disaster apparently is not to be avoided, even under the most efficient management. Some- where a weak spot is sure to exist, and then, when least expected, the machinery breaks down. After the com- pletion of the Richmond Junction, by which the three suburban systems were provided with lines of rails separate and distinct from one another from Melbourne to the points at which they diverge, it was thought that the day of accidents was past. While the trains had to run through the "bottle-neck" at Richmond there was danger; after the " bottle-neck " had been cleared away there could be none, and the residents of Brighton were once more granted their express trains. The resuming of the express is one cause of the accident-a far off cause, we admit-but nevertheless one entering sufficiently into the circumstances of the occasion to justify the question which is now being everywhere discussed, as to whether we ought to have two classes of trains-some stopping at all stations and others running through three or four sta tions-on a busy suburban line, where the same person has to perform the double duty, as at Prahran, of working the telegraph code, on which the safety of the trains depends, and selling tickets. Under the block system, if properly worked, collisions are impossible: but if the officer at A station mistakes the purport of the mes sage sent from B station, then anything may happen—and accidents, we fear, are not only possible but probable where a lad of 14, who has only had two or three weeks experi- ence altogether, attends to telegraphing at an important place like Pr&hran;, through which ran nearly 200 trains a day. The blame of tbe railway accident chiefly lies between the Prahran telegraph- clerk and the signal-man at Windsor—which of them was in fault, and how far, also, the guard neglected his duty, we may leave the board of inquiry to find out. Our present concern is to clear Driver Haskell, who, with his fire man, was tbe earliest victim in the disaster. At first it was thought that Haskell had disregarded one of the adverse signals on the semaphore at Prahran, but there are now ample grounds for holding that both upper and lower lights were showing white. They were not both showing for him, as it turns out, but he was not to know that Not only was Haskell one of the oldest drivers in the service, but he had just been rewarded for exhibiting judgment and nerve in critical circumstances, and so avoiding a collision. Such a man was the least likely of all persons to ran at express speed past a red signal. To his coolness and instinc- tive perception of the right thing to doj in the moment of jeopardy the passen gers in the express owe their escape. His quick application of the brakes saved the express, and reduced the blow given to the ordinary. The driver and fireman them selves perished because the engine was run ning tail foremost, and the "cab" in which, they were standing was the first thing that came into contact with the van of the stand ing train. The doubling up of the cab and the general wreck of the engine caused them to be enclosed in a fiery cage. It is most likely, however, that both men were killed instantly by the shock of the collision, and so escaped the agony of being roasted alive. To assist the reader in arriving at a pro- visional judgment on the facts set forth in our detailed reports we may call attention to two or three points. First, the ordinary train leaving Melbourne at half-past 5 halted at Richmond, South Yarra, and Prahran, after which it had to run through Windsor without stopping, and proceed to Balaclava. It was in a limited sense an "express" train, at least, it was an express from the point of view of the Windsor signal-man, if the term "express" signifies a train missing one or more calling places. Here we have the first possibe source of confusion between Windsor and Prahran. The Brighton ex- press, leaving town at 5.40, had to run through Richmond, South Yarra, and Prahran, not stopping til Windsor was reached. The block system is so planned that the ex- press could not, or ought not. to have had "white" signals set for it to run by Prahran until the ordinary had left Windsor. When time is kept there is an interval of seven minutes at Prahran between the ordinary and the express. The total gain of the express up to this point is three minutes—not much in return for the risk incurred. In this case a pause occurred, further reducing the inter val, not allowed for in the time table. The ordinary was stopped outside of Windsor by an adverse red signal; and a delay took place in reporting "all clear" for the ordinary to Prahran. After the signals were set by Berrie at Windsor—Tozer, his assistant, says he pulled over " the whole" of them—for the ordinary, that train was unable to move, but stood helpless in the cutting, invisible to either station. At this time white lights were showing all the way from Prahran to Windsor —two on the semaphore next Prahran for the express, and two more on separate posts further down the line for the ordinary. The first pair of lights and the next single light were in the view of Maskell, the express driver, who thought they were all meant for his train, but they were not, because misunder- standings had arisen between the two stations, which were providing a clear road for different trains. The question, then, which has to be cleared up is a simple one. What messages did Windsor exchange with Prahran, and to which train did they relate ? The Imperial Conference, as we had occa sion to remark before, is doing good. Both the old country and the colonies are learning something from it. Last week the colonial representatives were taken to Woolwich to see the great guns, and, on the way, Sir James Lorimer discovered, for the British War office, that the Thames is insufficiently protected. The skill which our Defence de partment has shown in constructing forte and batteries for the safeguarding of Melbourne entitles the Minister in charge oi them for the time being, though he has not himself been educated in the ait of war, to speak on such matters with authority, and to be listened to with grave respect It is amusing to think that the wise heads of the Empire should have been troubling them selves tor several weeks with the ways and means of rendering out-of-the- way places like Thursday Island and King George's Sound impregnable, while all the time thej were ignorant of the fact that the highway leading to London had been left wide open, at the mercy of the first comer. Some dependence, of course, is put on the Channel fleet; but an Austrian military writer has just proved on paper that the British navy can be wiped out very speedily. It has many a time before been wiped out (on paper) by foreign critics, but never in actual fighting. Some day, however, the fleet may go under unexpectedly, BO Sir James Lorimer acted the part of a true friend in calling attention to the necessity for the immediate fortification of the Thames. The cable mes sages are provokingly reticent as to the effect his candid epe&king; produced on the Wool wich authorities or the War Minister. Perhaps they merely smiled. "Whenever lit Deakin Bays anything, we not only hear of it, but what English statesmen say in reply. It is because the Chief Secretary is more diplomatic than the Minister of Defence, and only pays compliments like that ^ neat little one of his to the Master of Trinity. "We have everything," he said to Dr. Butler, " we require in the shape of material prosperity in Australia, and lack only the high intellectual culture to be found in the mother country." A remark of that kind, coming from Mr. Deakin, can be made without offending the amour propre of the democratic party in this colony, who rather distrust learning and intellectual brilliancy. Our defect is that of all young communities. When we have the good luck to produce a genius, he is off home at the first opportunity. The musicians of promise, for example, who are born on Australian soil, take flight as soon as they get their wing-feathers. Some few men of large culture have struck root in the uni versities and kindred seats of learning ; but wherever mental activity is greatest, as in London or Paris, there the bright and shining lights of the world are sure to as semble, for company's sake, if no better reason. Mr. Deakin was, therefore, saying nothing rash or disparaging. Indeed, the Ctiief Secretary has comported himself throughout the present exenrsion with admirable tact, and the golden opinions he has won from all sorts ol people have been fully deserved. In delivering the opening address of the Working Man's College, Mr. Gillies laid great weight on the rapid advance made by the Continental nations, and especially by Germany, in the arts of industry and com merce, which he attributed entirely to the influence of the technical schools. But, if the plain truth were told, it would be siufl that the English industries are suffer ing from that insane desire for gentility which afflicts all classes. Parents almost in variably make op their minds that their sodb are to eccupy a "better" position in the world than themselves, and never to be soiled or Bullied with the stuns of manual labour. If boy shows any ability in his school arithmetic, he is straightway' destined for ft bank, a mer chant's office, or one of the learned professions. As a ueneral role, nothing could be more short-flighted, or more opposed ro the real interests of the young people themselves. A bank-clerks work IB the most mechanical and most mono tonous of all occupations; the average clerk in the commercial world is doomed to 6 life of genteel poverty, sometimes varied in periddB of depression by actual" hardship; a barrister at the sge of thirty ifl 'only hoping that he will be able to make an income *ome day. But In Ala iwi vwttpwmnt of ability the todo| areBpleodiil oppor^uitl«a> 'Vedei stance engineering, which gives room or continual inventions, which offers un limited scope for ingenuity, vrbicli holds on a multitude of big prizes and comfortab e positions all over the world. Engineers from the workshops of the Clyde fi'ii high places in the navy and the merchant service, as w® as in Russia aud South America and other countries, and some of the educated yout of Glasgow are now turning their eyes in this direction. We do not disparage teebnica training, but we do assert that the first requi site of an inventive aud progressive indus trial system is to get young men of good brain and habits of perseverance into the workshops. Experts differ as to the aims and uses of free libraries. It is reported of the late Sir Redmond Barry, the father ot the Melbourne Public Library," which is one of the jjreat book collections of the world, that he was averse to giving novels a place on the shelves. It used to be said, no doubt in joke, that he had a special dislike to Thackeray for the liberty that distinguished writer took with the name of Barry, by using it as a title for one of the least beautiful, though unquestionably one of the most clever, of his works. There were few novels in the library in Sir Red mond's day, and "I am happy to say they are being stolen one by one." Such are said to have been his words. We doubt if Parlia ment would be so liberal with its. grants of money if the Public Library were only a place of entertainment for persons who kill time by reading works of fiction. There is some thing to be said on the other side, however. When opening the new building of the Brighton Free Library on Saturday, the Chief Justice preached from a different text. His Honour would be delighted if the average reader bad higher literary tastes, but his tastes, such as they are, must be gratified. To put useful and instructive works on the table when the desire of the average reader is for love stories and sensational adventures will, his Honour points out, only have the effect of discouraging young men and young women from coming to the rooms. It is better that they should read novels than not read at all, and we must trust to their acquiring an im proved taste in time. But, if it be true of novel reading, as of other forms of amuse ment, that appetite grows by what it feeds on, may we not be doing harm rather than good by providing the young with ample means of indulging in mental dissipation ? These free libraries, of which we have so many, and in which Mr. Higinbotham takes such just pride, are maintained out of annual grants from the consolidated revenue. Has the state any intention of subsidising the reading of fiction? Are not free libraries wasted, to speak plainly, if they do not have some effect in cultivating the intellect of the young Victorian? The Chief Justice, how ever, is obviously thinking of the wants of men and women who have not the means to buy books or subscribe to circulating libraries. Servant girls are great buyers of "yellow backs," but the working man has no savings to lay out in that way. The prevailing taste, his Honour says, must be gratified, but he draws the line at realistic French novels and newspapers that print the vicious details of the divorce cases, which it is the unhappy privilege of himself and the other judges of the Supreme Court to investigate. The Com missioner of Customs has to read the works of Zola as a matter of official duty. Mr. Walker would never read them for pleasure, nor should any other well-regulated citizen. Here the popular taste, when it hankers after this sort of literary stimulation, is bad, and must go ungratified. Somehow the proposed Imperial Institute does not take either at home or in the colo nies. The laureate tells the "patriot archi tect to shape a stately memorial and make it regally gorgeous, some Imperial Institute rich in symbol, in ornament, which may speak to the centuries after us of this year of jubileeand the Prince of Wales has rested neither night nor day in his efforts to popu larise the idea. A stately memorial, of the Queen's fifty years of successful reigning would be a pleasing object to the eye; but nobody seems to know what the Imperial Institute will be like, or what purpose it will serve, besides perpetuating the memory of a long ewes of worthy events. A permanent exhibition of products and manufactures is not wanted. It is better to hold exhibitions periodically than to have them always open. After a time the public grows weary of seeing and hearing of the same things day after day, and goes after something new. Then the changes that take plaqe in manufactures and products are so rapid that in a few years designs, models, patterns, and specimens become obsolete. In the colonies we do not observe that any pnblic body has responded to the invitations which have been circulated by the Premier. The circulars have been acknowledged and pot aside for future con sideration. A prejudice has arisen against the institute at home, because the "South Kensington gang"-as the group of Exhibi tion managing officials in London are called -is supposed to be wanting to take charge Unpleasant things are being said in London about officials whohad a leading share in the management of the Indian and Colonial Exhibition, the "Inventories," and the " HeaUberiea." Some of the staff, it is shown, were shareholders in the limited company which got the contract for adver rising, and one was in the employ of the firm who did all the printing. A specific indict ment has been framed, and it will be inte resting to see &0W the charges are met To the Prince of Wales, who has brought the Institute proposal before the public, on loyal and unselfish grounds, all this must be very annoying. Perhaps something may be done to give the right direction to public opinion in this colony when the Premier offers an officii statement to Parliament on the sub ject At present we are all groping in the fiark, ? Can anybody guess what was the first question pat V Sic Hemy Parkee to the Chiuese commissioners when they callcd on him at the public offices in Sydney ? There were many things to talk about, and as the conversation took place in English, both parties felt at their ease. Just now the subject of general concern iu Sydney is the prodigious waste of lime that is goine on in Parliament. This session the columns ot Hansard already measure a length of 453 yards, or 6ay the length of " the Block" in Collins-street; and the speeches of Mr. Walker and Mr. O'ftullivan in type would sketch across a river 220ft, wide, bir Henry Partes might have aaked General Wong: Yung llo whether he had ever heard of such speaking before, and the trenns of putting it down. But he did not. The Premier's question, " after a slight pause] in the conversation," wa=, "What; do you think of our harbourV The; general's face, we read, was " covered with I an intelligent smile as fie replied en thusiastically, 'It is the finest harbour I have seen.'" General Wong Yung Ho we welcome as a trained diplomatist, and he will pass serenely through every ordeal that may be contrived for him in Australia-until he gets to Adelaide. There he will have the rivals of Glenelg and theSeroaphore to please. Which of them possesses the better anchor age? They are competing for the honour of accommodating the Nelson on her jabilee visit; but the Gleneljzites have secured Lady Brassey's promise to anchor the Sunbeam opposite their jetty, gettins a start of the Semaphoreans by wiring to Perth. General Wong Yung Ho has gratified Sir Henry with a wide-spread intelligent smile, but one such expression of delight won't suffice for the South Australian rivals. In Melbourne, of course, ail Mr. Gillies will ask the com missioner is what he thinks of Collins street aud the fine smells of the Yarra. At the annual meeting of the Presbyterian | Assembly of Queensland, the oft-debated question was brought forward, whether fer-1 men ted or un fermented wines should be used at the 6acrament of the Lord's supper. The body moving in the matter on this occasion was the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Maryborough, which made an "overture" to the assembly through the local presbytery. The sanction given to the making of wine from the juice of the grape by the ordination of the Lord's supper has always been a source of grief to thorough going teetotallers, who had much rather that wine had never been mentioned in the Bible, except for the purpose of being condemned. They would have the miraculous incident at the marriage in Can a of Galilee re-written, were it lawful to amend the Scriptures. It has been argued by some great casuists among them that there is nothing to Bhow that fermented wine is meant when wine iB spoken of in the New Testament; and therefore, they say, it may fairly be inferred that no fer mented wine is meant; but, with doe reverence, we may point out that the passage | in St John leaves no doubt on the mind of the student and the impartial reader that the wine taken at marriage feasts in Judea was made from the grape- Palestine being the country of the vine-and i that such wine bad an intoxicating effect if taken too plentifully. And at the marriage in Cana the guests were not rebuked for asking for more when the original stock had been exhausted, but, on the contrary, their demand was complied with in a miraculous way. During the debate la the assembly the Rev. P. Robertson, a total abstainer of 33 years' standing, had the manliness to de clare his conviction that it was the ordinary fermented wine of the country that was used at the Lord's supper, and that our Lord used the ordinary wine of the country himself, otherwise His enemies would never have been able to call Him "a gluttonous man and a winebibber." The discussion was closed with a warm pro test from the Rev. J. F. M'Swaine against any trifling with ordinances of the church which were based on the clear meaning of Scripture. And the decision arrived at was to leave each congregation to the exercise of its own discretion. " Perish tbe hand," cud Mr. U'Swaine, " that would profanely with draw from tbe Lord's Supper the memorials of our Redeemer's death. The devil, as ot old, tried to spoil what he conld not hinder, and is now, in this matter, using the in temperate advocacy of the temperance people to spoil the work of temperance." Mr. M'Swaine has made a discovery which ex plains much that has hitherto been incom prehensible in the eccentric behaviour of "intemperate teetotallers." They are the playthings and puppets of tbe Evil One, and every good Christian ought, in duty bound, to pray for their speedy deliverance. 'A mysterious ghost story" has been figuring in the Adelaide newspapers lately. The Bcene was laid in the house of a farmer named Hamdorff, living with his wife and family at Yanyarrie, on tbe banks of the Boolcunda Creek. The inmates were dis turbed at odd honrs of the night by un accountable knocking, which seemed to be always somewhere near one of their little girls. I{ she lay down in bed it began on die wall, and when she sat on her little box the knocking always seemed to come from within, though the box was, of course, too small to hold a foll-Bized spiiitstanding erect Mr. and Mrs. Hamdorff took the girl with them to Quorn to see whether the knocking would follow, and left two boys in charge of the house. The local policeman, Constable Shegog, from a chivalrous sense of duty, undertook to investigate the mystery, aqd, if! possible, arrest the perturbed spirit A strong party was formed, and the houseoccopied. At 9 p.m., the light having been blown out, knocking was heard on the wall. Two in vestigators went outside and searched, while the others stayed within doors.\ Ihsyoould Bee nothing, though the knocking went paj oatil, to teply to ft. request . to knock Iwdw, jibe building was peioe^pttbly shaken,; everybody went to bed, but aa the rei^T" gravely and feelingly observes, not to «i Quietness prevailed until 2 a.m. When tk" knocking was resumed. The building' examined carefully iuside and out, but traces of the " supernatural visitant" be found, though he was busy until 3 In daylight, it was whispered about tha^ shepherd was drowned in a waterhole Z * by some years ago, and that a strance had been observed at night riding after I. Here were all the elements of a thrift' sensation. The Hamdorffs vowedtbev w'"!? not return to their house, but move to a locality. However, they did return ^ Constable Shegog resumed his inquiries their presence. There was one suspicious cir cu instance. Knocking was never beard unKi the lights had been put out, and this seem to have suggested to the wary constable tW trickery was at work. So be proceeded with his inquiries in a new way, and was reward^ with success. The story, we regret to 8al has a common-place ending. The knocking on the box was done by the little girl w:.u her hands and feet, and the knocking on the wall by one of the bora who pulled a string attached to a weight The object of the Hamdorffs in planning this little mystification has yet to be ex plained. Perhaps they intended starting business as spirit and ghoBt makers. The children, if they continue as they have began may develop into first-class mediums, or some' thin? worse. They are receiving le^ which have a dangerous tendency. Few literary men of any note escape the charge of plagiarism at some time in their career, and it is, therefore, not surprising j that such ft prominent writer as Mr. fijifc, Hacgard should be subjected to the ordeal, j One of the instances brought forward may be dismissed as of slight importance. It has been pointed out that there is a remarkable resemblance between certain of the incidents and ideas in She and some in Thomas Moore's romance, the Epicurean, a work not very familiar to the reader ot to-day. On behalf of Mr. Haggard it has been denied that he read the Lvicurean before writing his most sensational work of fiction, but the matter is of little consequence. Even admitting that some of his incidents, and even the central idea of the work, are borrowed, he has made them so entirely his own by his mode of treatment that he can no more be accused of plagiarism than can Shakspeare, vb» borrowed die plots and incidents of most of his plays from inferior novels and No one reading the two books can say that there is the slightest resemblance between the tipicurean and She, taken as a whole, and this ia quite sufficient to clear Mr. Haggard as far as this case is concerned. The other instance rests on a different foot ing. It is alleged that in bis most recent book, Jest, he has incorporated bodily, with out any acknowledgment aa to their sonree, certain verses which appeared some yean ago in an American periodical Mr. Haggard being absent from England, has not yet made any reply, but it has been contended for him that the verses were sent to him by a lady, since dead, and that he, thinking she was the aathor, had therefore a right to make use of them as he might think fit. If should be Mr. Haggard's defence, it mast at once be condemned as totally insufficient, on the broad ground that no writer is entitled to take credit for what somebody else baa written. He might easily have appended a brief note stating that the verses in question were by a friend of his, in which case he would have escaped any charge of litenuy dishonesty. Instead of doing bo, he BlighUy altered them so as to make them suit the situation in his novel, leaving it to be inferred that he was the author. One of Mr. Haggard's apologists asks whether it is considered plagiarism to qoote without acknowledgment from a well-known aathor such as Shakspeare or Byron. The answer is clearly no; but any writer woald be condemned if he altered the text of his aathor as Mr. Haggard has dona The question is, did Mr. Haggard wish to be thought capable of writing poetry as well as prose. If he did, «««< a satisfactory answer to the charge has yet to be made, be must bfi condemned as guilty of a breach of literary honesty, which is something worse than s a great deal of what goes by the Dame of plagiarism. Several interesting items have reached t» from Europe daring the week. TbeMsbv rajah Dhnleep Singh* the son of .the last ruler of the Sikhs, has betaken himself to 6H Petersburg, and placed his cervices at At disposal of the Bosiian Government Since his boyhood he l"w redded In England where he received a large pension, amount at one rime to £40,000, as compensation for the loss of the Punjaub. He was nnsblft however, to live on his modest income, and contrived. to nut into debt on all sidefc The English Government once pud off hi® debts, bat they seem at last to have grown tired of Dhuleep Singh's extravagance ana constant clamouring tor money. As a Isstn* sort in the game of life, he has determined to play the Russian card,evidently in the hope that he may win back the Punjaub, bat then ii every reason to hope that the Sikhs, who ws the most warlike oar Indian fellow-subjeco, will prefer wheat-growing to fighting for * worthless naler. Prince Bismarck ia «ou« , the ronnd of his temporarrfriendshipJi ano ® apparently for the present on the beat ftj?" tions with the Czar., The German official press has consequentlybeen assuring that she need dread no interference in toe tern question. To make this 'fince Bismarck has startled Europe w atent&tiously; humbling r Austria* giving an account of the compact mw between that country andBossi* bWore Rosso-Turkish wafc pi cours*, the tevei^ tioninlUfclfUnoi Mtonishinfe/etoc* everf tunjty whether he will harass Afghanistan, or agftio take UP tIie Bulgarian question. Tlic late which has attended the attempt (o bring out one of Wagner's operas in PariB mi-rht almost have been anticipated, though it is little in accord with the boasting of those pcrfervid Frenchmen, who regard their city as the centre whence "sweetness and light" radiate forth to the surrounding universe. a matter of fact, the French are distin guished for their narrowness, and the patriotic bias which has always hindered their appreciation of foreign woiks'in litera ture and art In maaic this limitation is particularly marked. The trivialities of the modern Italian school of opera have indeed been warmly welcomed in France, but the Grande Nation has never taken kindly to the <rreat German masters whose works havemade an epoch in the development of the musical art. It was hardly to be expected that a people who arc unable to recognise the great ness of Handel and Beethoven would hail with delight tlie daring innovations of Wag ner. Hence, in 16G1, the Parisians, who were just plunging into the course ot musical dissi pation provided for them by Offenbach and Lecocq, hissed "Tannhauser" off the stage. This was, perhaps, hardly to be wondered at, even in England the " music of the iuture " was then practically unknown, and it was not until some years later that Wagner's operas were put before a London audience. ]t has, however, been a serious blow to the claim of (he French to rule the world of taste that in the past 25 years, during which nearly all Wagner's operas have been given in Eng Jand and the United States, and several have been performed to enthusiastic audiences in Italy, until the other day no opportunity was .afforded to the Parisians to judge for them selves as to the merits of these, the most im portant and original art productions of the .age. Tiie explanation, however, is mainly to he found in the violent anti-German feelina -which has prevailed in France since the last war, and has deterred managers from risk ing their popularity and money by producing ?operas so Teutonic as those of Wagner. The composer has also partly himself to thank for this "boycotting," as he never lost an oppor tunity ot expressing his hatred and contempt ior the French, more especially daring the ?war. The recent outbreak of anti-German feeling, too, made the present a particularly unfortunate time to choose for the production of "Lohengrin." Still, making every allow ance for an excited patriotism, the compulsory withdrawal of the most beautiful of modern musical dramas must be taken as an addi tional proof of French inability to comprehend .alien forms of art. 