Revenge. I HATE served in the French army (as sur- geon), and sacrellcu ! I never yet suffered an insult from mortal being to pass una- venged. It was in the Tyrol, last year. While wandering through thnt picturesque country, I frequently encountered two ladies -one elderly, the other a widow-charming, pttite, spirituelle-Adrienne ! At last we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to the fair widow's charms-she was so sympa- thetic, so vivacious, yet with all that savoir faire of experience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure-how delicious its lines ! What masses of magnificent tresses ! What per- fect rows of ivory her coral-lipped smile permitted us to see ! What healthful bloom the exercise and mountain air had lent to her cheek 1-Tes, I would propose to her that evening. That night'I wont up to dress for dinner -an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morn- ing with the maitre d'hotel to change my room for one with a more southerly aspect j but when I had climbed to the first floor (no slight exercise!) whore my new apartment was.located, I found I could not recollect the 'number. "A little reflection, however, made me decido it was No. IS, hut, to make certain, I listened a moment at the door all wai still within-turned the handle softly and entered. Noni de Dieu, ! who was this ? Asleep,' on a fauteuil;'lay. the ghost of Adrienne !1 Adrienne ? Yes, but Adrienne transfigured. Haggard; nearly bald, 'with the cheeks falling in on the toothless gums, the outlines of ber figure (she had laid aside her dress)' showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille 1 ' A lay-figure wait- ing to be transformed by her maid into my Adrienne--waiting to be made into my decoy-but I would bo revenged! No stopping to hunt up my room now; I descended, to-the saloon, where I found most of the guests of the . hotel waiting for the-, dinner gong. I caught- a . glance of astonishment at. my own. undress uniform, and a thought struck me-I smiled. :,; The house happened to be full just then of a. very; fashionable company; tho ladies vied with one another in tho magnificence of their toilets, and i knew there was !a cer ,t»ra countess' who' waaespecially Adrienne's rival in this ' respect; An! I would shame her before them all ; I would give her a les- son under her rival's eyes-she should learn not to. trifle,; with honest :.affection--Mon 'Dieu/ yes! -J; .-v . . I am a mesmerist. ¡Mywillisiron. i I sat apart, and, turning up my eyes from those present, put all my will-foreer into action. Ono-two-three-four minutes- andthere ,was a footstep outside the dooiv-the handle was gently ,turned: and "Adrienne.' appeared -yes !: precisely, as: J had Been her a few minutes before I The whole roomful of list- less guests rose as if simultaneously galvan- ised-tho ladies ; shrieked , " a ghost," but Adrienne advanced quietly toward mo in her magnotic trance. vTJnder cover of offering her a chair,T made the releasing passes with my hand-sho 'awoko ^ gave ono glance' round atr tho staring' /company and the scornful byes of her rival,1 another itt her figure reflectedfin the mirror1 opposite; and with a wM scream, sank-a"fainting heap on the floor!-I.was revenged !.' . f i ,. , . That same night I thought. I heard some one ; moving ¿bout my room, and found the .following':' morning * my . glass eye; my : cork leg, my^, wig.ahd my. new. patent spring-fit- ting sot of teeth had been 'stolen'from., my', room. .AsVíny valet was . in Paris ¡I had to publish my loss beforo. I could move but of bed. ^'Adrienne 'ihadHeft 'the' house??? that night;" but not: without, retaliating. \- Han yJPrancisco-NewsrLetterí \ >. ' 