> METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. En-ryone is delighted at the success of the Cadet oucampmi-iit, nnd of course compli ment fl tiro showered up1" those (ar-sooing "iluTi'Stncn^ who aiKsujiposrd to have initiated (bo 111 ivciuWit. S-T:;e credit for this has boon -givon 'o-C-lonel- iS irjico'l, tate Afiniater of. Pefrnce. Now Colonel Sargood, howeror competent on orenniser lie may have prnvod b'lnsolfiii mlroduri»g; tho-'profoot- militia in licit .if. the void''.v.ilii»ieGrf, is i.ut o bo nllowi-d to run away Willi the A-t'rfni Hint attaches lo tilhri'.'in bringina about tlio : PMiiblUSimeiit. of u'Cadct force. Nearly ten ■ Tears Inivo elnp.4rd. Mnce t-lio idea in an ..unliryomc form was. formulated by fcbo lale ' J. J[. Qniiit Y ini l • Mr. John Woods in the 'Assembly. .. [r. wiis* ut;their suggestion that ' the.l'Ojs »tl.<'tidiii« S'nto .tcbools were taught 'inilil'iry drill at - first in a crude way, but 'after a tiiui", aiid u-iler- thn tuition of old 'sold'er.i t.'-e sirem grew and becamo popu f]if- . (Jo'oi'cl S irg -o I found thn materials ir-'ii'lv to hit lund when betook otTico under '■Mr'Scmec; anil tluvugh his instrumentality > I lie b\v«. wcre.tt'rmcd-iwis h the half-toy rifles I whu:li • bny now poss- js. Mr Woods. M.L.A., '•Hid the Utf'-'.Ur. Cr-int. however, are to bo 'c.vrtitid witi' lijvvliij; ongmatod tho idea of la^C.tdet corps.' ~ Au eMeriy, auirabl ) but fussy gentleman, acts (13 c-itrrur to tin Parli imont. for which, .'ho receives a subvention of orcrJSoOO a year. (1L-" looks iift-r the giat.nmuuc and bibulous interests of h 'U. inoinuei's and according to illie s'areiiniits lie is allowed to-have made, lie wa*. t'rrihly-ca'i'laiize 1 by tho fact that while there ivm only .620 worth of wine con ► ginned:' over?' £L0O*fror"lr~had 'boon charged for. j.Ho u;itj iHom.'il hitus-lf unrosorvedly, : and in so uiuny wjrJs is said- to havo made i tlie charge—the rery serious charge—ubove mentioned. Having mode inquiry into tho matter, I b:'hovn it h ■ all unothor three i bliick crows affair. Tno m iming after ,the i." light refrjsbin int ''given on tho occasion of opening tho hall,: a bottle of champagne, ii Iiilf of it oonsiiinnd, wns dirc.ivored in the i planter mod l of the Pirliament Ilouse, i' which may bo (eon in tho veatibulo of tho g.-iind hall, put there probably by same prudent ban. member who wis. afraid.of not . getting auothor, >nid who forgot, all about it tl'o moment afrer. The hhek bo'tlo half tilled with chumpivnc in pi° ciss of tune be came raagnided into £10J worth of grog •'stolen by the ine3se:igora." Wlut an awful faioe. ' Crimo is more rampant in Melbourne at tho proiont li ne i-!nii at any period of its histi y, n >t; eve;i oxooptin" :when. it was n jhirbor of refiue lo tho gentle bu'linngers i fr mi Uie tig'it. li t,lo Island over the straits. Jfrom burgl.iridu^ to slieltio'g.up in open day iand during the Soull hours of the morning, iliere is hut a slnglo st-p. ' During tho hot we il.tior people who havn business in town, of u night are fre>h now and again, and often go liumo nsroa«'tho girdens with unsteady slops and slow. I'ho chinc is; are, that in going through the rcsurveB, they come to •grief. Xh'7 are a-sault.ed and robb>d, and rather thou have a- fuss made, " thny any nothing ubout it. I'ney apprehend the roico of r'cii'idal. It miglit, be tli.-u<ht, that they were .Irunk und Sj on, wliic i, of course, they were not. I mat. a friend t'ie ot.'ior diy looking ex treni-ly 5-!rio:iv €f Wlnt's up, old fellow/' said t. "B.vl," rrj-uneil ho. KsplauniionB fol'OtTed. H.o w.iv y-iing h.)iin about two o'clock tho siiii*5 in .ruing, and while passing through the l'il/.ioy Gardens near his homn, hi* wasrucislcd bj a genilrmanly person, who enquired lliu Hour. No', suspecting any thing, my friend pu led out .a £70 chro nometer to which a T ihuihlo g.ild olmin was attached, both a testimonial from a religious body for Christian strricas rendered. With tho suddenness and re!oj:ly of lightning, the watch and chain disnpppurad, an-J with it the gentlemanly t!ii-f 'mentioned who aoomrd to Tanish into thin nir. 'L'Jin tieleetives, when consull erl, decla-ed that there was not a ghost; of a show cifrecofcjiufftlirt propyl t.V.. ..-I- ;>n sDiuo p'o^afterwards, passing tlirough tlie same gardens, was a ivtclitd unconscious by a ht jw from a hotivy stick, and w;!en iic c-.ine to hirns If, he found that ho was left with only h s shirt aud trousers. Fortunately he had left his watch »nd purse at hoinr. On Saturdiy night on old intra was actually murdered in the same locality. 