The Crimes Bill is giving a foretaste of the sort of fruit it will bear. No less than 300 amendments to its first clause means *' stonewalling on a scale so extensive that it is quite clear the work of legislation cannot possibly be transacted in the House of Commons until an entire change is made in its constitution, nor can anything else be expected in a House so divided against itself. Mr Gladstone's anticipations as to the impossibility of carrying on the business of the nation while such opposing elements are brought into conflict are being substantially realised under the very nose of the Speaker and Chairman of Committees— in spite of the rules and resolutions of procedure for the purpose of regulating and, where necessary, of closing debates. These rssolutions were intended to provide for closure of debate, but practically a bill cannot be carried until motions for amendments are disposed of, and these may be so numerous, as in the case of the Crimes Bill, that the briefest time allowed for the consideration of each amendment may occupy an indefinite period in the aggregate. And there is no way of getting over this difficulty except by a complete change in the existing system — no way but by granting local Parliaments to Ireland and Scotland, so that each section of the United Kingdom can legislate on its own affairs. It will have to come to this as sure as day follows night, and the delays caused by old conservative bigots are in the meantime weakening the power of the State by anseemly domestic broils, while all its available strength should be concentrated on one focus— a federation to promote the interests of the great empire, and to frustrate the ambitious cravings of foreign powers. The rules of the House of Commons as to the closure of debate are already so arbitrary that no Government, short of an actual despotism, could make them more rigorous. They are the tyranny of a majority over the freedom of a minority, and it only remains, in order to carry out the principle to its bitter end, that the said majority ordain that the minority shall keep silent altogether. When matters come to such a pass as they have in the House of Commons, it is high time to consider the question apart from all other considerations, whether some other mode of constitutional government should not be adopted at the earliest possible date. Russia is looking on with delight at the internal strife which is annihilating the high-toned spirit of the British Parliament— a body which rules the destinies of the empire. Russia and France see that the British Legislature has no time to consider questions of foreign policy. It is this that emboldens them to despise treaties and to appropriate territory in Central Asia and in the Pacific at their own sweet will. If matters go on — if the colonial empire is to be left to the mercy of the Home Parliament, cut up as it is by the factious elements of discord — heaven only knows what flag will wave over us in a few more years. And all this arises from a dogged determination to adhere to old Tory traditions, and withhold the light and liberty of the age from a portion of Her Majesty's free subjects. It is asserted that the Irish people are not fit to govern themselves — that, if they had a Parliament such as we have, they would excite sedition and endanger the safety of the throne. If the Irish people are so treacherous that they would turn like vipers upon the hand that healed their wounds, what, let us ask, is the position of the empire at the present moment? Irish soldiers and sailors form a very large proportion of the British army and the British navy. Even the constabulary of Ireland are sons of the soil. What would be our fate if these people possessed the characteristics at tributed to their race ? There would have been a mutiny long ago, surpassing that of the Sepoys at Delhi. On the contraiy, those men are the faithful defenders of the Crown. They have ever been foremost in the fight ; they have ever, when tried, been found trusty until the last drop of their life-blood ebbs. Whence, therefore, comes this monstrous delusion that would bind them with cords ? England is terrified at the thought of giving freedom to Ireland, as children are frightened by ghost stories. Shame on the man who could vote against restoring her Parliament to Ireland. The most that she could then do would be to legislate for her local requirements, and even that would be subject to the Royal assent as it is in the colonies. The cost of her standing army would be largely reduced, and a real union would be accomplished which would vastly strengthen the power of the Empire? The programme for the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee in Launceston, on the 21st June, submitted to the Municipal Council yesterday, and published in another column, is one which we believe will be acceptablc to the majority of the citizens. To satisfy the desires and expectations of all would be impossible. The proceedings will offer full opportunity to all classes to take an active part in a united demonstration of loyalty to the Queen. The exhilarating public proceedings are very well suited for the occasion, and are as numerous and varied as could be got through in one brief mid- winter day, while the illuminations of buildings —public and private— with the numerous tasteful designs in gas jets, colored lamps, and transparencies ; the bonfires on the hills ; and a grand pyrotechnic display from that central position, the Firebell Tower, will furnish as much variety as the most energetic sightseers can have time to inspect. We look upon the proposed ceremony of His Worship the Mayor laying the foundation stone of the Launceston Victoria Museum and Art Gallery as the chief event of the day, as the building will form a permanent memorial for all time of the Jubilee year of the great and good Queen Victoria. Next in permanency will be the general distribution of the Tasmanian Jubilee medal to all school children present in Victoria Square, and taking part in singing the National Anthem. The medal will form a decoration which all natives and residents of Tasmania may feel proud to wear, and to hand down to their descendants from one generation to anothor, as its value will increase by age. The municipality of Deloraine has fixed the 15th June for celebrating the jubilee there, and other localities in the interior may follow that example by deciding upon some date anterior to the 21st June for holding their celebrations of the Jubilee. The adoption of this mode would enable thousands of visitors in the country districts to visit the Southern and Northern capitals on the 2lst June and be present at the grander displays to be made there. By holding all the celebrations on the 21st of June great numbers would be prevented from taking any part in the celebrations in the chief centres of papulation, though Hobart or Launceston may have been their birthplace or where they long resided. In this respect the authorities at Latrobe might profit by following the course already adopted by the people of Deloraine. It is a rather remarkable fact that the theories of medical men, whether at Hobart or Launceston, though seemingly perfect, are not corroborated by facts, in reference to the direct cause of typhoid. People residing in the immediate vicinity of the outlet of our main sewers in Launceston are so free from all disease that nothing would induce them to change to the apparently purer air of the suburbs. Of course it would be absurd to infer from this that the existence of sewers can be beneficial to health, but probably tfie position of the outlets being open to the refreshing breezes up the Tamar from the Straits may counteract the sewer gases or whatever might otherwise prove injurious from the sewerage. Our Hobart correspondent states that a singular fact was brought prominently before the public there on Friday night during a discussion upon sanitary matters, and that was that in Wapping, one of the lowest and worst drained sections of the metropolis, there has not been a single case of typhoid, but on the higher portions of the city, and generally amongst individuals in higher social positions, the disease has been most prevalent. These facts and numerous others of a similar character which can be brought forward, should induce the medical profession to search in some new direction for the actual cause and prevalence of typhoid in the Australian colonies and Tasmania. May it not arise from the use of too much solid meat, some of it very difficult to digest, and neglect to free the stomach from such ponderous matter by the use of simple medicines taken in time, which results in internal injury and typhoid ? Most of those attacked and cut down by typhoid have been persons previously enjoying robust health and despising all prescriptions in the shape of what, under the circumstances we have described, are necessary remedial medicines. May the whole cause of the disease not arise from the neglect of internal and not external sanitary measures? But whether research may prove this to be the case or not, all proper steps should be taken for the improvement of the sanitary condition of towns and premises in town and country. Twenty years ago the sanitary condition of Launceston was abominable, and yet typhoid was unknown in it. For the past quarter of a century considerable improvement has been made each year in the sanitary state of the town, of its buildings, while whole streets of rotten undrained tenements have been swept away, and yet typhoid prevails at certain seasons. It will thus be seen that theory and facts as regards the cause of typhoid do not go hand in hand. On the contrary the latter, in a very remarkable manner, flatly contradicts the former. It would therefore be advisable to search in new directions for the actual cause and origin of that fell disease, typhoid. The Museum and Art Gallery. — A report by the committee recently appointed by the Corporation to deal with this subject was brought up at the meeting of the Council yesterday, but as it was signed by only two of the committee-men, it was referred back for further consideration. Alderman Barrett took occasion to remark that his objection to signing the report was that there was not money enough to erect the building as proposed. From what he could learn, it would cost £1000 more than the £5000 which had been voted by Parliament, and, apart from that, he most thoroughly disagreed with the members of the committee who had signed the report that no second prize should be awarded. ' I regard it as very shabby indeed,' he remarked emphatically, "not to award a second prize, especially after all the designs have been sent in on the understanding that one would be given.' 'And that is why I refused to sign it,' added Alderman Scott. ' I find that the cost will exceed the amount voted, but I certainly do not see how, after a second prize has been offered, we can go and deliberately repudiate the promise which we made. I must certainly object to that kind of thing.' The matter was then referred back to the committee. The Jubilee Celebratoin.— It will be seen from our report in another column that the committee submitted yesterday an amended scheme to the Town Council for the celebration of the jubilee in Launceston. It is intended (should the committee's report be adopted) that from 9 a.m. to noon there shall be a military review in Victoria Square. By 11 o'clock the school children will have assembled, their positions will be marked out by flags, and the superintendent of each school will dis tribute medals with which he will have been previously supplied. At noon there is to be a royal salute, and that over the children will sing the National Anthem and disperse . At 2 o'clock a procession will be formed on the Market Square by the Superintendent of Police as marshal, in the following order : — City, St. Joseph's, and country bands, Friendly Societies, firemen, Mayor and aldermen, and then the citizens. The procession will proceed along Cimitiere, George, Brisbane, Wellington, and Patterson streets, and entor the Depot Grounds from Patterson- street. The whole assemblage will then group around the Museum reserve, and the Mayor will lay the foundation stone of the Museum and Art Gallery. After this the bands will play the National Anthem, and the people will disperse. In the evening there is to be a general illumination, a bonfire on the Cataract Hill, and a display of fireworks from the Firebell Tower at 8 p.m. The report of the committee was laid on the table in the usual manner, and it will no doubt form the subject of some discussion at the next meeting of the Council. Trust Estate of Paul Latham. — Mr J. L. Maddox, trustee in this estate, announces that a dividend has been declared, and is now payable at the office of Messrs. Rooke and Maddox, St. John- street. Pateena Private Quadrille Assembly. . — Members of this assembly are notified by advertisement that the assembly will meet to-morrow evening at the Masonic Hall, instead of Friday evening as previously announced. Drowsiness, biliousness, pains and aches, and ague, Hop Bitters always cures if made by American Co. Read Should the Council Pay?— A somewhat peculiar point involving the question as to how far a corporate body is liable for information which has been obtained by a tenderer, permanently to guide him in tendering for a particular work for which a public body had advertised, formed the subject of discussion in the meeting of the Town Council yesterday. It appears that the Council advertised for certain tenders for a certain work, that Messrs. Hinman and Wright tendered for the work, and that for reasons which were explained during the course of the discussion, the tender was returned unopened. Later on the firm alluded to wrote to the Council, and requested to have the amount which had been expended in cablegrams to England for the 'certain information' paid by the Corporation. The communication was referred in due course to the Finance Committee, who, looking at the circumstances of the case, recommended that the request should not be complied with. When the adoption of the report was moved in the meeting yesterday the Mayor, Alderman Scott and Alderman Button expressed their disapproval of the recommendation, and argued that the Council was morally liable, or at any rate that as a matter of fairness (considering that after the firm had been put to the expense of obtaining the information its tender had been returned unopened) the Council was liable for the amount. Both the Mayor and Alderman Scott went so far even as to state that if they were on a jury, and the case came before them in a court of law, they would give a verdict against the Council. On the other hand, the opponents of this view contended that if the firm went to the expense of obtaining special information it did so at its own risk ; that the Council was not bound to accept any tender, and that if the tender was returned the firm would have to take the responsibility and suffer the consequences. Eventually this view prevailed, for when the motion for the adoption of the report was pressed to a division it was carried by a majority of two. Caught at Last. — The perpetrators of the many burglaries that have been recently committed in Launceston have at last come to the end of their tether, as on Friday evening last a woman named Margaret Murphy, and on Saturday morning a man named James Goodall, alias Young, aged 66, were arrested at Campbell Town with articles in their possession answering the description of those reported to the Launceston police as stolen. They were brought to Launceston yesterday, and at 3 p.m. they appeared before Mr E. Whitfeld, J.P., on the following charges, and remanded for a week : — April 1, entering the residence of Mr J. F. Hobkirk, High- street, by raising a window, and stealing a quantity of plate and a gold prize cup, the gift of the late J. A Fawns. April 19, entering the residence of Mr H. Hastings. Wellington- read, and stealing a quantity of books. April 21, entering the residence of Capt. Martin, Stewart, street, by a window, and stealing a number of spoons, forks, work- box, photo, plate, etc. It appears that the old man Goodail sold some of the books at St. Leonards, and the same evening Sub-Inspector Palmer, of Campbell Town, met the woman Murphy at the Campbell Town Station, and she asked him the way to the township, stating that her husband had missed the train at St. Leonards. She had a quantity of luggage and a rug in her possession, and the sub- inspector's suspicion being aroused at the general appearance of the woman, he looked up the crime report, and found the description of the rug answered exactly to that stolen from Messrs. D. and J. Room's establishment last month. He arrested her immediately, and telegraphed to Mr James Coulter, Superintendent in Launceston, who wired back instructing Mr Palmer to keep a look out for the old man, with the result that on Saturday morning Goodall was also arrested, and it was found that the books he sold at St. Leonards were the same as those stolen from the residence of Mr Hastings, Wellington-road. When arrested the male prisoner made a clear confession of the whole of the burglaries. Police Court. — At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr Ernest Whitfeld, J.P., Jamss Anderson, Charles Robottom, and Hector Fletcher were each fined 5s and costs for having driven vehicles and horses across the intersections of public streets at other than walking paces. James Grelg was fined 5s and costs for having allowed a cow, his property, to stray at large on April 27. Fred. Woll was charged with having, on the 7th inst., stolen a silk handkerchief from the shop of Frederick Clabburn, and was remanded until Thursday next. Ernest Richards, Albert Richards, and John Harper pleaded not guilty to having, on April 22, used insulting language to William Hickson. The evidence of the complainant went to show that he was passing over the Windmill Hill on April 22, when the defendants called ' bull- dog,' and other insulting names, after him. For the defence William Cartledge deposed he was crossing the hill a few yards away from the comphinant, but never heard the defendants say anything to him. This closed the case, and Mr Whitfeld said as the evidence was of a rather conflicting nature he would give the defendants the benefit of the doubt and dismiss them. At 3 p.m. James Goodall, alias Young, aged 66, and Margaret Murphy were brought up before Mr E. Whitfeld, J.P , and charged with having burglariously entered the premises of Captain Martin, Stewart-street ; Messrs. J. F. Hobkirk, High-atreet ; H. Hastings, Wellington- road, and stealing therefrom a quantity of plate, books, household requisites, etc. On the application of Mr Goulter they were remanded for a week. The prisoners were arrested at Campbell Town, one on Friday, and the other on Saturday morning last, with a large number of the articles in their possession. Fuller particulars of the robberies will be found in another column. In Chambers. — His Honor Mr R. J. Beadon, Acting - Commissioner, arrived from Hobart yesterday by express, and at 3 p.m presided over a Court of Requests in Chambers. Several cases were set down for hearing, but the whole of the business was transacted in half-an-hour. The cases Turner v. Beeson, Dawson v. Wood, and Galvin v. Gurr were adjourned sine die on the application of the respective counsel. An interpleader summons A. and J. Burr v. H. Jones, J. Wallace, and H. Cassidy claimants, was dismissed with costs on the application of Mr Walter Croft, who appeared for the claimant Wallace. To- day the Acting Commissioner will preside at the May sitting of the Court of Requests to be held at the Court House, Patterson-street, at 10 o'clock. Mangana. — Our correspondent writes under date May 7:— Since I last wrote the reaper Death with his, sickle keen has been in our midst and carried off one of our oldest residents. John Denny, at the ripe age of 82. He has had a varied career, and from his long residence in the colony could tell some strange stories of the early days. An important event takes place on Thursday, which will quite liven our quiet little township, namely, the cleaning up of the Old Union Company. A special train is to be chartered, I believe, to bring a number of share- holders and direcfors from Hobart, and all I hope is that they will go home with a big cake. Mr Abel has obtained a license for his house, and has installed Mr and Mrs Wilson, from Hoburt, in charge. I can confidently say prospectors and travellers will find this one of the best places to slay at out of Hobart or Launceston. Rough on Catarah. '—Corrects oSoei odors at once. Complete cure nf wor*=t clironii cases ; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria sore throat. f.Tal breath. (4 'Rough OS Piles.'—' Why puffo Piles. Immediate relief and complete cure guaran eed. Ask for 'Rough on Piles.' Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. (4 1 The Acting -Commissioner, Mb, R. J. Beadon. — During the hearing of a few judgment summonsi s in Chambers yester day, Mr A. H. Davis (Musics. Douglas, Coliius, and Davis) asked His Honor, Mr II J. Beadon, to alio* a'i adjournment of one casj to be made to the July Court. The icting-Commiisioner stated ia reply to Mr Davis that he vra'! unable to make any appointment beyoi._ iii.xt month, as he had received an intimation from the Attorney-General that arrangements were in contemplation by which the work of the Commissioner in Launceston would be taken over by the Judges ot tho Supreme Court at the half-year Mr Davis remarked in an informal wzy that he was sure the legal profession in genera! would much regret to hear that His Honor would so scon cease to come amongst them. We hope, however, another oppor tunity will occur when the members of the Northern bar will express their regret in a more formal ehape, as during Mr Beadon' 8 tenure of office he has won the esteem of all those with whom he hss been brought in contact by his very caurteous demeanor, gentlemanly bear ng, and ability. One innovation hemade which found great favor among the profession was that in complicated case3, where various issues of fact upon the determina tion of which the law would imply a ver dict, it had been his custom to draw up a series of questions and submit them to the jury, who would enter a verdict upou them, but he would always reserve leave to counsel to apply in Chambers to enter j a different verdict on the finding of the j jury. This had often been availed of, and it was preferable to the custom sometimes observed, whereby the ver dict for the plaintiff had been simply recorded and nothing more. His de cisions in Bankruptcy and in the applica tions for new trials were indicative of care ful qtq minaffnn nf mraIav. a.nd he showed great skill in applying the principles laid down in decided cases to the actual facts of the case before him. In presiding at the country courts he was intensely popular, as it was his practice when hear ing a case, and where only couusel for odo side was engaged; to show great solicitude in imparting justice, and was always care ful that the facts of a case on behalf of the party unrepresented by counsel should be placed clearly before the jury. The appointment of such a learned barrister to fill the vacancy caused by the illness of that much- respected gentleman, Mr J. J. Whitefoord, has been very successful, and it is much to be regretted that his valued services cannot be retained. UU I inEi i uuii yiuuu i— iu uud meet ing of the Council yesterday afternoon a memorial was read from several persons resident in the vicinity of the People's Park, directing attention to the dis turbances caused by the animals which are located there for the benefit of students of animal life and others — especially others. It appears that these interesting creatures are in the habit of serenading the moon at rather inoppor tune moments, and occasionally of taking exception in a rather demonstrative sort of fashion to that lunar light which makes young poets grow lean and the midnight canine utter unconscionable yells. ' The unearthly howls go on day and night,' said the petition, ' ' and during the latter time are trying to those who are not blessed with sound sleep, and more so to the sick and delicate.' And then the petition went on pathetically to sub mit 'that such a nuisance should not be allowed to exist in our midst. We sincerely hope,*' it continued, ' that you will take steps to have the animals causing it removed or destroyed. We believe the dingoes are the chief disturbers of the peace, and they certainly are not rare in the other colonies, and would be no loss to the collection.' The memorial caused a little amusement, particularly when the more sanguinary parts were emphasised strongly by the Town Clerk. The Mayor was for immediately dealing with the coaiplaint. ' I don't know what are the experiences of the unfortunate people who live near to it,' remarked Alderman Dean. Alderman Button, who has a compassionate heart, disagreed with the proposal to destroy them. ' They can be removed down to Inveresk Park,' he said. ' I believe it was in contemplation to remove all the animals there.' ' Per haps,' remarked the Mayor, ' it would be better then to refer the matter to the Police Committee. My idea was to get rid of the nuisance at once, and cut their throats. ' This bloodthirsty language had the effect of producing a momentary death-like stillness all round the Council board. It was only broken by the voice of the Mayor exclaiming, ' If I were living iu the neighborhood I should have poisoned them long ago.' The matter was immediately hurried on to the Police Committee. The Owx, Club — It will bo noticed by advertisement that the newly formed Owl Club will make their first appearauce in the St. Leonards Institute on Thurs day evening, when they will submit a carefully selected programme, comprising songs, jokes, negro eccentricities, and banjo solos. It is also notified that, should sufficient inducement offer, a 'bus will leave the Club Hotel at 7 o'clcck. Persons desirous of obtaining tickets for the return journey, including admission to the entertainment, can get them from the hon. conductor, Mr A. J. Scott, up to 6 p.m. to-morrow. 'The Presbyteriax Monthly Mes senger.' — We have received from the publishers, Messrs. Fergusson aud Mitchell, of Melbourne, a copy of the Presbyterian Monthly and Messenger of the churches of Australia and Tasmania for May. This monthly messenger is very ably conducted, and deals with a large variety of religious and local matters in teresting to all denominations. The leader is on the question — Does Prohibi tion Prohibit ? This number contains a lecture delivered by the Rev. J. F. Ewing on the 25th April, under the auspices of the Ormond College Theo logical Society, on 'Certain Tendencies in the present day which are helpful to Theological Thought.'1 Wanton Mischief.— It ha3 been the practice among a r.u-abar of foot pas sengers in and around Invermay to pass through some property owned by Mr M'&enzie;, and tenanted by Mr B. Doyle. Two or three persons, however, possessed of more mischief than good sense, so far abused the privilege that oil Saturday ui^ht they worried with some dogs 26 sheep belonging to the tenaut. This is what might be described as too much of a good thing, and Mr Doyle has deter mined to put a stop to proceedings of that description. An advertisement warning trespassers off the property appears elsewhere. Messrs. Dempster and Pearce advertise else where a large and varied assortment of fur nishing requisites. Mr Alexander Ross notifies that he has taken the premises lately occupied by Mr Brown, and known as the Sandhill store. A meeting of tho Iri-h Club will take place to-morrow evening, at the Cornwall Hotel, at S o'clock. A bazaar in aid of a much needed church at Brothers' Home will he held in the loeal assem bly room on llie 24th, 25th, and 2iith inst. St. Joseph's Band Private Quadrille Assem bly will hold its usual dance on Thursday evening. ABoos to Dyspeptics. — Pancreatic Tabloids (Fairchild)— Speedily relievo the rructatioas, r. .usea, violent retchiugs, vomiting, abdominal te derness, and griping pains that accompany diL-e»tive derangements. Full directions with e ich bottle of 25 or 1 1'\ ?Soott s Emulsion of Pube Cod Liver Oil \v:ti Uvi'Ol'HOSPHiTKS is the most valuable Jene-dy fur Consumptim, Scrofula, General Debility, Wasting Diseases of Children, Chronic Coughs, and Bronchitis, that has ever been produced. It is very palatable ; it is very fattening and strengthening. It will ease at once the most violent cougb, and will give both comfort and strength to the- sulferer. It possesses the combined virtues of tlie-e popular remedies in their fullest form. Any chemist can supply itat5s.— L. Faikthorne and Son, Agents. Hop Bitters givej good digestion, act.i\e liver, good circulation, and buoyant epirits. Get the only genuine American Co.'s. Read 