THE GOLDEN HOPE.* A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dream that w»9 not all a dream.’ Bt TV. Clark Russell. Chapter XX.—A Fok’sle Discussion. ineynauno sooner letc tne cabin than a head with a grimy pale face on it and disor dered hair and reddish eyelashes popped oat of a spare bunk on the port aide, and after taking a quick glance around, was followed by the body and legs of Johnny, the ‘boy.' This yonth was about seventeen years old, Btupid, but willing, and he was useful as one of the ship's company, because though he hardly knew howto make a long splice, he could help to roll up a sail, and was a very good servant for the cabin, besides being ser vicesble as a sort of cook's mate. He had * all night in' because ha was kept at work all day, hut feeling tired after breakfast and guessing he would not be missed for a quarter of an hour or so, he had sneaked into the spare cabin bunk, that was in reality a hole in tbe side, such as you see in smacks, with the intention of merely resting his limbs, bat had fallen fast asleep. He was awakened by the entrance of Mr. Fortescue and the two men; when, realising his situa tion, and the rope’s-ending that might follow hia detection, he lay breathless, |j3. tening to all that was said. When the mate left the cabin and Hiram entered his berth, Johnny tumbled ont of his bunk and went to see after the cabin dinner. The cook was a man named Micky Anson, a fat ignorant person irritable like mo3t sea cooks. His temper aboard the Golden Hope had not been improved by the smallness of the galley, tbe want of elbow-room, and the wild and lively motion of tbe schooner during the bad weather, when on one occasion he had been washed ont of the caboose by a set, and when he had been several times scalded by capsized saucepans. Whether, but for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what he had heard in .the cabin, cannot be imagined; baton being angrily assailed by Anson for ' loafing’ and neglecting to do his ‘ bit’ and the like the lad said, ' Micky a’elp me as I stand, I'd been here if it warn't for a ghost story. I heard it in the cabin. I’d laid down in the spare bank, an' I fell asleep and was woke up bv the ole man and the mate and the parson cornin’below; the parson be tarned to and give ’em a yarn about a gboBt. Micky, s'elp me. it war enoagh to make a man’s hair feel sb if it war stiff with fat. He war a long while yarnin', and then they cleared ont and aft I come ’ So saying, he seized hold of some plates that were to he cleaned and began to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pail full of water. 1 Ah,’ cried the cook, 1 of coarse yon was lavin' down. Yon're always a lavin' down. It’s gutter jumpers arter your pattern as are makin’ sailors the laughing-stock of the world. Good mind to round on ye to the ole man,’ he exclaimed, opening the oven door to scowl at a meat pie. ' It's yonr thick skin what makes you insensible to nantical feelings, and you’ll never feel like a seafaring man tilt that there skin has been thinned by a course of ridin’ down. Ghosts! If there was a'er a thing of tbs kind in this Bchooner. damme if I wouldn't be at the cost of making him a preeent of the sharpest fork on that shelf there on the understandin' that he hann’ed ye about with it and kept all on jabbing of yon till I told him to ' Micky,’ cried the lad, who was now red in the face with the exertions he was pntting into hia task of cleaning and rnbbing, ‘ s'elp me if the parson’s yarn warn’t enough to make me wish I was home agin. Why, this woyoge ain’t a woyage at all. We’re sailing in Bearch of a ghost; ye shonld have heard tne mate grant when he was told it, and th' ole man kep on saying, ‘ Well, thia is a start ? This do beat my time!' and when the parson was gone the ekipper asks the j mate what he thinks, and the mate he says it mnst be all trne ‘cos tbe parson's too pions to tell a lie.’ ‘ What’s all true? What are yon jawin’ abontj Who's gain* to hear you whilst von makes that bloomin’ noise!' cried the cook, whose cariosity was cow excited. 'What's all true! Why, what the parson told the skipper and the mate,' replied Johnny. ' He says there’s a female ghost situat'd o“. ur. irdz-.d It*, th- lfi-.di-.- OtAan ?sblljb*d by valal a.U ILd author. and thia voyage ia to fetch her,’ The cook ; nourished a fryingpan, whilst Johnny, cower* 1 rag and dodging behind hia uplifted atm, roared out, *S’elp me the Lord, it'a true, Micky. The ghost came to the paraon and says, ' I’m on the island what Mr. Stone’s got the calculations of,’ and she writ down a likeness of the island, and pretended that the paraon had done it; and then the parson he sees the drawin’ and likewise the ghost a stretchin’ out of her arma to him, and so he makes np hia mind to go and fetch her, aud here we are a*going I’ The cook looked attentively at the lad, and knowing him to be too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such a story na this, exclaimed, * Jnst say that over agin, will yer?' The youth did so. ' Ye mean to 9ay that the parson told the cap’n and mate that a female ghost wrote down the likeness of an island, and iuformed him that she was on it, and that this voyage was meant to fetch her?’ said the cook, knitting his brows and looking at Johnny with an expression in hia eyes that caused the lad to respond with astonish ing rapidity, ' Ay, Micky, and if it ain’t true, may I-’ And he hoped that all sorts of fearful physical afflictions would smite him. * Well,’ said the cook, beginning to bustle about afresh, hut in rather an abstracted manner, * if the parson’s motive bo what yon say it is, then this here’s a woyage I for one never signed articles for. Bat aft with yer now; get the cloth laid,’and he made as if he woald lift his foot, on which the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and] heartier and better seamen than they are in j these, it must be owned that they were also j more ignorant. Not ignorant in the sense of 1 ‘ laming,’ as they termed it, for as many could read and write then as can read and write now, but in respect to sea superstitions In onr age the prosaic mechanical spirit of the engine room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the furnaces of the steamers most of the marine spectres and beliefs have been burned up never to apnear again. But in the age of the Golden Hope, Friday was still an unlucky day ; a master would riek his ■pars to pick up a cat that had fallen over board; the Fin, as a native of Russian Fin land was termed, was a magician in the eyes of many sailors ; and though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on the whole with incredulity, scores of superstitions much more ab*urd and ranch less poetical prevailed in *hips’ forecastles and Twepn decks where Jack swnng his hammock. The cook having obtained from Johnny a most oerverred ver* sion of the narrative Mr. Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very natu rally procured its conveyance forward in a manner that was formerly observable in Bea* cooks—as thus: It being the captain’s watch on deck, and consequently William Breeches's watch below, for William was in the mate’s watch, Breeches came to the galley for a light for his ’ W ilham,’ says the cook, * what was in your head, mate, when you signed articles for this her* woyage ?’ Breeches surveys him leisurely, and answer*, 1 Seventy bob a month Micky.1 * Ay/ Bays the conk, * that’s right enough ; but what was the destination given ye?’ 1 Why,* said Breeches leaning in the door wav, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doing, 1 a hisland in the Indian Ocean, warn’t it? I’ve signed on for a good many worage3 in mv time, but somehow I’ve never caught myself taking notice of where we're bound till we gets there.’ * What d'ye aar,’ exclaims the cook, * of the paraon haying this here schooner to fetch a 2hoat- off the island we’re bound to?’ ' i lit out,* said Breeches. ' Well,’ says the cook, *it’8 Johnny’s yarn / and here he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth’s version of course, and embellishing it with several original tonches. ‘If it’s true it's blazing queer,* gays Breeches. * Ah,’ says the cook, ’ and the more you think of it, the likelier it ia. What does a parson want to sail to a hisland in the Indian Ocean for, that’s got no name, eh? Just n«k yourself that, William. It ain’t for traffick ing ; there’s no barterin' Thames ballast, anyways ; no fear of its beine for slaving and the likes of that. Parsons are all very well; but it’s sartio their dealings is with what y» can’t see; and if there’s to be anything what may be called spesritool like mucked uo in this woyage unbeknown to us and not down in the artfcles, I, for one, shall want to know what the ^apt'n has to say upon it * Well, of course, language of this kind ended in making the two fellows look at each other with faces as long as 1 a wet hammock,* to use the language of the «e%; and when Breeches had smoked his pipe out and de scended into the forecastle, it was not to * turn in,' but to repeat what he had heard to Martin Goldsmith and Henry Sawyer, who eat on their cheste mending their clothes, the remaining man of the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in his bunk and loudly snoring there. It was the custom of the watches to get supper together, and shortly before four bells (G o’clock) the men having finished the meal were on the forecastle ; for the evening was beautiful, the wind warm, and the sun de scending in such splendour that you would have thought yourself in parallels higher than the Shetlands to have seen the bright flames pushing out of the hazy crimson vortex and the lines of ribbed clouds robed in gold and orange and pink and scarlet, with the sky a most delicate dim green between them, and the sea coming with a bright copperglare upon it out of the west, and sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the east. There never was a more peaceful picture than the schooner made at that hour. Steeped in the tlowing western glory the full bosoms of her canvas were tinged with orange, while in the concavities which faced the east, whence the wind was blowing os though the fevered breath of the African desert were mingled in rhe freshness and sweetness it gathered frocn th« ocean in its flight—in those concavities the shadows lay like the bine dusk of evening, thus famishing an exquisite contrast to an eye bo situated as to embrace both the con vexities and hollows of the aails. There nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr Forte*cue and Hiram were drinking tea on deck, Stone was below. In the bows were the crew, sitting on the windlass end or l-aning against the weather rail, the cook and Johnny in the midst of them, appirently yarning or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, arguing, when he cast his glance forward, but speaking low, with askant looks aft. It w-is the first dog-watch, and they had the second yet to go through before they settled down to night duty or repose. The whole length of the schooner wag between Weeks and his men ; but if this were not enough so to subdue the voices of the crew as to render their words in audible aft, there was the swinging of canvas aloft as the Golden Hope rolled, the sounds of water disturbed and moving over the Bide, small straining and chaffing noises, and besides, Captain Hiram conversed with Mr i Fortescue, though no reference was made between them to what had passed in tho It was otherwise on the forecastle, where the account that had been given to the cook by Johnny was being gravely discussed. * Matea.’ said Breechea, feeling in hi* trousers pockets for a pipe, ’whUssems to me the queerest part of this job is that if that there Johnuy’s yarn is true, it’s plain that the capt'n and the mate didn’t know any more nor ua what was the motive of this woyage.’ 'That’s what strikes me as the rummiest part, too,’ said Tim Duck, a saucy- lookiog, somewhat merry-faced seaman of thirty. *The parson evidently got to windward of the old man afore sailing, and now we’re a fort* night out, and, the truths told, tho skipper don’' know what to do.’ * If he wants adwisin' I’m game for one/ remarked the cook. ’Who»ays he dunno what to do?’ asked Martin Goldsmith. 4 Ho don’t look much disturbed. I allow hia face couldn’t be much 1 longer than it is, but it there’s any hinward c*p*jz-il in a man ye’re not going to see him smiling and appearing heasy like Hiram' thero^ as if he’d got the young woman he’s a courting on his knee.’ . 1 De-Bay it’s mere acting,’ said young Joe Hall. ‘ There’s too many skippers knockin’ about ashore, bullies, for Hiram to turn to and say he warn’t goin’ to sail the schooner to a haunted island.’ 'Johnny/ eaid Breeches in a severe voice, ' d|ye mean to say that the parson told the skipper and Bill that there wa* a ghost on an island in the Indian Ocean, and that we wa* bound oat to fetch it? Just think. You’rt* more’n half a fool recollect, and afore you jumps down m* throat with a screeching '* Yes !*’ just overhaul what mind you've got, and nee if you ain't mistook.* * Fool or no fool,' answered the boy, ' I’ll tell yer, if you was to hold me over the rail and say ye’d let go if I answered yea to what you've asked, I’d asy yes. D'ye think I can’t hear? S’elp me, as I’m Bitting, what the parson said w*b a ghostwrote down a hinland for him—a female ghoat—and eay* *he was on it, and *he opened her arms to the par*o*». and the par*nn he make* up hi** nr.inrt to go hoi. Aii wo >»ta i» kvU 1 ; only that ueitfcsr. The ghost made the >arson Bee the ship blazing up in the Indian Jcean, him being in England. And the ikipper, he talked of a ghoat as come to a ihip’a wheel and made a chap there fetch a Bible, and next day he drops down dead, l’here was nothen I didn’t hear, fool or no Fool, William.’ ' Well,’ said Henry Sawyer, with an un easy glance alt at the clergyman and a kind of writhe on the hatch he was sitting on, 'if Johnny ain’t blundering, the look-out of this woyage 19 the oncorafortaMest a re spectable sailor could sign for. Why, slaving 'ud be better than ghost-hunting, damme.’ ' What’s a ghoat like?’ said the cook. 1 Anybody ever see a ghost V 'Did the parson tell the capt’n what the ghost was like?’ inquired Goldsmith. ’No,’ answered Johnny. 'It wor some thing ns put its arm out.’ ' Well,’ eaid Duck, ' that’s what ghosts do. I’ve seen ’em represented in the theayter. They cornea up out of the holes under the stage, and points and talka with their arm*. They never speaks. There's no good in sayin’, na Sam did, there ain’t no ghosts : ’cause if they’d never been wisible, how conld they be drawee!, and how could play-hactors dress up like 'em V * What I said was that no man ever yet see a ghost,’ exclaimed Sam Wilks, an ordinary seaman. ' A ghost’s a man’s soul, and my father believed that when souls was liberated j they got bio wed about till they brought up, ! but no man ever saw a soul. Why, if it was 1 something pe could look at, every time a chap died you'd Bee his soul flying away.’ ‘Tell yer what it is, mates,* said Gold smith. ^ ' You may say it ought to be middlin’ warm in these parts, but it's blasted cold to my notion.' * Light a pipe,' said Duck. ’Jimmy,’ said Breeches, meaning Kitts, who was at the helm, * told me this after noon that he was shipmates with a man who knew a sailor that had murdered a young person he was keepin’ company with. He hid the body, and sailed away; but the girl went with him. If he jumped aloft she was on the foretop alongside of him. If he took the wheel, she’d be holding the Jee spokes. If he looked over the side he’d aee her in the water. When he came home she stepped on to the quay with him, and Jimmy said that his mate told him that when the man stepped over the side the young person made him take a coach and go down to where her body was, and dig it up and Icok at it, which he did, and then she made him take the coach back again and go to ;be police and tell ’em he had murdered her.’ j 'Conscience is the name of that thare I ghost,' said Duck. * Conscience be blowed !* cried Breeches. ' Mean to tell me a man as can murder a | young woman's got any conscience ?' ' Look here/ Paid the cook, 1 what !’m thinking of is this—what’a this here woy»ge< about?' There wa3 a short Bilerce. 1 Whether/ continued the cook, ' ghost! is to be believed in or to bo denied of, I don’t mean to take a band in searching after them. If Johnny here ain't a liar, that parson there’s gone and bought this hooker 'epres-ly to find out a hisland on which something that came to him when he wag a*bed said it lived. I for one did not sign for a job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought to speak to the captain, and lam from the captain hisself whnt his motives are.’ At this moment Stone, who had been eating hi* supper in the cabin—the last meal on board ship ia always called supper, j though ashore it would be called tea—came on deck and took a turner two along the gangway, first casting a glance aloft, then running his eye round the sea till he came to the sinking sun that was then a truly glorious spectacle of flame and colony inso much that the mere reflection of it in the sea yielded a score of shining and exquisite ; tintsfrom the burning red on the horizon to the delicate amber that came sifting through the water to the schooner’s side, where it died oat and left the sea on the port bean a rich violet. This the old sailor stood gaz:ng at for Boraft moments with the sort of reverence in his face that the grandeurs end beauties of nature excite in plain and sitrple minds, after which hi3 eye was taken by the crew talking together on the forecastle. It was immediately evident to him that they had got under weigh with 3ome topic of more than n*nal interest, and observing that they all looked toxvard9 him as if they had a mind to speak, he quietly walked forward with a narele** glance at the foretop3aii, as if his idea was to see that all was right that way, until he came to the windla«s-end, where he stood lightly looking round him. ' Mr. Stone/ suddenly exclaimed the cook, j * could you tell us what this here woyage ' Undertaken for !’ answered’Stone, startbd by the abruptness of the question, and also at a law-*, instantly noticed by the men, who exchanged glances. ' Why, why, d’ye mean j r.n say you don’t remember what you signed ! for?’ ‘ Yes/ replied the cook ; ' I signed for the | woyage from the port of London to a hisland \ in the Indian Ocean and back. We was to go out and return in ballast, and I understood j it wur to be a sett cf pleasure cruise, a kinder 1 yachting job/ •That’s it, Micky/ exclaimed Goldsmith, who of all the men had apparently been ren dered the mo3t uncomfortable by Johnny's ‘ Well/ cried Stone, * and who’s said It ain’t to be a aor: of pleasure cruiae, a kinder yachtin’ job as you call it, eh? What d’ye suppose the object is—piracy ? IE that were it you may reckon we’d need more muscle than what's to be got out o’ the likes of that suet/ pointing to the fat arms of the ' Tell ye what it is, Mr. Stone/ said Breeches. * We’ve larnt that there’B some thing soopernat’ral, as the Bayin' is, in the parson’s intentions, and though I don’t believe in ghosts myself, I’m not agoing to help in any job I can’t see daylight through.’ ' Ghosts?’ cried old Stone ; * what are you talking about ? Who’s been a jawing toyou about ghosts V * Callin’ name9 and iu3altingof people ain’t answering questions/ said the cook viciously. ' Will you plea3e tell us what this ere wo)age is undertaken for ?’ The men again noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap’s face. HegDnced aft, and observing that Mr. For rescue had Mt the deck, motioned to Hiram, who way watching the crew as though he had now guessed that something more than mere ' yarning’ was keeping the fellows together. As the captain walked forward in strides us long us a tragedian’s, the eye would have been taken by the lovely eea piece of that moment, the airy splendour in the west, the velvet-like blue in the east, the ocean line going round in a soft sweep of indigo till it met the dying glory where it was reflected, the sails of the schooner standing brilliant as white plumage against the pure windward dusk, the little crowd of men forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black shrouds and snow hke cloths, to the golden shining; and the sand-coloured deck aft tenanted by a solitary figure at the tiller. * What’s the matter?' said Hiram. * Why/ responded Stone, ' here’s Bill Breeches askin' if there ain’t something sooperoatnral in this woyage ; talkin’ about ghosts and the likes of such stuff ; and here’s Micky Anson inquirin’ what it 13 he signed for ?' ' I know what I sigued for, capt’n/ answered the cook, * and I likewise know what I didn’t 1 Look here/ interrupted Hiram ; * what's the matter? That’s what I want to know/ * Well, l‘ll yer what's the matter/ re-ponded Breeches; ‘you an’ the parson an’ Mr Stone here had a private conversation in the cabin at noon.’ * Wall 1’ thundered Hiram. ‘ Well/ continued Breeches, easing down hi* defiant manner a bit, in the teeth of the skipper’s resolute frowniug stare, * we onder staud that the parson gave you a varsion of his reason in buytn* this wessel and sailing of her to the Hindie Ocean that was as unbeknown to you and Mr. Stone as it was * Wei’. !' shouted Hiram. 1 W«-H/ proceeded Breechea, ' what we are informed ia that a ghost appeared to the parson and wrote down a hisland and said she was upon it, and she begged of him to come hy bopening her arms out to him, and •hat's why he bought the schooner. I t*-11 yer.’ said the man, waxing defiant again and seeking encouragement in the looks of the rnen around him, ‘that I don’t believe in ghosts; I don't know no?hen about ’em, and don’t want to; but we’re agreed that parsorn are people as may get hold o' notions which plam sailors would rather not help 'em to carry out, d’ye see, capt’n, and if eo Hiram and Stone had been staring at each other. The former at this point yelled out: * Who told you that we had a private con versation in the cabin ?’ The cook said, * Johuny.’ Hiram stretched forth hi9 long arm and collared the youth with fingers like steel h oka ’ How did yer know we had a private conversation in the cabin ?’ he roared. The lad's knees knocked each other a« he replied : ‘ l w.jq a bit tired and l tamed into •he bank, au’ when you an’ the parson cu the mate come down, I—I lay still—not chooain—bein’ afeard—hi!' hill’ It was bound to come, aud for a loiig minute Johnny wag cutting wild capers to, and raising bois terous shouts over, a regular downright old fashioued ropes-ending ail of the olden time. The crew accepting this as a matter of course, waited with impatience for Hiram to recover bis breath. The first words he paid ’ Breeches, you’re on old fool.’ ’V/bofc d’ye call me that for?’ cried the 'Out of politeness, you old scaramouch. Why, if I was to give ye all the names you deserve, you’d have more titles than the Emperor of Chaney. To think of a man of your nge talkin’ about ghosts? Why, what do you call yourself ? A min 1’ ‘What’* this here woyage about?’ de manded the cook, 'About!1 exclaimed Hiram, with extra ordinary seem, ' about ’ Think of a cook— a cjok—asking nautical questions end ex ceeding answers ! Look here, my lads, and l»t Breeches and Micky listen to me. The Wenilam was a Heast Indieman ; she wag burnt in the Hindian Ocean ; there was tv lady aboard of her as Mr. Fortescue was to marry. He dreamt that the weasel was burnt, and that the lady who was in one of the boatg reached an island that Mr. Stone here was c«3t away upon. He disbelieved his dream till he heard that the ship had been burnt; nnd then when he comes to lam that the island be dreamt about was a real place and that Stone knew it, hesays to himself, " Thi3 here wiBion may have come from Heaven. Who knows since what I dreamt was true that the Hdy I *«*e in my dream upon this inland mayn’thactually be there? I love her; she was to have been my wife; I’ll gpend what money I’ve got in a schooner ana sail to this here island, and I’ll trust to Almighty God, if so be rny dream's correct, that we flha’n’t bel'toolate to preserve her life.” My lads, what’s onr«*asonable in this?’ Thecrinson gloom that was now upon the sea and shy was a pood light to study the faces of th* men in a* they listened to Hiram for it deepened every line nnd added another shade to the bronze on the cheek, though it had its mellcwing influence, too, specially noticeable in o*.d Stone’s face, whose earnest ness was softened into pathos by it. ’ There are husbands among ye, I daresay,* continued Hiram, 1 and some I doubt not has sweethearts ; besides, ye’re all English ; ay* even Micky Anson's English, and if there’® any man here as considers Mr. Fortescue’s de tarmination te see if the end of his drearr. ain’t as true a3 the beginning proved to be—if there’s any man here as can see anything soopernatnral and notonderstandable in the gent’s seekin’ of his love, where he believes her to be cast away, then all I can say is, he must be the onnaturalist character and the worst scowbanker as ever signed articles fora lovely ship and a beautiful woyage.’ Thu3 speaking he ran his eyes over the men with a challenge stare at each. ’ Then ye mean to say,’ observed Breeches, * that what Johnny took and brought for ward’s a lie !’ ' Yes—a lie a* big as he is ; a lie as big aa yon and him and the cook is,* cried Stone. * What’s your idea of the clergyman’s hintel lict that you ehould suppose he’s capable of coin’ a ghost huntin’ ? D’ye suppose that an educated man like him, a man that Sunday nfc-r Sunday teaches folks with ten times nore brains than you, thinks that they don’t know nothen about—d’ye imagine he’s to bo set right b>* the likes of yon ?’ 1 Th*re was nothing mentioned about our feekin’ the island for the purpose of takin* the parson's young woman off it/ exclaimed Juck ;/there was nothing said about it in the article e. (TO ek coxttnthd.) 