Table Talk. Sly to Imdy Looh'a vory naturnl quoation—why SmUca aoouro all tho prizes o£ tlvo ShakoBpoaro It—I'rofoaaor Morrla returned tho pertinent jdlocnuso thoy boat tho boya. Mr. J. 0, on vory Konoroualy preaontod tho Sooloty with jhopurohnao of prizes, and thoy wore dlatvlbutod *9!—Miss Hillth Wolfe, flrat prlzo, £10 j Mh« (liiiuloll, iiooond prize, £15 ; Mlaa .fanot Mackayi pat, and Mlaa h'loronao Oampboll, prlzoa of £!• miulor l!5—Mini M, Uowdon, of Kllmoro, flrat Mhw Kthel Marao, a prize of £1. Four of limit Itullu.i are puplla of Mr. J, R. Oorr, Holatoln gfiouth Vurru, It would havo boon Intoroatlng fliow many oaniUclatoa aompotod for tho prlzou I'realdont illcl not oontildor It noooiiaary to er thin Information, I fancy that If tho Society Jlitulto no oxolmilvo In their mothod of advor jgh«ro would bo more oonvputltlcm, and tho glrla Tjollmvo It all tliotr own way. ■now or auothor tho Melbourne ShnkuHpcavo Idooii not thrlvu ivit It ought to do, Homo light in upon tho otumint ot Ita Htagnanoy—ov huh Innlmnllon mi n morning contemporary putw It lo list ot pupovn road at tho mootlnga during tho ll»o months, lloro are is fuw of thorn Wish hooto n oiutomii-houiiu ollloor," V»y Mr, David |Uh tlm Muruhiuif of Vim loo a oomody I" hy T>Xn») 11 I'lujar'ti woundn," by Dr. Nolld, Mr, |hislr ivud l)r, Nultd arc ovltlon of ontablliihod ro i niul Mr, Dougim U looked upon t>y bin follow 'inn "Hhnkottpouriiuv Hoholar." Tlio (piuntlon, nntunvUy nrliiun If thono isro tho papuw oon> |l lo tlm ttisnsuotlomi of tho Hooloty by thruu of I(ll»l(n(j«tnhiitl iitoiuhorn, to what duptlui of liu« jiloiho oontrlhutloiiH of tho uooly ton dotioond, 1 Hint thuru wui n tlmo In tho hlntory of tho 'tliiKo whim Hhyloolc wan playod by tho low hnwUh u rml uhook wig and a Hrobdlguaglan |'M« I hut thoru wan oluo n tlmo whon linger m thu jhumi of Hoonory—both worn ohuoloto—1 1 h l)oi>ynu'( grandfather wait horn, Mr, lllnlr'n TJW ')u tl,lto la kuoplng with a nymptmlum , wl>n«k I— |H 81»mulatUm on Oiosav'n woundu would bo "1 to * olium of musical Htudontn—both two quito foreign to tlio true purposes of n Shakespeare Sooloty. The study of fcho groat dramatist must bo approaahad with rovoronaa, and not with tho object of airing potty solf-lmportanoo and puorllo fads, Titxmia Is always a danger of suoh an association dogonoratlng Into a mora mutual admiration society ) but tlio trlbuto paid by Professor Morris to Mr, A. S, Way In his annual address on Saturday was as woll dosorvod as It was slnooro. Mr, Way Is a truo pooti and his translation of Homor, so far as It has gonoi takos rank with tho best that has gona boforo, I do not agroa with Mr, Morris that it Is bottor than Lord Dorby's translation, but it is as good, and oortalnly bottor than all tho rost, * * Pitovumson Pearson'a uso in tlio Oablnot has long boon1 an opon question | but it was finally solved by tho! honorable gontioraan hlmsolf at Tornng on Saturday laut, Tho poaltlon o£ Minister of Hduoatlon is purely an honorable one j Mr, Poarson's real duty is to aot as Trumpotor-Clonoral for his oolloaguos in tho Ministry, According to tho hon, raombor for tho Kast Bourko boroughs, Mr, CI lilies la a kind of mlition ihhimeot Adiuirablo Orlohton | and Mr. Wrlxon Is a walking ! embodiment of Oolcu upon Lyttloton, Mr, Lorlraor is another Abraham Lincoln as a military organiser, and Mr, Nlmmo possesses all tho comprehensive grasp of a Lcssops, added to his own natural shrewdness, Mr, Low has been entrusted by Divine Provldonoo with a beneficial mission to fertilise tho arid plains of the north, no when they aro tloktod with a hoe, they shal laugh with a harvest | white Messrs, Walker and Durham are only waiting for an opportunity to in. sorlbu their hands on tho deathless suroll of fame, llut It Is for Mr. Doulcln that Professor Pearson re> served Ids eholeest superlatlvuu, whluh 1 shall not run the risk of spoiling by attempting to paraphrase, Thu hon, gentleman exclaimed in a fine burst of generous uhspiuiiou that " the country could not bo bettor repro. sontod than by a gentleman of tho versatility, thu oloipumoo, the genius, and the enthusiasm of Mr, Dualcln." Well, the country wan certainly not hotter represented wlum tho Horry-Pearson embassy was In London, so the Professor may make his lultul per. footly easy on that score. The Trustees and Instructors of the National Gallery have good reason to be proud of the Students' Exhibition this year. The average merit of the work Is very high, and there is some of it worthy of a place on the walls of any picture gallery in Europe. The influence of Mr. McCubbin is especially apparent in the quality of the drawings, all of which are from models, either living or plaster. The most noticeable in a tolerably large collection are those of Mr. Altson, who gives every promise of developing into an artist of great ability. Among the other more meritorious students of drawing may be mentioned the Misses Wedell (2), Collls, Baskerville, Thomas, Hoyle, and Messrs, Streeton, Davies, and Cherry. Of course, the pioturo of the year is Mr, Longs tuffs BronUlng tho Nows, n grnphla story of n fatal mining naoldont, whioh one ann tnko in nt a glnnoo, This vivid Btudy at onoo stamps tho artist as a gonitis, and fairly wins for him tho gold modal and travailing scholarship, This and two othor small ploturos.by Mr, Longstnfl! woro sold nt onoo, * * « Among othor pioturoa wliloh will ropay Inspootion nro tho unilnlshod studios by tho Into Mr, Julian Glbbsj A Dismissal, and two sonsonpos by Miss Lona Ddoson | Dlvldod Attention, by Mr, Colquhoun j Joalousy, by Mr, Tuolcor ) Porsunslon, by Miss J, Rao | and Fond Momorlos, by Miss Walker, Turn rnnuy frlonda o£ Mv, A, Altaon, tho rlalng young nrtlat, whoao work in now boiug exhibited ut tho Studonta' IQxhlbltlon, nt tho Nntlonnl Gnllovy, hna boon tho thomo of auoh warm prnlao, both from tho Judgoa nttcl nlao tlio gonorul public, inuat fool phmitod unci grntlllud ut tho huooohu which hua nttondod Ida ull'orta during thu tlmo ho hua boon u utuclunt ut our National Holtool of fainting, Mr. Altaon la u nophuw of Mr« Duvld Altaon, tho huud of tho woll known llrm of thufc nuiiui, in Molbourno, and u brothor of Mr. II, It, Altaon of Oolllnit Htroot, llu lit hi yen wool ago, unci won born In Mlddluhttrgh, Ybrkahlro, 'lQnglnnd. Ilia brothor, Mr, 1), II, Altaon, being on u vUlt In Mnglnnd ubout fouryoitVg ago, duoldocl that Mr, A, Altitun, thon.u lml of lb, nhouUl roturn wlllt hint to aook hlit fortuno utulor our rtunny uklon, unil accordingly ho luiooinpnnlod hla hrothur upon Ida roturn to Vkitorlu In tho "John Klldur," In IHHIb During tho voyngo ho gavo ovhlonou of hla ublllty no nn nrtlat, by vurloua alcutohua, pourtrnylng Inohlonta of the jottrnoy, nil of witloit tthowud nlgna of Intunt tulont, Upon arrival In Molbourno, ho obtained employment in the large tannery belonging to his uncle's firm ) but his friends, seeing that bis talents lay in another dlreotion, wisely determined to let him study under Mr, Foilngaby, at the National Gallery, nnd the progress he has made shows that they noted wisely In so, doing,. His work In tho prosent exhibition, "Fisher Boy,'» u Still Life," nnd " Study of a Head," has gained him a " bracketed" awnrd from the judges, Messrs. George 0, Gordon, Thomas Oarrlngton, and James Smith, and' also a speelnl awnrd from these gentlemen themselves In recognition, as they state in their report to the trustees of the National Gnllory, of the admirable work in his drawings and tho great promise in his oil paint ings. Those are encouraging words^from suoh a sourcei and will, I hope, Incite Mr. Altson to work hnrder still, so as to show signs of greater progress oyory year j and I can assure him that his future will be watohed by many In Melbourne, who regard him as a most promising pupil of the future great Australian sahool', I hope that ho may moot' with ovary success in the nrtlstio oareor he has chosen, ' Few people are aware that tho Pope and Hor Maj esty tho Queen are personally acquainted,. They first mat a't Brussels, when Peeoi was Nunalo, find at a great banquet given by the King In honour of his Royal visitor, Peool, as the doyen of tho Corps Diplo matiquO) sat by her side and entered Into a long and animated conversation with her. Later on Cardinal Peool went to London and thero had an audlenoo of tho Quoon. Tho Pope often speaks of these interviews, and it is aertainly tho only instance of suoh a meeting slnoe tho Reformation, I hkquet to learn that tho harmonious rolations' •proviously oxlstlng botwoon Mr, Otcorgo Coppln, M,L,A, and Mr, J, N, Rogers, "My Sweetheart's" husband and' manager havo become somewhat strained, It wns' at Mr. Ooppln's suggestion that Miss Minnio Palmor paid a visit to Australia j and ho was prominent In arranging a hoarty welcome for hor when she arrived in Molbourno, Sovoral parties wora given in her honor, and tho initlnl festivities aulrainatod In a grand banquot, gtvon at Mr, Ooppln's houso to tho luminaries of tho Press and Stage, But it now turns out that tharo was a Banquo at that feast in tho shapo of tho oatorer's bill, and tho trouble botwoon Mr, Ooppln and Mr, Rogers now Is—who shall lay tho ghost, or, in other words, pay tho reckoning, Doubtless, thoroworo business arrangements botwoon the two gontloraen with which outsiders havo nothing to do ) but the 'quarrel Is a vory protty ono as It stands, Now Mr, Rogers proposes to give a banquot on his own aooount, and ho proposos to Invito tho samo ladles and gontlo raon who woro entertained at Mr, Ooppln's houso, How tho mattor will ond thoro's not tho sllghtost idea, but In any oaso Mr, Rogers will soouro a now and striking advortlsomont—to lnvonb whloh Is tho most sorlous part of his busy lifo, * *. Quit*! rooontly an itp-oountry sorgonnt of polloo vory wlaoly abandoned a prosooutlon against tliu local llaao 01 ub whon ho saw two of Iho atownrda sitting on tho bonoli, ami thin jitclloloua oxamplo might, liavo boon adoptac'l with great, proprloty by tho proaooutor in an assault oaao at Cluulong the other clay. Tho defendant wau James Hull, and tho proakllng maglabrnto waa hla Worahlp tho Mayor, Jumna doll's father. Tlioro arc probably no more paohydovmatoua pooplo In tlila or any othor country than thu unpaid mughitruoy, and any language that I could uao to oxproaa my opinion of' Councillor W. Iloll'a conduct would probably roooll from hla armour ol! proof like a aword tliruat from tho platea of an Ironclad j but thoru la one way of pene trating the join la of hla harness, which ought to ho Adopted without any uuuuoeaaary delay. Tho lion, i.Mlnlatur of .1 nation intuit llnd tho time hang rather heavy on hla hauda In hla olllehd capacity, and ho might undergo tho uuwonfed exertion of appoudlng Ida signature to a letter addreaaed to hla Worahlp tho Mayor of Cleulong, without doing hlinaolf any groat harm, # * # Jo bona Saturnalia I sings Mih Julian Thoman, otherwise H Tho Vagabond," » ! have slutken the dust of tlio Argus o/Hoe from my much-travelled feat, and allied my forcos with lex beaux twjtrits of the Ape." There is no zeal so fiery as thnt.of the new made convert. Just listen to Mr. Thomas in the first article contributed to the Age after his sooession from tha Argus ;—" I think how foolish are the ' Oonserva j tives' who bewail the power of the working classes in this colony." And again If tho foolish Conserva tives only knew it, &{a.J &o.;" Mr. Thomas would have shown better taste if he "had not boon in quite such a huny to defile the n'est he thas so lately quitted. It has been a warm nest to him for many a long day. Theiuss Is a Highland song whloh olalnas that tho first words spoken by Adam to 23va wore " Oum era ghen tu," tho Clrolio equivalent for "How do you do ?" But tho patriotism of the author of this bnllad must palo Its Ineffectual fumes before tho exaltod national ism of the Hon. Minister for Lands. Mr. Nlmmo's oulogy of Burns on the occasion of unveiling the | statue of the Scottish poet at Ballarat last week, was j enough to make the " pure Carrara marble " of whlah i jt Is oomposed blush with shame, Burns possessed, aooordlng to his late blographor, " a keen, penetrating intolleot, a lively and fortllo Imagination, a poetic faaulty, with Inventive genius and descriptive 'powers that placed him on a qualitative level.with Humor, "Vergil, Dante, Shakespeare, and Milton." I suppose it did not strike Mr, Nlmmo that he was talking non sonce, but ho was. If the sonlor member for Emerald Hill had placed himself on a " qualitative lovol " with Olooro, Domosthonos, Burlco, Sheridan, and John Bright, ho could saarooly have given a moro striking exhibition of his bumptious ignorance, I have novor had tho pleasuro of hearing Mr, Nlmmo rooitc'" 'Jam O'Shantor," but I understand that ho produoos an effect whloh makos most pooplo rogrot that Burns—or Mr*, Nlmmo—had novor boon born. Tho Ayrshire ,bard was not a toototallor—far from it— and ho nevor intendod that his Baoohnnalian vorsos should bo spouted by a wator-drlnkor, How oan Mr* Nlmmo put tho nooossary llro In suoh lines ns those :— "John Barloyoorn ho foars nao ovll, " With "Usquobaugh wo'd faoo tho dovll," Or thoso !— " Kings may bo blost, but Tarn was glorious, " O'or a' tho Ills o' Ufo victorious?" Surely If Burns woro to rovlslt tho glimpses of tho moon, and hoar his Immortal stamina rocltod by Mr. Nlmmo, ho would oxclalm In tho words of a groatix man than ho, " Savo rao from my friends 1" Iv nil our voluntoors woro llko Private \V, H. lloopor o£ bho Oustorton Mounted 111 Ilea, thoro would bo llbLlu reason to lour forolgn Invasion. Mr, Hoopor was a probationary lloutonanb In his dotnohmonb, but, upon fulling to pass hlu examination, aololy boonuao hla nton did not turn out uh tlioy should, nnd gave bliu no obnnoo ot qualifying himself, lio voluntarily rualgiuid hla ooiniiilaaloii, Ho tliun took liia plnoo In tliu runtca, iuuI ut thu lutu .If ranks ton onoamptnonb thoro wum no moro hard-working mun In CJolonol Prlou's battalion. No doubt Private lloopor will onoo again don thu gold laoo, and wliou ho dooti ho will bo hold lu inioh on too in by hla mun a« fow ollloorii aro. 1 liavo ploaauro In null lng tho attontlon of CJolonol Dlsnuy to thhi oami, ONloof Mr. Fttf.glbbon'n Jublluu hukkohUoum ban ln« Hplrocl a Kontloinim roHklliiK at Toowoomlm, Quoonn luild, Wltll U Mpluildld ldoa, Wlliull ltO pl'opOHOH to OIU'l'.V forthwith Into oxooutlon. Ho ImpruHHud hi ho with fcliu oonvlotlon that tho youiifc womon of tho pruiiout day uro unlit tod by tlioli' training for tho portion of wlvott mid mothoI'M. that ho Iiiui olfoi'od two prl/uii of lUflO and to lio oompotod I'oi1 iinilor tho following oondl t loo it i—1, A|(o from 111 to 111 yourii, 15, Flipiro Htroiip, woll ki'owii, houlthy, with pood ourrliif{o, II, To bo nbhi to road .|i]ii((IIhIi woll lilotul, to wrlto a doooat lottor aooortlliiK to ({rammattoal ruloM, and porform on hoido munloul liiMfruiuont, omliiK moduriiluly wod, 4, To bo ahlu to out out and malco tliolr own drumum and uudur olothlnK I dromi to bo nuat, no artlllolal muanu (iiuult an pada, atcel hoops, high-buoled boots, s,v, allowed. 5. To ho able to cook o good prepare food for a Biok room, fl, a v ledge of all household dottos (atitl Hk^ t, her own home in after lifo). Un'"1 petition iB limited to young ladles ing Downs District. This nomenolatute o£ mining vontnrej nil Interesting chapter in ti volume dcallnj,J bling superstitions—for mining is asmnciufc pure ohnnoe, as range at noiv or chickenhu^i in Australia have been called after 5uch taJ tistes as Catherine Hayes nail RUtoii; sM statesmen like Berry and Blsmatk *, alter m®, ally wealthy foreigner like Kong Mens;; aoltilj idea has been struck by the promoters obi, Ooy who have designated thoir venture tH| This peculiar oeoleslastleal comblnatlonhiwtnJ but if it is intended to signify tho wealth olt*r;| of England and Kome, it ought certainly tib.T To mo it suggests the go-onrt, a nnmo catUa;t| given to the meanest kind of vehicle what, I 0BSERVJ3 firdra a homo paper that a tj journalism la about to bo started In David Andorsou, who la doscrlbed in^J London na " ono of the boat all round jonnvJ the press.''. Ha/o la my Ideal staff forsuchsj —odltlng Mr, Greenwood) rovlowln^, hf. L Stephen nnd Mr, Ilobort Buchanan j leilad Mr. G. A, Sain} art orltlolsm, Mr, Ruskia;iJ orltlolam, Mr. CJlomont Soottj musical criiiaj Bonttlo j forolgn oorroapondonco, Mr. BloiiuJ oorroapondenoa, Mr, Arohlbald Forbes} par^a; Mr. Lnbouohoro) doaoriptlvo reporting If:.: Andoraon ; abort-hand, Mr, Hold, If aucb s;| were to bo foundod in Molbourno I i'i: goat tho following geutlomoa to till tbedil editing, Mr, Hnddon j landor writing, Mr, ITuf art nnd drnmntlo orltlolam, Mr, James Smith ;:J orltlolam, Mr, Ivooly j reviewing, ProlciwtPal apoulnl eorroapondonoo, Mr, Ounnlngham; nil roapondonoo, Mr, Hownrd Wllloughbpj il«r| roportlng, Mr, Mnodonnld ) paragraphing, Mr.HI If nny aorroapondont would llko to modify th| I shall bo happy to publiah his suggestions. A Hamilton oorroapondont writes:-"(n«i| Ing Auatrallana who have ostatosat hor Mr, Jnmoa AuBtln, tho ownor of Clladinbai/lj and aatato. I think Mr, Jus, Austin was about thl Auatrallan, or at any rato Victorian, to bwetl ownor of one of thoso 'country liomoa1 /ofw'ldj laud la ao colobratod," Ti/tf /umoimHlou to tlio Tlirono of HoJInml wulJ nuttloil hint month, nftoi' noiiriy throo yoiuMl h| "ion, Tlio holt- to King Wttllnm HI. U Ibt Wj Wllholmlno, tlio only olillil of hU socontl who hi now in hoi' iiovonth your, 11 liiw kw» l>y tlio l)utah Olwimbai' that, fulling tliej*;N unci hoi' holrw, tho niiuouhhIoii Ih to vost In Ihlj iibitoi', tho Or/mil Dtiohoiw Sojililn Wulmor-llbioniioh j unci thon In tlio iltfjoonw' Into I'rlnoniw Murhinno of tho Notliurtath,^J miii'i'ioil to I'i'inoo frodorlolc Alboft v' I'"'®1 yotinffoi' brothor of tho florinnn Kmpewr, wlwhl 18715, Imvliiff boon (dlvorood ninny ycnw bvdvti' hiii (1(101010, who for tho lnnl. thirty your* of'"' w«h known mi tho Oountoiin von JiuHonvi. ohloiit iiou in tlio I'i'inoo lto/(ont of Ih'iiiiJwMi'1' oluinooii of t'olgnliig lit tho lingm) (Jntiul Duoho/m of Hnxo-Woliimi' low ",,,n 4' Iti'iinihionii, mill hor ohlui' ihuiKhtoi'i l'rlnww' ' to irini'rlod I'i'inoo Itoiiim, tho Uummn AA"0"' Vloniui, * * * 'fiinj Intoumtlnw iiitjior ontltlod " A ^ Vonioo," tinbiliilioil in Hnturduy'n d 11 dnutfhtot* of Mr. David iHnlr, tl»> w<" ( Joui'iiiitliit, Minn llhili', who iitumooiloil . *ilfl0,000, loft hoi' by tho Into Mi', f.nmontof i« Miiroiio. i5.mu.uuu, uiil ..m-.y to J0inoi>«. Itun luioly I'otui'iHHl ii'om u ^'l iio)«H 