Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 22. THE TRIPLE GHOST. -*+* By Alexander Montgomery. “Whit d’ye think, though, of a tnji'c ghost?" It was Jack Mirtin who put the question, •she leant over the fence of the home-paddock at Keramilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. Jaok—his local capacity of stockman to the contrary notwithstanding—was a gentleman; there could be no doubt of that. Good educa tion—good manners—good heart—but not that important something which is so tersely yclept “ ballast,"-and for lack of which—to carry the figure further—the argosy of Jaok’a existence bad snflered greivous and repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck. Bnt, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to these flighty souls to take the world more easily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, yarning’’ there, that morning, with an old blue shirt on his back and an arebaio “cabbage-tree” over his good-natured countenance, was as cheerful as if he had not been the son of an aristocratio Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high-bred young women in far-away England. If Jack was cheerful, however, his story was not, and the smile of inoredulity upon the faoes of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of the power of theborn raconteur. AU this was Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I can testify that the story made a deep impression on me at the time. It may not likewise affect yon, but at anyrate here it is. “It was six years ago,” said Martin, and just after I’d bad that cropper over the wire fence at Garmiohael’s on the?Goulburn. As I’ve told yon before, I was pretty well smashed up on that oocasion, and as soon as I could be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that astonished the doctors—who, between our selves, don’t know everything yet, and so in less than a month 1 was able to get abont again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow who had como into a bit of money while he was working with me on Carmi chael’s station. Either a Swede or a Nor. wegian he was—with Halk Bjorren for hia name. A decidedly queer fish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and so, as he and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him np and pay him a visit. I knew his place was on the coast, and I thought a spell in the Bea-air would be just the thing for me. “ Well, to out matters short, another week found me abont a hundred miles up to the northward, at' a place called—I think— Whandamo. That’s something like it, any how ; and it don’t matter much, for it was a miserable dog-hole enough — stuck in the middle of a scrub-covered fiat, bordered on one side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandbillB was the sea, and, about a mile off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a hut that looked as if it had been built from the timbers of a wreck. As in deed, perhaps it had, for there had been a good few ships driven ashore thereabouts, from time to time, and the Whandamo people had some ourions tales about the ghosts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of - oourso, I laughed—bnt not for long I “ I’m not nervous, and I’m not supersti tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. “Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifling formality of saying that I was welcome, he made me feci it, which was better. Indeed, he was a man who never said much at any time—a strange, tall, lanky, long-noeed, wide-eyed creature, who always suggested to me a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton’s Biccabocca, and who was not without a fair share of Bicca bocca’s learning either. I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I don’t know what he’d have done with himself. He didn’t seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the shore, and, as he didn’t volunteer any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. “A dreary shore it was; nothing but sand and scrub as far as the eye could reach. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire; bnt, as you may guess, I didn’t like it any the worse for that, and so for a couple of days I wandered abont, thinking of old times, and trying to fancy that if I topped the sand hills I should see the spire of Lincoln Cathe dral looming far across the fens. “ Well, I think it was the fourth night I’d been at the plaoe, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren’s gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like — but that's what everybody gushes about, so I’ll just let it alone. I will say, though, that when she was fairly up it was easy to see that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn’t shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of speculating about the moon, and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood-curdling that I started violently and dropped the gun intoapool of sea'water. Nor did I think of picking it up, for when I turned round, I saw a sight that drove everything else clean out of my head. Within abootthree hundred yards of me, and running in my direction, was a woman. A small, slight framed woman, she seemed, with long, dark clothes and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along the sand as she ran. No 1—she was a tall woman, with a white dress, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No t I said to myself a second time wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senses were leaving me—as I now saw no woman at all, but a man, within a hundred yards of me and still running on. A tall roughly-dressed man., with what appeared to be a tomahawk in his left hand—I saw bis faee distinctly—white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder as he came. “Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he - was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left hand to his right. That broke tbe spell I There was something so natural and hnman in the action that my wits came back to me in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I conldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could use it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. When! stood up with it grasped by tbe muzzle in both hands—the man was gone I”—and Jack, with true dramatic art, came here to a dead pause and began slowly to cut up tobacco. “Gone?” lacked. “Bun away again, do yon mean?”. “No, sir! Gone I—disappeared!—van ished!’’ “Gome, oome, Jaekl” I arid, laughing. II That’s the stereotyped sort of thing, yon know! Ton should nave finished things off with more originality 1” “Don’t it strike yon," said Jack, gravely, that it's just because I’m telling the truth that I haven't finished off, as you say, in a less stereotyped manner? Were I stuffing you, is ws say hereabouts, nothing would hats been easier than to give matters a more original tarn.” “ Perhaps yon bad some' hard staff ’ with you, and Baw doable?'1 said Billy Anderson, the red-nosed little oook, who was a thirsty Boat, and spoke according to his lights. “ Saw treble, yon mean 1” put in the store man, who was the wit of the station— 11 thongh that’s bat a lane insinuation.” Martin shook his head. “No boys,"ha said. “ Strange to say, I hadn't at that time tasted any liquor for over four months. If I wasn’t downright oat of my mind for about thirty seconds—for it all passed in that time —I bsw exactly what I.tell yoa, and cxaatly at I toll yoa.’ 11 Wa3 thcro nothing that oonld have con cealed the figure?" I asked. “ Nothing. Flat as the palm of your hand for half a mile on every side of me. But hear me out I” and, having lighted bis pipe, Jack hitched himself farther upon the fenea and went on— “I cannot describe to you how l felt. It seemed to mo as if the whole scene around me had suddenly turn*! unreal and ghastly. The very moon seemed to have changed into some awful thing—some fearful personality, if ycu understand me—that kept glaring downwards on me as I made the beat of my way back to the hat. “ Here I saw something that wasn’t at all calculated to steady my nerves. Bjorrcn was asleep, and apparently dreaming—some awful dream, by the look of him. His hair—very long and shaggy it was—was tossed all about tho pillow, and his face was streaming with perspiration. He kicked about, too, and straggled, and at last he cried out something that made mo start once more. ' The axe 1 ’ he said—' the tomahawk 1 My God I she's down 1 ’ I went over and shook him till be woke. * What's the matter, old man ? ’ I Baid. 1 Have yon been dreaming ? ’ He sat up, shud dering and wiping the damp from his face. * Breaming I ’ he said. ‘ Yes, thank God it was only a dream! ’ Then, when ho bad oome round a bit, he told me bis dream; and—you may believe me or not, lads, said Jack, slowly and deliberately—" but this is what he told “ He thought first, he said, that he saw far. back into the early times of the oolony, and that three persons, a man and_ two women, occupied tho very hnt we were in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that theso were the sole survivors of a shipwreck, and that the man had built the hut ont of wreckage. The man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to the younger of the two women, and thns aroused the deadly jealousy of the other, who was his wife. Ana now, as the dreamer saw them, a quarrA arose. A quarrel which grew more and more savage, until the injured wife Bnatched up a knife and attacked her rival, who roBbed soreaming ont of the hut. Across the moonlit sands she fled—after her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in tnm the faithless husband with a tomahawk.’’ “ Rapidly the second gained upon the first, and the third upon both, nntil the hunted woman was overtaken, and throw hereelf down upon her knees, screaming wildly for meroy. She did not receive it 1 The fury with the knife flnng herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength—cut her throat 1 It was the work of a moment, bat, before the murderess could rise to her feot again, tho husband arrived npon the spot, and, shifting the tomahawk from his left band to his right, he drove it fiercely into his wife’s skull. Down she went besido her victim, and lay there as motionless—and as dead—as a log. The man, too, remained aa motionless, after he had struck the blow, as if he had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that is; then ho flnng the toma hawk far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, ho lost not a moment, but, frantic with horror and remorse, climbed upon the roof, made a line fast to the rnda chimney, and hnng himself I “ Snob was Bjorren's dream,” went on Jaok, after a pause, “ and I leave you to guess what effect it bad upon me, aoming at£er what I’d seen. And what was more, lads, when morn ing came wo examined the outside of the chimney, and fonnd, euro enough, a piece of rotten old qnarter-inch made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line the murderer hanged himself with, or it might not. Yon can form yonr own opinion; all I know is that I’ve described the matter exaotly as it occurred, and that I cleared ont of the aocursed place that very day. As for Bjorren, concluded Jack, getting down off the fence to depart, “ he may bo there yet, for all I know. He was just the sort of chap to suit such ghostly work, but one each fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I oan’t bear the sight of the full This was true enough. Wa had all notioed and langhad at the peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner described ia a point which I have never— whatever you, reader, may do—been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent occurrence, however, ujduoed mo to think it possible that the whole story was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling—though wa knew it not—on the verge of insanity. Nor is this supposition invalidated by the art with which the tale was told, Binoe it is a matter of common experience that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in some particular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. ^ In the month of February '75, or about fourteen months after hearing the story I have here reproduced, Iwas on my way to the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and had got as far as Jelligap, on the Moodonald Biver. Just before dark, I was smoking my pips at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and pnlled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there was soon a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to bushrangers, and it was with some thing like disgost that the Jelligapiana learned it wae only a lnnatic the troopers were after. A 'man on Colonel Masterman’a Vanina station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of his mftnd, and, after firing twice at the overseer, had mounted his horse and taken to the bnsh. “ We’re bonndto have him before morning, though,” said one of the constables. " He was seen -taking the track to Donnelly’s Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to him.” And salt proved. About eight next morn ing the troopers rode into the township again with the Innatio—still on his own horse, but bound and bandouffed—between them. Some thing in the poor oreature'efaee struck me aa being familiar. I went closer. Good God 1 —it was Jack Martin 1 “JackI” I cried. “Jaok Martin—you know me, don’t you, old fellow ?” Heflaughed cheerfully. “Oh, yes," he said, “I know you quite well. You’re the Angel Gabriel. What have you done with yonr wings, though ? Excuse my not raising my hat, but you see"—with a glance at hil bonds—” there are serious meohanisal diffi culties in the way I” . . ■ - “ Where are you taking him ?” I asked tbs troopers. ? « Magistrate and doctors, first, sir—then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum ?” And to Brisbane Asylnm poor Jaok went; but he didn’t stay there long. Three weeks afterward* I was in Brisbane, and called to see him. “Martin?” said the clerk, turning over the leaves of the book. “ Martin, John. Ah, here it is! Admitted, 23 February; died, 27th. Four days afterwards, you see." I did eec; and saw, too, that it was better ■o. 