'Hie Trapezist's * ' Mask.' Fbox the Fbench of A. Silvestbe. She was a wonderfully handsome English woman, vritih abundant golden hair of which tint nor dye can give the match, and, as she was posed tellingly in her royal bine landau, drawn by a pair of horses more valuable than two-thirds ox the riding* animals jyafitang ner, nobody could have suspected die had been an acrobatic performer. Nevertheless (save my friend Jacques, the know-all), Mrs. Gowley (Cowley and Ijamb, iron-mill owners of Mid dlesbrough) was originally the foremost trapeze performer in all creation, to quote the pro None but those who saw her in the tights can * understand tiie cunning perfection to which intelligent training can raise the femi nine figure. Out of ancient Greek marble forms come stalking, but out of Athletics beauties of white cteel leap triumphant. There is no muscular exaggeration in the supple, strong frame, elastic after tiie utmost violence or most abrupt recoil, moving as pre cisely as an automaton. The hands seemed rather a girl's than a woman's at the ends of faultless aims. The lower limbs beat an; of the famous Diana's in ancient sculpture. Another marvel still were the shoulders of 'Miss Tigrera Bold,' rosy with amber gloss, upon which cascaded a regular waterfall of golden tresses. Qjer master was known as her ' Uncle ' Zachary Boaston, a grave, thoughtful, stiff and _ tactiturn man, always in black, like a ¥ni¥iit.i*jr and given to no weakness save a heavily fur-trimmed ulster in winter. He had, though, been the celebrated 'Franco-Dutch Jester ' in other days, and could make himself understood in nearly every city good for a pay ing house throughout the world. Hie hid picked np La Tigrera in Mexico when quite young, with nobody belonging to her within nfie range, and had fashioned her into a Champion Gymnasiarchiste, still quoting hisposters. Tne outsiders' notion of acrobats being liter ally ' licked cubs ' was shown to be stuff by Tigrera not having a scratch or blemish or dent onher body ; in fact, she ran a great deal more risk of being spout by his humoring her whims for dainties. He was only her manager and second now, never clowning on or off the stage, and would trust no one to 'send' her the trapeze to wbich'.she was to make from another 'the As tounding Transit H™n from Bar to Bar.' Hje also deigned, with an ease which amazed the -stage servants in one so quiet, to hurry up tile ponderous paraphernalia of articles wiln which she execnted her 'diverse feats of prowress and elegant strength.' Thus Uncle Zach and his so- calledjaiece ap peared, announced^jy' costly bills onthe dead walls and by real works of art in the windows ; bills only less costly than their theatre direc tors had to pay for the biggest draw in Europe. But what contributed no little to augment public curiosity around the attractive Star of Midair was a yarn that the terms of her con tract forbade her entering matrimonial bonds tai she attained her thirtieth year. She had been advertised at eighteen, 'scant,' these five years, by the way. At all events, the noble swells of London, the Jockey-clubbists of FaxiE. tiie dons, Bourse-kings, Russian princes, the Australian wool kings, retired South Sea kidnappers, Nev Zealand mutton-magnates and everybody eke, to the shop-boy in the gal lery who fancied she had looked him kind of kindly in the eye as she put up her hair co qnetfjshly and coolly on reaching her elevation — all tried their best and their worst. And she continued to answer no notes, accept no pre sents that entailed consequences, and con tinued to smile all round the circle with piti less grace. But the knowing ones guessed that Cupid was busy about so lovely a being. He piped a solo when the band was hushed like the house in that dread moment when Uncle Zachary would solemnly cry ' Go !' The little rogue in a, suit of swings, ''quiver and bow Ba lanced himself on the bars and smilingly held out his arms when he did this trick of pretend ing to mi? s her catch. There was no room for a boarding-school miss romantic longings in a person whose animalistic tendencies were cul tivated above those immortally artistic Boas ton wanted her to be content with piling np her bank account, swelling her courier's bag with jewellery to burstrjig, and enjoying the cream of fine living. She might have a team of unicorns to drive in a faithful production of Phaeton's car, but a lover— no, sir? Besides, she made such a bungle of it by fall ing in love madly, genuinely, passionately, with the last man that her guardian would have approved. tOne of his own trade, too — Tom Mavis, ' the Son of Momus,' a tall, strong, bull-necked, plain -faced down. Not a clown of the good old sort, to which Boaston had been proved to belong, and*1 was proud to recall among old circus-men, but the modern terror — the athlete who jumps higher, shouts louder, strikes the supers', harder and oftener, kicks harder, and altogether substituted force for comicality. ? ' He's got into the wrong ring,' was Sir. Boaston's criticism on him ; ' he ought to have stepped into the P.EL' t He would have been as dumbfounded to learn that !his treasure of beauty had a fancy for that burly satyr, as the ladies and gentlemen of Olympus when 'the Court Circular reported, on tile best authority, that ' an alliance had been arranged between TWJRg Venus, daughter of Oceanus, and Mr. Vulcan, proprietor of the Cyclops Ironworks.' Tigrera was so jealous of Mr. Mavis that she even exercised the full of her wits to have Un cle Zach engage him to travel round with them, under the pretext that he, Boaston, was so pretematnraUy stern and solemn that a comique would relieve the show. In fact, if Mavis had only reciprocated her setting her cap at him and not been glaringly devoted to the fair sex without any nice discrimination, he might have relieved the show indeed — and of its sole attraction. Well, as things stood thus, the World's De light came back to London. There is an accursed spot in a leading West End thoroughfare where hsjpgi^gp were com mon of yore. Every show hasbe-ai tried there, and nothing lasts long. The succession of en terprises appearing and vanishing is like a magic-lantern slide of the tempters of St. An thony. Sacred Dioramas, trained birds, the Converted Paymans, Jink's Uniforms of the Amazonian Armies, temperance drinks, &c; Lastly, the cold, damp hall was rejuvenated by tile doomed tiiousands of an African diamond dealer, and the cynosure in the constellation of popular favorites was Miss Bold. 'She fetched a crowd, anyhow,' as her manager said. The wonted hundred applauded the beaute ous human comet, shooting among the galaxy of gas-jets and Brush-lights. The men ceased smoking in admiration, while the cigarette vapor was thrilled by the voluptuous emana tions of that flowing Golden Fleece and pink, gold-broidered boots. Now, the charming acrobat -was to exhibit her strength of jaw. She gracefully let herself slide head down, her feet sinuously twined in tile side ropes, and hung from the bar, sus taining, liy a cord, a shining four^pounder. Oftun and «milinp mechanically, while await ing tile accnrately-tiiiifid clockwork in tiie breach to discharge the piece, Tigreraeurveyed the multitude around her and beneath her in verted eyes. The stillness was oppressive to all but tiie heroine of the occasion. Suddenly, in tiie grand mirror behind tiie bar of tiie first tier, inclining like tiie plate giass of a Pepper Ghost Elusion, and, hence, reflecting what took place at a lower level, tiie gymnast espied tiie stalwart Mavis on the stage, into whose babboon face, spite of its blue, enlarged mouth, eyes sdewise prolonged with black, and three-branched, wig, a young, thin and infatuate ballet girl - ready to come -on in the next item of the programme, bat with no business tiiere) was gaging -^j|--.hraI1w1- ' The traitor,' ehe gasped. Her teeth, therefore, parted, and, just as the cannon belched forth fire and thunder, with tiie wish that tiie wad woald remove Mamas' Son forever, and make the danseose a veritable corps de bally (as they say) — down the gun fell ! 'A- long outcry of norror resounded.: ' Eiery-' body rose a-tiptoe to behold tiie gory smash. On tiie edge of the -balconies tbeywere jammed ten deep. Luckily, as is pretty usual, the people directly below the net, marking the line of the trapeze flight, had retired to the sides from prudence and to have a better view. So the ordnance simply cut through the meshes like a bee through a web, and crashed into tiie floor. Oat of the gap arose a second series of screams and * many oaths, and Tigrera eaw from her perch. in this hole lit np by gas, a black figure appar ently smashed flat as a silhouette in paper. Alas ! the cannon released might have killed a dozen Mavises, and, eke, BoastonB, or even one or two diamond dealers. But the victim was a veritable phoenix, tiie ultra-wealthy and pnco' pious Mr. Cowley, whose London land investments alone outbalance the Queen's at Coutt's. The proprietor had expended a fund of scheming to get that immaculate magnate to em-r secretly that abode of glitter and gaiety. And now that hanged vriman had squelched the capitalist, all but ensnared, with her hanged cannon! Nevertheless, the incident did net get out with destructive details in the press. In fact, Boaston had been induced by the diamond mer chant to 'put it to Miss Bold straight.' If she, in person appealing, could not witch the unfortunate Mr. Cowley to forgive them his smashed toe, the Tyburnia Fantasias was doomed. Tigrera put on black, her seal mantle of in calculable price, carried her lace handkerchief (an imperial Austrian present) to her eyes, wore very little but solid jewelry, and bribed her way into Mr. Cowley's presence. She came to be seen and conquer. They were married by special license, and were soon on a continental tour. As for Tom Mavis, he inspired no feel ing but scorn and hatred. And as for Uncle Zach, he is looking around for another model of female perfection, to train up in the way it should go. 