Playing the Devil. Somebody lias been playing the devil at Mackay. This will probably not be any news to my readers who know full well that Sirrah Sam has been play ing the devil with Mackay. But he is not the pre- i sent prankish demon- doufeler whom I would indicate. .The fiend is yet incognito. To speak J plainly, some practical joker, who deserves to be practically choked, has been having <flarx" at Mackay. His game is to dress up as the devil, and frighten, the Mackay women and children. Then there is the devil to pay. And it would be capital and poetical justice to pay out this devil. His habit is to go on verandahs and knock at front doors. When the devil knocks at a person's door, it's about time to pray. When the door is opened, the devil dances a fandango in front of the scared opener. It would be meritorious to make the devil dance to some purpose. A bullet in the fleshy part adjacent to where the tail sprouts out might put a little real life into his dancing. They say the devil hates " holy water.'* If some of the Mackay house holders were to try him with some hot water, I dare say it would be consecrated enough to "give the devil his due," or dew, whichever you prefer. There don't, however, seem to be enough devil- dodgers in Mackay to surround the devil. The devil dodges them. A crusade was inaugurated against " the devil and all bis works" fey some muscular dis believers. On the 5th inst., the devil was seen by this crusading committee. The proverb says. " the nearer to church, the farther from Heaven/' the inference being that you're closer to the devil. This devil respected that proverb. He was seen near the Eoman Catholic Church. The crusaders chased him, being probably desirous of exorcising the evil spirit. They promised him "the father of a thrashing"-in fact, the *' holy father of a lambasting." But, though the devil has a cloven hoof, the devil a catch could they catch him. He proved himself fleet as well as split of foot. He was followed by showers of stones, men with big sticks and cries for guns to be passed along. " The ghost didn't walk" this time; it ran. It ran like the devil. And it escaped. By latest accounts from Mackay, the ghost of the devil has since been laid. The fiend has apparently emigrated. Perhaps he has come down to the opening of Parliament. ME SWANWICK receives Resident and yisiting Pupils to pre pare for all Legal and University Examinations. St. Mary* Kangaroo Point, Uciebane. 