MARK TWAIN'S VERSION OF "HAMLETi" ..The above, talented author has put ..forth 'a revised' edition of the trbgedy of f.' Hiunlot." According '.to Twain's idea,' ' ' Hamlet, " as it came from1 the pen of Shakespeare, was 'incomplete. Twain assumes' that a man of Hamlet's melancholy and eccentric' tempera ment, must, of necessity, have had' a younger brother in the family of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following ingenious arguments : — « , » "We find in the History, ofiEnglahd and Paris adjacent pages, 4, 11, 44, ; Vol. II, the following letter from the King' of Denmark, to Toin\Sayers, an' „< old friend of his v Dear Tom — Those hair-stuffed box-: ing gloves and foils came by the .Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who , ran the Express - Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order— G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and .melancholy disposition,- takes very little stock in the gloves, as a ib.low on the nose only serves to increase his '.melancholy. Thus I have given ye gloves to Billy my second born who is as lively as a cricket on his pins, and a jovial lad withal, who takes . kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped his teacher ' most soundly on ye bugle1,1 for' which I rewarded him by giving him a silver- mbunted 'wassail bowl filled to the uppermost brim' with' good brown ale. If you make, your match with Criibble'let me know, aiid send 'a couple of tickets for, seats pretty close to the ropes. If you" want backing, the whole .Exchequer of Denmark and the, Sub- treasury thrown in is \- Yours truly, ' .Claudius, King of Denmark." From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens ;.(Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct' the play, holding, . with no little showi of reason, that Shake speare 'haff no license — poetical or otherwise— to give ' Hamlet a . pro- minencb'not accorded to his younger brother. # Twain Continues . "Other- letters from the .King to Sayers, uow in 'my. possession, .being ; kindly loaned me by tlie' ' British Museum, go' to show that Shake speare had a grudge against Bjllji1,' the younger brother, because, ! wliCn Shakespeare visited the ' palace'-' of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, .which so. in censed the bard that lie never forgave the young rascal. People \yho have liad ' candle'-s'nuffers placed '. in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except where lie appears, to him- ' Like a mildewed ear ..Blasting his wholesome brother.' ' ' ' ' . # The events at Elsinore happened as I- have ' written them. ' Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, aucl'T caniiot' conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass uncorrected. " 1 THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain'; takes liberties .with the original text, , which , strongly' -reminds' oiie of;-B6ucioaulb adapting, "a. ..French drama "for "tlie American stage. In the first .act . where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, - William conies in and sets up refreshments for the guards out 'of a little' black bottle j .but refuse the two - latter . to have a second pull at the flask, after, they : begin to talk on the grounds that lie' does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. - The guards then leave William to . himself, and after they had disappear ed he bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then slips away, and in a. side s'ceire is represented dressing himself up in' his father's armour , and covering himself with mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements arc complete he stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio 'making several turns out in the side .scenes, where he goes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick. #'; When Horatio is telliug Hamlet of the , apparition William listens; with ''his mouth . lyide open, apparently i'ansfixed with fear ; but after they are gone lie turns .to II amletyf it\\\ ' " Hamlet, do :you swallow all this ?" . Don't you .know all thpse -fellows' are , 'as crazy as' bed-bugs ? ' Doyou sup pose tlie old man would walk around -this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of armour ? Besides, a ghost ain't -cap able of packing armour around. Why, the last few years he wasn't "hardly able to Waddle,- -About ih that oiie-hundred-aud-teil" "poiiiid"" suit. Don't you Jmowr. when- lie came in from that last dress parade he said he'd be switched if he'd ever put the old brass togs on again. ; - Tj'shaw, old boy have some sense.'" : THE GHOST-WALKINp SCENE. , In the fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape and rehearses the ghost- walking sfcen'tf'-untilVhe' is entirely satisfied wiihVhifnself, while lie indulges in thfe folfpwinA solilo'quy V; ' ' 'De'rhaps tliis woii't baiph .hi m ph , no ! He'll'tbiiik 'it tlie Irue business, "and no Mistake. ,IfI;can get him about Half'crozy'i can collar the girl. Blamed if I'd have far. to go.'".- '# 1 # ' ' » In this scene Twain has followed the original text pretty clbsely.v''Tli'e' following extract will. give 'a; geiieral idea of his treatment of it ' ' Hamlet. , My fate cries out, And makes each petty artery on this body .. - .. . .. . As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. . (Ohdsi VecTcoiiil') Still I ain called. Unhand me ghritlte- . men ! . , ) '! A >. ' - (Breaking Jrorrtfhem). By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me.' — " I say, away.! Go on ! I'll follow thee.". ' .. ." William. Oh, he s coming, I've got him cranked already. ' # - ; The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, unfolds, runs in' ' tliis . practipal.fashion:— 'f l am thy father's; , spirit. Doomed '.to an everlasting swing around' the circle. - .I-.i.could a tale unfold ;tiiat\vbuld, lift your hat to the ceiling. If ever, there was a slick old fraud your; uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my . death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never" got away with . me. " The . man", who is now in my political shoes dumped the ounce of \- prussic acid ih my ear - and -that' did i .the business. I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid as unequalled. Iam wiWing.to furnish .testimonials Joftlie trade.' # f The Ghost ' then proceeds at con-. siderable'lebgth.'to tell HanieU ti'h'at ' to do and' how -to get, even with his I Uncle, - interspersing '.his story with some sid'e-'siilit'tihg-" Aside's"' which " are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire play the pranks of ' JYiUiaiii are in'de'seribably' ludicrous as he appears in the double r61e of Ghost and ad v iser to B.gmlet in, the flesh; . When not .'masquerading with his material seahces ..he is 'igoiiig about with his ; brother trying -to dissuade him. from 'doing any thing rash.-.aiid .telling, him what au infernal fool he is for taking any stock in. the supernatural,' occa's- 1 - io'iially-'witlic rawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when . his.. hilarity threatens to esd'ape from1 His ; control. , » # His prime idea is to get even on his Uncle and- step-father, for whom he has' the" inos't profound coiitemplrV b'ut . when eveuts.:.,thickeu as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his. work, and on one -occasion con- ; .'lessee -'.the;. 3mudv aiid ;,;.tries to ggt!. Hamlet to look af 'tlie" armor and ' , mosquito netting but .Hamlet only looks upon 'it as a dodge ,to; dissuade him from 'his' purpose', and'wiiriiaten to nothing. -. - - . # . In the latter part of the play he sobersYlpwii'and calmly allows events to' take"their course. In the closing scene he gazes : upon ..the work' -6f ' death, ancl coolly orders "a bolt of black crape" while he aunounces that his morning will be wholesale.-; ' | V: . # \- Some ofr ttye passages are intensely . funny, and "in others the humor is forced,, with a tendency to slang ; but as a whole the innovation is very .laughable,', and the version 'will no doubt attriict considerable curiosity -amongst play-goers, and draw crowd ed audiences, should it &ver; be played. So writes an American critic. - W.H.W. j 