Items. Some sharp frosts lately. Nice showers but no more yet Parliament meets on Thursday. ; 'i?_ Some orders for trees coming in. No cabinet formed in France yet. Private Cooksley the cup winner. Splendid gold-reefs at King's Bluff. Edith O'Ronnan on Thursday evening. Australia borrowed ,£17,000,000 last year. Meetings of the unemployed in Melbourne. The Bulli Fund is expected to reach ^30,000. Surely political slumberers will awake now. Half a million deficit predicted in Queens land. The Rev. J. Bickford paying a visit to Burra again. Dead loss of over \% per cent, interest on the loan. Have you sent your donation to the Mayor's fund yet ? The [Cradock ghost business is still a mystery. Fire in a Parisian theatre. About 100 per sons perished. The population of Victoria increased by 9,565 last quarter. The New Zealand Government defeated. A dissolution asked for. Three ounces of gold from Ulooloo again bought by Mr. Tiver. Government grant matches to-morrow. Uniforms to be worn. Mr. J. H. Angas stands for the Central District for the Council. Something of all sorts, including burnt cork, on Thursday next. Over eighty lives lost at the burning of the theatre in Paris last week. Wesleyan Home Mission meeting at Red ruth to-morrow evening. Seventy lives lost by a fire-damp explosion in a colliery near Glasgow. A plot for the deposition of the Sultan of Turkey has been discovered. General Boulanger says the French army is prepared for immediate war. Aberdeen has one cup and Farrell's Flat the other. Now then Kooringa. The Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament in our next issue. The Rev. Dr. O'Reilly is appointed Bishop of Port Augusta by the Pope. ? The discovery of coal within 30 miles of Palmerston, N.T., is reported. A women's college is to be formed and affil cated to the Sydney University. Nearly all the capital of the late Town and Country Bank has melted away. A man named F. Voight at Eudunda has been killed by a kick from a horse. Excursion trains will convey children to the Exhibition at very low fares shortly. Two more companies ot mounted infantry enrolled — Melrose and Wilmington. A number of additional animals procured for the Adelaide Zoological Gardens. The first business, of the Assembly should be to adjust the finances — not their own. The Sydney Government is going to expenJ ^2,000 on illumination on June 21st. A dissolution is believed to be the only way out of the present difficulty in France. It is said that ex-M.P.'s have not had their railway passes called in and still use them.^jgl A handsome silver mounted biscuit box is offered as a ladies' prize to be shot for soon. The Rev. T. W. Bray, M.A., a brother of the Chief Secretary has just died in England. Fire in a Tramway Company's premises in New York, and 1,600 horses were destroyed. Messrs. W. Browne, F. Dutton and Price Maurice have given ;£ioo each to the Adelaide Zoo. Is there ^another place in the world where excursion trains are run without being adver tised? A Moderate Republican Cabinet is being formed in France, but it is not believed to be strong. ' Crazy Teas' are the latest rage in America. The tea is served in all sorts of inappropriate vessels. Is the prospect of payment'of members draw ing out the large batch of candidates for the Assembly ? The Russians are believed to have been at the bottom of the plot for the deposition of the Sultan. Government grant match for marksmen and first and second class shots for Burra Company to-morrow. It is proposed to appoint a General of the Imperial Army to command all the Austral asian forces. The Hon. H. Scott is to move and the Hon. J. Bosworth to second the address in reply in the Council. Selectors' rents coming into the Victorian Treasury are ^49.000 over the estimate for the year already. The Commissioner of Public Works says all the arrangements for the Exhibition yet made are purely experimental. A discovery has been made of very rich quartz at Kings's Bluff near Teetnlpa. It assays 50 oz. to the ton. The Russian Government declines to enter upon any discussion as to the future occupant of the Bulgarian Throne. Adelaide capital cannot be got to obtain crushing machinery for Teetulpa. Companies are floated in Melbourne. It is a good job Melbourne capitalists think more of our goldreefs than we do ourselves or they would never be tried. South Australia's usual want of confidence in herself displayed over the provision of crushing plant at Teetulpa. Sir Charles Cooper, former Chief Justice of South Australia, and since enjoying a pension of £1,000 a year, is dead. Half the iate loan is deposited with S.A- banks at 2*4. per cent., and the balance at less in London. '. The colony pays 4 per cent. The South' Australian Company has declared a dividend of 10 per cent, with a bonus of three percent more. Screwed out of tenants. Mr. G. W. Cotton suggests to the Royal Agricultural Society the advisability of prizes being offered for the best working men's blocks. Two men have received fourteen years each and a woman five years imprisonment for con spiring to extort blackmail from a Sydney doctor. The Government Geologist shows that during the last 47 years metals worth ^19,075,040 have been exported from South Australia. H.M.S. Nelson -will be in Port at the open ing of the Exhibition, and her company will line the approach to the building and her band will play. The Australian Government have intimated that they do not desire any change in the Queen's title, but will accept what the British Government decide upon. Designs have been adopted for annexes for the Melbourne Centennal Exhibition to cost over ,£50,000, or considerably more than the cost of our main building. There are to be new train arrangements on various lines after June 14, but the Govern ment are afraid that they will be too much' made use of, so keep it as quiet as possible. The contractors cannot undettake to get more than enough uniforms for the City Bat talion dyed for the Exhibition opening, so the northern and southern companies will appear in grey. The following is probable explanation of le origin of the upas tree :— ' A real valley of death «*osts m Java ; it is termed the Valley of Poison, and is filled to a considerable height with carbonic acid gas, which is exhaled from crevices in the ground. If a man 01 animal enter it he cannot return ; and he is not sensible of his danger until he feels himself sinking under the poisonous influence of theatmospbere which surrounds him ; the carbonic aridj of which it principally consists, rising to the height of 18 feet from the bottom of the valley. Birds which fly into this atmosphere drop down dead, and a living fowl thrown into it dies before it reaches the bottom, which is strewed with the carcases of various animals that have perished in the deleterious gas.' 