Turl Notes. [By ' Hipparion.'! On Saturday tbe racehorses Vuinbope and Honest Ned were auctioued by Mr. Warby at his yards in Albert and Ade laide streets, on account of their owner, Mr. M. Darcy, who is retiring once more J from the turf. Vainhope, the grey four vear-old brother to Touchstone, whs sold for a mere song— under 50 guineas— to Mr. Davenport, of Nanango, who may race him, hut bought him for stud pur poses. Honest Ned was passed in, and subsequently sold for 150 guineas, his destination being Maryborough. Rich mond's brother, Clarence, by Waverley — Dudu, was sold to B. Fox, who rode Yabba when he wou the double at Bris bane Tattersall's meetinc in April last. Not much can b' said in praise of tbe Ipswich Turf Club handicaps which be gin too low, to say nothing of the bluu derp in adjustment of the weights ou too many of the horses. Pirate end Aga should secure the double amongst them. At Toowoomba, in the big events, the maximum is still lower than at Ipswich, and so fur the handicaps are inferior, hut apart from the ' Bcale' at which the oati'lieapper starts, the work bears ex amination f*r better, and displays a knowledge of form and the relative value of performances, sadlv lacking in the Ipswich handicaps. Pending tlie accent ances, the best in se^m to lie Pirate, Yabba, My Love, and Blue Blood, but Pirate will prolmbly race at Ipswich, instead of undertaking a journey to the Downs. Mr. M'Oill has sold Fletcher to go north, I believe. ( jrey nou no , g.g. uy ijeciurer. leaves ior Croydou this week or next via Norman ton. Owners are reminded of the closing of entries for ihe Kilcoy Racing Club on December 29th. The races lnke place ou New Year's Day, or rather itB equivalent, Monday, January 2nd. The added money alieady advertised comes to about £30, and there are three raceH whose value has yet to ba filled in. Mr. Herbert Hunter, who will be re membered by Maryborough racegoers as owner of Royal Irishman and Theorist, intends sending tbe latter down to Syd ney along with his recent purchase Grey wing, gr.c., two years, by VespaBian — Grey Esperance, by Yattenaon. The Lar rikin by Rioter— Queen of the Forest and Codicif by Respite— Legacy, are for sale. The latter is engaged jn the valuable Q. T.C. SireB Produce StakeB next May. The Gympie Handicaps do not seem to be framed with as much care as usual. Fit and well, and on the ground, Honest Ned is very like a errtaintv for the Christ mas handicap, aud indeed for the double, for the penalty won't stop him in tbe Pre sident's Handicap If be can win tbe first event. No horse now on Gympie can give him the weight Wheel of Fortune and Swinger are asked to concede, in my opinion, at least, but his owner may pre fer keeping him in Brisbane, and going for the handicaps ut Ipswich and Eagle Farm. In bis absence the two top weights should scoop the double between tbem, Swinger for choice if well. Clarionette can hardly be sufficiently forward though her weight is light, and Gunner is scarcely class enough. Escape looks a moral ou paper for tbe seven furlong handicap at. 7 st. 12 lb. as he does for everything he is entered for, though when it comes to racing he may fail from want of a tho rough preparation, a point in which the Gympie nags have the bulge on Mr. Kent'sgelding probably, I should plump for Daredevil in the five furlong handi cap on tbe score of class alone, If he hnd not been ailing so long, and 1 prefer Es cape and Remembrance on their meiits. Young Byrnes went tip on Tuesday to ride Cantiniere or the Darebin colt, or both. Glen Effle should win the Hurdle Handicap. Very (jood entries were received forthe Yengarie races. Unless crushed out of both handicaps, Sweet William, a son of old Viscount and the smart little cbeBtnul, Sweetbriar, will bo u bard nut to crack. Dan Trihey is said to have bought the three-year-old Sir Anthony for £300. No human being would believe tbjsifPan swore it — which he don't— till bo was black In tbe face, but it would be in teresting to kBow why such falsehoods which deceive nobody are put abroad. The Toowoomba minor handicaps, more especially that for the two and three-year-old Juvenile Plate, do not reflect much credit on their author. Fancy asking a young two-year-old like flrucedale ooncede 4 lbs. and bis year to a three year coif like Double Strain, who, in turn, bas to give weight to Little Jeannie, whose public form shows her pretty well up in tbe ranks of the three year-olds, and certainly superior to M.r. Finnie's colt, but the handicap is so utterly faqlty, that it In vain pr|t(iiae it. The Flying Handicap, in which the two-year-old JSrabers has to meet the well- performed' four-year-old Zamia at a difference of only 8 lbs., is almost equally absurd. The two iu fact are nearly as bad as the Ipswioh work, I hear that Charlie Baker— Friction Baker as be is now called— gave between 200 and 300 guineas for the ' 'bus borse' Ace of Hearts, who ran third to Aga and Freedom for (he Australian pi ate at Tattersallla meeting last week. In another column wi' be tound the entries for the ft,T.C. Ceptenujal, and January Handicaps. The hurdle hp, tee Grafton bas been sold. English files report tbe victory of St. Mi rin in the Liverpool Cup, \ mile 3 furlongB, in 2m. 94 Bees., very fair going, j considering tbatlSnglisb races are seldom run in earnest over more Lhm\ the last six furlongs, at;d that tnp Weatherand ground at Aintree were anything b,Ut conducive to repord making or breaking. The following rather hagy paragraph is from the Sydney Tribune Tbe race- j horse Marksman, now in Mr. C. Roberts | stables, is not as many people believe identical with the Marksman who re cently distinguished himself at Wagga Wae^ga. The former is a jumper from Queensland, and got hy Tarragon — Glaucus mare.' Which is the pedigree of tbe VV*ggu Marksman, who is »lso a jumper from Queensland, and uncording to the Iribune 'identical with the Marksman in Mr. Roberts stable, who is however, not the Wagga Wagga per former ' — but here I drop it. Britisher, hy John Bull — Favourite, is said to have been bought by a Queensland racing man. My Love's dam— the imported Blair Athol mare, My Fancy, dropped a fine colt foal to an American trotting sire, and has been put to Wheatmeaf. Mr. J. Williams offered Mr. R. North, the old mare's owner, 100 guineas for the foal. Buzza, by imported Stockdale, a well known steeple- chaser a year or two hack in Victoria, is now drawing a bupgv. Ben Bolt's brother, Goldeostone. has been transferred by his ostensible owner, Collins, from Lawson'sstablesto Alsopp's. Touchstone has been scratched for bis Randwick Summer engagements. Newstead has been sent to J. Morrison at. Flemington, to lie trained once more. The Duke of Hamilton and other wealthy owners have determined to carry on racing without betting :tt the uew proprietory racecourse, Glasgow. Bnzi cott should go there, but not take Nesbitt with him. ft was Fishwife, not Freedom who 'collided' with tb' unfortunate Mrs. Shaw, just before Ihe start for the three- | year-old handicap. Freedom is not a three-year-old, and would liurdly bo tak ing his preliminary canter for a race in which he was not qualified to start. The southern papers, however, generally manage to get, hold of the wrong end of the stick when retailing Queensland n'ws. Witness the flippant and in famous imputations on Mr. S. Welch's honour slung out in utter iguorance of tlie facts at a penny a line. Just for something to say, and to show their smartness, Mr. Welch's coll, Lord He;-d- ington, we are told in tbe Rnfercr, ran in the most contradictory and suspicious manuer, beaten all to pieces iu one race and running second in the next but one. Beaten, lie undoubtedly win in the first race, but he got off a hundred yards at least to the bti't, and never hud tins ghost of a show, as he was si und ing still behind the post when the flig fell, the leading horses taking a flying stmt lialf-a- furlong ahead. The Summer Cup. aud other races will draw tlie 8ydn«y pulilio to tlie A J.C. Boxiug Day festival at Randwick on Monday, but not much interest is taken in tbe meeting up here, none of tbe Queensland contingent beiug likely starters, aud Crossfire or Acme may win the Cup. On New Year's Day, and January 3, 1888, Tattersall's Cup, and the Carriugton Stakes will be run for, and there will be excellent counter attractions at Fleming ing on t he sumo days. In Brisbane the Driving Park Club (Trotting), have New Year's Day all to theniselvfs, and their flr6t meeling pro mises to be very successful. S. Davis's disqualification bas beeu re moved. The QT.O. were requested last week to remove the disqualification from the race horse Gladiator, but declined. The Toowoomba acceptances and gene ral entry are rather meagre, two only for the Ladies' Mile, vis., Maritana aud the Gympie mare Lauristina ; five for the Maiden, which should be won hy Blue Blood, if be starts, by Silverrpaid, per haps, if he doesn't j five for the Trial, of which Double Strain may be the best. Willie should win the Selling Plate, and Maniac the barbarous Johnny Gilpin Stakes. Zamia looks like winning tbe Flying Handicap. Pirate, if he goes for it, the Christmas Handicap; in his ab sence,' My Love or Theorist ; Zamia is good goods for tbe Visitor's Plate, aud Pirate, Blue Blood, and Theorist, read best for the If mile ; Double Strain ought to win the Juvenile Stakes. At the Lion Creek (Rockhampton) races, a borae won, who was unbacked ou the totalisator, when the proprietors contrary to the rule that governs the totalisstor nil nvr the world, poeketed the whole of the money invested. The money of course should have been re turned to investors less the percentage. 