GAZETTE NOTICES.— May 25. Application to close and purchase a road.—Henry Edward Bigg, p. Donald, c. Sandon. The road separating Ho. 91 from Nos. 231 and 76. Revocation of Temporary Reserves.— Within the leasehold area of Ollera hold ing, No. 332, notified 31st July, 1885 : Part of reserve 673, c. Hardinge, p. Skinner, area 10 acres ; the above forms part of reserve 673 notified 14th February, 1879, for school and other public purposes. Reserve from Sale for Public School Purposes.—Within the leasehold area of Ollera Holding, No.' '332, notified 31st July, 1885 : No. 3457, c. Hardinge, p. Skinner, area 8 acres. Reserves from Sale or Lease.—Within the boundaries of the leasehold area of Guy Fawkes holding, No. 534 : No. 3575, c. Clarke, p. Rigney, area 40 acres. Within the boundaries of the leasehold area of Rockvale holding: No. 3576, c. Clarke, p. Rockvale, area 40 acres ; No. 3577, c. Clarke, p. Rockvale, area 60 acres. Within the boundaries of »the leasehold area of Lyndhurst holding: No. 3578, c. Clarke, p. Avondale, area 50 acres. Within the leasehold area of Ba lala holding: No. 3579, c. Hardinge, p. Honeysuckle, area 83 acres; No. 3584, «. Hardinge, p. Balala, area 60 acres. Within the boundaries of the leasehold area of Ollera holdings No. 3581, c. Hardinge, p. Elderbury, area 40 acres. Within the boundaries of the leasehold area of Enmore holding: No. 3582, c. Sandon, p. Enmore, area 113f acres ; No. 3583, c. Sandon, p. Enmore, area 198£ acres ; No. 3584, c. Sandon, p. Enmore, area 200 acres ; No. 3585, c. Sandon, p. Enmore, area about 200 acres. Within the boundaries of the leasehold area of Rockvale: No, 3586,c. Sandon, p.Clere don, area 100 acres. - Within the bound aries of the leasehold area of Guyra : No. 3587, c. Sandon, p. Metz, area 40 acres. Within the boundaries of the leasehold area of Bergin-op-Zoom: No. 3623, c. Vernon, p. Bergin-op-Zoom, area 62 acres 3 roods. Mat 27. Reserves from Sale for Water Supply and Camping.—Within the resumed area of Toryburn holding, No. 436, notified 5th Aug., 1885 : No. "3776, c. Hardinge, p. Toryburn, area about 680 acres ; No. 3777, c. Hardinge, p. Toryburn, area 40 ! acres. Reserve from Sale for Camping.—Within the resumed area of Europambela hold ing, No. 100, notified 11th July, 1885: No. 3477, c. Vernon, p. Fenwick, con taining an area of 30 acres. Sanitary Precautions.—It is sin-: cerely to be hoped that the Municipal: Council will soon bestir themselves and j endeavour to effect a much needed reform in the condition of many back yards in the city, else we may expect a perfect plague, when the warm weather com mences. The carelessness and uncleanli neBS of ratepayers in this Municipality is almost criminal Refuse and rubbiBh of the most unclean description is not carted away,, but cplipiy heaped in reeking ma8S while cess A^erflow frith erery rain fell. And* jpet we boast of our 'advance and forget . that \- Vwi. Lost in London.—The theatrical com pany of Messrs. Hamilton and Doff open to- night at the New Town Hall in the above thrilling and rather emotional drama, the scenic effects in which we are assured will be very good, while the com pany, as we before observed, are highly spoken off by the Press. We trust that this troupe will have reason to be satisfied with their visit to Armidale, and we hope to see a good house to-night. Me. James Nairn.—Upon enquiry this week we learn that Mr. Nairn, the well kuown 'bus proprietor, is slightly better, although his case is still a critical one, and much sympathy is felt for Mrs. Nairn in her domestic affliction. Ayrshire Cows.—Mr. F. W. Irbv has latterly had forwarded to his place a nice lot of Ayrshire cows which he purchased in Sydney. They are well-formed ani mals with good pedigrees, and will no doubt do well in this climate. We con gratulate Mr. Irby upon his spirited enterprise in thus adding to the stock in the district. Ghostly Visitants.—The love of the supernatural has apparently not yet died out, and we read a short time back of various strange " appearances" in differ ent parts af the colony. As a rule, how ever, these ghosts were unsatisfactory, and were traced to natural causes. We do not think there is any legend about supernatural appearances in Armidale, and we cannot boast of a "Fisher's ghost," like that celebrated apparition in the Camden district many years ago. Stay, we do remember hearing some time | back of a woman. Not a " woman in white" this, but a woman in black, who was said to - perambulate the streets at uncertain hours of the night, and then "vanish into thin air." We remember some ladies who were firm believers in this black robed dame. We mentioned this matter, inter alia, the other night, to Blodgers. Blodgers is married, and at once scorned the theory of a "dark ladie." He says that the only apparition that troubles him is the awful presence of a woman in a " white" robe de chambre, who stands awaiting his arrival after a whist party with a lighted candlestick in one hand and, " hem,—not to put too fine a point on it"—a number nine slipper in the other. Salvation Army Meeting.—On Tues day night, despite the very inclement weather, there was a very latge attend ance at the New Town Hall, to hear the new Indian converts, on a visit to Armi dale, hold forth upon the benefits arising from joining the ranks of the Salvation Army. Two of the converts were Cin galese, rejoicing in the names of Sergt. Seya and Corporal Herathula, and they did not take any prominent part in the proceedings, beyond singing a few hymns and addressing the audience in the Hindoo language which was translated by Captain Musa Bhai, a full-blooded Bengalese. This Captain Musa Bhai was the "big gun" of the evening, and spoke the purest and most grammatical English. He soon held the large audience spell-bound as he described the habits and customs of the tribes of India, and the work of the Sal vation Army in that country. This " Captain" also sang some hymns rather sweetly, and at the close of the service a liberal collection was taken up. The missionary work of the Salvation Army is extending, and when an educated man like " Captain" Musa Bhai joins the ranks and leaves the traditions of the Indian deities for the latter day teachings of this singular body, thoughtful minds must view the progress of the "Army" with more than common interest. The Late Volunteer Ball.—With re ference to a letter appearing in this issue relative to the disappearance of cloaks, &c.;, we can only reiterate that the arrangements, considering the crowded state of the hall, were perfect. We did j not leave till 3.30 am., and, up to that j time, perfect method was observed in the cloak room. It is impossible to under stand why " trifles light as air" are some times twisted into grievous faults. / j Valedictory Address.—We noticed' the other day a valedictory address to Mr. Makin, chief clerk at the Armidale Land Offices, upon the occasion of that gentleman's departure from Goulburn. The address is one of the most finished specimens of caligrapby- and illumination; we have seen for a long time, and is ihej work of Mr. Geach,' of Goulburn, who] illuminated the spidresses presented to] Lord Carringtop when he visited Goul-f bourn, which plicited special commenda-| tion from his Excellency. This address just received by Mr. Makin is mgned by Mr. Francis, formerly the Rev. Francis Tait, of Armidale, and now Mayor of Goulburn, and Mr. H. J. Gannon, soli citor, on behalf of - the residents. We can understand, from Mr. Makin's popu larity with the staff of Hie Land Office, and his uniformly courteous demeanour,! that his departure from Goulburn must! have been regretted. ... __ ——J Police Court.—On Tuesday, before the P.M., the following cases were dealt with.:—William Diamond, on remand, charged with horse-stealing, was re manded to Boggabri, where the offence was committed. Matilda Collins, charged with lunacy, appeared before the Bench, and, medical evidence being taken, was sent to Gladesville to receive proper treat ment. This case was an extremely pain ful one, the patient being a fine young woman, and the mother of a small family. She and her husband always lived upon most amicable terms, and up to a few weeks back no aberration of mind was visible, while she was a fond mother to her children. About the period referred to, however, symptoms of religious mania appeared which, increasing in violence, made it necessary to place the unfortunate woman under restraint. We sincerely sym pathise with Mr. Collins in this, saddest of all afflictions, and trost that, under judicious treatment, Mrs. Collins-may re cover, And be .restored again, to her home and young family. Scarlet and typhoid feverAre very pre- , Mr. O. Mackenzie.—We are pleased to learn that Mr. C. Mackenzie, son < f Mr. James Mackenzie, of Ollera statioi, has passed his third examination in la it witli flying colours, and congratulate hi: 1 upon the result. Mr. C. Mackenzie | vith Mr. J. A. Boyd, solicitor, of Grief Innes. Abdress to the Queen.—The foilo^iv ing copy of an address to Queen Victoria,? upon the completion of the fiftieth year of her reign, has been forwarded to Mr. G. 1 W. Holmes, Mayor of Armidale, for sig nature by the women and girls of this dis trict. The Mayor has also left copies at the stores of Messrs. Richardson and Co. and Messrs. John Moore and Co. for sig nature. The address runs thus :—" The loyal and dutiful address of the women and girls of New South Wales, who offer their heartfelt congratulations to your Ma jesty, on the completion of the fiftieth year of your happy and glorious reign. They trust that it may please God to pre serve your life, so dear to all your people, and that it may continue to be blessed with health, with the lore of those most dear to you, and the deep affection and reverence of your subjects, which are felt throughout your wide dominions, and no where more fervently than in this distant portion of your Empire." This is a little better wording than " sad pre-eminence j in grief," which milk-and-watery effusion appeared in the first prepared address.! Each person will sign this address sent to! the Mayor, using their Christian and sur name only, without place of abode. ^ An Old Townsman.—We were pleased to see in town the other day, on a visit, Mr. B. Herzog, formerly an old resident in Armidale, where he carried on the busi ness of tinsmith for many years. Mr. Herzog is now residing in Camden, one of the first settled districts in the colony where, we are pleased to hear, he is en joying the best of health. 