THE CEADOCK GHOST. TO THE EDITOR. Fir — I womd not nave troutilea you with this letter but that IuQUgt place the case fairly before the public. My first visit to the child was in response to an invitation from Mr, Bodeghiere. The child was here some time befoie I visited her. Our reason on June 1 foe wishing the room empty, or nearly so, was that we should have perfect silence, and nobody as outsiders to charge with collusion. We were anxious to have the father present. Oar reason for this we keep to ourselves. We were also According to Mr. Schultze the knocks wont c0'?* -* y°u go too near the child. But they will rap when he is in bed with her. They rapped when SisEey's brother was in bed with her; they rapped when her brother was with T JLTb01? ? hut clole.by 5 they rapped when I was close to the child in the dark, within three inches of her, without her knowing but they etopped the instant I slid my hand down -ander the clothes to the locality of the sound, which appeared to me to come from the chert walls, and where If ound the child's two handa closed. I was told I was too close, but I was not so dose as the boy had been whom I found » bed with her when I entered the room, and who was removed at my request. They rapped loudly one night when we were closet to the child than Mr. .Evans and myself were on the evening of Mr. Evans's visit, but we were -all on one side of her, and she was on a narrow mattress on a boarded floor, and a little of the dark rug was overlying the floor so that the child could rap without her hand being seen. They stopped suddenly on that same night when I suddenly and silently reached down and placed my hand in a sliding manner over where I concluded tha child's band to be, and the 'knocker' dis tinctly pulled its ' hand' from under mine, and it slid past my hand into the bed. However, I had the eense to ba quiet. It would not rap again when I put a white pillow on the floor that side of the bed an-l tucked the clothes so under the mattress that * the child could not touch the floor on that side of the mattress without reaching her hand out of the bed and over the white pillow. Th9 raps did not come when the child slept with the servant of the house. The raps would not come on the night I placed the child in a hammock and told her I could recognise every -rap she could possibly make then, and explained to her how I could localise the Bounds if she made them. Tne raps wouldn't come when Mr. Evans and I were on either side of the child, but at least 30 inches away from her. The raps did come when we urArc -tintlrnn nnA friffa and About 30 inchaa Anrn.tr from her. They came when I was within 2 feet of the child on that same evening, and Mr. Schultz said— 'Ask them to come under your feet;' but they did not come under my feet when I asked them, though they did come under my hand for a second when I stretched it out to where I thought she was knocking, and then I pressed the clothes and they etopped. They cama where the Pttersburg folk were close listening to the whispering. They came one night, ac cording to Mr. Hodeghiere, under the child's feet, but they stopped when he took hold of her feet. Baps did not come whe& I placed phos phorus on the child's hands, and tucked her hands outside the bed, and kept away from has say 4 feet. On another night the raps did not come after I put phosphorus on the child's hands, and again tacked them outside the bed clothes, at least not whilst I was present. And now in connection with that powerful bottle of smelling salts. One night it was a lucifer match. Another night it was the bottle first ppen, then closed, and then a stronger battle, namely, my pocket knife. The next night it was nothing at all but my fist. An other night it was a bottle of some essence or scent from Mr. Rodeghiere's shop. Another time it was my fingernail. On one terrible occasion it was my thumb and fore finger. Another time it was my thermometer bulb. One evening it was actually the shadow of the thermometer, which was not within 9 inches of the child. You understand that on many of these occasions care was taken to do enough to rcake a cute child guess that I intended patting the salts to her nose. The mere mention of this operation with the fictitious, bottle would cause that child of unnatural sleep to steal her hand ovar her nose ; to strongly resist the removal of her hand ; to duck her head round and bury her face in the pillow ; to cover her face with both arms ; to actually pull up the bedclothes over her face. The mere act of sliding one's hand along the pillowwith any of the ' bottlers ' was quite enough to make the child frown and flinch and cover her nose. It actually made ber open her left eye one evening. On one evening I sprinkled lamp-black on the floor, and actually got black knuckles on tha child. . Perhaps the ghoBt blackened them. I jam prepared to swear to this. — I am. &c;, W. H. JONES, Blackrock. [A portion of this communication has been excised, as it refers to matters which -have not appeared in our columns. — Ed.] 