SPORTING NOTES. [ByTrcmpator.! The acceptances for the Onkaparinga are highly satisfaitory as far as the jumping racea ate concerned, bat^defectiona from the Cap and Hills Railway Stakes are more nameroaa jan was expeetea. ibe triumphant; rmrch hrongh the North of Topthorne appears to have convinced the o^ner of Arrow and one or two others, that a visit to Oakbank would -e fruitless, bat I am rather surprised at icbo, the South - Eastern horse, aad Vanity not pajiag np for the Cuo. Joeing ia Melbourne last week I was unable to -write ansthisg concerning the Oakapi ringa weights ia last Saturday's Ohscroir. Mr. Hughes had an indifferent lot to work upon, and the handicaps are built upon a latteririg scale in consequence. Ai'-^-'ign Satyr ia something like 2 at. bu ..^a the orm of a horse like Lord Wilton, there cm be no question about hia right to tigace at the top of the tre8 in this company, and he should be bad to beat io whichever race he runs. That Hill will prefer to start the ola gelding ia the Cup to running and winning the Knrdle Race with 11 at 4 lb. in the saddle ia more than likely. Sityr i3 generally believed to be a thorough maaser of the art of jamp'iDg, but he has no: yet been thoroughly exposed over hurdles, aad his party are hardly likely to begin by sending him for a race with a bin weight like 11 st. 4 ib. Topthorae haa been a mest; fortunata purchase to YVyman, the bald faced chesnut having won eight ra:ea iu succession. Ha beat Arrow comfortably in two racea at Oiroroo last week, and in one of these he lost a deal of ground through strik ing a peat. Since then Topthorne has won the Morphettvale Cup, and although he beat nothing he strode along in a very taking style, and Iook3 all over a useful wearand tear style of horse. Hia late victoriea entail a small penalty for the Cup, but of course it ia impossible to say at present whether Wyman will go for the Hurdle Kace or the Cup. Should he start in the Hurdle Kace I expect to see him go out a good favourite. Brigand wa3 one of the best little bits of stuff that; ever jumped a hurdle in thia zolony, bat he ought to be a thing of the past by this time, aad the party behind him will probably put their money on Ki&ernan-; Thia son of Patriarch is airly smart when at hia be3t, and although hia legs are most unsightly he seems sound enough on them. Banker ia quite a champion among hurdle racera in the South Eiscern District, and I am very much impressed with hischaEceforthiarace. At Alillicent last week he carried 11 st. 10 lb., and won the Hurdle Kace easily, wish Reprobate, 10 st. 5 lb., second. Taking the Hue through fieprobate this reads, like good form, and I have not forgotten that the aged son of Croagh Patrick was quite at the top of the tree in his district in the days when Sir Patrick and The Agent were about. Doubtless these two improved very much after getting to Mel bourne, bet Banker must be a good horae, and at 10 st. 9 lb. (including a penalty) he is remarkably well handicapped. Xamanack mu&tbea; useful horse, judging by his up country running, butSword&sh; will ba better oS in the Steeplechase. Maude promised to develop into a good mare, but she has hirdly sustained these promises. Exile ia more as home on the fiat, and {Speculation is hardly good enough for the company. Student; and Janute are not likely to trouble tae Judge to hoist their number, &nd; as far aa I can see at present Banker and Topthorne are the beat of theeeleft in the race. The first named having been genuinely backed may be set down as a certain starter, but at present it is impossible to say what rase will be chosea for Topthorne to figure in. Satyr heads the list in the Cup with 9 st., and in my opinion whatever beats him will win. AiMnence, who ran so well last year, is not himself, but Mr. John Pile may be well represented by Nicholas. This nor 3 a ran well in the Metropolitan and Caul&eld; Cupa in 18S3, and he h&a; been given a great chance at7st. 12 lb. Lower down Topthorn must be respected until he is beaten, and Exile ia showing some form up country, Iu such a light handicap I have no liking for the bottom weights, and all well on the day, I think Satyr will take a deal of b sat ing. At 12 Bt 9 lb. Swordfish has been given a really good show of win ning his second Great Eastern Steeplechase. Last year,. with 13 Bt. 4 lb , he ran second to Charcoal, 9 Bt. 10 lb. Now he meets the black on 25 lb. better terms, and the extra 9 lb, off hia back should be of great assistance to Mr. Ryder's stout little brown. A horse that has safely got the Oakbank Course twice 1b alwaya worth bearing in mind, aud were 1 sure about his condition I should certainly give Swordfiah my vote on thia .occasion. Charcoal ran like a really good horse in several races last jew:, bat ia the Hunt Cap ana afterwards in Melbourne he cat; up badly. On his May form he holds Hyperna pretty safe, but one feels chary of recom mending Mr. Haiti's black after seeing him cut up so badly in Melbourne. Mr. Macdonald once thought Brown Eagle one of the best steeplechase horses in Australia, but so iar Mr. Pile's horse has signally failed to justify this opinion. Ac the same time Brown Eagle has more than once run respectably in Victoria, and if he ia really well on Easter Monday ne may cue a good figure, as he is a good safe jumper, and poasesees some pace. Sir Ewan ia a useful plodder, but he does not seem partial to the Uakbank Course, and for this reason I prefer Hyperna. This useful son of Australian Buck is very safe, and has a fair turn of speed. He is in Mr. McFie's hands just now, and that gentleman will ride him. Huntsman II. is fast but uncertain, and in any case I should not trust .him to stay the distance. Banker has more tnan once ran well over fences, but he will have a race in him, and a horse can hardly saddle up twice aud win a race, like this. I am told. Maude can jump big fences, but this is a severe task for a maiden, and I should prefer the chance of Robin Hood. This little horse, when just out of the paddock, won a Steeplechase at Mcunt Gambier lasb July in very clever style, and he ought to be precty well by now, as he has had the advantage of being in the St. Leonards Stable for some time Convention is a good-looking young horse of Mr. Von Douasa'a that should' turn out a fair chaser with time, and Alhambra is said to possess some form by those who saw him run at EdwardetowD. Demon is rather too wild to show to advantageover the Oakbank Course. Picking the Great Eatern Steeplecase is a very difficult task, and at present I shall restrict myself to saying that the winner should come from Swordtish, Eroiro Eigle, aud Hyperna, the former for choice if he is really welL The Hills Railway Stakes proved a gilt; to Trojan last year, and I daresay perhaps will start favourite this time ? but it Wentworth is well on the day it will not surprise me if he carries Mr. Pile's colours to the front. Mr. MacDonald's horse3 were in very good form at Elsternwick on Thursday. Lira fully atoned for hia CaulSeld defeat by just beating Menotti in the Shareholders' Cup, a stake worth something like £300. The tield for this race comprised such good handicap performers aa Kohai, Hogmanay, and Meteor, so that Mr. Crozier and hia friends would probably set a good price about the son of Conrad and Misa Harriett. The other Coronet Lodga three-year-old Success waa unlucky enough to be beaten by a head in the Shamrock Handicap, hia con queror being Beck with, while Vascosa, New ixesbian, Kewroaster, and a number of smart horses were in the Seld. Leporello won the Hurdle Eace, and Misfortune the Steeplechase, while Stafford, who ran almost last at Caulfield in a similar race, turned the tables oa Sorcerer aud Ghost by beating them in the Selling Eace. Nominations for the Jamestovrn Ra2e3, to be held on April 21, close with Mr. Correll, the Hon. Sec, on Monday next. There are two races in the programme which should attract Eome Adelaide horses. These are the JameBtown Handicap of 50 sovs. and the Hurdle Hace of 30 sovs. By-the by, I see the Club has made a rale of its.own regarding the definition of a maiden horse. The Barrier EangeB Jockey Club intend holding their annual meeting on May 24 and 25\. The proaramme is a good one, and as the railway is openedto within 20 miles of Silver ton Mr. John Pile and other Adelaide rasing men are likely to be represented at the meeting. The principal prize ia the Silverton Cup of 3 sovs. sach, with 150 added, 2 miles, and the B.R.J.C. Handicap of 2 sovs., with 100 added, one mile and a half. There are some fair stakes in addition to these, and the Club ought to have a good meeting. Nominations close with Mr. R. B. Pell on Thursday, April 21\. With reference to the Club the Hon. Sec_ writes me that during the last year £1,050 was given away in stakes, and they have still a credit balance of £100. The com mittee are trying to induce the Government to run a special train from Adelaide for the races at excursion rates. At the Albury Meeting on Wednesday the Fulham-bred colt Britanus, by Richmond Britannia won the Mares' Produce Stakes, beating six others. The colt waa a hot favourite, and won easily. The Albury Cap brought out a good Seld of twelve, and it fell to Beeswing 7 at. 71b. (Hales), with Abuse 8 st. 9 lb. second, and Allander S st. 1 lb. third. The -wiener ia the property of T. Hales, and he was presented with the Gold Cup in the Stand after the race. Trident has not accepted for the Sydney Gold Cup, so he and Nelson will only meet at weight for age during the Sydney meeting. Lord Wilton and The Levite are evidently going to Sydney, aa they are nominated freely, the chesnut being engaged in all the weight-for-age races. The new owner of The Telegram has nominated for several events. ¥be V.A.T.& had a moat successful day at ? Jaulntld last Saturday. The weather was limply lovely, and the attendance was *ery 'ood. It was the worat day that backers lava experienced for some time past. Not a single favourite won during the day, aad icorces of backers went through the after soon without picking a single winner. To begin, Ghost waa made an even money chanae for the Selling Race, but the ugly old ches ant never seemed to take hold of his bridle, md Maroney won easily. Every one of the seven runners for the Hurdle Race was backed, bnt Whalebone waa the Iea3t fancied of the party, and yet he won with great ease from the favourite Goodwood. The winner 13 by S-vordnYn, and he has run consistently for the past two months. The St. Kilda Cup brouzht out a good field, the favourites bsing that sood horse Kohai and the Coronet Lodge colt Lara. The latter waa backed more because the stable were sanguine than on any form he has shown thia Eeaaon, aa since he won at WDlianiBtown the sturdy little son of Coarad has not figured to advantage in public. Abuse had the support of most of the Flemington people, and Phaon had a good following. The race waB run at _ a good [sound pace, Leabia and Lara being in front until half a mile from home, when Cracknell drove Abusa to the front, and despite the efforts of Kohai and Phaon the light-weight won rather easily. Abuseis a very lazy horse, and Cracknell rode him all the way. With the winner out of the way Kohai would probably have won, but it would have been a cloee thing between him and Pbaon, and Lara ran fairly well considering that he waa disappointed ence in the straight. Marmion, a very good-looking brown in Fouleham'a stable, waa voted real jam for the Steeplechase, but the outsider Sweetmeat stuck to him all the way, and finally^ outstayed by half a length. The favourite did not appear to tinish very generously. The unlucky Bedouin wa3 the favourite 'for the Federal Stakes, but he waa not handled very nicely, and after a Bplendid finish Boz wca by a head. The style in which the Bos^orth colt won this race stampa him a good honest colt, and he cer tainly looka like developing into a fair out sider for the Derby. Mitrailleuse opened favourite for the South Yarra Handicap, but befcre the flag fell there waa such a ruah to get on Approbation that he left off quite aa good a favourit« aa the New Zealand mare. Approbation had been tried with Vasiosa and beaten the mare anyhow, but in fche race he waa done with before the distance, and Vascosa won easily from William Tell. The result waa a fair knockdown blow for backers, as 15 and 20 to 1 coald have been had about the wianer. By-the by, Chicago i3 a hor^e that should win a good ra:e some day, and William Tell will do more service for the Messrs. Miller. Mr. J. H. Aldridge ha3 sold his horse Balaria, by Pride of the Hills from Lady Fergusaon, to a Weatern Australian racing man, and the horse has been shipped for his new home. I hear that aince the V.R C. Meeting Mr. Locke has disposed of The Telegram. The horses Lady Ca.rington, Huntsman II., and The Baron arrived from Melbourne on Tuesday. T. Kain, the cross-country jockey, was also on board, and I suppose he will ride either Sword fish or Huntsman in the Onkaparinga Steeplechase. Mr. Jordan failed to aispose of his Wild Eagle — Rivalry colt at the autumn sales, but the colt waa afterwards disposed of privately, Mr. Joseph Thompson being the purchaser. The colt waa in the paddock at Caulfield on Saturday, and he compares favourably in the matter of looks with any of the two-year-olda engaged in the next Derby. Another fine two-year-old I saw last Saturday \va9 Royal Dash, by Richmond — Serenity. Hia hocks have given Air. Leek a deal of trouble, and his trainer -wisely determined not to attempt racing him this season. Mr. Stead changed his mind about selling Lochiel, and last week tke Newmarkes winner and Maxim returned to New Zea land. The crack lighl- weight Gorry did not ride at. Caulfield last week, he having gone to Sydney with Hon. W. A. Lang's horses. Tomlin, who hails from Adelaide, is now nearly as popular as Gorry. This boy has risen with rapid strides sinee he had such a good time at Silverton last June. A telegram appeared last week stating that an Adelaide backer had failed to settle over the V.R.C. Meeting. The young plunger referred to is not an Adelaide man, and I suppose the mistake occurred owing to the fact that he was in the habit of backing Ade laide horses pretty freely. S. Cracknell rode Abu3e to victory in the St Kilda Cap last Saturday. This was his first mount for some considerable time, and Saci handled the horse in a style whica shows that he is still able to hold his own with the beat of his profession. Books have been opened on the Onka paringa Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. The picks for the Hurdle Race have been some what numerous, bus the only genuine busi ness I have heard of was in connection with Banker and Swordfish. These two' were coupled on Tuesday to win £509. The Messrs. Robertson have leased the steeplechase mare, Reny to a patron of Tot hill's stable, and a very nice two- year-old filly by the Englishman from Catspaw has been let to Mr. C. L. Macdonald for her racing career. , . '. ? 