THE Xt-ilBER SEVEN. When* 6?od created Uie world he rested on the fth {lay. There are 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the of Jehovah, 7 syllables in the Mohammedan fcfir>»ls of prayer—la.ill Allah ill Allah. Every one is familiar with tho 7 fat and 7 lean kine ; the 7 fruitiol and 7 barren ears of corn, 7 years of plenty and 7 ye if £ famine. Jacob served 7 years for Rachel, rtfrfi *vs cheated with Lt'ali, and served another 7 yea ft ?nd received his re ward. Seven days he followed by Lvban, his father-in-law. When b&vvb; died fti* «on^Joseph lamented for Jiim 7 days. Every 'Jtli ?s»r the Israelites permitted their fie'ds to remain iul« and untilled ; this was called the ' Sabbatical ;SM,' At the siege of Jericho 7 priest, with 7 trumpets. ^ent rouud the walls of thb C'fy> and the t th blast the walls fell. Seven times ten years were tho Israelites held captive in Babrlon. Seven times ten Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament iuto Greek for the Alex andrian Library. There wero 7 times ten members of the High Council of Jerusalem, not counting the high priests. When Peter asked, ' Lord how many times must I forgive my brother ; is it enough 7 times V Jesus replied. '1 say unto you not 7, but seventy times 7.' 1A just man falleth 7 times and riseth up agnin.'-^Prov. xiiv., 16. ' When thine enemy speaketh fair, beliere him not, for there are 7 abominations in his heart'—Prov., xxvi., 25. There are 7 attributes of the almighty, 7 gifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of penance, 7 supplications in the Lord's Prayer, 7 words of the cross ; the Catholic Church has 7 sac raments. There are 7 wounds of Christ- on the Cross. In Revelations there are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices filled with divine wrath; also 7 lamps with 7 flames are mentioned there. Who does not know of the ' 7 ;leepers,' the 7 youthful Christian Martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Epheaus and fell asleep, and slumbered undisturbed for 200 years 1 There are 7 wonders of tho world, 7 wise men of Greece. The Mohammedan's paradise contains 7 heavens. Home has been governed by 7 kings, likewise Prussia, for the 7th is now Emperor Wilhelm. During the 7 years' war under Frederick II. history mentions 7 important battles. The war in Spain between the Carlists and Christians lasted 7 years. The Franco-Prussian war lasted 7 months, and the 7 regiment was the first to distinguish itself. On the 28 (4 times 7) of September 1870, Strasbourgsurrendered; on the28thofOctober Metz, and on the 28th of January. 1871, Paris. Rome is built on 7 hills ; so are Con stantinople, Nuremburg, Hamburg and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bag dad and Morocco each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honour of being Homers birthplace. There were 7 steps leading to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king; 7 steps to . Soloman's throue ; 7 arms or branches to the lamp in tho Temple at Jerusalem ; 7 wicks in the pepetual lamp (eternal flame) to the rites of the Greek Church. The River Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7 Canary islands, 7 Ionian islands, 7 colours in the rainbow : there are 7 tones in the mu sical scale, 7 precious metals. Pleiades, one of the most beautiful constellations, numbers 7 stars. There are 7 cardinal virtues ; three of these are Faith, Hope and Charity, ' and the great est of these is Charity.' The Duke of Wel lington has 7 marshals' staffs. The Pope is priest of 7 churches. The human head has 7 openings. Tile entrance to the celebrated dome at Cologue has 7 pillars set upon 7 pedestals surmounted by 7 statues. A HI N'T TO THE GAS COMPANIES. An action is now pending in London (says the ' St. James's Gazette') which promises to be to the gas companies what the great Dobbs case was to the water companies. The facts are shortly these :—A certain customer of one of the great metropolitan gas oompanies com plained not long ago that his gas bill had suddenly jumped from about £6 per quarter to nearly double ; but the company denied any mistake on their part, while admitting that the meter might have recorded inaccur ately the quantity consumed. But the Government inspector, after testing the meter, certified it to be perfectly correct in its .vorking. Now the customer refuses to pay the increased rate and is to be sued for it, the company submitting to be bound by the decision of the courts. We understand that conclusive evidence will be adduced to show that the actual consumption of gas has not been more than usual, and that there has been no leak on the customer's premises, or any other cause to justify the company's increased charge. The question for decision will be—is the record of the gas- meter as proof of a company's claim legally paramount over all other evidence ? The point is an important one, and the case will be watched with interest ; for it is curious how often our gas-meters go wrong in one direction. They never seem to err in favour of the consumer. 