THE BED THAT COULD NOT BE MOVED. Br W. W. FENN. I was always influenoed by coinoidenoes, presentionrnte, and strange, unaccountable sales. I always enjoyed reading or hear ing of t?em, and for years aspired to be the hero of one. Hours of relaxation withou a good sensational tale or ghost story were shorn of halt their restful Yb1YtY. 0: course I knew all the tricks of the ghostly romanocr by heart ; I was up to all his ancient houses, tap:stried cbamb~ro, old pictures, furniture, scorct, panles, tal the lake; but they amused me none the Iest, and at one time my only wish was for some personal ex. per-ucu amongst such surroundings. It never amrn, however, and when at last there did happen to me a startling ad. Venture, is was amidst sircumsetances the most provaei and commonplace, having for a background nothing more romantic and weird tuan a newly-erected suburban and 'Jerry built' bouse. Yes, it wse in such an unpromising place, and unier most matter- offlaat conditions, that I passed through anoxperience of which, even B? this day, I cannot think without a shudder. Not that it was a ghostly form of the terrible, and, though unnatural, could not be said to be supernatural; but it was suflloicntly appalling to be classed with any ruroanu? of dark deeds and siogular eecspes. My husiness took me entirely out of the region of romance. I had never had a ohance of passing a night in a haunted house or room, and, as my studies in that direction led me only to look in such places for what I hoped to find, I was perhaps less prepared for what happened. It came about In this fashion. The Volunteer movement had just commenced, and I, like other able bodied youngsters, enlisted in the cause with considerable enthusieasm. Five-and-twenty years ago, those who had more money and leisure than the rest wore naturally thought the fittest to undertake commandS, without much regard to anything else. Heroe and there exaoptions, however, were made to this unwritten rule, and I was one of these, for certaluly I had no money. I do not want to appear egotistical; but I had a turn for eotdlerlng, was smart, quick, and fairly well noset up. I soon acquired pro flclency Aollcient to justify quick promo lion, and are long I found myself captain of my company. It was said I had the making in me of a good soldier. I obeyed to the letter, and expected others to do the same. Authority, however, was often disputed on parade. The position of an ollear, therefore, who know what he was talking about, was not always an enviable one. .Mine was not, for I am hasty and peppery, and seldom measured my words to the rank and file; but in the main I do not think I was unpopular, and I certainly had na idea that I was sowing the seeds of vengeful ill-will. One young fellow there was, however, who displayed a very tur bulent spirit, and perhaps I might have doubted him. But after one or two uno seemly disputes, in our relative capacities of captain and private, he, like others of his temper, left the corps, and I utterly forgot his exltance and his name. After two years, the persistent cold shoulder turned by the authorities of the War Olliai towards the vclunteers, as is well known, had a very cooling effect upon their enthuleaam. Many of the regiments dwindled visibly ; the earnest men boaanme disgusted, and the indifferent throw up what little interset they might originally have taken in the movement. I was amongst the former, and when by dolreos the numbers became so reduced that the whole affair was last growing farcical, I, too, resigned, and retired for a while Into private life. IRegret fully ? Yes, for I had grown fond of soldier lng. Still, I saw that, unless the movement wao pluced on a very different footing, the position of a private was far preferable to that of an ofioor; Indeed, was the only becoming one for a citizen-eoldler to hold. Thisb feeling led me eventually to join another corps in that capacity. I enjoyed the shooting, the exercise, the drill ; refusing all offereof promotion, content to play the humble and obscure part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. When the third year of this service was drawing to its close, there came round a certaih Easter time, bringing with it, aceording to austom, the Volunteer Review. I cared little for these military promenades, con. tributing, as they then did, to little else than pomp and vanity ; but I thought I would attend thie one, which was to be held in the neighbourhood of Goldoeheeter, my birthplace, away up in the Midlands, but to which I had not boon for eighteen years. I thought I should like to visit the old and once familiar spot. I heard it had improved and grown into a large manufacturing town, and I was turtios, if not sentimental, on the eabject. Iry fl="Cs, however, were Iow, and, although I know I could go inexpansively enough for the three days with the regiment, I wanted a longer and more uninterrupted time at the place in order to give my curiosity, and euch sentiment as I had, full play, So I determined to spend a weak in the town on the choap, and join head quarters when they arrived there. A lrarg, wild, and open tract of heath rnd moorled,. for which the neighbourh7d weas dlstinfviehed, offered a splendid battle-ground for the amsteur eoldiers, and this, in former days, had been a favourite haunt of mine. Now0, I was told, the suburb., of Goldcbcuter extended nearly to the skirts of thin moor, and I settled that I would try and find a lodging on that side of the town. Wcll, I arrived on the Monday afternoon preceding the Good Friday, ard made etraight to carry out my intention, but when I had threaded my way through wha: were formerly the limits oft the town in the direotion of the moor, I simply loast myself. Grown and altered, indeed, was oeverything, with lines of new streets, trees'cra, -nd bustle, where oao had been green mlane; but eventually I got clear of there alnl found myself in the new suburb. ~The e-teklrts of manufaoturing towns are seldom an oheesrfl nnd p:etty as theCe happened to be, and although thloro was en uniuishedd look about the most recently, built rtreerts and rows of houeas, and a*1 though those were in themsalIves somewhat me"- ?-d esseatially ' Jrry-buiC,' they were not exactly ugly. Their intrueion upon the ger:.nry of Natnrl h.ad epared meny fin le 'rc and clulecrs of trtre whtiCh. int;rmi'clirg pleasantly wilth the bricks and moreert, veiled and eoltened the ini?rent oberu.ivre,--s of the pr?t?nticue nrchitcctornl linea- A lairly broad auid pretty ricer, willow.lfringed and rush-margeine,, likewimo lenot conciderabole attraction to the distriet througho which it wound lumauy a pic ture:'qpeo o~wep and band. The roe c. hou .co, in on? rf which I took up my ab-rde, back!cd on to thrl river, down to the breks oef which ran Ii:: enrrowestripo of gardne, f:em the rear of the buildings, rwhlls their wooeded charaetrc afforded a bright and ehcerful out look from the windows. There eoro not more rh~n half-n.adozn dwellings in Ohester .erircr, as it modestly called itself, and whe' I first came upon it and saw the words, Apartments for a Blnglo Gentleman.' in 4the w-indew of an end hbuce, I ldetermined :-s o-:e ;te Ungo'ist- flr toDu I : th~o- Was 1.o choice, for at the next door-the only other occupled tenement-there was nothlong to let ; the row did not appear to have been finished more than a few weeks. i The landlord was at home when I knocked, and a brass plate on the door Informed me that his name was Carstaok, engineer and surveyor The n-xt door. too, number five, bad another plate on it with the name, ' Mr. RIphal COaretack, Burgeon, eto.' In reply to my inquiry, the engincer begged me to walk in. Ite was effusively polite, but his voice was harsh, unpleasant, and not without a faint foreign accent. ' Would I be so good as to look at the rooms ?-on the first floor, bask and front. He was sure he would make me comfortable. Hie daughter in-law was an excellent cook -she lived next door with her husband, and came in and out to attend upon ledgers.' The terms belog low, I went upstairs to inspect. A comfortable sitting.room with bed-room adjoining behind, both simply but neatly furnished; the bed alone calling for any special mention. It was somewhat pecnllar.looking, from being very to*, iron without hangings, and for a single person, I agreed to engage the apartments for th inside of a fortnight. ' You have come to take part in our great military display. sir ' said Mr. Carstsak, watching me as I stood my rifle in a corner and unslung my knapsack, for of course I r was in uniform, and in heavy marching order-rather more heavy perhaps than I became a soldier. 'Ah it will be afine display-good practice and excellent training. It is an admirable movement, this, My eon I is a Volunteer and a capital shot, but he has not much time-doctors are busy men.' I expressed satisfaction, and the voluble e landlord continued : ' As you are here so soon, you will perhaps t enter the rifle competitilon, which takes place this week on the moor, There are many prizes-some very valuable, and open to all. comers, some.' r' Ah I indeed?' I said; ' Iam glad to know I that. Certainly I shall go in for a little I shooting. There should be an excellent range to be found on the moor.' SOh I yes, first rate, air; but excuse me, vou seem to speak as If you know the place. You are, perhaps. no stranger?' ' No; I knew Goldehester years ago.' 'RIeally? Do you know many of the inhabitants ' ' No; I suspect not now. Most of those I knew are dead, and others would not r remember me.' 'It to long, then, sinoe you were hero? s Many years porhapa?' continued Caretaok, t Inquisitively, and eyeing me furtively. ' And I your name, sir? your name might be known, r if not yourself ' ' My name is Garratt-Richard Garratt,' I answered, ' but I doubt if any of my family I are to be found in Goldchoeter now.' He appeared struck by the name, started at it almost, and then regarded me more curiously than ever. ' But now, perhaps, you will get me some thing to eat,' I went on, a little bored by the man's curiosity and manner. I had rapidly made up my mind that I did not like him. He had a sinister aspect and a bad face, though he was fairly good-looking;. dark, about sixty, and decidedly not wholly Englieh. The effect my name produced on him set me wondering if I could remember his as connected with the town and after a bit 1 did seem to recover a dim memory of it. Yes; it certainly was asesociatd somehow with my early days, but too vaguely to give me a lead as to any circumstances connected with it. I am naturally taciturn, and on his ooasion I felt unusually depressed. The return to the old place, the recollections it brought back, and the referenooce the man had made to my possible acquaintances in it, revived memories not exhilarating. So after awhile I went forth for a stroll while my meal was preparing. In the course of the ramble, I came across the head quarters of the local corpa, where a placard announced, with the full particulars of the rules, entries, eto., that the prizes for the Grand Rifle Competition on Goldstone Moor were 'now on view.' I road, became Interested, and went into the building. I determined to enter myself at least for the ' All-comers' ' Prize-a handsome silver-gill goblet, with a purse of twenty sovereigns, and there it stood amongst others on a sort of counter in front of me. I thought I should like to pull that off; it would be very aooeptable, and I was prepared to back my skill. I did so, by paying the necessary small fees to the attendant, had my name and that of my corps entered in the omicial list of competitors, and then looked over It. Amongst them was the name of Raphael Caretaok, doubtless that of my landlord's eon, the doctor. The shooting was to take place on the two following days, so I determined that I would not give way to the end memories which the neighbourhood revived, and that I should infinitely prefer two or three days on the open, breezy moor, after all, to spending them in wandering about the now, to me, lonely streets. Everything was satisfactory and comfort able at the lodgings, but the bedstead still attracted my attention. When stooping to look at it, I tried to push its head eloeo up to the wall ; to my amazement I found it could nut be moved. The short lege were riveted to tihe floor. Was there ever asuh a queer arrangement? And what could be its purpose! It stood isolated, facing the window, but, as I say, not with its head close to the wall; the space of a foot at least was between. WVell, I could not make it out, so I turned in and slept soundly. I may note that a second door in the room appeared to communicate with the next house, but had no look nor any sign of fastening on my aide. It ecemed to be a fixture, solid and without any apparent moans of being opened. The next morning I could not refrain from questioning the young woman-the daughter in-law-who served my breakfast, about the bed. She appeared unable, certainly un. willing, to expatiate on t1le eubject. It was some invention o liher fathur'a; he was always inventing ons thing or anothr-enho didn't understand them. A comely, intelli gent, but sad and seared looking woman, neat, handy, and attractive, but not quite of the stamp ons expects to find in the wife of a medioal man ; nor did her osaopatlon harmonise with her position. A ashe was about to leave the room she glanoed boack at meI u, and, putting her finger to her lips, said, l owering her voice : ' Don't ask about that bed, sir. Don't seem surprised at it. Take my advioe.' Then, walking olose up to me, she whis pered: ' Keep good friends with them--my father and husband I mean.' Startled andt urprised for a moment, I did not speak, and she was again about to leave I the room when I calloed her back peremp Itorily. ' What do you moann' I asked. ' I keep Sgood friends with everybody, I hop;e your ; father and husband are not likely to give me Soauo to break my habit, I supposo ?' 'I hope not; but they are dangerous to quarrel with.' * How long have you been married ' 'Not six months, and I wioh I'd never seoon him.' SDJace your husband ill treat you ?' ' Not quite that; very near. Bat 'm afraid oat them both.' Tearswere starting in horeycs, and she seemed on the point of unborthening her mind further when a footstep in the ptosaga belo, was audible, and sbo fl1v from the room like a frightened hare. SSoficiently myeterious all this,' I thought 'and not reaseoring. I moet kcep my eyes opoen.' Then. in a not quite comfortable frame of mind, I prepared for my shooting capedition, shouldored my rifl, and in the course of half-au-hour found myself one of many stragglers who were woending their way towards the rille-range, A bright and lovely spring morning, withoot wind, and with a soft. cabdued, yet clear light, it was all that a good shot could draire. I do not lingoer to decribo the scone. The arrtngements were orderly, end conducted after the usul msaonner of euohb gatherings. Volunteers from various neigh uoring corps made up the rquade of competitors for the various prlzoe at various ranges. Somewere entirely composed of the uniforms abelonging to the Goldhohster com pany, and two or three of thbja c:.ut..olly Selito with the sh.,o::eg :y:7 f?r the .:l names and qualitioations attested, and our rifles duly examined, after the customary loose and happy.go.lucky syntem, or want of system. which was adopted in those days, we marehod to the range in charge of a militia sergoant, and went through the preliminary stages ..! the competition. All this I paes over. It is enough that, in the coureo of the afternoon, I and three othere stood out as the four highest soerers, qualified to shoot off the last stage. Three otbere, and as their names were called out, I noted that of Iaphael Caretack. One look left no doubt that he was the son of his father-as like him as he could stare-and stare he did at me considerably. Nor did I fail to return his gaze, for it had gradually grown upon me that I knew his face. At last I caught it, but only just before we had arrived at the oritical moment of the ontoest. He and I had made. the two highest soires out of the four with a tie, and were about to shoot it off, at eight hundred yards. He was to fire first, and as he dropped on his knee In position, he gave me about as malioious a look as human eyes are capable of, and it was that look which told me where I had seen him before.. He was that young recalcitrant fellow in my old company who had insulted me on parade five years ago I Burely an ominous coincidence this-our being brought together agai under these ciroumstances and in more direct opposition than ever I Whether his temper, stirred by his old animosity and increased by our present poeition, affeoted his shooting, I do not know. But in his five rounds he failed to score what was possible by some three or four points-the consequence being that I went in, beat him easily, and was pronounoed winner of the prize. The venom in his eyes, it Is needless to say, was not diminished after this, nor did any civil effort of mine at eonuiliatilo affect it. I thought it better not to refer to the past-he appeared to do the same. The few words we exhbanged referred almost exzluelvely to the business on hand; and although I made some e referenoe to my having taken up myabode ander his father's roof, he Ignored that fact, being too mush occupied i lihe meal he was making off his own heart with disgust, mortification, and hatred of me, for having snatohed the goblet and the twenty pounds from his grasp. As the end of the day, as I returned to the lodgings, I thought to myself : ' Well, whatever bis young wife may have meant, fate has ordained that I should fly in the very face of her advice I' I had qoarrelled most effectually with one member of her family, and by no fault of my own. As bed time arrived, my mind naturally reverted more than ever to the girl's reticence about that immoveable bedstead, and I gave It closer examination. This showed we that the legs dropped into little sonkets or holes in the floor, and could not be lifted out of them. This looked as if it might be connected with the room beneath. Then what was beneath ? Merely the ground floor bask-the landlord's sleeping apart. ment. The window overlooked the garden behind. Spring twilight still lingered in the sky, and, as I looked out, I saw father and eon down at the end of the garden amoug the boshbes alose to the river. They were both attentively regarding my window at the instant I drew up the blind. When they saw me they faced round, as it disliking being caught spying. There was nothing in all this, very likely ; yet after what had passed it was not to be overlooked. Again I soon turned in, hout did not sleep well. At first I was strangely reetless, and later heavily drowsy and dream.troubled, Young Carstaok and his father appeared to be etanaing on either aide of the bed, and then one became my own father-long dead. Then they both stooped ever me, and they both had my father's fsoe close to mine. Then I was out on the moor by the butts firing was going on, bullets whizzed rouod my head; one struck me on the arm. and I saw in the distance that it had been fired by young Caretack. He was aiming at me again I In my frantio efforts to get under shelter I awoke. This sort of thing seemed to go on more or lees all night, but when up and dressed I did not feel much the worse. There awaited me on the breakfast table a somewhat bulky envelope, containlng a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at home, to whom Ihad sent my address the night of my arrival in Chester Terrace. Ase I was about to tear the outer enveolope I noticed that it was soiled, and on a closer scrutiny it looked very much as if it might have boon damped and opened after it had been stuck down. Yes, it certainly had been tempered with. Again, I fancied that the enclo'ure,a long blue envelope like a lawyer's, had been troated in the same way. How.. over, I did not stop to coneider, for I was ignorant of the handwriting and curious to learn rho contntts. I way not accustomed to receive lawyer's letters. Well indeed might I have booeen curious, for the document announced that, most unexpectedly, a certain valuable property, aetoally in Goldeheeter itself, had been left me by an undle just deceased. It had belonged to my father, but, shrough some irregular technicality in his will, had not devolved upon me at his death an I know it ought to have done. Ten years ago I had had a lawsuit about this property, and lost it. And now hero it was bequeathod to me I My uncle and I had qo arrelled over it. and had not met foryears. L did not know till this moment even where he had been living. And now it turned out he had lived and died In Goldahoeter, and had been buried the day before my arrival. The loiter oame from a local lawyer, had boon sent to my home,and forwarded thence to me here again at Goldchester. SIranger still, and yet still stranger-the property consisted of the very land on which this now suburb, with Cheoter Terrace in the ceontre of it, had been built, This discovery, arrived at only after closeo and attentive perusal of the letter now in my b hand, literally took my breath away. The bare facts here condensed most be accepted Sas asflieient, briefly to explain a very com. plieted business. Bet they are the facts, . and that is all that is wanted. I did not apand that day as the rifle range, Sas may be guuased. It was mainly paseed in the solicitor'o offo, and with him in visiting my unelo'e reeideooo-a new house reoently a built on the estate. A ehildleee, lonely, un-o rloved old man, the, solicitor noomed to have been nearly his only friend. That gentleman, in the course of our long confabulation, told me many thinge ,conecerning him ; one matter espoolally adding coucalderably to the ourious coinmi I donece which had already associated me with the CarataokL. It seeoms that my nnlen's will, by which I inherited, had Sbeen made four years previously, hut that abouta week boefore his death, he had had I another doawn, whicih he, fortunately for ame, had not signed. By it he had left \- that notable o0tito to none other than youn; Mr. IRphael Caretack, the doctor who had been attending him ever since he settled il the neighbourhood. '11o is a sharp, knowing fellow, that,' said the lawyer, 'and acquired great in fluence over your enalo. I am only eurpriaen that he did not take care to see that the will was execrted. I drew both up the dooe. monts, and have them in my possession, and I was daily expectinog to be summanod to the old goentlcmu with his second one, that he might sigu It. It is etrange how people change their minds. Four years ago, when he was firt ill, your uoslo was keenly anxious that you esould have the property-made you Bis e icoutor with me-told me he regretted having availed himsrelf of the legal inncouraey, whilah gave it to him instead of to you. 'rhen this youog doctor got hold of him, m-amerised him, as one may say, I sup. pcec, for a while, and indouced him to alter the dispooition of blo wealth ; and yet the old man coil I not cero up his mind io die. posness you. Anyway, you have nothing to thask the doctor for-nor he, yeu, for the matter of that-there will be no love lost between you.' 'No, indee1,' I crolaim"d, and then I re counted to the solioltor my orexperiences of the Caretac an.eily. ' Yeo,' he ?id, ' il is very odd, ecrtainly, that you going there as the lodger, should actually, while nuder their roof, be trans formed into the ground landlord of the whulole estata.' ' Well,' I said, * I think I shall move my trap'. The eooner I get away the better now, ronmembering what Mira. Raphael aOsr. ata:c caid; for, lottiog albno the shootinog "tr: I osuld not havo more tho~rooghly eneurred tue doolr'st' animuity than by outting him out of the property.' ' Perhaps it would be as well,' said the lawyer,' for, to tell you the truth, neither father nor son is quite beyond suspioioo. The elder man originally lived in a very low part of the town, and came there no one exactly knows when or why. There Is a rumour teat at one time in his life be was kept in retirement for his ouantry's good, and although his son Is fully qualified to practise, it is said that, at a medical student in London, he was connected with some professor of meemerism and spirit rapping, a oharlatan who had to make himself soarce. I should never be astonished So hear that this fellow has to do the same some day. He has little or no practice-seems to bvery needy, and I have heard that he and hie father took these two adjoining hooses In Chester Terrace with the idea of establishing a sort of mesmeric hospital, or something of that kind. The bad yoo mention, probaoly, to some scheme in that direction. ' What does he oartify my uncle died off' I asked elgnifloantly. 'Angina Paocorsl; but I believe that's all straight enough. It would have been Oarstaok'e policy to have kept him alive as long as he could, or until that seoand will was ligned.' Forther coneideration determined me, now that money was no object, to move to one of the hotels ; but the three beet were quite full, owing to the influx of visitors and volunteers for the review. Four other attempts to get into second-class lnns failed for the same reason, Then I laughed at my weakness. What had I to lear at Chester Terrace? Belog there, there I would stay until the review was over. My co-executor the lawyer and I dined together that night. We ,leoided that I should say nothing to the Ourstaoks on the ourious way in which fate had mixed the young doctor with my affaire. I would wait and see if they took any notion of it. The father let me in, handed me a ohamber candle with his usual politeness, but made no reference to the matter, and I finally went to bed, sleeping fairly well. But the following night-the Good Friday Eve matters name to a climax indeed. Nothing particular occourred at the distribution of the prizes, which took place in the afternoon. I received mine from the hands of the aicyorees of Goldahester, and brought it home. Mr. Raphael Garetack did not show up, and his father told me apologetically that he had a patient to see at a great distance, and probably would not return home till the morrow. The fellow ostentatiously inspected and admired the goblet, eyed the purse conningly, and congratolated me. Naturally I liked him less and less the more I saw of him, and now that bedetime had again come round, I had a greater distaste than ever for my situation. But for the lateness of the hour, I really think I would have gone out and hired a bed at any common publiohouse. But I must pass over the oonfilot of feeling with which, about midnight, I lay down for the last time on that bed that oould not be moved. The silence of the house and noeighbour hood was entirely undisturbed. The moon. light shone dimly through the half. curtained window. I was tired, and all but my troubled, misgiving spirit seemed pro. piltous for sleep, and to sleep I went in lime. How much of what followed was dream, and how much reality-except the end, which was real enough, heaven knows l it is impossible to determine. But hero is my experience. As had occurred two nights before, it seemed to me that the father and son were on either side of the bed, bending over me, but always with my own father's faceoo In aoh ease; but not, as previouely, creating any distrees in my mind. Their presence rather had a soothing effect now than other. wise; so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that they wore sending me to sleep; and I know no more of how long I so re mained, or what happened in the interval, until-well, until I found myself plunged into the ioe-cold water of the river at the foot of the garden, swimming for doear life to the bank I I am no psychologist, and do not pretend to explain what mental condition I ned passed into ; but the end of that condition, whatever it was, is simply that I was aroused from it by finding myself in the midst of the deep, flowing river, the full moon sebining bright and high above my head, glittoering on the water and revealing all objects as clear as day. Fortunately, I was a good swimmer; otherwiseo I must have been drowned. As it was, after the plunge-how taken I know not -I came to the surface wide awake enough, as may be supposed, and, before I had time almost to he surprised, was standing cafe on the shore in my night-dress. Then euch a turmoil of amazement, inoredulity, and breathless wonder, not unmingled with terror, took possession of me that, for many minutes, I could only loan, panting, against a tree. Ere I had in the least steadied my mind, the two Carstacks stood beside me with out-etrothoed hands, proffore of assistaneoo, and wild expressions of surprise and horror. 'Good heavens, sirl' they criod, elmul taneously, ' what has happened ? What have you been doirg? You most have been walking in your elsep I' I could not answer, and the older con tinued: 'We heard your door open; my son had just roturned, and we wore sitting talking. We heard your door open, I oay, and your footetops going downstairs; we heoard you unlook the back door and go out; and when you did not come back after several minutes, voe thought it so strange that we both came 3ut to look for you, and then we suddenly saw you standing here I What can it meorn Pray come indoors, Let us help you.' Still bowildered, but gradually recovering somewhat of my prsonooe of mind, I hurried with them bank to the house, inso the land' lord'e front room, where there was a fire. Nothing could he n:oro solicitous than their bshaviour. The yoeng doutor gave ma some brandy, and they both aelively helped to dry and reelothe me, It would be impoviblo to renount in detail a tonth-part of ohat was said on either hand. Such a confliot of astonishment, and eolioitude, and atteupta at explanation wont on in wild and diejointed expressions, that I suppose two hours paessed before I wont upstairs again; the outeome ibeing that thuro seemed no way of Occounting for whet hlad happened savo the original one offared, namely, that I had keen walking In my sloop. This Idoubted from the first. I had never done euoh a thing beforeo--know perfeotly well I had never teon subjeot to som unmbalism. Onoo sgain alone in my rooms, an examine tion of them throw no lighs on the molter. The bed merely looked as It would when one leaves it after restless sleep, nd the looekleoe side-door into the next house remoinad firm shut. The prizo purse, however, with its twenty eovereigne, which I had plaaed in my trousers poacket, had disappeared I The garment had been brooght to mo when dresaino below stairs, and the money might have fallen out there, But I waos too shakenod and fatigeed to dietrose myseolf further then, so I dropped into the easy-ohair in theeliting. room. Tho spring dawn soon began to break all was perfectly still once moro, and I was beginning to dezo, when the very faintoest sound ol a footstep on the landing aroused me. Tho door openood, and Mrs, Raphaeol entered, more soared and foear-atricken than ever. 'I cannot seeoo murder done,' abshe whlu* pared hurriedly, as she came lip-tot towards me. ' Leavo this house. HIo made you do what he wisebhed, I have heard him boast of sooh thigs. He made you walk of your own asoord Into the river, hoping youen would drown. They little thought I was weatahing. I darero not stop to explain if I could. They might hear me, and would serve me the sosma-they will make away wlth me esom day, I know. Promlisoe not to let out what I say-eooly don't trust that bed agsin, and don't speak of meo. Fromie to be silent.' I vainly tried to detain her ac She thun flew from the room, and I heard her, a few mintlre later, lighting the firo down in the kitohen with an aestentation of noise. It was jusl as I had anp.ct:3, thebn I The cxtraordinary uondition which had over. taken me was doue to some m~sterious trickery connected wisth habt bed-some magneto.electrio hanky-panky in whioh this young doctor might have become an adept through his former assoclation with that spirit-rapping impostor spoken of by the lawyer. That was my conclustion as soon as a had time to pull my wits together. What the precise nature of the process was, no one, probably, could say, Nor, for the aske of the poor woman, would I inquire too auriously-at least, not for the present. Equally for her sake I had abstained from asking Carstack about the bed previously. No I I would quit the house forthwith, but without, if possible, arousing euspicion, and, i if possible, without encountering these two r villains again. Therefore, I employed the a next hour in quietly packong my knapsack r and bag, etc. At seven o'clock I went downstairs, foeeliogere that the men would I be asleep, and calling quietly to Mrs. SRaphael, said: SI am going out, but shall be back to breakfast at ten,' Then I hurried away, fully saeoutred, and I reached my friend the lawyer's before he wasee ua p. An explanation followed, and we decided to send one of his clerks to pay what I I owed in Coester Terrace, and to say that I was onexpeatedly prevented from returning. Thus I passed the Good Friday, and, e considering all things, settled to give up the review and return home on the Saturday, I and did so. My changed fortunes implied a changed life, involving much business. P Whatever views I might have formed for ultimately looking further into my mys. terious experience, and, if possible, of punishing the culprits, were never carried out, for the simple reason that, within a fortnight, letters from my solicitor contained I the following information : 'Your friends, the arsetacks, are in trouble The wife of the younger was yesterday morning found dead in anr bed, and there is so muooh mystery, I am told, about the cause of her death, that father and son lie under grave suspicion.' Later on, the following camo to hand: 'The inquest has failed to solve the mystery. All the doctors could say was that death had arisen from failure of the hear,'s action, though how caused, there was no evi denoe to show. A verdict to that etfect, therefore, was returned. But that there was foul play somehow may bea inferred from the fact that the two Caretacks have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is going to be done with their belongings. Mean while, an examination of the two houees has led to the discovery of an electric battery of great power placed directly beneath your reo markable bed and connected with it; whilst wires from it were conducted to another bed in the doctor's house ezatly similar to youre, and on which the poor woman was found. I am not scientific, and do not pretend to ez. plain the working of such mysterious forms ; but these discoveries have been sufficient to indues the authorities to isose warrants for the apprehension of. both men, on the charge of contriving the death of young lire. Carstaek.' They were never caught-never heard of again at Goldohester. This was in 1864. Last year I paid a visit to the States, and, in a prosperous town, far away in the West, a doctor had established himself, who pro. fessed to effect wondrous cures by electrialty and mesmerism. A pamphlet, leaned by him, on the quack dootor pattern, fell into my hands. In it 1 read, amidst a mass of impudent verbiage, his argument to the effect that, as electricity was a marvellous agent in curing hysteria, epileptic fits, etc., so could it be turned to useful account as a great mesmurio curative agent, on the principle of like curing like lIo urged that soothing, beneficial trances could be produced by the patient reooliningon a certain bed, which he had patented, and through which galvanism could be applied after the manner in which electric bathe are given. Need it be said that those words struck me? I took a look at his establishment, and found a that it called itself ' The Mesmeric Hoscital,' conducted by Dr. Gableton. But as strange coinildenoes seemed destined to be associated with this matter to the last, I happened, whilst gazing at the house from the opposite side of the street, to observe a middle.aged man some out, in whom I had no difficulty in recognising, despite the lapse of more than twenty years, Mr. Raphael Carstack. He did not see me, and, as I was passing through the place, I did not think it my business to trouble myself with him or his doings. But the fact makes a signifloant end to my story, which, perhaps, would not have been written but for it.-"All The Year Bound." 