1 |TAL£S AND SKETCHES. | A PRINCE OF THE BLOOD. ; M Bv JAMES PAYN, sfivnon .df "Lost Snt Massikgbebd," "By " Sjfitoxv, : ' The Heir of the Ages, " &c.; , &c.; ' $4# Chatter XXXHL— Half Mast High. 1 ri'wAfter the social storm which had threatened damage to the little community of casta- fiSggajs, thero ensued a. culm in Faybur. The r'|i?SlSirder of Mr. Marston, though its perpetrators 'Jpaincd undiscovered, .produced a very deep \- "iect ; and, while it shocked the majority, very -mci&uj; auueicu i,uv uiuiuuulcuui. iu tut; mttci esse, perhaps the fear of discovery induced good behavior in the most of them, but, at all ofcnl?, there was no further outbreak, cither of . fpukcancss or insubordination. "jThc continuance of bad weather still pre vented the other natives of Breda from visiting the island, but the two that had accompanied tfjc prince had made themselves so pleasant and ; situseful as to afford the mostlivel v hopos of con- gprd between their fellow-countrymeu and the imp's company. As to Tarilntn himsolf, tho fijlseuess of the accusation against him having (jiice been admitted, public feeling veered Ijund in his favor, and his gentle and gonial legalities being thus afforded n fair chnnco of appreciation, ho became extremely popular. A' few only held aloof from him, the degraded mgte and his three myrmidons, Mellor, Rudgc tsd Murdoch, tho prince comes to harm through any git of your friends," the captain had informed Mr, Bates, with a vigor of language which llfodcrn type would he at a loss to reproduce, .and I fail for tho second time in bringing the murder home to any one of you, ns sure as mi- lams i is Henry Head I'll hang you ail four" — a JWrniog that had the happiest effect ia putting : « notion of pistolling the prince out of their roods; ns to attacking him without firearms, gid in no greater disproportion of force than .Jpur to oue, they had not so much as onter- tsiaed tho idea of it. Mr. Bates never saw Tarilam without a certain swimming of tho Bad, producod by tho recollection of being SI nt nrm's length over the precipice 3 f a far worthier life than his own bad ' A "s Cn ' nn "10 narrative of that . . Bpcrionce, told with much personal feeling, if 5 dramatic artifico,had had a most whole- eec upon his three friends. T from the sentimental, or Paul-and Virginia jr i view, the attractions of snch an island ! vsJhur wcro manifest. It was quito tho Bsce t for two young lovers to dwoll in, "the I Sorid forgetting, by the world forgot," till ' An , '0( 'ugcther on tho same day in one i. mo liter s arms ; but it did not afford scopo !»?"? r energies of upwards of 100 K iu rs' there was not enough work Su„ .m,'0,0' 0Dd too littlo room for play, a. £ , 'bt limited interest iu literature, !» J tonl tho fact that only a very iow of Se?J could read. Under Edith's auspices, f , 'ndeed had become a better scholar S 33 almost any of them except tho officers. 2 1!0 wroto but the captain, who kept a "inch ho called a log, and which was dfc!!!i cn.VS'1 ' merit its title. Convorsa- i :|e ""pushed in the tents for want of a : (Lflv er esoclroumstanees it was only natural ; fcvo'u'0 a 'nn,dered man, whose assassin had been discovered, was buried in tho place, hn.t should occasionally be seen. no' seon in largo towns, hut m ,tM| where monotony and some poor f lS'? for imagination beget them. With fchini. u s «wepKon of the Phanton Ship, I. M something professional about it to exenso its appearance, ghosts arc only seen at sea under tho most appropriate circnmstances, r. e., in a dead calm. Captain Head felt it to ho a bad sign that poor Mr. Marston did not rest in tho grave which had been dun- for him in the most beautiful spot in the whole island, but must needs walk all over it, and meet the very last inea ia the ship's company whom ho would have chosen to consort with during life. Mellor and Itudgc had both seen him, and had had fits in cousequencc. It was whispered that Murdoch was in the con- stant habit of seeing him, though ho was very reticent upon the matter himself ; that Mr. Bates remained in iris tent, as obstinately as Achilles, after nightfall, for fear of being addressed by his quondam brother officer, albeit, when in the flesh they had not been on speaking terms. If the vision had been con fined to these scoundrels, they might have been welcome to it, but others had seen it, or thought they had seen it, and the whole morale of tho camp was getting endangered by the superstition. The captain, who suspected n trick, rather encouraged testimony in order that ha might get to the root of tho matter. One evening William Dean asked for a few words in private with him. The gunner was known to be a good fellow, though lie had been carried away by tho late whirlwind of indignation aroused by Bates against the princo, and was by no means a liar — indeed, he had not tho imagination for it. "Cap'n," he said, very gravely and rcspcct- fnlly, " I've seen somcthink just now." "Very good ; I am glad you came to toll me at once," was the sardonic reply ; " one likes to have the very latest information from the spirit world " "But I am not sure as he teas a spirit." "Oh, this is anew phaso. Mr. Marston has come to life again has ho ? " "It was not Mr. Marston, cap'n. It was the Malay." ".What do you mean ? Tho man that came over with the Bredan folk ? " "Yes, sir." " Nevertheless, not half an hoar ago, I saw him as sure as my name is William Dean." ".Whore? " . . "-"Not 50 yards from the look-out. He soemcd to be coming away from it, though that could hardly be, as the man on duty saw nothing of him. " Who is the man on duty ? " "Matthew Murdoch." The captain's face became very grave. " Now just say how it happened." " Well, I thought I would climb up the cliff to have a pipe and see how the wind lay ; it was falling a bit, and the sea going down all round, they told mo. When I was within twenty feet rtf f hntntv rtr fin. throrn sfnnrl n mnn throrn Vtv himself, who was looking right down into the camp. Ho kept himself behind a bush, hut 1 saw him before ho saw me, and he was not a white man." " Why should ho not have been one of the prince's men ?" "Because I had left them both below. More over, he had only a wnistcloth, such as tho Malay wore. The sight of him upset me, and I stumbled ; the noise made him glance towards me, and onr eyes met, and the Malay it was sore enough. Ho was off like a bird, and into the bush in a moment." " Did you run after him ?" " No ; I knew it was no good. I went to the flagstaff ; Murdoch had his back to me, but heard me coming. " They are quiet enough down there I supposo," ho said. " What did ho mean by that ?" " Well, 1 guess ho thought I was somebody else." The captain look in all the possibilities at a glance. A spy on tho island, and Murdoch in traitorous communication with him— ambush and massacre. " And when he found ont it was you ?" "He started a bit ; then, says I, I have seen the Malay. What Malay ? he asks, as qnict as since he had come out on the watch." " And what do you think about it William Dean?" " As far as tho Malay is concerned, sir, I don't think about it, 1 am sure of it. As to tho other, I don't wish to got any man into trouble, though Murdoch's no.mate of mine." " Quite right. Youcan keep a still tongue in your head, I know. Now, say not a word to anybody, hut send tho first mate here at once." Mr. Redmnyno was now first mate in Mr. Marston's room, the vacancy caused by Bates' degradation having been filled up by Arthur White, the midshipman. Ho was hut a young hand for such a place, and indeed there was no ono now save Mr. Reilmayne and the surgeon on whose authority and judgment tho captain could rely. Within 10 minutes Mr. Redmavno had started with eight men armed to the teeth, to make tho circuit of the island to search for canoes. If the Malay was really in Favbur, he must have come by boat, in spito of the heavy weather. Such light vessels as wcro used iu Breda could of course bo carried up from the shore and hidden in the bush, but hardly, un less carried by many hands, without leaving some sign of their passage on the sand. To search tho island itsolf beforo daylight was useless. A littlo boforo midnight tho party returned without result. No canoo had been discovered, but at the north end of tho island, opposite Breda, there were indentations in the sand which somo thought had boon caused by tho hauling up of a canoo, and others not. They vnm inrlictinwf onrl FTio mipgfinn wn? lll'tu I luutunuuvj uuw V"" whether they had been rondored so by design, or who t her tho marks wcro solely accidental. The noxt day tho wholo island was thoroughly in vestigated by scouting parties, who came upon tho distilling apparatns which had boon tho causo of so much ovil, and destroyed it ; in viow of which achiovomcnt tho expedition could hardly bo said to have beon labor in vain ; bnt no trace of any alien visitor was discovered. Upon the wholo, the captain was inclined to think that William Dean s Malay was made oi tho same material ns furnished for others Mr. Marston's ghost ; bnt, like a wiso man whoso motto is "No risk," he caused tho night rounds to bo more frequent, practisod beating to quarters to such perfection that evory man was at his post in a fow seconds, end enacted that two men instead of one should always keep watch at tho look-ont. A fow days after these arrangements had been made, Mr. Redmayno and Mr. White had tho good luck to come npoQ what would at a .seaside nlaeost home have made the fortune of. the locality ; a bay of shells, or rather a hay of sand, beneath which such a treasure of sholls as only a child's im agination could have pictured. They were of all sizes, some of them reaching to such propor tions that a single one would in onr English gardens have sufficed for a grotto, and of the most splendid colors. In hue, indeed, they resemblo nothing so much as those gorgeous sen anemones which line, ns with precious stones, tho Gouliot Cave in Snrk ; or those too brilliant mushrooms which a beuevoleut society has paiuted for us in colors and labelled "edible," without finding a human being with tho courage to touch them. The two discoverers, though by no means given to " gush " over the wonders of nature, wero carried by tho spectacle into unaccustomed regions of speculation. "How strange, it seems." observed the nowlv nrnmnted mirlr\\- " that things so marvellously beautiful, and so fitted to delight the eye, should bo covered with sand." " Depend upon it, everything is ordained for the best," relumed Mr. Redmayno gravely. " Thiuk what a pleasure it will be to Miss Edith to discover them for herself 1 At tho same time I wish — while nature was about it — that tiie hay had beon placed a little nearer to the camp." It was, in fact, almost at tho northern extremity of tho island, at the very place where Edith had met with such rough treatment from tho distillers, where the cliffs wero tho most sheer and the vegetation most luxuriaut. It was nothing of a walk, however, to one like herself, in the highest state of vigor, to which, thanks to tho exhilarating climate and her wholesome mode of life, one of her sex could attain, and the attractions of the place, a6 Mr. Redmayno had foreseen, wero overpowering to her. He himself had piloted her to the spot, where her pleasure at tho spectacle gave him ten times the enjoyment ho had experienced when beholding it for tho first time, but she was never weary of visiting it, no matter who were her companions. When it wns possible, UUntiTliI) till, AlCUIUttUv HI II VJ 3 AA-IUUv Uliti VI her escorts, a privilege to which, under the circumstances, nc thought he had a reasonable claim. The expedition was rather beyond Aunt Sophia's pedestrian powers, and sho con tented hcrselt witli tho gloating ovor the shelly treasures her niece brought home with her iu such profusion that their littlo home soon resembled some haunt of the mermaids. One morning Edith started for " Shell Bay," as it was called, as usual, accompanied by the prince and the first mate. On their last visit a strange bird of uncommon size had beon seen hovering over the spot, and Mr. Iledmayne had therefore provided himself with a rifle, peace having so long reigned at Fuybur that the edict Jifffiinsfc thft Wfistft nf rrnrmmvilpr wn<t in enmn degree relaxed. At tho moment of their depar ture, however, his presence was required iu connection with the storage of some dried provisions ; while hardly had he hurried off when a message from the captain, requiring the personal services of the princo in respect to the yam plantation, which had been established under his auspices, took away Edith's remain ing escort. As both her companions promised to rejoin her, however, directly tho public service had been attended to, she saw no reason for postponing the pleasure she had promised herself. They could travel, of course, much faster than she could, and would probably over take her before she reached tho bay. The road took her by the look out, where, as it happened, Murdoch and Mellor were on duty. They sainted her respectfully, but she returned the civility with coldness and'very hurriedly ; sho distrusted both tho men, and had a firm con viction that the guilt of Mr. Marston's murder lay at Murdoch's door. The sight of liim was hateful to her, and dashed her spirits, though it was so far satisfuctory to know that his duties for the day would prevent him from coming across her on her proposed expedition. Hardly had she passed thorn, when ouc of them cried out to tho other ; she looked back, and saw the flag descending the staff — a piece of care- lessness in him who had charge of it which might well have aroused tho reproof of his companion. Nevertheless, she noticed on sur- mouuting tho next hill — where sho stood still a moment to rest herself — that the flag still remained half-mast high, as though the halyards had got twisted. Cjiapter XXXIV. — The Blow Pipe. The day was a most lovely one even for Fay- ; bnr, and the sea, which lmd recently beon of milder mood, was showing even more pro- uounced signs of calm. In a fow dayB at farthest thore would be arrivnlsfrom Breda ; the comiug of the king had little interest for her, but she looked forward with somo excitement to the visit from Majnba which Tarilam had promised her so soon as tho fine weather should set in. She had a great curiosity, mixed with a certain apprehension, to seo what Majuba was like. " I hope," Aunt Sophia had said in her simple way, "that sho will not bo tnttoed everywhere, or have feathers in her hair." This was not very likely, but it was not im possible, and Edith felt that any traco of savagery in Turilatn's sister would bo n shock to her. Sho was thinking of this and of mat ters generally connected with her present life, in a manner which somo months ago would have seemed impossible ; the old life had not passed away from her, for now and again it returned to her with great force and distinct ness of regret, but it had been marvellously superseded by the now. Though so much that had made up what wo call homo was wanting ia it, Faybur had become in its way a homo to her. This was a suhititution less difficult to effect in her case than in another's, sinco what makes homo most worthy of the name had long been unknown to her ; tho central figures round tho hearth in place of father and mother had been those of her nncle and her cousin, of whom, dead and gono though they were, she could not trust herself to think, because thoy had been her Charley's enemies. Had any one near and dear to her romoined in England — thus sho reflected upon the mattor without dar ing to say to herself " Had Charlio been alive' this transference of her home sympathies would have been impossible. But, in truth, sho no longer looked upon the island with nlion oyos. (It did, in fact, holdall she come bo said to lovo ; for though wo love tho dead, it is in another fashion.) Its incomparable scenes of beauty, whilo they still fascinated her, had grown familiar ; her observation of nature had become extraordinary acnte. though it fell far shott of that of Tatilam. She knew the trees by tho music which the wind evoked from thorn, tho flowers by tboir per fume, and even the herbs by the fragrance they omitted beneath her tread. Tha « onlv was strange to her ; it was not like that ocean of which sho had hadso hitter an experience; those unknown islands in the horizon gave it a certain mystery from which she shrank. To-day they seemed nearer than usual, and Breda, of course, the nearest. Sho had no wish to visit it ; the idea of so doing filled her with vaguo aversion, which the prince, having perceived, had hence forth forebore to speak about his homo. It was curious that while ho so willingly gave him self up to self-reflection, Edith avoided it ; one of the reasons which had caused hor to wel come so trifling a matter as the discovery of tho sholls was that it gavo hor occupation ; she disliked being left, as now, to her own company and her own thoughts. If they reverted to the post they distressed her ; if they concerned themselves with the future thoy were equally hopeless, though necessarily more indefinite. She nreferred to live in the rcrn. sent, from day to day ; without retrospection and without forecast ; a stato of emotion in direct contrast to that to which she had formerly bcen accustomed. She was glad, therefore, sinco she had not beon rejoined by either of her late companions, when she found herself at hor journoy's end. It was not much to do, but it was better than ttiinking, to disinter from their sandy beds these splendid shells, almost as valu- ablo in a European mart as precious stones, and ten times more beautiful Of their scientific names — if, indeed, they were known to science — she know nothing ; nor even the terms applied to their formation. She did not even know the difference between a cronated and a dentated shell ; hut she was charmed by their exquisite lovoliness or their imperial splendor. Some were diaphanous, and, being held up to the light, disclosed secret chambers, "pavilions of tender green;" others, though opaque, resembled pyramids of glowing flame. Sho was pushing away the sand from a specimen whicli struck her as being lovelier than the rest when suddenly she became aware that she was not alone ; two figures which had suddenly emerged from the towards her with great speed. In her extreme surprise sho made no attempt to escape, which, indeed, must have been utterly futile, nor was she very much alarmed, since from the look of the men she took them at first for tho prince's two attendants ; but as they drew nearer sho peiccived that, though dressed in similar attire, and probably of the same race, tliev were not tho men she knew, and wero armed with clubs. With noiseless swiftness they ran up and seized her nrms, and each, placing a hand behind her, begau to impel her towards the spot from which they came. Sho neither assisted their movements nor resisted them, bnt was borne along in cilon<ft flin wlinln frnnencUnn eanmA/1' fn n kind of hideous nightmare, iu which she bad no volition. As they rounded the reef, boy/- ever, they came face to face with the Malay, whom she recognised, whilo beyond hini,' somo quarter of a mile away, was a canoe drawn up on the sand. Then at once it flashed upon her : that nothing less than her abduction was in- teaded. aud she uttered a hitter cry of distress and despair. It was echoed, or so it seemed,' from the top of the cliff, which in that furthermost-bay was as sheer as the precipice where Mr. Marston had met his death; though somewhat more closely hung with creepers. Down this path less steep was fluttering something winged and white like a bird with - a broken wing. She scarcely recognised it for what it was, so incre dible did it appear that any hnraan being should venture to descend that airy steep, yet some thing within her whispered " Tarilam."- She had eyes for nothing save that terrible descent, which was apparently accomplished in safety. Still, against three men, two of them littlo inferior in staturo to himself, what, though he had reached the bottom unarmed, could even his prowess effect. She felt that he was about to rush towards her, and unarmed precipitiito himself upon her captors, two of whom carried darts and the Malar a long knife. Then he would bo slain boforo her eyes, and the sacri fice of his priceless life would hare been made iuvaiu. No sooner did ho touch tho ground, however, . than ho ran like an arrow, not toward herself, but in tho direction of the canoo. A. cry of alarm burst from the three moo, who perceived his object more quickly than she did, and the. Malay and one savage darted forward to pre vent his carrying it into effect, while the other snatched up Edith in his brawney arms and followed after them at scarcely less speed. The canoe was much nearer to her captors than to Tarilam, and though his swiftness was snch that he went three feet to their two, they reached it first. As they stooped to branch it, however, he was within a fow yards of them, and, stooping sud denly, took up a huge stone. They dropped their burthen, and the Malay drew his knifo from its sheath and the savago a littlo instru ment from his bosom — it was a blow- pipe. Tarilam made a foint of throwing tho stone at them, which caused them to jump aside from tho canoe, at which ho instantly aimed it. It struck the frail bark in the centre and shattered it to atoms. Thou he turned back and flew nt tho man who was carrying Edith. The savage put hor down, but twisted his hand in her long hair, by which he grasped her firmly. He looked at the broken canoe and the coming foo and gnashed his teeth ; all means of cscapo were cut off from him, and he read aright in tho prince's eyes a sentence of immediate death. Some thing, however, was still left him — vengoance. H raised his club, and was about to brain liis defenceless and half-fainting captive, when a sharp report rang out from the cliff top, and n bullet crashed through his brain. Jtlo fell, aud would have dragged Edith with him but that TarUam's arm was already around hor waist. Sho clnng to him, but he gently nntwined her arms and placed her so that his form inter posed itself as a shield bctwoen her and a now danger. At tho report of the gun, which, it is needlessto say, had beon thus opportunely fired by Mr. Reduinyne, the Malay had instantly dashed across the sands into tho woods ; hut the remaining saTage, whilo equally recognising that tho fortune of war was against him, and evon doubtless crediting his cnemios with supernatural assistance, entertained no thought either of flight or submission. A gesture of astonishment at the noise and . smoke of the riflo, and tho fatal effect upon his eomrado, had boon extorted from him for the moment, bnt he bad immediately recovered bis prosonco of mind, and with malig nant deliberation was advancing towards the prince and Edith with his blow pipe at his mouth. It seemed strange thst such, a little toy should excito in so dauntless a breast so in- tense an apprehension as Tarilam now exhi bited ; not, indeed, on his own account, since lie so freely offered himself as a mark for it, bat no hen threatened by hawk ever exhibited a more passionate anxiety to protect her littla ones than the princo now manifested to screen his charge. His nostrils dilated with terror, his bronzed face took a hue more near to pallot than would have soomcd to bo possible ; he stood like ono who sees hovoring o'er his head tho vory angel of death, and listens perforce to tho boating of her wings. Onco more the rifle rang out from the cliff top, bnt this time without effect ; it was fired from a lower elevation, but the marksman in the net of descendiag by azig-zag route, as quickly as.thc nature of tho ground pormittod, had not taken so true an aim ; tho savage half turned hlfl liPrtfl of ffirt vnnrtef t T_ : ' — " V..W UUU VU lUUKIUg uguio towards his intended victims beheld Tarilam within 10 fe6t of him, a flying incarnation oi rago. The next moment both were on th« ground, their hands on one another's throats, fit a death grapple. It did not last long. Edith know that it could not. She watched it with hor ror, but not so far as Tarilam was concerned with apprehension ; man to man a struggle with tho prince she was well convinced could liavo bnt ono ending. Presently he rose, leaving his adversary stretched motionless on the ground, and staggered towards her. She flew to meet him, and in her turn strove to support his tot tering form. " Has ho wounded yon, my prince?" she cried, with passionate solicitude. "No, dear, he has killed me," ho answered with a smile. "Tarilam is swift, hut not so swift as an Amrac arrow. The woorali poison is in my veins." " Oh, Tarilam, dear Tarilam, what is to bo done?" she cried despairingly. "There mnst be some thing. Think, think, what can I 'do for yon ?" "Kiss me," he murmured with oxquisite tenderness; "that is all I ask. Kiss mo, Edic," and with that he fell fainting on the sand. 