;- -???? '}; POINTS^-7 ;'*: Some Explanation Wanted. — About tho' alleged wreok of tho Dcrry Castle. Parhculabs.;— About New Guinea at 'the Town Hall to-inorrow night. -?'? The Case.— In tho trial of Stephen Wilson for perjury the dofence is ' Realy' good. Must be Good. — Six thousand ohurohes have been built in England during Victoria's reign. Replete with Interesting Matter. — The- Week, containing 36 pages, for 3d: A Crusher. — Tho Premier's roply on the' Redistribution Bill debate. ?., ,. Probable. — That Now South Wales will win.- . tho lacrosso match. : v Mr. Adams. — Corrected 'Hansard.' Adams was right. .... Mr. Palmer. — Went for that watershed and', culvert business. Mr. jESSor. — Said ho had very littlo to say on tho Redistribution Bill, and ho said it. '' - A. J.C. Meeting.— To-day tho Cravon Plato should bo won by Trident, and tho Foal Stakos. by Aborcorn.— ' Vcrax.' Here Again. — J. F. M'Mnhon is in town. Ho is proDarine for tho arrival of the Mikado Opera Company. ' Mr. Kellett. — Asked what about tho Kil kivnn loan. Minister said, ' Well, -what about it ?' ' That -was what Kellett wanted to know. Petitions. — Me that university continuo to reach the House. But there is no answer to tho prayers. The Shire op Ithaca. — Now appears in a new suit of clotheB. The last was a very bad. fit. Defence Estimates. — Will bo defended to night. A regular sham fight. Mac. says ho is well able to defend himsolf. He would like to see the man who could, &c.; ' Cmp op the,' &o.; — Young Sclraaebclo ?walking in tho stops of his father. What will he be when a man ? He is a young fireeater now. Lovely. — Tho condition of Linton street, and has been for tho past six months. Tho- ratepayers there will begin to 'howl' if: something is not done soon. A Soabecrow. — The cry about Brisbane' being over-repreBented. Every centro is over represented in tho same way, as compared .to' its extremities. Send It to Youb Friends. — What paper?' Why, tho Wccl; for it contains all tho leading news of tho week. Mn. Nelson. — Said, ' I, sir, for my part do not see the necessity for this bill.' Hang it, that is the unkindest cut of all. . Mn. Maohosban. — Wanted to know some thing about concrete piers The Minister could not tell him, not made up his mind. Mac. should ask when he means to do bo. Pooh Melville. — They are threatening to cut his throat. But in in that case ho would die, and who would bury him, for ho is tho ? undertaker. How? — It is reported that O'Carroll 're- ceived a Beycro kick from the prostrate man on . the right Bide.' If the man was on tho right side, or the blow either, why find fault witb. . it? ? Gimme Races. — To-day and to-morrow. ' Verax' gives Mundrako or Lauristina for ? Spring Handicap, and Mandrake or Honest - Ned for Goldfiolds Handicap. Aldebmanio Joy. — A large turtle, weighing ? 5 owt.j was to be seen at Rogers's yesterday. It was caught in Moreton Bay. Melbourne 'is ? its destination. Fed from the city. Published To- mouhow. — A weekly budget . to send to absent friends. The Week ; price, . 3d. Mr. Donaldson. — Got a committee for hie Coonenna Railway. They will sit upon the bill and Emoko tho pipe of pcaco. Push it on, . Donaldson, or you will not got it through this ? eeEsion. ' .' . ' ' Mr. Mellor. — Said nothing substantial had . been said aguinst the bill. That -was very ' severe after all that had been said. Was it all ; shadow work, old boy — a sort of Pepper's, ghost? Ose rOE 'Ohions.— Whioh is tho most pro vident class of the comra-inity ? Without' a . doubt wo should say the working-class — or that portion of it, at any rate, which belongs to trade unions. Improved and Enlarged.— The beat weekly to be obtained in the colonies at tho money*. Thirty-Eix pages for 3d. Tho Week. Fbee Conceht.— By electric light at Roma, street station any hour after dusk. Programme: : 7mitations of a Whitechnpol bird-fancior. ? Visitors' spirits will bo ' buoyed' up consider ably. .' : ' A New Story.— Will be commenced in thot Week at onoe. Splendid pictorial illustrations. Thirty-Bix pages for 3d. . ..;... The Fellow. — Who thought to got a hand Eome roword for giving information about a. still got nine months in gaol instead. He has enjoyed two; total will bo eleven. Hard earned money. Hume Black. — Was the only man who looked at tho Redistribution Bill from a. Queensland standpoint. Yes ; but H.B. posted. himself nt tho northern end of tho country when taking that view. Will he now Btand at. the southern end and look at it ? Heavy Strike.— On August 3 tho chairman, and deputy-chairman of the Midland Railway Company had an interview at Derby with a deputation of engine-drivers and firemen who were aggrieved by certain new regulations as to the hours of working and the payment of wages, juBt issued by the directors. The con- , ference was unable to arrive at an agreement,. ' andagencralstrikecommencedatmidnight. Tho traffic was maintained by fresh hands who had. been engnged. Tho estimates vary, but it was supposed that about 2,500 men went out. Bnron Henry do Worms was asked but declined to act at) arbitrator, and sug gested to tho men thnt unofficial person' should be asked to mediate. A number of members of Parliament mot at tho Houso of Commons and adopted a memorandum sug gesting to tho directors thnt tho quostion at issuo might bo made tho subject of friendly conference or mediation. 