City Chat. THE FARCEUR. "Hope told a flattering tale "-—and so did Premier Parkes to the good people of Glen Innes on Wednesday last. Having made exceeding merry with them over the banquet board, be fired off his proposed programme for the coming Session ; and a mighty big thing it is too. First of all there is to be a re- introduction of the Railway Bill, which was one of the slaughtered innocents of the last Session, and then the Government will "ask Parliament to sanction a great measure for rendering improvident, reckless expenditure in any public works next to impossible. They would also ask Parliament to con- sider and carry into law a measure which would give a sifting process to the evidence on which every great expenditure for public works was sought to be sanctioned by Parliament". While he was at it our funny old Premier might have also added that he intended to bring in a Bill which would compel every M.P. to wear his hair in the style known as the gaol, or dog fighter's crop ; to abstain from in- toxication liquors, and tobacco in every shape and form and to give the letter H its just rights accord- ing to Lindley Murray's ruling, on all occasions. In the first place; if Sir Henry's programme was carried out the Session would last until some time about the middle of the 21st century ; but there is no imminent danger of that. The moment the Premier even hints inside the House that the roads and bridges members, and railway extension jobbers would be required to show cause why their nefarious little games should be played, that moment the House will rise to a man and demand Sir 'Enry's 'ead on a soup-plate. Several other items were touched upon by the Premier as forming part of his programme ; but the real truth is the greater part of the time between this and Christmas will be taken up in sifting land jobberies, and the like ; ascertaining who are up to their necks in harbor frontages, who are slopping away the public money on unnecessarily costly public buildings, and in an all-round display of slangwhanging in general. That is the real programme, and if it doesn't come off I'll own up that I am a falser prophet than Balaam was. * * * The Parramatta Court House racket is sure to form part of the bill of fare, because Mr. Hughey Taylor has foolishly started to explain the whole business and though he has cleared himself he has left some others "over the pocket." The building was valued by a local auctioneer at £7,000 some time ago, but, by a master stroke of policy, the Government managed to secure it for £8,500 only. The Minister for Justice was away when the sale was effected, and this shunts the blame, or credit, whichever it is, on to the broad shoulders of the Premier. Some one has also discovered that the St. Leonards railway will run past a large block of land belonging to the Anglo-Australian Land and Invest- ment Co., and that the Government also intend to extend the Leichardt tramway to the Haelsarmel Estate, a great part of which belongs to the same Anglo- Australian Co. At first, there doesn't seem to be much in this ; but when we burrow down a little further we find that a certain influential firm of city auctioneers are large shareholders in this fortunate company, and one of the Ministers of our "good Gov- erment" is a director also. The Leichardt line is one of those on which the carriages don't earn enough to grease their wheels, and the proposed ex- tension is likely, to reduce even the present ex- tremely slim return. All these things will take a heap of time to fully explain, but at the same time they will prove the very great necessity of a Bill which would "give a sifting process to the evidence on which the expenditure of money for public works should be sanctioned by Parliament." It is always a dangerous thing to talk much after banquets ; as many of our public men know to their cost, and certainly, it seems as if Sir Henry will soon have cause to regret publishing his great Glen Innes pro- gramme. * * * The dissatisfaction so promptly expressed over the railway department's decision re the Peat's Ferry disaster is still on the boil, and it is evident that Mr. Goodchap's particular branch of Service will come in for some remarkably hot cups of coffee when the House meets. The question of the Westinghouse brake occupies considerable prominence, and, speak- ing of this, the Telegraph suggests that the drivers on the passenger trains which run over steep gradients on the Western and Southern lines should be asked to give their opinion on the worth of this brake. These men, the Telegraph truly argues, are practical experts, while Messrs. Vernon, Kirkcaldie, and Read are merely amateurs in comparison with them. The lives of these drivers are at the mercy of the Westinghouse brake every day, but if every brake in the land went bung the "amateurs" would suffer no personal inconvenience whatever. This is true of other departments also ; for there are thoroughly practical men in them who could suggest alterations in certain matters which would save the country thousands of pounds, but the mere mention of any innovation would jeopardize their billets, and set their old fossil rulers snorting like a lot of startled grampuses. This is one cause of our tremendous deficit. * * * Not being content to "let well alone" Dr. Barry has been agitating for a stricter observance of the Sabbath. He stands out for "the prohibition of traffic and money-getting, firm action of the Sunday closing law and the discouragement of riotous and exciting amusements." If the prohibition of traffic were strictly enforced many of us who keep our "kerridges " would not be able to attend church at all ; because, although heaven may be a very desir- able place, we could never demean ourselves to walk there. The strict prohibition of money-getting is a matter which is not likely to find favor even with, the clergy, for it will prevent them from passing round the contribution box, and as it is impossible in these degenerate days to live by faith alone, and our pastor's stipends are none too large, it is safe to say that this portion of the Primate's programme will be kicked against most emphatically. Then again, although Bishop Barry's plea for rest is a particularly line thing in its way, still, he has not defined what rest is. To the poor clerk, who is perched on his stool in a close, unhealthy room from Monday morning till Saturday night, the greatest, and most benefical rest is to go whooping and skipping through the bush, drinking in "long sleevers." of glorious oxygen as he bounds along; while, on the,other hand, the tired navvy's rest is a "lie down," and a quiet Sunday snooze. If the authorities would sit down heavily, and stay down on the howling dervishes who make the Domain hideous by their idiotic ravings, and on the cads, and larrikins, who by their vile behaviour render our beautiful, gardens a place to be dreaded on the Sabbath by respectable persons, we would have about all we want at present, and it would then puzzle Dr. Barry to point to a spot where the Sabbath would be more orderly observed than in Sydney. As for church attendance that is quite another matter altogether. No Act of Parliament can make a man religious, and if Dr. Barry wishes to attract persons to his services he should give us better preachers, and make the said services far more enticing than they are to back-sliding and weak-kneed sinners to-day. * * * Owing to the cheese-paring style in which the new postal arrangements were advertised no end of un- fortunates have been victimised by having to pay extra rates on the favors of their correspondents. This may be a capital way of reducing our deficit, in Ministerial eyes, but the paying public fail to see the justice of it, As we are to have a surfeit of postal favors perhaps Mr. Crown-and-Anchor Roberts will see that a little more punctuality and promptitude is observed in the delivery of our postal missives. Penrith is only a two hours trip from Sydney and yet my Nepean Times reaches me on Mon- day as often as on Saturday. By way of a change, last week's did not arrive at all, but then accidents will happen even in the best regulated departments. Now that the parcel's post is in full bloom the pru- dent housewife can post home her pound of tripe with the same facility that in former days she used to send along a guinea valentine to what she then termed her "soul's adored," but now rather irreverently terms "that bald-headed old ass" of a Smith, Brown, Jones, or Robinson, as the case may be. Like every other blessing, however, this is likely to be abused ; as was proved in the case of the Sepoy swab, who recently died a long way from home. As soon as he handed in his earthly tickets his mates cremated him, and having performed this pious duty they telegraphed to the widow. "Collect":—"Ali Bedridden Bedampt died last night, Ashes and bones by parcel's post." Next Valentine's Day will bring out some high old jokes by means of our latest postal blessing. P.S.—My Times arrived after all at 2 p.m. Tuesday. That's the pace to put a girdle round the earth in 40 minutes. * * * "Visions is about" down here just now, and most peculiar ones they are too, A choice society of be- lievers in Spiritualism has been worrying away at the ghosts of late and getting no end of startling re- velations about things which happened half a century ago, and things that are never likely to happen at all. A few evenings since a number of these Spiritists were seated round a table, as solemn and silent as If they were part of a waxwork's exhibition, when a facetious ghost dropped a brick on one of their heads. Strictly speaking it was not a brick, but a stone, with portions of seaweed attached thereto. This, to the Spiritualists, was evidence that no one could doubt. There was the stone and there was the weed. Anyone who doubted could bite the thing and satisfy himself that there was no deception whatever. Some people still doubt however—in fact I don't think much of spirits myself; except those contained in square bottles. The poorest mountebank conjuror in the world can at all times do far cleverer tricks than the best that the Spiritualist mediums perform under favorable circumstances only. But these seances do heaps of harm ; especially to excitable women and young girls, and bring plenty of hysterical patients to our doctors. Besides, the ghosts that patronise these shows can't spell any better than a Crown Minister, and the only real good the sittings do is to that they work in the dark, and give the boys and girls a chance to get in an occasional loving squeeze or two on the quiet. In this respect you can't improve up- on them. Such a medicine is happily at hand. Never in the history of medical discoveries, evidenced by a dozen years' through test, has there been found a remedy for Indigestion so speedy, so sure, and so surprising in its results as Seigel's Curative Syrup, but to-day it is a standard remedy for that almost universal affliction in every civilised country in Europe, Asia, Africa, and America. Public testimonials and private letters from military officers, bankers, merchants, ship captains, mechanics, farmers, and their wives and daughters, alike confirm its curative powers. 