? THE comet is on the go it. THE DRESS-CIRCLE.—A crinoline. REBECCA was a well maid woman. PRESS GAXG.—The reporting staff. A TRANSPARENT GHOST—a glass shade. COULD a dog kennel be described as a bark hut ? << THE Campbells are coming " to grief at home. THE Signal Service man is a sort of storm secnter. IF a man is a Mister, perhaps a woman is a Mistery. THE Age is adding another " story" to its premises. THE silly dye young when it comes to the moustache. FITZ. has composed another sentence. You can saw wood with it. TELLING IT TO THE MARINES.—Come and fetch our rags and bones. THE St. Kilda-road is being mended. The world must be near its end. ONLY three tram-car accidents this week. This'll lower their average. IF a squatter gets the " jim jams " nowadays he sees rabbits and grasshoppers. LONDON Punch is in for a libel action. don't the plaintiffs borrow Holroyd t Why BISMARCK the man of iron ; Moltke the man of blow ; Fitzgibbon the man of words. WHEN a compositor yawns may his mouth be said to resemble a " middle space ?" IF two niggers had been purloining fowls together may it have been called a' 'co-robbery ?" WHAT gentleman in a newspaper office is like a pugilist ?—Why the ed-itter, of course. WE may expect another "flare up" in the Sydney Parliament now it has Parkes at its head. LORIMER isn't going home with Deakin. He wants Alfred to go first and " warm the bed." THE Royal Male is not coming here after all. (We allude to the Prince of Wales, of course.) THE Water Department thinks the prayers for rain are not said often enough in our churches. EDWARD VALENTINE BROWKE— But no, wild horses shall not drag out what we were going to say. IF the weather gets very hot again Le Cren and Davidson are going out to " look" at the Yan Yean. THE HEIGHT OF FASHION.—When a three-decker bonnet comes and sits down in front of you at the theatre TRANSPOSE the name of one of the hon. members for Geelong, and you have his principles. Munro —no rum. A PUBLICAN has disembowelled himself at Ballarat. These publicans are awful fellows to evade the law. IN our youth we make " dirt pies," and when we are grown up the papers make dirt pies for us. Vive the gospel of dirt. AN oyster has been landed in Paris so large that it took three men to swallow it. How many will it take to swallow the story ? THE daily papers warn us now against eating tinned fish. Why not treat it like small-pox patients—place them in quaran-tin. LETTERS without number are appearing in our evening contemporary re nude bathing. And it's only a nude departure in dress after all. THE snakes on the Manning River have been keeping up the holidays. The remains of two ducks were found inside one recently killed. OVERLOADING A CANNON.—A Brisbane better half named Cannon has had a local publican fined £1 for supplying her worse-half with liquor. THERE is an old lady up our way who persists in pronouncing the word " amateur" as if it were " immature." Perchance she is not far wrong. A TELEGRAM in the Telegraph tells us that the Duke of Argyle has arrived at Adelaide. Trying to get out of the way of his scapegrace son, no doubt. Two men the other day made their escape from the Lunatic Asylum. This alone is ample proof of their sanity. They'd have been mad had they stayed there. HE was ill and tossed about in his bed so uneasily that his friends thought he'd do something desperate. He did. He sent to Collins-Btreet for a doctor. THE newspapers are " feeding the budding rose of boyhood " and the " budded rose of manhood" with columns of divorce detail, aud Alfred Tennyson is on the wail. MURTHERIN' LAW.—When your wife tells her mother that you have been staying out at night, you suddenly become aware what mothers-in-law were made for. IT is a remarkable instance of the foolishness of the people who name things that one of the most beautiful of vhe shade trees we have is known as the plain (plane) tree. A CONTEMPORARY gives a recipe for "preserving harness." We have not endeavoured to tract its ftfficacy, for, however nice it may be, we are not ambitious to have a bit in our mouth. HANLAN merely comes out to "settle a Bill," you know ; and that puts us in mind that Joe Thompson, the " King of the Ring," is ever willing to " back a Bill," and we're not Joe-king. ARCHER'S will has been proved at a little over £100,000. The deceased jockey's infant daughter receives £40,000. The little Archer when she grows up will have plenty of strings to her bow. It is a coincidence that the termination atic in lunatic and fanatic refers to the upper story. "HEY, Jimmy; where did yer git der medal— fur roller skating ?" . " No, I didn't. It's a champion medal; I can spit furder than any man in the district." A MAN was killed in a boiler explosion the other day, and his wife in the obituary notice referred to him as her "beloved and much e-steamed husband." THERE was a startlingly novel telegram in the papers this week. " The relations between France and Germany are strained." It comes on one so suddenly, you know. Who'd a thought it ? SOMEONE wants to know why the Ozone people don't supply fish without bones for tea. Goodness knows only. Surely they ought to be able to breed a line of fish without boues for their passengers. LONDON TELEGRAM.—All Germans abroad who are liable to military service have been warned to hold themselves in readiness to return to Germany and rejoin the reserves. This is a German sauce-age, truly. "WHEN two pugilists step into the ring what kind of a musical composition are they going to perform ?" inquired one travelling man of another. "Give it up." "A knock turn," was the reply. PHOTOGRAPH COLLECTOR.—By-the-way, I've been making a collection of monstrosities lately. Friend.—Indeed ! P.C.—Yes. And that reminds me will you kindly let me have one of your photographs ? " ARTER ye've ate that mince-pie an' them hard biled eggs," asked the generous woman, " will ye carry in some wood for me ?" " Certainly, madam," gratefully replied the tramp ; " that is," he added, "if I live." WHEN fellows are incited to murder through drink they always become reformed men. It is a well-known fact that they would, one and all, refuse the last drop were it not forced on them by a too convivial sheriff. CUSTOMER TO COAL-DEALER.—" Have you got any name to those scales of yours ?" "I never heard of scales having a name." " Well, you ought to call your scales ' ambush.' You see they are always lying in weight." PATERFAMILIAS.—"It is remarkable what a large number of doctors claim that diseases are transferred by kissing, and—" Miss Ethel.— "What kind of doctors, pa?" "Why, the allopathic doctors." " But, pa, you know we're homeopaths." HE came in very late, and, while groping about in the dark, delivered himself of the following :— "(Hie)—! (Hie)—!! (Hie)—!!!' "Are you addressing such language to me, sir ?" demanded his wife from under the bed-clothes. " No, m' dear," he said, "I wash speakin' t' th' coalscuttle." A LEGAL friend of ours has proved, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that a person having his photograph taken, and being dissatisfied with the first proof thereof, is, however, bound to be content with the second ; for, as he says, "two negatives make an affirmative." AN alligator lias been caught up Townsville quarter measuring 14ft. Sin. Inside the monster were found pieces of boots, shirt studs and other articles. We may expect to read in the Missing Friends column shortly, " Left his home, John Smith," &c.;, &c.; " I WANT your mother to let my affairs alone,"' said Brown to Mrs. B. "I won't have any more of her dictation." " You're always finding fault with mother," retorted Mrs. B. " I'll have you understand, Mr. Brown, my mother is an angel." "I wish she was," groaned Brown. MB. J. C. WILLIAMSON has been fined £1 for overcrowding his theatre. There are some theatrical managers who will never be fined for this offence. THE new submarine boat is called the Peacemaker. The line must now be changed, and will read thus: "Blessed is the Peacemaker, for it shall inherit the water." A CRICKET match has been played at the Quarantine Station between the third- class passengers and the Quarantine staff. The staff were well on the spot. " THE Victorian Commissioners for the Adelaide Jubilee Intercolonial. Exhibition have made up their minds to visit the various wine centres of the colony. ' And we not in it. A SCOTCHMAN said that the name of Hugh Conway always sends a chill through his frame. " How is that ?" we asked. " Well, you see," he said, " it always reminds me of a ' Cauld Back.' " "THE Mayor of Adelaide has been bitten by a dog." 'Nothing seems to satisfy dogs nowadays. They'll be biting members of Parliament soon, or governors, or even newspaper men. Colonial dogs are very nice in their feeding. " MADRAS notifies that Teheran route is interrupted between Teheran and Odessa. The Turkish route interrupted beyond Bassika. Harpong notifies Harphong-Honkoug route interrupted." All right, we'll go the other way. No need to make a fuss. IT is with great regret we hear people speaking slightingly of the comet. The heavenly body is doing its best, and every eucouragement should be given it. The fact of it is, people have had a surfeit of fireworks lately, and unless an out-of-theway young comet comes along no attention will be given. AN Inspector of Police, in reading out the references, or rather, list of previous convictions of a prisoner in the police court the other day, informed the city bench that the accused had been a '' number of years in goa>." And still we run clown football. We have not the slightest doubt that this true lover of the manly game has been in many a "scrimmage," too. However, he's made his " mark " and gone back to gaol. MRS. ALFRED BENNETT, of Sydney, has been writing a book wherein she accuses Melbourne of "slowness." Well, we can't help it. We can't keep up with Sydney somehow. Sydney has got a big deficit, and we are absolutely without one. We tried to get up a Mount Renuie outrage, and we failed miserably. There has never been a blow struck in our Assembly, f and we haven't got the ghost of a man like Parkes. Yes, we are slow. How can we mend our slowness ? 