OUR CIJNINGIAMIE LEiTER... (PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, June 13. Some time since I pointed out the. advisability of removing the govern.': meet jetty, as being a danger to navi-: gation in consequence of the shifting" of the channel, and it is satisfactory to know that the work is to be done. The snagging boat has been brought down for the purpose, and soo6nthet obstruction will no longer exist. In a` recent issue of the .Aercury I read an article suggesting that the material be removed to the site of the L. N. Co's. jetty, and there utilised in the erection of a substantial structure in lieu of the company's jetty, which is in anything': but a safe condition, and is liable at any time to be carried away. It is riot only'unsafe, but totally inadequate to the requirements of our vastly in creasing shipping trade, and the leaving of it in its present condition being fraught with danger to life, limb and property. It is to be hoped that im-,. mediate action will be taken in the: direction suggested. Again there is less water on the bar than could be desired; yesterday the depth was about 4ft., but it is expected that in a few days (at most) sufficient improvement will take place to admit. of vessels crossing it. Three vessel are inside waiting to get out, and the, Sir Wilfred Lawson (inward bound) has been off the entrance some days. . Mr. William Dies has disposed of his bakery and grocery establishment at a satisfactory figure. The purchaser is Mr. Alexander Murray, the well known travelling representative of the Australian Widow's Fund Society. This gentleman intends to enlarge the premises with a view to carrying on a very much more extended business, and I have no doubt his enterprise will meet with the success it merits. The following good story, which I lately heard, is well worth relating, as showing the advantage of a ready wit when one finds himself in a tight place, it will take beating. Two well-known gentlemen, with their wives, are travel. ling on one of our railway lines. The gentlemen are firm friends of long standing. In their respective homes they are looked upon as paragons of exc.llence. The degenerative tenden cies of a weak nature have no place within their breasts. That they would for a moment think of indulging in the noxious weed, worshipping at the shrine of Bacchus, or of showing any such like indications of moral depravity -porish the thought. So implicit is the confidence in their unswerving rectitude that the wives of their bosom would not harbor the ghost of such a base suspicion. During a long term of wedded life, never occasion for even a doubt arose to shako their confidence. It was a period of undiluted domestic felicity. But, alas! as year succeeded year, and delinqencies passed undis. covered, caution was less and less di.s played, till at last an unlucky accident has exposed an unsuspected weakness, and our heroes no longer occupy their' lofty pedestal of moral fame. But to return to our story. The journey they have undertaken is long, the day is warm, the occupants of the carnage take up their positions at the windows -the ladies at one end of the com. partment, the gentlmen at the other. A. feels the necessity of some stimu lant to refresh his enervated corporiety. He takes up a copy of the Argus, un folding it to its widest extent, he I apparently becomes deeply engrossed in its contents. He patiently waits until partial oblivion overtakes his lady companions, and affords compara tive safety from their observations. Then, unlor cover of his paper, he dives into his travelling bag and brings forth--the nauawhtv man he dnn,? ,.. rnnge lorhl a " pocket pistol " in the shapo of a flask containing a generous supply of O.V.G. with which to recu. porato oehausted nature. Fooling its sopthing effect upon him''elf, he dotbr. mines that B. also shall have a share. bw B. is an excoodingly temporate ilnl, with no partiality whatever for hl oholic boverages. But this is ndth'. . ing to A. Io wills that B. shall "irri gate," and " irrigato " ho must whether o dlesires or not. But how is this to to' be effooted without attracting the ittontion of theoothr oqccupants of the arimgo? Iappy thought I Show B. nrersting itmin of news. Acting 'ilnn the inspiration, one aide of the papelr i handed over to i., who is xulibly invited to road. Blohiud the ritind ly Horoon thus affordod, the flask is to be passed, But, of a verity, the way, of transgressors is hard ! Ayk wardness, nervous trepidation, or some evil genius, interfered with its safe transit, the flask slips, and it, with its fragrant contents, finds a resting place on the floor. .The attention of the lodies is attracted; and, oh, horror there exposed to their astonished gaze lies the unlucky flask. B. is aghast. Not so, A. With admirable presence of mind, and an entire recklossnees of consequences to B., he promptly ex claims, " No, thank you, B., old man, yon know I never taste spirits." It is eaty,?t' imagine the consternation of Bt: thiis unblushing audacity. To be caught tripping is bad enough, but to be thus saddled with the fault of another, without opportunity of re monstrance is rough indeed. WVhat explanations B. offered, and how they wererbeceived, history recordeth siot, nor have we a right to inquire. We can.gnly hope they were as successful aeA's. ready wit. 