> Consecration of Bishop Doyle. ON Sunday last tho Very Rev. Dr. Doyle, formerly of Lismore, but who has been appointed to the office of Bishop of tho newly established see at Gratton, received tho rite of consecration at St. Mary's, Sydney. There was a largo gathering assembled. Tho long and olaborato rito of consecra- tion, according to tho Roman Ritual, bogan at 10 o'clock, with a procession from the saoriety to tho sanctuary, eight Roman Catholic prelates, cxolusive of tho bishops- clcct, aud some 30 clorgymen, includ- ing representatives of all tho religious orders in Australia, walking in tho picturesque pageant. The masters of ceremonies (the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran and tho Rev. P. V. Dwyer) having con- ducted thc dignitaries and priests to their places according to rank, tho Cardinal Archbishop occupy- ing tho archiepiscopal throne, the vesting prior to the consecration took place. \- The Papal bull authorising the consecration having been road by tho Very Rev. M. O'Callaghan, the customary examination of the bishopB-oleot was proceded with. The Cardinal, as oonseorator, asked a number of questions which wore satis- factorily answered. An interrogation on points of faith and morality followed, to each of tho qnostions tho bishopa-elcot answering "I bolieve." The consecration was immediately preceded by tho singing of tho " Litany of tue Saints," and tho hymn, ." Veni Oroator Spiritus" (Como Holy Ghost, Croator, Como). Anointing the head of the bishop-elect, the words usod wore-" Be thy head anointed and consecrated, in tho order of High Priest, by heavenly benediction. In tho naroo of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost ;" and anointing tho hands-" Bo these hands anointed with sacred oil, and the chrism of sanctification, as Samuel anointed David, to bc King and .Prophet, so be they anointed and consecrated. In the name of God tho Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, bearing on them the likeness of the .holy cross of our Saviour, tho Lord Jesus Christ, ;who redeemed us from death, and obtained for us the kingdom of heaven." The blessing and presentation in turn of the episcopal ring, the pastoral statf, and the mitre wero performed with much solemnity ; and, when arrayed in thoir. full pontificals, the newly- oonBecrated prelates were conducted through the Cathedral, giving their blessing right and left to the people, the scene was a very impressive one. Returning to the sanctuary, tho Te Deum having been snng, the new prelates ? gave the " kiss of peaoe," and the ceremonies ended with the episcopal benediction, pronounced by eaoh of. the new bishops from the stops of tho high altar. ' ' The Rev, John Ryan, S.J., President of St. Pat- rick's College Melbourne, then preaohed the conse- cration sermon as follows : "Take heed to yourselves and to tho whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath plaoed you bishops to rule the Church of God" (Acts, 20fch chapter; 28th verse). .- . ..."»".. ..-*. The handsome insignia worn by tho Right Rev.. Dr, Doyle was presented by the Roman Catholic people with whom he had been intimately associ- ated before being raised to tho episcopacy, the gift consisting of a Pastoral staff, a gold pectoral cross and ohain, and a jewelled episcopal ring. Notice to Correspondents.-Economist: Your last letter must be wrong somowhero in its figures, in reference to tho revonue derivable from land. Have-you not confused roturas and revenue in arriving at tho estimate of over nine millions revenue from agricultural lands ?-ED, Lawrence Police Court.-On August 20, before Mr. S. Bathgate, J.P., Joseph Wnllwork, for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, was fined £1, or three days' imprisonment ; fine paid, Wnllwork for assaulting police in tho exooution of dnty, was fined £4, or one month in Grafton gaol ; fine paid. ' Post Office at Nana Creek.-Tho follow- ing 'communication has been received: from the Postal Department by Mr. G. Geddes, mining registrar at Nano Creek :-" With referenoo to your communication : of 17th August,1 containing an extract from the Clarence anil Jlicnmimti Examiner against the removal of tho Post office from Nana Creek to Coramba, I am directed to inform you that the Postmaster- General, in view of the reports furnished in tho matter, is not disposed to make any change in the existing arrangements nt pre- sent.-S. H. LAMBTON, Secretary." ' Dalmorton.-We aro Informed that the crush- ing plant and various claims latoly held by tho' Union Gold Mining Company have boen purchased by a private party, and three of tho firm have just returned from a visit to the property, after, noarly threo weeks inspection. A trial orushing from Bevoral of the roofs was made, and the result is con- sidered satisfactory, the stone averaging from J an ounce to lüdwts. to tho ton. The gold obtained has beon shown us, and there is still a pared to come down from another roof, the clearing up of which will tako placo during the coming week. The crushing plant of 12 heads is available for public crushing, which should causo a revival in tho district; as tho want of the facilities for crash- ing stone has boen a serious drawback in the past. We understand that tho amount of gold brought down is lOoz., which was obtained from a total of 13 tons of quartz. Revocation of Temporary Reserve. Water reserve 210, county of Clarence, pariBh of Rushforth, on Sandhill Crcok, area 24 acres, com- mencing at the north-west corner of J. Adams' o.p. of 10 acres, portion 43 and bounded on the south by tho north boundary of that portion bearing east 40 chains, on tho east by a line north G chains, on the north by a line weat 40 chains, and on the west by a line south C chainB to the point of commence- ment. THE SPREAD OP PROTESTANTISM IN RUSSIA. M. Sabler, head of tho Chancery of tho Procurer to the Holy Synod, has boen ordered to investigate on tho spot the causes of tho rapid growth of Protestant opinions among the peasantry of the Taurida and Kief governments, uud bu tttHc stops bo provenfc tho further increase of this heresy. Drastic measures will, it is anticipated, be resorted to. It is estimated that the total sum pnt through the totalizator at Now Zealand during tho past season was £509,602. ? The Casual Labour Board has been busily engaged during tho past few daya in drafting mon to differ- ent parts of the oolony. These consist chiefly of shearers, wood-cuttors, and carpenters. Alderman Jacobs thinks " a day will come " when Aldermen will thank him for refusing to join them in their "joint and several." An American lady of fortune died leaving her I possessions to trustees for the benefit of her hus i band " so long as he shall remain unmarried." I In Queensland, Mr. Dutton, hithorto Minister of [ Lands, succeeds the late Mr. Miles as Minister of I Publio Works, and Mr. Jordan joins the Ministry as Minister of Lands. Mr. T. Bevan states that Mount Owen Stanley, which was 13,000ft. high, had novor boen ascended by any white man, and no white had yet got above EOOOft. on any range. " Dr. do Sylva, physioinn," was roughly hnndlod by tho City Coronor, who told tho quack that he was misleading and gulling the publio and virtually obtaining money under falso pretences. The Magdeburgh Syndicate, whioh in June pur- chased all the beetroot sugar warehoused in Germany, havo run prices up to 17s Gd per owt. Authorities, however, place tho actnal value of tho sugar at only 12s Gd. The chief objeot of the Ministerial visit ta Forbes is believed to be to obtain personal information on which to base any proposal that may bo made to connect Forbes and Parkes with the main railway arteries of the colony. The French manufacturers have decided to oppose the abolition of the Bugar bounties, aa they believe such a step will have the effect of extin- guishing the French sugar trade and bo all to tho advantage of Germany. Tho Minister for Works hos approved of the issue of free passes to ohildron to enable thom to attend tha nearest private schools to their reaidence tut matter what publio »ohool'may intervene." " 