Xy'iSS^&0gU: '- Smallpox in Sydney. Lord Bfassev is in Sydney. Woodcbester picnic to-morrow. England is suffering from drought. Wheat EUen Mine to work or not? Be sore you set Wolfe's Schnapps. . t ^rathalbyn r. G«lwa oB.Batarday. ,: ??;- ? * Itha lOrobbie; reiiel fundiaunounts tqp2l5. f*TbB ^rougut has broken up in Sagtattd. ' -'Bpfdi «he «oted English sculler, isr4ead. ^JMary Ann Kenny round dead in her bed at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum. Sir Henry andl*ady Loch and the Hisses Loeb are visiting Sir William Bobinson. On Saturday an intercolonial Y.M.C.A. council will be opened. The Victorian commissioners gave a complimentary banquet to the foreign and colonial representatives at tbe Town Hall, Adelaide, on Saturday evening. 8ir Henry Loch, the Governor of Victoria, was present. Sir.Tbomas Klder, GC.M.G, has donated X1.000 to Chalmers Church'. - The Mayor of Melbourne and five Council iora visited the Sewage Farm on Saturday monuag. Tney tnink the system penect. George Brew outraged his daughter, aged 7 yean and 2 months, at Ballarat a fortnight ?go- Mr. J. L. Tuxford, a member of the firm who first imported agricultural implements into the colmy, died last week,' aged 78 years. Sir Wilfrid Lawson wants the Queen to state the nature of the services rendered by ait the recipients of jubilee honors. That w|U be nther a tough job for- this hazd w^rkedladyl ? ' '. '* — David Seamto; 43, of Willaaton, cut hiB throat from ear to ear, severing everything right to the bone. When Hollis, the would be murderer of BedMU, cut his throat, it seemed almost idapissible for a man to nerve himselffor each agash, bat Seaman's wound was larger apparently. Tbe Melbourne express does not keep very good time. The Strathalbyn therefore has been la e on several occasions lately. Knmor has it that the Wheal Ellen Mine is abont to be re-started. An American company is said to have tak-n the property over for the purpose of working it.. There are 44 inmates at the Blind Deaf and Dumb Institution at Brighton. Wybert Beeve as Count Fosco in tbe ' Woman in White' at the Boyal is worth Feeing. The colonies, are not to have any of the new special coins struck in honor of die Queen's jubilee. Don't be taken in with vile imitations. Hake certain that you are supplied with -Wolfe's Schnapps. Sydney oranges brought 133. 6 i. per box, and Tasmanian apples 46s. per box in London. Tbe packing is not what it should be. Tbe Queen laid the foundation stone of tbe Imperial Institute on Monday. A demonstration of mill-operatives at B.-ltou, . England, on Saturday, ended in a riot which was quelled by the military. Hnghes, the Western Australian bush ranger, was captured on Sunday. The Queensland deficit amounts to £41,000. - Captain MandevUle, K.N., Victorian Inspector of Fisheries, attended the jubilee levee, caught cold, and died on Sunday morning. Mr. Phil Robinson, the London Daily Telegraph war correspondent, is in Mel bourne. The police attempted to prevent a fight in a_Melb3Urne market and were p=hed with road meta1. The two pugilists were ulti mately arrested. * On Saturday two Sydney football dubs played for the premiership of the colony, but a squabble pat an abrupt termination to the game five m motes before time. Sunday concerts iu Sydney are being given under special licences .signed by the Colonial Secretary. Mr. Deeble (Beach's trainer) is promoting a aeries of ' world'B . sculling matches' in which Teenier, Triekett, and Heara (a New Z -al»nd man)ibs»idss .other well-known oars men wilt compete. Mr. and Mrs. McMillan entertained the children of Mannum at a jubilee tea at their hotel on the holiday. Wolfe's Schnapps— an unequalled specific for diseases of the stomach and bowels. The Cape Borda mailman's horse wouldn't crops the River Demote, and he bad to strip aad swim the river, palling bags and borse across. Five of the Lands Titles officers will be dispensed with at -the end of the month. £700 a year saved. ,*r. B. Murray Smith, C.M.G., the late Agent-General in London for Victoria, returned to that colony last week. A slight accident occurred to the express having Sir Henry Loch and party as passen gers at St&well.; A sleeping carriage ran partly off the rails. The total number of depositors in the Savings Bauk of South Aos ralia is 57,188. The receipts for June amounted to £57,116 13s. 61 ; repayments £57,859 3s. lOd. The Salvation Army recently received an anonymous donation of £5,000 for Indian work: Tbe negotiations with Frarce abont tbe Dew Hebrides have accomplished nothing. The captain, mates, and a seaman of tbe Lady DouR'aa bave been sentenced to death in L radon for the brutal murder of a Mala? seaman named Hassin on the voyage from Western Australia to London. Tbe Malar was refractory and was only ctptared after being wounded severely. He was »- badly injured that it was thought better to kill him ontiight, and the seaman shot him in the head. Victoria has inaugurated an inland parcels post and intercolonial post-cards. Vicorian crops are rotting through the heavy rain. Harry Miller and Bobert Ashworth ran 100 yds. for £1,100 in Sydney on Friday. Miller won. 'Bough on Bate' has been tbe favorite New South Wales medium for attaining immortality lately. Wolfe's Schnapps f« more wholesome than brandy or whisky, and is a pure refreshing beverage. Ask for Wolfe's. A number of passengers landed at CHenelg fram the Carthage on Friday morning at 2 a.m., and -bad to wait four hours and a half for a train to take them to the city. The Commercial Travellers' Association solicit the help of the S. A. Chamber of Com merce to get the postal and telegraph rates assimilated with those of Victoria and New South Wales. The alterations wonld allow the weight of letters to be 1 oz instead of & at. ; all inland telegrams six words for 6d, 10 intercolonial la. Tbe Port Victor wan the means of intro ducing smallpox into Sydney laBt week. Peter Anderson, a salvation soldier, recently assaul-ed William Martin at Mooota, and noir has to pay £5. Bubear easily defeated Teneyck, the American sculler. Tbe Broken Hill yield for the week ended June 30, was 68,26fioz.s. of silver, 9,000 os*. over any previous week's ran, and this with one smelter idle for a day and a half. A promising gold reef has been opened up at Waitpinga (8. miles from Port Victor) by local men. Probate was granted ia the wfll of William Toma, of Siralhalbyn, £1,300% Tbe King of Servia baa forbidden his Qaeen to return to Servia, A destructive fire broke -out in Blenheim. NJ&, on 'Thursday; Tbe damage is esti mated at £50,000. Wolfe** Schnapps is tbe remedy par- *x etUenctfor kidney diseases, indigestion, and debility. ' Toffcey has^fbrjmally ceded tbe Island of Cjpms,^ England. LDra; Cutin Campbell has been declared bankrupt; -Five millions sterling, buried treasure, was recently found in India. A -drinking fountain if being erected at the Botonda in memoriam of Fireman Gardner. Port Victor granite and Kapunda marble form tbe atone work. \- Tbepnspeotns of tbe Teetnlps, Mjning and. Crashing Company, limited, is published. Capital, JE6.000 in £1 share-* - - ~ A wonun isaaid to bavs beea«losed ia a vault at the Hindmarah cemetery accideat ally. A little gnrl beard sert.aau coming from tbe vault, and was so frightened that she 4ra« unable to- give mforanation for wvenlbonn. In tho-evenmg tbewoawn was«beatea. This is denied fajrHteseron. At * eparrow destruction meeting in Adel aide on Monday it was resolved that District Councils and Corporations in infested districts should levy a special rate for tbe extinction of the pest; that these bodies should also licence men as sparrow catchers, to 4m paid at a fixed rate; and that all inaccessible (!) breeding places be c'osed np with wire netting. These . and other resolutions will be laid before tbe Treasurer. At a meeting of the Irish National Land League on Monday a cheque of £7 was received from' tbe Bey. Father Prendurgast, of Willunga, to pay the expenses of tbe recent meeting re the Coercion Act Some cuttings were sent from Adelaide by rail to Melbourne, sea to Launcerton, and thence 80 mflas byvraU and 26 by coach, being oat of the ground' only two days. 95 per oent of the shearers in S-iaUi Australia belong to tbe Shearers1 Union. Last night the Joran family gav; the first of their concerts in 'Adelaide. Professor Ives spoke very highly or their abilities, and secured for tiiem an enUuQjsiaarie reception. The . S. A. Women's Queen Victoria Jubilee Fond amounts to £613. Bishop Goe, D.D.; of Melbpurne, is in Adelaide on a visit to Dr. Kennion. : In the Bill dealing with tbe leasing of lands in the Spoth-JSast. J«rovi«on will be made for the appointment of local' land boards. The steamer Eldersiie is the first steamer that has ever arrived with a fall cargo for Port Adelaide. An Austrian lately arrived 'in the colony got bogged at Pelican Point on tbe Port fiiver. The tide was rising, and bad not some boys noticed -him he must have been drowned. Tbe big quarter cwt. nugget of gold found at Maitland Bar was purchased by tbe Sydney Government for exhibition at the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. It is valued at over £1,400. A company has been formed to purchase large herds of cattle in the United States, ship alive to Barrow-iu-Fumess, England, and slaughter them there. It is thought that it would pay at 4d to 4£ per lb. The Carlton football team arrived by tbe Soath Australian at Port Adelaide on Monday. Mr. J. Craswell and the senior club representatives received them. Parliament reassembled. A deputation waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Tuesday urging the construction of an orefway bridge at the Adelaide Railway Station. Dr. Cockburn and Mr. A. H. Landseer, M.P.'s for Mount Barker, waited on the Minister of Education and presented an application from parents for the erection of a school at Aldgate. Mr. Ward retains the office of Chairman of Committees. Mr. Caldwell presented a petition against Mr. Ward's election. . The petition. was read but not received. 700 people arrived overland from Mel bourne and Sydney on Tuesday. Tbe train was split at Murray Bridge and a nnmber of people bad to wait shivering in the cold from 4.5 a.m. to 4.55. The reason given was that the. Traffic Department of Victoria bad sent on carriages which it would not be safe to use on the Hills line. Two gentlemen, one connected with the Exchange and the other with the Share brokers' Association, had a pugilistic encounter in front of the Exchange on Tuesday, , The river steamer South Australian lost two hands on a recent trip. One fell into tbe river and was struck by the paddle* wheel, and the other was scalded to death by the bursting of a boiler tube. The latter lived at Murray Bridge. The 4th of July was celebrated through out Australia by American colonist9 by pleasant gatherings. A whaling company is to be formed1 in Tasmania with a capital of £10,000. Eimberley goldfleld reports are of a more encouraging nature lately. One man sent to Derby a flour bag of pnre gold weighing I cwt 40 oz. was got by another man out of a pocket, aud the reefs are showing well. The Fisk singers sang the 'The Star Spangled Banner' on Monday. (American Independence Day) and 'God save the Queen' for an encore, during which the audience stood up. \ £130 000 was paid Mr. Brennan for the secret of his torpedo, and now Engineering, a London periodical, is publishing minute particulars of tbe instrument. The Government are to be asked if the details are correct and how the paper got the information. . Kemp beat Mattenon by 15 lengths in a sculling match in Sydney on Monday. The Maogalore sailed out of the Fort Pine Biver on Monday with 1,717 tons of wheat onboard. This is the largos* vessel fully loaded that has accomplished this. Micheal Kerr attempted to drive his sister across a iwollen stream at Tunganah, Vic toria, on Sunday, but the lady and both horses were drowned. Kerr was rescued. 3S9 cases of typhoid out of 1,726 reported terminated fatally ia Victoria in six inonthi. The Victorian Railway Department offered 50^000 tons of coal at 12s per ton. The Chinese Commisioners gave 10 guineas to each of two charitable institutions in Fandhnrst and Bendigo. John McShane, a Geelong footballer of note, died on Monday. Mr. A. Beil was pouring water into his gasolieron Sunday, when the escaping gas was ignited by a light be held. The doors and windows were blown out and the furniture amaahed. The Strathalbyn mails to Adelaide were left behind en Tuesday morning. Boy went after a cow. Mr. H. L. Y. Brown, Government Geolo gist, baa returned to Adelaide. He has not got over the effects of the Windsor accident sufficiently to enable him to resume his duties. Detective Hinds and Constable* Mixweu are too good for tbe light- fingered gentry. Hr. G. Cbaffey says that within three weeks the surveyors wilt have completed the survey of an area of 6.000 acres, which will be placed on the market for sale at once. Colonel Sargood before his departure on Tuesday presented the scholars of the Con gregational Sunday schools in the city and suburbs with 1,800 tickets for tbe matinee performance of the Jubilee Singers on Satur day at tbe Y.M.C.A. building. Tbe Joran family made their first appear ance in Adelaide la»t night. They are accompanied by a new prima donna Mdlle. AldinL On Monday last the Hon. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., presented the scholars attending tbe Brompton Poblic School with copies of tbe New Testament. A man named Egel at Woodside'satd that Mr. and Mbs Hermann (brother and sister) had improper relations. The bench gave a verdict against defendant for £100 amount claimed and £5 costs,. The M.CC. nave offered W. Grace £1,500* bis own and his wile's expenses, if be will make one of the cricket team which leaves England next season. W* W. Bead is to receive £800 and.hu expenses fmn the same source. Tbe Victorian railway Jooicmissioners have decided to keep ap the Monday morn ing express from Melbonrae during tbU. month aa it waj patronized so well iatt month. A few weeks ago a wan tn N.8.W. found a pocket- book with 1180 in notes 'in it. Claimant wanted. The foundation, stoae of (he Imperial Institute was successfully laid by Her Majesty tbe Queen on Monday afternoon. Wolfe's Schnapps forty yean before tbe pnblic and its qualities and virtues never yet approached* The tcase against the -'ghost' people at 'Cradock bas been withdrawn. ~ TbdrComnaissioneir of Crown .-Lands wilt do all 1b hi* power t0,*a*3st fiie proposed ca'tivaiionofoastoroil plants In Sooth Auf tralia. The Carifcm football 4e*m,*ra» tifflctally welcomed on Tuesday by IC^T. Smith, fcsq., M.P., and the city council at tW'Towji - Hall. ? TbejCarltons^lay their first -oaten to day when they meet ihe BnUum ' David Bobertson, a railway employee attempted to commit a rape en Mr*. B~ A. Lindsay in a railway carriage. Com mitted for trial. 