eeicgrams. (K110M OUU OWN COUUE3PONDKHT8.) MOULAMEIN, Jui.Y 12. Archibald M'Donald, alias Charles Stovons, alias Reginald Smith, was charged at thia court to-day with stoaling a black stallion, tho property of Wil liam Wintor, North Murchison, Victoria; also, with t-tealing a brown horao, tho proporty of Cobb and Co, Hay; furthor, with stoaling a horao from Willinm M'Donald. Tho accusod was romanded on all the chargos. All tho hornoa havo boon found; accusod eold two of thom. iuo ouoiuior maue a aosperato rosiatanco, bnt was : capturod by Senior Constablo Mouritz. SYDNEY, July 16. The Hoard of Inquiry appointed by the Commissioner of Railways to investigate. the case of tho Peat's .Ferry accident has reported that tho accident arose from tlie sudden failure of tho brake power. Tho failure was not owing to the insufficiency or imperfect condition of tho brake, but to tlio injudicious ; use by the unfortunate driver, the air reservoirs of tlie carriages becoming exhaus ted, in, ^vhich condition tlie application of the .brake was impossible, and thero was not time enough for tho driver (Wilson) to recharge tlie reservoirs, and bring them into use before the accident took place. Tlie leader in the j Telegraph to-day expresses a general agree ment with the verdict of the coroner's jury,, and also considers that tlie duty of instituting criminal prosecutions against the officials whoso laxity contributed to the . disaster, cannot be avoided. Th o. Ilerald on tho other, hand considors the verdict of the jury un satisfactory, and is inclined to agreo with the opinion of the Board of Inquiry. A large number of men: on the extra stall' of the Customs Department have received notice that their services will not bo required i .utter the end or September, the ^collection of the ad valorem duties ceasing at that time: While searching for ? the outward and visible signs of a ghost at Sydenham, near Penrith', the police came across a quantity of partially burned human' bones. . , ' The cost of the Coroner's inquiry into' the Peal's ferry railway ? accident is expected to be LI 100. Two, ycung girls named Gibson and Parkcs whilo walking near the Jems Bay lighthouse came to an empty flut in jwhich thoy found a gun. Thoy began skylarking with it, when tlie gun went oif, killing Mies' Parker install- 1 tancously. . MELBOURNE, July 15. Mr Andrew:' Newton, Surveyor of War nambool, was found dead in a chair in tlie Council Chambers. He left a letter for his wife on tho deslc. Thore' . is littlo doubt lie committed suicide by drinking strychine. In the letter he said ill-health was tho cause of' his desiring to quit the world. - LONDON July .14. G reat precautions are being taken by .the police authorities in Paris for the preservation of order .to-morrow,- ou 7 the occasion of tho storming o£ tho Bastilo. Tf. 1C llAlipirrtrl.f.lm T.f»oiYiiA »»i Pokio intend.to organize a demonstration in - favor of General Boulanger,- and ? hostile , to i Germany, at , the . grand . military review at Longchamps, as ; also at the ceremony of 1 depositing the wreaths on the Strasburg statue. ? ? At the Annual Cricket matcli, Players v. Gontlemon, tlie former made an easy win in one innings. Shrewsbury made 111 out of a total of 395. - 