' . Giiir Marylborougli Letter. '?'? rFBOM OUB OWN COBBESPONDBNT.1 \- ;? ;?,-'?, Maroh 21. -Tnn Hibernian Sooioty's sports on St. Patriok's p'ay, despito tho wet weather, vroro fully carried outr and worp on the wholo suo coebiuI, notwithstanding tho prevailing damp. Thoro were not fur short of 2,000 pooplo present, . tho members of tho ? socioty bomg distinguished by tho 'wearing of tho croon.' Tho Orangemen hero aro 'talking of asking tho Government to proclaim tho 12th of July as u holiday, over tho colony, as thoy (imagino that yellow will afford as much amusement as green. It in rumoured hero that tho Eastor oncainp ment is to bo postponed until Jurio. At tho latter dato thero would be a ohanco of dry weather, but on tho other hand extra blankots would havo to bo served out to the men in tents. ? ' ? Tho Hood Iteliof Committee mot last night, nnd considered the applications sent in — 22 in number — from sufferers by tho flood. Savon of them werogruntcdrcliof in sned, small advances of cadi, and theremainder referred toanlnvoati- gation Committee, as !aero was somo doubt whether they wcro iu distress or not, though heavy losers. A resolution was como to thai ihe Central Committee bo .asked to . nllow tho Maryborough Coinmittco to lend small sums to tho fanners, Iho great majority of whom aro totally udverso to accepting charity. To do this, however, would require a much larger amount of fuuds than is available, and would run away with bxpenso in carrying out tho scheme. It.was stated that tho total amount collected in Maryborough amounts to XiiOO. Tho Easter race meeting is filling up well, and a good day's s^iort is anticipated. Another Maryborough vessel engulfed hi iho raging deep, the second -within a few weeks. Tho Sibyl was a splendid littlo schooner, aud mndo tmart trips to tlio islands. Hor captain and about 30 of tlio recruits arrived in Jlrry boroiigh to-day from Sydney. Tho owners, Messrs. Southerdcn and Ch'ristoo, wero not fully insured, and, of courso, havo lost their nutieipated profitB from her last trip. Tho Municipal Counoil havo decided to transform tho Customs jetty into a wharf, so as io peimit of largo vessels berthing there. It is at present leaded by Messrs. John Walker aud Co., their own wharf being fully occupied in berthing tho A.U.S.N. nnd Q.S.S. steamers. Tho ship Eustmiuster, with 250 immigrants, arrived in tho bay on Saturday, aud tho now arrivals wero lauded iu town yesterday. Sho has mado a Rood passago of 93 days from Plymouth. Tho new arrivals havo boon well tcicctcd, the agricultural labourers being fine, strong men. Considering tho weather, they aro going off well. Another batch of immi grants arrived to-day by tho steamer Bulimba, from London. A very old resident, wife of Mr. John Eaton, of Teebar, died on Sunday last. She was 73 years of age, and had resided over 30 years in the district, having come here from New South Wales, of which she was a native. Not many hours afterwards her son, Mr. W. Eaton, aged 33, died suddenly from apoplexy. There is a large family of daughters, but Mr. William was the only son. A young fellow, J. H. Kean, a. commission agent, jumped out of tho window of his ottieo in Ba/.aar street last week, a height of about 20 feet. Ho had been drinking, aud scarcely knew what he was about at tho time. Singu larlj' enough, he sustained no injury beyond a Gcratch or two on his face. Ho has been sent to tho Eccopi ion-houso for a fortnight, where ho will bo able to form good resolutions for tho future. Tho new hospital buildings nro not yet occu pied, but aro being furnished by tho committoo with the latest equipments in hospital furniture. Tho ' flit ting ' from tho old to tho now insti tution takes placo next month, and will bo marked by fiomo ceremony.' Part of tho old building will bo left as a town dispensary, tlio new hoi-pital being fully two miles from the centre of tho town, and will.bo connected by telephone. Tho new Isis Divisional Board, a split-oft' from tho Buirnm Board, held their fii-at meet ing last week. Messrs. W. Williams, D. P. White, T. J. Walking, H. Morgan, George Barker, and Henry Smith, were tho six elected. Two of them, Messrs. Watkins and Whito, were numbers of tho Bumuu Board. Mr. Watldns was elected chairman. Mr. Tutley, tho engineer of thonowly-forraed Miiiyloiough- BuiTum foal Prospecting Com pany, has just sent in his report on the area leased by tho company. The report is .a most favourable one, and a good qualify of shipping coal is looked for. Tendo is havo been called for making bores, usiho ucrviccs of the diamond drill, r.ow cmi-loycd at the Isis, cannot bo ob tained at present. Two other companies aro alto fojiuc-d for prospecting in adjoining areas. A suggestion has been mado hero that tho jubilee year bo taken advantago of to clear oil it!l unpaid debts contracted dm-ing tho last 50 years. Should this bo curried out, many of our leading citizens would havo to bleed pretty freely. The Rifle Volunteer Corps hero, which ha» been in a decaying condition for many months, has ut last given up Iho ghost. Tho former c-fficcra* i CEigimtioris wore accepted, and as no officers havo been gazetted since, consequently tho company was destitute of commanders. Most of tho men intend joining tho Scottish Corps. Thero is also gnrno talk of raising an Irish Volunteer Corps here. ? Tho Salvation Anny barracks, now nearly completed, is to bo formally ox-Rned on tho Kith of April. Tho army has previously mustered iu the Temperance Hal) , which thoy rented. Tho weather Shown litUn signs of clearing up. Scarcely a- day passes without heavy showers, and tho farmers aro at a standstill. Of courso tho streets nro iu a terribly boggy condition. 