The Property Master's Ghost. By Henby Pettitt. Joe Pineer, the property muster of the Theatre Eoyal, , was a poet, not that ho was any the less a proporty mas ter, for a moro conscientious and hard working Bervant never submitted to he sworn at by a stage-manager; but at times the aaooetJius tcribendi would bo strong upon him, and then, if the work was at all slack, ho was to bo avoided by all prosaio persons who did not want to bo seized by the first available button, while Plnder, with his eye in lino frenzy rolling, pourod forth " A Poem to the Pit," or "Stanzas to tbo Stnlls," At the beginning of the sonson a pretty and intelligent young girl hnd joined tho company to piny small parts. She w the only daughter of a poor widow who gained hor livelihood as a scmpstioss at ono of tho largo theatrical costumiers in London, Her name, or rather her pro fessional namo, was Hose iln/.oldean. Shu had begun her theatrical career as a coryphee ; but, by dint of sheer hard work and perseverance, had obtained sulllciout education to qualify herself for a moru responsible position, During tho season she had so improved by practice in a varied range of characters, and had gained so much confidence by the praise and en couragement of tiio manager and com pany, that a bright and successful career was predicted for hor, Amongst others whoso 'general kind ness and practical suggestions had boon of groat assistance to tho struggling girl was John Lester, who t played the leading juvenile business, He was a capital actor, aud a good fellow who would probably have achieved a much higher position, but for an unfortuuato penchant for playing practical jokes. Managers did not always appreciate a species of humor which sometimes made thum tho butt of their own companlos unci servants, and Jack Lester frequently found that his manager's sense of humour did not ox toutl beyond an onvolopo plaeud in his hands by tho promoter on Friday night containing a fortnight's notice. .IVoreod by necessity and experience to spare the managers, unci finding the com pany lit tlio 'i'hontro JLtoyal, ■, too wide-awake to booomo his victims, J'tiok Lester had seized upon the property nmatur for Ins prey, unci .L'liulor, who in other respects wus n remarkably Intelli gent unci olevor young follow, would bo beguiled into rending ids poutry and giving ooplos to his hypocritical patron, who would thou Ingeniously porvort unci ultor thoin into such extrnordlniiry pro duotlons that when they wore road In Lho gruon- room with oxiiggurutod gusturo mul burlesque emphasis, his llHtonurn would bo convulsed with lnughtor. Jaolc Lester's amusement, however, was one night brought to a termination by thu extraordinary and unexpected behaviour of Hose Mazuldoan, who Indig nantly protustud against the rldloule that was being heaped upon thu devoted head of tliu unuonsulous pout | and whouvowud Iter Intention of svarntug him, unless the oruul auuiHoinunt was at oueo stoppud, ilnolc Xtoster perslstoil, and llosu Jlu/.eU doan npeedily proved she was a woman of her word, Thu result [of hur chain plonshlp of finder was seen the next day, when in response to Lester's invita tion to wrltu him a poem for recitation between thu pleues, not to take more than five minutes, describing the history ami wanderings of thu lost tribes of Israel, finder replied In language which. If not elegant, was at least forcible, " Write it v/iui'iiidf. mul be d—~d I" A ooolimm now npruntf up bofcwuuu PIndor luut liiti (pioiulikin pnfcron, mom thnn oountorbidnnoud, howuvor, by tlio Inoroiuiud uiul Kuutilitu inUmmt uvlnuod by Homo lliw.oldoitn lit tho pout'n yttrium, wliloh rnpldly dovoUpud u moro iwnorotiM tendency, uiul wbon oito ol! Utu IndUm found Momo vomoh loft noolduntnlly upon Hoiio'm (li'OHHlnK-pbniu, buKtnnluK v>IbU Pouting llpo L lovo to Jcltm you Wulklng homuwiivd in tlio wok Witon to i'hImu tlio bonrtoly uln^linm In our rnpturo wii forgot I MUMplolonn wore itrounud wbloh upponrod tofpdn ooiiilrnintlon wluin unotlior uil'unltm wiui dlhoovomt In bur huml-bnu, wblob Mho hud I of I. on » ohnlr wltllo roluiitt'Mlng, itnd wblob oonoludod With the ling upon your finger In the vestry you will linger With our anxious hearts at easo, While I pay the parson's foes. All doubts, however, wero set at rest towards the end of November, when it was formally announced that Miss Hazel denn had become Mrs. Pindcr. The autumn season had drawn towards tho close. Pindcr was busy modelling for tho pantomime, and tho programme was being changod nightly, in a vain attompt to draw a gooso-and-pudding saving public, whon a drama founded upon IDaat Lynno was put Into rohoaraal for performance tho same night. Miss ltoso Huzeldoan (Mrs. Pindor), in oonacquouco of tho in disposition of tho leading lady, was cast for tho runaway wifo. Tho ro hoaraal was a liaaty and incomplete one. Tho manager was busy drilling the ballet for tho pantomime. The prompter's attention was distracted with scone plots, and Pindcr was hurriedly aunt to Bir mingham to purchase certain neooaaaries for tho property room. In the drama a lottor was supposed to bo written by the runaway wifo addressed to hor husband in which sho announced hor intention of leaving him for over. Tho j I'jiuptor being busy, Mrs. Pindar copied tho lottor herself, and at tho end of tho ovouing'a performance it was loft on tho prompter' doak, where it waa noticed by Jack Luster just us Mra, finder rushed up to tho promptur trail in an excited manner aakod to bo cxouaod rehearsal tiio uoxt morn ing. alto hud rocoivod ti telegram to say that her mother was ill. Thoro was juat timo to oatoh tho laat train, and bo back in timo for tlio next, night's performance; might alio go 'I formlsalon was at onoo givon. alio wrote a hurried note to hor husband, explaining tho oauao of hor abaouoo, gavo it to tho promptur to hand to l'lndor, who was oxpootod baolc before tho farou was over. Hhu thon hurried away with a hasty " good night " to Jack Loator, whose busy brain immediately oonoolvod tliu idoa ol! playing a praotioal joko upon l'lndur, it was a sudduu ira inilao, aotod upon without tliouglit j tho prompter's attention was ongagud and in a moment tho envelope, inaulUoloutly fastened, was opened, and tho property lottor bidding larowoll to hor husband was substituted for tho real ono, Tho porl'ormunoo was ovor, tiio lights wore lowered, tho company and nmydoyos had loft, and Jack Loator waa In tiio not of aaying good-night to tiio huli- kuupor, when l'lndur returned, and the noto waa placed in Ida hands, .llo road it through by tho solitary gas jut ovor tho door, orushud it In Ida hand, and without a word walked into tho dimly lighted and gloomy theatre, and up Into his property room, which waa altuatud over the (Qua, Loatur, who waa in reality a very good huavtod follow when not blinded by his master paaalon, watohod finder's retreat ing ilguru, and iiad just made up Ids mind to go after him and explain every thing, when ho was suddenly seized by half-a-dozen jovial acquaintances who had eoniu to,fetch him out to supper, ami, listening to ho excuses, thuy dragged him away to a neighboring hostelry, where, in tho uxoUomuut, l'lndur was forgotten, and It was not until the next morning, when, with an aching head, lie dragged himself down to tho theatre, that ho romomhorud, with a pang of remorse, tho omul joke he had perpetrated, " Latu,aa usual, Mr. Luster," uxelalmod the manager; as Jaulc made Ids appear ance, 11 Hoglnnors, ploaae," shouted the prompter ) and the rehearsal proceeded quietly, only dulayod now and again by tho want of suoli properties as wore es sential to tlie scenes, ami which, after conalderabh) delay were brought by fin der's assistant, " Whuru 1m Unit lnforniw inopiM^ mnn?" uoutluunlly iihoutuil thu muimgor, but without ruiiult i unci tliu Unit nut wun ovur whun '.Iiuntur'n nttuntlou wnn ualluil to n group ol! thu company who woro pointing ovoi'huucl to thu gridiron nbovo thu ntngo, " VVhnt'fi thnl hanging hp thuro?"ankoil omi, ,.MA pnntomlmo t»rc»i>o*'ty( 1 mippono," nnillud niiothur, looking til>> " Womlui'l'ully mndo," until n third, " Olovor follow, I'hulor | thu bout inoilullor la Mnglnnd," Luntur, Ulcu thu rout, loolcud up, and thuro, dangling ivi thu uiut of n ropo, botWOOIl till) tWO hoi'llOlH, WIIH l\ HOMO* thing that. in thu unoui'tniu light, looked iitrnngoly like n human body, niul thu Might oi! which mint n Mtrnngu thrill to .luck bii)i!.oi''rt huui't, nml onuuuii it to iilnlc within him, " What. nt'u you itll iitiir-gnttlng tlioro for?" luikod thu manager, The object o£ interest was, to him. 1 " Capital model ot n man".,I olTd„m?n' **« Rw tU whon 1 first saw It." ] " You must have seen it m,J then," answered the low comcdiJ " Bomnrkably llko a hangim said the walking gentleman,a3h,>i I a glass in his oyo, awl looked un' u Not unllko Plntler himself" another. ' " By Heaven 1" shouted the J I who had boon steadily looking a ! is Finder / Quick, there, some < oomo with me and help to "a down." And away he rushed, |J by aovoral of tho gentlemen. As tho rest of tho company p. togothor and stood by the prom tranco in silent horror, Jack L turnod deadly white, and clung tol tho wings for support. TheausptJ almost insupportable, and when, fow minutos, the word was panel ; that it was Plnder, his heart see stand still. Ho staggered to th] door, homo to his lodgings, to door, and sank into a chair, with an agony of remorse. In id tlon ho could hear tho honoml whispers as tho Inert mass to II to tiro stago j see tho white (»«,* glassy oyos turnod towards him p utorr.nl rcproaoh In them. Ink was tiro rosulb of his practical joilj was a mltrdoror. How tho time passed he new* but ho was aroused by a knoekin1 door. Ho rose, mechanically, or find admitted his landlady, wW turn Homo ton, and informed hla wtia tlma ho wont to the theak Now onrno tho necessity tor"n, and decision, Might ho not t of tho death of Finder/ It , proved his aaroor would be rail over. No one had seen him & lottors j no ono could prove !.ii in fclio businuBs. Would it noil to bury his ghastly secret in L bronsfc, and put on n bold /rant] ha would ( and, bracing hiraiol/ tho ordual, ho boldly walked do.i bhoatro, As J nek Lostor entered the sU lio had not tho oourngo to ask koopor If thoro wns more noivs lug tho traglo oocurrouco ot the but slunk rathor tlinn walkedn dimly-lighted stago to hlsdrcui which was sltuatud at the end sago on tho opposito side, Ai. under tho spot wlioro tlio bodyh in tlio morning ho shuddered an almost irrcsistlblo deslro to d but tlio knowledge that hisabjen ruluo susplolon gave him courngr walked on, with a strnngo id an lndollnablo prosonco wns dl hind or bosldo hint. The illr lllco atmosphoro of tho uisllghte uddocl to the illusion, tuid, with ■ Honso of Impending misfortune,' ilown tlio dark passago, ton haiullo of his droBslng-roomiloot, and tliot'o, bonoath the he I'M Jut that hut dimly lighted tr whoro ho usually dressed, no orcot form of—Finder, polutl" ghriHtly, taooklng grin upon hi'1 to tlio rope that hung found fill Ho would liavo turned and horror hold him apoilbouiut i havo orluil out, but his to* utturanoo as tho llgiue 'u'™''u him, holding out the « tloop, sepulchral voice aa . ouyht to bu 11 S I youroot//or pluyuoj « "< '1 « Not (load I" gw|»' g1 irlnu to t h o h ii nt 11 of'i ( ? " -Nat, a lilt of It" IliHtVC'in... tiii'iil/iff up tlw ffuH, "I met ml uiti nlnlloit Iwfuru fdiu your /puno without lifl rout of tlm ooinjiitiiy, t took I "iy oonfldonoo, and lioru tin.'/] wlio liolda Mm tivinim," At that inouiuiit dio door "pun from wltlioid, mid itwsrj tor ualntiid ./aok /m-dor ilni! Ultra for iiionthii nftor. " Hut tlio body I" " Mndo It myiiulf, itnd . Wluin you iuikIo tun of my 01 body vuwfi/tt mo wiw I" I'W I ovot'ybody la In lldii out) <*% Video my advloo I /fit'u »l> I"J1 iu/f» idr, and ll! ovor you l,w T broalc out a/falri, J nut /oil rt#W| noturn aro Jiuit an oiwll/ W"I and tulco w/u'(dii|f by 