ALLAN QUA RTER3IA IN". BELN'G AN ACCOUNT OF HIS FURTHER ADVENTURES AND DISCO VEKtES rN COMPANY WITH SIB HENRT CURTIS, BAKf.. CAPTAIN JOHN GOOD, R.N., AND ONE L'MSLOPOOAAS. (By H. Rider Hagoahd, Avthor of " Kino Solomon's Mines," "Dawn," &c.;) Ex AJrka semper aliquid noci. CHAPTER a— The Black Hand. Iu due course we left Lamu, and 10 days afterwards we found ourselves at a spot called Citarra, on the Tana River, having gone through many adventures which need not be recorded here. Amongst other things we vi-ited a ruined city, of which there are many on this coast, and which must once, to judge front their extent and the numerous remains of mosques and stone houses, have been very populous places. These ruined cities are immeasurably ancient, having, I believe, been places of wealth and importance as far back as the Old Testament times, when .they were ceutrcs of trade with India and elsewhere. But their glory lias de parted now — the slave trade has finished them \--and where once wealthy merchants from all parts of tho then civilised world stood and bargained in the crowded market places, the lion holds his court at night, and instead of tho chattering of slaves aud the eager voices of the bidders, his awful note goes echoing down the ruined corridors. At this particular place we discovered on a mound, covered up with rank growth and rubbish, two of the most beautiful stoue doorways that it is possible to cuuccive. Tlte carving on them was simply exquisite, aud 1 only regret that we bad no means of getting them away. No doubt they had once been the entrances to a palace, of which, however, no traces were now to-be seen, unless, indeed, they lav under tho rising mound. Goue ! quite gone ! the way tbat everything must go. Like the nobles and the ladies who lived within their gates, these cities have had their day, and now they are as Babylon aud Nineveh, and as London and Paris will one day be. . Nothing may endure. That is the inex orable law. Men and womeu, empires and cities, thrones, principalities and powers, mountains, rivers and unfuthomed seas, worlds, spaces and universes, all have their day, and all must go. In this ruined and forgotten place the moralist may behold a symbol of the universal destiny. For this system of ours allows no room for standing still — nothing can loiter on the road aud check the progress of things up wards towards Life, or the rush of things down wards towards Death. The stem policeman Fate moves us and them on, ou, uphill and downhill and across the level ; there is no resting-place for the weary feet, till at last the abyss swallows us, and from the shores of the Transitory we are hurled into the Sea of the Eternal. At Charra we had a violent qtturrel with the head man of the bearers tve had hired to go as far as this, and who now wished to extort large extra payment from us. Iu the result 1 he threatened to set the Masai — about whom more auou — ou to ns. That night he, with all our hired hearers, bolted, stealing most ot the goods which had been entrusted to them to carry. Luckily, however, they had uot happened to steal our rifles, ammunition, nud personal effects ; not because of any deli cacy of feeling on their part, hut owing to the fact that thoy chanced to be in the charge of the five Wakwafis. After that, it was clear to us that we had had enough of caravans and of bearers. Indeed, we had not much left for a caravan to carry. Anil yet, how were we to get ou ? It was Good who solved the question. " Here is water," he said, pointing to the Tana River, "and yesterday I saw a party of natives hunt ing hippopotami in canoes. I understand that Mr. Mackenzie's mission station is on the Tana River. Why not got into canoes and paddle up to it?" ' - This brilliant suggestion was, needless to say, received with acclamation ; and I instantly set to work to buy suitable canoes from tho surrounding natives. I succeeded after a delay of three days in obtaining two large ones, each hollowed out of a single log of some light wood, and capable of holding six people and baggage. For these two canoes we had to pay nearly all our remaining cloth, and also many other articles. On the day following our purchaso of the two canoes we offected a start. Iu the first canoe were Good, Sir Henry and three of our Wnkwafl followers ; in the second myself, Umslopogaas and the other two Wakwafis. As our course lay tip stream, we had to keep four paddles at work in each canoe, which meant that the whole lot of us, except Good, hud to row away liko galley slaves, and very exhausting work it was. I say, except Good, for, of course, the moment that Good got into a boat his foot was on liis native heath, and he took command of the party. And oh, my word, didn't he work us 1 On shore Good is a gentle, mild-mannered man, and given to jocosity ; but. as wo found to our cost, Good in a boat was a perfect demon. To begin with, he knew all about it and we didn't. Ou all nautical subjects, from tho torpedo fit tings of a man-of-war down to the best way of hundling tho paddle of an African canoe, lie was a perfect mine of information, which, to say the least of it, wc were uot. Also, his ideas of discipline were of the stoniest, aud, iu short, he canto the royal naval officer over us pretty considerably, and paid us out amply for all the chaff we were wont to treat him to on land ; but, on the other hand, 1 am bound to say that he managed the boats ad mirably. After the first day Good succeeded, with the help of some cloth aud a couple of poles, in rigging up a sail in each canoe, which lightened our labors not a little. But the current rnu very strong against us, and at the best we were not able to make more than 20 miles a ilav. Our plan was to start at dawn, and paddle along till about half-past 10, by which time the snn got too hot to allow of further exertion. Then wo moored our canoes to the bank and eat our frugul meal; after which wc slept or otherwise amused ourselves till about 3 o'clock, when we again started, and rowed till within au hour of sundown, wheu we called a halt for tho night.' On landing iu the evening, Good would at once set to work, with the help of the Asknri, to build a little "scherm," or small enclosure, fenced with thorn .bushes, to light a fire. I, with Sir Henry and Umslopo gaas, wouMgo out to shoot something for the pot. Generally this was nn easy task, for all sorts of game abounded on the banks of the Tana. One night Sir Henry shot a young cow giraffe, of which the marrow bones were excel lent ; on another I got a couple of waterbuck right and left ; and once, to his own intense satisfaction Umslopogaas (who, like most . Zulns, was a vile shot with a rifle) managed to kill a fat eland with a bullet front a Martini I had lent him. Sometimes we varied our food by shooting some guinea fowl or hush- bustard (paau)— both of which were numerous— witli a shot-gun, or by catching a supply of beautiful yellow fish, with which the waters of the Tana swarmed, and which form, 1 believe, oue of the chief food supplies of the croco diles. Three days after our start an ominous inci dent occurred. Wo were just drawing in to the bank to make our camp as usual for the night, when we caught sight of a figure standing on a little knoll not 40 yards away, and intently watching our approach. One glance was sufficient— although I was personally unacquainted with tho tribe — to tell me that he was a Masai Elmoran, or young warrior. Indeed, had I had any doubts, tliey would have quickly been dispelled hy tho terrified ejaculation of Masai that burst simultaneously from tho arrangements with the author All rights reserved lips of onr Wakwnfi followers, who are, as 1 th nk I hare said,, themselves bastard Masai. And' what a figure he presented as he stood there in his savago war gear ! Accustomed as I have been to savages ail my life, 1 do not think that 1 have ever before seen anything quite so ferocious or awe inspiring. To begin with, the man was enormously tall, quite as tail as Utnslapogaas, I should say, aud beauti fully, though somewhat slightly, shaped, but with the face of a devil. In his right hand he held a spear about 5J- feet long, tbe blade being 2h feet in length, by nearly 3 inches in width, and having an iron spike at the end of the handle tbat measured more thau a foot. On his left arm was a large and well made elliptical shield of buffalo hide, on which were painted strange heraldic looking devices. On his shoulders was a huge cape of hawk's feathers, and round his neck was a ' naibere,' or strip of cotton about 17 feet long, by one and a half broad, with a strip© of color running down the middle of it. The tanned goatskin robe, which formed his ordinary attire in times of peace, was tied lightly round bis waist, so as to serve the purposes of a belt, and through it were stuck, on the right cud-left sides respectively, his short pear shaped siine, or sword, which is made of a single piece of steel, nud carried iu a wcodeu sheath, aud an enormous knobkerric. But perhaps the most remarkable feature of bis attire consisted of a head dress of ostrich feathers, which was fixed on the chin, and passed in front of the ears to tho forehead, and, being shaped like an ellipse, completely framed the face, so that the diabolical countenance appeared to project from a sort of feather firescreen. Round the tttikles he wore black fringes of hair, and, pro jecting front the upper portion of the calves, to which they were attached, were long spurs like spikes, from which flowed down tufts of the beautiful black nud waving hair of the Colobus tuonkey. Such was the elaborate array of tbe Masai Eimorau who stood watching tho ap proach of our two canoes, but it is one which, to be appreciated, must ho seen ; only those who see it do not often livo to describe it. Of course I could not make out all these de tails of his full dress oil tho occcasion of (his my first introduction, being indeed, amply taken np with the consideration of the general effect, but I had plenty of subse- . quent opportunities of becoming acquainted with the items that went to make it up. Whilst we. were hesitating what to do, tho Masai warrior drew himself up in a dignified fashion, shook his hugo spear at us, and, turning, vanished on the further side of the slope. "Hnlloa!" holloaed Sir Henry from the other boat ; " our friend the caravan leader has been as good as his word, and set the Masai after us, Do yott think it will be safe to gc ashore ?" 1 did not think it would be at all safe ; but, on the other hand, we had no ineunf of cooking in the canoes, and 'nothing that tve could eat raw, so it was difficult to know what to do. At last Umslopogaas simplified mutters by volun teering to go and reconnoitre, which lie did, creeping off into the bush like u snake, whilst we hung off in the stream waiting for him. In half un hour he returned, and told us that tliera was not a Masai to be seen anywhere about, but that he had discovered a spot where they bad re cently been encamped, and that from various indications he judged that they must have moved ' ou an hour or so hofore ; tho tnau we saw having no doubt been left to report upon our move- lilents. Thereupon wo landed ; and, having posted a sentry, proceeded to cook aud eat our evening meal. This done, we took the situation into our serious consideration. Of course it wus possible' that the apparition of the Masai warrior had notli- iug to do with us, that he was merely oue of a baud bent upon some marauding and murder ing expedition against another tribe. Onr friend tho Consul hud told us that sttcli expeditions were about. But wheu we re called the threat of the caravan leader, and reflected on tho ominous way in which the warrior had shaken his spear at ns, this did not appear very probable. On tho contrary, what did seem probable was that the party was after us aud awaiting a favorable opportunity to attack us. This being so, there were two things that wo could do — one ot which was to go on, and the other to go hack. The latter idea was, however, rejected ut once, it being obvious that we should encounter as many dangers in retreat as iu advance ; and, besides, we had made up our minds to journey onwards at any price Under these circumstances, however, we did uot con sider it safe to sloop ashore, so got iuto our canoes, aud, paddling out into the middle of the stream, which was not very wide here, managed to anchor them by means of big stones fastened to ropes ntado of cocoanut fibre, of which there were several fathoms iu each canoe. Here the mosquitoes nearly eat us up alive, aud this, combined with auxiety as to our positiou, effectually prevented me from sleep, ing as the others were doing, notwithstanding the attacks of the aforesaid Tana mosquitoes. And so I lay awake, smoking and reflectiug ou many things but, being of a practical turn of mind, chiefly on how wo wero to give those Masai villains the slip. It was « beuutiful moonlight night, and, notwithstand ing tho mosquitoes, aud the great risk we wer# running from fever from sleeping in such a spot, and forgetting that I had the crump very badly in my right leg from squatting iu a constrained position iu the canoe, and that tho Wakwafi who was sleeping hy me smelt horrible, I reully began to CDjoy myself. Tho moonbeams played upon the surface of tho running water that kept speeding unceasingly past us towards the sea, like men's lives towards the grave, till it glit tered liko a wide sheet of silver iu tho opetn where tho trees threw no shadows. Near tho banks, however, it was very dark, and tho night wind sighed sadly in the reeds. To our left, ou tho further side of the river was a little sandy bay which was clear of trees, and here I could make out the forms of numerous antelopes advancing to the water, till suddenly there caute an ontinons roar, where upon they all made off hurriedly. Then after pauso I caught sight of the mussivo form of Hi Majesty the Lion, coming down to drink his fill after meat. Presently ho moved on, then came a crashing of the reeds about fifty yardj above us, and a few minutes later a huge black mass roso out of the water, about 20 yards from me, and snorted. It was the head of a. hippopotamus. Down it went without a, sound, only to rise agaiu within five, yards of where I sat. This was de cidedly too near to be comfortable, more especially as the hippopotamus was evidently animated by intenso curiosity to know what on earth our canoes were. He opened his great month, to yawn I suppose, and gave me an excellent view of his ivories ; and I could not help reflecting how easily he could crunch up our frail eanoe with a single bite. Indeed, I had half a mind to give him a ball from my eight boro, but on reflection determined to let him alono unless he actually made for the boat. Presently ho sank again as noiselessly as before, and I saw no more of him. Just theu, on looking towards tho hank on our right, I fancied I caught sight of a dark figure flitting between the tree trunks. I have very keen sight, and I was almost sure that I saw something, but whether it was a bird, beast, or man, I could not say. At the moment, however, a dark cloud passed over tho moon, aud I saw no more of it. Just theu, too. although all tbo other sounds of tho forest had ceased, a species of horned owl with which I was well acquainted began to hoot with great persistency. After that, save for the rustling of trees and reeds when the wind caught them, there was complete silence. Bnt somehow, in the most unaccountable wqy. I had suddenly turned nervons. There was no J particular reason why I should he, beyond the ordinary reasons which surround the Centra African troTeller, and yet I undoubtedly was. K there is one thing moro than another of which I hare the most complete and entire scorn and disbelief, it is of presenti ments, and yet hero 1 was all cf a sudden filled with and possessed by a most undoubted presentiment ot approaching evil. I would not give way to it, however, although I fell the cold perspiration stand out upon niv forehead. I wonld not arouse the others. VVorso end worse I grew, my pulse flattered like n dying I man's, my nerves thrilled with the horrible sense of impotent terror which anybody who is subject to nightmare will j bo familiar with, hut still my will ! triumphed over my fears, and I lay quiet (for I I was half sitting, half lying, in tho bow of I the canoe), only turning my face so as to com- j mand a view of Umsiopogaas and the two Wakwafl who were sleeping alongside of and j beyond me. In the distance I heard a hippopotamus splash faintly, then the oivl hooted again in a kind of unnatural screaming note, and the wind began to moan plaintively through the trees, making a heart-chiiling music. Above was the black bosom of tho cloud, and past me swept the black flood of tho water, and X felt as though 1 nud death were utterly alone between them. It was very desolate. Suddenly my blood secined to freezo m my veins, and my heart to stand still. Was it fancy, or were we moving? I turned my eves to look for the other canoo which should be alongside of ns. I could not see it, but iustead 1 saw n lean nud clutching black hand liftiug itself above the guttwalo of tho littlo boat. Surely it was a nightmaro ! At the same instaut a dim hut devilish-lookiug face appeared to rise out of tho water, and thou came a lurch of the canoo, tho quirk flash of a knife, and an awful yell from tho Wakwafl who was Bleeping by my side (the same poor fellow whose odour had been annoying me), and something warm spurted into my face. In an instant the spell was broken ; I knew that it was no nightmare, but that we were attacked by swimming Musai. Snatching at the first weapon that came to hand, wliiclr happened to bo Umslopogaas's battles axe, I struck with all tny forco in iiie direction in which 1 had seen tho flush of the knife. The blow fell upon a man's arm, and, catching it against tho thick wooden gunwale of the canoe completely severed it from the body just above the wrist. As for its owner, ho uttered no sound or cry. Liko a ghost he cainc, and like a ghost ho went, leav ing behind him a bloody hand stiil gripping a great knife, or rather a short sword, that was buried in the hoart of our poor servant. Instantly there arose a hubbub and confusion, And I fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I made ' out several dark heads gliding away towards the right-hand bank, whither we were rapidly drifting, for the rope by which wo wero moored had been severed with a knife. As soon as I had realised this fact, I also realised that the scheme had been to cut the boat loose so tli.it it should drift on to the right bank (as it would have done with the natural ebb of the current), where no dcubt a party ot Masai were waiting to dig their shovel-headed spears into ns. Seizing one paddle myself, I told Umsiopogaas to tako another (for tho re maining Askari was too frightened und bewil dered to bo of any use), and together we rowed vigorously ont towards the middle of tho stream ; and not an instant too soon, for iu another minute we should have been aground, and then there would have been an end of us. As soon as wo were well out, wc set to work to paddle the canoo up stream again to where the other was moored ; and very hard and dtngerous work it was iu the dark, and with nothing but the notes of Good's stentorian shouts, which he kept firing off at intervals like a fog horn, to guide us. But at last we fetched up, and wero thankful to fiud that they had not been molested at all. No doubt the same hand that severed our rope should have severed their's also, but was led away from his purpose by an irresistiblo inclination to murder when ho got a chance, which, whilst it cost us a uiau and him his hand, undoubtedly saved all the rest of us from massacre, llad it not been for that ghastly apparition over the side of the boat — an apparition that I shall never forget till my dying hour — that cauoe wonld undoubtedly have drifted ashore before X realised wbat had happened, and this history would never bwe been written by me. Chapter III,— Tire Missing Station. We made the remains of our rope last to tho other canoe, and sat waiting for the dawn and con gratulating ourselves upon our merciful escape, which really seemed to result more from the special favor of Providence than from our own care or prowess. At last it came, and I have not often been more grateful to see the light, though so far as my canoe was concerned it re vealed a ghastly sight. There in the bottom of the little boat lay the unfortuuate Askari. the simd. or sword, in liis bosom, and the severed hand grappling the handle. I could not bear the sight, so, hauling up the stomTwhich had served as ao anchor to the other canoe, we made it fast to the murdered man and dropped bim overboard, and down lie went to the bottom, leaving nothing but a train of bubbles behind bim! Alas, when our time comes, most of us, like him, leave nothing but bubbles behind, to show that we have beeu, and the bubbles soou burst. The hand of his murderer we threw into the slreim. and I saw a young crocodile seize it as it was slowly sinking. The sime", or sword, of which the handle was ivory, inkrd with gold (evidently Arab work), i kept and me! as a hunting knife, and very useful it proved. Then, a man having beeu transferred to mv canoe, we once more started on in very low spirits, and uot feeling at all comfortable us to tbe future, but fondly hoping to fetch up at the " Iligblauds" station by night. To make matters worse, within au hour of sunrise it came on to rain in torrents, wet ting us to tho skiu. and even necessitating the occasional bailing out of the canoes, and as the rain beat down the wind we could not use our sails, aud had to get along as best we could with our paddles. At 11 o'clock we halted on au open piece of ground ou tbe left bank of the river, und, the raiu abating a little, managed to m ike a fire, and catch and boil some fi-h. We did not dare to wander about to search for game. At 2 o'clock .ve got ptl again, taking a supply of boiled fish with us, aud shortly afterwards the rain came ou liurder than ever. Also the river began to get exccciliugiy difficult t > navigate on account of the numerous rocks, reaches of shallow water, and the increased force of the current : so that it soon became clear to us that we should not reach the iiev Mackenzie a hospitable roof that night — a prospect that did not tend to enliven us. Toil as wo wppld, we eouid uot make more than au aver age pf a mile au hour, aud at 5 o'clock in tho afternoon (by which time we wero all utterly worn out) we reckoned that we wore still quite 19 miles below tho statiou. This being so, we set to work to make the best arraugeiueuts we could for tbe night. After our recent experi ence, we simply did uot dare to laud, more especially as the batiks of the Tana were here clothed with dense bush that would have giveu cover to five thousand Masai, and at first 1 thought that we were goiug to have auothcr night of it in the canoes. Fortunately, however, we espied a little rocky islet, not more than 15 yards or so square, situated nearly in the middle of the river. For this we paddled and, making fast the canoes, landed and made ourselves as com fortable as circumstances wonld permit, which was very uncomfortable indeed. As for the weather, it continued to oo simply >fa doqln hl<> owl was a ulna ess bird. 1 ttfsat w«r,l. learnt tlms 'he ho Unit of an oiri M « rireriuj svual anions tbe M.iii trlbta. vile, the rain coming down in sheets till we were rhilled to the marrow, and ntterly pre venting us from lighting a fire. There was, however, one consoling circumstance about this rain j our Askari declared that nothing would induce tho Masai to make an attack in it, as they intensely disliked moving about iu tho wet, pcrlmps, as Good suggested, because tlicv hate the idea of wash ing. We a»c suite insipid and sodden cold fish — that is, with the exception of Umsiopogaas, | who. like most Zulus, cannot bear fish — and i took a pull of brandy, of which we for tunately bad a few bottles each, and then com- meuccd what, with ono exception — when we i three white men nearly perished of cold on the snow of Shebns Breast, in tho course of our jour ney to IvukuiMalnud — was, I think, the most j trying night I ever experienced. It seemed absolutely endless, and once or twice I feared | that two of the Askari would have died of tho ' wet, cold and exposure. Indeed, had it not I been for timely doses of Irnndy I am suro that they wonld have died, for no Africau people can stand intrch exposure, which first paralyses and then kills them. I could see that oven that iron old warrior Umsiopogaas felt it keenly ; though, in strange contrast to the Wak- walis, who groaned and bemoaned their ato unceasingly, ho never uttered a singleconplaint. To make mutters worse, about 1 in the morn- ' ing we again heard the owl's ominous hooting, and had at once to prepare ourselves for another attack ; though if anybody had attempted it I do not think we conld have offered a very effec tive resistance. But either the owl was a honft .fide one this time, or else the Masai wore themselves too miserable to think of offensive < pcrations, which, indeed, they rarely, if over, undertake in bush voldt. At nay rate, wo saw nothing of them. At last the dawn came gliding across tho water, wrapped in wreaths of ghostly mist, and with the daylight the rain ceased ; and then, oh joy 1 out came the glorious sun, sucking up tho mists and wanning the chill air. Benumbed, and utterly exhausted, we dragged onrsolves to our feet, and went and stood in the bright rays, and were thankful for them. I can quito under stand how primitive people becotuo sun worship pers, cspoc ally if their conditions of life rendered them liable to exposure. In half nu hour more wo wore once more making fair progress with tho help of a good iviud. It soemed that our spirits had retnraed with the sunshine, and wo wore ready to laugh at difficulties aud dangers that had been almost crushing ou the previous day. And so we went ou cheerily till about II o'clock. Just as wo werei thiukiug of halting as usual, to rest and try to shoot something to eat, a suddon bond in the river brought us in sight of a substantial looking Europoan house with a verandah round it, splendidly situated upon a hill, and surrounded by a high stone wnll with a ditch on tho outor side. Right against and overshadowing the house was on euormous pine, the top of which wo have seen through a glass for the last two days, but of course without kuowing that it markod tho site of the mission station. I was the first to sec tho house, and could not restrain myself from giving a hearty cheer, in which tho others, including the natives, joined lustily, l'horc was no thought of halting now. On we labored, for, unfortunately, though the house seemed quite near, it was still a long way off by river, until at Inst, by one o'clock, we found ourselves at the bottom of tho slope on which the building stood. Running the cnuoes to tho bank, we looked out, and were jost hauling them upon tho shore, when wo perceived three figures, dressed iu ordinary English-looking clothes, hurrying down through a grove of trees to meet us. " A gentleman, a lady, and a littlo girl," ejaculated Good, after surveying the trio through his eyeglass, " walking in a civilised fashiou, through a civilised garden, to meet us iu this place. Hang me if this isn't the most curious thing wo have seen yet.'' Good was right : it certainly did seem odd and out of place— more like a scene out of a" dream or Italian opera than a real, tangible fact ; aud the sense of unreality was not lessened when wo heard ourselves addressed in good broad Scotch, which, however, I cannot reproduce. " How do you do, sirs," said Mr. Mackenzie, a grey haired, angular man, with a kindly face and red cheeks ; "I hope I soe you vory well. My natives told me au hour ago they spied tw'o canoes with white mou in them coming up tiie river ; so we hare just come down to meet you," "And it is very glad that we are to see & white face ngain, let me tell you," put in a lady — a charming and refined looking person. We took off our hats in acknowledgment, and proceeded to introduce ourselves. ' And now," said Mr. Mackenzie, " you must all bo hungry and weary : so come ou, gentlemen, come on, and right glad we are to seeyou. The last white who risited us was Al- phonse — you will see Alplionse presently — and that was a year ago." Meanwhile we had been walking up the slope of the hill, lire lower portion of which was fenced off. sometimes with quince fences aud sometimes with rough stone walls into Ksflir gardens, just now full of crops of mealies, pumpkin?, potatoes, etc. Iu the corner of these gardens were groupings of neat mushroom shaped huts, occupied by Mr. Mackenzie's mission natives, whose women aud children came pouring out to meet us as wo walked. Through the centre of thuSe gardens ran the roadway up which we were walking. It was bordered ou each side by a line of orauge trees, wtiicb, although they had only been planted ten years, had in the lorcly climate of tho uplands below Mt. Kenia, the base of which is about 5000 feet above the coast liue level, already grown to imposing proportions, and were positively iadeu with golden fruit, After a stifiish climb of a quarter of a mile or so — for fire hill side was steep — we came to a splendid quiuco fence, also covered with fruit, which enclosed, Mr Mackenzie told us, a space of about four acres of grouud that comprised his private garden, house, church, and outbuildings, and. indeed, tbe whole hill top. Aud what a garden it was I I have always lovtd a good garden, aud I could have thrown up my hauds for joy when I suw Mr. Mackenzie's. First there were rows upou rows of standard European fruit- trees. ail grafted ; for on the top of this hill tire climate was so temperate that very nearly a'l the Kaglish vegciaules, trees and flowers flourished Irt.t-i.inily, even including several varieties of the apple, which, generally speak ing, ruus to wood in a warm climate and ob stinately declines to fruit. Then there wore strawherries and tomatoes (such tomatoes 1), and melons and cucumbers, and, indeed, every sort of vegetable and fruit. Well, yon have something liko a garden ?" I said, overpowered with admiration not un touched by envy. Yes," auswered tire missionary, " itisavery good garden, aud has well repaid my labor ; but it is the climate that I have to thank. If you stick a peach stone into tho ground it will bear fruit the fourth year, aud a rose cutting will bloom in a year. It is a lovely clime." Just then we came to a ditch about 10 feet wide, and full of water, on the other side of which was a loop-holed stoue wall 8 feet high, and with sharp flints plentifully set in mortar on the coping. " There," said Mr. Mackenzie, pointing to tit. ditch and wall, " this is my magnum opus . at least, this and the church, which is the other side of the house. It took ma aud 20 natives two years to dig tbe ditch and build the wall, but I never felt sate till it was done ; and now I can defy all tbe savages in Africa, tor the spring that fills the ditch is inside the wall, and bubbles out at the top of tbe hill winter and summer alike, aud ; I always keep a store of four mouths' orori- i sions iu tho house." 