A MODERN ZOROASTRIAN. Mr. Samuel Laing has once more entered tho field of authorship, and in the present work, which has been written for the purpose of sounding the depths of the most profound pro- blems concerning the origin and evolution of the universe, he can hardly fail to command tho respectful attention of advanced thinkers even beyond what he succeeded in doing in his previous volume entitled Modern Science and Modern Thought, Mr. Laing furnishes a remarkable instance of an able men who has played many parts and adorned every position which he has filled. He laid the solid foun dation of a thoughtful and cultured life at Cambridge. But as Herbert Spencer remarks .- " Goodness of education is to be tested by the capacity for using knowledge — by tho extent to which tho knowledge gained has been turned into faculty, so as to be available for tho pur poses of life and for tho purposes of intellectual investigation." This is a lesson which Mr. Laing did not fail to lay earnestly to heart at the very commencement of his ver satile career, and it proves a lodestar to him even at a period when the Psalmist's limit of three score years and ten has already been exceeded. For some time he was distinguished as an Indian Government financier. On his return to England he entered Parliament and sat in the House of Commons as representative of a Scotch constituency where he remained until well advanced in years. During a considerable part of that time he also acted as chairman of the London and Brighton Railway Company, being known in the world's metropolis of finance chiefly as the skilful administrator of a line which long encountered formidable difficulties, and whose "preference shares " served as the most notorious gambling counter of stock exchange speculation in the whole list of similar British properties. If ever appearances were deceptive in the history of an individual, it is in the case of Mr. Laing. It is now evident that while to tho business minds with which he came in con tact in railway negotiations, ho seemed exclusively absorbed with the prosaic occupa tions of a leading railway director he bad been sedulously devoting his leisure to tho severe study of science, philosophy and archaic history in their relations to universal law and human ' development. His mastery of tho principles of modern science and modern thought in a previous volume astonished not a few scientific experts who had not suspected so forcible, lucid, and well informed an exposition of a great subject from a source outwardly dissociated from recognised scientific circles. There can be no doubt that for the scientific portion of tho work Mr. Laing is largely in debted to Darwin, Huxley, Haeckel and Cooke, although he is justly entitled to credit for luring reached his conclusions on philosophic and religions questions by an independent course of reasoning. Tho advantage of having a lay man of Mr. Laing's experience and ability as a teacher on topics of an abstruse character is that he has long been a reputed adept at making statistics thoroughly intelligible, and always takes the most direct and least academic route possible to the goal of his argument, con sistently with clearness. The author calls himself a modern Zoroas- trian, not because he wishes or expects to teach a new religion or revive an old one. But the belief of Zoroaster nad his Farsee followers is that the fundamental law of the universe was that of a ceaseless and inevitable conflict of two principles, known to tho ancient Persians as Ormuzd and Ahriman, or Light and Darkness, and with this view he seems to be in accord. All religious Mr. Lang regards as ' ' working hypotheses " by which successive ages and races of men "try to satisfy the aspirations and harmouise the knowledge which, in the course of evolution, have come to be, for the time, their spiritual equipment." Of all religious hypotheses which remain workable in the present state of human knowledge, how ever, that seems to him the best which frankly recognises the existence of the dual law above mentioned, the law of polarity, as the only available medium of reconciling tho otherwise hopeless contradictions exhibited in the at tempted solutions of moral paradox furnished by popular faiths. Beginning tho construction of his scheme of thought with a discussion of atoms his contenlion is that these are built up into molecules nad added to the various forms composing tho material universe, or parted primarily by polar forces. Beyond the specific shape, weight and indes tructibility of atoms and their mode of aggre gation into molecules science knows nothing. What is the character of the force behind the atom which is decribed as polarisation, Mr. Laing properly affirms, has continued to baffle the boldest and most skilful intellects, and to call the hidden process by which the manifold forms of matter are fashioned by a new name, affords no assis tance in penetrating the mystery. In the chap ters on Ether, which men of science are pretty well agreed occupies the boundless dominions of space, and on Energy which can be trans formed, but neither created nor destroyed, the author takes occasion to illustrate tho now com monly accepted principle of light and heat being modes of motion. Polarity, as applied to matter and life, is expounded with a wealth of interest ing facts pointing to the organic as developed out of the inorganic. In comparing tho animal and vegetable kingdoms, Mr. Laing calls atten- that it is difficult to know where vegetable life ends and animal life begins. "A whole family comprising sponges, corals and jelly fish, are called zoophytes or plant animals, from the difficulty of assigning them to one kingdom or tho other. On tho whole they rather more resemble animals and are generally classed with them, though they lack many of their most essential qualites, and in form, often bear a close resemblance to plants. But when we descend a step lower in tho scale of exis tence we come to a large family — the Protista — of which it is impossible to say that they are either plants of animals." The conclusion drawn by the writer is that there is a complete parallelism between the evolution of animal and vegetable life, from the earliest to the latest and from the simplest to the most com plex forms, and that both worlds start from a common origin in protoplasm. From this point of departure they have advanced step by step along diverging lines until the sharp anti thesis is reached between an ox and an oak tree, the generalised law of polarity producing the vegetable as food for the animal. Sexual differences are represented as being results of tho same law. Mr. Laing shows these to have been preceded by tho Monera family- consisting of simple specks of homogeneous protoplasm which multiply by self-division. "Amoeba A, when it outgrows its natural size, contracts in the middle and splits into two Amoebae B and C which are exactly like one another and like tho original A. In fact B contains one-half of its parent A, and C the other half. They each grow to tho size of the original A, and then repeat the process of splitting and duplicating themselves." The next earliest stage in the evolution of living matter, the nucleated cell, does exactly the same. The nucleus splits into two, and each part becomes a new nucleus for tho protoplasmic matter of tho original cell. A further advance in tho process of animal pro pagation before tho principle of sex is intro duced, is by germs or buds, then by spores and subsequently by ova. In accounting for the phenomena of religion, Mr. Laing adopts the ghost theory of Herbert Spencer, and explains the evolution of places of worship and sacrifices on tho hypothesis of spirits being supposed by primeval man to require homes and articles of food. But the highest archaeological authorities are at variance with the author on this point, believing as they do that tho recognition of the universal law of reproduction was tho first step taken by prehistoric man towards the con ception of a deity ; and certainly the earliest known developments of religions symbolism lend countenance to that notion. Hence from tho fetish worship of a tree with a serpent coiled around it as a symbol of tho great reproductive principle pervading natare the mind of primitive man extends to the worship of the sun, which cult effloresced into tho vast ramifications of astronomi cal mythology, emblems of which are to lie found scattered over nations south as well as north of tho equator. Fire and ancestor wor ship, with Henotheism, followed in chronological order, and, later still, Monotheism arose as a strictly Semitic product. Pointed attention, however, is called by Mr. Laing to tho momentous circumstance that Pantheism, tho great rival faith of Monotheism, is professed by half tho human race, notably tho teeming millions of India, China, Japan, Ceylon, Thibet, Siam and Burmah. With the latter what Cardinal Newman calls the "illative sense" irresistibly inclines to Pantheism as against Monotheism. A conversation which took place between an American missionary and the Bozu, or chief priest of the great Temple of the Shin sect of Buddhists at Kioto, in Japan, is worth quoting, as showing the startling fact that an enormous proportion of mankind are prepared with their clergy to contend against the idea of a personal Creator. Replying to the Christian missionary's argument from design, the chief priest said, " No ; God cannot make matter. Only artificial things show design, only things which can be made. What do you mean by saying a thing shows design ? You only mean that by trying a man could make it." And he proceeded to illustrate thus : — " You show me a gold ring ; the ring shows design, but not tho gold : gold is an ultimate element, which can neither be made nor destroyed. When men can make a world, then they can prove that this one shows design, for the only way they know of design is by what they make." On the alleged ground that mat ter was eternal and energy is conserved and uncreated, he argued the pre-existence and transmigration of souls, concluding against tho creation and government of the world by a comprehensible, anthropomorphic Creator by adducing the existence of evil. " There is a sickness," he said, " called fever and ague ; what do you call the medicine to cure that ?' " Quinine." " Yes ; now, we have not found that long ; a good God would not have let so many people suffer if He could have given them that. A man found it by chance." On many grounds, which for want of space cannot be particularised, Mr. Laing gives a decided preference to Zoroastrianism over all other cults. Tho great Persian prophet abo lished polytheism, and established in its stead the worship of Ormuzd, the occupant of infinite luminous space, and sometimes represented as identical with space, who cannot be defined or understood. The main distinction of this religion is that it recognises existence as necessarily implying polarity or good and evil as the absolute and indissoluble complements of each other. It is weighted with no dogmas, requires no faith in miracles, and is in perfect harmony with tho most advanced discoveries of science. "The Parsee has no reason to tremble for his faith if a Galileo invents the telescope or Newton discovers the law of gravity." The code of Zoroastrian morality is, it must be acknowleged, as pure as it is perfect, It condemns murder, infanticide, poisoning, adultery both on the part of men and women, sorcery, sodomy, cheating in weight and measure, breach of promise, no matter who it is made to, telling lies, deceit, falso covenants, slander, calumny, perjury, dishonest appropriation of wealth, taking bribes, keeping back the wages of laborers, removal of boundary stones, turning out people from their properly, maladministration, rebelliou, &c.; These are but a limited speci men of the moral requirements of the system, which Mr. Laing believes comprises all that is best in the codes of Buddhism, Judaism and Christianity. Tho sanitary obligations it enjoins, moreover, rank among not the least important of its excellencies. No doubt can exist as to the Parsee tendencies of Mr. Laing, and tho wish he expresses in reference to the future of Christianity is that it may approxi mate as closely as possible to tho goodness and morality of Zoroastrianism. 