THE EDITOR'S GHOST. I was once night-editor of a morning paper. My associate in the local department* was Ward Sul fin, ajoung fellow o£ keen percep tions, ready wit, and active ability.. . Nothing escaped Mb observation. He was indefatigably industrious, and picked up all the news, delving out items from the most apparently barren ground, and oar department of local news, soon after his adTent, outstripped those of all our contemporaries. Ward had only one fault, however. The . social bowl possessed wonderful attractions for TiittIj and it was too often evident that he had been imbibing more freely than sound judg ment would dictate. _ | Well do I remember when he choBe for his theme "Dregs and Scum." He penetrated the vilest haunts of the loweBt classes, and described their habits in a wonderfully vivid manner. Their vices, their misfortunes, the bright spots in their lives together with scraps of adventure pnd incident—exciting, amusing, and pathetic—were all treated with rare spirit and grace by his ready pen. Of course, in this pursuit he visited the resort of thieves, villains, desperadoes, and plunged into scenes against his safe exit from which there were many chances. Ward and I when at work occupied a room to ourselves, while the managing editor and Bailey, his assistant, had another apartment just across the hall. One night Ward said to me: " Well, Feasible, I guess I'll go out and see what I can see. I've sent in a couple of columns, and Dobbin will be on the lookout to report if anything turns up. I'll be back by half past-one or two." "Ward," I said looking him in the face, "hadn't you befter wait till to-morrow night ?" *'Why? Oh! I know; you think I'm exactly not well balanced. But I'm all right, I'm in just the mood for it to-nighf, too." " Yes, your always are, for that matter. Where do you propose to go to-night ?" " Down to " The very worst place in the city. The concentration of vile and desperate lawlessness! " You're not in earnest, Ward. You're not going there to-night, are you " That's just where I am going. You know their great Mogul, Barney Buck, is waiting trial for that highway robbery, and I want to hear their comments. Jove! won't it be a treat!" " Well, Ward, I wouldn't go, that's all." " Well, Feasible, I dont want you to go. But :i*m going." " You may take this if you want it," and I unlocked a drawer and drew ont a revolver. " No! " he exclaimed, laughing in scorn. " You bad better take it. " But he persisted in declining. " "Very well, have your own way. But be cool and keep a sharp look-out. And promise me one thing, Ward, that you will not drink anything more to-night, at least, until you get back." He had been slowly moving towards the door, and now rushed out suddenly exclaiming with a laugh: " "All right!" After he had gone I moved uneasily in my chair for some-moments, and at last, with an effort, bent myself to the work before me. Presently Bailey came in. " Where's Sutfin ?" he asked. " Don't ask," I replied. . "Oh! he exclaimed with a growl. Been gone long. " " Till have-past one," he said. " Well I hope he'll get back." And with the last word the door swung to, as Bailey retired. . I echoed an Amen! to bis wish. We all liked Ward, and felt an interest in him. He was so young, so bright, and capable of so much. My head was not clear that night. So I took my meerschaum down from its shelf, scraped it out carefully, went to a pri vate drawer and filled the pipe with some genuine Turkish tobacco that I kept on hand for rare occasions like the present one. I suspect it contained a liberal admixture of those fascinating, treacherous drugs for which the east is famous, for its effect was always indescribably exhilarating. Perhaps I took a more liberal allowance than usual that time. I never felt so keen or so fascinated bv any work as on .that particular night. I worked on steadily. and untiringly, con scious of no effort, and completely absorbed in the task before me. My tasks were completed, with the exception of one or two trifles, and I leaned back in my chair and yawned. Happening to look round I beheld the door \- open .noiselessly, and Ward Sutfin entered. It was about two o'clock or after. ; "What's the matter, Ward?" I cried, for there was a bright red wound on his forehead, and every vestige of colour seemed to have faded from his lace. He paid no attention to my enquiry, but proceeded directly to his desk and eat down. He walked with bis usual quick step, and immediately on seating himself took pencil and paper and began to write. " Ward, I say Still be did not reply. His pencil travelled over the paper rapidly. " Ward!" I spoke loud and sharply... But he paid no attention to my voice. I concluded that he was so absorbed as not,, to hear me—though that would not be like him. I felt curious to know how he had received the wound on his forehead, which, however, I concluded from his cool behaviour could be nothing serious. . I took a newspaper, rolled it up into a bunch, and threw it at his head, thinking to startle him. Horror! It seemed.to go right through him, and he went on writing, apparently un disturbed. I gazed at him spellbound. Finally, he threw down his penciiand arose. "See here, old boy!" I .exclaimed, springing up and starting towards.!him. ■ Without even so much as looking at me he walked quickly to the door opened it, seeming to glide out, and closed it noielessly after him. Going into the hall I expected to overtake him, but he was not in sight. I ran across an office boy. " Did you see Mr. Sutfin just now ?" I asked. " No, sir." " You did not ?" "No sir. There ha'n't been anybody here.'' " How long have you been here ?" "A few minutes." " Ward certainly just came out of here from my room." " I didn't see him." I was bewildered. I went to my room, and was just about to sit down to my table, when I bethonght myself to. examine what Ward had written and left. I went to his desk, and to my intense astonishment and horror, read the following: "Murder—Mr. Ward Sutfin, local editor of this paper, came by his deathatthe hands of assassins shortly before 2 t>'cloek this morn* ing. He had-been attending—as a spectator— an indignation meeting, and while leaving waB set upon fay three ruffiafas and severely beaten. One of the trio accomplished their murderous design by striking a fearful blow on his fore head with a small bar of iron. They left the body in a cellar in Pinehe'* Alley." At first I was bo transfixed as to be able only to hold the paper in my hand and stare at it. . I read it thrice over, scanning each word and letter with horrible fascination. It was Ward's handwriting—there was no mistake abont that; and Ward had written it—fori had seen him,. I pounced upon a conclusion without delay, and that was, that Ward had been murdered, and that I had seen his ghost. The place mentioned as the receptacle of Ward's body must be searched without any delay. I laid down the paper and went to the door. As I opened it a gust of wind swept in creating quite a commotion among the papers. I sprang back to the table. Ward's manuscript bad blown off with the rest, and I stooped down to look for it. Just then I heard . Bailey's step in the ball, and L .cried ^ "Bailey! Bailey! come is here for heaven's sake." What's np, Feasible ?" I can't distinctly recollect, much lees account for my manner on that night. " It's just as I feared," I said, still search ing for the missing paper. " What is it ?" " Ward " " What of hiin ?" : " He is killed^'.' -Ward killed! How! When! Who brought the news ?" I suddenly paused in my search, and stared at him "blankly as he asked the last question. "Why don't you answer me? Who told you ? Where is he ?" "In a cellar in Finche's Alley." "Who brought the news? Will you answer that?" " He did himself — or rather his ghost did," I answered doggedly. "See here, Feasible," said Bailey sharply, " don't have any fooling on such a subject. Are you joking, or are you not ?" " Joking! No, no! I wish I was. But come on ?" I seized him by the shoulder, and endeavored to drag him towards the door. " We must find his body." Bailey thought I was out of my mind, and I did not blame him. He disengaged himself from my grasp, and wheeled about facing me. " Now tell me what you mean!" he said sternly, with a voice and manner that brought me back to coherency. In as calm a manner as possible I related to him the events of the few moments just passed. When I had concluded he eyed me nar rowly, and his face, bore an incredulous look. " You don't believe," I said. " But be kind enough to help me for a moment, and we will soon find the paper. The wind blew it on the floor." I felt rather chagrined, and was doubly anxious to find it; but it was not to be found. We searched every nook and corner, and examined every stray scrap. " It must have fallen into the fireplace," I said. "See, there are its charred remains!" " Yes, I- see," said Bailey, looking at me pityingly. " But never mind to- night, Feasible. You had -better go home and get rested." " You are trifling," I ejaculated. " You don't believe me; but I have spoken the truth, and you or someone else must go with me immediately." Bailey poohed, and endeavored to persuade me out of this idea. I made my way to the police station, and was furnished: with an escort of two officers. Soon we ^turned' into finche's Alley, a narrow, dirty, dark lane. ! Down into the damp places and nests of filth we peered, withdrawing from each as we had scanned it thoroughly. At last we found ^e dead body of Ward! I looked first at the forehead, where there was a bright, red^wound, corresponding pre cisely with the one I had seen on—what ? The body was taken to the hospital, in order to ascertain beyond a doubt whether or not life was extinct. ^ The physician said he must have been dead an hour. I thought when I returned to the office that Bailey looked on me with an expression akin to awe. I spare all sickening details of the excite ment that followed, of the talk abont my part in the tragedy, of the further search of the murderers. Afterwards Bailey made me give him a more explicit account of the strange manner in which I received information of the tragic event.' I do not attempt to give any explanation of what I have related. The facts—or my memory of them—I have laid before you. 