Dolmbjr <£ntiuic, Soontft. My Dba.u JiisLijK,—Tho matrimonial markot Is steadily on tho inoronso, and I havo just hoard of two or throe oapltnl Invostmonta, Tho first la between tho handsomest modloo In Quartzopolls to tho protty daughter of a late apeoulator in tho snmo golden city. Tho sooond botwoon a young Englishman who haa re cently boon noquirlng colonial oxporlonoo on a station owned by the brother- in-law of our Supremo Orurtath lit'o judge, to tho hnndsomo daughtor of a Into CJommls alonor of Titles. Tho third is botwoon a gentleman well known in soft- good oirolos, tho son of uOlvll Sjrvant, in H. M. Oustoma, to tho daughtor of a bank managor. And tho grand-daughtor of tho first proprietor of tho "Herald" ia early Melbourne days. I must toll you suoh ft quoor story whloh wo hoard Mr. Primrose tolling my fathor while thoso two woro smoking on tho vomndnh | but ploasa don't broatho It, for .I'm sui'o It's not quite ft oioo story, although aw fully funny. Onoo upon ft tlma a married aoupla ro sldod In ono of our fftshlonnblo suburbs, tho wlfo, thinking a visit to n rolatlvo would bo n plonsnnt change, kissed ftnd bado hor hubby good-byo—-poor man, ho whs grofttly afleotod, ns sollbucTo for him had no charms. Whllo In ono of thoso dospondlng states of mind, ho ontorod a railway oarrlaga In whloh sat a liidy with an oxtroraoly bright pair of oyos, Tho two sat opposite to oaoh othor, ana tho lady botng of a conxnufilofttlvc turn of mlncl, convocation botwoon tho two soon booama most nnlinfttod. Hho wished so much to see I'rlncuss Ida, but then a lady couldn't go nlono. Undui'ithu olroumstanoos, and his wife away, ho oouidn't do less than oll'ur his osaort, whloh was naaoptod with a series of such protty blushes that his heart wont pit a-pftt. A dlllloulty aroso i Tho ovorland mall had lost hur box containing hor opora wrnp, and whftt was sho to do? " Never mind," gallantly rospondod tho gontlo man, " I'll manage that," for ho rooollootod that In tho wardrobe that morning ho hnd soon his wlfo's fur-llnod crimson plush wrap, and lending It for ono tllghbto this pretty widow would suroly do it no harm, and his wife couldn't fool angry, as sho would novor hoar of It. After a hasty dinner, tho bonodlot and his fair frlond met at the railway station,from whouoo tlioy prooocdod by hansom to tho Princess', tho lady profuse In hor thanks for the loan of thu cloak,' Aftor tho thoatro was over (lie hansom drovo to tho lady's house, and as It was very cold, sho bogged sho might bo allowed to retain tho wrap, promising to aorul It back Oftrly In tho morning. He, aftor an oft-ropoatod good-byo, tho lady went Inside, and tho bonodlot drovo homo, Tho wife uuexpeetudly returned, Hor rolatlvo was going to give a annuo, and sho wan tad hor ovonlng drosrps and hvr crimson plush oloak, Hoads of perspiration broke out. on tho unhappy husband's faoo, for wnoro was the clonk, and departing hastily to kooj) a business appointment, lie drove to the house of tho widow, svlio, however, declared tho gentleman had mauo some mis take, as she had novor boforo In hor ll/onoon lilm, muoh loss the nlusli mantle, and that If. ho oonunuod thin unwarranted Impurtlnonoo, olio would cum nor mm bund. 'I'lilriKrt woro boeomltig now vory serious, but, after u promise of u tCfl note, tlio lady admitted Mint, boinu proHHod for iiumoy, who had yloldod l.o temptation and had borrowed just a trlllo on It., ami thut If ho llkud (.0 pay tho tun shUltnyH to Mr, Mohoii JitwuruH In the noxt HLrool, Iio could got It. Thin fact lircitijdib another dlllloulty, Tlio pro* pi'lotiir In tliu next ntroub know by Hljjht both, him uud iila wll'o, no ;;n for It Iio ooiihln't, 0 tiling 11 oabby, and ourofully tide 111 k bin uumbur, 1111 oonlldod Ida troubles, itnd 11 i'imiIhoiI hint all Ida private custom ami an extra faro for t.lda Joiirtiuv If ho omihl ffiit tlio ulouk, Uubby waa hiiooohmI'iiI, and anon ruttirnud with tlm f(or{{onuH opora cloak rollnd up In an utiriici<i«idMi;hlo ball) ami whhdi tin rol'iiHud point, blank to jdvo tip ttndora ckhii iiiImiIoii of ton hIiIIIIiikh, Tim uhnili, however, waa on oponlnp, I'onnil to bo uaohma, ua iioino liquid-—lumnn aqiiuali poaalbly--bad ovlduntly boon spilt, ovor If, Tho oloak la allll iiiIhmIiij?, and t.ho wll'o liaa aorlona tlioiitflda of oliar/dnp tlio liouaoioald with Ita disappearance, An I havo boon atavlnjf ill. Hi. Klltln with tlio l'rliu« i'omum, I wini Inoludod In tliolr Invitation l,n tlio "At lloino " iflvon by tho Mayor and Mayoroaaof Mt„ Kltda on 'I'noaday, It ivaaan awful pluoo of look for too, for 1 a uloor ball, tlio pouplo Inoliidnd, 1 linvo auldoin boon j to. i'ivoryouo wan thorn flint uou wanted to or oared j to moot, and ua tlm mutt woro In thu majority, yon may 1 imagino we glrla had quite a lively time of it. As the room was at all times most inconveniently crowded, conversation naturally reverted to the one soul absorb ing topic now agitating the minds of the people of St. Kilda, via. the site of the new Town Hall. For myself, dear, of course, I don't oare whero they put it so long as it is not in some low-lying hot-bed of fevor like tne Greyhound site. The first election in the matter, however, was decided by the votes of the rate payers yesterday, but I have not heard yet which of the throe parties have won the day, viz., the Hillitcs, Shopitos or Flatitcs. Yes dear, judging from some of our recent visitors it is evident that the Eluo Ribbon Army are soriously negleoting their duty. Just fancy, dear, two such nine long letters from dear old Auntio, who appears to be enjoying hor Tasmanian visit so much that 1 doubt very much whether wo shall see her at all before our Oup carni val. Auntie's first letter bears the 1'asmanlan postmark of March 15 and Toorak, August 10, so that the 500 miles that separate Tasmania from Victoria must, without doubt, have been accomplished in a fow days short of flva months. This wonderful speed is perfectly astounding to those unusod to the oare, energy and dospatch which invariably characterise all mattors eonnootod with that admirably arranged department—• the Molbourno post-ottloe. In this long-delayed letter is a full aocount of tho profuse and reckless extrava gance that distinguishes tho Vioe- rogal menage in tho tight little island, whero such luxuries as salt, sugar and tallow oandlos are woighed out by tho ounoo, by its Home Rule mistress. Auntio says there is a talo about the purohaso of a ham for an ovoning roooptlon, and tho roturn of it tho next day to the rostaurant minus tho one pound and a quartor oonsumod by tho hungry guests at this ghost of a banquet. Tho pooplo of that beautiful though not over prosperous llttlo Island are naturally muoh disgusted at this wanton and uncalled for wnsto. Auntio says, to call this man a Homo Ruler is a mls-nomer, as ho really is tho Homo Kulod, B* hot* mora roodnt latter It appears tho fair Tag manlan Is turning ovor a braud-now loaf lay joining tho " sisterhood,!' attaohod to tho High Ohuroh of England, When tho proposal to ostabltsh an Institu tion of this kind was brought before tho rooont Synod, It was carried by a majorly of 80, tho bishop and doan boing amongst tho warmest aupportors of tho movomont. Whothor she will suooeod In bringing about this radical ohango In her oharnotor, or whothor (poor thing) human nature—that is Tasmnntan human nature—is Inourablo, romnins to bo soon. Apropos of sisterhood, 1 do not know whothor I told you that a Victorian girl, tho youngest daughter of a lato resi dent of Carlton, who, during Ufa, was ono of tho bost and most aharitnblo of womon in Melbourne, had left Vlotorla for Paris to enter a aonvont, similar in Its good work to that of tho Little Sisters of tho Poor, By tho byo, Tom says that a olorla of high standing In his ohuroh, wall kno vn for his koon judgment in land speculations, has lately sooedod from hU order to that of tho Jesuits, who will, doubtless, valuo this rooont acquisition to their ranks, Op nil tho olootlous, clanr, that I know o£, thora la nouo In my Idon to oomo up to that ol putting up for tho directory of a batik. My futhor, na you know doat*, is by no moans an oxoltnblo man, yot whon tho roault of tho olootlon of tho Hank of Vlotorla boonmo known, ho was wild with joy—just llko n bnrrnakor of tho University football toiun nftar n suooosa ngnlnst St, Klldn or lllohmond. Why donr, ho brought Amy nnd mo homo tho lovollost of pearl bangles, nnd told mothor to buy whntovor sho Jlkod boat, for now that tho bost of now bualnosa blood hna boon trnnafitsod Into tho Dlroatory nnd tho hereditary ays torn hna boon outvoted, shnros nnd dlvldonds would both soon rlso to whnt thoy should hnvo nttnluod long ngo, Yins, donr, wo hnvo boon two or ttiroo tlraos to tho Mxhlbltlon, for tho Chlnoso Gnrnlvnl Is undoubtedly tho most gorgeous pngonnt over yot soon In Australia,* Yot,' donr, among nil tho rangnllloonb bnnnors shown thoro nvo none that onn In nny way oompnra olthor in design or banuty to tho ono now bolng shown by tho oommlttoo of tho Woman's Hospital Bannar nt tho l^x lilbltlon, whloh I iionrd mothor nnying would bo formally proaoutod to tho Ohlnoso roaldonts of Mel bourne some day shortly In tho Town Hall. This la a capital idea, for .1 think all thoso ladlos and goritlomon who woiu'lod so lnoossnnlly at tho Women's Hospital llanaar are ontltlod to more than tho " bird's oyo vlow " of tholr gift than at prosont uil'jrdod thorn at tho Ghluoso Oarnlval, Tho banner Is of ohorry oolourod satin, almost oovorod with tho most gorgeous and artlHtlo goldon oinbroldorod dragons wltii hoadlng unci poudaut bordering of oxrpilslto (Jlilua plaques ) a stylo of decoration now oyon to IIioho daft-ltnguroil ohlldron of tho moon, Altogothor It is tho most wonderful plooo of handiwork soon out of Ulilna. I'A Iihh uoito to tho mootliitf ol' tho ynuhl olub j tlm rtilbJooL uiiclor cllfloimsjloiv bolii# whothor tho oontlng bull Hluul bo it BubMot'lptiou or mi luvttittlon oiio, Tlto'iimit toiti' (iot't'oniwtnou nt Hf. I'otor'n Wohnolroom wwi vol1)' wooil, mul M Uh Tsvouililull uotuil woll it tut looUuil vur'y imitty. two itiliulrnblu triilln lit im uiiiutour uotrumi, Mm, It. I'owor Itim tiikoii tho iiilllittlvo mul him kIvuu llio llrnt Hltutluw (Mtt'tVi ivtttl on Wiuliumility iil'tornuou wo worn pi'tmonl itb tlm i<ittluu,lii|.t id. Hut Wouth Yitvm llluk, wliluli wum into of tlio moiit |ilotiNiiut fiitit,L(itiul>lo. Amonif tho vlnltoM wot'o tltu (lovtinior mul Intily liooh. with whom oiimo tho MImmum IiouIi, l!,i|iliiln Tinlll unit Mi1. Kurt, A, 1>.<!.'«, Iionl tfhiil'tonbiiry. (only Htnwoil. illliiH Ntuwoll, Alt', mill Aim, Arthur llluouwooil, Mr, nrnl Mm, Alburt Mlllor, Mm. MitlUiuon, Mbin lOn^iitiui, Mr«, Miuhloii, Mm. mul MImm Uhhllti, Mm, mul Allnn (Iroitkor. Men, W'rlxon, <litoiuil mul Mm, llt'owni'lmfi Aim. mul AIImm Wnlluii't Mr, mul Mm, Bhluhln, mul it lot ot obhori wfiiuitnuwiL In uooloty. 