CHAPTER liYI. OASE FOB THE DEFENDANT. On the resumption of the case, on the fol lowing morning, then was even a larger at tendance of the publio thanthere had been onthefirst day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the ease for the defence as followB : "My lord, gentlemen of the jury—my learned Mend began yesterday by telling you how deeply hiB heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which his client has been placed'by thedefendant. I shall begin by telling yon .that my feelings also are in terested in this case, in as much as I oannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre tensions of the plaintiff, based as they are npon the unwarrantable assumption that my Qlient, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himself With one of the- most respected solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and . perjury. For, if the case for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must have enteredinto Buch a conspiracy, and been guilty of such orimes. I shall soon show you, however, npon how rotten a foundation this charge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the charge. In the first place it is necessary to consider the claim made by the plaintiff under the supposed will of whichso much has been said. - His lord ship will not fail to tell you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless you are thoroughly satisfied that this will is genuine, it will be your duty to return a verdict for the defendant, without taking into your consideration the deed of transfer under which he now holds the pro perty at issue. I must ask you distinotiy.to understand that a verdict for the defendant will in nowise bar any future claim which may be made by persons fanoying themselves entitled under any other will, but will, be merely ian ; expression of opinion on your part that .the : will we are now -dealing with waB not made by Janiea Tredegar, or was not a genuine re pression;.jof his last'wishes. For;- X: beg you 7 . to remark that it by no means follow?,' isven ; : if you are satisfied that he<executed that will,' that it was a bona-jide expression- of his in-i tentions with reference to the disposal of his property. Our case is that he made many wills, with a view to deceive his solicitor, who now acts for the claimant, and we con tend that, even if the will in [question were genuine, it was merely intended as a blind. But I am in hopes that I shall be able to show clearly that the will is merely an impu dent forgery. Let us now consider what the plaintiff's witnesses have to say with reference to this matter; Mr. ThiBtlethwaite says he prepared many wills for the deceased gentle man, thus admitting a most important fact. He also admitted that he had been in corres pondence with the plaintiff, and might have, informed him--of his father's illness,, .and urged him to oome lover to England at once." ':v * "Mr. Thiatlethwaite did not say tbsti he might have urged the plaintiff to come to England, he merely admitted that, as he was in correspondence with Stephen Tredegar, An other matters, at the tiifle, he might have informed that gentleman of his .father's illnesB," interjected Mr; Bump tious. . . "My learned friend may be.right?' said. Serjeant Jekyll, "but it is of no real conse quence, for the witness admitted that«letter which was shown to him was apparency in nis own handwriting, and that letter will show conclusively that, not only did he urge Stephen Tredegar to come over at once, but that he wrote to him for- no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to the pecu liar circumstances attendant upon the exe cution of thieextraprdinarywill. The soli citor swears that the testator was loo ill to speak in the presence of the witnesses ;Jabez Hooker and John ' Stiles swear ' that it was read over to them before it Was executed—a most nnasaar course of procedure, as His Lordship'will -tell you—and John Stiles swore that the ropm^wa? bo dark that he eonld not well distingaish the features ol the deceased gentleman. These witnesses we& compara tive strangers to the testator, being inerely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had been the habit of dealing, who had been oaUed into witness the will because legacies were left to all the servants of the household. This is a very convenient way of securing a body of useful allies, and, at the same time, securing the absence from the room of per sons intimately acquainted with the deceased. What will you think, gentlemen, when I tell you that James Tredegar was not in that room at all ?" Serjeant Jekyll paused, anda thrill of ex pectation was noticeable throughout the court, the case was becoming exciting. Many eyes were turned, on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll alone had noticed the slight start, and rapid interchange of glances, with which his announcement haff been received by them. He resumed: " Yes, gentleman, incredible as it may at first appear td you, I assert that James Tredegar bad no more to do with that will-than yon or Ij-*" I do not -impugn tne testimony of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they were deceived in supposing that James ^Fcedegarsigned that will, for the person who did It was his Bon, the plaintiff, Stephen Tredegar 1" L . Tins denunciation, the penned gentleman delivered with tremendous force, and, for a moment,"the Professor,.ppoft whom all eyes Were turried, winced, as if under.the lash of. a ; whip.7 Whence had they derived the informa upon whiehthk acoiisation was founded?. ■fie kuew not—he could ;nOt imagine' how ft secret only' known to himself and Thistle- j f thwaite had been beta^j^di^ ^Turning; to his ci j lawyer who sat by his liide, rhe askaa, bya glance, the question he'dared not give ntter- . anca to. Thistlethwaite, pale' as a ghost, shad.yet presence of mind enough to shrug his shoulders, as if insinuating that the accusa tion was merely a trumped-up charge, of a piece with the' restofthe case for the defence. This pantomine did not occupy a minute, whilst the serjeant was wiping his brow, and drinking some water. Gentlemen of the jury," he continued, '' by a special aotof Providence, we have been placed in possession of the facts of this de testable conspiracy.; for the real truth of the impersonation was* known only to the gnilty parties themselves; but, out of their own -mouths, we. shall convict them. W® might blose our case here, but I shall not rest until I have thoroughly convinced you of the truth and honor of my esteemed client, Sir-Charles North, and his solicitor, Mr. Freemas. I shall produce witnesses who will eweartothe signatures 6£ tbfesdeedof transfer—Experts, men of bu8ii&8£ahdpi3rsonal friends of the deceased, and I believe that in face of their ieBtimoby, you will entertain' no? Bbswiow of doubt that it is a genuine document.- You havebeen told tbat my client afcd:the late Mr. Tredeg ar speculated largely together, and that the various payments between the two gentlemen,^which, we contend, were in pur suit of the contract made by the deed of transfer, were, in reality, but incidental to such speculation. It happens, most unfor tunately, that the books of the broker who was employed by them, were des troyed, but we shall produce receipts and entries in ledgers which I think you will have no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, -and the important fact must not be overlooked by you that the payment of five thousand pounds was made at regular intervals by Sir Charles North, which could scarcely be the case if it were in -pursuance of haphazard speculation in stock and shares. With -reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point out its extreme improba bility, as. Sir Charles North's banker will prove conclusively that he was never in .want of money within his (the banker's) knowledge^ and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in exceBS of his balance. The faov is that the case. of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the supposition, not only ihat more than one forgery has been com mitted by Sir Charles North, or at his in stance, and that various respectable persons are willing to perjure .themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series of coincidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. This is a violent assumption which would only be warrantable if facta supported it; as it is, it is the 'baseless fabric of a vision'—as airy and unsubstantial .as a Will-o'-the-wisp. 1 will now—before dealing with the plaintiff's claim under the supposed will—proceed to establish our posi tion with reference to the deed of trans- - fer. Sir Charles North then entered the witness box, and deposed that he was the defendant. Had known the late James Tredegar for many years,'and been associated with him in many speculations. Received one day a letter from him (produced) in accordance with whioh the deed of transfer was prepared and executed. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of aU the circumstances of the case known to the reader, and produced a number of receipts, letters, .^bank-books ;&C.; " He was subjected to a prolonged cross examination by Mr. Bumptious, who Etrove i£ vain to make him loose his temper or -contradict himself, and, on taking his seat, .'was congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon his behaviour in the witness-box. Amongst other questions,- he had been asked.whether he had not sought to detach' jDirt arid Alma Tredegar from their uncle. Sir Charles admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that the Bro r lessor had only borne the cost and trouble of their education for 'the purpose of ingratiat ing himself with hiB father; he added that in so doing he was merely carrying out the wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the children if he found them worthy. Sir Charles also said that, if he were successful in the suit, it was his inten tion to divide the property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This announcement caused some sensation in court, and Mr. Bumptious audibly re marked that it was merely an attempt to oatch the sympathies of the jury. The next witness was Mr. Freeman, who alsotiad nothing to tell that is not known to the reader, and was likewise subjected to much badgering by the counsel for the plaintiff. Two clerks in the employ of Messrs Free man and Truelove then deposed that the signature of Thomas Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, genuine, and that the body of the instrument appeared also to be written by him. Sumner had been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied the position of confidential clerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of his dissipated habits, which had led to fre quent absences from the offioe, and late atten dance in tHe morning. Knew.nothing else against him. The manager and the aocountant of the bank with whioh the late James Tredegar did business, swore that the signature to 7 the deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, his; and produced books showing entries of sums received and paid in connec tion with the dealings' between the deceased and Sir Charles North. An official from Doctor's Commons now produced the will under which the plaintiff claimed. Samuel Smithson, an expert ofstanding# was then examined. With reference to the deed of transfer, he was of opinion on com paring it with other documents in the hand writing of ThomaB Sumner that it was genuine. Being asked to look at the will he said that the signature of James Tredegar (attached to it) appeared also to be real, bat, having learned that it was supposed to have been written whilst the deceased gentleman was speechless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man could, under such ciroum stanoieB, write his name in his ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa tures obtained under almost similiar circum stances, and in no single instance was there one which bore more than a general shaky resemblance to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness some letters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, theywere all written by the same hand. Mr. Smithson examined them long and carefully, and said that they were most un doubtedly sq written, adding that corrobora tive evidence was afforded by^ the paper which bore, the same water-m'aiK and the printed address at the commencement of the letters, in which the peculiarity might be noticed that the t&il- of.the; numeral '" 2" was misBing in all, thus showing that the type psed had been brqkeuj arid that all had been r printed at the same time. . Mr. Bumptious asked to sea the letters in question. . «.: . .. » ■ "Allin-good time, iny .friend," "said Hr< CurtijB.v; u One of themJs the letter- from Tjbdstlethwaitc Oto the plaintiff, whic^i- has b6en already before :<th& «6tfft«C \fyi)l 1 have ah opportunity for inspecting them presently."- . ; In cross-examining this witness,; Mr. Bumptious strove hard to lessen the fact of bis testimony by asking him whether, after all, questions as to the genuineness of signa tures were not merely matters of opinion, and whether it was not paesible that other experts, c qually skilled with himself, might not bold a contrary opinion, to his &c.; Bat Mr. Smithson was well used to the witness-box, and had been asked questions too often to feel embarrassed, he replied, after such Iaehioa .that " Mr; Bump tious might as well :have left^the questions .unasked. ' - ; £ ; Another expert then gava simiiiar evidence, 6Cd was suffered to le&4te without c?03e-exa_mination. >» *i' §• ; • To hun succeeded a physician of high' ~ standing, swore> feat,-in the condition that James; *£redegsr .^aa eaid to be, it wonldjbe almost impossible for; him io use suoh mtiscular-'exectien^ag would be -re quired to wiifcb his^gnaflaw n^his ordinary manber. ~ i « . » - 41 Might nof,"~aBk^?$i£iW&lJon; in^crose examinat ion ior-tKe^laintiS.^- '' Might not a dying man braoe himself ^to ah effort under i such eircumBtanogs, ahd write, for. a minute, as usual?" . ' I " Well, it is .just possible, arid that Is all," replied the witness. \- Another doctor gave simiiiar evidence, and then there was some Btir in the court/ aa Mr. Curtis called " Henry LasodleB." 