THE COLONEL'S DAUGHTER. CHAPTER XIX.-(Con'tinued.) 'Sultan has come home, miss, alone !' 'Let three of the men go at once to t1eo stile leading into Aylesford Wood, and take lanterns with them. Colonel "Oameron is lying there- dead !' The last word came slowly, pain fully, tremulously. 'And let Sultan be fed; it was not his fault. My father died in a fit!, She went into the drawing-room, bLen, leaving the door ajar, ordered ite lamp to be lit, and there she- sat silent, listening and waiting. An hour passed slowly, dragging out its weary length of miserable moments, but Alice kept a brave heart, whilst tlo guilty woman up-stairs, who had go much worse than sorrow to bear, 'fay on the floor of her room, in a dead swoon. The clock had just struck seven, when Alice's quick ear detected the sound of footsteps on the gravel walk autside. She rose at once, and went tb the door, which she threw wide open. A shadowy procession was marching up the path, with Fox at the head, nrud one motionless figure carried in axe midst. The poor girl prayed for courage to bear the first sight of the dead face, and then the men came past her, and entered the house. 'Take Colonel Cameron into the drawing-room, and lay him on the sofa,' Alice said, firmly. ' Ho is gone, miss,' whispered Fox, in a compassionate tone; ' nothing will help him now.' ' But we can honour him in death.' And so her word was obeyed, and the old man lay in state on the gilded and velvet couch; and his daughter, alone with him through the solemn watches of the long night, knelt and prayed incessantly that he might lave died repentant, and that Heaven would forgive him his errors as readily as she forgave him all the sufferings of the past. CHIAPTER iX. TIIE GHOST AGAIN. :Tr was quite early in the morning whon one of the under-servants, dust ing the hall, was suddenly accosted by George Darsham, whose in tolorable anxiety had rendered it im possible for him to remain quiet until he heard some tidings of Colonel Cameron. fIHow is your master ?' he inquired. ' La, sir; master's dead!' the girl blurted out. ' Good Heavens ! And Miss Came ron-how does she bear her loss ?' ' I don't know, sir; she's in there,' and the girl, shy, ignorant, and be wyildered, pointed to the drawving room, and grinned vacantly. George knocked at the door, and, receiving no answer, walked in. The shutters were shut, but the lamp was still burning, though dimly. Re caught at once the rigid outline of the old man's figure, as it lay etrotched on the couch, and at its feet a heap of dark drapery it was difficult t~ believe could cover a human form. George advanced reverently in the resence of the dead, and his soft o-fall made no sound on the thick 'Alice !' he murmured. But there was no reply. ' Alice!' She looked up then, gave him one dim glance through her teaurs, and stretching out her hands as if to push him away, fell fainting at his feet. He raised her at once, and carried her out into the hall. The maid-ser int was gone now, but George Qund a carafe of water on the side= board in the drawing-room, and he happened to have a bottle of strong rconts in his pocket, which he was in the habit of using in his frequent head-aches. By the aid of these simple restora ilves, and by keeping her in a recum uent position, he soon managed to bring Alice round, and as her eyes opened, they met his loving, true glance, and brightened quicldy ' George, is it joally you ?' 'Am I so very unsubstantial- look ii?g, then ?' he asked, with a smile. But I saw you dead, I thought.' 'Ah, it is a long, cruel story, Alice ! I will tell you all ab6ut it another thno. This is the second time you ihavo soon me since, if you remember, so that I did not expect my appear aceo to have much effect upon you as it has done.' ' But I had no hope that it was really you.' ' Who, then, did you take me for ?' 'For a spirit.'. ' Now I understand it all, Alice. My poor child, you must have been frightened, indeed, and unhinged al together, to believe in such a thing.' ' I was. At any other time I might have been able to shako off the im pression; but my mind has been so weakened of late by sufferings of all kinds, that I was quito at the mercy of these morbid imaginings.' SAnd you are quite sure that I am no ghost now ?' She looked up at him lovingly, then hid her face on his breast, and wept sorely. 'And now, my love, what do you wish me to do about madomoiselle ?' George said. ' In any case, she could not have stayed with you; and after her crime, it is more than over im possible.' ' What crime ?' inquired Alice, loolk ing at him incredulously. ' Have you not heard about Louis Lagrange ?' '`No.' And she began to tremble -so violently, that George had great diffi culty in breaking the news to her. Then she burst into tears, sobbing out that it was too sad, too terrible, and she wished that it had not been necessary for her to know. 'But you would have her spared, Alice ?' 'Oh!' she answered, shuddering, 'I do not think she ought to be at large; and there is no alternative between this and something I dare not mention ; and so, I suppose, we must compromise with our consieinces, and let her escape.' ' It *as your father's wish, and also poor Louis's.' 'And it is mine, George; but I cannot see her. Will you manage everything for me ?' ' I will, my love. And now, Alice, you must really rest.' - He led her up stairs, and at the door of her own room they parted, he kissing her tenderly, and bidding her take care of herself now, for his sake. Then George wont back down stairs, rang the bell in the dining-room, and asked Fox to tell Mademoiselle Rita she was wanted for a minute below, without mentioning his name. She came at once; and he was shocked, as she entered the room, at the alteration in her appearance. . he started at the sight of George Darsham, and would have drawn back, but he was close to the door, which he quietly locked, just as she touched the handle. 'No, mademoiselle,' I intend to speak with you.' Brought to bay then, she faced him f; Arnnly. 'I will not answer to you for any thing I may have done! It is you who are the caiise of all my troubles ! If I had never seen you, I should be an innocent woman at this moment !' 'Ah, mademoiselle ! it is easy to lay our sins at other people's doors; but I am afraid, if it came to proving your assertion, you would have some diffi culty. When you first knew me, I was in love with Miss Cameron, as you must have seen, and very far from encouraging your partiality for me; I only spoke to you distantly, as to a perfect stranger. Therefore, I am guiltless on that score. As to the bitter injuries you did me, I have sur vived them, and I have pardoned them. For all the rest you must answer to Heaven and not to me.' ' You are all against me, but I don't know what harm I have done, I am sure. You think that I might have had some of Colonel Cameron's moiey, if he had lived to marry me; and ;'of course, though you are so wonderfully disinterested, Mr. Darsham, you know how to count your gains, and keep them, too, no doubt.' 'I am not here to bandy words with you,' he said, gravely. ' I am here to give you bMiss Cameron's orders.' 'Ah ! Miss Cameron's orders !' she repeated in a mocking tone. ' Ishould have fancied she had become unused to the privilege of command, for she has been a complete nonentity in the house for a good while. But it is easier to be imperative than to be ladylike, it seems; and so Miss Cameron chooses to send me her orders, as if I were a menial whom she wished to warn off the premises.' ' ' You might be proud to exchange with one of these menials, as you call them, for the sake of a quiet con science and peace of mind.' ' Did Miss Cameron order you to tell me that ?' 'No; she simply bade me tell you that your presence in this house was painful and offensive to her, after all that has occurred; and though she would save you from the terrible penalty of your crime, out of respect to her father's wishes, she holds it in such abhorrence, that she prays foer vently she may never again sot eyes on your face.', 'I think I may venture to affirm that her prayer will be answered,' sneered Mademoisolle Rita. 'It would be safer for you, as well as pleasanter for her, to have this as surance. Two men herehave died-one by you, the other through you (I do not speak of my poor mother, for you only hastened her doom by a few weeks I am. told); and this will be known, ere long, in spite of all our efforts to suppress it; and you will be branded with the name of murderess from one end of England to the other. There fore, choose a distant refuge, made moisello; and try and reward Miss Cameron for her clemencybyreponting, and leading a new lifo.' Mademoiselle curtseyed disdainfully. (To bo continued.) 