;;-?HAPTER;,VII.: Tho Next. -Morning. — Totsy.'s -: : TroLibles-rDot, the Consolgr ' ? ?????— No Crodit.--Con rand ' the Golden Yankee.— Tho Coat 1 ' of Mail.',' ' ;!'',' ;r;'_- :';'': ? . Poelii: tell !us that the. moniiiig: dreams ,ol' childhood me pcnccful) hnppy, bium-fantasies, wherein the disembodied spirit revels. hi the delighls.of fairylan|l, nnd allnnturesecins to wear a ;brilliani garb, hi ( glowing contract to thespheijwork-ilny tints to whicjf, (lib grosser material eye is accuslo'mcil. ,.-;,,,; !i,' CUtef!- then wllut a I.enible I evulsion il m list ; Dc lo.nwiikc fro'iu suvlj a dieiiiii lu'tliv' diei'ilfiil re.idty of a -heartfelt misery ! :,Queen- Mab delights in su'chsuipiises; and if is a Tact that the most charming dreams arc.' vouchsafed to thosewhose waking thoughts are bitter as gall and worm-wood. .- ?? ' Such a. dreamland such' an , awakening, fell to. the lot of,Totsy on the morning after her father's death.;] -?'? . The light of the happy smile of innocent enjoyment died out of her face as her eyes opened to the world, and she remembered the fatal event of the previous day. . In its stead an unnaturalgreyipallor stole ovcrhcr features and for a moment she was near fainting. ? ,lu the confusion no. one, had thought to take note of the state of the larder, and the rough \- yet gentle men, who had .laid her. beside her mother on a bed improvised on the floor of the sitting-room, never dreamed that Ihe.i bereaved pair would have to add the pangs of hunger to the keener pain of mourning thought. Poor little Totsy lay for a while inert and helpless, then, making a supreme effort, she jumped out of bed quickly, yet quietly, and went to inspect the. cupboard, in the'faint hope that some of her pitying friends might have left there some food. ... So used was the child to disappointment,, that she scarcely felt surprise when she saw that the cupboard was empty as usual. She closed the door with a fnint sigh, and then started off to tell her tale of want to the neighbours who had before assisted her. Fortunately they were on this occasion able to relieve her immediate need, so that she was enabled to oiler her mother, on her awakening a cup of lea and a crust of bread. These Mrs. Dcnzil. partook of in silence, lendcily waited on by Tolsy,- who carefully avoided making any allusion to their bereavement. Her.lhoughls were full of it, but she choked down her tearsi thinking that she was following her mother's example of rate self-control. The fact was that Mrs. Dchzil was still stupefied from the effects of the drug she had taken, and it was not until she had both; eaten and drunk that she even vaguely remembered that something unusual had happened. Totsy was dreadfully alarmed by her asking what had become of Papa, and why he was not there to share their breakfast. The poor little thing stammered out that it was. all right— he could not come— and was torturing her brain to think of some excuse for his absence, when she was immensely relieved by the entrance of the medical student, wh had come to look after his patients. The Doctor, as lie was called on the Creek, soon saw what was the matter, and after a few minutes' cheering conversation, administered an inodyne to Mrs Denzil, which had the effect of sending her off to sleep again almost imme diately. He then begged Totsy to come away with him, as the inquest was to be held that morning, and she need not fear to leave her mother, who would be sure to sleep on till late iii the afternoon. This, Totsy absolutely declined to do, and finding all entreaty useless, he left her, after having implored her not to go into the adjoin ing room, nor remain in the hut whilst the Coroner and jury were there. As soon as ho was gone, Totsy busied her self in putting the breakfast things away and tidying up the place. Then, when there was nothing more to do, she resolutely opened the door of the forbidden chamber and walked in. . For a few moments she stood trembling on the threshold ; then suddenly she ran forward and flung herself on her knees by the side of the bed, and buried her face in the bed clothes, half choking herself in the effort to prevent her sobs from being audible in the next apartment. But the brave child did not give way to her grief very long. : Everything wus in disorder, and she was sufficiently womanly in her in stincts to dread the idea of men entering a bed-chamber till it had been ' redded-up ' and made tidy. So she set to work, and in an in creditably short space of time had put away all the litter, and made the darkened room what she would have termed ' fit to be seen.' When all was finished, with a piteous yearning look back, she reverently closed the door, and, taking up some sewing, sat down to wait for the Coroner and jury. These came in due course, and were re ceived courteously by Totsy, for whom every one had a kind word, and after a very brief stay went back to the 'Digger's Delight' where the inquest was being held. At the dinner hour, Billy Bowes came up, and invited Totsy to come and dine with him ; but , even to the solicitations of her prime favourite she was obdurate— her place was by her mother's side, and she would not leave her. So Billy in his turn departed discomfited, after an awkward attempt at consolation. By-and-bye, Mrs. Denzil awoke, feeble, but sensible. Totsy hastened to give her the re mainder of the tea, which she had carefully saved, and bustled about, seeking by an affec tation of hurry to put off ! the explanation which she knew, must come. . ..?-..., To the child's surprise, Mrs! Denzil said little, but received with a melancholy smile the tea which was offered her, drinking it eagerly, for she was suffering from a burning thirst, and was in f.ict in a state of high fever. She then arose from the rude sofa upon which she had. been lying, and walked with uncertain step to the door of the bed chamber. . r :, ; t, I. .. , Totsy interposed, 'praying her not to go in until she was stronger, but Mrs. Denzil put the child aside,, saying that she felt much better and desired to be left, alone for a while with her husband. She then walked into the room and closed the * door .behind her. Fora few minutes Tolsy listened, expecting to hear a violent out-burst of grief, but there was no sound, so she turned away and busied herself in tidying the sofa. That done, it be came necessary to think about the future. Something seemed to, warn the child that the chief responsibility of providing for their ; necessities would fall upon her, and she icsb- , lulely determined not to grieve any more till she had decided what should be done. So she sat down to consider the position. ' But first, sad experience haying taught her the usual method of procedure in such cases, she drew from the; cupboard her father's blot ting-book, and, placing an ink-bottle and pen ready for such calculations as she deemed in dispensable, opened, it with the' gravity of a bank.clork commencing his daily work at his' ledger,' ' '?''' ' lV'!. \ ' .\ ','', '..; , Then, curling her liny legs round the stool, which did duty for a chair in that liumbb establishment; she' planted her elbows on either side of the blotting book,' and, burying her hands in her hair,' proceeded to think. ' The golden rays of the setting sun flickering in nt the open door, shone with softest rndi nnce on her nut-brown linir, gleaming and glancing mid its ripples, nnd producing shades and lints which even- a Rcmbrnndt would A have despaired of transferring , to his canvns. ., Outside, the booming o[ n monster frog supplied a grotesque bass to the. shrill -treble of the buzzing cicada:. '.{.-'?.' Dot, a white cat of super-human gravity of demeanour, lay basking in 'the sunlight, lazily licking his paws, and how and again making a fruitless dab at such flying insects as. ventured within his reach. ... A peaceful scene — in awful contrast to that which was ehactingin the adjoining chamber ; for there- the bereaved wife -lay prone upon; the floor, by the side: of the bed, ; writhing in silent convulsion? of despairing grief. . ? * » ' ? . ? ?...?,. .ij ? Money, there was none :in the house, that Totsy knew well, , and it ; remained only to be seen what could be pawned. , ' Totsy cast a despairing glance round— the whole contents of: the hut would not avail to. procure the where-withal of a week's ; pro vision. All that was valuable or ornamental had long sinco disappeared, , and nothing but the indispensable remained. The child was fairly beaten, and a , stifled, sob broke from her as she buried her face in, her hands with all the abandonment of utter, despair. Presently, a soft, touch on her cheek re minded her that she was not alone; Dot had not failed to. remark the perturbation of his mistress, and, like a faithful cat, did his' best to allay the sorrow he could not comprehend. 'My poor Dot,' said Totsy, casting a loving aim around the sympathetic animal, 'doesn't it like to see its mississ cry! Well,I won't then— there!' and she hastily brushed away, her tears, while the cat purred and fondled her as only a cat can. 'We will go to the store. I will tell Mr. Brumm what has happened, and perhaps he will let me have somo bread and lea.' She then arose, and, after carefully putting away the blotting book and ink-bottle, walked to the door of the inner room. Here for a moment she stopped, and, as the recollection of her torriblc loss came back to her, she lent against the lintel and wept, bitterly but silently. At last she gently turned the handle. At this noise, slight as it was, Mrs. Denzil started up, and angrily demanded why she had been disturbed. 'I thought, mamma dear,' said Totsy, ' that as you are better now, I could go down to the store to see if Mr. Brumm would let us hnve some things. There is nothing to eat in the house.' 'Heaven forgive me!' said Mrs. Denzil, 'I had forgotten. Give me my bonnet, child— I will go myself.' ' Oh, no; dear mamma— please let me go,' said Totsy, clasping her little hands— 'You are not strong enough. Besides,' she con tinued, hesitatingly, 'You know Mr. Brumm is a hard man — poor papa used always to say so.' ' And you think he would refuse to give me credit ?' asked Mrs. Denzil. ' I think he would not like to refuse a little girl ?' was the reply. ' Well perhaps you nre right— go, butcoine back quickly— my child— my only one I' and the sorely-tried woman clasped her little daughter tightly in her arms, and kissed her with fond, tearful kisses. Released from this loving embrace, Totsy lost no time in putting her design in execution, and soon stood at the entrance of the store, which seemed to be full of people, for the in quest had caused some little excitement, and the 'Digger's Delight' had been dome a (literally) 'roaring' trade all day. Timidly edging her way through the crowd, Totsy approached Che counter, looking over which she was just enabled to discern the enormous head and hairy claws of the master of the establishment. ' Vhy, Gott plesh mine shoul, here ish a shild ! Now, vat do you vant, my lectio tear?' asked Con, leering hideously in an attempt fo look amiable. ; ? , 'Please sir, I want some tea, and some sugar, and a loaf of bread, 'said Totsy, timidly. .' Oh, you vantsh tea, und shugar, und prcad. Veil, vhere ish de monish, my tear? Vc can't ? Jo no liade mitout monish.' ., 'But I haven't got any, picase sir/ replied Tjtsy. . 'Den go avay,' said Con, rudely— 'go out mid yourself — Didn't I peen loleyou dcreish no trade mitout monish ? Bah ! I got no lime to vashte in voolishness/ So saying, Con turned, and was about to go, when Totsy, half-frightened at her own temerity, again begged him just to give her a little food, as she and her mother were starving. ? Wow at Tolsy's first entrance she had attrac ted some attention from the crowd,' but when they saw the .'errand upon which' 'she was bent, those diggers, with a delicacy 'of; which it would have been thought such rude men would have been incapable, turned away. and strolled out into' the verandah or into the adjoining bar, so that' Con'aiid Totsy were left alone at thestore. ' . '_ ''; '. ' ' ' This Mr. Brumm did not fail to. note, and was therefore at no pain; to disguise the bru tality of his nature. With a curse he ordered the child out of the store, telling her that s'le and her mother might starve and be damned — for aught he cared. So Totsy crept shiveringly away, and walked listlessly homeward, vainly striving to keep the tears from flowing. 'What's up, little woman?' a cheery voice asked, just as she neared the spot where her father had met Woolshed Bess on the previous afternoon. Tho speaker was a tall, powerfully-framed man, dressed, in the extremeofdiggerfashion, in a brilliant scailet shirt and black cloth trousers, sustained by a scarlet silk sash, a tassel of which depended from either hip. ' Full share ' hats had not yet become the mode, or most undoubtedly a gentleman of such esthetic tastes would have assumed such an exceedingly becoming head-dress j as it was, he was obliged to content himself with a ? cabbage-tree, which he wore cunningly cocked on one side of his head, whichj in its turn, was garnished 'by 'brilliant black locks depending in light cork-sciew^inglels upon his shoulders His face was hard and sun-browned, and two soft brown eyes,' which yet seemed capable of savage gleams, peered out from under heavy, lowering 'eyebrows. His upper lips and cheeks ? were; clean-shaven, and a full view was thus ? afforded of his' firm,' clean-cut mouth, round which time hail '? engraved sundry lines which ? proved that life' to its owner' had no t been all i ? sunshine. \ . .'' .''.'?? Not to keep ilia reader in suspense I will at' once admit that ,this Individual was Selh liar- . net, the Golden 'Yankee, whose rcdoubtablo deeds have already , been narrated ( by -Billy, Bowes, . '''','.' ? Hero it might liot be amiss to slate (hat Billy had instituted a strict search after 'Belli on the morning nflcr lie had seen him, or ns he thought, his ghost, but had only been nblo to' find out 'that such nn imllvUunl had 'certainly passed through Spring Creek on the evening in question. ' , . Tolsy gazed, timidly up-,at the tall figure which stooped over her; and, with the unerring instinct of childhood, immediately -recognised a friend. She answered timidly that they had nothing to cat at home. 'Nothin'to cat?1 repeated Selh. 'Thet's rough— mighty rough on a leetle weeny thing like you.' ? 'Yes, sir, and I went down to the store and asked Mr. Brumm for some bread and tea and sugar, but I had no money, so. he.would'nt give me. any, but, ordered, me out of the place.' ' ? ? 'Ordered yer out of the place, did. he? Ordered a babby like, you, -out of the place! Hell and furies ! I'll , fix this yer matter up pretty quick!' roared Seth, seizing Tolsy's hand— ' You come right along o' me— guess I'll see whether white folks' children is to be let starve on these yer diggin's. Wot's the skunk's name f' ' The— what did you say, sir ?' asked Totsy, half frightened at his vehemence, and scarcely understanding what he meant. ? Wot's the name o' tliet skunk as ordered yer out o' the place?' repeated Seth, deli berately. 'Cornelius .Brumm,' replied Totsy, 'he's the landlord of the Digger's Delight, and keeps a store as well.' ' Lan'lord o' the Digger's Delight, is he ? I'll Digger's Delight liim 1— come along !' They were not long in reaching the store, which was again crowded by diggers, most of the claims having by this time knocked off work. ' Hello, Boss I' shouted Seth, as soon as he had- crossed the threshold — 'Roll up, yon denied old skunk — you'n me's got to hev some talk together.' So saying, he elbowed his way through the crowd up to the counter, still retaining his hold of Totsy's hand. At the first sound of the strange voice, everyone had turned to look at the new-comer, and so the curious effect it had upon Con passed unnoticed. That individual had started violently as soon as he heard Seth speak, and turned an ashen white, whilst his hand fur tively stole to a drawer in the counter which was half open, and in which lay a revolver, capped and ready for use. Recovering himself with an effort, but not withdrawing his hand from the drawer, Con answered, as briskly as he could manage: 'Veil, vot'sh de matter now ?' Strange to say Seth, too, seemed slightly troubled, for he gazed long and anxiously at the landlord before he condescended to reply. ' What's the matter ?' fie repeated at last, slowly— 'starvin's the matter. Hyur's a gal —a babby— as sez you wouldn'd trust her a loaf o' bread. Is tliet true ?' ' Vhy, you see,' said Con, apologetically, 'de shild gomes py me yen I ish busy, und may-pe I gives her a rough answer. Besides, ve don't give no gredit dese dimes,' he continued; waxing bolder, as lie saw the necessity for maintaining his prestige. ' If thet's the custom on these yer diggin's, all I kin say is it's a denied mean one. Mebbe I'm wrong, bein' as I'm a stranger, but it seems to me cz it's playin' it low down on the while folks cz run the other stores, ter say they'd let a weeny little mite like this starve — credit or no credit.1 ' ' Con, who had by this timo thoroughly re covered himself, retorted in his usual bluster ing manner: — ; 1 De vamily owes me near dirlybounds, vot I don't nefcr ogshpect to see now de fader's gone dead— I don't got no inglinatiori to let 'em have mine brobberly for nix.' ' Was you ever in 'Frisco ?' asked Seth, eyeing him suspiciously. ' . _ Con started, and again placed his hand in the drawer. ' In 'Vrisco ?— Nein ; I bin gome shtraight here from Sharmany.' 'And you, never seen Deadman's Flat?' persisted Seth. : : ' Didn't I peen tole you I gome shlraight from Sharmany?' said C^n, with a slight tremor in his voice, and carefully avoiding the eye of his interlocutor. 'Vhy you ask dem questions?' 'Oh, it don't matter,' replied Selh, 'only efyou aint bin thar yerself, thur was a chap thar as like yon as two skunks out o' the same nest. Mebbe it's quite as well furyouthct you aint the man,' he added, in a tone which made Con shiver, as if cold water had been poured down his back. 'But this aint what I kern to talk about. Jest hyst over them groceries. Wot did you say yer wanted ?' he asked, stooping down to Totsy, whose hand he still held.— 'Tea, sugar, bread, gutter, terbacker, sardines ?.'— Not waiting for an answer, he turned to Con: — ?Look sharp, Dulchy, ef you don't want yo nose chawed off.— I aint got no time to stand foolin' hyur.' ? ' Und who ish to bay for do sbtorcs ?' asked Con, whose miserly7 instincts lent him courage. 'Oh, snakes, and alligators !' yelled Seth, loosing the child's hand, and striking a violent blow with. his fist on the counter—- You want to be paid, do yer ? By gosh, you sha'n't be paid, jest fm yer burnin' meanness'! Make up the passel— quick ! or I'll let daylight in on yer.innards, you ugly Dutch dog I' , As he said this, Seth drew out a revolver and levelled it at the trembling Con. Totsy screamed, and strove to drag, bis hand down, whilst several of, the by- slanders implored Con to do as he was ordered. , At this crisis, Billy Bowes entered. ' Hello ! What's up now ?' he asked— ' Gcewhillikins ! If there aint Seth Harnet — the Golden Yankee ! How ,are you, old man?1 lie' asked, eagerly holding, out his. hand—' I thought I seen you, or leastways yer ghost, some weeks back, but I couldn't git on to yer tracks, nohow.1 Seth turned and cordially shook hinds with his old acquaintance, and; asif,ashamed of his violence, restored his revolver to its hiding-' place, a pocket cunningly placed just behind ' the right hip. ' ' ; ' Wa-al, old hoss,' he replied, ' I'm middlin'— how's yerself ?' : ! 'Oh, prime I' answered Billy ';' but what's ? the trouble now ??''?' '? ??'??' '??? ' ' Oh, we was nigh'on to a little difficulty,' explained Seih ; ' tliet cuss ordered the kiddy out o' the place when she come for some grub and things, and then, when I jest axed ;l him civil and quiet to let her hare; 'em, he ' commences to r.iir up and talk big 'bout not1 givin' credit. Ez , ef;we' was. agoin' * to let children starve on these yer diggin's !' ?'????: , Billy then perceived little Totsy, who had '? been hitherto hidden behind the stalwart frame ofher protector.: ' ??, ?Why, it's Tolsy!1 he said— ' What's the matter, litlle missy ?' ' . ' Oh, Billy,' she replied, ? take me homo, please — I'm frightened — he ' — pointing to ' Seth— ' is very kind, but— but— ' ' Yes, I know, my dear,' said Billy, ' he's as good n.« gold, but rayl her noisy when hu's roused,— aint yer, Seth ?' . ' Wa-al,' replied that individu il, apologeti cally, 'you must give in I don't make: no 'row onless I'nvdruv, to it. ' Ye see, come to think on it, I was extry quiet this time, considcrin' the provercation.' At this juncture, Cm pushed over a large parcel towards them, an 1. muttered sulkily : ' M-ikes yoost fifteen shillin.' i 'Hyar's yer money, ye miserly skunk,'. said Seth, throwing a ? sjvereign :oni the counter. '.Cjme on, Billy, we'll take: the' balance out inlickcr.' ' These two characters .then walked into the bar, followed by Totsy and an admiring crowd of diggers, to whom' the deeds of the: Golden Yankee had become ; familiar through the agency of his friend. Billy, 'So you thought I was a ghost, ; did. yer?' said Seth, as they were waiting to be served. ' Ho I ho !— wa-al, I reckon I'm a lively sorter ghost at present, anyhow. Hyar's luck I ' After a minute or two they left the public house, and, accompanied ' Totsy to the hut, bidding her good night when they reached the door, in spite of her entreaties that they would come inside and sit down for awhile. J Seth declared he was bound to have a yarn over old times with his friend Billy, and so the two departed and did have a yarn — and- per haps a drin'c or. l\vo as well. * * ? ? ..* ?- * * * The sleeping apartment of the worthy host of the 'Diggers' Delight ' was situated imme diately behind the bar, and was a dark, dingy, den — just the, sort of. place from which you would expect to see emerge a hairy, big headed, monster, whom you would imagine to be lying in wait to pounce upon any foolish wayfarer who ventured; within reach of his claws. There the spider Con was wont, to sit in lei sure moments weaving his villainous nets, counting over his ill-gotten hoard, -. and plan ning how to add thereto. Especially of a night, after the bar was closed, was it his delight to- indulge in this luxury, whilst sipping his rum-and-water and smoking a well-worn meerschaum. Here he kept his books and more valuable property, locked-up in a large safe, which served him also as toilet-table. On one side the small, room was taken up by a huge press, which was filled with a hete rogeneous collection of clothes, left in pawn by impecunious customers. A table, two chairs, a huge washstand, improvised out of an old case, and a camp bedstead, constituted the remainder of the furniture. It may be remembered that the sight of the Golden Yankee seemed to ? have a peculiar effect upon Con, to whom he, was apparently not quite a stranger. Certainly this discom posure did not last long, but the after actions of the worthy landlord would favour the sup position that he had seen or heard something unpleasant; for lie was singularly short and snappish in answer to those of his customers who sought to engage him in conversation, and, as soon as it could be managed without at tracting attention, he made over the charge of the bar to his assistant, nnd betook him to his private apartment. His first act on entering was to close and lock the door behind him, and put up some shutters in front of the only window. He then lit a candle, and, by its light pro ceeded to pull off his coat, waistcoat, and shirt. Thus stripped, he looked more like a gorilla than ever, for his immense chest was covered with coarse, red hair, such as is seldom seen growing on a human being. , ? Having extracted from some secret hiding place the key of the safe, Con then unlocked it and took out a small box. Therefrom he pulled out a light flexible jacket, made of fine steel rings, and lined with thick flannel. .This he subjected to a ligid scrutiny, and apparently satisfied that it was in perfect order, he pro ceeded to put it on. After he had lucked up the safe and resumed his clothes, he took down the shutters, and rejoined the company in the bar, veiy consider ably improved in spirits, as they remarked to their satisfaction. '...,, .'-.;.- The acute reader wtll gather hcrcfrom that Mr. Cornelius Brumm entertained some lurk ing suspicion that nn occasion might arise when delensive armour would prove of service to him ; for it is not to be supposed that lie would havo worn such an undcr-waistcoat without good nnd sufficient reason. 