Here and There By "JAPONICA." No one requires to be gifted with a special prophetic vision to foresee what the Nepean River is destined to become before many years as a favorite retreat for the weary of brain, the holiday seeker, the health re- cruiting metropolitan, and the tourist from all parts of the wide, wide world. In fancy I see a fair-sized steamer, laden with a gay throng, leave the Nepean Bridge bound for the Grand Hotel and pleasure gardens at Norton's Basin, whose superior accommoda tion and architectural beauties, together with its gardens, baths, and pleasure giving surroundings command the admiration of all who behold them. Where could a more delightful retreat be found than that on the Nepean River — its silvery winding stream and richly-foliaged and lofty embankments, the deep-cut gorges and lofty peaks, where solitude reigns supreme, and where the lyre bird, the wallaby, and the wild flowers abound. Surely in all future guide books that portion which speaks of the Nepean attractions will make the most conspicuous paragraph. Looking over some ancient ballads I find the following verse, which is somewhat appropriate to my theme :— The rocks of old Euroka — On the banks of the Nepean, Where Nature's grandest pictures are Drawn bright in living green — To me the dearest spot on earth, And this is how it came, 'Twas there my little friend agreed To change her pretty name. This verse reminds me of a sweet wingless angel, who once promised to change her ugly name to mine, but somehow she forgot all about it. She changed it, nevertheless, to a name possessed by a young man whom I once thought was the nastiest, though the most fortunate, of human beings. But, having since beheld the object of my early affections propelling a perambulator, through the town with a healthy pair of twins on board, I am filled brimful of blessed forgive- ness for those who have trespassed against me. I am doubly avenged. Poor young man, so much a father in so short a time. May the dear twins prosper and their squawks increase, and, instead of the mid- night sweet repose, there shall be weeping and wailing and cutting of teeth. #### A few extracts from a report of a select committee of the London Chamber of Com merce ,recently forwarded to the colony by the Agent-General, re the colonial leather exhibits at the Indian and Colonial Exhi bition, and printed in the Daily Telegraph of 26th ultimo, may be of some interest to the tanners of this district, who are exporters or likely to become such. First and foremost, it is of little use sending to the Home markets those sides which are badly flayed or heavily, branded — as this is the fault of breeders, dealers, and butchers, buyers of hides should undervalue them, and so make those most interested improve this state of things. Sole leather, as a rule, is wanting in brightness and regularity of color, and firmness although many tanners are effect ing improvement in this line by the judicious use of valonia and myrabalanes with the native mimosa bark. The great point is to get both firmness and color. Few tanners succeed in accomplishing this, for in trying to make it firm, they darken the colour and vice versa, and the offal generally is too widely folded. Upper leather is capable of great improvements by the more careful use of better oil and grease and more careful manipulation. Much of it for want of this has spued and smelt badly, which better carrying would remedy. The Australian leather is not split so evenly as the American, and consequently is not so level. The only fault found in New Zealand and Australian basils is that they are scarcely free enough from grease. There is one very noticeable point in New Zealand and Australian tannage of sole leather which is that the leather tanned in and around Sydney is darker, more fleshy, and more roughly finished than that from other tanning districts. Austra lian harness leather is very superior to that which comes from Canada, some of it com paring very favorably with English manu facture, and does, its curriers great credit. #### Every right thinking person values and respects the policeman who does his duty, and it is the duty of every citizen to en courage and assist him: in the exeoution of it. A policeman's life is not an happy one. Of all public servants he is tho most abused, and gets credited with doing that whioh he shouldn't have done, and neglecting that which he should have done. He is supposed, or expected to be in several places at the same time, - a feat which up to the present time is considered to be a scientific impossi bility, with anything more tangible than a ghost. But then on the other hand, a policeman possesses great authority, which he sometimes abuses. Thus Constable Davies down at St. Marys, on Saturday evening last, made himself obnoxious to quite a number of respectable residents, by ordering them — as they say — off the street, in a very insulting manner. In justice to Mr. Davies, I may state, that one gentle man greatly modifies the change by asserting that he, Constable Davies, asked them twice to move on. But they all admit, that a little less authority, and more manners, would become him muohly. Now in such a case as this, it would be very easy for an impetuous policeman to provoke a breach of the peace, instead of preventing it. No sensible man, I feel sure, would object to being told by an officer of the law to move off the thoroughfare, if told in a proper manner; : and any policeman gifted with ordinary intelligence, should know how to speak to people, who are law abiding citizens. One can admire the public officer who is not a respector of persons, but the line must be drawn between duty and over weening, busy, meddling, impudence. No sensible person cares to fall out with the police, at the same time, they don't require from them any particular favour, or affection. We protect the bird who destroys insects and protects the vegetables; but the billy goat who cannot discriminate between weeds and flowers, but destroys the whole garden, is always considered a public nuisance. #### We sometimes read, or hear of individuals passing the whole term of their natural lives away in cities, without once having seen the woods and wilds of inland districts. Right opposite to this, we have residing in our district a man fifty odd years of age, who, up to last week, had never seen Sydney harbour, or the sea at any point, or any kind of shipping, and yet presided for 53 years within 30 miles of Sydney. In re ference to this matter I am in receipt of the following telegrams :—Blacktown.Feb, 22nd, 8.20 a.m.—The gentleman who presented to the Church of England flower show, at St. Marys, a 15-feet corn stalk, passed here this morning, bound for Manly Beach. Parra matta, 8.80.—The well-known straight furrow ploughman of St. Marys, passed here per morning tram for Sydney. He in tends to inspect the Pacific Ocean, just to see if it is all right. Petersham, 8.40 a.m. — The train conveying Cumberland's most reliable brick-carter, to the shores of Port Jackson, did not stop here, as the authori ties were most anxious to get him through. Manly, 12.80 p.m .— The talented Australian, who won the now celebrated horse-shoeing case, paid a visit to our aquarium this morn ing. The aquarium was highly pleased with his appearance, whose like, they said, we shall never see again. The gentle man expressed himself highly pleased with what the wild waves were saying and was presented with the freedom of the beach. The P.J.S.N. Company placed their power ful steamer Emu, at his disposal. He objects to the Heads being this side of Manly, instead of the other, as it interferes with the smoothness of the harbour; if they don't alter it he won't go again. #### Captain W. J. Hill v. Alderman T. J. Cross, in the Penrith Small Debts Court, on Tuesday last, was decidedly the most amus ing case that has been heard of for a con siderable time. Mr. Cross looked very cross indeed, he knitted his brows, with emphasis clenched his fists, and played "the man from Galway" with his air in fit. Mr. Hill varied the performance by looking nice to the Bench, and as fierce as possible at Mr. Cross. They both did some furious talky-talky, and Cross scored a win, when he asked Mr. Hill a very ugly question, also if he was the same party who lost £40 at Wellington recently. Mr. Lethbridge put a sudden stop to the pro ceedings by ordering the gay alderman to pay half the amount that he was sued for. Mr. Hill asked for costs and expenses, but got only £1. #### The members of the Bathurst Branch of the Lord's Day Observance Society had a meeting last week and passed the following resolution - "That a petition be presented to the Legislature in favour of a better observance of the Lord's Day in the colony, and especially in the various departments of the public service." One of the speakers, the Rev. Mr. H. Parkinson spoke in strong terms, condemning public companies running steam boats on Sundays, and the Govern ment for running , traina and trams on the Sabbath. The question of the Salvation Army parading the streets was discussed, and it was considered that their actions was in violation of the law of rest. Fancy prayers in Parliament — our Parliament — and fancy no steamers down the harbour on Sundays, and no trams to Botany, and no Salvation Army band. Dear Rev. Parkin son, you need not ever hope to put a stop to these things. Young Australia will re member the Sabbath — to keep it jolly. #### Quite a number of Cross Roads people travelling by train on Wednesday last, found it wondorfully convenient to step into the train close to their own doors, so to speak. The platform was opened on the first of March, and so that part of their troubles are at an end. It will only be a matter of time \- and let us hope at no very distant date - when the 60 odd children there will have a school as convenient. Someone called my attention a few days ago to the disproportion of traffic upon the main and byroads in the Penrith electorate, for instance, the Bringelly Road, or the Luddenham Road, whichever is proper, bears the weight of all—or very nearly all — the goods that are loaded at the Cross Roads siding, and the same can be said of several other places; and yet the Government as a rule quite ignore the minor roads, when as a matter of fact, these roads, so far as the traffic is concerned, are the principal roads. Why not proportion the road grants just according to their im portance. If a so- called minor road brings 99 per cent more grist to the Railway Traffic Mill than a main road, why in con science don't they look better after it. We intend shortly to send right along such a petition of long pent up profanity , that will shock the senses of even a McElhone. #### Whatever the only true patriots may say about their success during the recent elections ; they will have to acknowledge that Protection is creeping along. We can wait patiently for yet a little while, and see the tariff reversed. Forty one Protectionist members are not to be dispised; if they can manage to keep well together, and use a good deal of patience, they will surely, though perhaps slowly, gain their ends. 