SllIelboursne Gossip. By JOSEPH. That Christma.s, the sasdn of fesStiii, joy and gladness, is rapidly approaching is made manifest in many ways. The tempt ing displays of Christmas cards that adorn shop windows and counters find eager pur clhscis, the new aid chaste designs that are the fashion this season being inl especial dmaiid by tlfe grown ups, while the juveniiles linger, fa.?cinated, round the toys of every description exhibited to their longing eyes, discussing eagerly the attractive points of each,' and oft times finding it impossible to decide which of the many varieties it would give them the most happiness to possess. Breaking up for the Christmas holidays took place at Parliament House on Satur day morning, when His Excellency at tended to prorogue Parliameit and give the fatigued members their usual vacation to which many of them look forward as eagerly its school boys. On thb morning of the prorogation an incident occurred which,'no doubt, thel perpetrators considered a .hiuge joke, but which in reility was a contemptible and cowardly act, beneath the dignity of any man worthy of the name to be guilty of. On the morning in question each imetmber received by post a loi~, vulgar effusion, emanating from- the brain of some one styling himself the ghost of -IMarcus Clarke. The abominable effusion, entitled A Devil-cum-Darwin m xperimenit, gave:in disgusting detail the manufacture of a man according to that experinient, and wound up by hinting in unmistakeable terms that the most obtuse individual could not fail to understand that the man in questionwas a prIominent member of the Oppositmom, who, when lie entered the Chamber, was greeted with a laugh from his fellow members, .who apparently en joyed the annoyance and indignation that the victim of the cowardly and atrocious act exhibited. The Hew railway line was -opened for traffic on Monday last without the custo mary banquet, the dignitaries and resi-' dents of that pretty village being too much disgusted with the arbitrary action of the railway authorities, in completely ignoring their wishes respecting the line of route to be adopted, to care to celebrate the inauguration of railway communica tion with the metropolis by any of the rejoicings usual on such occasions. Another robbery, culminating in the death of the victim, occurred at an early hour on Sunday morning in the vicinity of the East Melbourne Cricket Ground. The murderer so far.las escaped, but strenuous efforts are being made by the police to capture him. Two women, one old the other young, who were his accomn plices, have been arrested and chlared with complicity in the crime. '1 le Scots Church cdngregation, who are still withlut a permanent pastor, are to be taken.lcharge of temporarily by the Rer. Dr. Lamg, of Glhsgi-w, who arrived fronm Scotland on Monday by the Oroya. Like his predecessor, Dr. Cameron Lees, lie comes to us with the highest creden tials, and it is to be hoped that his minis trations will servo to keep the congrega tion together until the trustees succeed in obtaining a worthy successor of Dr. Strong, whose place seemis 'cry diflicult to fill. 