tr A I MA. " AN OBIGINAL AUSTRALIAN STOEY, BT HAROLD STEPHEN, ESQ., M.P. OP NEW SOUTH WALES. (All Rights Ji-esfirval.') CHAPTER LV. IN COURT—THE CASE FOB THE PIiUNXIVF. There was a good gathering in thfe court of Common Pleas when the c ise, Doe on the demise of James Tredegar versus Sir Charles North, was called on for trial. The defendant was well-known both in fashionable and commercial circles, and not a few members of the Upper Ten Thousand had come to bear the celebrated case, which involved the characters of the rival claimants, as well as the disposal of a large fortune. Bunce Hawthorn was there, in great iorce, shaking hands with everybody worth shaking hands with, and whispering in the ears of great ladies, and men of position, the latest on-diti concerning the case. Then, too, there was a great mustering of the legal profession, it being understood that counter charges of forgery, and conspiracy to defraud, would be brought against the solicitors of the parties to the suit. Of our particular friends, there were present : Sir Charles North, Mr. and Mrs. Dart Tredegar, Monsieur Brantome (who had come over from Paris for the express purpose) and Seth Parkins. Harry Lascelles and his bride were absent, not having yet returned fcom their weddingtour; whilst Bertie Leraoorte had, for some unexplainable reason; refused to attend the trial, and had gone back to Paris a few days previously, after a flying visit to London. By the side of Mr. Taistlethwaite, eat the Professor, looking careworn and anxious; but Sumner was not in court, it having been decided that he should not put in an appearance until the last moment. On the bench, sat the Lord Chief Justioe, by whoBe side seats had been placed for some ladies of rank, who had come there in search of a sensation, much in the same spirit&B; they would have gone to a theatre or a con- , cert. The necessary preliminaries having been gone through, Mr. Bumptious Q. C. rose, and, hitching up his gown, proceeded to state the case for the plaintiff. He was a huge, unwieldly gentleman, with deep-set eyes overhung by enormous gray eyebrows, a long, pendulous nose, daintily flecked with rosy spots towards tha tip, and a large, thick-lipped mouth, which he occasionally opened, and thten shut with a loud snap,whioh proved very effective in terrifying a timid witness. "Mayit please your lordship, gentlemen of the jury," he began, " never in the coarse of a long career, haB it been my. fate to champion a cause which is so palpably that of truth and justice as that of my client in this instance. It is our unhappy fste often to be brought face to face with crime, and our hearts are supposed to be dead to all the more tender emotions of the human nature. To a certain extent, this is true. We, who have daily to plead the cause of the oppressed and unfortunate, cannot aSord to give way to our feelings on every occasion. We are compelled,BO to say, to bottle up our sympathies, in order to avoid the wear and tear whioh would result if we gave them free vent. Once in a while, however, it happens that the advocate cannot steel his heart to the woes of his client, and euch is the case with myself in now addressing you."—Here the, learned gentleman paused, and, extricating a huge, snuff-stained bandanna handkerchief from bis coat-tails, applied it to hiB nose with great dramatio effect. His voice, when he resumed, was low and broken, but he aoon gathered strength, and thundered as loudly as be was wont. He continued: "Myclient oomesbefore you this day seeking to resoue the home of his ancestors from the rathless grasp of the Bpoilr. He comes bringing with bim the orphan children of bis brother, who have also been made victims of this most treaoher- OUB attempt at fraud. I am here reminded that these children, who have been to my client as bis own, have been estranged from him through the arts of his wily opponents; but their interests are identical with his, and when we have torn the mask from the face of their deceiver, they will once more learn to recognise the value of the affection they have of late been taught to reject and despise. Our case is briefly this:—some time last year Mr. James Tredegar, a gentleman of considerable wealth, died, leaving behind him a will bequeathing the bulk of his property to my client, Mr. Stephen Tredegar, commonly known as Professor Tredegar, and further devising large sums of money to the orphan children of his deceased son, James, and suitable legacies to his household servants, most of whom had served him faithfully for years. We shall prove that this will was executed on the very day of the testator^ death, but whilst he was in the fall possession of his faculties." •'We do not intend to raise that point," said Sergeant Jekyll. " Very well," replied Mr. Bumptious. " It iB jast as well that yoa do not, for it woald have been useless if yoa h^d." Mr. Bumptious delivered this remark in his jocular manner, and was rewarded by a laugh, in which some of the jurymen joined. " Now, gentlemen," he resumed," nothing being more oertain than that this will was pro- perly executed, yon will wonder why we come into court at all—the explanation lies in the fact that the defendant claims the whole of the enormous property of the late James Tredegar—a property which, I am credibly informed, yields, or is capable of yielding, an annual income of over twelve thousand pounds, besides a large house in London, and very valuable personal effects I say, the defendant claims all this under a deed of transfer, purporting to have been made years previously,for which the absurdly inadequate consideration was an annuity of five thousand pounds! I ask you now, is it possible to believe that a keen man of business, like the late Mr. Tredegar, who was, in the main, the founder .of his own immense fortune, would have been guilty of such an act of folly ? The defendant, seeing how hopeless it would be to make any twelve men of ordinary intelligence believe such story, has sought to bolster np his case by a letter from the late Mr. Tredegar, in which he is supposed to give as his reason for such an extraordinary proceeding, the extreme distrust he had of my client, his son, Stephen, who, be is made to say, is a very minster of iniquity, and capable of any crime ! The ab- , surdity of such an accusation is even more patent than the abeurdity of the pretended transfer. .Stephen Tredegar is a man of science—a gentleman who haa lived for many yearB in a secluded village in Germany, where he pursued his vocation as a chemist of the higher order. Tnere he brought up the children of his deceased brother, leading with them a harmless, blameless life. If he were the astute villain the defence woald make out, is it likely that he would have been content with such a humble, retired life? Would he not rather have utilized his talents for intrigue, and established himself in some great city where his talents woald have a field for display ? The letter, I referred to—as I am instructed, a most impudent forgery — alleges that Stephen was in league with his father's soli- citor, and that the two would infallibly combine to obtain th9 property somehow—if so why did not the elder Tredegar dismiss this solicitor, and employ some other in whom he oould confidently rely ? You will see that, in order to sustain this deed of transfer, it was absolutely necessary to blacken the character of the solicitor, who, under ordinary circumstances, would have been entrusted with its preparation. The letter contains also a vagus threat of some formidable disclosure affecting the moral character of my client. I need scarcely say that we have nothing to do with that. If Stephen Tredegar were the greatest villain in Eng. land, it could not affact his right to his father's property; but there is deep malice in this threat. Any accusation always somewhat taint the character of the purest of men, and most especially when it is vague and undefined. Some motive was necessary to account for the singular animosity which the defendant wishes you to believe that James Tredegar cherished for his son and natural heir, and refuge has been taken in cowardly insinuation. But the real aaee for the defence lies in the unimpeachable evidence afforded by the bank books of James Tredegar and Sir Charles North, whioh olearly show that large sums of money were paid by the former to the latter, and that annual payments of five thousand pounds were made in return. They oontend that the sums paid by James Tredegar were the rents of the estates, and that the payments of Sir Charles North represented the annuity. Bat I shall be able to place these transactions before you in a very different light. For many years, the elder Tredegar and the defendant speculated largely together in a species of informal partnership. The same books will show that large sums of money constantly passed between them, and I am advised that the payments, upon which the case for the defence rests, were either made in pursuit of such speculation, or, which seems to me more probable, that a considerable loan has been made to Sir Charles by the deceased upon condition of repayment by annual instalments of five thousand pounds. I must direct your attention to the great probabiliry that the idea of this bill of transfer was first suggested by these money transactions, which could be made so servioable, in supporting by apparently unimpeachable evidence the supposed sale to the defendant. Ton will also be told by the defence, that James Tredegar was in the habit of making wills, for the purpose of leaving his solicitor in doubt as to his final intentions. Was there ever a more lame attempt at explaining away a difficulty ? Like many rich men, the late Mr. Tredegar was much exercised in mind with reference to the final disposition of his property, and having no specially loved one amongst his relations and friends, he changed his mind very often, But granting, for the sake of argument, that he was actuated by the suggested motive in making so many wills, is it not in the last degree improbable that he would oarry on this deception whilst he lay in articulo mortis—in the very jaws of death ? At such an awful time when the portals of the unseen world were gaping to admit him, would he—could hebusy himself about such a trivial matter as deceiving his solioitor? Suoh an act would, in itself, be evidence of suoh a morbid condition of the brain as could only be regarded as insanity. Dying men do not occupy themselves in telling liea wfth their last breath—or, if they do, they cannot be sane; and we shall show most conclusively that the testator was in fall possession of his faculties, although the power of speech had almost left him. I will not further occupy the time of the ooort, as I am satisfied I have said enough to show to you the monstrous nature of the conspiracy to which my unfortunate client has fallen a viotim. Call JoBiah Thistlethwaite." The solicitor took his stand in the witnessbox with a jaunty, self-satisfied air, whioh was, in _ truth, assumed for the purpose of conoealing the nervousness he could not help feeling at the prospect of the ordeal before him. In repljr to one of the junior oounsel for the plaintiff, he deposed that he had acted as solicitor and confidential agent to the late Mr. James Tredegar for many years, that he had prepared many wills by the direction of the deceased gentleman, and that the last of these—the one under which the plaintiff claimed the property—had been executed in his presence, after having been read over by the deceased in the presence of the attesting witnesses. Mr. James Tredegar, he continued, was able to converse with him during the earlier part of their interview, and was oertainly in full possession of his faonlties, bat he gradually beoame so weak that the exertion of talking beoame too great for him, and (if the witness remembered aright) he signified his approval of the will, in the presence of the witnesses, by a simple monysyllable and a bend of his head. Witness was thoroughly conversant with James Tredegar's affairs, and had no reason whatever to suspeot the existence of any deed of transfer such as that ander whioh Sic Charles North had entered into possession of the property. The consideration of an annuity of five thousand pounds was utterly inadequate, as the revenues of the estate never were less than ten thousand pounds per annum. He knew that Mr. James Tredegar and the defendant, Sir Charles North, had speculated together, although he had personally never been brought in contact with Sir Charles, the business between them being, he supposed, transacted by' a sharebroker. Questioned as to the relations sub- BFSting being the deceased gentleman and his son, Stephen, Mr. Thistlethwaite said that they had been estranged for many years, owing to some love affair of whioh the father disapproved. Had known Mr. Stephen Tredegar and done business for mm. Never heard the eldest Tredegar allege that his son had been guilty of any offence beyond that mentioned, and had reason to believe that the old gentleman would have readily become reconciled to him, had Stephen presented himself for the purpose, as he (witness) had often urged him to do. Believed that Mr. Stephen Tredegar had some position in the scientific world, and held the title of Professor, owing to his having held such a position at a German university. The children of the elder son, James, long Bince deceased, had been educated at the cost of their uncle Stephen, who had adopted them on the death of their parents, some thirteen or fourteen years ago. Had heard the elder Tredegar speak in terms of commendation of this action on the part of his son Stephen, and believed that his last will was made in accordance with that feeling. The witnesses to that will were tradesmen residing in the neighborhood of the deceased, who had been called in for the purpose, as legacies had been left to all the members of the household. Mr. Curtis, one of the junior counsel for the defendant, began his cross-examination by asking Mr. Josiah Thistlethwaite whether he was the same gentleman who had recently been accused of malpractice. This_ question was objeoted to by Mr. Bumptious, and ruled inadmissible by the Court—but the end was obtained all the same—the jury were made to understand that the _witness had been engaged in eome transaction which had been considered by some pe son or other as infamous. This is a favorite method of procedure in courts of justice, barristers being perfectly satisfied to put a question v^hich they know will not be permitted, bat \v..ich serves their purpose in damaging the character of a witness, often, indeed, more than if the answers are forthcoming. After some unimportant questions, Mr*,. Curtis asked whether Mr. Thistlethwaite was not in the habit of corresponding with Mr. Stephen Tredegar. " I wrote to hioa occasionally when the business which I was transacting for him required it," was the answer. " And, of course, you did not always strictly confine yourself to buBinesB?" "JI do not|suppose any man of business is in the habit of mixing up other matters with hiB business," replied Mr. Thistlethwaite. " I know that I am not." " Will you swear that it was not in consequence of a letter sent by you that Stephen Tredegar came over to England a day or two previous to his father's death ?" The witness hesitated, reflecting that it might be possible that some of his letters had fallen into the hands of the plaintiff through Alma or Dart Tredegar, but he was saved by Mr. Bumptious, who objected to the question. " I am anxious to establish the fact that a conspiracy existed between the witness and the plaintiff," said Mr. Curtis. " The question is, I submit, admissible." "Not certainly in that form, Mr. Curtis," said the Chief Justice. " The witness couid not possibly give evidenoe as to the motive of the plaintiff." " Then, my lord, I will pat it this way : Did you write to the plaintiff informing him that his father was dying ?" After further argument,Mr. Thistlethwaite was obliged to reply thBt it was possible he might have mentioned the fact as he was then in correspondence with the plaintiff upon another matter. Mr. Bumptious objected here to the line of cross-examination adopted by his learned friend. They were not their to try the validity of the will under which the plaintiff claimed, but to decide upon the value of the deed of transfer. Probate had been taken out in due course, and a verdict in favor of the plaintiff would not establish his right to the property as against claimants under any previous will, but would merely nulify the title of Sir Charles North. To insinuate, therefore, that there was anything wrong about the will, was merely to waste the time of the court. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll differed from his learned friend. The locus standi of the plaintiff muBt first be definitely settled. It muBt be clearly shown that he had a right to appear in that court as a claimant. HiB claim must come under consideration before that of the defendant was dealt with at all Moreover, what was the object of putting in evidence with reference to the will if the question of its validity had 11 no bearing on the oase ? The defendant was entitled to question their right as much as they were entitled to question nis. After a long argument, in whioh all the counsel engaged in the case took part, the court decided with Serjeant Jeykll, and the cross - examination was resumed. But nothing of any importance transpired: Mr Josiah Thistlethwaite had told his tale, and adhered to it, submitting to a badgering which lasted for over two hours without letting his opponenta score another point against him. "Did you see him after the will was made ?" asked Mr. Curtis in cross-examination. " I saw him twice on that day, I find on referencejto my book, but 1 could not possibly tell whether he had then made his will or not," was the reply. " Was he in the habit of talking to yon about his affairs ? Did he tell yon he had made a will that day ?" " I had known Mr. James Tredegar for many years, and always found him, like most successful men of business, very reticent. We never conversed about |hia private affairs." " Then he might have made a will that day?" asked Mr. Walton, counsel foz the plaintiff, when Mr. Curtis had resumed his seat. " He might—I see no reaon why he should not have done so," the doctor replied, and the examination ended. Jabez Hooker then deposed that he had witnessed the will in question .which was read over in his presence to the deceased gentleman, and approved by him before he signed it. "Is it not Unusual for witnesses to be made acquainted with the nature of a will they are witnessing ?" asked Mr. Curtis. WitnesB knew nothing about it. Had never witnessed a will before, and never wished to witness one again. Was a struggling tradesman with a large family, and thought it hard lines that, juBt because he had obliged a customer by witnessing his will, he ehonld be dragged away from his shop, and kept dangling about the court day after day for almost nothing. Mr. Bumptious interjected that the will had been read over in the presence of the witnesses because of the condition of the deceased gentleman, and by his express deBire. There could be no object in keeping its provisions secret, as he was at the point of death, and all would be known in a few hours. "Yon saw Mr. Tredegar sign the will?" continued Mr. Curtis. "Yea." " Yon are Bare it was Mr. Tredegar ? You knew him well?" "I knowed him well enough. Anyhow, are it likely as anyone else could be a-settin' in Mr. Tredegar's bed in his own. room 7" John Stiles testified to the same effect as the last witness, but added that the room was so dark he could not very well distinguish the features of the testator. " Do yon doubt that it was he, then ?" asked Mr. Curtis, eagerly. " No, eir—it was him sure enough, but the room was darkish, and there was heavy curtains on the bed, so that I remember wonder- ing how he could see to write his name." The late Mr, Tredegar's butler and housekeeper were then called and gave evidence as to their master's sanity, but, as it was shown that they were directly interested in the auccesB of the plaintiff, being expectant legatees under the will in question, their evidence could not be regarded as of much value. Mr. Sterling, a share-broker, deposed that he had transacted much business in shares for Sir Charles North and the late Mr. Tredegar ; that he had been in the habit of paying to, and receiving money from, either of the two gentleman, on their joint account, and that his connection with tuem had subsisted for Borne years, during which he had always regarded them as partners, at least as far as speculation in stock and shares were concerned. Being asked in cross-examination whether he had not kept account of each sums paid and received, he said that he bad, but that, unfortunately, his books had perished in a fire some months previously, and it would be utterly impossible for him to remember what monies he had paid or received on account of the two gentlemen. He further added that, even if the books were producable, they would only have shown the transactions er>. tered under the names of North andTredegt r as partners, no memorandum having been kept as to which of the two gentlemen made or received the payments. The case for the plaintiff dosed here, and, as it was then late in the afternoon the court adjourned until the following day. CHAPTER LVI. THE CASE FOB THE DEFENDANT. On the resumption of the case, on the fol- lowing morning, there was even a larger attendance of the pablio than there had been on the first day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the case for the defence as follows: "My lord, gentlemen of the jury—my learned friend began yesterday by telling yoa how deeply bis heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which his olient haB been placed by the defendant. I shall begin by telling yon that my feelings also are interested in this case, in as much as I cannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pretensions of the plaintiff, based as tbey are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my olient, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himself With one of the most respected solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and perjury. For, if the ease for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must have entered into such a conspiracy, and been gnilty of such crimes. I shall soon show yon, however, upon how rotten a foundation this charge is based, and how, in reality, the gnilt is with those who make the oharge. In the first place it is neoessary to consider the claim made by the plaintiff ander the supposed will of whiohBO mach has been said. His lordship will not fail to tell you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless yoa are thoroughly satisfied that this will is genuine, it will be yoar daty to return a verdiot for the defendant, without taking into your consideration the deed of transfer ander whioh be now holds the property at issue. I mast ask yoa distinctly to understandthataverdictfor the defendantwiU in nowise bar any future claim which may be made by persons fancying themselves entitled under any other will, bat will be merely an expression of opinion on yonr part that the will we are now dealing with was not made by James Tredegar, or was not a genuine expression of his last wishes. For, I beg yon to remark that it by no means follows, even if you are satisfied that he executed that will, that it was a bona-fide expression of his intentions with reference to the disposal of his property. Oar case is that he made many wills, with a view to deceive his solicitor, who now aots for the claimant, and we contend that, even if the will in (question were genuine, it was merely intended as a blind. But I am in hopea that I shall be able to show clearly that the will is merely an impudent forgery. Let us now consider what the plaintiff's witnesses have to say with referenoe td this matter. Mr. Thistlethwaite says he prepared many willB for the deceased gentleman, thas admitting a most important fact. He also admitted that he had been in correspondence with the plaintiff, and might have informed him of his father's illness, and urged bim to ooine over to England at once." " Mr. Thistlethwaite did not say that he might have urged the plaintifi to come to England, be merely admitted that, as he waB in correspondence with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, at the time, he might have informed that gentleman of his father's illness," interjected Mr. Bump- tious. " My learned friend may be right," said Serjeant Jekyll, " but it is of no real consequence, for the witness admitted that a letter which was shown to him was apparently in nis own handwriting, and that letter will show conclusively that, not only did he urge Stephen Tredegar to come over at once, but that he wrote to him for no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to the peculiar circumstances attendant upon the execution of this extraordinary will. The solicitor swears that the testator was too ill to speak in the presence of the witnesses; Jabez Hooker and John Stiles swear that it was read over to them before it was executed—a most unusual course of procedure, as His Lordehip will tell you—and John Stiles swore that the room was so dark that he could not well distinguish the features of the deceased gentleman. These witnesses were comparative strangers to the testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had been the habit of dealing, who had been called in to witness the will because legacies were left to all the servants of the household. Th s is a very convenient way of securing a body ; of useful allies, and, at the same time, securing the absence from the room of persons intimately acquainted with the deceased. What will you thick, gentlemen, when I tell you that James Tredegar was not in that room at all ?" Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of expectation was noticeable throughout the court, the case was becoming exciting. Many eyes were turned on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a harried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, bat Serjeant Jekyll alone had noticed the slight start, and rapid interchange of glances, with which his announcement had been received by them. He resumed: "Yes, gentleman, incredible as it may at first appear to you, I assert that JameB Tredegar had no more to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn the testimony of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they were deceived in supposing that James Tredegar signed that will, for the person who did it was his son, the plaintifi, Stephen Tredegar 1" This denunciation, the learned gentleman delivered with tremendous force, and, for a moment, the Professor, upon whom all eyes were turned, winced, as if under the lash of a whip. Whence had they derived the information upon which this accusation wasfounded? He knew not—he could not imagine how a secret only known to himself and Thistlethwaite had been betrayed. Turning to his lawyer who sat by his side, he asked, by a glance, the question he dared not give utterance to. Thistlethwaite, pale as a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to shrug his shoulders, as if insinuating that the accusation was merely a trumped-up charge, of a piece with the rest of the case for the defence. This pantomine did |not occupy a minute, whilst the serjeant was wiping nis brow, and drinking some water. " Gentlemen of the jury," he continued, " by a special act of Providence, we have been plaaed in possession of the facts of this detestable conspiracy; for the real truth of the impersonation was known only to the gnilty parties themselves; bat, oat of their own months, we shall convict them. We might olose our case here, but I shall not rest until I have thoroughly convinced yoa of the truth and honor of my esteemed client. Sir Charles North, and his solioitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produce witnesses who will swear to the signatures on the deed of transfer—experts, men of business and personal friends of the deceased, and I believe that in face of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of doubt that it is a genuine document. You have been told that my client and the late Mr. Tredepar speculated largely together, and that the various payments between the two gentlemen, which, we contend, were in pursuit of the contract made by the deed of transfer, were, in reality, bat incidental to such speculation. It happens, most unfortunately, that the books of the broker who was employed by them, were destroyed, but we shall produce receipts and entries in ledgerB which I think yoa will have no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, and the important faot must not be overlooked by you that the payment of five thousand pounds was made at regular intervals by Sir Charles North, which ooald scarcely be the case if it were in pursuance of haphazard speculation in stook and shares. With reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point out its extreme improbability, as Sir Charles North's banker will prove conclusively that he was never in want of money within his (the banker's) knowledge, and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in excess of his balanoe. The fac« is that the case of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far aa the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the supposition, not only that more than one forgery has been committed by Sir Charlea North, or at his instance, and that various respectable persons are willing to perjure themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series of coincidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. This iB a violent assumption whioh would only be warrantable if facts supported it; aB it is, it is the ' baseless fabric of a vision'—as airy and unsubstantial as a Will o'-the-wisp. I will now—b fore dealing with the plaintiff's claim ander the supposed will—proceed to establish our position with reference to the deed of transfer. Sir Charles North then entered the witnessbox, and deposed that be was the defendant. Had known the late James Tredegar for many years, and been associated with him in many speculations. Received one day a letter from him (produced) in accordance with whioh the deed of transfer was prepared and executed. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of all the circumstances of the oase known to the reader, and produced a number of receipts, letters, bank-books &c.; He was subjected to a prolonged crossexamination by Mr. Bumptious, who strove in vain to make him loose his temper or contradict himself, and, on taking his Beat, was congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon bis behaviour in the witness-box. Amongst other questions, he had been asked whether he had not sought to detach Dart and Alma Tredegar from their uncle. Sir Charles admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that the Professor had only borne the cost and trouble of their education for the purpose of ingratiating himaelf with his father; he added that in so doing he was merely carrying out the wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the children if he found them worthy. Sir Charles also said that, if he were successful in the suit, it was his intention to divide the property equally between Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This announcement caused some sensation in court, and Mr. BumptiouB audibly remarked that it was merely an attempt to oatoh the sympathies of the jury. The next witness was Mr. Freeman, who also had nothing to tell that is not known to the reader, and was likewise subjected to mnch badgering by the counsel for the plaintiff. v Two clerks in the employ of Messrs Freeman and Truelove then deposed that the signature of Thomas Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, genuine, and that the body of the instrument appeared also to be written by him. Sumner had been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied the position of confidential clerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of his dissipated habitB, which had led to frequent absences from the office, and late attendance in the morning. Enew nothing else against bim. The manager and the aocountant of the bank with which the Jate James Tredegar did business, ewore that the signature to the deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, his; and produced books showing entries of sums received and paid in connection with the dealings between the deceased and Sir Charles North. An official from Doctor's Commons now produced the will under which the plaintiff claimed. Samuel Smithson, an expert of standings was then examined. With reference to the deed of transfer, he was of opinion on comparing it with other dooumentB in the handwriting of Thomas Sumner that it was genuine. Being asked to look at the will he said that the signature of James Tredegar (attached to it) appeared also to be real, but, having learned that it was supposed to have been written whilst the deceased gentleman was speechless, and in extremis, ho had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man could, ander such circumstances, write bis name in his ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signatures obtained under almost similiar circumstances, and in no single instance was there one which bore more than a general shaky resemblanoe to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness some letters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, they were all written by the same hand. Mr. Smithson examined them long and carefully, and said that they were most undoubtedly so written, addiug that corroborative evidence was afforded by the paper I which bore the same water-maiK and the i printed address at the commencement of the | letters, in whioh the peculiarity might be ] noticed that the tail of the numeral " 2" was ! missing in all, thus showing that the type used had been broken, and that all had been j printed at the same time. i Mr. Bumptious asked to see the letters in ; ! question. j i " All in good time, my friend," said Mr. | Curtis. " One of them is the letter from | i Thistlethwaite to the plaintiff, which has ; . been already before the court. You will | have an opportunity for inspecting them all 1 presently." ' In cross-examining this witness, Mr. Bumptious strove hard to lessen the faot of his testimony by asking him whether, after all, questions as to the genuineness of signatures were not merely matters of opinion, and whether it was not possible that other experts, equally skilled with himself, mipht not hold a contrary opinion, to his <1- •., &c.; But Mr. Smithson was well used to the witness-box, and had been Bsked questions too often to feel embarrassed, he replied, after such fashion that Mr. Bumptious might aa well have left the questions unasked. Another expert then gave similiar evidence, and was suffered to leave the box without cross- examination. To him succeeded a well-known physician of high standing, who swore that, in the condition that James Tredegar was said to be, it would be almost impossible for him to use such muscular exertion as would be required to write his signature in his ordinary manner. " Might not," asked Mr. Walton in crossexamination for the plaintiff. " Might not a dying man brace himself to an effort under euch circumstances, and write, for a minute, aB usual ?" "Well, it is just poaaible, and that is all," replied the witness. Another dootor gave similiar evidenoe, and then there was some stir in the court, as Mr. Curtis called " Henry Lasaelles." CHAPTER LVII. THE SECRET BECES8. I think that the reader, who haB followed the fortunes of my heroine and her lover thus far, would not believe me if I attempted to locate their honeymoon anywhere else than in Grabenthal. That sequestered village waB endeared to them by so many pleasant recollections that it seemed the most natural thing in the world for them to retnrn to it to enjoy the frnition of their loves. There was no argument on the point, neither knew which made the suggestion, nor even when it was made; and the expression of their intention caused no surprise in their little cirole of friends. There, where Alma had wandered "in maiden meditation, fanoy free"—there,where Dornroachea had dreamed her dream of love, and tasted the awakening kiss of her prince—there, where they had cooed their first notes of mutual admiration —there only, of all places in the wide wide world, oould they thoroughly realise the blissful present, and speculate over the roseate future. Tbey made their entry into the villiage, after unpretentious fashion, by the Eilwagen ; but Frau Werther had been advieed of their coming, and as joyful a procession of merry-makers had assembled to greet them, as if they had been the noble Graf and Grafinn, whose ancestral ruins frowned down upon the valley in rebuke of such frivolities. There were maidens, looking like so many Gretchens ready to go on in the opera of Faust, yellow-haired, short-kilted, wreathbearing ; burschen blushing and bowing ; old men and old woman in attire magnificent with brazen ornaments—in fact, it was high holiday in the village, and everybody was there to do the young people honor. Foremost to greet them—the place was his by right—was the Herr Pastor, silver-haired, and rusty of clothing; but his old eyes beamed with delight, and wedding-ribbons decked his hat; whilst in his hand he bore a floral offering in the shape of a huge nosegay which he,fastened in Alma'e waist-band, after he had given her a loving kies ot wel oome. By rights, other village potentates should have followed the Pastor, bnt Gustl was not to be denied, and grossly infringed the law of precedence, bursting through the throng,and casting her brawny arms around her former mistress' neok. Frau Werther, bustling up to interpose, IoBt her head also, and soon all laws were forgotten—to the terrible disoomfiture of the village marshal of the ceremonies, who was not paoified until he had inbibed so many soboppen of beer as to be indifferent to anything. The first transports of the meeting over, a procession was formed, and the young couple were condacted to the mill, whilst the looal band played divers national airs suitable to the occasion. Here a new trial awaited them, for they were compelled to hold a formal reception, whioh involved endless hand-shakinga and pretty epeeches, for every* body, with the smallest pretension to be considered anybody, insisted upon paying his or her respects to the bride and the bride groom. " Thank Heaven, it is all over!" exclaimed Harry, when the last of the visitors had departed. "It has been the moat perfectly awful trial I have ever undergone in my life." " But your trials are not yet over, dear," said Alma, with a smile. " There is to be a grand ball thiB evening, and you will have to open the proceedings with the Fraa Burgmeisterinn." Harry groaned. " It's just my luok 1" he said. " We come here—to the most oat-ofthe-way secluded spot in all Germany— hoping to be left alone, and, by George, if we had been the Crown Prince and Princeaa of Prussia they couldn't have made more powwow over us I" " And you are not pleased to find that your little wife is not forgotten ?" " Oh, hang it, yes 1 I appreciate the compliment, child; still, that doea not make it the less a bore. Bat I am not going to make you unhappy, little one, and I promise I'll dance with the Burgomaster's wife, or any other frau you like, so long as my feet last." Harry LasoelleB had-not forgotten his experiences on the ocoasion of Gastl's betrothal, and, very naturally, he dreaded the ordeal, which, however, he knew oould not be evaded without giving dire offence to the simple oountry folk, amongat whom his wife had passed so many happy years. The ball began at half past seven, and lasted until one o'clock, which were the orthodox hours in Grabenthal for beginning and concluding auch a " function." Harry, albeit somewhat awkward at first, comported himself manfully, and to the entire satisfaction the of villagers,who,one and all, deolared that the young Fraulein had certainly found a husband worthy of herself. Notwithstanding the previous evening's dissipation, everybody was up and doing shortly after sunrise, and, after they had made a hearty breakfast, our yonng friends started out for a ramble; which ended, as might be expected, on the heights of Rubenstein, which locality was sacred to them as the place of their first meeting. The same old rook who had witnessed their betrothal, sat upon the same withered bough, and cawed his welcome as they approached. Be sure he recognised the youthful pair, whose love-making had called up sach fond memories in his aged breast; but, if he envied their happiness, he could at least console himself by the reflection that he, too, had tasted earthly happiness—he, too, bad loved. Then they reolined onjthe well-remembered knoll, and chattered pretty, silly love-talk, until Alma deolared that it was time to go home, if they did not wish to break Frau Werther's heart by spoiling the dinner. "As if we could eat 1" exclaimed Harry, j reproaohfully. " Just when I begin to feel the divine afflatus stirring within my breast —just when I am thinking what a poem I could write, if I gave my mind to it—you break in with your prosaic reference to food. Alma, I am ashamed of you 1" " Maybe, what you mistake for divine afflatus iB only the incipient stage of hunger, dear," replied Alma, with a merry laugh. " Come along, at least, if we are not huDgry, we ought not to be so poetically selfish as to forget that our hosts may be more materially inclined." That this view of the oase was shared by the old rook, there can be no doubt, for, as Alma finished speaking, he spread his wings, cawed his farewell, and swept gracefully downward to the pine forest, to hie accustomed pasturage. After dinner, Alma was carried off, will; nilly, by Frau Werther, in order that she might deliver a fall, true and particular account of all that had happened to her since her departure from Grabenthal. Then Harry lit a pipe, and strolled listlessly about the place, feeling very, much aggrieved at being thus deprived of his bride at the very commencement of his honeymoon, and when no other companionship was available, and even reading was impossible, owing to the entire absence of books and newxpapers in the only language he knew sufficiently well to be able to read withont a dictionary. Alter an hour of unspeakable boredom, the young man wandered baok to the mill, and began exploring. He soon exhausted the sitting-room, which had been stripped of all the various little knidk-knackB that gave it a home-like appearance in lormer days, and bad been reduced to that orthodox Btifi formality which is the height of style in the eyes of the less cultivated classes. In the corner of the room there was a small door, whioh Harry opened, and perceived that it led into one of those stair-caseB in the wall, which were so dear to the architects of our forefathers* Ascending these stairs, he found himself in a small turret- chamber, whioh had evidently remained unused since the Professor left Trrabenthal, for, on the floor, were many scraps and sbreds, the signs of " paoking up." Near the window stood an ancient escntore which Harry lost no time in opening. It contained pigeonholes and drawers innumerable, but all were empty, and he waB about to turn away ,-vhen he perceived, amidst the brass moulding, a tiny knob, which shone as if it had been subjected to more constant friotion than its sur- Coundings. " A secret drawer, I'll lay my life 1" Harry mattered. " Now for a glorious find—open Sesame I" (To be continued.) " A Man Who Could Keep Cool- " Mister, no doubt you have all thelearnin that's required in a school teacher, but it 1 wants more than learnin' to make a man able to teaoh school in Cranberry Gnlch. You'll soon find that oat if you try. We've had three who tried it on. One layB there in the graveyard, another lost his eye; the laBt one opened eobool and left before noontime for the benefit of hiB health. He hasn't been baok sinoe. Now, you're a slender bnild, and all your learnin' will only make it worse, for all onr young folks are roughs, and don't stand no nonsense." This is what one of the distriot trustees said to my friend Harry Flotoe when he made application for the vacant position of teacher. " Let me try. I know I am slender, but I am tough and I have a strong will," Baid Harry. " Just as you like. There's the schoolhouse, and I'll have notice given if you want it done," said the trustee. , " I do," said Harry, " and I'll open next Monday at 9 a.m." The notioe was given, and there WBB a good deal ot excitement in the Gulch and along the Yuba Flats. More than fifty young people of both sexes made an OXCUBB to drop into the tavern to get a sight of the fellow who thought be could keep school in that district, and many a contemptuous glance fell on the slender form and youthful faoe of the would-be teacher. Sight o'clock on Monday morning came, and Harry Flotoe went down to the sohoolhouse with a key in one hand and a valise in the other. "Beady to slope if he finds we're too much for him," said a cross-eyed, broad- shouldered fellow of eighteen. The isohool-house was unlocked, and the new teacher went to his desk. Some of the young folks went to Bee what be was going to do, though the school was not called. Harry opened his valise and took out a luge belt. Then, after buckling it around his waist, he put three Colt's navy revolvers there, each six barrels, and a bowie knife eighteen inches in the blade. " ThunderI he means business 1" muttered the cross-eyed ohap. The new teacher now took out a square card about four inches each way, walked to the other end of the school-house, and tacked it up against the wall. Returning to the desk, he took a revolver from his belt, and quick as thought sent ball after ball into the card till there were six balls in a spot not mueh larger than a silver dollar. By this time the Bohool-houee was half full of large boys and girls. The little ones were afraid to oome in. Then the teaoher walked half way down the room with a bowie knife in his hand, and threw it with BO true a hand that it stuok quivering in the centre of tbe card. He left it there, and quietly put two more ot the same kind in hiB belt and reloaded his yet smoking pistol. " Ring the bell; I am abont to open school." He spoke to the cross eyed boy. the bally of the crowd, and the boy rang the bell without a word. " The soholars will take their esajs ; I open sohool with a prayer," he said, sternly, five minutes later. The soholars sat down silently, almost breathless. After the prayer the teaoher cooked a revolver and walked down on the floor. "We will arrange tbe olasses," he said: " all who oan read, write, and spell will rise. Of them we will form the first class." Only six got np. He esoorted them to upper seats, and then he began to examine the rest. A whisper was heard behind him. In a second he wheeled, revolver in hand. "No whispering allowed here!" he thundered, and for an instant his revolver lay on a level with the orosB- ejed boy'* bead. "I'll not do it any more," gasped the bully. " See you do not. I never give a Becond warning," said the teaoher, and the revolver feU. It took two hours to organize the olasses, but when done they were all organized. Then came recess. The teacher went out too, for the room was crowded and hot. A hawk war oiroling overhead, high in the air. The teaoher drew his revolver, and the next second the hawk came tumbling down among the wondering scholars. From that day on Harry kept sohool for two years in Cranberry Guloh, his salary doubled after the first quarter, and his pupils learned to love as well as to respect him, and the revolvers were out of sight within a month. They had found a man at last who oould keep sohool. This is a fact. Respect the Rights of Others.—The man or woman wno possesses tbe true spirit of conciliation knows that no right is too small to be respected, no kindness too trifling to be rendered, no part of life too insignificant to command consideration. 