INTERNATIONAL NOTES. from ocr ows cormsfosdent. LONDON, 18th march. A ware ot optimism has saccceedod the de pression which was caused by the apprehen sions of an immediate war which were preva lent during the preceding fortnight. The patriotism of all parties iu tho German Reichstag in allowing the Army Bill to pass with but a slight show of dissatisfac tion at the scptennate clause removed Prince Bismarck's pretence of alarm for tbe continu ance of poace being jeopardised. Germany has bean fnade comfortable, and tho irresolution of the Czar has been increased ; but tlie danger of war from some unforeseen incident remains just wherejit was. One such iucidout has since occurred in tho attempt made to assassinate the Czar, and it is by no means certain what effect that will have upon tlicconrse of events. The blame of the oalragchasbeen laid to almost ovcry party in the empire, but it seems to meet everybody's interest to fix it finally npon tiio Nihilists. The arrests, which are more numerous than is admitted, iucludo a great many constitntionists — those who are becoming tired of waiting for the boon pro mised by successive Czars of liberalising the institutions of tho conntry. The Nurd, the in ternational mouthpiece of the Russian Government, woefully admits that the country is seething with discontent — a state of things which may either require the greater devotion of tho Government to the consideration of home affairs, or may lead to adventure abroad in tho hope of distracting the attention of the people from domestic matters, Thero is us much to be said on ono side as the other. The Post, which has the reputation of being Prince Bismarck's organ, takes a very gloomy view of the situation. It declares, with apprehension and regret, that Europe roust be prepared for a policy of despair, which may take the shape either of fatalistic submission or warlike enterprise, and it looks npon the latter as the moro probable. Such speculations are of little value howerer. So far there has been no manifestation either at Gutschiua or Peters burg of auy purpose whatever, and it is to these places that inquirers must look for indi cations of action or inaction. The pro bability is that recent events will lead to paralysis rather than madness. The Czar will not be able to moke up his own mind ; his advisers will discountenance a policy of adven ture, and the war party will be withoat a leader. Some further accident orincident will be required to proroke hostilities, and that may come at auy time. The state of affairs is just as pre carious as ever— neither better nor worse. Strange to say, thero has been a distinct recrudescence of the war spirit in France. So long as Prince Bismarck was on tho rampage the papers were filled with tho most bland as surances that tho French ever bad been and ever would bo actuated by a most peace loviug dis position, and they affected surprise that auy impression to the contrary should ever have been produced. Now tbat Frince Bismarck has regaiuedhis serenity, and has shown a disposition to rest and be thankful, his lively neighbors seem .to think that they may safely amuse themselves at his expense by demanding the restitution of the Rhino provinces, and by v«poring about what is likely to happen if the German Empire does not save itself by voluntary dismemberment. The occasion which has served for re-exciting these demonstrations of hostility is no oilier than the friendly Yisit of M. de Lesseps to Berlin. The French have no objection to the receipt of flat tering atteulions paid to their eminent country man, but they ore shocked at the idea of his returning tho compliment. They want to know how he could dare to say that Franco and Prussia are natural friends, and that they should be allies rather than enemies, The result is that M, do Lesseps is at tlie present moment the best abused man at the centre of civilisation. They demand his recuntation, but he add3 to his offenco by repeating in Paris what he said at Berlin. Tho truth is that the offender has quite an enormous appetito for flattery, and at tiie Imperial court lie was fooled to ihe top of his bent. The mistake at bath capitals lies in attaching any importance to his phrases. Prince Bismarck has blundered. His object was to mollify France, and he has, instead, revived the ghost of revenge. The excitement in Paris is so intense that it 'is thought the Gorcruient will have to recall M. Qerbctte for no other reason than that he is the friend of M. dc Lesseps. The situation is ludicrous, and it is rendered more so by the fact that le Grand Prunfais since his return bus sought to establish a set off by abusing England, which, he says, can never for " ob vious reasons " be a natural frieud. M'hr.t tho reasons are it is not worth while to inquire. The approaching ninetieth anniversary of tbe birth of the Emperor of Germany, which is, of course, to be celebrated in a particularly cere monious way, has given rise to a rumor that he is about to abdicate iu favor ol' the Crown Frince, or to retire ia order to lead a life of well- earned repose, leaving the affairs of the State to be administered by a Regency, oi which the Crown Prince will be merely a member. It has uot been considered requisito to contradict the rumors, aud all that can be said about them is that the adoption of either course will not be in accordance with auvthing that is known of the Emperor's disposition. It bos all along beeu understood that it is his ambition to die in harness, discharging all tbe duties which devolve upou him so long as ho rail hold a pen or is able to show himself to his people at his favorite wiud jw. His health is, for his age, excellent. He sleep: a great deal, is fit; naturally, for only a limited amount of exertion, is apt to tire himself out, and some times fails into a state of somnolency which has been magnified into a fainting fit ; but with careful feuding the end may yet be a long way off. It might bo better for him if he were to retire, but it is also a question whether the continuance of light routine work may not have a sustaining tendency. There is auother alternative which is spoken of, namely, that the Crown Prince should be appointed as a coadjutor, to relieve him oi the greater part of his work withoat detracting from his Imperial dignity. A compromise of this kind should be quite praticable, and possibly some scheme of the kind may have served as the foundation for the other rumors. Some surprise has been created by the announcement that the German deficit, caused by the increase of armament, is to be covered by a loan. A few months ago Prussia indulged rather heavily in borrowing, and an endeavor was made to give the transaction a patriotic and heroic appearance. It was not expected thnt tho empire would have to follow the example so quickly, nor was such the intention. But the fact is that the Reichstag, has behaved so handsomely to tiie Chancellor tbat he feels impelled to reciprocate by refraining from worrying it by submitting his cherished monopoly schemes. These will be held back for another year, when it is just possible that another struggle for power between the Crown and the Parliament will set iu. This, no doabt, is good policy, but it is nevertheless a humiliation for Germany to take a leaf out of tbe financial book of France. Borrowiug is always a growing evil, and after the first step has beeu taken it is very easy, for a time, to pursue a downward course. Bat yesterday Germany stood up with England as a thoroughly solvent power, while to-day England stands alone among the great powers in Enrope, although her position is not quite so high as that' of the United States. Tho| political situation in Italy is far from satisfactory. After a prolonged crisis, daring which it was found difficult either to organise a new Cabinet or to reconstruct the old, the King insisted npon the Government being main tained as it was, the Ministers retaining their respective offices. There was really no ade quate provocation for the resignation when it tsak place, asd it was naturally ex- pected that good relations between the Parliament and the Cabinet would he restored, but tlie result is tliat the moderate majority has been seriously reduced." Ia this dilemma the King was advised to prorogue the House, and this was done with apparently resentful quickness. This mode of meeting a crisis does not conform with English ideas of constitutional procedure, and it is not to bo wondered at that the Opposition, taken by surprise, showed signs of resentment. Tlie period of prorogation will necessarily bo short — about a month perhaps, and probably in that time some compromise will be quietly arrived at; hut the prospect is anything hut cheering. In the meantime the treaty with Germany and Austria for mutual defence has been renewed for five years, and there is nothing iu the in ternational relations of the conntry to canse uneasiness. The dissatisfaction roused by the reverses at Mossowali should have had hut a transitory influence' in political circles, and, in the absence of any sufficient reason being assigned for tho hostility of the Opposi tion, their conduct must be characterised as wanton. Pome exciting scenes may lin looked for when the Uouso rc-asseiubles. The time for this must be fixed by special decree. Although it is no doubt true that the new Italian Treaty contains no stipulations for the aggrandisement of Italy in the event of a war which may be followed by a division of spoil, there may be — nay, there must be — a quiet understanding that, if an opportunity pre sents itself of dealing with the future history of Savoy, Nice, Tunis or Tripoli, tiie inchoate rights of Italy will be acknow ledged, if only in consideration of her implied renunciation of every claim to include Trieste or tho Tyrol in tlie Gazetteer of Italia Irmleute. Italy's ambitious views on the coast of North Airica range from Morocco to Lgypt inclusive, and certainly no other power can make out a better case. Italy is almost the only country in Europe that can hope for aggrandisement from a reconstruction of the map. The fact must be taken note of, although not formally registered, in all diplomatic or warlike transactions. Tho projected railway from Detagoa Bay to the Transvaal is bonnd to bo brought into pub lic notice at least once a year, aud yet it makes no progress. A few months ago it was anuounced, on the high authority of a British Consul, that the Portuguese Government, tired of delay, had set to work to construct the railway on its own account. But the intention, if it was ever entertained, has been abuudoned. The concession to construct the line is held by a Portugese company, but it has no money and cannot raise any. Tlie concern has there- fore been handed over to an English syndicate, who have made an attempt to rai.-e money on debentures, in order that the works may bo gone on with. The interest was fixed at 7 per cent. , and the debentures were offered at par. Tho bait was a tempting one, but an alarm was very properly raised when it was discovered that tho debentures were intended to cover the whole expenses of the line, tho company contributing nothing. The holders were thus to construct a line over which they would have no control, aud haud it over to speculators who incurred no risk at all. This latest attempt is, of course, doomed to failure, although no doubt some applications were sont in before ihe nature of the transaction was exposed. The concession to the company extends only to the Portuguese frontier, no concession haTing been made by the Govern ment of the Transvaal. The railway will thus hare only one terminus, which is of course a serious drawback. Otherwise the speculation should bo a good one, and would deserve en- couragemeut. If the works are to go ou the Portuguese Government will, ufter all, have io take them in hand, and it docs net seem to possess tho requisito energy. The high handed way iu which Portugal has asserted her claims over those of the Sultan of Zauzibar is but a humble imitation of the policy of somo of tho greater powers of Europo who ought to set a better example. Portugal has, -however, made one serious mistake. She bus not respected the rights of the numerous natives of India, in whose bauds nearly tho wholo of the trade of the Zanzibar coast is centred, and Euglaud has sent a man-of-war to Tuughi Buy to know the reason why. The result is a suspen sion of the hostilities, and, iu all proba bility, Portugal will liavo a heavy bill of damages to pay. Tho colonial affairs oi Portugal scorn to be inabad way, forin addition to tbe troubles at Mozambique there is some thing wrong at Timor, where one of lier Governors lias been murdered. News from that quarter, howover, is too scanty to admit of a correct appreciation of the state of affairs. Germany lias devoted 150,000 marks (£7500) for promoting scientific exploration in Central Africa. When the vote was before the Reich- slug Dr. Virchow complained that the money was 9peut for political rather than scientific purposes. There cau be no doubt that this is the case, and yet tho vole may be a very proper one. Statesmen who understand their business will always support scientific effort and regard tho money so spent as a good investment. 