Coe same]) iHornínjj förraft. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1887. -« Comparisons are odious, as everyone knows, but when they are misleading they are doubly odious. A comparison of the mis- leading sort has recently been made at the expense of New South Wales by a writer in the Melbourne Argus, who has endeavoured to show how much more successfully the railways of Victoria have been managed than the railways of this colony. We do not suppose for a moment that there was any intention on the part of the writer to mislead, but he has taken a narrow view of the situation, and has, therefore, done an injustice to the New South Wales railway system. Contrasting the returns of the two colonies for the year 1880, he speaks of the Victorian railways as a great BUCCOS9, and of the New South Wales railways as a dismal failure. The comparison, as pointed out by a correspondent, whose communication we published yesterday, is not a fair one. It is impossible to judge two railway systems by one year's working, and the year 1880 is a peculiarly unfair one to base calculations upon, for it was a very bad year for New South Wales, and a very good year for Victoria. If it is proper to compare at all, the comparison should be made not upon the results of one year, but upon the results of a series of years. The Argus writer took the year 1886 only, and placed New South Wales in a very bad position as compared with Victoria by showing that while we have spent almost as much money upon our railways as our neighbours have done, our net earnings for the year fall short of the Victorian net earnings by nearly £300,000, while the return on the capital invested is only 2-90 per cent, in the case of New South Wales, as against 3-92 per cent, in the case of Victoria. This places us in a very unfavourable position as compared with Victoria, but if we take into account the returns for, the last ten years instead of the returns for a single year, a very different state of things is disclosed. Our correspondent has compiled a table extending over a period of ten years, beginning with 1877 and ending with 1887, from which it is seen that the net earnings of New South Wales for the decade were larger proportionately than the Victorian earnings, while the return upon the invested capital in £3 18s. 8d. per cent. for New South Wales, and only £3 14s. 11d. for Victoria. During most of the years of the decade the New South Wales returns were better than the Victorian-as our correspondent shows the New South Wales lines were paying over 4 per cent, when the Victorian lines were saddling the State with a deficit-and it was then the fashion for the Melbourne papers to point to the results obtained in this colony as evidence that we managed our railways better than they did in Victoria. Our traffic for the last year or two has not been so profitable as that of Victoria, and it is argued therefore that our system, judged by the Victorian standard, is a failure. This is a partial and misleading view. Institutions, j whatever they may be, are not to be judged by one year's results, but by results generally. But there are other considerations which make comparisons on fair terms between the railways of New South Wales and the railways of Victoria impossible. Our circumstances, both physical and economical, are entirely different from those of our neighbours. Victoria has a small territory, while we possess a large one her population is concentrated, while ours is scattered ; she has built most of her lines through easy country, while we have encountered engineering difficulties of a serious kind, which have added greatly to the cost of the lines. It must be admitted that there has been a very rapid falling off in the productiveness of our lines during the last few years, but our Melbourne critics are looking for the cause in the wrong direction. The Argus says that " the occasion of the disaster is the effort now being made in New South Wales to tap the trade of Central Australia, and divert its drift from the Southern ports, Adelaide, and Melbourne, to Port Jackson on the Eastern coast." The " disaster," that is to say the loss of profit on our railways, has not been produced by this cause, but by several other causes. One is the season of almost unexampled depression through which the colony has passed, and the other is the construction of political lines, which have been built to please certain districts and certain representatives, without paying sufficient regard to the prospect of making them pay. Some of these lines have been a heavy charge upon the revenue, eating up the profits of other lines, and bringing down the average earnings. Victoria has had its share of political lines no doubt, but it has not suffered in this way as we have done. Some of its political lines have turned out well, and the North-eastern line, which was denounced as a waste of money, confounded the prophets by proving to be the best paying of all. We have had no such luck with our political lines, which have done as much as anything else to bring down the average earnings. The statement that our railways do not pay because we have constructed lines to tap the trade of Central Australia, which should I belong to Adelaide and Melbourne, is cer tainly not. correct. These lines «-.T* perhaps do not bring in " £3 ««»*. necessary to construct them so as to V? wool to Sydney. It must be confesses ?' wet seasons we are placed at a disaster because the wool then follows the . ^ which is the cheaper route. But I. nT' respondent points out, the rivers 755" that they are navigable, and there were no railways some of the 31, owners could only send their wool torS when the rivers were full, a state of S which does not frequently happen, fi wool lines may not pay at present, but S are a necessity of the situation 7 It is not fair to contend, because the Vi, torian railways are now paying better tW ours that the management of the View lines is better than the management 0! own It would be just as fair to say your train arrangements are better that traffic arrangements on the other side ! the Murray because we have had fe-! serious accidents on our lines to have been met with in Victoria. The concentration of the railways in the southern colony, and the complexity of the suburban. traffic, account 19 a large measure, no doubt for the frequency of serious J[ dents in the neighbourhood of Melbourne. It would be worse than boasting for us to say that we do not have accidents on our suburban lines like the accidents that have happened on the lines round about Melbourne, because we manage our railways better than our friends are able to do, and there is just as little reason in the Victorian boast that they manage things more cleverly over there, because they are getting better dividends out of their railway capital The circumstances of the two colonies with regard to railway construction, as with regard to many other matters, are so very different that criticism is apt to hit the wrong" mark, at When a distinguished official of a branch of the Christian Church makes such' " statements as did Cardinal Moran on Sunday last, it is worth while speculating as to how far his opinions may be shared by his co. religionists and the adherents of his communion. For the peace of the community and for the spirit of goodwill and tolerance it is to be hoped that those who agree with him are not many. Among ecclesiastics in his Church, no doubt, his words would find ready response, but they would scarcely find assent among the intelligent laity who subscribe to the tenets of the Roman Catholic faith. Cardinal MORAN, in his outlook upon the condition of that portion of the Church which does not acknowledge the Papal supremacy and the doctrines which are based upon it, has discovered that the chief aspiration of the " Protestant sects " is to unite ; that the religious opinions of these bodies does not bind them to any particular form of belief; that this attempt at union would not be one of strength and vitality, but simply " a combination which meant ruin and desolation and that these aims and aspirations and similar to those of the Nihilists. We suspect the CARDINAL scarcely understood how sweeping and cold- blooded these statements were until he saw them, as we presume he did, in the hard black-and-white of printer's type. We are also quite sure that good people of every denomination outside of the Papal pale will have read his words yesterday morning with a somewhat startled feeling. Here have the Anglicans, the Presbyterians, the Wesleyans, the Congrega- tionalists", and other devoted folk been adhering with much tenacity, and with sometimes more vigour and less of forbearance than the CARDINAL'S opinion of their " indifferentism " would warrant, to the definitions of their beliefs, only to be told now that they have no beliefs at all. This must be very disheartening for those who have been walking all their lives within the lines of creed' and doctrine that are the broad basis of the different denominations which have not considered it part of their heritage of their duty to seek for their salvation through the communion of the Western Church. It must indeed be somewhat discouraging to the CARDINAL himself to think how with but " fragmentary principles of Christianity" the " various communions " should have existed as they have done, and increased in moral power and spiritual influence as they grew u numerical membership. Or does Hk EMI- NENCE believe that all this is but evil disguised in a great moral garment, and that it has grown because evil must grow till it time be accomplished? But we fear that the CARDINAL must be commiserated upon a blurred vision, or challenged for an unhappy ignorance. That a educated and prominent prelate should declare in the face of a by no means stupid uncultured world that the Christian bodies with which he has no part or sympathy have cast aside the laws and teachings of CHRIST, and placing no stress upon belief, have turned to a religion Nihilism, is almost too extraordinary for common credence. Even cardinals? sometimes speak in the language of pa- bles, and lose themselves in the interests of words, and we would fain believe it M been so in this case; but the evidence does lie that way. There was plain premeditation in the statements. Many will be incline I ask the CARDINAL if he has forgotten, when speaking of beliefs, the Thirty-nine' Articles to which every clergy of the Church of England subset. * and of the Apostles', the Nicene, and the Athanasian creeds which are par J the service of the mine Church. And as his EMINENCE has not forgotten than, M would surely be quite willing to admit so unless they were read away, there we, d found not " fragmentary principles of basis of the very elements of belief to of, the Church of Home gives it as " not improbable also that the West minster Confession of Faith of the ReAgJ Church has fallen under the in te L scrutiny of Cardinal MORAN. He cjg would not complain of the lack of eggs in belief in that confession, even though I could not agree to its dearness a within the last few years that a r terian minister in Melbourne was eggs 2 withdraw from his denomination ocean is uncertain ideas upon the enemy within the past few months sales cleric withdrew from the same Pass tery because he was suspecd of orthodoxy. The Wesleyans waste not been hazy in the definite«io*th«^ The Apostles' Creed covers Vessels their faith. and discipline, and «">_ elasticity of professions "there is w Pte CARDINAL to look to his own hearthstone. But the Congregational body, the proceedings of which, of late, have evidently given the keynote to the address of his EMINENCE, what of them ? Their Model Deed, or basis of union, provides, among other things, for a belief in the existence of GOD the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, the Fall of loan, the Incarnation, the influence of the Holy Spirit, the Divine inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, the Immortality of the Soul, the Resurrection of the Dead, and the Final Judgment with its eternal consequences. Facing these things, how is it possible for any one, great or small, to declare that the Protestant sects are but waifs and strays among the breakers P To plead that the denominations do not live up to their defined beliefs is no argument. There are variations, and most serious ones, too, in that close religious corporation the Roman Catholic Church. But, when all is said, has not the CARDINAL been giving play to his imagination ? Has he not been hunting hares and found a camel ? What secret information has His EMINENCE gained that he is able to announce that the chief aspiration of the several bodies is to unite? Certainly no such knowledge could have been acquired from the reports of the proceedings of the Synods, the Assemblies, and the Congregational Union that have been held since his arrival here. Was the one taken from the deliberations of the Diocesan Synod of the Anglican Church, where most of the time was spent in discuss- ing what was considered a Papal innovation in the Cathedral? It has not been patent to the public, or to the Press who watch the doings of the public, that there has been any serious move toward or advocacy of the union of the different denominations. The desirability of union may have been mentioned in the addresses at church assemblies, but it has never been considered of such vast necessity as to warrant a belief that its accomplish- ment was imminent. The various religious bodies are doing their work in their own way, and the differences between them are largely upon matters of Church polity and upon minor doctrinal points. But the CARDINAL'S remarks show most con- spicuously how little one half of the world knows how the other half lives or thinks. We are told very often by those who do not know any better that the Roman Catholics dethrone GOD and exalt the VIRGIN MARY, that Saints answer their prayers, and that they worship images. Well, intelligent people do not believe this any more than the CARDINAL does, and from that basis of intelligence we desire also to look upon him as a sensible man as well as a cultured ecclesiastic. However, if last Sunday's utterances are repeated, we do not see how this is possible. It is not apleasantsightto witness great divines showing a spirit of injustice or intolerance. Tile Church has enough to do to work against the tide of actual evil, without tapping the nurses to find more impurity. aggressiveness is good in a. good cause, but aggressive intolerance raises more unhappy phantoms than the religious devotion behind it is ever able to exercise. The Nihilism of the Churches is but a bad dream of the CAR- DINAL'S, and we hope it will be followed by a seasonable awakening. By the courtesy of the Hon. J. INGLIS we are able to give in another column some interesting information respecting his experimental shipment of fruit to the Indian market. The consignment consisted of 189 cases of oranges and 10 cases of lemons, each case containing about ten and a-half dozen. Unfortunately the S.S. Clitus, by which the fruit was shipped, made -rather a slow passage, and the unloading was further delayed for the discharge of a cargo of horses at Garden Reach. As it was, the best market was nearly over when the fruit actually reached the Custom House at Calcutta, on October 14. For all that, the agents, seem to have gone to work in the most approved business fashion and certainly their account sales may be regarded as most encouraging. Whilst placing the bulk of the shipment with a firm of auctioneers for sale, they took care to distribute specimens of the fruit to influential natives and other likely buyers, a species of advertisement which continued to bring up intending buyers after the fruit had been all disposed of. The results are seventy percent, of sound fruit sold at a shilling per dozen and when it is remembered that the quality of the fruit was not first class the price must be considered most satisfactory. Strange to say, the lemons, although reported to be fine and juicy, did not take at all. In the letters and Press notices received by Mr. INGLIS from his agents there are many valuable suggestions for future experiments. Amongst other things exporters are advised to shorten the time of transit as much as possible, to aim at landing the fruit during the months of August, September, and October, when supplies are scarcest in India, and to give the preference to open crates over close packing-cases. We, congratulate Mr. INGLIS on the results of his very praiseworthy experiment. The fruit-producing powers of this country are practically unlimited. With our varieties of soils and of climate we ought to be able to grow almost every fruit under the sun. The difficulty heretofore has been to find a market. As a matter of fact, the absence of a paying export market has tended to make our producers unduly disparage the possibilities of local demand. It would be a most healthful thing for the people of this country to consume double or treble the quantity of fruit that has been produced here. Noiy that prospects of foreign markets are opening up, we may hope that our growers will be stimulated to show the best they can do, and, if so, the home market will share the benefits. It appears, after all, that the immediate object of STANLEY'S expedition for the relief of over PASHA is to be thwarted. In letters to a gentleman resident in Edinburgh, of which extracts are published in the London Times, EMIN PASHA emphatically announces his intention of remaining where he is. When the energetic explorer who has charge of the relief expedition arrives at the end of his journey, he will find that he has undertaken it in vain. EMIN PASHA holds the position he received from tïOKeN twelve years ago as a sacred trust, and, following the example of Ids illustrious chief, is prepared to make any measure of sacrifice for the amelioration of the condition of the unfortunate people among whom his lot is cast. Judging from his letters, he has strong hopes of their eventual moral and political regeneration, in any case, his resolve appears to be inexorably taken to persist in the work he is engaged in. Under no circumstances will be return with VM."?' So far'' then the journey of the latter will be fruitless and all the money, energy, and, it may be, life, lavished upon the expedition will be wasted as far as the relief of EMIN PASHA IS concerned. There is, however, a compensa- tion which some may consider adequate in the value accruing to science from the opening up of an unknown portion of the always interesting Atacan continent. It does not appear that all the efforts which have been made to open up the interior of Africa to the influences of civilisation have produced in the way of results anything more important as their contributions to various departments of science. The climate is one great bar to the efforts of the European, and next to this is the uncompromising savagery of the native races. These have been found up to this the two great barriers to the progress of civilisation in Africa. Taking into consideration the difficulty of coping with these obstacles, and the poverty of the returns which have been obtained in the process of " opening up " Africa, it may well be doubted whether the expenditure of life and wealth in the endeavour is in any way justified. Africa has within the last half-century been the theatre of the most heroic exertions which that space of time has witnessed throughout the world. Priceless lives have been spent in the cause of its progress, and the heroism of STANLEY, and the self-sacrificing devotion of EMIN PASHA, to-day show that it still possesses mysterious attractiveness for men of heroic mould. 