ANOTHER instalment of the Budget de bate may be likened to a chapter of a serial story. The various actors move and speak as the reader has all along foreseen they would. The plot illus trates no high purpose, and serves no ■intelligible practical end, while the de tails are for the most part devoid of special interest and originality. The proceedings on Wednesday had, here and there, some points of interest. Whatever proper representations or arguments, however, might have done at an earlier stage towards inducing the Government to include the woollen mills in their scheme of political relief, •we fear that by this time the Cabinet are sufficiently alarmed at the deluge of hostile argument they have let loose UDOii the TTnnKA tr> — £ to open the gate any further. Mr Anderson, of Creswick, proved clearly enough that the country saw-millers will not benefit by the new timber duties, and that what they most wanted was protection against Ameri can and Baltic softwood and Tasmanian hardwood. Mr Anderson put the case of the country timber trade very forciby, but; for the reason we have given, we fear without avail. Mr Walker’s able and trenchant speech was in some degree a defence of the Cabinet proposals, but in a much greater extent an exposition of the. essential conditions of Australian re ciprocity, and for this we thank him, not that an Australian Zoll verein is at present to be hoped for, but because it is in its essence so reason able and wise a thing, that fair dis cussion of its preliminaries must always do good. In these days a novelty is not sufficiently recommended by the fact that it is right and true. There must be constant exhibition of the right and the truth before a community will go out of its way to adopt and practise it. At present colonial reciprocity seems indeed far away, Mr Wood’s resolution in favor”of it notwithstanding. In the abstract most people agree that it .could be brought into operation to the serious detriment of no interest, and to the lasting advantage of all. But no sooner is a practical scheme submitted or proposed, than some industry, or section of an indus try, rises like Banquo’s ghost, with menacing aspect, and effectually bars progress. The abortive attempt to settle the terms of a tiny little Zol verin between Tasmania and Victoria is an all-sufficient instance. If we cannot smooth away the objections to free trade between ourselves and a colony which is closely associated with our own, and which will without doubt be eventually united to Vic toria, how can we hope to do under large and complex con ditions that which we could not Tlo in small and simple ones 1 It is peculiarly significant of the weak ness of our political machinery that a handful of representatives of one or two comparatively small industries are able to veto a widely approved modifi cation of our national policy. Assent to the principle of federation is readily given, and that assent necessarily in cludes a certain promise of national concessions; but when the thing is carried any further, as Mr Deakin very ably pointed out, the theoretical self- abnegation is ousted by a clamor ous demand for the last iota of actual or assumed rights. Mr Walker is inclined to ascribe the depression in the timber trade simply to the severe winter weather, and he holds that the decline of the woollen manufactures is due to the 5 per cent, duty imposed upon them by New South Wales, but we are inclined to regard both these as contributing causes only. If softwoods are practically cheaper than hardwoods, our loca sawmills will languish in any weather, but it is somewhat humiliating to Vic torian manufacturers that a 5 per cent, duty in the tariff of a sister colony can of itself reduce an important local in dustry to the verge of insolvency. That •file protective duty of New South Wales has had a depressing effect is a matter of course. Said Mr Walker— “ The moral of it was that whenever the other colonies put on protective duties, as he was perfectly certain they would do soon, the effect would he that unless we had some kind of intercolo nial reciprocity the colonies would generally shut themselves up within their own walls and starve each other. Up to the present time Victoria had had this advantage. She had been the one protected colony in the midst of a group who threw their markets open to her—(cheers) —and the result had been that the surplus stock which gathered about every manufactory had to be got rid of. We had been able to send it across the borders and get rid of it in the other colonies.” The truth and the importance of this statement are alike undeniable, and, as the Com missioner of Customs went on to argue, it ought to make us doubly careful to avoid doing anything which might encourage the com ing of that ruinous fiscal isolation. Already, in Mr Walker’s opinion, the evils of over-production are visible to a very serious degree. “No sooner,” said he, “ is there an opening for one paying industry than half a dozen rush to occupy it, and the inevitable result is over-production, over-competition, and a gradual decline of the over-sup plied industry.” This has been the case while our neighbors placed no fiscal embargo upon our produce. Now they threaten to protect their own industries to an extent which will virtually shut ours' up within our own narrow borders. And, in that case, where is the outlet for the industries of which we arc so proud, and what would become of our national prosperity and our comparative prece dence 1 If Victoria can at present do little or nothing to hasten the advent of an Australian Zoilverein, she at least ought to be prudent enough to abstain from placing additional barriers in its way. To pretend that any indi vidual industry must be regarded before a scheme of reciprocity upon which our national welfare may soon depend, is merely declaring that the lesser may and ought to include the greater. Administrators of the present day must needs recognise the fact that the poor are always with them. Even in this land of plenty the bleak winter season always brings a cry of distress from those who would not or could not lay up provision beforehand, and whose usual occupations fail them. And this state of things being almost as in evitable as the seasons themselves, it might be well if the Government pro vided for it. A well-considered scheme of creating a reserve of useful work at stonebreaking, road making, land clearing or the like, could be resorted to at any time, and, while relieving the wants of the deserving poor, of whom there are doubtless very many, would also produce a reasonable equivalent to the State. Hastily arrayed relief work does not always do this, but is too often similar as to its practical value to the offending soldiers’ fatigue drill. Such a provision would also place a very salutary check upon the vagaries of the professionally unemployed. If labor was obtainable under well under stood conditions and terms the agitator’s occupation would be gone, and our streets relieved of many mischievous demagogues, who are now tolerated simply because they may-now and then chance to represent real distress. If State work'were obtainable the police might well be instructed to arrest these truculent stump orators as rogues and vagabonds. Such men as intro duced their tale of woe to Mr Nimjio on Wednesday last, and who boasted that they would not disgrace themselves by breaking stones, deserve no consideration. It is quite time that the unemployed of the street agitator type were plainly told that, even assuming the Govern ment recognised the responsibility of providing them with occupation in emergency, yet that the kind or locality of the work will in all cases be what that Government chooses. A tradesman who won’t break stones at a pinch because he is a tradesman is nothing better than a mechanical la-de-dah, and would be the better if some of the nonsense were taken out'of him. What hope is there of bringing about a general recognition of the dignity of labor so long as the man who usually handles a trowel or a plane, inwardly despises his brother who works with a shovel or a stone hammer 1 Mr Speight, chairman of the Railway Commissioners, arrived in Ballarat last night, on his periodical inspection of lines in this part of-the colony, lie was accompanied by Mr John Anderson, general traffic mana ger; Mr Watson, enginecr-iu chief; Mr Lunt, engineer of.existing lines; and Mr Syme, one of the inspectors. Yesterday these gentlemen inspected the Lancefield, Lance field Junction, and Maldon lines. They will leave Ballarat by special train at 7.40 this morning, in order to inspect the St. Arnauhl, Donald, and Avoca lines. They will return to ,Ballarat to-night, and leave for Melbourne to-morrow morning. The Public Service Commissioners arrived in Ballarat last night, and this morning, at 9 o’clock, they will sit as a hoard of enquiry at the Ballarat East Police Court. A sudden death under somewhat peculiar circumstances occurred in Ballarat East yes- terday, the deceased being an old resident of the town named Henry Coward, black- smith, carrying on business in Wills street. He partook of breakfast at about 7 o’clock and proceeded from his residence in Victoria street to the shop. About 8 o’clock his son- in-law, Mr Kenny, happened to pass, and found Mr Coward vomiting and in a fainting condition. He at once procured a cab and conveyed deceased home, where he expired shortly afterwards. Dr Salmon, who had been summoned, said it was his opinion that the cause of death was heart disease and old age. A magisterial enquiry is to be held. Mr Coward was 74 years of age. In connection with the complaint made by Mr W. Scott, J.P., at the Town Court on Tuesday, it is stated by the law authorities that the office of the clerk of petty sessions in the Town is classified iu the fifth class, and is therefore controllable by T a junior officer. But the office is, we are in formed, still under the supervision of the clerk of courts iu the city, who visits Ballarat East twice daily, and is always available when required. When Mr J. A. Mulligan was stationed iu the Town the office of the local clerk of petty sessions was ranked third class, but on Mr Mulligan leav ing in ISS4 the Public Service Commis sioners reduced its classification. With reference to the arrest of the prisoner Ross, it is stated that it would be illegal to con vey an offender apprehended in the city to the Ballarat East lockup, and it would like wise be illegal to transfer him from Ballarat West to Ballarat East without first having been formally remanded by the city bench. A communication has been received by the registrar of the School of Mines froiii a resi dent of 'Adelaide, requesting to be furnished with particulars concerning the conditions attached to the competition for the prize offered by Mr R. M. Serjeant for improved methods of extracting gold from the matrix. The writer intimates that he desires to forward the information to friends in ; Eng' land and America. Mr Berry* the registrar, has forwarded three copies of the condi tions. The Ercildoune Stakes and Ladies’ Brace let meeting of the Ballarat Coursing Club was held yesterday at the Ercildoune plump ton. The hares were strong* and a good day’s sport was provided. The whole of the courses were run during-the day. In the .Ercildoune Stake the first prize, which in cludes the vice-president’s plate, was won by Mr \Y. Bailey’s Ballarat Jewel, Messrs Kenyon and Robinson’s Titwillow, a Mel bourne dog, being the runner-up. The Ladies’ Bracelet Stake was won by Miss Quinlivau’s nomination, Quickwit, Miss Kelly’s nomination, Kilrush, being the runner-up. A report of the coursiug will be found in another column. The correspondence per s.s. Orient reached the Ballarat I J ost Office at 0.30 a.m. yester day. We are informed that after much con sideration as to the advisability of appoint ing a diocesan architect, the bishop in coun cil of the Ballarat diocese decided on Friday last to appoint one ou the lines of a similar appointment in the diocese of Melbourne. The post was offered to Messrs Tappin, Gilbert, and Denuehy, and it has been ac cepted by that firm. The municipal workmen are at present engaged in cutting down a number of blue gums and other trees that have died in the streets. In most cases it is intended to plant oaks in the places formerly occupied by the eucalypti. Two marriages in fashionable circles are appointed to take place next week in Bal larat. The first will be that of Mr H. ■ Morey, son of the well-known genial and successful mining speculator, to Miss L. Claxton, daughter of one of our oldest and most experienced City councillors. This will take place on Thursday. On the fol ' lowing day Mr Shiels, manager of the City of Melbourne Bauk, will lead to the altar Miss Crabbe, sister of the well-known stock am} station agent. Both weddings will take place in Christ Church. The now famous picture “Breaking the 1 news,” from the brush of Mr Longstaff, • which gained for the artist a gold medal and a travelling scholarship, is attracting a con j siderablc amount of attention in Ballarat. Scores of people visit the Art Gallery daily to see this latest addition to the collection on > view there. The general verdict is ex ; tremely favorable to the artist, both on ac count of the undoubted genius it displays ’ and also because of the correctness of all 1 the details pertaining to a miner’s home and > costume. The monthly concert of the 3rd Battalion . band will take place this evening in the Orderly-room. There will also be a “book reception” in connection with the privates’ I club, so that residents desirous of donating ' books or other reading matter will have an opportunity of assisting in the establishment of a library at the Orderly-room. The secretary of the Gilchrist Educational Trust reports through the Governor that by , the pass list of the University of London for the matriculation examination, held in the colonies in January last, the successful candi date for the Australian and Tasmanian Gil i christ Scholarship is Mr John Sutherland, of Melbourne, who is placed above the first in the original honors list, and for the New Zealand Scholarship, Mr Charles George 1 Spencer, of Napier. The two scholarships are, therefore, awarded to those two oandi , dates respectively. It is requested that the scholars bring certificates of identity from the authorities. At the Sebastopol Police Court yester day, before Mayor Mathes and Mr Dickin son, J’s.P., the adjourned case of Wm. Hunter, for neglecting to contribute to the support of his child at the Industrial school, was remanded for a fortnight. At the City Police Court this morning, Mr H. Yorke Rattray, inspector of liquor, has a 1 case set down for hearing against Richard Tuekwell, licensee of the Corn Exchange i Hotel, Webster street, Ballarat. The de fendant is charged with placing and exposing 1 for sale brandy other than Hennessy’s in bottles bearing Heunessy’s trade mark. David Smith, 25 years of age, accidentally shot himself at Oak Hill, near Queenscliff, on Wednesday evening. The deceased was on a duck shooting excursion. He leaves a widow, but no children. A most acceptable donation, in the shape of 100 ornamental trees, has been made by 1 Mr Geo. Smith to the trustees of the Miners’ Turf Club, for planting on the racccourso reserve. Mr Smith will meet the stewards : to-day to arrauge for the planting of the At a meeting of the Mayoral Return Ball Committee on Wednesday night, at Craig’s \- hotel (Mr Bcehcrvaise in the chair), it was re ported that there would be a good surplus. This, it was decided, should" be expended in procuring something for presentation to the mayoress. Constable Tooher, of the Victoria street police, found himself in a somewhat pecu liar fix early yesterday morning. He had arrested a toper who was incapable of walk ing, and, as the pair were some distance from the police station and it was too late to procure a cab, the question arose of how to convey the inebriate to his night’s free lodgings. While the constable was cudgel ling bis brains to solve the knotty question, a lad bore in sight, drawing a small box set on wheels. The boy was stopped, and, an arrangement having been arrived at, the elated individual was bundled into the furni ture conveyance, and hurried off to one of the cells in the Town lockup. This eclipses the Melbourne saveloy' machine episode. The depth of water in the reservoirs ou 4th .August, ISSfi, were as follows : —Beale’s reservoir, 7 feet; Pinoott’a, 13 feet S inches; Kirk’s, 30 feet 6 inches; Gong Gong, 56 feet. On 3rd inst. Beale’s was “full and overflow ing;” Pincott’s do; Kirk’s contained 32 feet 6 inches, and Gong Gong 60 feet 3 inches. The rainfall for the week was I.OS inches at Kirk’s reservoir, and at Beale’s 1.22 inches. There was a large attendance last night at the Ballarat Social Skating Rink to witness the ladies’ race. The contest, which proved very' exciting, was for trophies presented by Mr C. E. Jones, M.L.A. Miss E. Major won the first prize (a lady’s companion), Miss'L. Johnson cat ried off the secoud prize (plush bag), and Miss Ferguson secured the third prize (fancy bag). The Ballarat Yacht Club promises to have another successful season during the ap proaching summer. The annual meeting of the club will take place some time next month, when a start will be made. Mr J. P. M’Pherson has guaranteed a good prize for a sailing event at the annual regatta, to be open to the colonies, and other good prizes and trophies will be sailed for during the season. Mr M’Pherson, we under stand, intends adding a first-class yacht to tire trim little fleet already on the lake. Mr H. A. King, C.E., the recently- ap pointed lecturer in applied mechanics and mechanical drawing at the School of Mines, commenced his duties last Tuesday evening. The class has been accustomed to meet ou Tuesday and Friday evenings, but as Mr King cannot attend on Fridays it has been arranged that the senior students should attend for lectures ou Thursday evenings, the less advanced-pupils meeting on Friday as heretofore for instruction by Mr H. J. Hall, the assistant lecturer. Last night Mr King gave his first lecture to a class of about 40\. The lecture was a very long one, ex tending over an hour and a half, but the at tention of the students -was unflagging throughout. The last of the five addresses by Mr Miller, evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church, will be delivered at the Mechanics’ Institute to-night. The subject will be the sealing of the 144,000 spoken of iu Reve lation. The Ballarat Drum and Fife Band have kindly volunteered their services to play on the Oval on the occasion of the football match, South Ballarat v Ballarat! A gold open-faced English lever watch, with a silver chain of twisted rope pattern, and silver key attached, was stolen from the bedroom of Henry Haigh, at the Miners’ Support hotel, Ballarat, recently. The police are making enquiries concerning it. Several new improvements in the way of decorating windows have been introduced to Ballarat by Mr S. Flohm, of Bridge street, a specimen of which may be seen at the Waverley hotel, Sturt, street. This de sign, including the writing, shows gold letters with graduated shades of color in tho daytime, while at night it- displays silver with beautiful tints of color equal to those observable in real stained glass. Mr T. J. Lamble, the wall-known teacher of singing, was at the commencement of the week suffering so severely from rheumatisiii in the shoulder that he was unable to attend to hi* duties for a day or two. It’ was at first feared that the- performance of the “Lily Bill” contata would have to ho post posed, owing to Mr' Lambic’s inability to wield the baton. We are pleased to say, however, that: he has completely recovered from liis indisposition, and that the cantata will he produced as announced. For the forthcoming season of English opera by the Harding-Plaisted Company, Mr MacMahon has appointed Mr Wellesley A. Parker to conduct the ssbscription in Ballarat. The tickets will be issued to-day, and may be procured of Mr Parker. Sub scribers of oue guinea will be entitled to six admissions to any of the operas, the tickets being transferable and available for any night or nights dnriug the season. We observe by the Police Gazelle that- Mr Phil. Robinson, the war correspon dent of the London Daily lelcgrapli, lias lost the'gold that was given to him at the Midas mine recently. It, with £ls or £l6 in coin and notes, as well as a number of valuables, Was stolen from bis bedroom at Scott’s hotel, Melbourne, either on Sunday or Monday last. A young man named Gwen Roach, residing in Victoria street, inflicted a severe wound in his foot yesterday through an axe slipping. He was admitted to the Hospital. The meet of the Hunt Club to-day will be at Mr Robert Scott’s, at Mount Buninyong.- The throw off will take place at 2.30 p.m. The committee of the Tom Moore statue fund announce that they would feel .obliged for the loan for a few days of any good por traits of the poet Moore. The portraits 'may be forwarded to Mr Biokett’s office, Public Buildings, Lydiard street. As the weather - prophets predicted the ex tremely cold weather of the past week lias heralded in snow in various portions of the country surrounding Ballarat. Yesterday morning Mount Buninyong was covered with snow, aud so was Mouut Warrenheip. Clarke’s Hill, too, had a mantle of white. In Ballarat yesterday morning very little snow was observed. Last night the weather was bitterly cold. Seven “ new chum ” Mongolians arrived in Ballarat by the afternoon train from Mel bourne. On arrival at the Western station they were met by Cliing Moon, who escorted them to Ballarat East. As the Celestials matched through the streets in Indian file, each carrying baskets heavily laden with luggage, there was speculation as to the re ception they would receive at the camps iu Ballarat East. The men arrived by a late steamer from Hong Kong. Messrs Brokensbire and Coltman yester day disposed of a five-roomed house and block of land at the corner of Barkiy aud Princess streets, for £l5B, the purchaser being Mrs Konemanc. Bridgestrcet tradesmen are still complain" ing of the rat nuisance. Yesterday, Messrs Scott and M'Callum entrapped the 35th rat, and the captures in other local business places are numerous. At the Linton Police Court yesterday, be fore Mr Thomson, P.M., Hugh M'lntosli proceeded against Pat Maloney, John Ma loney, and James Maloney for rescuing sheep at Old Lucky Woman’s on the 12th July. The sheep had been seized by the com plainant for the purpose of being impounded. P. Maloney was fined £2, with £2 2s costs, ami John and James Maloney were each fined £l, with £2 2s costs; iu default of dis tress l-I days’ imprisonment. Mr Gaunt appeared for the complainant, and Mr llumpage for the defendants. Our Bulwarra correspondent, writing yes terday, says:—“ During the past two months the weather has been exceptionally wet and miserable, retarding sowing operations very much, and there is not much sign of it clear ing up, as now, at time of writing, it is snowing, hailing, aud raining at intervals. — The potato harvest is just over; result, a very poor crop. —Diphtheria has made its unwelcome appearance unpleasantly close.” Our Smythesalc correspondent writes:— “ The reply given by the Postmaster-General to Mr D. M. Davies, M.L.A., in the Assem bly uuent the alteration in the delivery of the mails at Ross’ Creek and Sinythesdule, is so unsatisfactory as to demand further notice. During the time the mail contract was in the bauds of Mr Evans, of Ross’ Creek, both letters and papers were delivered regularly three times a week, but under the existing contract all letters, &c.;, from Smythesdale to Ross’ Creek must travel first to Ballarat, and then to Buninyong before reaching their destination, causing a vexa tious delay of about 12 hours additional before delivery. It is to be hoped that the members for the district will take steps to have such an anomalous state of things re u<-i«.v." • A meeting of the Melbourne Wesleyan Conference Temperance and Public Morality Committee was held in Wesley Church on Wednesday, when the following resolutions were passed:—“ That this committee, having examined the bill to amend the law relating to neglected children, now before the As sembly, expresses its approval generally of the measure, but would urge that in the clauses bearing upon the punishment of offences committed on female wards of the department the protected age should, for physiological reasons be uuiformally fixed at IS years, instead of IS ami 16 for the two classes of offences described. That the com mittee, while in accord with the provisions of the bill to amend the law relating to juvenile offenders now under discussion in the House, believes that the bill might be improved, and the cause of public morality further served, by the introduction of a clause legalising birching under proper regu lations. That this committee earnestly hopes that the Government will, with as little delay as possible, bring in the promised bill for the protection of women and girls.” Iu his reply to the critics of the Govern ment tariff amendments, Mr Walker first doalt with the timber duties. The Govern ment, he said, were informed on the best authority that our sawmillers suffered most from competition with small-sized Oregon timber, and we have increased the duty on that timber. Tasmanian hardwood timber is already subject to a heavy duty, equal with the harbor dues, &c.;, to 50 per cent., and it is absurd to say that competition by that colony is what the Victorian millers fear. Wages cannot he much higher here than there, he said, else the men would soon come across. The Government acted on the best available information, but are prepared to listen to better. Then as to the sugar duties. Germany gives an export bounty duty on beet sugar of £3 3s Sd per ton, and France between £S and £9 per ton. The new duties will protect cane sugars against this unjust competition, aud have beeu so arranged that while local refiners will be placed in a better position, consumers will not have to pay more for their sugar. M r Waiker could promise nothing to the woollen mill owners. If they have suffered, the reason was to be found iu the 5 per cent, duties in Hew South Wales, which, while they were imposed, brought down our ex port of slops aud apparel made of Victorian cloth by one-half. In addition, the mills have overproduced. What is wauted is intercolonial reciprocity. The Minister of Customs lias made en quiries into the complaint' made by certain members of the Chamber of Maiuifactuies : that rolled iron girders were being imported into the colony as raw material, whereas the tariff imposes a duty on girders of 25 per cent. The statement lias been found to be correct. There is some doubt as to whether the goods do come under the der.ominatio’n of girders, but Mr Walker lias directed that the duty shall be charged upon them pend ing further enquiry. The magnificently illuminated address to the Queen from the two Houses of Parlia ment (says the Ary us) was on view on Wed nesday iu the Parliamentary Library. It was greatly admired by all who saw it. The President of the Council and Speaker of the Assembly will, in a few days, submit it to the Governor, and request him to transmit it to Her Majesty by the outgoing mail. A young man named Ernest Roff, a son of a fruiterer at Inglewood, was out shooting with a companion on Wednesday afternoon, when oue of the guns was discharged acci dentally, and the whole of the charge went through: the middle of Rolf’s thigh. He is now lying in a very critical condition. A seizure has beeu made by Inspector Roche, at the house of an Italian named Bartolioj living at Laanecporie, .of illicit spirits. ; When Mr Roche was making the seizure, Bartolio (says the correspondent of the Argus) assaulted him aud destroyed a number of the bottles of spirits. He was arrested ;aml brought before the Tarnagulla bench, and remanded for 10 days. The spirit seized is known as aqua vitar, and is supposed to be made in the district. An other seizure was made on Wednesday morning by the same officer at the store of Mr Herd, J.P., merchant, of Tarnagulla, several hundred pounds worth of liquor being found ou his premises. Herd was uu t* • _ .1 1 t I. 1? » _... • • for the district, and .is also a councillor of the borongh of Tarnagulla. Eleven other cases of illicit sale of liquor will come before Mr Carr, P.M., on the 11th inst., at Tarna gulla. It will be remembered that the corporation of Ballarat City forwarded through his Ex cellency the Governor an address to Her Majesty the Queen in-commemoration of the J übilec year of her reign. A fac simile of that address, which was truly excellent in design and elaborately finished, has been kept among the civic objects of interest. The original was entrusted to Mr Chuck, the photographer, to reproduce, which has been done in a manner reflecting credit on himself and staff. The beautiful production may be seen at the City HalL Mr Charles Dale, an old resident of Jamie son, who was apparently in good health on Wednesday, was suddenly taken ill, and he died a few hours afterwards. Dr Reynolds, who held an enquiry in the case, pronounced the cause of death to be blood-poisoning- At a meeting of the Shearers’ Union in Adelaide on Wednesday night it was unani mously resolved that the union should not accept less than £1 per 100 : sheep, with rations found. An Art;us cablegram states that Major F. Fanning has been appointed a director of the Union Bank of Australia, in the place of the late Mr William Fanning. The revenue of the Customs Department during the past month was £155,52(5 13s lid, as against £181,313 collected during the corresponding period of last year. Mr Anderson, of Creswick, was heard in Wednesday’s budget debate (says the Argus) as one having special knowledge of the re quirements of country sawmillers. They certaiuly would not be benefited by the pro posed new duties. There should be higher duties on Oregon and Baltic softwood than are now offered, and increased protection against Tasmanian hardwood. The Victorian Alliance celebrate their next anniversary on Monday and Tuesday, 22nd and 23rd inst. The annual meeting is to be held on the Monday evening in the Melbourne Town Hall, and the annual breakfast at the Coffee Palace, to be followed by a great convention at the Temperance Hall on Tuesday morning. An exciting football match (says the Sand hurst correspondent of the Telegraph) took place in the park on Wednesday between the Eaglehawk and Bendigo. The latter club won by four goals to one. The game was one of tilc roughest played here. No fewer than four of the Eaglehawk men were carried off the ground injured. During the third quarter Casey received concussion of the brain. Trevena and Smith met with minor injuries, incapacitating them from taking any further part in the game. Casey is is gradually improving under Dr M'Kee. The one lesson which the elder Weller sought to instil into the mind of his impres sionable son (says “ Atticus”) was “ Bevare o’ the Vidders.” Ordinary men may pos sibly meet ordinary women on something like equal terms, but a “ vidder,” according to Mr Weller, is not an ordinary woman. The position of members of the executive committee of the Bulli Relief Fund must be %n exceptionally difficult one, for they have to deal almost entirely with speci mens of the class against whom the hero of Dickens lifted his warning voice. At one time the story is that they have assented to the propositions of the committee 'as to the manner in which they are to be helped by means of the munificent sum which has been subscribed, and then we hear of a document being signed by them en masse protesting against the mode of distribution. Shortly after this one of the secretaries to the fund visits Bulli, and is surrounded by widows tearfully regretting that they ever signed such a document, and declaring that they did not know what it meant when they attached their names. Next thing, “ three Bulli widows” journey to Sydney to inter view the Trades and Labor Council, which has taken their cause in hand. What they insist upon is that they shall have their share of the money down in cash, or at least £IOO of it, and the balance as an an nuity. It is not often you see a gift horse inspected in the mouth in this vivacious manner. 