SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author of " Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," 4c. CHAPTER LI. AT CABN-BYA.IT TOWER. Janie's keen desire to visit the northern isles and bills, and Edinburgh, and Melrose, and " the dowie dens o' .Yarrow" had appa rently gone away from her mind [now; she seemed well content with this bit of western Wigtonshire; and, indeed, they found the neighbourhood exceedingly picturesque and interesting. Of course they insisted on Walter Lindsay accompanying them on all of their excursions; and the attendant who went with them, perched up on the box-seat beside the driver, speedily discovered that his office was a sinecure. It was "the tall young leddy" who had supplanted him; devoting herself entirely to Lindsay; and never weaned of telling him of all that was around them as they walked along. She did not need to lead him. Somehow he knew when she was closs by him. Her voice was a sufficient guide-perhaps an occasional touch of her dress, too. Naturally, when they were stepping into a boat, or passing under the archway of some old ruin, she gave her band, but ordinarily they merely walked side by Bide-her face turned toward his. They were thuB strolling along the shore one morning, Bhe stooping now and again to pick up a shell or a bit of crimson weed, but ever returning to her welcome task of describ ing the fair world around 'them; and Janie and her husband were following some little way behind. " If Walter had only his eyesight for ten minutes!" Janie said, wiBtfully. "If he could only see the expression of her face every time she turns to him. There fa one thing surely he must notice-that her voice changes whenever she speaks to him. What ever Bhe may be saying to UB-whatever non sense may be going on-the moment she speaks to him it is all gentleness; and you know how eoft and kind her voice is when she chooses. That is what I have Biid for years and years, ever since I have known her; the way to win Sabie's love is through her pity. Walter Lindsay used to be too well off; she never could be brought to care for him. So I suppose it is true that there may be a sonl of good in things evil. I dare say if Bhe had not come through that dreadful time of trouble, she wonld never have got to know what a true friend he iB; and £ am quite sure, if this misfortune hadn't befallen him, she wouldn't have the sympathy with him she has now. And very little trouble Bhe takes to hide it. If he could only see, for a second, how Bhe watches his face when Ehe's telling him anything-to gather whether he's interested; yep, and the quickness with which she is the first to get him his stiok and his bat when we are coming out, and the eagerness with which she listens to him-and her qnick approval-ah, well, I don't know what may come of it; but apparently Sabie is quite hBppv whenever she is with him." Thus said Janie in her incoherent way; her husband took a more practical view. " What ought to some of it is clear enough. To make of two broken lives one whole one is the sensible thing." " He iB too proud to ask her," Janie said, " Let her ask him." " She can't. Besides, he wonld refuse to accept such a sacrifice-that is, if he was likely to be permanently blind." " Now, look here," Baid Mr. Philip. " That is a subject which we can't speak of to Walter; but you and I may speak of it; and I aesnre yon that his determination to look at the worst side of the possibilities mnst have grown np when he was living here bv tymself, and giving way to depression ana eloom. Or he may think it right to school bimsely to face the worst that can happen. Very well; that may be reasonable enough; but you must remember that the chances are really the other way. No donbt, many ol the operations are unsuccessful; but the majority of them are successful: ana you know what the doctors b aid-that every* thing depended on the general health of the constitution. Well, look at Lindsay. He h&B; never had a touch of gout or rheumatism or anything of the kind all his Hfo long. X say the cbancea are all in Mb favour. Of course, the anxiety must be dreadful; ana 1 can understand a man, in a kind of nail despair, Baying to himself that he will rather look forward to the wont, so that he may not be wholly crushed if it should happen. " I wonder what Sabie thinks, Janie said, absently. "I am afraid to ask her. And 1 suppose, if he were to be permanently blind, it would be too great a sacrifice for her to make? I know, if the positions were, re versed, it would not be too great a sacrifice for him to make; he would sacrifice anything, everything for Sahie's sake. But you don t often meet with a devotion like that. He told me himself-but mind, you must not teU Sabie this-that when it first occurred to him there was something wrong with his eyes, be began to think there would be at least this compensation in being blind, that Sabie would always have the same beauty for him. that he would always think of her as he had first known her. There never has been any thing that he would not sacrifice, and wil lingly and gladly, for her sake. But I don t know about her.' " You don't know about her? her husband repeated, staring at her. "Well, 1 like that! Oh, of course, you want me to argue that she is bound to make the sacrifice? I am not going to say anything of the kind. But this is clear enough-that if the sucoess of that operation depends considerably on the general health of the patient, onr little trip here Eeems to have done Lindsay a world of good. He is in ever so much better spirits than when we came." " That is because Sabie is his constant com panion," was Janie's anBwer. " And I must say for her, that when she sets about making much of any one, she does it with a will. There is no mistaking it. I remember, in the old time, mother declaring she was a most horrible flirt because of the way she was 'going on1 with Waller at his own houseone night. But she wasn't 'going on. Tvhen she wants to be good to you, as the children say, she certainly can, and she doesn t care who sees it, either." " Well, then," said Mr. Philip, " it is clear we are not doing Lindsay much harm bv keeping him occupied and cheerful; and X have been thinking we might add on two or three days more to onr visit. We cant be in the wsy, ior fie has nothing to do; and the house is big; and the servants just as obliging and good-natured as they can be. Well, now, I was thinking of Monday next; shall we say Wednesday instead \ " If you will stay to the end of _ the week, Phil," Janie answered, " I will give up any one of the places I wanted to see-any one r°"The"end of the week? Well, we must first ask for an invitation, And then we 11 Bee what Sabina says." , , But Philip Drexel had himself already cut out one portion of their travelling programme -that referring to the Braes of Yarrow. He seemed to have lost interest in the grey and shadowy figure which, in his London dreams, he had pictured as on Yarrow's banks, with a world of mystic gloom around Pier. For even as the blood of an anaemic person is noshed by fresh air and sunlight and exercise, so Mr. Philip's imagination, under the constant stimulus of historical and legendary sceneB and associations -to say nothing of the brisker health begotten of rowing, and climbing, and moorland tramping - had warmed into colour. Among Lindsay s books he had discovered the ballad of Fair Annie ; and he had gradually put away from him the grey phantom of Yarrow's banks for this brighter, if still pensive figure-that of the forsaken mistress who is bidden to " lace her in green cleiding" and ' braid her yellow hair" that she may welcome home the bride: "Fair Annie stood in bet bower door. And lookit over the land; And there she saw her Bin guoe lord Leading bis bride by the band. She's dreat her sonB i' the scarlet red, Herself I'the dainty green ; And though her cheek looked pale ana W3n, She *eel might ha" been a queen." This was what he was busy with now; and eo the visit to Yarrow's haunted stream waB discarded, or at ieaBt postponed ; and there was so much the more time to add on to their lingering in the pleasant Kingdom of Galloway. " , When Philip aBked Lindsay to keep them on for another week, he wound up his not ineffectual prayer by saying .' And the beBt thing you can do at the end of the time is to come along with us. Moping down here won't do you any good. I Come with us for a run through Scotland, and then go back to London with UB." But Lindsay would not hear of it. .' I should be a continued drag on you, and you have plentv to do. Besides, X have grown familiar with this place ; I can get about a little even when Jamie isn't by. Of course I shall have to be in London for a brief time; we shall meet then. In the meanwhile, Phil, my lad, dont talk about your going, there's a_ good fellow. I don t want even to think of It-until it's over. If these days, then, were now numbered, at least they were halcyon days. The visitors had not committed the usual mistake of English folk in going to Scotland just at the very worst time of the the year for weather. Ana how quickly the time passed! In the morning, after breakfast, they aU went out side, for the mignonette was sweet m the soft June air; and ii Janie and Philip generally strolled off by themselves, Sabina bad found out for herself a warm bank at the southern edee of tbe lawn, where it was pleasant to sit. Thither she brought Lindsay's chair and the daily batch of newspapers; and she could make a Bbrewd guess as to what interested him mcst when she began to read-not the squabbling of Synods and Presbyteries, and not the sham objurgation of party politics, but rather the reports from the salmon rivers, and accounts of any new picture exhibition in London. Then the wagonette would come round to the door; the stragglers would be summoned to eet ready; and presently they would te Arriving away along the coast, or up and over the wild moorland country, until, at midday, they sought put some sheltered spot for opening the luncheon basket. The afternoon Mr. Philip usually devoted to .desperate attempts at acquiring tbe art of fly fiBhing from a boat on a email loch hard by. Sometimes the others accompanied him; and it was very little the two women knev of the imminent peril they were in from the erratic cast of flies, especially when there was a bit of a breeze on behind the fisherman. Lindsay, of eourte, could not eee; and the saturnine Jamie, sitting at the care, merely sniggered to iirrtclf and said nothing; but neverthe less Mr. Philip flogged sway with hie variegated cast of Zola, Blue Dan, and Coch-y-bonda; and if he sometimes caught tip in his own clothes or occasionally lodged the Cocb-y-bondu in the gunwale oi the boat behind him, tbeBe were but trifling mishaps and eventually his patience and resolution were on most occasions rewarded by the capture of a lew innocent small things attracted by the pasBage of the drop-fly across the surface. Then home to dinner;, after which there was smoking) and chatting, and mneic; sometimes on theBe warm-scented June nights they opened the French windows, and went abroad in the Btillness, for there was moonlight now; and it was strange to hear, in the silence, the occasional soft mewing of some distant seagull or the whistle of a oorlew down by< the shore. On the last night of all these nights Philip proposed that they should walk up to the old tower, to have a last look at the coast and the silvered sea. All this evening LindBay had been Bilent and preoccupied; Sabina had tried her best to cheer him, but without avail; no one had dared to speak of the departure on the morrow; and indeed the restraint on all of them was only too obvious. So this proposal was rather gladly accepted; and when they went out into the bnshed night Janie and her husband led the way, as was their wont, and Sabina followed with Lindsay, her hand just hovering near his arm. Itwasa beautiful night, and the farther they climbed the steep ascent the more they could see of the still, moonlit water, and the successive grey promontories running out away to the Bouth. There was not a sound; even the seabirds were silent now; and the whispering of the ripples along the shore was too faint to reach them here. And Sabina had ceased to try to entertain him; her own heart was not over light; perhaps she felt there was much to say that Bhe could not say. When they reached the tcwer-which was Sart of tbe ruins of a stronghold built by the Robert Lindsay who fell at Otterbourne they found that Philip and Jasie had gone inside and were trying to make their way np to the top. Sabina did not choose to follow them; she seated herself on one of the big stones lying all about; and Lindsay remained standing by her side-his fingers just touch ing her dress near the shoulder, that he should know she was there. For some little while there was silence j then she said (recurring to her duties for the last time)' "I don't think I ever saw the sea so still. And there is a small steamer right in the - way of tbe moonlight-jet black it is-it is so strange to see it slowly crossing that wide silver pathway. Where will it be going? ' Over to Ireland ?" He paid no heed to her question; it was not of the sea he was thinking, " So yon are really going away to-morrow ?" he said, in rather a low voice. " Yes," she answered simply, "and I have no heart in going." Then, with an effort, she gathered courage - to say what she wished to say. " You must not imagine that I go willingly. I think I have been of some little service to you. I think yon like me to be with yon. And I wonld like to stajr if I could. Yon did not forsake me-in my time of tronble. If I am going, I have no heart in going; believe - that." The hand that was so near touohed her; it was trembling a little. *' Sabina, you almost make me speak when I had determined to keep silent-and if I' could" And here he paused for a second. . " No, sot yet: not as I am now: I cannot. But perhaps hereafter-it majr be different; . I must wait-and then-if it is different-I will come to you." She could not fail to understand. "You do not trust me," she said, "Do you think that would make any difference to me!" He beat down a little; perhaps it was to listen for tbe least sound of her voice; it was habit be had got into since his eyeaipht had left him. "Sabina, if the worst were to happen would yon still have pity on me ?" For answer she took the hand that waa hovering over her shoulder, and held it in both of hers, and kissed it. "My best and deareBt friend," she said,, and there was even a touch of pride in her simple self-surrender, "I wish to be with you always; but, if that were to happen-then more than ever." CHAPTER LII. AT A FICICRB SHOw Walter LindBay neither let norgsold his town house and studio. On all sides he was - informed that the most skilful oonlists in the world were to be found in London; and when the time was drawing nigh for the operation for cataract to be performed, he repaired thither. Nor did Janie and Philip and Sabina leave him much chanoe of sink ing into a nervous apprehension and gloom. Nearly every evening they went round to hie - studio; for Sabina was staying with these good friends juBt then: and Lindsay and they were near neighbours. Sometimes Sabina took to him, or sent him, flowers. It - was a fair exchange, O dinna ye mind, lore Gregory, When we eate at the wine, How we changed the napkins true oar necki ? It's no s&e; ling slnsjne. In her time of trouble he had shown her a ? kindness that she treasured in her inmost heart; and now it was her turn, in a smaller but in no unwilling way, to pay him all kinds of little attentions and send him drily remembrances. They were not undervalued by the recipient of them. During the week of suspense that followed the operation, Janie waa terribly anxious; Sabina much less BO. Indeed, her apparent or schooled indifference not only surprised Janie, but pained her; and she ventured to remonstrate, " Even if the worst shonld happen," Sabina said, calmly, "I am quite prepared for it; it will not be so very dreadful." 41 Sabie!-have you no regard for his fame as a painter ?'* " 1 have a greater regard for his love," was the answer (these two being alone together at the time). "What do you mean, Sabie? Would yon rather have him always dependent on you is that what you mean ? It can'c be that yon imagine, if he were to recover his eyesight, he would care for you any the less, when you know quite well that never in all your life were you looking as pretty as yon are cow that can't be it ? "Janie, don't talk as if my interests should be thougnt of at all," Sabina answered. "Of course, if Walter gets back his sight that will be a joyful day for all of us. But if it isn't to be-well, we will do what we can to make his life pleasant for him; and I for one am . not going to be downcast, even at the worst." But she was hardly under such good con trol on tbe momentous day when the exami nation was to be made. She and Philip and Janie were al) in the bonse; the doctor was is the room upstairs. It had been hinted to - them that, as far as it was possible 'for medical skill to judge, there was every reason to believe that the operation would prove to have been successful; but notwithstanding that Janie was veiy visibly agitated, and Sabine, though holding herself in restraint, seemed to be listening intently as if for some footfall on the stair, and she started at the . smallest sound. Janie, indeed, oonld not keep stilL She went from one place to another. Not a word was spoken by any of them. At last she left the room, and crept noiselessly up the staircase, and hung about the landing. She could hear them speaking within; surely those voices were cheerful enough ? Suddenly the door was opened. " Good-bye for the present!" " You'll tell them, dootor?" "Oh, yes; they're waiting below-they won't have left, depend on it." Then he shut the door; and the next moment was confronted in the dusk by this poor, timorous, apprehensive, speechless ghost. " Oh, it's all right," said he. " Very satis factoiy indeed." Janie flew down the steps-how, she could never afterwards understand-and rushed into the room. "Sabie! Sabie 1" And then her arms were round her friend's neck, and she was kisBing her on one cheek, and the other cheek, again, and again, and again. It was all the message ehe could de liver-but it was understood between thoBe two. A long time after that-last June, indeed -it was announced that on a certain day there would be opened in Bond-street an Exhibition of water-colour drawings and sketches, chiefly of the River Shannpn; and on the previous Saturday there was a Private View, at which a large number of the artists' friends were assembled. It waB a goodly ? display, considering that most of the series bad been produced within eighteen months though some of the drawings were of an earlier date. It was one of these other ones that seemed to have caught the fancy of a noble and graciouB lady who would insist on Lind say going ronnd the rocm with her; and so profuse were her praises that, in order to get away from them, he said " Yes, I like that one myself-for it was just underneath those trees that I caught a 28-lb. salmon." " Really now!" said this good lady. " How very interesting ! Twenty-eight Dounds that must have been a large fish. What did you do with it?" " I sent it to Sabina Zembra. " Sabina Zembra J" she said, enquiringly. " Who iB that?" " Don't yon know? There she is-over in that corner-talking to the little old gentle man with the ear-trumpet," said Lindsay, looking towards a tall young woman in|a -dress of silver-grey plnsh, with a beefeater's hat of the same material, and with one deep crimson rose at her breast. "But that is yonr wife 1"said this noble .person, peering through her eyeglasses. "Ah, sI see-that was her name, was it? What a \- very extraordinary present to send a young . lady!" '" What else could I send her-from the ' Shannonhe asked. u At this moment Janie came along. " It's all right," she said, in an undertone; " Phil bas been down to some place in Picca dilly and got a room where we shall be by < ourselves. Sabie and I will follow whenever we see you going to the door. And Phil is waiting outside," -The consequence of this manoeuvre was that, a iew minutes thereafter, these four -were seated at lunoh in a private room of a .well-known restaurant j and they seemed ? rather glad of this respite from their publio \--da ties. " When I first thought of having an exhibi tion of thiB kind," Lindsay Baid, " my wildest hope was that that young woman there .would condescend to come to the private "view. I little expected to see her mistress of the Bhow." ... " I assure you that it is remarkably nioe, Sabina said. "You've no idea what pretty \- things have been said to me this morning. And do you think I was going to make any protest? That wouldn't have been business like, I felt far more inolined to Bay * Good gentleman, or pretty lady, your opinion is quite correct; and will you buy ?'" "You mercenary wretch! However, we've little cauBe to complain on that score; and I mean to make our holiday this year a thoroughgoing; one. I suppose you have got everything ready for Monday morning, Philip -rods ana nets and everything?" " Yes, I think so." "Oh," contmued LindBay, "I heard a pretty story about you the laBt time I had to xun down to Wigtonshire. The boy Jamie says that when you were fishing from the boat yon were continually catching up on the gunwale behind yoa. Now how aid you manage that? You must have double the flies right behind. And do you know yoa j were whisting them past people's faces ?" "Can the boy Jamie use a rod himself?" Mr. Philip asked. " Oh, yes, Jamie can throw a fly." " Then perhaps it would have been better for the young ruffian to have given me some advioe instead of treasuring up a tale about it." " Never mind, we'll show you how to lift jour line behind you when we're all back in Galloway again. Yes, and there's some nobler sport tor you, my lad, when we go on to Cromarty; wait till you find yourself fighting a thirty- pounder-then Janie will have to be by to rive a soream when you bring him to bank. Coffee and cigars were brought in : but the little party could not idle here much longer ; the artist had to go back to reoeive his patrons and friendB, As they were going downstairs ihe Baid "Look here, Mr. Phil, I teckon I shall see you to-morrow some time or other; but if I don't mind you come a bit early on Monday morning. Euston Station, 9.45, that's the watchword: and then-* Tahe your seats for the North!" It only remainB to be added that Sir Anthony Zembra, who has at length had the honour of office conferred on him, eame to the show that afternoon. and was vastly compli mentary. At the dinner tables whioh he adorns with his handsome presence he is quite fond of talking of his son-in-law: and at the last banquet of the Royal Academy, on being called on to answer tor the House ot Commons, The made pointed reference to his own personal and immediate association with art. THE END. 