CONSECRATION OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP OF PERTH. On Monday a representative of the Observer waited upon 1 Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, who courteously supplied some interesting particulars concerning the consecration of Dr. Gibney, as Bishop of Perth in Western Australia. Dr. Gibney was formerly Vicar-General of Perth, and was remarkable as the " hero of Glenrowan." At the time of the capture of the Kelly gang in Victoria he was collecting in that colony funds in aid of the Roman Catholic Orphanage of Perth. He acted very bravely at the Glenrowan affray, and rendered valuable services alike to humanity and to justice. At the last Provincial Council the late Bishop of Perth. (Dr. Griever) petitioned for a coadjutor owing to old age and infirmities. The Holy See heard the petition, and in September last appointed Dr. Gibney to the titnlar See of Hypena, a snfiragan See of the Archbishopric of Cythopolis in Asia Minor. This was a necessary formula under Church rules, but really Dr. Gibney acted as coadjutor in Perth. It may be explained that foreign Sees, better known amongst the Catholics as in pariXbu* infidelium, are now no longer called by that name. The present Pontiff, LeoXIIL, at the representation of the Sultan of Turkey, in whose territory most of thoBe Sees are situated, changed the title in parlibus infidelium to that of "Titular Bishoprics of the See," as, for instance, Bishop Gibney was first nominated as Bmhop of the titular Church of Hypena and coadjutor to the Bishop of Perth. No sooner had the Bolls or Letters Apostolic been -isBued than Dr. Griever became incapacitated for the government of the See. When the congregation of the Propaganda received the telegram of Dr. Griever s death they at once issued Becond letters appointing Dr. Gibney to the See of Perth, and, by a singular coincidence, these documents were received on the day of the late Bishop's burial. In compliment to the Catholic body of Perth, the Cardinal- Archbishop at once acceded to the request of Dr. Gibney to consecrate him in his own Cathedral. On Sunday, Janaary 23, the solemn _ ceremonial took place at 11 o'clock in the morning, the Cardinal being oonsecrating prelate, and Bishop Salvado, Abbot of New Norcia, and Bishop Reynolds, of Adelaide, assisting prelates. The ample space afforded by the chancel of the Cathedral of Perth enhanced the beauty of the ceremonial. The Cardinal sang the Pontifical Mass, and at the usual time gave the interrogations to the Bishop-elect, who < afterwards waa conducted by the assisting prelates to the feet of the Cardinal, where he made his profession of -faith and took the usnal canonical oath that he would preserve tke temporalities of the See of Perth, and neither alienate or give awaj or waste, but preserve intact to Ins successors that committed to his trust. He then laid prostrate aa prescribed at the foot of the altar, and at tne end of that ceremonial the Cardinal consecrator and the assisting prelates prayed that Almighty God would vouchsafe to bless, sanctify, and consecrate the elect. He then rose, conducted again by the assistant prelates, and knseling before the Cardinal they each .placed their hands on his head with the prayer "Receive the Holy Ghost" The Cardinal then annotated nis head with chrism, and also his hands, blessed the ring, and placed it on his finger. The Mass was then proceeded with until the communion, which the newly conse-" crated Bishop received under both species with the consecrating prelate. After this the gloves were blessed and placed by the consecrator and assistant Bishops on the hands of Dr. Gibney. Immediately afterwards the mitre was blessed, and with the same ceremonial placed on the head of the new Bishop. He was then " received to the kiss of peace" by "the consecrator and assisting Bishops. Snbseqnently .he was conducted by the Cardinal and assisting Bishops to the throne, the Cardinal placing the pastoral staff in his hand. The Cardinal immediately intoned at the foot of the altar the " Te Deum," during the singing of which the assisting Bishops led the newly consecrated through the Church, and in the procession he imparted his first episcopal blessing to the flock entrusted to his care. The singing is described as magnificent. A ?reat portion of the mnsic of the Mass had been composed by Bishop Salvado himself. The procession then re formed to conduct the Bishop to the episcopal residence. Many and hearty were the greetings of all Catholics and on-CathOlics on that memorable occasion.'' he leading ton-Catholics of Perth testified heir pleasure at Dr. Gibney's appointment y being present at the consecration. The ardinal preached at vespers, the • Cathedral eing again thronged by the *aine congregaion wno assisted in tne morning A most' leasing feature of .the visit of the Cardinal as the cordiality of the greetings from all deominations In Fremantle and Perth. The orporation'of Perth gave leave to the Catholics to erept trinmphal arches in the town, and were as hearty in their assistance s the Catholics could desira. The Bishop nvited about 100 of the leading gentlemen of Perthand Fremantle^ all of whom had assisted t the consecration, to a dqitmer at the rphanage at Snbiaco. The Sisters of Mercy ad everything prepared for their honoured uests. The Governor placed his carriage at he' disposal of the Cardinal and Bishops aring their £t&y;, as also the saloon-carriage n the railways, and directed that every; ttention should be paid to the Carding nd Bishops as the. guests of the, colony. Hie Cardinal and Bishops visited the i Governor's residence at Rottnest; and spent the' day. with torn. The Cardinal and Bishops visited the Native Mission at New Norcia, and were for two days the guests of Bishop Salvado. All the settlers mustered at the Monastery to greet the Cardinal. The native band and cncket club gave proofs of their ability, and on several occasions the latter defeated their white brethren -at cricket. The Cardinal left overland on Thursday, reaching Albany on Saturday night, and on Tuesday at midnight embarked on the Carthage with the Bisbop of Adelaide. Dr. Reynolds arrived in Adelaide cm Saturday, and the Cardinal went on to Sydney by the Carthage. INTEBCOLONT IL FIEE BRIGADES'. TOUENA- MENT.—At the meeting of the Executive Committee at the United F?'e Brigades Jubilee Tournament and JSxhibition, held on Saturday ((says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of February 14), the Secretary stated that arrangements had been competed with the Railway Department for conveying the Fire Brigades -to the tournament. Victoria will be represented by 44 metropolitan and 60 country brigades, New Soutn Wales by 15 metro, politan and 15 country brigades, Soath Australia by S brigades, Tasmania, Queensland, and New Zealand by 1 brigade eich r making a total of 145 brigades, which, with nearly 50 bands who are attached to the brigades, makes a grand total of 6,000 men. This large number does not represent the full strength of the United Fire Brigades of Australasia. In addition to the above, these brigades have an average of 6 men left behind at each fire station, ready for duty in case of fire, which represents nearly 1,000 more men, and allowing for brigades in -New South Wales, ueensland, South Australia, Tasmania, and S ew Zealand unable to attend the tournament, the grand roll-call of firemen in-the Australian Colonies must amount to fully 10,COO in round numbers, a respectable army in itself. The arrangements in connection with the tournament, which takeB place-on 24th, 25th, and 26th inst., are nearly completed, and competent authorities say than this tournament should be the most successful and useful ever held in the colonies. The programme represents every class of fire work, and the prize- list .is the largest and best ever offered. tr&a; unsolicited testimonial states that TO Warts have been thoroughly removed bom the hands of a Gentleman ana nis Son by. "'White's Certain Cure." Numbers hare been cored, and many have obtained relief from this now celebrated remedy for Corns and Wart*. Prepared only by J. White, Chemist, Kent Town. Price, la. 8d* of Chemists and Storekeepers i per Coat, Is. id. m»leM tr BEMABKABLV DlSiPPElBAHCH. Very Remarkable Disappearance of all Dirt from everything by using Hudson's Extract of Soap. Eeirard— °nrity. Health, Perfect Satisfaction, by Its regular daily use. For Clothes, Linen, Knives, Forks, Dishes. Saucepans, and all Domestic Washing. tBmwfe 