Chapter m-« MosictANs waiting ; enter Servants.' f „ «H I W- ^«not ^i1^ thonfiht 'd trouble to make her ball go off with afi brilliancy of wax and fire, of minuet and country dance, of beauty dressed to best advanta^a^™,c?; r -.1 -6. . ro tue«»in«' graces ; servants wiihout number were standing about the doors SSftSSG?*? ''ffJ^'eoW-braided ambitions andbnght-colouredhveries. De Horn's green lacqueys were conspidous among them : thev earned wands in thei, taSTSd I w^« ha? nosegays. The park was lighted bv torcheL lamps were hanging along th?S5i£22led to the house, A crowd «ood outsid?the LS and the splendours and persons belonging to T* h.came/lr'»ng OP- I think peopk^ere less *&f;/then than they are now. Sud^LmStt more seriously upon certain suhjects. Dancing u°o Sfi *?****- «« PostnrcSc np a great deal of time ; so did conversation and wrrespondence-or all of which exercirt TuZ? P''*}™ s^nssomewhat impaS «re\nony?SOnitS ^ cartailine witTsmaU Miss Angel started in her grand equipage to tJV^Partk^lI the state cereiSniesK seacgbjs child pass into the paradise charts. Tnc F.iac ^3 .-f Brunswick was to i-e t'--ere and other -jre 11 pers mage». Little Rjsa ':»ei;e 1 so hjrJ to he allowed to go to, that as it was a fine Njveinber ni^hl shining with many stars an 1 cr.-s»e 1 by n-) chill winds, the old nun con^ea'.iJ to it, anJ the little girl started clinging to his hand and dancing with delight along the pavement. I suppose to one or two people present or in the crowd withii. -ir with out every bill is de'yhtful; certainly Httie Rosa in her outer darkness was a* happy as any of the splendid and lighted -up ladies within — far bappier than Angel, wiu hid come in a strange and depressed state of mind. By degree ? (it often happens after depression) her .-.pints rose wildly. If a new go vn, plenty of music snuoth p iluhed fl urs, al-niration, and half-a-dozen persons at her elbow, could make her hippy, these ele.nents were not wanting. Antonio was gone, Mr. Reynolds had left her, but all. these vanities reaniinsd. People talked of fleeting worldliness ; i: seemed to be the one thing thai shi could count upon. Friendship left her in a fury ; love made a speech and walked out of the room ; but here was faithful vanity, and ameni ties unchanging ; here were partners and com pliments, here was De Horn unremitting in courteous attention. Since other things were not for her, she would take what she could hold. Was Frivolity a divine goddess after all? was this to be the experience of her life, to find divinity in one thing after another ; At times during that eventful evening Miss Angel's laughter and spirits were almost wild, but at others sbe drooped. There was anxiety in the air ; the secret feelings of the last few months seemed mingling with the scene be fore her. Almost the first person she saw as she came into the room was Mr. Reynolds talking to one of the beautiful Ladies Walde grave. He came up to her, held out his hind with a gentle deprecating 1-jok. She hardly knew how to respond ; there was a dazzle of lights before her eyes, of music in her ears. She turned away quickly, and just realised the fact that Lady Diana, who was ia crimson and looking greatly bored, was beckoning to her to come ana siaau oy uer sine From their corner the two ladies could see into the great dining-room, which had been decorated and turned into a dancing- hall. An arch ha I been opened into the little octagon roon-t Miss Angel's late retreat. Her bed-room had been transformed into a retiring boudoir, with lamps and tow divans ; almost all the windows were unshuttered, and the lights on the terrace without, and the shouts of the bystanders, seemed to make a fiery circle and outer incantation to the glittering magic within. There is a picture by StoiharJ of a court ball in those days, delicately and charmingly indicated. There is a sweeping and measured calm in all the brilliance, a high bred grace and composure. Lady W.'s bail was remarkable for this mixture of brightness -in -I qave restraining sense of high dignity present. iue country- dances were performed with {reat spirit. Angelica danced twice with M. le Horn, who came and reminded her l!ia- she was promised as she stood by Li.ty D De Horns dancing was celebrate! for it~ excellence. He was stately, conposed. graceiUI, inuvuig nib long ilium mm a a-jil tfi careless ease. When dancing, he seemed quite lifferent from the somewhat conscious p.'rso-i ne appealed under ordinary circumstances. His ear for music must have been remarkable : and 'he whole glittering set of country-dancers seemed lo ba inspirited and kepi to the measure -y this one man's performance. They swayed aad b nved, and stamped their high heels : the swords swung, die gentleman's gild embroideries, which they shared with their lacqueys, twinkled ; the state'y lady figure* rose and sank, and pointed their satin toes. D s Horn among them all, in his black an i silver, seemed to beat his own time aid t ? keep the music itself in measure. Angelic v made no secret of her pleasire in his par formanca. When excellence reaches a certain point, even dancing becomes a fine art, and ceases to be a personal display to real artinic natures. Perhaps this may h?ve been a small fine art, but it was all in all for the moment ; and when D - Horn's glance sought Angelica's after one of their complicated evolutions, sbe gave 4 bright and unqualified look of approval and interest. Mr. Keya.ilds was still standing not far off. an 1 he saw her glance, and then he loike-1 down at his shoebuckles, feeling as if he had nj right to watch Angelica's expres ions or move ments any more. That look seemed to tell him he had been right to absolve his conscience She was a ghost to him — that beautiful living woman, with the light of youth in her eyes, of interest and fine intelligence. Mr. Reynolds was gone when De Horn conducted her back to her place by Lady Di. He remained by her side, not talking exactly, for he was a pzrson nage muet, and depended more upon his legs than bis wits for the favour he received from the world. He stood listening to Angelica's talk with everybody else, and putting in a word every now and then more or less to the purpose. 'What a stupid man De Horn is !' said Lady Di once, when he had moved away, called off by some acquaintance. ' I cannot imagine him the hero I am assured he is. They say he fought with wonderful courage at Hastenbeck a year ago. He does not look warlike now.' ' Do you not think so?' said the Kauffnoann. ' I think the man is a very good specimen of a human being.' Was it magnetism and force of will by which De Horn made his way ? It was some carious power he bad of making others half interested, half afraid. Angelica dimly felt lhat she was in danger. ' He still seemed with her, even when she was talking to others. Goethe tells Eckermann about attractive and repulsive powers belonging to human beings as they walk -n mvsteries. It must have been some mag netic powers in De Horn which imposed upon c#i manv. As the handsome couple stood side by side they commanded a view of the brilliant com pany in the blazing hall and on the staircase drawn up to receive the Princess of Brunswick and the 'Duke of Cumberland, who had arrived in state. The heads bent in long line, the curtseys vie in depth and sweep : the proces sion sweeps on, the buzz of voices rises afresh. Two people begin talking in the crowd of the Daily Couraut, a newspaper which has just come oat. ' Its news is not of the latest,' says one of the speakers, turning to Da Horn ; ' It an nounces Count De Horn's expected arrival in London viA Paris and Dover.' It is three months after date in its intelligence. ' Is he coming ?' said Di Horn, with a start. 'He— who?' said the other, and D.- Horn seemed suddenly to remember to burn oa; laughing. Angelica, preoccupied as she was, could nn help wondering at the agitation this little ia cident seemed to produce in her partner. He presently asked her if she did hot feel thehcat. Would she not come nearer an open window ? Are you ill ? Pray do not think of me, she said, for she saw that he was deadly pale. But he would not leave her. He seemed 'to detain her, by mere force of » ill to keep her ?jiart from the rest of the company. He began talking as* he had never done before. ** Ah ! that you were in my own rank of life !' he said once ; ' but what matter rank or difficulty where there is wit and coara-je an i true love f She became more and more uneasy, as his manner grew more free. He followed h.sr everywhere from room to room, into the supper-room at last, where he had handed so.ne refreshment she had asked for across the table, saying, 'Let me serve you, madam. Ah ! you are fortunate ; here in this 'country fm bate no vexing restrictions « witb^ss. Brfore I ltfi Sweden a friead of mine was sji»oi-»n_-'i before the magistrate fir having taken 3 -.-ap of ca x:V.ais ia her Ivix at the p'ay. She was condeinieJ to a week's imjiri-ioniuent and a heavy fine.' .. 'Is it ppssiWe?' cried Atgc'ica. 'I should be sTry to pay sach a price for a c-.:p r»t chic»|atc.r* (Ai-is ! pior woman, she had ti piy a hn.vier price thia this for that which Count le H irn was n^w hindin-j ti h ;r.) 'Oj.'Uwiare of extra^rdina**/ severity,' cried th: Cmnt. *? I myself have, I fear ? ' he broke olf abrupt!-/. '* Will you corns bick to the dancing-r - jm ?'* h; .said, and he lookc] at her with oae of iho« strange uncertain glances. As De Horn's agitation grew, Angelica felt her own insensibility increase. S'ie became mjre and more afraid, and once when he had beeii called away by oae of the Princess of Brunswick's attendant pa^e;, she precipitately engaged herself to Lird VV., who hippencd to be standing near. But fate seemed tu interfere. Lidy W. Came up with a ' No, W., you must not J nice with Kauffmann. I kao.v hj-.v mach you would like to do so ; but tW^re is the Princess of Brunswick waiting to be takea into supper. Here is Count de Horn, who will, I am sure, sunulv vour place.' bhe was gone, and once more Angelica found her fingers in the grasp of the very band she was trying to a-roid. His fingers beid hers so strangely, dosing with a firm liglit pressure, that she seemed unable to resist. ' Here is a seat by the window,' she said, trying to avoid him, and with a sort^pf smile she withdrew her band in an unconcerned way, talking of some thing else all the while; but again she happened to meet the look of his strange pene trating eyes as she glanced up ; it seemed to her as if his glance held her as firmly as his closit.g ringers. Old John Joseph was in the cco-Jvd outside, s.:vl hid nanogeJ to creep with little Rosa through til; barriers. Ai they sto.id on the terrace of the garden, they saw. to their delight, Angelisa go by in her brilliance, escorted by this magnificent squire. ' Hiw white sbe looks, grandpapa !*' said little Rosa ; ' is she frightened all alone?' ' She is not all alone ; that great Signer is talking to her,' said John Joseph. ** Praised be heaven, that I sec ray child honoured as she deserves ; all arc acknowledging her rights. See, Rosa, they are looking for ber, she re ceives a message, she is led across. Rosa ! It is one of the Princess's pages who had been sent tor her, cried old Joan Joseph, clasping his hands and creeping up closer and closer to the window and trampling the flower-bed to liehold the apotheosis of his Angel as she is conducted to the great chair where the Princess is sitting in state. ' People are coming this way. Come quxk,' whispers little R'»si, pilli.ig at his coai-tails- They are a tinid pair, and the burst of voices frightens theai, and the two creep off carefully, a 1 J, u*-i-receiveJ, sUic along the rails and co:ne out away into the street. They fiad their way hune, through dark moonlit streets, to the hjose wb=re As tired servants are sleeping. S'X-n little Ro=i, too, is dreaming of moon light and of music. Old John Joseph ligh's his p'pe and sits down C'inien'edly in the great c ;air in the par lour, waiting »ill Angel should return ; he opens the window to hear her first summons. Long, warm, dark hours pass, and he nods sleepily in his place, all wrapped in his cloak. The open window lets in the first light of dawn, the birds begin to chirp crisply in the chit! serenity. The dawning light shines up in the ball, and up in the -lancers stiHl untiringly pursuing th.'ir ail/25. It shi'ies opo 1 a woman ivho has co.-ne »at (mm the hot glari.i^ r » vu. with us sirain ing nusic a'ii opprcMve sent of ijar.ir.jj '.vax, iaro the Jim ^jrey giriea where thi trees jast rustle in th- da-vQ, a.i I \ht sparrows are whistling their early chorus wh'.i fresh pre cision. All that night Ange'.ici hal felt unnatural! v wound up, excitei, agitated. This dim coul light seemed t ?» coll h^r ba;k «?- rest, i-j tran iieil mind, to reality of heart and feeling. Her dress glii-nid white am -n* shadov-. Some silver cloud was drifting oveihead. S )n: one saw her go fr.im the r torn, and came pursuing her step;. It seemed impossible to avoid De Horn, who now followed her along the twilight path. ' Why d j you co.ue ?' she cried exasperated ; ' do not you see that I would avoid you ?' ?'Why do I come?' said De Horn. ' Madam, I have much to say to you. My happiness, my liberty, my life arc ia your haads. I have had news to-night — news that overwhelms me. I am in dire disgrace. My estates and my life may be forfeit. Vou alone can save me, save me from despair.' Angelica turned her wondering looks. She saw he was in eam^-t ; he lo ike I qhastly.| ' The Queen would listen to you.' he cried. ' Oid von not see the Princess stn:li» ac -h» gave you uer juajt&iy; s uu^ssage ami summons to Windsor ? your influence would save me,' he repeated. ' Indeed I will do anything,' faltered An gelica, greatly moved ; ' but yoa overrate, you entirely mistake.' ' I do not overrate anything,' he said, ap proaching bis anxious face tu hers, and through the dim twilight his great black eyes gleammed, and. as the light increased, she saw more plainiy the lines of care and almost terror in iiisfac'. Then, before she could prevent hiai, he fell tjio.i his knees and ciught hold of her skirts with his two hands ~s he sp -kc. ''You have influence upon all who-n you anproach ; you could obtain grace f--r your hushaitd,' he cried, 'if not for me. Oh, Angol, be that which you are, a generous and noble-hearted woman. Give me my life ! I love you to distraction, you see it, you know it. If you have one womanly feeling, one pitiful thought for a wretch in torment, you could save me, you alone.' And he struck his breast. ' Oh ! no, no,' said Angel, doubting, not knowing how to answer, how to escape. He went on passionately entreating, and she, ^bewildered, excited, let him go on, listened with ri-ing agitation, runted as she listened, grew i.iterest^d against her ova convictioi, and suddenly, the sprll of the moment, the passionate petition, her owi y~ ding niture, all overcame her : some wire se^metl to flow over ber head, and it seemed to her as if it was no new thing ; bat a- if tdit voice had beei pleading and pleading from x'.n vcry beginning ?if life, as if all her c- 'ness and indifference were cruelty and selfishness, and as if sujio conviction had come to her, that he mast lie saved at any price, she alone must save him. Suddenly, very suddenly, sheyieided, agreed »o everything, -jo anyt^iing he asked. S-ie would meet him n;xl day at the little Catholic Chapel cut of Manchester Square. He could hardly believe it as she spoke, hardly believe keep the secret, and as she said so be seized her band and kissed it again and again. ' Oh, yon could not deceive me !' he cried. If any one were to suspect his mintage — such were the laws of Sweden, Uz Hora assured her — he would be immediately carried off, imprisoned perhaps for life ; 'bat you. my treasure, my Angel of deliverance, tin ler the shado-»ofyo»r pare wing* I shall be sife.' He seemed almost overpowered, and tor a moment Augelijj lost cojragc. Bat ahe oiide n- opp -si-i »j. when De H iri seized her hind, and palled Lady W.'s liide ring off her finger. *' This is a p'-edge of your truth and good* ness ; you dare not fail me now.' Though Ids words were har-b, bis looks were melting; they seemed m appeal to her very heart. She could not apeak, bat UatiM* head ia assent. When she looked up De Horn was hastily - escaping along a shadowy path ; for oae instant he stopped, waved farewell, and pointed to wards the house, from whence a whale stream of dancers turv issued. The sun rose over the houses, a glittering stream of gold fell upon Angelica in her silver dress. At she turned to meet the company, she seemad on fire, advancing radiant and ex cited. How much are omen; worth ? Poor Angel ! hitherto people had reproached her with lightness of .1-uure. Henceforward the burden of life by heavy enough to satisfy her most envious detractors. (To BE CONTINUED.) Wolfe's Schnapps is a great relief in Rheumatism, intiitely superior to brandy or whisky. 