ABOUT THE WEDDING-RING. OF all the ornaments with which vanity, superstition, and affection have decorated the human form, few have more curious bits of history than the finger-ring. From the earliest times the ring has been a favourite ornament, and the reasons for this general preference shown it over other articles of jewellery are numerous and cogent. In striking contrast with decorations worn on the clothing, in the hair, around the neck and arms, or pendent from the ears, lips, and nose, is tne finger-ring, the model of convenience. It is seldom lost, for it need not be taken off; requires no preparatory mutilation of the body, is not painful, is always in view, a perpetual reminder either of the giver or of the person for whom it is worn. The uses of the finger-ring have been many and diverse. Originally purely for ornament, it became a signet for kings and a warrant for their messengers; to civil officers it was once an emblem of office, and to ecclesiastics an indispensable portion of the episcopal costume. It was once worn by physicians to prevent contagion, and by patients to cure disease; the timorous wore it as a charm against evil spirits, and the ambitious clung to it as a talisman giving the wearer success over his enemies. But as a love-token and a symbol of marriage the use of the ring is so general, and of so long standing, as to dwarf into insignificance its employment in all other directions. At what period it came into play as a recognised factor in the marriage ceremony it is impossible to say. The Hebrews used it in very early ages, and probably borrowed the custom from the Egyptians, among whom the wedding-ring was known—a circle, in the language of hieroglyphics, being the symbol of eternity, and the embodiment of the circle readily symbolising the hypothetical duration of wedded love. The Greeks used wedding-rings, so did the Romans, both putting them on the forefinger—bvthe way, a practice followed by the mediaeval painters, many of whom represent the Virgin's ring on her forefinger. In the East, where the popular estimate of woman is low, the use of the wedding-ring has not been common, though occasionally the favourite of an Oriental monarch would receive from her master a ring as a mark of his favour. The conclusion, therefore, is safe that, with increased respect for the institution of marriage, come also increased respect for and use of the ring as a token of the alliance. There is no doubt that fashion has sometimes had influence in determining the style and* material of the ring. For instance, during the lattier part of ihe sixteenth 1 century a fashion for some time prevailed in France of making the wedding-ring consist of several links, fastened together in such a way as to seem but one. Sometimes there were three, two links having graven hands and the third a heart, the union of the three in the proper position clasping the hands over the heart. During the palmydays of astrology there was quite a fashion in Germany of wedding-rings engraved with astronomical and astrological characters, the horoscopes of both the contracting parties being sometimes indicated in the setting of the ring. That being also the golden age of the quack doctor, wedding-rings were often made with a cavity to contain medical preparations or charms to preserve or restore health or avert evil. After the Crusades had set Europe in a flame a practice became common in France, Germany, and England oE wearing rings the setting of which was a tiny fragment of wood from the true cross, and many of these rings aTe still preserved in the cabinets and museums of Europe. When the ring was not plain, precious stones of some kind constituted the settings, and when the selection of the stone was in question the dominance of fashion was absolute. In the fourteenth century a fanciful Italian writer on the mystic arts set forth the virtues of the gems, indicating also the month in whicn it was proper to wear particular 6tones in order to secure the result, The idea took, and for some time it was the fashion in several Italian cities to have the precious stone of the ring determined by the month in which the bride was born. If in January, the stone was a garnet, believed to have the power oE winning the wearer friends wherever she went. If in February, her ring was set with amethyst, which not only promoted in her the quality of sincerity, but protected her from poison and from slanderous tongues. The blood-stone was for March, making her wise, and enabling her with patience to bear domestic cares; the diamond for April keeping her innocent and pure so long as she wore the gem. An emerald for May made her a happy wife, while an agate for June gave her health and rotection from fairies and ghosts. If £ Dl orn in July the stone was a ruby, which tended to keep her free from jealousy of her husband, while in August cardonyx made her happy in the maternal relation. In September a sapphire was the proper stone, it preventing quarrels between the wedded pair. In October a carbuncle was chosen, to promote her love of home. The November bride wore a topaz, it having the gift of making her truthful and obedient to her husband, while in December the turquoise insured her faithfulness. Among the German country folk the last named stone is to the present day used as a setting for the betrothal ring, and so long as it retains its colour is believed to indicate the constancy of the wearer. From Italy this fanciful notion spread to France, and French bridegrooms would sometimes insure themselves against bad matrimonial bargains, and, as far as they could guarantee to their brides, a variety of good qualities, by presenting twelve rings, one for each month, with occasionally one or two extra as special charms. This extravagance in the number of rings used at weddings is not a solitary instance, for the use of several rings at the marriage ceremony has been known. The Greek Church uses two rings, one of gold, the other of silver, while in some districts of Spain and Portugal three rings are placed, one at a time, on the fingers of the bride as the words, " In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost," are pronounced. Fashion has determined not only the style of the wedding-ring, but the finger on which it is to be worn, and so capriciously has custom varied, that the symbol of matrimony has travelled from the thumb to the fourth finger, where it now reposes. In the time of Elizabeth it was customary both in England and on the Continent for ladies to wear rings on the thumb, and several of her rings, now shown in the British Museum, for the size, must have been thumb rings. In the time of Charles II. the ring seems to have found lodgment on the forefinger also, sometimes on the middle finger, occasionally on the third finger also, and by the time George I. came to the throne the third finger was recognised as the proper for it; not universally, however. William Jones, in his treatise on rings, declares that even then the thumb was the favourite place for the wedding-ring. The " British Apollo" decides the proper place of the ring to be the fourth finger, not because it is nearer to the heart than the others, but because on it the ring is less liable to injury. The same authority prefers the left hand to the light. The position of the ring on the left hand of the bride indicates her subjection to her husband. A curious exception to the rule placing the ring on the left hand is, however, seen in the usage of the Greek Church, which puts the rings on the right hand.— Popular Science Monthly. No one can be sick if the stomach, blood, liver, and kidneys are well. Dr. Soule's American Co.'s Hop Bitters'keeps them well. Notice. 