The Storyteller. Grandfather's Ghost. David Dexter and I were very nearly tiie same sge. We Jived to be the tw- oldest people in our neighbourhood, ami from early childhood we were close friends. He was wealthy, and I was poor, and many a time did he give me assistance. David Dexter married quite early in life, bis wife bein^r a good woman, hut far from strong. . She bore him two children, a son and a daughter ; and when the daughter was four years old the mother died. The son, John, proved a thorn in David's flesh. The father, having owned a great deal of land, had become quite wealthy when his children were born ; and John, seeing no need of work, would not work. David did wrong in allowing smart, handsome lad, and in many respects his father was nroud of him. At the age of twenty-two John married, and brought his wife home to the old homestead, where she was soon installed as housekeeper, the old man having, very fortunately for his son, taktn a strong liking for her. The daughter, Elizabeth, two years younger than John, fell in love with a young barrister, named Benjamin Cope land, a really worthy mall-steady, in dustrious, and strictly honourable.' But John had conceived a strong dislike to wards him, and lie tried to impart that dislike to his father. Old Divid, governed alone by the slanderous whis perings of his son, sought to prevent, his daughter from marrying the man of her choice, and when she had married acainst bis stern command, he told her that, she might consider herself disin herited. John Dexter died, at the age of five and-thirty. a besotted drunkard, leaving his wife still in charge of the house, and a son, named Mark, ten years of age. Other children had been born to him, hut they had not lived. Meantime Reniamiu Copeland and Elizabeth had moved away from tbe village, he having obtained an excellent practice in town. There is one other chaiacler whom I must not forget. Shnrtiv after David's wife died he adopted an orphan girl, named Karsli Belknap. She was ten years old when David took her to his home, and at the age of eighteen she gave her hand in marriage to a Daniel Harwell, a farm labourer who bad worked for Mr. Dexter many years. David was not pleased hv this marriage, and very shortly after Daniel Farwell bad made Sarah his wife David discharged liini from his service. For a little time Far well worked in our village, and then he went away and found work elsewhere. The years passed 011, and when Mark was fifteen years of age his mother died. David Dexter was then sixty-eight, and somewhBt broken in health. He had grown quite corpulent, and had had two or three severe touches of gout. Elizabeth Dexter, John's widow, and mother of Mark, had been a shrewd, cal culating woman, and had striven to im press upon her son the need of keeping on the right side of bis grandfather. I overheard her once, when she knew not that I was near, speak to her son as fol lows—it was within a few days of litr death : — ' Mark, you must be careful how you behave in the sight of your grandfather. Several times recently he has asked me about your late coming home at night, and I have deceived him. Ob. my son, if he knew how you are spending your evenings he would disinherit you. You are beginning exactly as your poor father began before you. I was talking with old Stephen Spade the other day (it was myself to whom she thus alluded), and he told me of the Oopelatids. Your uncle Benjamin has become a county court judge, and their son, George just about your own age— i6 ready to enter college ; I think he has entered by this time. Oh, Mark, I wish you would go to college. It would draw your grandfather's heart towards you so strongly that you would be safe. Think of the wealth ? Half a million, surely. How would you feel if the Copelands should come in and take possession ? And I tell you, it will come to pass if vou are not careful ' Mark Dexter swore that his cousin George should never come in for any large share of his grandfather's money ; and he partly promised his mother that he would go to college. Three days later Mark's mother died, and two days after the funeral he said to his grandfather that he would like to go to college. The old man was delighted. The boy should go to the very best college iu the country. Mark said be had set his heart upon Cambridge. To be sure, that was at some distance from home, hut he had two or three very dear friends there who would help him wonderfully in his studies. So to Cam bridge University it was arranged that Mark should so. 'Stephen,' said old David to me about a month after the death of John's widow, ' Mark is growing up to be a man of the right stamp. He'll be a staff to my declining years, and a joy to my heart.' And fheD he went on and told me all about his hopes and his plans. Of course, I would say nothing to hurt the old man's feelings, vet I had not a particle of faith in Mark Dexter. T knew him foradrinkiug, gambling, dissolute youth, and I knew that be was grossly deceiv ing iiis kind-hearted old grandfather; but T could not put my finger upon the proof to show it to another. Three or four months after Mark had gone awav, old David came to rae with an open letter in his hand ; bis eyes were shining, and joy was in every lineament of his worn and faded face. It was a letter purporting ti- be from one of the professors of Cambridge University. It pictured Mark as a very paragon of all that was studious and proper on the part of a student. ' Really,' the writer said, ' he is a noble young man, and an honor to our venerable institution.' During the third year of Mark's pre tended attendance at college; George Copeland and Bertha Farwell came to our village looking for a home. This Bertha Farwell was daughter of that Sarah Belknap whom old David adopted in the earlier years, and who, you will remember, ma'rried with Mr. Dexter's farm labourer, Daniel Farwell. George Copeland was son of Benjamin aud Eliza beth, and grandson of old David. George had been studying medicine, and had come to our village hoping to settle there. Bertha had come with him, as they were affianced, and had planned to be married as soon as they could find assurance of a home and practice enough for a support. We may suppose, of course, that tbe hope of gaining the friendship of grandfather had something to do with their coming. They found a home with me. I had rooms to spare, and I was glad to accom modatetbem. I had known their parents, and had loved them ; and I liked thetse young people. The old man, however, would scarcely recognise them. Mark at last came home. The uncle made his will, leaving him everything. t j It was about threemonthsafter this that Genrge Copeland came to raeoneevening, and aftked me to go up to the mansion with liini to see his grandfather. He bad an important errand to do, and would like me to be present. 1 ? ' Tne business was this The cashier or Che bank where old David had for years kept his open account had found four checks, paid at different times, purport ing to be drawu by D«vid D.'Xler's own band. The paying teller had paid with out hrsilatimi, especially as they were made payable to Mark Dexter, and bore his endorsement. Old Divid received his outcast grand son mther formally, aud at first coldly ; lint there was n geiiial, pleasant, cheerful, whole-hearted manner with the young man that he could not withstaud, and, before he knew it, he was unbending wonderfully. Said George, after he bad stated his business and exhibited the cheques— two of them for fifty pounds each, one for a hundred, and another for two hundred, — ' The cashier sent tbem to me because he knew that I would make no unneces sary publicity of the matter. The money was paid to Mark iu person, and the officials of the bank believed that you would prefer to deal with the matter yourself. The csshier detected the forgery tbe moment bis eyes rested upon the signature.' Tbe old man was like oue thudder struek. ' How dornrf he do it?' he muttered half to himself. I ventured to suggest, ' My dear old friend, he evidently believed that you would be dead and buried before the for gery could come to your knowledge. If yon will look at tho Idat s, you will see that you were very ill at the time those checks were paid.' Before the stricken man could reply, a strange thing happened. He was staring blankly at the checks, when the front door bell was rung, and presently a servaut looked in and announced that a gentleman wished to speak with the master. Without stopping to flunk, and with out looking up, the old man said, ' Show him in.' And shortly afterwards the new-comer was ushered into !he room where we sat. He was a middle-aged man, aud evidently of professional calling. George Copeland recognised him at once as oue of tbe pro fessors at Cambridge, Sidney Payne by name. He greeted him warmly, and introduced him to old D.ivid and to me. After a little chatting 011 various topics of the hour, Mr. Payne made known his business. He had a promissory note for three thousand pounds, payable to Marl; Dexter, and signed by David Dexter. A young wan, railing himself by the first mentioned name, and avouched for as grandson of said David Dexter, had raised tiie money on that note of a youngstudeut at Cambridge with whom lie had become familiar. 'He said,' explained Payne, 'that his grandfather didn't happen to have the money by him at tiie time, so lie bad made that note, knowing that it would be just as good as a note of any hunk.' ' I suppose,' said David, absently, 'that he got this money while at col lege?' ' At college ! Who at college ?' ' Why. my grandson. He Pas been a student at Cambridge.' ' Has he given you to understand that ?he was ever a student in the Cambridge University ' Was he not a student there?' cried David, now bolt upright. ' No, sir,' answered the Professor. 'He was for mauv months a thorn in our flesh, leading our weak-minded students astray. Ko, no, my dear sir. If the young man has ever told you that be matriculated at Cambridge he simply lied to you. To my certain knowledge, he spent four years, mostly in Londou, living a life of unbridled dissipation.' I pitied the old man from the but' ir. of my heart, but I could not. help him. On the following day David Dexter called his old lawyer from Foxcroft, and made a new will, and I was a witness to it. George Copland and Bertha, his wife — for' be had beeu married several months — were made his principal heirs and a certain sum was left in trust to George, the interest of which was to be paid semi-annually to Mark, making a sum equal to two huudred a year. Mark was attbiB lime away in London. Two days after making the new will old David was taken for the third time with what was pronounced as an apo plectic fit. Mark was telegraphed for,' and he came, but he was too late to see his grandfather alive. He reached home just before dark, and while be was eating supper a servant, whom he had hired to keep watch for bim, and inform him of what was done during his absence, told him of tbe new will. That night I went up and wandered about the mansion, and I saw Mark with a lighted candle in his hand overhauling his grandfather's paper=. And I saw more. T Baw him take a paper from one one of the drawers in the upper part of tiie great old cabinet aud open it. I could see the seal upon it, and I knew it for tbe new will, and before I could collect my senses to decide what I should do, the paper was in flames. I went home, thinking what I would do. I concluded, however, to hold my peace until after the funeral. David Dexter had died on Wednesday, aged eighty-one years. He was to be buried on Friday. And on Friday after noon the funeral took place, and be sure it was largely attended. The coffin was deposited in the old family vault in the churchyard, and left in my charge. That evening, after I had eaten supper, I thought T would go to tiie Dexter tomb and move the old mail's coffin to a place by itself. T had left it on top Of two others, and had thought that they might not be (strong enough to support it. I took my large lantern, and set forth. I entered the tomb— it was built oCbrick and granite, and little more than half below the surface of theeartb. Having opened the heavy iron door, I descended five stone steps to the floor of the vault; and there I saw a sight that for the moment froze my blood, and suspended every fuuctioi of life. Tbe great new coffin lay upon the rough stone floor, broken opeu ; and the dead man, in his winding sheet, sat upon its ruins! Suffice it to say, David Dexter had been buried alive ! Tbe fit had been a perfect catalepsy. After a moment's reflection I was as strong as ever. I called to my mind how life-like the old man's flesh had been ; and I believed !bat that fact, dwelling in my thoughts, had been the unwitting cause of my visit to the tomb. David could not have been long free when I arrived. Weighing, as he did, over two hundred pounds, it had required but little motion on his part to topple his coffiu from its rickety resting place ; and the fall, together with his struggling, had burst off tbe lid, and broken open one side. I soon brought him to his senses ; then I gave him ray overcoat ; and wound my muffler round his neck, and took him lo my house, which was only a few rods distant ; and by the time we bad reached my kitchen fire, and old David had swal lowed a generous measure of hot brandy and water, he was quite like his own self. During tiie evening, in my own private room-^for lie was to spend the night with me — I asked bim if he had destroyed bis old will. ' No,' he told me. He had left it in his old cabinet, where it had reposed ever since it was made ; and the new will lay upon the top of it. And then I told him what I had seen of the secret manlpula tion of Mark. Tbe old man shook his head, and I could see that his course was resolved upon. I was to take care of him, and give him all needed aid. Towards the middle of the forenoon of the day following the fuueral, there was trouble iu the great library of the Dexter mansion. Tbe old lawyer, Mr. Blsbee, had called upon George Copeland and his wife, and they were in attendance. He had looked for the last will which be had made, and had uot found it ; aud he bad demanded of Mark Dexter to know what had be come of it. At first tbe young man affected indig nation aud anger. ' Is there not a will ?' the lawyer asked. Yes, there was the old will, by which lie — Mark— was made principal heir. But there bad been a later one made. 'Ay,' cried the false-hearteu grand sou — false in every way— 'my grand father made a second will, I bave no doubt; and I have no doubt that, if be did make it, lie afterwards destroyed it. Oh ! Master George, and Mrs. George. You came hither, thinking to find a golden nest, eh ? You flattered your selves that I was to be turned out from my just inheritance. But you were mis taken. And now get you gone, every oue. This is my bouse, if you pleaseand I will assume control. ' Mr. Bisbee, when I want a lawyer, I will find one of my own choosing. You are wanted no more here. Mr. George Copeland, and Mrs. Bertha, when I am ready to pay over the small sum set apart for you, I will let you kuow. And now, out you go. Dou't wait for me to call my ser vants.' ' Mark Dexter !' said the old lawyer, solemnly and sternly, 'I tell you there iB another will, or— — 'Silence!' yelled theculprit, furiously. ' I tell you there is uo other will !' ' IIV//, well; don't dispute. 1IV can i mafci another !' What voice was that ? It was like the bursting of a thunderbolt in tbe old library. Enter the old sexton, and close behind him, David Dexter himself— tbe dead alive agaiu ! Tbe scene can be better imagined than described. The false-hearted, wicked grandsou staggered back, aud sank upon a chair, where he remained long enough to hear tbe story of his grandfather's wonderful return to life and conscious ness. Then he started to his feet, made a dash for the old cabinet, tore open a drawer, aud took thence a buudle of liauk-uotes, after which he sped from the room, and at ouce left tbe house. Old David lived long enough to enjoy what he had never truly enjoyed before — the love and devotion of an upright, true- hearted grandson, and be lived, too, to dandle upon his knee a greatgrand son — tiie happiest moment, he said, of his life. What became of Mark he never xnew, but after be had put oil' this earthly tabernacle, never again to resume it, George Copeland learned, through a newspaper, that the erring man had met his final retribution at the hands of a drunken companion at the gaming-table. 