The unemployed continue to press their claims on the Government for work ; but they are somewhat unrea sonable in their demands, and in some respects a trifle too hard to please. We are sot surprised at that when we find men of the Henry Taylor type at a public meeting asserting that it is the duty or the State to tmd employ ment for the people owing to the fact that we do not live under equal and just laws. He has gone further and said — ' It was a most revolting and disgusting thing that in such a colony as South Australia men should be clamoring for work, wives should be destitute, and children crying for bread.' Such intemperate and mis leading language made use of at a public meeting is hurtful to the colony. It ill became the gentleman referred to to represent the laws of the land to be unequal and unjust, seeing they are as righteous and fair as they were when he as emigration lecturer for the South Australian Government extolled this country as all that could be desired for working men. Why such a change of front ? for the change is in the man and not in our constitutional govern ment. It may suit his case to misre present the colony and profess to be friend the working man, but he does no good to the cause of the latter. He may think that he is on the right plank, but the public do not, and he should be careful to distinguish be tween real and fancied defectB in our constitution. It is with the working men we have to do at present more than with their would-be leaders. We had thought that the unemployed had been fairly well provided for by the Government. What with grubbing, tree-planting, and other public works a large number of men have been set to work. The very favorable and pro mising season has tended in some degree to remove the depression, for the occupiers of the soil have been busy and have employed more men than usual. In other directions there are indications of activity. But many men are reluctant to leave the City, and prefer waiting for something to turn up than trying to make fresh homes elsewhere. That working men have experienced bard times during the past two years is only too palpable, and we sympathise with them in their distress, and as more prosperous times appear to be dawning we hepe that complaints of the scarcity of employ ment will cease. All classes have felt, and still feel tbe effects of the depres sion, and the farmers perhaps as keenly as any. Only the other day a farmer informed us that for two years he had been nnable to hold his own, but had lost considerably, and that many of his neighbors had had a like experience. He let a farm in Boucaut to his eon on halves, the father providing the seed. After harvest, they had only the same quantity of wheat as they bad sown. Thus the owner was a loser by half of the seed, and the occupier had the other half for his year's labor and out lay. We mention this to show that the laboring classes are not the only sufferers, and we could name business men who have lost heavily, and not a few have been able- to keep going only by living on the money they bad saved in former years. We fear that the advocates of indus trial settlement of the laboring classes on the land are unwittingly endeavor ing to introduce a system which would tend to pauperise those whom they wish to help. At the public meeting in the Town Hall, Adelaide, the other evening a resolution was paseed in favor of the Government setting apart blocks of land in suitable allotments near centres of population on which to settle working men. The Govern ment is also to be asked to devise a scheme whereby monetary assistance in the form of small loans may be given to those settling on the land. Such a system would but handicap working men, increase the indebtedness of the colony, and unnecessarily burden the taxpayer. If the colony ii to go ahead let it be by legitimate means, and not by a fatee and mischievous system which might give to it for a brief period the gloss of prosperity, but which would in reality only multiply our difficulties. It is to be hoped that Parliament will not sanction any scheme for supplying the occupiers of small blocks of land with money on loan to be expended on improving their holdings. The money vould be lost to the State, and would not benefit any one. ^^^^^^^^^^^ When reports were first circulated with reference to the finding of alluvial gold at TeeUlpa the excitement was intense. In tending diggers hastened to the sew field, but comparatively few remained long enough to fairly test the groand. Notwith standing the fluctuation of population in that quarter gold was found la such quan tities as to satisfy the most sceptical that an extensive and payable field hid been disco covered. The alluvial in several gullies has been exceedingly rich, and the extensive and promising reefs there tend to confirm the belief that the Teetulpa Gold-Fields will prove permanent. The fact of the population being smaller now than it was must not be regarded as an evidence of the fields having been worked out. In reality only the old alluvial gullies have been de nuded of their treasure, and the dryness of the country prevents men of ordinary means from prospecting in a thorough and syste matic manner. The consequence ia that while a large number have left, others have turned their attention to the reefs. It is a matter of surprise that a number of work ing men who are out of work should be reluctant to try their luck on the gold-fields of tbe colony. As we have said, the diffi culties in the way of prospecting in the North-East are great, but living at Teetulpa is as cheap as anywhere else, while there are many other diggings where men are doing well. There is no doubt that distance lends enchantment to the view. The Snowy River diggings in New South Wales, and the Kimberley in West Australia attracted a good many of our toilers, just as the Tee tulpa diggings at first drew to this colony hundreds of men from Victoria, New South Wales, and other places. The water diffi culty affects only the North-East, and the unemployed seem to think that the other diggings are already over-populated. To a certain extent this is true, but gold will not be found until it is searched for, and there can be no doubt that there are other spots besides those at present being worked that contain deposits of the precious metal. The Government seems to have lost heart over Teetulpa, otherwise why does it not set resolutely to work to have artesian wells bored at certain distances apart over the whole of the auriferous country in the North-East P Good water ought to be pro curable after piercing the upper saline strata, but if it should turn out to be undrinkable a small etill could be supplied to every prospector at a cost of a few shillings. It is no use waiting for surface water to col lect, for the natural waterholes are few and far between, and the winter rains are not as a rule heavy enough to make the creeks run. The prevalence of typhoid fever has also prevented people from returning to Teetulpa itself, as health is more precious than gold ; but sanitary regulations are now enforced, and we may expect that in a short time Teetulpa will be as free from conta gious diseases as any other centre of popula tion. It is to be regretted that South Aus tralian capitalists are afraid of investing their money in the auriferous reefs in that promising place. They have lost eo much on mining ventures that is now hard to in duce them to try their luck again. We think, however, that most of the reefs at Teetulpa will prove payable if properly worked, and if enough ground can be ob tained by any one company to make it worth while erecting the proper appliances to carry on a mine on a large scale. Vic torians have evidently more faith in the raefs than have South Australians, and they do not appear afraid to invest in them. Niggeb Jubilee. — On Tuesday evening, May 24, a concert was given in aid of tbe Clare Brass Band in the Town Hall to a small but appreciative auditory. We ex pected to see a much larger gathering, but perhaps the hard times are responsible for tbe meagre attendance. The four corner men were amusing, and the singing and cboruBes of the company creditable and well received. The interlocutor was Mr. Jas. Work, jun,, 1st tambo Mr. S. S. Smith, 2nd tambo Mr. A. Bryant, 1st bones Mr. J. J. Byrnes, 2nd bones Mr. J. Inglis, pianist Mr. 0. A. Harder, let violin Mr. W. Corn is b, 2nd violin Mr. A. Bishop, tenor violin Mr. F. W. Smith, cornet Mr. A. Pryor, cymbals Mr. J. Work, and triangle Mr. S. Hallett. The following was the programme : — Overture, orchestra ; opening chorus, company; 'Belle of Mohawk Vale,' Mr. W. Motley; ' Massa sent a Jellygram,' Mr. S. S. Smith; 'Old Potomac Shore,' Mr. J. Work, jun; 'I hear the Banjo Play,' Mr. J. J. Byrnes; ' To the West,' Mr. J. Temperley ; ?? Ring the Banjo,' Mr. A. Bryant ; ' Gone are the Days,' Mr. F. W. Smith ; ' Julietta Bell,' Mr. J. Inglis; 'The Gal with the Blue Dress On,' Mr. S. S. Smith; 'Come, Darling, Rest your little Head,' Mr. W. Walmeley; 'Whoa I Emmal' Mr. J. J. Byrnes; selection, orchestra; ballad, Mr. W. Motley; nigger walkround, company; song ' Nancy Lee,' Mr. J. Temperley ; plantation scene, Messrs. Inglis and Smith ; comic song, ' The Awful Little Scrub,' Mr. F. W. Smith. The performance con cluded with a farce entitled, 'The Lawyer's Clerk,' tbe principal characters being taken by Messrs. J. Work, juu., and F. W. Smith, who kept the house amused. Messrs. Inglis and Pryor also carried out their parts successfully. 'God save the Queen by the Clare Brass Band finished the evening's entertainment. Glabb Corporation. — Owing to Tues day, May 24, being a public holiday there was no meeting of the above Council. SmorDB. — Mm. F. H. Voumard, wife of a farmer at Wirreanda, committed suicide by hanging on Monday, May 23. For some time deceased had been suffering mentally, and she committed the rash act during the temporary absence of her husband and family. Home Mission. — The annual Home Missionary meeting was held in the Wes leyan Church, Olare, on Wednesday even ing last. There was but a moderate attend ance, but considerably interests was evinced in mission work. Mr. W. Kelly, J.P., oc cupied the chair, and the report was read by the minister. It showed that the income of the Home Mission and Goatinpent Fund for tbe past year amounted to £891, and to wards that amount the Clare Circuit contri buted £30 17s lOd. The speakers were Messrs. Tbos. Moyses, T. E. Powell, and the Rev. A. Stubbs. The addresses were lively and effective, being interspersed with incidents illustrative of home mission work. The proceedings were enlivened by the choir. Annivebsabt. — On Sunday last the anniversary of the Wesleyan Church, White Hut, was celebrated. The Rev. A. Stubbs conducted service in the afternoon, and the Rev. H. Trewren in the evening. The church was crowded on both occasions. On Tuesday the usual tea was held in the church, and was well patronised, nearly all parts of the circuit being represented. This was followed by a public meeting in the evening, presided over by Mr. S. K. Walker. Stirring and appropriate addresses were given by Mr. Blight, and tbe Revs. A. Stubbs and H. Trewren. The financial results were highly satisfactory. The local choir rendered efficient eervice on both oc casions. Cable News.— The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies: — It is rumored that among the distinctions which the Queen contemplates conferring will be the addition of the Companionship of the Bath to Sir Henry Ayers, K.O.M.G., the President of tbe Legislative Council of South Australia. — Mr. O'Brien, continuing his tour in Canada, has reached Kingston, and was met by the most ferocious treat ment. He was mobbed by an infuriated crowd, who pelted him with stones and other missiles. Several large stones struck him on the chest and back. He succeeded in escaping, but was unwell during the evening, and fears that he Is suffering from internal bleeding. He declares that there has been among the Orangemen of Canada a deliberate plot to murder him, but that some of bis friends obtaining early intima tion of the details of the design warned him in time, and thus saved him. — The Crown Prince Frederick of Germany is at present suffering from a painful affection of the throat — the thickening of the vocal cord. Every attention is being paid to the malady, but the condition of the patient is now causing considerable anxiety in the Royal Family and throughout Germany generally. — The wheat market is hardening, although the demand is at presen t slack. The markets all over the Continent are reported as being firm, but American quotations, after a rise during the earlier portion of the week, are now receding. The quantity of wheat afloat is 1,630,000 qrs. The amount that is afloat for the Continent is 603,000 qrs. The ' Ghost' Stout.— Our Black Rock correspondent writes on May 24 : — It is but seldom that I have anything of a sensational character to communicate to you. But eince the 17th inet. the residents of this part have been in a state of great excite ment over the Yanyarrie and Cradock ghost story, the subject of it, the little girl Schultze, being brought here by her father upon the above date, in consequence of Mr, and Mm. Hamdorf's reluctance to keeping the child any longer. As I believe most of your readers have already read accounts of this most singular phenomenon, appearing from well-known residents of Cradock and other places, I need not enter very fully into the case. Sufficient has been witnessed here by many persons, myself amongst tbe num ber, to convince us thnt the reports appear ing from Cradock were not exaggerated, although unaccountable. Knocking has been heard here when the child was sound asleep, but she seems under some strange and powerful influence during the time the knocking continues, as her arms are restless, and her head rolls about from side to side. Having heard that upon touching her hair whilst in this state, tbe person bo doiu? would experience a shock as of elec tricity, I once or twice attempted this, but each time upon putting my hand close to her bead, without touching her, she gave a sharp spring in the bed to avoid tbe con tact, though etiil asleep, and casting her head about, sighing, and tossing her arms. As soon as the knocking, which appeared to be under the wall and close to the child's head, ceased she became quite calm, and her eleep natural. Shortly after the knocking ceased she was awakened, and asked several questions, but denied any knowledge of what bad transpired during the time ebe was under this strange in fluence. Mr. Rodegbiere, to whose place she and her brother have been taken by the father, has been very much annoyed by the crowds coming there to witneBB these mani festations. Though perfectly willing to give every facility, the house is often crowded to excess. The knocking is not heard regularly every night, neither does it come at the same time each night. The whole family seem very anxious to have the matter solved, and are perfectly willing to afford every reason able facility to any person wishing to in vestigate it. A neighbor of Mr. Scbullze's from Eurilpa, who knew the child well up there, informed me to- day that she has lately fallen away very much, although she etill seems to be quite lively and cheerful. Several persons who have eeen the child whilst under this influence cannot account for the statement given by M.-C. Shegog concerning this affair that the child was causing tbe knocks herself. I can positively assert that the child is subject to some, yet unaccountable, influence, and I trust the question may be Boon solved satisfactorily. Bicycle Incident, — A day or two ago J. Harmer, of Clare, coming down Inchiquin Hill on his bicycle met with a curious mishap. A cow was in the road quite oblivious or all mundane affairs chew ing her cud contentedly, and Harmer, not being able to stop his machine, came in con tact with the quadruped. The result was that the rider and bicycle were thrown over the animal's back, but, fortunately, the former did not sustain any very great in juries. The cow was astonished at the sudden concussion. 