PUKE - GOLD ! BY MRS. H. LOVETT. CHAPTER XXVIII.— (Cont/nwcd.) a 'nocturnal pbocestion. There was also, in front of Fenella, a 'clean .'.sheet of paper upon which she had written two ?A. words a, great many times over, and although . lio read them topsy-turvy, Mr. Whito was elever enough to see that these two words, . which repeated themselv.es over and over again * ? in iong rows, were nothing less than ' Michael Gale.' Miss Snow therefore was practising J ? „„,l ? ? ° This curious amusement for a young lady, . who was sitting alone with her lover, set Mr. '? White thinking, and his thoughts eventually resulted in certain actions, ivhich shall be re corded in due time. Late that night,, long after Oswald Power had retired to his bedroom — long after the old house keeper and her two maids, and the artist who was deaf and dumb, wero supposed to be steeped in slumber — there came a sharp i pebble flying up from the gravel walk, which ? hit- upong the window-pane of Mr. Power's room. Presently a stealthy step crept along the ' stone passage, and a small sidn-door, which led out into the garden, was noiselessly opened from within. A small, cloaked figure stepped . into the house from the white haze of the summer moonlight without. ' Fenella !' in a whisper, ' have you got ' Hush — have you a light there V' ' Yes, in the cellar.' The two figures crept cautiously along the passage, and a third figure, which they neither of them saw, came dodging after them, stealing along among the deepest of tlie shadows. Along the passages, across the stone-flagged liall, through the ancient dining-hall, that was ? - being restored, aud where the workmen's tools lay about, just as they had been left when the day's labour was over, crept that singular pro cession of three — first a man, then, close behind, a woman, and then, further oil' still, another who followed and watched. Stripes of moonlight, shining in through the narrow chinks of the shutters, lay in long, weird-like ? _.sireaks across the floor before each window of the silent house, and each muflled, shoeless form as it darkened for a moment these cold, white lines of light, seemed to shrink and .' Swoop more quickly past them into the shadows again. Then came the croaking sound of a key fitted into a heavy oaken door, which rolled slowly back upon its rusty hinges. The two foremost figures plunged down : wards into the darkness, the third followed more cautiously. Below lay the old cellars of the castle — cellars that had long lain empty and bare. ? A light shone below, the light of a partially shaded lantern placed upon the floor. The watcher drew back into an angle of the : winding stone staircase and waited. The other two had gone down below. As they stepped down upon the dank green flooring, an army of rats scuttled noisily away into the vast gloom of the darkness beyond, and nameless slimy creatures writhed and wriggled themselves into the chinks of the wet flags of stone. ' There is no safe hiding-place in the house but-this,' murmured Fenella, as she reached the lowest step ; ' that deaf and dumb man is Vtoi«o wnt.'p.li iia T hAlif?v#- Vioic in 'Vnlfinf.ino Eyre's pay ; he has probably got false keys to every drawer and cupboard in the place.' ' Well, false keys will not help him much ' here,' murmured Oswald, lifting up with some force a heavy flag of stone he had previously loosened. ' Let us see how it looks, Fenella, . j . now it is finished.' Fenella produced a long blue envelope from her pocket, and unfolded a sheet of foolscap paper. Oswald peered eagerly at it ; the two figures crouching down upon the floor, the two heads bent close together against the lurid glare of the lantern, threw strangely gigantic and ghost-like shadows over the dank stone ' walls behind them. 'By Jove 1 you have done it well ! How ? clever you are, Fenella ! But, all the same, I ' can't help hoping it will never be wanted — ' forgery is an ugly word, you know.' ' What a coward you are,' she retorted contemptuously. ' If it wasn't for me, you'd never have plucked up spirit to stand up for . your own; for it is your own, Oswald. By every law of right and justice the old man always meant that you should be his heir ; it is Valentine Eyre who is the usurper. You are only going to fight for what is your right.' ' But there is such a thing as fighting with f fair means.' ' Pooh ! all things are fair in love and war!' quoted Fenella : ' and have I not done it well 1 yHave I not been clever to fir.d out about those t«rr- /VI rl mpn wlm died in the almshouse in tho village two months ago ; they were great proteges of your uncle's. Everybody in the village knows that they came up often to the castle, and that he used to let them sit in his ? ? room and smoke their pipes, and hobnob with them over a jug of good hot strong grog. What is more natural than that an old ec centric man like your uncle should have got these two old men to witness the deed he had drawn up on the sly without his solicitor's ? knowledge 1 and who is to prove that this is not their writing ? Who ever saw a line that ?was written either by Abraham Bott or Jacob Symonds 1 Thoy had neither wives nor child ren; they had been for twenty years in the almshouses, aud 'they are both dead. See how well I have written those shaky lookiug names —all up and down, like old men would write 7.1. _ .1 ? ? ? l.,J Wn wno IlllU liwvm uuu o-iiy j-w, only difficulty hus been with your uncle's name, and I flattor myself that wiifu constant prac tise I have done it at last to peifection.' ' It's exact. I've had many a letter from him, and I could swear to it r.s his signature. You are indeed clever, Feiella. I wish I could feel less nervous over she business ; ib seemed easy enough to talk cibout it, but ' But me no buts, sir 1 but remember that I have an equal right to old Michael Gale's in heritance. Yon have taken a wife whose birth is doubtful ; whose fort lines are nil ; the only thing she is rich in is hor wits. By her ' wits, she means to restore to you the wealth that ought to bo yours. For my sake, there fore, lift up the slab, Oswald, and lot us bury our friend safely till we want him.' Oswald demurred no longer. With tho help of an iron bar he slowly lifted up the heavy flagstone, and Fenella laid Michael Gale's codicil beneath, carefully wrapping it up in a waterproof sponge-bag, lest tho damp should injure it. 'Chen they replaced the stone and did what they could to oll'.icc the traces of its having been disturbed, by pressing down the stone lichens and mosses back into their places around it. Meanwhile, the silent listener in tho nng'e of the stairs above had noiselessly retraced his footsteps. He reached the heavy door, and here, as he anticipated, fortunesmiled upon him, for Oswald, to whom this nocturnal expedition was a new and unaccustomed proceeding, had been guilty of an error which no careful house breaker would have committed. He had left tlie key in the cellar-door. To withdraw it from its place aud secrete it in his own pocket was the work of a few seconds, and then Mr. White- - or rather James Wright, as it will have been divined that he really is — concealed himself n&nin; in the gloom of the passage above. Presently the couple came up again from the cellar, and the loss of the kiy was instantly discovered. They had extingu ished the lantern, so that there was no other light save the faint moon-beams struggling in through a distant window. 'The key is gone!' exclaimed Oswald, in dismay. 'Nonsense— impossible ! You must have got it in your pocket ! ' ' No, I am certain I left it in the; keyhole.' ' It must have dropped out — it might have caught in a fold of your cloak and fallen upon the stairs.' Then Mr Wright heard 'them groping about on the staircase again. He had to wait silent and immovable in his corner for a long time. In after years he could not tell how, . during that night of watching and suspense, he ever refrained from yielding to the natural instincts of his existence. It was an indication of his devotion to the cause of . his patron that, al though his pockets were full, us usual, of nuts, he was not once guilty of putting one of them between his teeth. What di am- drinking and stick-whittling and bread-crumbling is to some men — that nut- cracking was to Jim Wright. After a very long interval, Oswald and Fenella gave up the search for the missing key. ' We must wait till daylight,' said one. ' It cannot be far off,' said the other ; ' and, after all, it does not matter much, for the cellar is never used, and nobody would thiuk of going to hunt in it for a codicil to a will !' Then they laughed softly together over their cleverness in discovering so admir able a hiding-place — and their footsteps died away along the passage, and wore heard no more, and the house became once more still, with the stillness of the grave. A long pause — then Jim Wright slipped out of his corner, and stole softly once more down the dank stone steps that led to the cellar. i Here, drawing a match-box from his pocket', he struck a line, and, within a very few minutes, he had uplifted the stones, transferred the hidden document to his owii pocket, and replaced the slab of stone exactly as Oswald had replaced ' it, with the n' esses and lichens carefully patted down into the chinks of the pavement. After that, lie h.id the key of the cellar-door just outside it in the passage, as though it had fallen there, and went up to bed, and fell soundly asleep. (To he Gontiwi' d.) 