THE CATHEDRAL'S SHADOW. Chapter XV. "wise as serpents." I walked steadily homeward, with plenty to occupy my thoughts. I could not help feeling anxious. I wish I could have gone with the others, and have seen for myself whether Mr. Fairholt would recognise the woman whom he was conveying. Knowing her, and having seen before how the passion ate love of her heart welled up even at sight of him, I could but feel that she was very unlikely to preserve the calm demeanour which she had exhibited when the party left. I tried to picture them. I felt sure that the ice must bo broken, and wondered whether her wordB or his would be the first to do it. It was too much to hope that a complete reconciliation should take place at once, but I was sure in my own mind that this evening would be the crisis in the lives of those three people so strangely thrown to gether. But heforo I had walked half the distance lying between me and my home, I was as tonished to hear Mr. Fairholt's oarriage rapidly approaching. "I waB hoping I should overtake you, MisB Swaisland," he said, as he sprang down and assisted me into the chaise. " Have you been frightened here in the dark, alone ? " . "Oh no," I said ; "I am not nervous, and a walk in the evening never affects me un pleasantly, ab I have heard it does some people. I did not expect you to return yet. How did the young man bear the journey ?" " I think it did not hurt him, though he groaned several times. I waited until the village doctor had been sent for, and then came away. Do you know this young monk? " " No, I have only seen him once or twice before." " Did your friend know him ? " I scarcely knew how to reply. " I do not know that she did," I said. " Because, if not, she must be very tender hearted. I never knew even a lady take such interest in a stranger before." " Sho is kind and affectionate," I said, and then, unable to restrain my anxiety, I said, " Did she tell you who she is ? " " Not she," he Baid ; she was taciturnity itself. She only spoke twice, and then she said the fewest possible words. She is quite a silent woman, a curiosity in her way. I should like to know her. Do you know, you ought to have introduced me ? " " I did not think of it ; how could I at such a time ? " " Well, I suppose I must excuse you. But lest you should grieve too much over your rudeness, I will be rude also, and ask you a question. Who and what is your friend ? It was so dark that I did not once see her face ; but I have thought she is the same lady whom once I saw at your door. Why do you not let us see more of your visitor ? Is sho a royal person incog., or is she a ghost, who occasionally comes out into the world, commits a few vagaries, and then quietly re tires behind the scones ? " \- I fancied— could I be mistaken ? — that there was a graver tone, a tremor of deeper interest behind all this banter a lightness. I wished I could know how to answer and what to do. I was on the point of saying, " She is your wife, Mr. Fairholt, who is truly penitent for having deceived you, and who loves you yet with all her heart ; " but I was not brave enough for that ; and besides, would he ever believe in her again, unless she left that Ohurch which had boon the whole cause of their grief and separation ? I was quiet so long, wondering what ans wer I could safoly make to Mr. E'airholt, that he noticed it, and presently said, "Forgive my rudeness, Miss Swaisland ; I had no right to ask Buch an impertinent question. Of course, it can be nothing to me that women, and even young ladies, can keep secrots when they wish." I tried to rally my scattered senses. " Even young ladies 1 " I said, with mock indignation ; " ah ! Mr. Fairholt, after Buch a challenge, you may be sure that even tortures would not wrench a secret from me. You are very ingenious, however, to imagine that there is a secret connected with my friend. And it is such capital practice for you that it would be a pity for me to break the spell, and toll you all about her." We soon dropped our banter — always such a safe way to take when we are treading the ground of daugerous conversation — and, during the rest of the ride we were very silent, save for an occasional remark about the weather or the scenery, whioh looked strangely oalm in the semi-darkness. When we roached our door, and he assisted me to alight, he said seriously, " Miss Swais land, will you not tell me who your friend is ? " " I cannot." " I know," he said, savagely ; " I was a fool to ask. I am a greater fool to care to know. Good-night." And he was off before I had time to speak . again. I think I have told you before that we never keep any secrets from our father. When, therefore, ho expressed surprise at my return so late and alone, I told him all that had occurred. He listoned in great silence, and then said, "Shall we call it a strango coincidence, or Providence, Mary? " " It must be the band of God," I said. " And if so it will all be right in the end. But I cannot help feeling very sorrowful at the thought of Mrs. Marah's great interest for the young monk, or whatever he is. It looks as if she had gone back to Roman Catholicism more strongly than ever. And if that be the case, a reconciliation with her husband is more hopeless than ever. " There is another motive for her kindness tothis boy," I said. "At present she has said nothing to me, and I have guessed every thing ; but there is a hope — a wild one, perhaps, and utterly without foundation — but there is a hope in her mind that this lad is the son, who was, as you will remember, re ported to be dead." " No 1 The thing is impossible." " Few things are impossible to those who are shrewd, and ciafty, and persevering." " But what motive could the man have in telling her such a lie, and in burdening him self or some one else with the task of bring ing up a child which was nothing to him ? I dare say a priest would be quite capable of doing this if any end could havo been ans wered by it. But as far as I can see, there is an utter absence of any motive. No, no, Mary ! Mrs. Marah's wits must be wool gathering this time." " We cannot tell," I said. " There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to wait and hope." The next morning I walkod over to see Mrs, Marah and her adopted oharge. She appeared glad to see me, but told me that the young man had been all the time prostrate and insensible, and thut he seemed even worse then than the night before. . " He does not know me," sho said ; "no light of recognition comes into his eyes, but I feel convinced that he is my son. I cannot tell where they have hidden him all this time ; I do not know why I never before suspected the lie which that man told me. Indeed, it is all full of mystery, but |I think I may say, 1 This my son waB dead and iB alive again, was lost and is found.' " " But if you are mistaken ? " " Oh, we will not think of that. I cannot be." " And if you are correct in your supposition, what then ? " " Then I shall claim my son, and no power on earth shall keep him from me." How we talk ! How strong we fancy ourselves to be I How little we know of our own weakness I But if anything in this world is strong, surely it is love. And Mrs. Marah could love so passionately that she almost forced me ta believe in her power. " If God will only restore me one of them," she said, melted to tears by the thought, " I shall never ceaBe to thank Him, and though I do not deserve it I hope it may be so." I hoped bo too. For, if only the good people, who deserve rewards, had the joys of home, and friends, and kindred, what would become of the rest of us ? " There will be a great outcry at the mon astery as soon as he is missed. Probably already inquiries are afloat. If there be any truth in my surmiBses, there will doubtless be applications at your house forme. If you. can avoid it, do not tell the questioners any thing about it. Mr. Fairholt will not volun teer any information ; and if wo are discovered, who knows but that I may be permitted to nurse my boy back to life ? " One at least of Mrs. Marah's surmises were correct. There was great consternation at the mon astery. What had beoome of the young, brother ? Into what strango pastures had he: strayed ? Or what evil beasts had devoured him ? One conclusion was speedily arrived! at. He must be found and restored to the true fold, and that speedily. Salad Dressing. — To one teaspoonful of salt wet with a little milk, add two eggsj.. well beaten, and half a cupful of weak vinegar (it can be diluted with water if necessary). Pour in. a small cupful of milk, in which two- teaspoonfuls of sugar have been dissolved. Set the bowl in a saucepan of boiling water, or on top of a boiling tea-kettle, and stir until it thickens like mustard. Use it cold. The evolution of the tomato is going on in a remarkable way. Not many years ago the fruit was mostly skin and Beads, but the newest variotios are almost solid pulp with very few seeds. Possibly, as in the caBe of the bananas, the soeds will yet disappear altogether, and tho plants will have to be propagated by cuttings. 