LOCAL AND^_GENERA.L. , MORANOOEBLL.—,Mr. ° Hairy Onsby ,VKwt. temporarytelegraphjetutioii mwterat Monaiigo;-eTI, his F bebn appornto3 ^and Ul^faf.li_;m^ter^t. tlipt place. / ' I r f ,- f : r, i liOOAi. LA: Life ©FlipE.—It'will b^T'omeifilieraa ihat 'when lafge^defalcktiAs'-were diBtdvefed nn August last in connection with •Ho^tovp.sdmiiystata of the ; Local Lands Office, Mr, G. S. Ridley, who had held various position in'the Lands Department e¥tpu4ing>yei\a,. pewduof twelve years, was appointed aotr" «»™i;at Young; the onerous ijWfiep 4ppeltff; „ - office he Jias .satwfuqtorily^^ulfilled, ,,up to,f|»e proseht'timc. . Npw, fio^eyf, fetthe ^nfnsion worse confounded "'which Mr/iUfllejf has' had the iiiienWuJjle task pi. Ecctifying, has been -(remedied, aU [ the. work\ of\ this, ^Sce regulatea |ty Jv methodical manner, the Jor sorie )neiplicable reason, has deemed it fit to give-Mv Ridley his cougi so far a? the local Und office is concerned, Mr. H.. J. JeffreyS, and agent at Molong, who, we believe, lias fiot held a position in the service nearly, BO long as hie to-be predecessor, liaving beeii' appointed to the charge of the Young' 'office. Surely merit should be rewarded in the Government service as in private firms, but. it; wprtA appear th^t such .a, not tl.e case? Wc havi Veen informed that _Mf. Bidlcy applied to be periiianeblly appbinted^ere, but His application was treated ia a> courteous. -'Of course it.is probtibleitha^ithP! high authorities in the Lands Department,migW-Jiavfi a. bettor .position in store,for Mr- lUdley,i_stUl. |.owcver, itis only natural tooxprcss surprise than au old officer, after having remedied.a.Imuddie_ ana put things in a ship shape fashion, should, at his own solicitation, have had so reasonable a desire as permanent appointment to the Young land oftce gratified: At all events; Mr' Ridley must lie considered a good officer ;«it'. ^t iioad head- quarters when the authorities .selected ,lii.n.t himtitp ito tRke take temp' tempnrary charge of an office tlie affairs of which had Rilley, on leaving town, willJiear away with hi the'beat wiahea oFalli.tiifiae;whp hEul^We^pieasnreof"knowing l.iih sbeiatly, and also of tlie numerous persons (who came in coutaotiwithl him iu; busipe^s matteni' BOBOUGH COUNCIL. —The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Borough Conned a full report^of whictt^Uappearlh Wednesday's ijMue, in the-Chamber ;pn Thu.-6day OTtninE,<fellf| e aldermen *iog pectotfSJW"S»nce8#s ordeifea-> bojragrncrt thffi omer for amendment, the ine Staff-several matters had apparently-bee ne^lS H him, he not l.sviug ••qiorfcd opou them! Opinions were aldcnhe* thitl/tl.'o>S«to/ pasted in f P? c |f ing hk dulii Hi.A^'uWlmvc to imake wa£ mure capablc offlccr. Several meters of interest were dealt with. A speoml meeting »' Council, for the purpose of considenng the annu.it aZsments, ha/been arrjingfd far Xli^^y feijt., 'LATINO A GuosT.-About two years yeah itgo iCgo a m-.rt iu the employ of Sir. Ikplate, a ftumerre311....?.r Crowthcr reported that he hud seen at night, moriug about in one of the pa.l'ocks a white ffgure of giant stature. Very little "ttent.on ^ paid to' the statement of tlje ir.an. who » » but from that ti.pe up to.Utoly the family mil 4m annoyed by frequent visitation of a sbnilar kind, varied oc^sionally by the appcara^ of a bright light moving ^bnut rn the saWe manner In the meantime tlip-^lace earned am" ^snpcrstitious-iHK.plc,,the-repnUt.cn of - but wrfi-se than this, a BtampcjW aria-somb of the-animals yere cnnplw}, ClltoSnte^bout through the stumps and fallca ttofer. ' iiowever, chdstajhave, suppose, only an allotted pcriocl of 6xistence, and the career of this one wa« destined to U brought to a close, and a rather ignominious oue toy . Mr.. Beplate, «l.o soems to have been .sceptical a? to the supernatu. ness of, the nb^turrial visiUnt, Wtlhiul often kept wateh iud ward in' the paddocks for the'.purposc of making acquaintance witli it. but lmd never bew able.to do so, was, a fow'weeks. mgiV iaroused frojn his bed, :to which he had just retirod.byt, galloping bf.theistocV in Hifc:paddock; The lio.n was early, and there was -no difficulty, in assistance; so, : desijatchbig: tlire? .men direction, Beplatc hunself took, anotbcr, J armed with the leg of a chair, went to seek ^ is uhostnhip, to n hose wl.oiealK.uts lie was guide.l by the appearance.of the bright light,.-and.in;»• short time came up with a figure clothed^ui wliit,.. Tw. in(.:Li»t,ime. ,the party of three lint .u the meantime, the party .approached the ghoit from an opposite, aide, an 1, attracting its attention, enabled .Beplatc to g-.'t close up to it before his presence was diBCoyerec I; but when thisihappened. the figure, in a menacing mannon, approached him with jirnis, o.itatcctelir I and raised aloft. : JJ.ut Bcplate.,wfls not to be daunted, and made lorthc.ghost, yfhich. ma mo,t cnair wi.iv.. — : , its assailant at tli^^amp. tiiue fiia5p|ug\tlie habilamenti and stripping them from the wearer, disclosed to View : tlni same individual who, t«o years before, had been the first to report having sceu t)ic ghost. A confederate, who «»a-,watclnlithe proceedings, partly sheltered behind a ,tree a short distance away,' managed to get' clta. ; but-the ghost has. since been all penitence, fearing a^flsecUtion, wMqh iftiiij.tictertlie rugan ought bo made to meet. _ PHCTVJX DBBATIKO""CLDD."—'The o'rBinary weekly meeting of this society was held in Hie clubs room at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday evening. Tlie vicc-president (Mr. C. W ngh ) occupied the chair, the other members present being Messrs. Hogg, Hour.., Smytlie, Hamilton. Slatycr, Jacobs, Worms, Kline, Forbes, Rcr-dy. Olift, and the lion, secretary (Mr. Pembrookvl, Messrs. Adam, Newman, and Hunter were present as visitors. The business of the evening was 'the resumption of the debate, " That the policy "I coercion proposed to be pursued by the liri is., government towar.ls Ireland is unjustifiable. Mr; Kline,• who was I lie first to speak on tne question,"ad'voc.it.ed t.li•; claims of the Irish to a certain amoiuil p(,co.isiileratinn on the part of tliii I.l.peria'l Gov-Ti.lncnt, and favoured a lnndilic.l form of l.oi.ie rnte. Mr. Forbes would coerce tl, •lisad'ceceil into a servile obedience, and won 11 crush iO.it rebellion and riot at any cost. M- Hamilton delated' upon the wrongs which ha been inflicted upon the Irish, and deseanted up . the prosperous state of the country before t, rebellion of '98. . He attributed the notings and disorder? to the :pernicious influence of a certu class of- sectarians, wlio were instrumental i; stirring up utrifti, with the unjust result tluft the non-aggressors were punished. He <lis-. countenanced any policy having the semblance-of coercion, and wbuld grant the Irish home rule. Messrs. Slatyer and Jacobs would stamp out' rarian and othfer crimes with an iron hand, an „i establishing law and order in the Emerald 1st would resort to any measures, no matter ho* Jiarsh,' to effect their purpose. Mr. Pembrooke argued' that as Home Rule was even admitted by opponents ;of ~c the .i.~ principle ..„„;„l„ to tn be Up inevitable, the sooner it was srranted ill a modified form with cood grace by the Imperial Government, tin better for the British Empire. Good govern inent, lie said, must rule through the consent ami goodwill of the people, but a different-state of affairs was to be found in Ireland, where tinmajority were discontented, and always would be with the legislation aud administration of the _ Imperial Government. He deplored the preva- lence of disorders and crimes in the country, lint thought the adoption of a_ eoneiHafc.rv policy would accomplish more tlmt was aesinible tJmn arrainst. The chairman gave his castingfavour" ~""of a coercive policy. Just after the division had been taken, Mr. Wall, who would have tlie opener, of *he>al{iba<fej»ntered the rlier, a ffirmed. Impromptu addresses'^'having - bocii anwuge'd;' the ^meeting jaeparated.;.I --. •' •; ; •• ,J: " CST. Jpus'sSDND^Y-ScncWci—'The annual dis'tri-' butfiou wf priwis" to' -the bellolara attending St. John's . C.E. Sabbath School was made/u the schoolroom 6n Tuesday Icveniug, 'in tlife presence/if ii large'uumlier of the pavectsnii'd ; friends;Tif the children. The room, was,uncomfortably crowded, and, several persons., were, ,unable;.to, gain, admittance. The ltev. MiVKiiigs'iiill, incumbent of St Joliu's/officiated 'as' iiliaii'lnan dtad presented: the prizes", and the ReVs. Mr."Edgar (Presbyteriin) and Mr. Hutchinson (Wcsleyan) were also presfjnt.' In coiihectiou with thi-'distiibution/bf the .prizes a juVenilfi iecular'iaiid-i'elifeioiiB Ipbncwt was held, -vrhich -seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by tlu| niuno/'oifeconipany. Thr« choipsesj-" Oldoolks aT hbinei" PBy-by, baby,"and^.Blornfc, sfceet home -Swefe VSry prettilylsuiig by a UumbSr. of girls, wlinun fresh youthful voices, blended most "Bv-by baby" chorus was specially interesting,: and 1 the.fchildish spU'it, ^hlih prevades it was thoroughly ' entered ' into 1 hjr a contingent 'of the'Uby ux -Fla.nbeaJiK-.rv yasj nj .faster Bediwt, tocni-llieljr, _pnlauB0, KfAst. did tWe'litttef Mr 'his renrtering, on the organ of symphonies from Mozart and R,ink. Miss Georgina Fishburn, who flftBHfl^i Iseveial occasions pleased her audiencjpi^tlji/ iiei' nol.n playing, delighted the company,l^y her rendering of "Santa Lucia," for which slid received a well merited encore:>• Tlie ytfuthful performer h^s as usual accompanied on the piano by Miss Caferatti.;.. Miss Tuckcr and the Misses EoScerson gave the fine old " Palermo Quadrilles S a pianoforte trio, and although the young ladie/efcecution •v.-kk excdlBnt^he'inst.umeiit was Tiat' sufficiently powerful to display the merits of. the,,sparkling,jnusjc 4n The jchool xiadren, who were pacted together like sheep in a fold, and ranged in ages froni three to fifteen yiars, plcksin'gly Satig som'c of faankoj and Mooilio'siBolos, fl.ccompiniea,on;t;l)c o«an by Airs. Metcalfe, who, with /Vuqker,, Jiad„ ^rfAUged the musical portion- of the piograinme. i-he prizes, which numbcrod nearly two hundred 'books,' carefully Belettod 'by iMossrs: AV. Semple tnd l'.-1'©. ! Buehanan.i it&e;J^pecilitendent and .aefi-etary... .re^gpetivisly. at intervals during ^P/,,the.,„school, .the evening, o the distributed recipient^' wferc' sfent' WoiJic WjbicliiB. Befi the company. Beparatedf. a sh liveredby.tWe Rpv. Mi'.lKini were lristilf given byTOiibil , , of .Mr. luckeH, ffoc ^atW ,gWtl<Spiau andithfe teachers, and the Nfttion'al Autheni was loyally sang. HiGHfAND GATKEBINO.^-A -new vdeparture sports has been announced for Queens Birthd tthen tlM» newlfcfoijhed Highland Society will hfajd j "geir iniuguraliiatherjng. ^Ehose wbo.Jiave mredl ui the^netromuis, Jor who^iave yisiteil Sydney, djiringilie GJitfsttnSi" holid(iye;„miistiantgly<3i»ve; leVit their -presence * to the monster attractive Highland gatherings which are annually held cither on the Association Cricket Ground or the AgricultunJ Society^ grounds, .and if^tJieyJiaye dfiie |o53heir visit finuSt ljaye c .«cen p ^itglily/. ehjAjMfle one. Tlie ehergetic eommitteS ^he nte organising the above are sparing no efforts to render the gathering, which will take place on the gentlemen' . district will don the picturesque Highland costumes. A very liberal programme of sports lias been arranged, comprising, foot-racing, .jumping, tossing the caber,' dancing, etc. The principal Ajrnnt \Ciil be,a blradidaf) footrace of 150 yards, for '/rises' <jf' £10/£4, and £2 In the evening a rr. f 1 1 -1. S11 in flio "Mnnllfltni»s vncalUt, i MiV IAi! iE<l wards,' iwhb6e'6ne inspiriting voice made him so general a favourite with \oung andienccs -on the oceasious- yl the . Fisnburn concerts. 1 .i. STOCK Rspolii.—K. 3. Allen and 'Co', [report ihaWng sold,' bri • account of Joseph. SVoodbridge, Growtl.or Creek, 700 mixed weoners. D. " on.U bridge, purchaser; and ou account eame ow oer, 50U wethers, E. Taylor. ,Ro«e ,Hill, piirelinser. Oil account Woodbridge Bros., lJendick Morrell, 1000 wetbc.a,, li. T<vyJor, purchjsQr- On account Geo. Cui-fy,/- Star .hill, 1250T: eici®, JAlin I Mackenzie, Gundibcndai, purchaser. jOn account John ^orbes, IJWppy Valley, '750 wetlict^,' Joshua' Beats™, UJemiick Morrell, pnroh'aBc'r. Cattlbi.'On account w; T O'Connell, Victoria Hill, 27 head cittle Goolagong, 50 ;head cows am}, calves and H hen'l yearlings, mise'd sexes, (3eo. McLaughlin, T1iu;l^ dungra, purchaser. Land : "On ; account John Bonnpri the Mount Pleasiuitcstate, comprising 323 aci cs C.P. land, ,ilso cattle, and horses, Geo. W. Viekcrs, p.irchaser. The whole of the above were quitted at satisfactory figures. The sheep market continues very active,'and we liave'many enquiries for nil classes, biit^inore'especially wethers of any OtlSTRITCTJON IJT TIIE ASSEMBLY. —A deal of dii cussion has, it is said, taken place amongst some of the Government supporters and also amongst some prominent-.members of the Opposition, with regi'i'il to the tactics of one or two members of Parliament who obstruct the business. Sir Henry Parkes, doubtless remembering the tactics lie, and bis satellites pursue. 1 last session, |is reluctant to introduce any measure that would tend to the curtailinent of the prinleges.now enjoyed ;but should the obstruction continue the Government will introdnee the cloture rules of the House.,of Commons, and it Wjbelieved that a large.majority of members will agree to them. LIABILITY or STOCK AND STATION AGF.STK. —An important case respecting the liability of stock J)).!, station agents was tried at the Supreme Court ^.t Denilinuin on Monday and Tuesday, the parties being John O'Brien, selector, of Corec, against Braftn) Toi#soiiT«nd,Pavidson,'. stock and station aVeiits; of- 1 DeniliqViin, Wagga, and- Hay. Ilnclaim was for £1000., drising .out of the .sale ni sheep:' In 1885 O'Brien put 2000 sheep in the agents' hands for sale. • With O'Brien's consent the sheep were .sent,to Hillston for sale by an agent named Stewart, who sola to M'Lean and I'.ew, ot Euabalong" Station.' The conditions, primarily, were four months on approved bill. M'Lean and Frew's bill, without endorsement, was taken by Stewart, and forwarded to Brai.il (is ,tbe principal ageut in'tiie sale. Previous to the Sale, htewart cousiiltcpl the Joint Stock Bank at Forbes as to the stability.of the purchasers, and got what lie considered a favourable reply. Before the bill matured the bank closed on M'Lean and Frew, and the station was sold. The bill was handed by Braiin to tlie vendor in due course, and nothing was said about. responsibility ; until it was dishonoured, when a claim was made for the amount. Braiin repudiated any responsibility,, ano hence-the. action, air: Gohen, instructed by Mr. Edwards for the defendants; and Mr. Pennefather, uistriicta;l bv Messrs. Casey and Halloran, for plaintitt. H.s Honor put the issues to the jury as lollows :— Question : Did plaintiff agree to the employment of Stewart to carry out the sale and approve of the bill wholly aud solelv on .his own responsibility ? Answer: No. ; 2. Was'tateiVart' the sub- agent or co-agent of defendants ? Answer : Co-agent. 3. Was Stewart ?u'ilty of negligence in -taking tli<; bill' ArisWer : Yes: 4: Did plaintiff, after taking the bill, take more than a reasonable time it- .approving^it,? Answpr;. Yes. 5. dufe notice of I dishonour.. gir«). .'by lOJIJfien ";to the defendants ? Answer-: Insufficient evidence to prove this On these findings Ins Honor directed file jurv to find a verdict for the defendants, with leave to the plaintiff to move tlic'Full Court to enter flic Wrdict for liim'on the findings for the, full amount 