Our Paris Letter. rmost otrn own connKsroKDENT.1 April 2. The raoro. rohablo tho mtelligonoo reooivod about Russia and tho ?; Russians tho ino'rd it is conilictiug, nnd tho moro eonfused becomes our knowledge. At tho present moment ovoryono wants to know what is passing inside tho Czar's head — is ho for peaco or war: is ho a free agent, all autoorut though ho bo? Who aro - the conslitutioimlistsiiind 'are thoy on speaking terms with tho nihilists? Somo ' oyowit ncsses' swear by tho 'Nova or statue of Potor tho Great that tho Czar and his wife drivo through thostreotsof St. Petersburg in a simplo ? slcelge, like ordinary mortals), to shop, to visit au hospital or a school. This recalls a time when tho papers announced, respecting Louis Phillippe — tho best-pottod-ai sovereign of his day— 'His Majesty ro-eutered tho Tuilerius after his constitutional without any loving sub ject having a bhizo at him.' Matters, however, aro not so cheery whon tho Emperor patronises railway travelling. The lines he has to run over have, at evnry t.'UTC -]uariers of n mile distances, a little bnrraok or blockhouse accommodating 100 men and com manded by three oflioers; the house is half sunk in the foil ; bun-owing seems to bo a trait with the Slav. Tho intervals between tlio blockhouses cim bo swept, by thoriflo half a mile round. jh addition to infantry there aro cavalry patrols. As every passing train i3 sup posed to contain tho Czar all tho soldiers have to (urn out and present arms cither to a goods train with n few enrringes or a swallow express. Ak the Czar rails to Outsohina nota nihilist nor a suspicions platelayer can como within 100 yards of tho lino. During Lent -all theatres close in Russia, save the circus. It is not precisely clear how tho orthodox justify the distinction. However, Molii-rc nflinus there aro accommodations with heaven. The popular pantomime at tho St. Petersburg eireim brings Germany, England, and France into the arena. Bismarck is mado up to life in his uniform of white dragoon on n Belgian dray horse, snggestivo of tho Heidel berg tun loaned out to a brewery. Tho audience hiss and hoot tho prince, whe ridos as majestically away as the Cid, or say tho ghost in Don Giovanni, amidst u shower of roasted potatoes, kopecks— for browns are plentiful still in Kussia— and oranges That is hotrod, and symbolises ihe unpopularity of tho Germans. A Cook's excursionist, perhaps with his return ticket expired, impersonates England. John Bull is simply jibed and jeered T ho faces tho stonn with the yellow grin of the unpopular candidate moving constituents on hustinifs day. Next arrives a pretty caiitiuicrc, with tricolour jupuns and Muscovite favours. Sim is bewitch ingly graceful and coquette, nnd | naturally brings down tho house. Bismarck and John Hull aro nowhere in the competition with lovely woman. Franco has only to keep ?her purse strings well closed, not bo cajoled into loans for Russian railways, flirt with all nations, prie Dim ft tienl ra pomlre seelir, and s-ho can ride out nil rough weather, no matter from what quarter the winds blovr. In addition to its ordinary lively attractions, the Chamber of Deputies now includes a ' boxing day.' Count do Maillefew and M. Saus Leroy were members of tho same Parlia mentary committee. Ono accused tho other of being a humbug : soon the polite conversation ran into the ' YouVe another ' stage, and ultimately there was an appeal to arms, when M. Sans Leroy received a 2' surprise ' in the shape of two lovely black eyes. The comte in tho be.-:t descended family man in France, can trace his pedigree back to Verce gc-torie or Hugh Capet, without a flaw, and yet he is the most extreme Republican in the country. His temperament is so excitable that tho slightest opposition sends him into tho straight-jacket phase. Apart from this, \w is a right good fellow, and would shnro his last crust with his bitterest foe. Having violated tlie rules ejf the House, ho bowed to thft law, and entered tho underground drawing-room prison till tlio public prosecutor has him condemned to it fmo of 200 francs. In England, recalcitrant deputies are incarcerated over-ground, in a tower, with Big Ben for a musical box. In France, 'solitary' confinement, with hosts of visitors, cigars, and cognac, is subterranean. Prince Pierre Bonaparte was tho last, and first representative who used his fists to cleunli his arguments. This was in 1S4S, so that peculiar and un -Pickwickian manner of polish ing olf an adversary is rare in parliamentary annals. Tho authorities have had to give way on their spasmodic application of the now law against betting. The pastime or vice has taken too firm a grip of the French to be ox tiipated in 21 hours by a charge of tho light brigade racecourse police, led even bj- the commissary swathed in his red, white, and blue' scarf of ofilco. As well sup press lotteries in Italy, and gamb ling among Orientals. unable- to crush horse-belting, tlio Government has resolved to become itself guarantor for play. Henceforth, betting will be truly official. Whoever wishes to try his luck to tho extent of n louis or a franc, more if the gambler wishes, as tho pool is unlimited, has only to pay in his sum to a licensed agency, select his horse, rennivo u ticket, nnd if he has hit ou a favourite his dividend will be /in ratn lo his stake. Ten i-2i- cent, will be .struck off his wiuuiiii.'.s, to en courage the breeding of horses in Franca — iu the name of tho prophet, figs ! — and also to make tho po-n- comfortable. Whenever au outsider wins the whole pool will become the vropi-rty of the 10 per cent, iutero-ts. Before M. Grevy accepts an invitation to dine out, or to a ball, tho old state of things will be re ilom-ii Mug, with the; third republic patronising gambling on Iioi-mik, us Monaco doe.', on rednu'i black. There is liopo now for tho bull-fights. From tho Stock Exchange to thimblo-vig niul the three-cardei there is a scale of excitement ndinirably adapted for the uppar and lower social tens.' I'ootn have lisid a blow out at tho Academy. Their man, M. Leconto do-Lisle, was received to occupy the vacant fautouil of Victor Hugo. M. de Lisle dusted the poet's memory with cho choicest words in the French dictionary, and 51\. Dumas', flJp, replied to the admiration essay of M. de Lisle. It was a raco between the two who coulel fluimnerise heaviest tho departed hard' Not much of Hugo's immense literary baggage will go down to posterity. Dumas shrewdly suspected this, as ho invited atlionoincrs to discover a now star, nnd dub it it Hugo. Juliet wished lo have Romeo, when ho died, made into little start) to cut out tho gnri.-h sun. Dnmas owes Shakcspoaro si chalk. France had n mkil king, and why not a sun POL'I ? Ill Maih-id tho bull-fighting season opens simultaneously with Italian and other operatic establishments, and that is now. While sub scriptions for scats to tho first have reached 250,000 frillies, tho amount of cash paid in mlTimco for lyrical pleasures is us limited as for fharcs in a gold mine salted with nuggets. Then tho circus has three terror bull stickers, v,?io— Psitti excepted— aro tho best paid artistes ou any stage. For a siiccesul'ul ' prod' at a bull at Iho psychological moment Mazzsitini re ceives 5,000 franco. Nolaton, tho colobruted purgcon, nover received moro than 3,000 francs for cut ting off a leg or removing a dis ruFctl bone from tho kneo pan. Curious situations : Princo Hohonzollorn was present at tho biniquot given by the German ambassador at Madrid in honour of tho 00th anniversary of his sovereign. This wus the prhico who escaped reigning over the Spaniards, but causied tho 1870 war between Franco nnd Germany. As a sot off, the Due elo Aostn, who did reign over tho hidalgos for s-omo mushroom period, was, as dclciriite of It.'.ly, drinking tho Emperor's 00th birthdnyat Berlin. Thoprescntqueen-regentwas not in her teens when her two rivals wero trying to rot up in the Spanish royal business. Her Majesty — a hint t'or young mothers — passes the few pparo moments sho has in photoing hen-elf, her baby and king, und then weighing him in silver scnlcs. Sho deol.irod to a friend ho has 'never been fonud wanting.' In lady society at Madrid, quite a revolution has tukon placo in Berlin wool-work. Instoad of oats, dogs, nowerfl, &c;, serving as domgns, a skotoh of s-omo simplo, current ovunt is immortalised in wool. IMk is a compliment tn -Bajoux tapestry. Samplers will again become historical documents. ; . . ' ' Everything, it ; is, said, happens) in Franoo. Only fancy the goods ana chattels of a very close h-hitivb of tho ox- queen : of Spain hivvihg been eold' in' the' yard of ^th'o public auction' mnrt fordobt. ? Tho stioksi woro not insiny.' All had tho mark of royalty— orowns andliUoe.1 A tobacconist bought an armohairfor 18 francs, in whioh crowned heads 'roposod,'.' for. his old mother.. . Tho throno-fnutonil .of Louis XIV. was converted, by an eccentrio' duke into a nightchnir, and still exists. A loading dorai mondinn inserted in a ilowor vase, and a 'liveryman,' not from London, but Marx's stables, bought u collar of tho GoldonFloooo for 20 francs. lie- wore- it going home, was foHovvod. by a few small boys, nud was temporarily: arrested for oxhibiting soditious emblems,, calculated lo excite diaoreler. ? . ? ? ?; ._? ' ? Prnnjrihi'.s arrest has not.yot led' to tho dis covery of tho murder of tho throo victims of tlio Ruo do Montuiguo. Jowellory belonging to tho murdered woman Iris been found in his possession ; beyond this tho ohargo has not ad vanced. The whole matter is drifting into speculation and mystery. Somo funny folks Hcom to consider tho occasion as suitable to play practical jokes on the police. Comfo do la Gnmdiero bolouged to tho marines, from which ho deserted, and was pmi ished. Next ho turned swindler, nnd made money for a time. His specialty was to declare1 he belonged lo fushiouablo society. TIo elo ninnded to view all the first-class furnished apartment's which wc-ro to let, and manage!, while viewing the rooms.- to prig somo vnliinblo liiMof as a souvenir. He came round a b:iron, and agreed to t-.iko ovor his rooms for 2-'i,000 francs a year. After verbally accepting con dition.', ho and tho baron 'swore au eternal friendship ; proof — ho lent tho count HO francs out of his pookot-book, stulfed with bank notes ; more, tho harou invited him to pass ihe night in his apar incut. In the mom ing, just as the baron was gotting up, Iho cointe ('iimo to tako leave. He wanted to give his notary instructions to prepare the lease nnd pay rent in advance ' By- tlic-by, baron, does your bath work well ?' Capitally, dcurco-.ntu, come and see.' Both entered the bathroom; the baron undressed and jumped into his zinc tub. The comto went to his clothes, snatched tho pockot-book, nnd bolted, not forgetting to kick the door. Tho baron escaped by another rail, und, naked and dripping, gdvo chase. The count screamed ' Murder !' ' Madmau !' Tho baron was stopped by his own servants us a lunatic. Tho more ho struggled to get to the street the more firmly he was held. But when his case was known tho comto was uowhero. After tho money was all spent ho returned the empty pocket-book to its owner. This supplied a clue. The comto wns arrested while in tho act of writing religious letters, soliciting assist ance us a persecuted convert. Ho was sen tenced to fivo years' imprisonment. The baron has taVcii down the bills as to his apartment being to let. A cashier, aged 50, and father of- throo children, attempted suicide in an hotel at Uoucn, just after ho arrived in his room. Ho lodged fivo revolver balls in his body. A waiter came to inquire what was wrong ; receiving no reply, ho opened tho door ; tlio unfortunate and bleeding travcllbrwns occupied trying to hung himself ' Garcon, bring me a, good butcher's knife, I want to finish.' Tho waiter brought, a doctor and the police. On his way to the hospital, whero ho expired after arriving, the man tried to suffocate himsolf with a handkerchief. Ho stole money to cover a gambling debt. Merlatti isntprosent, relatively, as fat as when ho was tho fasting skeleton. Quito a battalion of food purveyors advertise that it was owing to Jlcrlatti patronising their speciality that ho has become us stout as a prize sultana. The French Government Will allocate over 1,000,000 frmes per month to .subsidise their mail packets to the east and Australia. Every thing connected with tho service must bo French. The boats will not oxactly go tho length of declining to carry foreigners' goods. In the passage to Australia a gain of three days over all rival packet companies is to bo ' secured. An ingenious machine has been presented by the inventor to the blind asylum. By it a blind man not only can print the letters in re lief eo as to read t nem with his fingers, but tho same type prints tho siuno matter on au ordinary sheet, ill1 paper, for 'the eyes of friendly corrc Kpondents. The telephone companies only charge half-price for thoso blind, and on their subscription list. ' The French army counts three marshals — aged each nearly 74 — Macniabon, Canrobert, and Lchcuuf. There aro 300 generals, of whom Jicgi-icr is ono of tho youngest, aged ?17 ; of tho total of generals, 21 have risen from the ranks. Cruel 1st of April joke: On tlie Placo de la Concorde- is a statue, emblematic of Stras bourg, and in mourning sinco January, 1871; at some distance is tho obelisk. A blind man begged a passer-by to lead him to tho Stras bourg statue ; instead, he was found before tho obelisk, indulging in patriotic wishes that it' would soon bo rejoined to France. 