FICTIOM. From Euglltli, .tiuerlcnu, mid Oilier Periodic»'.«. THE SECRET CHAMBERS. CHAPTEPi, LU. LOST. After the supposed death of Lena Dudley, Eleanor Trowbridge gave way to sadness and mourning ; but it is not natural for the young to always grieve, and after a little time the girl began to see that it was better for her friend to die quietly in her bed than to live out a fe« more dreary -weeks, and then perish miserably On the scaffold. And in these dark clays oE her sorrow over the young girl for whom she had conceived so strong an attachment, Eleanor found great comfort in the presence of her lover, Vance Harley. She was domiciled with Miss Vanvelt at the house of tlie heiress, and there she would remain njnfcil her marriage took place. Vance began to get importunate. He had waited a long time, he had had some unexpected suc- cesses in a business way, and his circumstances now warranted bim in taking a wife. True, he might not be able to maintain her in the princely ?way to which she had been accustomed while at Clitheroe, but he had an income sufficient for all reasonable wants, and Eleanor knew that she should bo much happier in a cottage than she had ever been in the gloomy and ghost haunted halls of Clitheroe. ' So it happened that at last the wedding-day was fixed, and a pretty little cottage on the outskirts of Marlboro was being got ready for the reception of Vance Harley's bride. It was a bright night in spring when the young couple walked out to the Lindens, as their intended little home was christened, and beneath the light of a full moon they explored the grounds, and rambled through the neat and pretty rooms, and sat on the broad, vine-covered piazza, and looked out across the distant expanse of the land- locked bay. Everything was in order for the coming of the mistress. There was a comely maid-servant for general work, a cook who knew the secrets of many a dish which was fit for the palate of a king ; there was a watch-dog in the kennel, a pair of handsome ponie3 in the little\table, and a groom to attend to them. %», There was even a blakk and white kitten dozing on the window-ledge, for Vance had not been unmindful of the old saying that a young couple, to be prosperous in life, must never set up house- keeping without ft cat. The dainty rooms wore furnished with taste and a view to comfort, and their friends had sent in many artiges of luxury as tokens of their good will. Eleanor's fortune would have warranted them in much moro pretentious style of living, but Vance Harley was proud, and he had not yet arrived at the point where it was easy for him to think of accepting anything from a woman except her love, and lie refused to allow Eleanor to contribute any- thing in a pecuniary way towards the establish they were to call home. " To-night they sat a long time on the piazza and i talked those silly nothings which all lovers have talked, from Adam and Eve downward, and found it pleasant employment. The mists came up from the river and whitened the meadows, the light, soft breath of the spring- time blew down from the distant hills, and the whip- poor-will sang his plantivc song in the marshes. J " Eleanor," said Vance Harley, holcVng her hand in his, "life looks very sweet and fair to us. I wonder if we shall alwayä see it thus ? I wonder, dear, if you will ever cease to love me ?" " And what if I did ?" asked Eleanor, jestingly, looking into her face with her soul in her eyes, v " I should go mad," he ciied, fiercely, " or should die, I do notjsnow which." "Oh, no. you, would not, Vance. But such a thing as that can never happen. I shall never change. I may die and go buck to dust, but I shall love you still." He folded her silently to M3 heart, and as they stood there together, wa s it a fancy, or did they really hear the soft echo of a mocking laugh from the depths of the shrubbery ? Eleanor started and listened "with a blanched cheek. " What was that ? Did you not hear something there in the lilac bushes by the fountain." "!tis the servants in the kitchen, dear," said Vance. "Don't go to getting nervous, Eleanor. Tou lived so long at that ghostly old Clitheroe, that you fancy phantoms are everywhere. There must be no ghosts at the Xindeiis to frighten the wits ? out of my little wife." " But I certainly heard something-" "I will go and investigate. If any poaching tramp is invading our princely domains, he shall pay dearly for it," said Harley, playfully, attempt- ing "to reassure her, for she was trembling violently. " No, no, you shall notgo ! you shall not leave nie^ I must have been mistaken. I am very nervous; It is late too-let us go home." " Home ? This is home, Eleanor." " J know it is to be, but Augusta will be wonder- ing. Hark ! the clocks are striking ten." Vance wrapped her shawl around her shoulders, and they went down the gravelled walk to the gate He turned and looked back at the quaint little house, every window of which was now ablaze from the reflection of the bright moonlight on the glass. «It is a pretty house-a pleasant location, Eleanor : and in one little week please God, it will be , my home and my wife's home. Do you realise it, ^sS'estled closer to hi. side, and he took Ida "StSrat^door of Miss Vanvelt'3 stately ' house, and went whistling away towards the town. HT happy-t-.wroughly and intensely happy, as fis^rSsU g1«» once iu a lifetuneiot".man to be-he ¿ad prospered, henad won the woman he lovol-hislife spreadoutbeforehimftur and sunny, «.broken by a single threatening cloud. But that night his dreams were troubled. He started up continually, fancying that he heard the voice of Eleanor call his name, but only the low whisper of the wind in the trees outside his window« I and the monotonous plaint of the whip-poor-will greeted him, when he had aroused himself to wake fulness. " I am getting as nervous as any old woman," he said, impatiently. " I shall be dozing with skull cap and valerian soon. Of course, Eleanor is safe. Why do I dream that she is not ?" . And so he tossed about till morning, and awoke unrefreshed to find a boy who had ridden over from Miss Vanvelt's, waiting for him. Harley took the note the boy gave him, with a cold, strange mis- giving at his heart. It was in Augusta's handwriting, and ran thus : " Mit. HAMLEY :-I do not wish to alarm you, but something very strange has occurred. Eleanor Trowbridge is missing. Inclosed you will find a note addressed to yourself, which was left on her dressing table. Come over at once and seo if you can help me solve this painful mystery. '* A. VANVELT." Harley tore open the envelope which BI1S3 Van volt had inclosed, and read what the note contained. Ho read it twice before he clearly comprehended its contents. "MR. VANCE HARLEY Í- I write to say that our engagement is at an end. I ask your pardon for having played with you so long, but Marlboro is a dull town, and one must have some excitement, I have gone with the lover of my life-time, and I shall be happy, as I trust you, also, will be. Good-by, ELEANOR TROWBRIDGE." Vance Harley crushed the letter in his hand with a smothered oath, "It is false-utterly false," he said, hoarsely.. " Eleanor Trowbridge never wrote that letter, p is like her handwriting-it is near enough to dec*ve an expert but it does not deceive mo. The .Chole thing is a vile conspiracy. But where-oh/ where is my darling ?" ? He rode over to Miss Vanvelt's house ia hot haste, and conferred anxiously with its mist'OSs. Augusta was pale and distraught. Her story was very simple, and not calculated to throw much light on the matter of her friend's strange dis- appearance. _ She had not gon/Jp bed when Eleanor returned on the previous nwit. Their chambers adjoined each other, with n door between. Eleanor . had come into Augusta's room, and talked while unbraiding her hair mid preparing for the night. She had spoken of ¿he Lindens, of the happiness she anticipated t'/ero, and had told, in a frightened ways, of the mysterious laugh she had fancied she heard in fclje lilac bushes. " There ./there," Miss Vanvelt had said, "pray do not go to fancying that the Lindens is a haunted house, as you fancied Clitheroe was. It will destroy your comfort there if you get any such idea into your head." " But Clitheroe was haunted," Eleanor had re- plied. "Only by a gang of outlaws, and by a poor, un- fortunate nioraan who was no more a ghost than you nor I, dear. Eleanor you must positively see a doctor and get his opinion j you are nervous and out of tone. And Eleanor had laughed and kissed her, and gone to her own room, and Augusta had seen her no more. Her bed had not been slept in 5 her snowy night- dress lay on the pillows just as she had laid it out for the night, and the sealed letter which had been sent to Vance Harley was on the dressing-table placed conspicuously, so as to attract immediate attention. And further than that Miss Vanvelt knew nothing. The servants were questioned, but they could give no information. They had heard nothing un- usual through the night. Only one of them had been awake at any time during the dark hours, and that one was old Peggy, the deaf laundry-woman, and nobody believed her when she asserted that she had heard a carriage drive rapidly over the bridge about midnight. The old woman stoutly maintained her assertion, but the others laughed at it, for it was well known that, aside from the " rhumatiz," old Peggy's worst complaint was " a kind of rumb- ling souud|in her hoad all the time." But when Michael, the gardener, carne in, and, with indignation swelling his breast, told how he had found the trusty watch-dog with his throat cut clear across, and that there were fresh tracks of carriage wheels o'n the gravel at the east side of the house, it began to dawn on the minds of the listeners that perhaps old Peggy's rumbling of a carriago over the bridge had not been altogether a matter of hei imagination. Under Vance Harley's directions, the house and grounds were strictly searched, but nothing new was discovered, except that beneath Eleanor's window the dialing rose-bush had been torn from the trellis some one had obtained access to her room. " It is Jack Belford's work," he said to Augusta, when the search was over. " I have always ex- pected lie would give us trouble, but I never dreamed of anything like this. He had set his heart on winning Eleanor, and he had her brother's sanction, I am wrong to say anything to wound your feelings, Miss Vanvelt, l»ut these two were a precious pair of scoundrels." " Let the dead rest !" said Augusta, haughtily 5 " it is only with the living that we have to do. I have been told that this Belford had gone to the far West, and that it was not likely he would dare show his ljead in Marlboro after that sad affair of Poor Carrie Conroy." " Dare ! He would dare anything to carry a point!-and you know he threatened Eleanor?" " Yes ; but I took it all at the idle bravado of a disappointed lover. In thi3 nineteenth century men do not seize and carry off women for their wives against their will. May there not be some other reason? May it not be, as Eleanor says in her letter, that she has gone with some other suitor " Stop ! Ton are saying what *îs unworthy of you, and what it is cowardly in me to listen to. Eleanor was pure as the snow. She never had an evil thought. And she loved me. I am as sure of her as I am of myself. Whatever has happened to her, she has been the victim of some atrocious plot. Good Beavens ! und I am sitting hore) prating while, perhaps, she may be suffering-dying even, for the help I am powerles3 to give lier !" Harley started up, seized his hat, and rushed out. He went first to the prAce station, and stated the circumstances. Tom Sharkey was there,' and listened with interest. " A carnage driving across the bridge just after midnight ?" ho said, reflectively. "Yes, your old woman was right-a carriage tlid drive aeross the bridge just after midnight. I heard it myself. I was out taking a couple of fellows in custody who were drunk and disorderly, and I heard that carriage. It was just before the elocks struck one. It took the Pearl Hill road. It may be a clue. I will note it down." He made an entry in his memorandum-book. Then Vance Harley mentioned the suspicions he had of Jack Belford. The policeman pricked up his ears. " Belford is a rare bird. He is wanted on several countfc hut wo have never got evidence enough to ¡ arrest him. There never was a keeeuer, shrewder villain on the footstool than he is. "Wo heard of him lastat the Nest, but it is not far across a conti- nent for a man like him. I am inclined to pay heed to your suspicions of him." " I think you may," said Harley, " and I want you to spare no pains of expense to discover this young lady. Meanwhile, my whole time will be devoted to helping you. You may not, perhaps,'' think much of what I can do, but I shall work with & will. Then Vance Harley departed and began his tire- less quest. How long and how dreary it was to be ho did not dare to conjecture, but he said /ùi him- self that until Eleanor Trowbridge was fount^ he would give himself neither rest nor peace. The cotfage at the Lindens was kept just as it was when it was made ready for the reception | of its mistress ; the servants stayed on in the kitchen, the horses waited in the stable, the flowers blossomed in the garden, and the master wandered back and forth over the country on his quest ; but still there carne no tidings of the lost girl. Tlie good people about the vicinity shook their heads sagely, and said that an evil eye was on the Trowbridge family. The curse of the father's sin had fallen on the children ; the son had perished by the hand of violence, and now the daughter had disappeared ; and it was more than likely that she ipo, had met with some terrible fate. And the police worked, and put detectives on different clues, and still nothing more was ever heard ofthe mysterious carriage which had rumbled aAoss the bridge just after midnight of that fatal night which Vance Harley so well remembered. 