Oddities in Wilis Simple a matteraa it really is, lawyers have not always been successful in drawing their own,wills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan cellor of England, who ns, Edward Sugden, was the mo3t eminent chancery lawyer in England, and who, with a number of law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an expensive lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro per effect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him self, met with the same fate. I could give many similar instances/ There have been devises to animals or for their benefit which have been valid to eats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un frequ ally people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has several items of that kind —for instance: “ I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make this legacy willingly because I know that ho will faithfully dis charge it unto the poor. Item—I giveiup the ghost.” Lord Bacon had no property to leave, but he left a regular executed will, in which he bequeathed his name and memory " to men’s charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages.” Shakespeare left an elaborate will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakspearcr.ns not a little. "I give unto my wife mvEeoond best bed, .vith tl>c furniture.” Why did he only give Ann Hathaway his second best, and not his best bed? Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country accepted the legacy, and they both entno to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legacy to a wretch named Chatillon, who had at tempted to assa=sinato Wellington. The will of Rabelais hr.3 this clause: “ I owe a great deal; the rest Igive to the poor." His last words when dying were: I go to see the great Perhaps.” A famous French abbe had thi3 pithy clause in his wili: ‘-To my steward I leave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years.” It i3 not unusual for a man to leave all his j property to his wifo, with the proviso that if sho marries again she is to have only what the law allows her. I have drawn a number of such willB. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife bo. He had married very late in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman much younger than himself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case she married again the income should bs'doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncupative will—that is, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may bo dis posed of, but you, being a civilian, must make yours in writing. It don’t matter much what the writing is on—it may be on a “late, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should bo on paper or parohment. You may write it and sign your name in pencil if you like, but it is bet ter to do it inl£ You may make your will in Choctaw, if you happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet says: “ be writ in the choic est Italian”; you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you leave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even that is permit ted, ns the following case of a valid win shows: I give and bequeath, When I’m laid underneath, To my loving Bisters most dear, The whole of my store, Were it twice as much more, Which God’s goodness has granted tome. And that none may prevent This, my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law raeket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign and seal, This, the true aot and deed of Will Jacket. It seems strange that in so small a coum try as England, and one which has been civi lized so long, there Bhould be found any new plants at this late day; yet a species of lichen, hitherto unknown to occur in Britain', was recently discovered in Westmoreland. Cali cium Roscidium is its Botanical name.’j A French jpliysiologist has ascertained that very poisonous extraets may be abtained from edible mushrooms, by treating them with chloroform or various ethers. He calls these poisons, cryptoraaines. To their pre sence may be attributed the fatal effeots which sometimes result from eating fungi whioh are ordinarily perfectly wholesome. 