Echoes. A cool thousand - 1,000 pounds of ice. Some people are vexed that the triumvi- rate are all in Council. Mr. Severin says that the Council want some new blood injected into them. John Robb's opinion of the Cairns climate is either cruel sarcasm or an outrageous joke. " Why did yon leave your country for Australia, Pat?"- "Shure it wasn't for want ; I had plenty of that at home." Harry Shaw opens his hotel at Kamerunga on the 6th of July, when he will have enter- tainment for man and beast on a large scale. The electors and Volunteers wish that the Mayor (Mr. L. Severin) had the Appliances to enable him to come up to time when he makes an appointment. Pretty School Teacher: "Thomas, state some of the beauties of education." Thomas (oldest boy in the' class): " School ma'ams." P. S. T. .. Go up top, Thomas." A stern husband residing in Abbot-street says that he finds a No. 15 Chinese slipper held by the heel an admirable instrument for the adjustment of his matrimonial differ- ences. It will be a good thing for the anti-vege- tarians of the town when the local butchers begin to realize that a chunk cut out of the flap of a pig's belly does not constitute a pork chop. No Accounting for tastes.--An old lady subscriber of this paper writes to tbe editor. I like your paper very much. I have only one objection to it; it hasn't deaths enough." Mac says he will vote for footpaths up to eveiy one's back door now. He is also going to bring in a measure for providing the repre- sentatives of the Press with soft, padded chairs on Municipal meeting nights. A woman will complain that she hasn't a thing to wear, and yet, no matter how many chairs there are in a room, when she disrobes at night she will fill every one of them, \- and then scold because her huslmnd puts his paus on the floor. " My Husband's Crime" is the title of a recently-issued novel. He probably hid his loose change in his shoe or slyly took it to bed with him, so she couldn't find it when she went through his pockets after he had fallen asleep. We write feelingly on this subject. Scene at Kamerunga. - Doctor Queely : .'Good morning, Mrs. Gilligan. How is Patrick this morning?" " Sure, he's no better, sir !" *' Why don't you send him to the hospital to be treated?" "To be treated, is it ? Faith, an' it's the delarium trimmins he has already !'' "Ach, Pismarck, I vos avery sick man don't it ? " remarked the Emperor of Ger- many to the Chancellor. " Py crashus, vot der matter vos ? " asked Bismarck in alarm. " Look at dot, and tole me no questions." And Wilhelm showed the Chancellor a picture of himself which had been printed in the SYDNEY BULLETIN. The NEPEAN TIMES (Penrith, New South Wales) says" in delivering an address before the ladies' depa: fluent of King's College, Dr. Barry, Primate of Australia, declared that the drinking habits of the people of New South Wales were worse than those of tho people in England." Bishop Barry should come to Cairns to gee bibulous habits well developed. Brisbane man: "I presume. Mr. B'.ook ? nose^ that you suffer much from cyclones in Bowen." Air. H.: We have lota of cyclones, but there are mighty few men killed by 'em." .. How is that ? " " If you are in the Cellar you are all right, for that's where we store oar whisky. You .don't often bear of a gentleman of any social standing being killed by a cyclone iu Bowen. The son of a local butcher had great difficulty in fractions, although his teacher did his very best. *' Now, let us suppose," said the teacher, " that a Customer came to your father to buy five pounds of meat, and your father had only four to sell-what would he do ?" " Keep his hand on the meat while he was weighing it," was the candid answer. A Cairns newly-married couple.-She was was a sweetly in experienced young house- keeper, as one may gather from her remarks when a friend suggested she should purchase Bpring mattrasses at Sir W. P. Redden'* Free Trade Store. " Yes," she said ; " if they are in season we had better have some." We . expect William Peter would allow a good dis- count on a bunch. "Why," asked the teacher, "did Payne write "There is no. place like home?'" *." Because," replied the smart bad boy, "it was thc truth. He had no home, aud of course, there was no place like a place that wasn't anywhere." And the teacher started to mark him zero, but stopped and got to thinking and thinking, and finally told him that wasn't correct, and marked him perfect. " Mamma, how did it happen that me and little brother Sam wasn't kittens?" asked little Johnnie at the table the other morning. "Why, Johnnie, what made you think of such a thing T" " Why, when papa talks to nurse about you, he calls you the old cat." The above conversation is the Bole cause of Johnnie's ma's visit to her folks, and of Johnnie's singular dislike to a sitting pos- ture. "BLOWED IT OUT." Dear little Grace at the window stood Watching, that winter night. The great round moon ia the far blue sky, Where it shone so big and bright, Till a cloud swept over its shining face ; Then she turned with a little pout ; " I wanted to look at the moon," she said, ' But somebody blowed it out.". At a meeting of creditors recently held in the colony, n pious person of the PecksniSian type offered the magnificent dividend of ls 2d in the pound.- Gentlemen,'said he, "I cannot pay you any more in this world, but I hope to give yon the balance in the next." "Mr. Pecksniff," replied one of the un- fortunate creditors, " I, for one, will accept the dividend you offer, .but if you expect me to come groping about ofter yon in H-1 for the balance you are mistaken." "Julia," said an Abbott-street mamma, " did that young man that came to call on you Inst evening kiss yon just before he left the house ?" " Why, mamma, could you hear ?" "I heard .enough;. too much for my own peace of mind. How often have I told you lo beware of these men ? " Your conduct is inexcusable." " I wasn't to; blame, momma We were standing at the front door, and hü month was real close to my face, and before I knew.it-*'- "That will do. I see you have no excuse to offer." . " Yes-I have," sobbed Julia. " What is it, pray ?" " His month-was-awful clbee'to my face-and I-didn't know-it waa-loaded." THC KEW ALDIBXA*. I came from haunts of coot and hern, I made a -uddea sally, And spnikle out among a fern. And aactioneer A valley.>; - . f By Lilybank.I hnrry down. Or slip between the ridges, I've sold.tuyself, a little town, And half a hundred bridges. With many a cheque my banks I fret Sold many a field and fallow, Ai d many a fairy foreland set That's cot no fat or tallow. I chatter, clatter, cs I flow, To join the brimming river. For nidi i uitn n-.ny ct me and go. But I go on for ever. KanlenvBga atbcletic sports a great success. Several children have arrived just in time for the Jubilee. Booming business done at Hart's Barron Biver Hotel yesterday. Meston looked really nice amongst the sports. The Mint is the only place of business which can make money without advertising. Business men should bear this in mind. We hear the gutter bridges in Abbott street have been purchased by a circus pro- prietor. Hospital stove has been a long time ont ot repair, patients feeding on stews and fish bones of late. Sergenut Halloran says when a navvy gets too much to drink we call him beastly drunk, but a. silvertail in same the state-oh, he was slightly tonicked, your honour. It is s-jsjgested that the patients do a little scrub clearing round the Hospital. This is a new kind of physic, which the patients would no doubt cheerfully throw to the dogs. Why Í3 it that the man who slips sixpence in the contribution-box at Church generally leans back with a £5-notc look of benevo- lence? " Is n woman capable of filling an office?" She Í3. We had one in ours the other day inquiring after; some rejected manuscript, and she filled it completely. " Ii you want to look for heroes in our days," says a woman writer, " you must look for them in the kitchen." . Fact. That's where the policemen and soldier» spend most of their time. A fashion paper ,nys :-" Skeleton bonnets arc all the inge." We expect it is the wretched husband who performs the " rase " when he is called upon to pay a small fortune for a ghost of a bat. A man sent five shillings in answer to an advertisement which promised for that amount to tell "Why I bccaaie a mason," and he r. ceived the reply, " Bceanse I didn't want to be a shoemaker." George is getting absent minded. He had to make five journeys to the bar to fetch three drinks. This was probably owing to the dis- solute disciple having deserted his post to go to the Kamerunga sports. Naughty old Peter. We once had a compositor who was a genius at contracting space. We stood it for a long time, but finding him one day putting up "our Gracious Sovereign" as "our Gracious Quid," we gave him a juill pro ano, and he left. A scientific paper says the human foot weighs two and a-half pounds. There are some young men in this community who, judging from the savage looks on the faces of thc' girls' fathers, will soon be able to certify that the human foot sometimes weighs two and a-half tons. Scene on the Kailway Line.-A German navvy looked np at thc sky and remarked : " I guess a leedle it viii rain somedime pooty queek." " Yees do, ch ?" replied an Irish- man. " What business has yees to purtend to know about Australian weather, ye furriner?" " Have you any children ?" inquired a severe long-haired person, in Townsville of Macnamara. "Oh! yes," was the polite reply ; " a son." " Ah ! indeed ! Does he use tobacco ?" fi Never touches it in any form." " I am glad to hear that. Tobacco use. is very sinful." Does he indulge in spirituous liquors ?" " Never tasted a drop in his life." "Excellent. Doe3 he ever stay ont late nt ni^ht?" "No, sir. He never thinks of going out after supper." " I'm very pleased indeed to know this j your son is a remarkable young man." " Ob, he is not a young man yet. He is only a two months' old baby." We sent our special reporter (he calls him* self the proprietor) out to Kamerunga on a small piebald arrangement, a sort of cross between a Newfoundland dog and a medioeval clothes horse, to get a report of the events contested yesterday. He returned with the following:-"Magnificentsport! magnificent di inks ! everybody won ! " Now we regarded this as so eminently unsatisfactory, and so palpably untruthful, with the exception of the middle item, that we deemed it necessary to despatch a reliable person on a real live horse to obtain an intelligible blue-ribbon report, which will appear in our Saturday's Î63ue. Wimble is now suspended from our staff, and in future will only be entrusted to report tea fights.. THE OUN WEST OFF. No splendour falls on castle walls, No snowy summits old in story ; The long light shakes across the lakes ; The .Inlet's seen in all its glory ; An ancient gun is on the Strand, And round it stands a gallant band. O, look ! O, hear ! how thin and clear, And thinner, clearer, farther going ; O sweet, and far from from cliff and scar The gun of Cairns is faintly blowing ; The Battery let the gun off thrice, And all the children said, " How nice !" This is the Bord's idea of reporting the Jubilee celebrations of the Cairns Garrison Battery. What with Wimble's sports and the Bard's insane efforts, we are getting well nigh distraught, and shall for the future do all reporting ourselves. ? 