farmer Housing Show Cattle. Comfortable and roomy quarters are es- sential in preparing cattle for show. Stall feeding is not the !,ost system for show animal*. Clean well-haired beasts do not usually come out of stalls. Perfection in coat is a difficult point toattain, but when it ia accomplished it goes a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a rare possession, only a very few of the cattle shown at even onr national shows being perfect in their coats. In ordinary fattening for the butcher, stall-feeding is no doubt aa good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not the only point aimed at the after health and bloom of the animal has to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to confine the animals by the head or neck for that period ia not the way to accomplish the desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and com- fortable, can only be afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, ac- cording to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each beast re- quires from 650 feet to 800 cobie feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely confined superficially for the period of one year without injury to their health ; hut there are more breeding animal» ruined from want of room or exercise than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a horse by high feeding when the work is heavy, and the same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise ai the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to 80 degrees. A thermo- meter in the barn will indicate the tem- perature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When the outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fabr., then there ia a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised by closed doors and ventila- tors, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal ia endangered. All undercurrents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should the upper pr roof ventilators be entirely closed. Im- pure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construc- tion, will both allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly ox irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and after that the only means of cooling the air ia by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in cattle-feeding. The beat that can be done ia tb have the byres or aheds properly ven- tilated and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when neces- sary. An excess of light under cover is to be avoided in the case of fattening cattle. Young growing cattle intended for breed- ing purposes cannot very well have too much sun and light, but the rays of the son are only valuable to the cattle-feeder when the temperature of the atmosphere is low. After the surronjiding air becomes heated the direct raya of the aun can be dispensed with. There is, however, no artificial heat, auch as we provide with shelter, cwtbing, and fires, equal to the sunheat for health giving properties. Wis can produce a greater heat than we derive from tiie sun, butin the means we employ to attain it the air is certain to become more or lesa vitiated. When we get light and heat from the ann it is pure and sen nine, altogether different from anything we can manufacture. Thia is the reason why the lamb that ia reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one raised in house with the aid of the ito* ffhyinaj Horses axe Hear-Sightea " Why it is that shying in horses should be .et down to an ugly disposition I dont know,**, said a prominent veterinary surgeon. " It must be because horsemen don't know what else to lay it to. The fact is that it is seldom met with unless the horse is near- sighted. I bave tested scores of shying horses for near sightedness, and in nearly all cases found what I expected. And now. when I am asked to give points on buying horses I give this aa one of the requisites : Never buy a horse that is near- sighted. There are, how- ever, two exceptions to this role, if the horse is to have a mate, then it doesn't make any difference about the sight. One horse can go blind if the other ia clear-sighted. If the horse is to be used for riding to saddle be careful that he is not near-sighted, for he will throw you sooner or later. "The reason why a near-sighted horse shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animals the horse is the most gentle, and even timid. He sees a strange object, and his susceptible mind magnifies it into a monster that is going to destroy him. A piece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch is a dragon. Every horseman knows that if yan drive the animal close to the dreadful object the animal cools down at once. It is supposed that it is because the horse makes a closer acquaintance with the object. That is true but not in the sense in which it is generally understood. The animal has not been able to see it from a distance. He is near-sighted. Hones and Their Drivers-lt has often occurred to me that the utility and age of horses are seriously affected and shortened bj the thoughtless action of drivers. It is bnt too common a practice, when a horse is rising a hill, or when,perhaps, in the middle of a hill, for a driver to make a sudden slash with the whip. This, with' a spirited horse, is followed by a sudden bound in re- sponse to tbe unexpected call upon its j powers, possibly powers that were at the time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply this test to a human being, and anyone would naturally infer that its general effect woo Id result in rupture, greater or less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can we wonder if the same result follows in a horse, especially when the treatment is con- tinued day after day tbe year throughout! Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious injury, and we may naturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value- less, and their lives shortened. With a horse drawing a load, whether in conveyance, cart, or saddle, any call for greater exertion should be made what I may call gradually, that is, the animal should first be made aware of what is required from it by the voice pre- ceding the whip, and not the whip the voice. But there are few horses that have been properly broken bnt will respond to the voice, rendering the application of the whip un- necessary. If drivers would but give atten- tion to this apparently simple matter, I feel assured that the working age of horses would be sensibly lengthened, and many valuable . animals would be saved from injury that renders them all but valueless to their owners. Coming home at 2 a. m., be found his wife dressed in deep black, and inquired the reason.. - "Mourning for my late husband,'.' she replied. 