A NFÏHT OF TERROR. I sleep in a large bedroom in the bouse, a spacious chamber at the end of the corridor ; and my little girl's cot stände beside my bed. lt is a beautiful room, in which I keep many of the treasures that belonged to my brief married life ; and here I often sit to write my letters, and read my favourite books in peace. I have to pass the bead of the stairs on my way, and I g| pause and look over the balustrade, T down into the darkness. The house is very still ; not a breath of wind comes in through the open window on the landing; the night is as hot and hushed as the long day has been. Just then the hall clock strikes ten. I enter the room, shutting the door behind me, but not locking it, and go straight to the pretty cot which the mother's love has made a dainty nest for ber only grandchild. In winter Madge sleeps under crimson satin curtains lined with gold ; in summer she has gauzy draperies ot' pale blue, which makes her dream, she tells me, of skies and clouds and angel wings But to- night these draperies are swept away from ber lace-edged pillow, and she lies flushed, with scarlet lips, parted, murmuring broken words in . her sleep. I hang over her with all a mother's nervous anxiety in my heart. Xs this the beginning of a fever ? Is everyone going to bille ? ^ And then I remember bearing some- one say that there are several sick persons in the village. I stand beside the child's pillow many miutes before there comes to me a better mood, and the impulse of prayer sways my spirit. I killel and pray for all those * who, in thi* transitory life, are in trouble, sorrow, need, sickness, or in any other adversity,' and eren while the old words tremble on my lips, I feel God's answer thrilling through my soul. * This transitory life !' For my own part I am not inolined to rn?he much ado about its losses and crosses, but am willing to plod patiently onward, keeping the goal in view. It is for the sake of others that my heart is disquieted within me ; for them I crave such earthly happiness as I never even dream of asking for my- self. It is far meier for me to leave my own concerns in the Father's hands, than to trust Him implicitly with the lives of those I love. When I rise from my knees, I am conscious of the soothing certainty that He will take thought for them all, Madge Annie -the motlier -Patience -He wit! order their destitues as it seems best to Hi's Godly wisdom. He may lead their feet into ways they have not known, but His guidance will be a thousand times safer than mine. Thus comforted, I fall into a deep sleep which lasts about two hours. It is Madge's voice that wakes me, speaking in a half-fretful, half-coaxing tone; and her little hands are pulling ai my bedclothes. * What is it, darling?' I ask¿ sitting up with a start. * Some lemonade,' savs she, on the . verge of tears. ' I'm so dedful -thirsty. Oh, mamma, get some lemonade.' I got up at once, thrust my feet into clippers, and put on my dressing gown. There is a large crystal jug of lemonade standing on the dining room sideboard, and I am going down stairs to get it without delay. As soon as Madge sees me moving she is quite satisfied. She is not at ail ill, she assures me, only so hot, and so thirsty, When I come back, perhaps I may like to keep awake myself, and tell ber about the princess who slept for a hundred years. If anything can make her feel sleepy that story will. I promise to tell the story from beginning to end ; if she does happen to doze off in the middle I am to finish it in the morning. And then I light the candles on the toilet table, take a candlestick in my hand, and go out of the room, leaving the door open behind me. Glancing along the corridor towards Annie's «oom, I see that her door is still.ajar, and the faint ray that issues into the the dark passage teHs me that the nightlight ia still burning. Quietly, and with softly slippered feet, I go ' downstaris; my wrapper making no ^^^^^n^^^^ß^ö^^^rs ls fi^r^o|ii left, when L reach the foot of tho stairs, are those of the dining room and breakfast, roo m. Bot U are closed; ami the hall dark and quiet, is filled with the scent of the plants growing in great china jars. The light of my j candle dimly illumines thu familiar i things around me, and a lemon plant sends me a fragr.iut breath as I open the dining-room door. It startles me to (ind that the room is not in diU'kiiei-s. Alight, burning on the sideboard, fulls ott the figure of a mau who is busily at work on the plate drawer. My first thought ia that this runst he Willi un, who lias come down to perform some neglected duty. Hut when ho turns and con- fronts me it is not William's face that I behold. Thevopen French window tells me how his entrance has bien effected, and convinces ina that, for the first time in my life, 1 am face to face with a veritable burghir, I am not half so much frightened as I always thought I should be in such a case. If he had beeu masked, or disguised in any hideous way, I believe that terror would have over- mastered me at ouce. But the face that turns towards me is young aha handsome, although it wears, just now, as evil an expression as it has ever been my lot to see. ' Now, ma'am,' he says, a)vam "mg a step, and keeping his glittering eyes ste td i ly fixed on mine, 'do you va it me to murder, you ?' At these words the fright, which I did not at first feel, takes possession of nie ia an instant, and sets me shivering from head to fo»fc. I sud* deuly realise that 1 am a woman (and nota very strong specimen of my &ex;). alone at midnight, in the lower part ot the bouse, with a thief. With a help- less little cry I back towards the door, and he comes nearer still, the light of my candle shining full upan that reckless face. Before he he can touzh me, and before I can cry out again, someone comes sweeping past me into the room, and seizes him by the arni with a suddenness that almost overpowers him. * Fly, "Margaret !' s¿ys Leshia's voice, * fly upstairs and call Willum -don't lose a second.' And I do fly, as fast as my feet will carry me, screaming for help at every step. Yet it seems an agc» before I gain the bead of the stairs, and longer still before anyone responds to my calls. At length tho whole household come crowding into the corridor in the wildest alarm; A«»uie, white as a ghost, appears at one door, the mother at another. The last to shew himself is William, that doughty protector of our property and persons, whose courage H now to be severely tried. * William,' I gasp, with difficulty, * there's a mau in the' dining room go down directly, or he'll murder Miss Lambton!' Iustead of obeying me at once, William makes for the door leading to the servants* staircase, shouting out that he is going to fe tell ' master's revolver.* Annie wrings ber hands in anguish ; it is on her account tbat Lesbia has gone to the dining-room at this unearthly hour, and she begins to bewail her selfishness. The mother sinks back into the arms of Morton ; the housetnaidand kitchenmudscream and cling to each other, aud the only undaunted person is cook. * I'll go, ma'am,' she says, decending the stairs as fast as her substantial figure will allow her to move. I follow her. feeling meaner than ever I did in my life. Hud I not basely and ignobly left Lesbia to her fate? No Tight proceeded from the dining-room now ; but I have never once relinquished my candie, and its flame reveals Leshia quietly bolting the shutters. She turns and meets us with a face that is white, even to the lips, but perfectly calm. * ile is gone,' she says, panting a little. * I hadn't strength enough to iold bim. but he has taken nothing. And now do, some of you, see to this wretched Jane 1' Up to this moment no one had re- membered tbat Jane is umsîng. The housemaid sod kitcheuamid, who have ventured so far os the hall, now come in, and then enters William with a rush, revólver in hand. I be ejaculates with weit-feigued dis ! gust. ' Goue ! yes, of course he is,' says cook, contemptuously ; 1 and you're precious glad of it.' * How did he escape, ma'am ?' in* quires William, coining up to me, and not deigning to notice his fellow servant. * Another moment, and 'twould have been all over with him. I couldu't hive missed him, ma'am, if i luid fired.' * I shouldn't wonder,' says cook, ' if this miserable girl let him m. She's well paid out for her sins if she did, poor creetur. Briug me some water, Hannah, ns quick as you can.' While cook speaks she unfastens the handkerchief tliat has been tied over Jane's mouth, and lifts the poor girl from the floor. Then Hannah, the housemaid, comes with water, and we bathe the colourless lace, and chafe the cold bauds, till consciousness slow- ly comes back. The blue eyes open at last, and a shudder runs through Jane's frame as she looks round ott all these familiar faces. Lesbia draws near and speaks to her. ' I am sorry for you, Jane,' she says kindly, ' You must have been basely deceived, and I am sure you meant no harm. If Mrs. Spencer will have you carried into my room, I will watch over you till the doctor comes to-mor- row morning. You have had a fear- ful shock.' ' Indeed, Leshia,' I say, anxiously, ' lam afraid you have borne too much already. You are terribly white, and -* I stopped short. As she turns her pale face and gleaming brown eyes upon me, I am strangely reminded of that other evil face which confronted me so savagely only a few minutes ago. My imagina- tion, highly excited, doubtless, must be playing me a trick ; what resem- blance can there possible be between poor Ted's sweetheart and a burglar ? And yet, how strange it is that this bu-glur bas yielded to the power of an unarmed woman, and fled without leaving the vestige of a struggle be, hind ! If the plate had been gone, goue, and Lesbia left bleeding on the floor I should not not have been in the least surprised. It is her easy victory that astonishes me. Perhaps, with her uçual quickness, she reads my thoughts. Ker dark lashes veil the shining eyes for a : moment and then she speaks. 1 He was not a very dreadful burglar, after all,' she says with a faint smile. ' In fact, I ain sure that this is his first attempt at house breaking. It was so clumsily managed, you see ; and he so easily cowed. And he had no assis- tants. It is evident that Jane must havfi let him in without being aware of his designs ; but she will tell, us every- thing when she is wellenough to speak .' 1 Poor siliy soul,* says cook, looking d^wn compassionately at the scared youns face. * She'd better not to try to talk yet ; if she wants to keep her senses.* ' She will be quiet iu my room ; I shall know how to manage lier, Margar*!,' persists Lesbia earnestly. ' You will du well to let her be with me ' She has her will, and Jane, still dazed and helpless, is taken to Miss Lambton'a chamber. When this is done, tbe house becomes quiet again, and I retire to my room, and lock myself in with Madge, who needs a great deal of soothing, and wants to know why everybody was screaming. I pacify her at last, and then lie down to court sleep, but it does not add much to my sense of security to feel that the valiant William, fully armed, is parading' the lower part of thc house till daybreak. It is not impro bable that Hannah and the kitchen« main, are sharing his vigil, and admir- ing his swagger ; but. I do not concert myself about any of them. When I close my eyes I am etil haunted by a vision of those two face: -both pale and dark-eyed-with 1 mysterious resemblance between them And then I think that I, like all th rest, am out of sorts, and determiu ti» consult Dr. Mervvn to morrow «-~Fm)k **2im Wtitotóbmn'e Offert'' tn 