UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL mw mun UMXISI, AUTHOR O* .JACOBrSWIFE." 'ITABTIN OEVEEIL'S SIAKOND,' 4c i l'ublithcd by ipecial arrangement with the author, i CHAPTER XVIII. . THK MliflKlCi« OF NETIIEKGLEN " SIIAI.II I go, or shall I not go ?" meditated Hugo Luttrell. He was lying on a. broard comfortable looking lounge in one of the luxurious rooms which he usually occupied when he stayed for any length of time in London. He had bécn smoking a dainty, perfumed cigarette -ho very seldom smoked anything except cigarettes-but ho held it abseutly between his fingers, and finally let it drop, while ho read and re-read a letter which his servant had just brought to him. Nearly two years had passed since Richard Luttrell's death ; years which had left their mark upon Hugo in many ways. The linea of his delicately beautiful dark face had grown harder aud sharper ; and, perhaps on this account, he had a distinctly older look than was warranted by his two and-tweniy years. There were worn lines about his eyes, and a decided increase of that subtlety of expression which gave some- thing of an Oriental character to his appear- ance. Ho had lost tho youthful, almost boy- ish, look which had cliaracterised him' two years ago ; he waa a man now, but hardly a man whom ono would have found.easy to trust. " . ?.. . . Tho lotter was from Angela Vivian. Shoi had written, at Mra. Luttrell's request, to' ask Hugo to nay a visit;' Mrs. Luttrell still occupied the house at Netherglen ; and she seemed anxious for ari-interview with her nephew. Hugo had not soon her for many months ; he had left Scotland almost immedi- ately after Brian's departure,-with tho full intention of setting feet in it no more. fEBut ho had then considered himself tolerably prosperous. Brian's death had thrown a shado over his prospects. Ho could no longor count upon a successful application to Mr. Colquhoun, if ho were in dtuiculiies ; and Brian's six thousand pounds melted beforo his requirements like snow before an April sun. Ho had already squandered the : greater..part of it; ho ¿vas deeply in,debt ; and ho had no relation upon whom lío'-rcoúld roly for assistance- unless it was Mrs. Lut-, troll j and Hugo had a dofmito dislike to the' thought of asking Mrs. Luttrell for money. It,was no more than a dislike, however. It was an unpleasant thing to do, perhaps ; but not a thing that ho would "refrain from doing if necessary. Why should not Mrs. Lutoell, bc generous to her nephew ? Possibly "slio .wished to make him her heir; possibly sho would offor to-pay his debts ; at any rate he could not afford to decline her help. . So he must start for Netherglen next day. « . . j "Netherglen! They aro still there," Ivo said.to himself, as he started moodily nt the! sheet of black edged noto papor, où which! paper, oh whichtho name cf tho housewas': stamped in small black fetter's; - ^ wqndor that they did not leave tho placoíí;v;l: shoúldj have done so if I had been aunt .Margaret.; I would give a great deal to get óutf'óf going! tout myself !" ' ' ' . ? . ' A "sombre look stoic over hid1 fae'ej¿his.' band clenched itself over tho papor, ho. held ;! inüpite of tho luxurious warmth of tho room, ho gave a little shiver. Then ho roso and bestirred himself; his nature was not one? that impelled him to dwell for very long upon any painful or disturbing thought.' He gave his orders about tho journey for tho following day, then dressed and went out, remembering that he hod two- or,three' engagements for tho evening. The season, was nearly over, and many people had left: London, but thore seemed little diminution in the number of guests, who wero struggling up and down the wido staircase of a houso at which Hugo presented himself about twelve o'clock that night, and he missed very few; familiar faces amongst tho crowd as he nodded greetings to MB numerous acquaintances. " Ah, Luttrell," said a voice at his ear," "I was wondering if I should seo you^ I thought you might be off to Scotland already." ? 'f Who told you X was going to Scotland ?"? "said Hugo. 't; The dark shadow" had crossed his face again ; if there was a man in England whom at that time he cordially disliked, it was this man--Angela's brother- Rupert Vivian. Ho did not know why, but he always had a presage of disaster when he saw that high bred, impasHivo face beside him, or heard the modulation of Vivian's quiet, musical voice. Hugo was superstitious, and ho firmly believed that Rupert Vivian's presence ?brought him ill luck. V ".'Angela wrote to mo that Mrs. Luttrell1 was inviting you to Netherglen. I .was going there myself, but I have been'pre- vented. A relation of mine in Wales is dying, and has sent for mc, so I may not be ,ablo to get to .Scotland for'soine weeks." ;.' " Sorry not to see you. I aboil begone by the time you reach Scotland, then," responded Hugo, amiably: . : " Yes." Rupert looked down with a reflective air. " Come hero, will you ?" he said, drawing Hugo aside into a small cur- tained recess, with a seat just wide enough for two, which happened at that moment to bo empty. "I have something" to ask you ; thore is something that you can do for me if you will." "Happy to do anything, in my. power, murmured Hugo. Ho did not like to bo asked to help other people, but thero was a want of assurance in Vivian's usually self contained demeanour which roused his curi- osity. " What is it?" ''.Well," to .begin with, you know the 'Herons and Miss Murray, do you not ?" " I know them by name. I have met Percival Heron sometimes." " Do you know that they have returned rather unexpectedly from Italy .and gono to Strathlcckie, tho houso on the other side of tho property-about six miles from-Nether- glen?" "How's that?" " I suppose that Miss Murray thinks she inay as well take possession of her estate," replied Rupert, rather shortly. " May I ask whether you aro going to call ?" " Oh, yes, I shall certainly call." '.' Then, look herc, Luttrell, I want you to do something for me," said Vivian, falling into a moro friendly and confidential strain than ho usually employed with Hugo. " Will you mention-in an incidental Bort of way-to Mrs. Heron tho reason why I have not como to Scotland? tho claim that my relation in Wales has on mo, and all that sort of thing. It is hardly worth while writing about it, perhaps ; still, if it came in your way, yon might do mo a service." Hugo was so much relieved to find noth- ing more difficult required of him thai ho gavo vent to » light laugh. " "Way don't you write ?" he said. "There's nothing to write about. I d< not correspond with them," said Rupert actually colouring beneath Hugo's long satirical gaze. " But I fancy they ma; think me neglectful. I promised some timi ago that I would run down ; and I don't sei how I can-until November, at the earliest And, if you are there, you may as well men tion tho reason for my going to "Wales, 01 you see, it will look like a positive slight." " I'm to say all thia to Mrs. Heron, am I ! And to no one beside ?" " That will bo quite sufficient." Then was a slight touch of hauteur in Vivian' tone. " And, if I may trouble you witl something else-" . " No trouble at all. Another message ?' " Not exactly. If you would take care o: this little packet for me I should bo glad I am afraid of its being crushed or lost ii the post. It is for Miss Heron." ^ ., - He produced a little parcel, carefully sealed and addressed. It looked like a sinai square box. Hugo smiled aB he took it ii his hand. : " Perishable ?" ho asked, carelessly. " " Not exactly. The contents are fully i hundred years old already. It is somethinj for Miss Heron's birthday. She is a greal favourite of mine-a nice little'girl." : " Quito a'child, I suppose? " ,!'. '.. "Oh, of «-course. -Que.won't' be able send her presents by'and by,"^said Rupert with rather an uneasy laugh. 1 ^"Wbat^i pity it is that somo children ever grow up Well, thanks, Hugo j I shall bo veryjjnucl obliged'to you. Are you going.now.f'.v ' ..^"'Must be;"moviug.on, I supposé, jil; say old Colquhoun tho other day, and he^bogai telling ,mo.about: Miss? Murray, and all:,th< wonders she was '. doing for tho Herons Makes believe that tho money is theirs, no: her own, doesn't she V ?.? 'Ä%K$¥S' '- ??'. " Yes.". .; Odd 'idea.' v She ^müs^he,'a¡ curiosity. They, brought a tutor, with-them from'Italy I believe ;, some fellow they picked up in tn< street's."' w r;^!,':ii,^^;''"':''^.j^'/''\h;//Ji , . "Ho has .turned.out a vpryjatisfactorj one," Rupert answered, .coÍdly,¿;J,'Théy.- saj that ho.mnkcs ia capital tutor for the .rlittlc boys!' "rl'think he is a favourite with all , oi them j ho teachoB Miss-Huron-ltalianV'}" " .-.^Bos voice, .had « taken a .curiously forma tone.; It 'BÔùnâeâ'Tas'^boûgn' W^jvas dis nleascd at something, which had occurred tc : ; Hugo .thought ; of . that- tone and of thV , couversatibn .many timeà bofore lie left; lion. . don next evening. r.Ho,' was; rather an adepj at the discovery of small mysteries j die liked to' draw 'coriclusibns from a series of sinai oven ts; an dtp ferret out ot h er p eo pie's secrets He thought that ho was up«; upon the track of'TBome. design of "Vivian's, and he , became exceedingly curious about it; -'If it had beer possible tb open, tho box 'without" disturbing 'tho' seals upon it, he , would, certainly have ,donb so j but, this being out bf tho'question, he contented^himself with resolving ;to be present when it1 was opened; and 'to observe with" care' 'tho''effect produced by Yivian't iriessVgo on tho face's of Mrs.'Heroii, Miss . Heron^ and Miss Murray. , . '.?',; . ? He rcached Duninuir (where the¿nearest station ' to his auut'Sjhpuso was situated)' at eleven o'clockinthembrniug. ^Mrs/Lütwell liad seilt the inail- ph'aètbii for hiim! As Hugo took.tho. reins, and glanced, at.;the .'shining lidiriosB aiid the lustrous coats of the beauti- ful bays, he could not help remembering the day. whonJ/tlievmail-phaetbn' h last boen sent to bnng"h°imfromthestation,B^cbard had-tilca sot'in'the j place that ho now occu- pied, Iwîth Angela, beside him,;.and,Brian and Hugo laughed and talked in^he back seat, and were as merry as , they well could be,:. Nearly, two years ago I .'."Vvhát'chttiigés had been seen;since them I : ,; r!'f;v < ? '? / Tho baysvwere fidgetty, and wouldvnbt start at'once; Hugo was'just shouting a 'hasty direction to the groom ct their heads when, ho happenod to. glance aside towards the station door where two or three persons were standing. The groom had cause to wonder what was the matter. Hugo gave the reins a tremendous jerk, which' brought the horses nearly upon their haunches, and then let them go at Biich a pace that it seemed as if he had eutircly lost, control over them. But ho was a very good whip, and soon mastered the fiery creatures, reduc- ing their mad speed by degrees to a gentle tro t, which enabled tho groom to overtake them, panting and red in tho face, indeed, as .he swung himself up. behind. The,'groom was inclined to think that Mr. Hugo bad lost his nerve for a few moments ; tor'"'his'face turned as white," honest John remarked afterwards, "asif he had seen a ghost.'.''-tr " John," said Hugo, after driving for a good two miles in silence, ". who was that gentleman at the station door ?" , " Gentleman, sir ?" " A. young man-at leaBt,fi he;'seemed young-in a great coat.!' J > u "Ohl-I don't think -that's a"" young gentleman, exactly ; leastways he's got grey hair. That's the gentleman that teaches at Mr. Heron's, sir ; Mr. lleron^ tho uncle to Miss Murray that has the property'- now.'! His name's Mr. Stretton, sir. 1 askod Mr.S Heron's coachman." ¡, , " What made you ask ?" The groom hesitated and shuttled ; but, upon being kept sharply to the point, avo wod that it was because the gentleman "seen from behind " looked so much Uko Mr. Brian Luttrell. " Of course his face is quite different ¡from Mr. Brian's, sir," he said, hastily, noting a shadow upon Hugo's brow ; " and be has grey hair and a beard, and all that 5 "'but his walk was a little like poor Mr. Brian's, sir, I thought." Hugo was silent. Ho had not noticed the man's gait, but, in spite of the grey hair, tho tanned complexion, tho brown beard which had lately been allowed to cover the lower part of Mr. Stretton's face, and had changed it very greatly- in spite of all these things he had noticed, and been startled by, the expression of a pair of grave, brown eyes -graver and sadder than Brian's eyes used to bc, but full of the tenderness and tho sweetness that Hugo had never seen in tho face of any other man. Full also of recog- nition; there was the rub. A man who knows you cannot look at you in tho same way as one who knows you not, and it WBB this look of knowledge which had unnerved Hugo, and made him doubt the cvidenco of his own senses. He was still silent and absorbed when ho arrived at Nethorglen, and felt glad to hear that he was not to seo his aunt until later in the day. Angela carno to meet him at the door ; she was palo, and her black dress made her look very slender and fragile, but she had thc old sweet smile and pleasant words of wolcomo for him, and could not under- stand why his faco was so gloomy, and his eyes so obstinately averted from her own. TO BE CONTINUED IN SATTJBDAT'S ISSUE. 