Father M'Glynn and the Papal Excommunication. A great public meeting was held in New York on Sunday, July 10, at which Father M'Glynn defied the Papal excommunication, and said : — " I learned under the very shadow of the Vatican that the man who sins against his conscience sins against the Holy Ghost, and if any power on earth even though it he him who sits en throned in the Vatican, command a man to do or say aught against his conscience, to obey even that power were to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once — thank God it is no longer — they would imprison the truth in dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the per sons of those who through no fault of their own read God's truths in the facts of society, in the strata of the earth, and upon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanish ing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the Church, particularly from the Catholic Church. Nowhere is the Church more hated thanin the so-called Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal represen tative at Washington is quite in keep ing with the same policy that has led the Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, the Earl of Denbigh — and you may always mistrust English Catholics, especially an English Catho lic Earl, to outdo any Protestant in his hatred of Catholic Ireland — says that the Pope told him not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, which is well enough, but of his great desire tobeofuseto England . Of course he could be of great use to England if poor Paddy would be submissive and obey the Pope's bidding in political matters. Why, an alliance between the Pope and the English capitalists would be worth millions to the latter, i It would be money in their pockets if they were to buy the Italian p relates of the Pope, even at £100, ®0O a head. The best way to get; anything from the Roman machine is fo show your teeth rather than be too humble. Prince Bismarck and the Czar understand this. The Pope is delighted at a little concession from them. The Pope has actually .fallen in love with Prince Bis marck. Prince Bismarck is flirting a little with the Pope. They have got as far as exchanging pictures. Men who have fought for Catholicism have been slapped in the face by the Pope to please Prince Bismarck. So long as the Catholics let the Roman ma chine, of which the Pope is the mere puppet, do this, that machine will use Paddy in Ireland and the German Paddy and American Paddy as pawns on the political chess-board, to be sold out at -any time for what it can get in return." 