-$u#£ttt puies. The siege of Gonlburn Cathedral, which ha* just come to a sudden termination, can hardly be classed as a military event, nor ia it strictly ecclesiastical in its character. There mi too ranch howling and blasphemy, too much scrambling in and out of windows, and throwing of bricks, stones, rotten eggs, and other portable nuisances, to permit it to rank unonz items, of church, news : and on the n£h*-t- hsnd the proceedings could not well be defined u part of a system of regular warfare, inas much As the garrison of the fortress when reviewed consisted only of oue little man, with a black eye and & bruised nose. Properly speaking, when the attack commenced this man should bare formed himself into a hollow square with the provisions in the centre, and toes ia his capacity as commander he should nave walked along in front of himself, and made a stirring address about the necessity of dying if necessary on the tented field ; but this was impossible. When the supreme moment came he had no provisions at all ; «nd though he was feeling very hollow for want of them, he could not farm himself into & eqa&re;, and in place of bivouacking on the tented field he was surprised in his shirt, with one leg sticking out of toe tented bed. Some years ago Captain Rossi h*d the mis fortune to be appointed one of the trustees of St. Saviour'* Church, Gonlburn, and thus beeame an integral part of the joint-stock bou of that place of worship. Later on, however, Gouiburn became the centre of a diocese, and was ornamented and honoured by the pretence of a lire bishop, made of ineat, aad the church then rose to the dignity of a cathedral— a promotion which, so far as it affected the building1 itself, was about equivalent to conferring brevet rank da * sardine by calling it a shark. But one important effect of the change was that the lands attached to the church became the property of the entire itiww, or, at least, it was thus that the bishop and bis adherents argued : and Captain fiossi and hiit co-trustees found their dignity Tanifihinff like a class of beer down one of our Compositors. Thereupon* the captain resolved to assert himself, and force his opponents to nettle the question &t; law. He was a very email man, but a strict disciplinarian, and was credited a few years ago with having ordered one cf the Goalbura. volunteers to b fa&nged; for some breach ot military law ; so, aa may be supposed, he was, in this case, the right mM in the right place, H* entered into possession of the cathedral lute one Satan-day night, and on Sunday morning, when the bishop demanded admittance, he merely asked that dignitary how be was off for ?oap. There was maoh wrath at this, and several ardent churchmen proposed to open service with an axe, bat soon the captain's adherents began to muster in force, and ultimately the bishop put his discourse in his pocket and went borne. Daring the next fortnight. Captain Rossi was several times taken in the flank by men getting through unguarded windows, and on one or two occasions he was graciously pleased to allow a sermon to be delivered ; but do one ventured to eject him. He was generally re garded aa a bard fighting customer — a man who would never hit twice in the same place,, because the place would be squashed and annihilated when he had hit it once ; and, moreover, his supporters outside were abso lutely ba ruing for a fight. It was difficult, too, to starve him oot, for during the early days of the siege, he fitted up a sort of exaggerated ear trumpet at the front door, into which his friends discharged con* tributiona of mQk and nutritious slops of all kinds, and when he grew hungry he had only to suck at the other end of this machine till he was choke-full of the fruit of the cow. Bat continued success at last made the cap tain careless. He admitted three of his enemies to a conference, and they suddenly seized him by the legs and arms, and started to carry him oat. Be clupg desperately to every article of furniture in the church, and when torn from his hold of a pew-door, in stantly grabbed a bracket, and when he lost the bracket he adzed the polpii rail ; but half these fixings came away with him, and at last he was deposited on the pavement outside, with bis bands full of fragments of the sacred edifice, bis cose bruised, Bis eye damaged, and one coat tail gone. Then be got himself photographed in order to preserve a record of his wounds and sufferings, and went home ; and the siege of Gonlburn Cathedral was ended, at all events for the time Most philosophers have agreed that it is difficult to reveal any new phase of the male, or to throw fresh light on the hog, or to pre sent the driven bullock in an entirely original aspect ; and many good men have supposed that it! is equally hard to eHike out any untrodden path in the vast field of human depravity. A certain amount of credit is therefore dee to Mr. Eeegan, of Denver, Colorado, inasmuch as ha has shown himself more mischievous than a freshly^spanked Bcbool boy, and more depraved than a deranged morphia -fiend, while he has covered his wickedness with a veil of humour which makes it aomewhat amusing. AL*at five months ago, Mr. Reeg&n; was lying on his stomach in his bntnble hone at Denver, faying to think oot some new piece of malevolent ensnedness, when it suddenly dairoed on him that be nrght as well write to the head of the Irish Protestant Church, stating that a, legacy of £60,000 had been left by a devout and peni tent corpse for the purpose of baying um brellas to shade the labourers of the vineyard. upon, and as the coffers of the faithful at Dublin were somewhat empty there was much rejoicing over this providential windfall. Canon Bagot was promptly despatched to collect the legacy, and though be was elderly, rather corpulent, and Housed to travelling, the long road to Denver flowed ttnder bis Sying feet like gin flowing down the throat of a British republican. He was a little sur- prioed, however, as he neared his desti nation, to find himself in company with several prieste, a Baptist, a Methodist, a Swedenborgi&n;, and sundry other pas ton, all of whom were likewise hasten ing to collect immense legacies; bat he simply concluded that the deceased bad been a man of stupendous wealth and 'wide sym pathies, and the party proceeded to Denver in a very agreeable frame of mini. Arrived there they met Keegan, to whom they stated their errand, bat to their amazement that de graded vessel of wrath — Thit might express e. doubt, Brt put bit thumb Into his note, And spread his flogenout A vague feeling of uneasiness went through the company at this strange irrever&nce;, but they concealed their feelings, and inquired about the deceased- Keegan explained that he was a loafer who had got to owning horses that belonged to some one else, and had after wards tried to climb a tree by bis neck, but had been unable to obtain a footing, and had died rather suddenly. This Bounded very much as if the testator had been hanged, but again the deputation smothered their fears and inquired about the money. Then H.eeg.-n cackled a demoniacal cackle, and stated that the assets of the lately suspended Christian amounted to a shirt, a pair of unmentionables, a wild cat silver chain, and an aged and effete dog. He found himself choking just at this point, for a pritst had him by toe throat ; but he produced a revolver «nd an axe, and the clergymen fled at the rate of a very long dis tance, in a period that was too short to be reckoned up without a stop watch. A little further investigation convinced thum that there waa not a cent to be had for cbarch pur poses within a radius of a tbonsand miles, and they shock the dust of Colorado off their feet, and retired in wrath. Any man who offers a large donation to an Irish church now does so at the risk of his life, and the snbject is not much alluded to in clerutal circles, for it is a painful and annoyin? one. The famous, or rather infamous. Mount Rennie case, and the discussions to which it has given rise, have brought to light many ghastly facts in connection with what it termed, by a gilded figure of speech, Austra lian civilisation* Bat at the same time there has been a widely comic element in the contro versy, and the scores of infuriated cranks, who hare argued the question of life or death from as many different point* of aberration, have furnished unlimited amusement to those who conW appreciate Uuar varying degrees of stupidity. Every authority, living and dead, from Confucius to Sir Henry Parkes, and from Moses to Joseph Smith, was preaaed into service on t-ne aide or the other, and when these foiled the hungry ghosts of the decaying past were dug up and harnessed to the bullock dray of genius, and driven by dense, comprehensive ignorance along roads which these same ghosts would have posi tively declined to traverse when still in the fleah. It is satisfactory to know, however, that these ffl-nsed shades of the past were all on the aide of mercy. The spirits, ot coarse, were of v&nons; degrees of credibility ; some of them had been hanged themselves, some had died drank* and some had kicked their mothers dead, but they all turned on one point— that the ghosts of the dead took possession ot the bodies of the jiving and governed them for good or evil as they pleased. The death of six criminals would, therefore, set six more evfl spirits free, and one of these might, if it chose, enter into the body of, say, Sir Robert Stout, and com pel him to seize the crippled and helpless Voget, and pour kerosene over him and set him on 6r*. and then, dance round Mm singing comic songs while he was blazing. Another might fasten upon Sir Samoal Griffith, and absolutely fan* him to hew Mr. Macrosaan into small piece a, and then tie hint up in a bag, and address him to the Ageflt-Gcneml in London, marked ' Cash on delivery,' and a third, a lower, meaner spirit of the pettifogging kind, might prey upon the vitals of Sir Patrick Jennings until he went out and choked an orphan idiot with the view of making him hand over his last sixpence. The roaming goblin, be it observed, mnst find a tenement, and as the number of spirits 12ms liberated since tbe world began most be greater than all the figures and ' oughte ' in the English lan guage' can express, it is probable that every least * thousand disembodied ruffians, who are perpetually urging him to set his bouse on fire, ana tear his wue*« hair, and kick the cat, and throw boiluig water over tike baby, and drop the rest of the funfiv over a precipice. Spirits, too, which ore crowded out of all tinman *gwrni irtodattoii ? are compelled to take refuge in tbe bodies of inferior ?*-.imfLt«.| and many on omnibus-driver, who urges a wearr team up- inU on & hot day, may be mcunacttrnaly flogginghiB mother and hia deceased wife, and an old Roman emperor, and administering an occasional swish to a Pope who acts as leader : and tbe dog fancier, who disposes of what he imagines to be only a bnU-pnp, may unwittingly eeli « can nibal who means mischief. 3ut tbs snbject ifl too large a one to be dealt with ejduuutivejy here, and we would merely rematkinconclusion that there are more things in bearen and earth than have era* been dreamt «f in any philosophy that Bockhampfem u Urge enoogh to bold. 