TURF NOTES. BY Nimrod. Goodna races came off on Saturday and were chiefly remarkable for three things - tho abso- lute primitiveness of all arrangements, the want of control over the racing itself, and the success of Bachelor in tho three races he ran in, though it seems to me rather rough to make a horse travel 4.5 miles for 40 sovs. One curious affair amused me vastly, the scales weighed 7.5lbs, short. There were no stewards or any of the usual officers, at least so far as I could see, and the judge appeared, bar starting, to run the whole thing himself. By the way, there was one rule most rigidly enforced -no jockey was allowed to leave the scales without paying up the entrance. In fact the judge (who also weighed them out and in) almost forcibly detained them till the dollars were forthcoming. Tho running of YVarkworth, referred to in my roport of tho meeting, was the real blot on tho wholo day's amusoinont. A littlo laxity on a country course is all very woll, but, if mon aecuslomod to metropolitan niooliiigs think thoy uan throw dust in the oyes of tho public be-causo Ihoy aro at a small mooting, (hoy ure very much mistaken. I novor in my lii'o saw a much plainer caso of "not wanted." Only three startod-Bachelor, YVurkvvort li, audMotiil-this last horse about oqiiul to hack form. Yet M olul wits willi tho otilara all tho way, and finished closo ii]) third. Bachelor with a Ihrco-longlhs load sailed comfortably round till (ho distance, whon thoy till closed up, and, just to givo mi idea of a linisli, YVarkworth raced up io him and tho pair carno easily homo togothr-r. Neither was extonded from start to linisli ; the whip waa nover usod on tho gray, and his rider hud no spurs, livery racing mun saw what was dono, tho gonoriil verdict boing (hat tho " Nativo Rose" business was not as bad, oor tainly no worso. Ol' oourso tho usual ' ' Carno too lato" was given out, though no notioo was taken of the matter by tho authorities (if tliero woro any), and, as rogards tho "cunio too late" business, tho afluir was done so oliunsily that thoy Hourly upset thoir own pot by tho gray overdoing his part and coming ton mon. I certainly think that Q.T.C. should take notice of the matter, though the Goodna people eot it pass; for what is tho good of registering clubs (and this one only a few milos from town) if jockeys and trainers can do as they please there? If a man sticcoods in his little games at Goodna he will soon start trying them on at Eagle Farm. I must do the owner of the horse justice, however, by saying that I believe he was thrown over as well as the public. To lum to a moro pleasant subject, tho Ips- wich racing folks aro to tho fore again with a very good programmo for tho 20th mid 27th Decombor noxt, when 700 hovs. aro lo bo given for twelvo races. And thoro is only ono fault to bo found with said programmo, and that is, it is a little monotonous, for tliero aro threo raooa of a milo and a distance, and two of a mile and a furlong-only a dill'oiouco of tvvonl.y yards ; and four ovor a distance ol' ono milo. It would havo boon botlor to havo had a hurdlo race in tho programmo, and n six- furlong flutter in placo oi one of tho milo races. Tho meeting will consist of tho 'JYitil Stakes, 15 iwvs.; Soiling Raoo, US aova.; Railway Piulo, l\ milo, 100 sovs.; niuidiinba Purso, 1 milo and a furlong, 40 sovs.; Farmors' mid Minors' Cup, 20 sovs.; and to wind np tho first day (ho Flying Handicap, 1 milo, 70 sovs. On tlio reonnd day thoy commence with a Maiden Plato. CO sovs., which would havo boon bettor em tho flint day; noxt comes tho Corinthian Cup, 40 sovs., opon to amatours and profes- sionals, with tho usual iilloiv.anco ; and thou tlio big ovont, tho Turf Club Handicap of 1.50 sovs., IV milo, nomination 1 sov., accoptanco, 2 sovs.,"mid a third payment of Ü sovs. atscalo, 0 sovs in till, rather high for a possible lf>0 sovs. prize ; but wo must romombor the olub is not too wealthy at present. Tho Visilora' Pluto of io sovs., lj mile; anothor Soiling Ruco, and then tho Farewell Handicap of 70 sovs., to windup with. For datos of nomina- tion, (fco., soo calendar. 11 is a pity wo cannot obtain and rotain somo really good iumpors. As it is, as soon a» wo wo get a Friction, off ho goes South. Ono thing, most of tho prizoH boro aro so Billilli and indueomonts to much greater in Now South YVules or Victoria that wo can' expect nothing else. If groator stakes wore given wo might possibly get roui jumpers hero. Bar Bo'aun, we luivo nothing now ; Bachelor is a fair sccond-rator, and Nativo Roso about tho sumo ; us for tho rest tho loss said the bettor. But who is to make a movo in the business? Ownora aro romindod that entries for dalton handicaps closo on Monday, ürd Octobur ; gonoriil ontrioH, 21st October. My Love and Medusa aro to go to tho stud. Both, if well mated, should produce good stock, though as a rulo a maro who bus boon through tho mill so often as My Lovo is not tho best lo brood from. Probably sho may aflcr a lons spell bo all right for her futuro dulics as r-tucl matron. Backers have received a hovero blow through Lionomy broaking down. JTo was instituted first favourito for tho Cuullleld Cup only a day or so ago. Anothor warning to stand off tho long prices and wait for shorter odds and (ortiiin starlorswas exemplified by tho scratching of Siivermiiio for tho Metropolitan. I suppose, howovor, it will always bo the sumo. Mr. Andrew Town Jins suffered a severe loss in his Hobartville establishment through Um, death of tho recently imported Mooi tlioqio/ who lind already got two good animals in Moorhouse und Moorbank, and whoso death fin a great loss to tho Turf in general. / About tho best light woight in tho colonies is now young Fielder ; ho rode threo winnora and a second, including Cardigan tho Hawkes- bury Grand Handioup winner., at tho recent meeting there. Southern papors ¡ill speak most highly of bim and his prowess. Wo could do with a few uko him iu Brisbane. I seo that tho sum total disbursed at tho Hawkesbury mooting was 2059 sovs. Not bo very much moro (in fact only 0 sovs.) than we givo away at a mooting boro. Surely with worse cattle to meet it would' pay tho Southrons to give us a visit. But tho handi- capping is tho rub. I see from tho Reface that tho /first progeny of Nordcnfelt has mudo her appearance into tho world, a filly from Efm. Rather inbred too, as Flin is full histor tu Martini-Henry. Only one of his (Nordenfolt's) mares has miaseef, which is a great success for ft hor»e in his first season. Abercorn has placed ihe A.J.O. Derby to Mr. AVhito's credit; onco moro ; and, not content with winning tíio blue riband, that moat fortunate of owners won two other races with Carlyon and the mighty Trident. Appponded is Aborcorn's .breeding, and it will bo noticed that he comíanos the best blood for stoutness and speed ra. the countrv, having three strains of Sir Hercules. one of YVeathorbit, and ono of Stockwell. Breeding good onough for any thing and any country. Cap - a - pi " - (imp. Paraguay (imp.) Sir Hercules Paradigm Tros (imp.) iVHco Giay Praira Ally Tho Baron Pocahontas Austrey Harkaway Leila Syhia Kous' Emigrant (imp.) Qulnaro (imp.) Olencoo Marpcssa Kelpie (imp.) Gaslight (imp.) Fisher man (imp.) Juliet (imp.) Economist Nabocklish filly Emilius Apollonia Wertherbit Child of tho Mist Sir Hercules Factory Girl Touchstone Lauca shir o "NVitch Spéculation Scipio (imp.) Cantaloup« P a r a g u a y Sir Hercules (imp.) Paio'ligm Clovo (imp.) Hybla In answor to tho query, " Why aro our best horses sont to Australia to raco ?" tho sporting writer of Iho Canterbury (N./i.) Times replies as under :-r-" AVo claro fihy there aro sovoral reasons whioh induce Now Zealand owners to try their fortunes on (ho other sido of tho water ; but tho principal attraction is undoubtedly tho possibility of turning good horses to moro profitable account. It docs not follow, as our I'orrobpondoiit would probably wMi us to con cludo, that our system of racing is inferior to that followed in Australia; it is merely a question of numbers and wo.ilth. If tho population of Now Zealand woro numerically iiqiial to that ol' Victoria and Now South AValcs, tho racing hero would bo quite oqnal in every respect to that at Mornington and Randwiok. It is no idlo bo ist, either, to say tho thorough broils raised in this oolony aro generally superior to thoso producod in Australia. Our horses, owiug to climatic advantagos, aro in adviineo of our raoing, and it is no wonder that men who find thonisolvos ponsossod of animals equal, or slightly superior, to thoso miming in countries whom hotter stakes aro ofl'erod should join in competition for tho richer prizes. Of cotirbo Iho strength of tho Australian ring has an all rael ion fur certain owners ; hut this, too, is supported by population, and, until wo havo grown a littlo oidor and a little moro wealthy, wo musí bo content to loso aniitiully ono or two of our host performers. Tho English thoroughbred btallion Sword danoo, which was purchased te tho order of tho Now ¿talland Stud Company, has arrived safoly at Auckland. Tho prico paid for tho horso waa 000 guineas. Friar's Balsam, tho English oraek two-year old, has had 10,000 guineas refusod for him. Tho offer wns mudo by an Indian Rajah. Tho L'riuco of AValcs lins given his two-yoar old colt Falcon away to John Porter, tho trainor. Though costing 500 guineas as a year- ling, tho oolt has turned out a completo failure How do Uley do it? " Thoy toil not, &o.;" Yet Mr. John Robinson, of Nottingham, a lending linglish bookmaker, "hall piïrohusêd Thurgaiion Priory, ono of tho historical n\atr> sioiis in Iho counfy of Notts, for, it is said, COO,000. Tho estate comprises 1757 aorcs, unit in July last was oirornd for salo in London, and withdrawn at £31,500. It is on record that a formor ownor of Tluirgnrton Priory loBfc COO,000 at carda to tho Marquis of Hastings, who held tho tillo doods, but subsequently roturncd thom to tho ownor. Tho mansion houso nt tho timo ol' tho salo was tho residonco of tho Bishop of Southwell. A good story is told of Robert Poole, tho great English trainer. Ho had an animal ontorcd for a Quoon's Plato of 500 sovs., 2 milos, woight for ago, throo to sturt or no ruco. AVoll, out of a do/on or so entries only throo woro Ipft in, Pock's horso and two other great dons that had frightonodownorsout of Iho raco. Now each of tho owuors of tho two horses loft in was vory anxious to havo tho raco run, as thoy had heavy / sido wagers on, and tbo 500 sovs. was not tobo/ snoozed at. Each in turn went to.Poaki.tolliuf/ him thoy would givo him £100 Ho slart'-hls) boroo (that, by tho way, had not a ghost of/a show of winning), pay his entries, lind givo'Mim besides half tbo sínicos if thoir horso won. Robert tho astute closed with each orfor, »cither ownor knowing about tho oihor's bargain, and consequently the rnco eanio off, Peck getting his monoy boforohand/ Now oomes tho point. Tho riders of tho twi> oruoks woro, of conreo, told not to bother nbntit rook's horso but lo walch each other. Coi/sequently l'ook's animal establinhod it long leii'i while tho othor two wera waiting on onuh oj,her olosely. Liko a fliiBh it carno to Peck that with tho load his horso hud, if he oould only RÍay it out, ho oould win ; so galloping down ki tho rails at tho turu lie shouted to bia bi/y to go in and win, whioh ho did, tho ridors of tho/Othor two after a moat desperate finish b/ing beaton by a length. So tho wily Peck got his 200 BOVS., his doublo uci'optanco, and tlio stakes as well. Tho progeny of Doilar,/tho siro of Rupeo i (dum of Spudo Guinea), aro coining to tho front in Jil anco. At tho Amiens race mooting, hold 'on 10th aud 11th July,' tho principal ovonts woro seomod by his stock; Mdllo. Byart, by Dollar from Jouuo Proiiiicro : Avruil, by Dollar Irom Piintanicro ; undUrgrnco, by Dollar from Promibo, being tho mo/>t suocossíul performers. Tu tho lotiirns of Indian racing by tho last mail (»ays "Augur" in tho Australasian) I notiood that tho anoiont Ali Abdooln was to tho foio ag'iin, mid winning racos with Arabs. On Iho foiuth day of tho Bangalow» mc.ot.iug tho English horno Charlen Stuart, by Priuco Charlie, again mot some Austi'iiliapH in tho Stewards' Cup, and as tho distanco was only a milo it was thought that tho Britisher would win, but tho Australian maro Signal carried 9st. lilli, to his f'Ht. Gib., and boat him easily hy two longtliH in Imin, 40.«oo. In tho Agram StooploohitHo tho Australian Chfltsworfch carriedj 12st. 2lb., giving lumps of' woight to Every- thing, and won oiisily'. \ At tho Calcutta Sky* rucos, fjio Arab pony; Laddie béat'a cdiiplo" of coloni'À jmiioR, but' tbo Australian Fishwifo won tho Criterion and Aushalusian Stakes, and Pygmalion carried oil' tho Hooghly Stakes. Tho St. Loger was won by Mr. J. M'Kenna'a h.p. Kilwnrlino, by Arbitrator-Hasty Girl, Mr. Abington'» b.c. Merry Hampton being /coonil, and Mr. Manten'« o.o. Timothy, by /Hormit-Lady Mahsam, third. DouhÚOBS tho aocidont to Merry Hampton, of whioh wo wore apprised by oablo, prevented tho Derby winner from gotting first past tho post. The following paragraph from the Fall Mall liudijel of llth August has a vory decided hearing on tho controversy concerning the valuo of lasoars as beamon. "The Wreck Commihhioncr, Mr. II. C. Rothery, gave judg- ment on Monday in the inquiry into tho cir- cumstances attending tho loss of tho Peninsular und Oriontal Company's steamer Tasmania off tho coast of Corsica in May last, whereby about thirty-nino livos wero lost. Tho court' woro of opinion that tho Peninsular and Oriental Company took proper and sufficient caro in tho selection of their officers. Aa to whether tho vessel was properly or efficiently; manned thoy wero of opinion that provision should havo boen mado to have ono officer always on tho bridgo throughout tho night, watches. As to tho lascars, thoy seemed to havo boon tho on!}' Koamou who, on this ooaa-^ sion, conducted thombolvos, thoroughly woll..' In tho opinion of tho court tho second officer was chiefly to blamo for the casualty. . Loft in solo charge of tho deck, ho continued at full speed, with a fresh and increasing breeze,, without taking precautions to see whether or not ho was being driven to' leo ward by ascer-" taining and verifying his position. More' reoklocs navigation it had seldom been the lot of that» court to see, and it would do what ifr could te mark its sense of his conduct by SUB- ' pendincr his certificate for two years." . J 