£i&i;'cJlni^oii5~ Teats of Jockeys— lmn Lul 1 j sisrl-ecl rfVTfm u* insTncc^f rrib' Dirt \ that h oonld La* ?« n on cab rtf b liri ihreL lion^s him t Lnow v.ho lii n mj two jotlnr 1b t - j p -snd n m w r but 3 | can quite nnd i* 1 itl tb' tn n;; H ng i j Bibl_ Two men h it n id n h 1 ou n hoi; in ?. race. Aftir it wii* ivr thi. v nnc ^ho only pained the vwdi t b\ a ncaJ ma to m« opponent, — J 3vow if icu 1 1 c 1 w 11 chan c hori. t and run for tbe same siDDimt njmin. weipiitb aud distances as before.'1 3'hi« the other jutnpad nt., and, after due j limjif it -was run oft, when, to his utter as j lonisbmsat, tbo losur of the firat race was j again -beaten, and the losing hoist bucczss ifuL ! Many instances are to be Tcod of whore : j jockeys, after winning a race or match, lave peiBuaded some friend or moBtcr to buy the noree that was opposed to them nad make a match with the winner, in which case the Tefluithns been i-cycrsed. TJie^ ' Drjiid^' records one or two instances in which the Cbifneys accomplished feats of ibis Bort. Of course, BometimeE it may hajipen, from their not considering the beaten horso quite np to the mark nt tbe time he ran; but it is xocorded also that, in well kiiown cascB, the}- have seen that he ihas not been so handled as to make the most of -iim, A Ourions OnBtom.— It is well known uiat in iae oiacn times many iioliaay diver- . Bioas, and eren occasional 'fairs, vrtre held within the precincts of English parish churcheH. For instance, in the registers at Win Chester there is to be seen a copy of a mandate from William of Wykcbam which forbids the celebration of gameB in the church and the churchyard of Kinsrston-Qn-Tbames. It would appear, ljowcver^ tbat even this Btrong measure did not prevent the practice of an ancient custom, of which little or no thing is known, except that it is thought to have-been pocuh'ar to Kingston, but which was carried on in the church itself during divine service down to tbe beginning of this century. The congregation used to crack nuts during the service on the Stradsv before tbe eve of St. Michael's Day. Hence that Sunday was called '?' Crack-nut Simday.' The enstom was not restrained nor confined to the yonn'ger branches of the congregEtion, but practised alike by roan j and old ; aud it is on record that the noif e caused- by tbe cracking was often so loud and bo powerful as to oblige tbe minister to break up for a time his reading or his sermon until silence WH3 restored. The above custom was thought by one or two antiquarians 1o have been connected in some way;,pr -other with-- the choosing of bailifEs or dlhar .membErs of ths corporate body -3O Sfle'iMolmas day, and was the usual fenst vttlsi jjitiended that proceed ing' £?','? ' When the Bra£as.are Out '—Two re markable and wonderful cases of recovery from bullet wounds lisvc lately taken place in London. In one case, that of a giil who was shot by her lover, the bullet is deeply imbedded in. the hesid, too deep to admit of any operation ; yet the patient has been dis The other case was one of attempted suicide, the sufferer havinffSbot himself in tbe head with a revol ver. In this case, too, the bullet is still in the brain, aad in such a position, as to prevent the operation of extraction. In spite of this, the patient has been discharged from hospital care, and it is said that he Buf fers no inconvenience from the consegnencs of his rash act. A enrions coincidence in connection with these cases is that both shots were fired on tbe same day, tbe nineteenth of June, and tbat both cases were treated in the London Hospital. ' The times have been,' says ' Shakespeare, 'that when the brains were out, the man would die.' The poet puts these words into the mouth of Macbeth, when that wicked king sees the_ ghost of the murdered Banquo rise before him. In the case just cited we have a reality which no poet could equal in romance. People walking abont in the flesh with ballets in their brains are certainly far more wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous recoveries from what, a few yeara ago, would have meant certain death, must be credited to surgical skill and tbe modern antiseptic method of treating wounds. Tragic Use of a Telephone.— if we are to believe a stoir told by the Belgian corres pondent of the i'igarn, the telephone has re cently been put upon novel duty in Brussels under circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of tbat city mis took, it appears, tbe civilities of a young man who -visited at her parent's house for atten tions of a more serious nature. To her great surprise and mortification, however, she learned some little timeego that he was en gaged to one of her friends. Shortly after she made the discovery the young man re ceived a summons to place himself in tele phonic rapport with a friend who bad some thing to say to him/ The friend turned ont to be the young lady who loved him not wisely but, as the sequel shows, too welL Without wasting time on preliminaries, she asked him point- blank if it was true- tlat he was going to marry Mademoiselle - ? He replied that it was quite true. ' Then good-bye for ever,'- were the next words which reached his cars, and they were imme diately followed by the report of a fire arm. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet in her heart. . She had thus, with the aid of the telephone, made tbo man for whom she had sacrificed herself assist at hersnicide, while pntting it absolutely ont of his power to do do anything to prevent it A Dream Saves a Dog.2rhere was great rejoicing in a certain household in the town of A ? one morning over the restora tion of a pet dog. Tbe dog hail been miss ing for three weeks, and even a three-line advertisement in the local papers failed to discover his whereabouts. The owner was plunged in grief at the unaccountable disap pearance of Dot, and was nearly prepared to suspect tha neighbors of foul play. It also worried the almost life-long employee of the family, and one night his sleep was troubled by dreams in which he constantly saw the missing dog in aa old, unused cell, partly filled up with dirt and ashes, beneath the sids piazza. He was so deeply impressed by the dream tbat he wes unable to sleep after midnight, and at six o'clock the next morning tie household was startled by the sound of loud hammering on the side.piazs«. The man was removing the floorin?, and, sure enough, when the well was exposed to view, there was the missing dog,- alive and well, and overjoyed at the prospect of libera tion. Although confined three weeks in this narrrow prison, without food or water, and air not of the purest, Dot seemed ^3 lively as ever, with no appearanca of ema ciation. A Wonderful City.— The city of London is the most wonderful place in the whole world, and its frequenters the most wonder ful people. It is the smallest of cities, but the most valuable. It has an area of one square mile, bnt that one square mile pro duces a rent$ of four millions perannnia,and its inhabitants pay one-seventh of the general rates (if the whole Metropolis, which has an area of one hundred anil twenty square miles. Land is now sometimes sold in the country at about ten pounds per acre, which is equal to a halfpenny per square yard. It has been sold in the city at six mmirctl ami forty pounds per sqnaro yaixf. In other wonls, the price af a stjuaro yard of land in. Lombard street hns realized a sura that would purchase a nice little freehold es. tato in Berkshire of sixty-four acre?. It ia calouliit^l that twn thnus.-iml ptsipM flnter tbo city daily, Sundays cxccptcil, in hopa of making money without ' toiling or spin ning.' ;s;j5 