LOCAL NEWS. THE WATER SUPPLY SCHEME -The reticulation pipiH in connexion with the water supply for West Maitland are being laid A largo number of men is engaged in the work, which is proceeding satis taetonly To-morrow evening Alderman Relton is to a*k the Borough Council to affirm that steps be taken to complote the reticulation scheme, by arranging foi the connection of the houses with the ?upplv pipes EAsr MAITLAND POLICE COURT-There was no police business at the East Maitland police court ou Tuesday In the small debts division, Mr F. I S Isaacs, J P .adjudicating, Alexander John Sheer«* sued William Dalton to rec iver the Bum of £1 lg balance of contract The defence was that the wot k had not been satisfactorily completed, in con- sequence of which the full amount had not been paid A verdict waa given for the plaintiff, with 5s cost of court MAGISTERIAL APPOINTMENTS -The Gosetto of Friday says Mr Edward Reeve, P M , IB to be the licensing magistrate and official member of the Licensing Court of the licensing district of Port Macquarie, vice Ruthven , Mr Edward Jones, P M, is to be the licensing magistrate and official member of the Licensing Court tor the liceusing district of Wollombi, vice Robinson , Mr Edward Jones, JP, now acting as clerk of petty sessions at Nariandera, ia to be police magistiateand clerk of petty session« at Wollombi THE PRICE OP FROZEN MOTTON -The CireuZarof the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Com- pany shows that the price of frozen mutton received from April to August has ranged from 3d to4fd per pound, the top price having boen above 4Jd in the case of one cargo only, and above 4Jd in only two cases The average for even New Zealand mutton must have been uuder 4d, which leaves but id for the shippers The avoiage for River Plato mutton has been under 3}d a pound TRUSTEES APPOINTFD -The Gazette of Friday contains notice of the appointment of the following trustees Portion of the general cemetery at Waratah, parish of Newcastle, set apart for Bap- tist burial ground, viz -Messrs John Williams, Henry Hardyman, William Matthews, Henry James Dennett, William Williams, James Young, William Maddock Bingara common, to hold office for the unexpired period of three years from January, 1880, vice Linden, resigned, Mr. Wm Parnell THE DEMAND FOR AUSTRALIAN WINES IN ENGLAND AND SCOTLAND-"Anglo-Austiahan" in European Matt says -I am much pleased to an- nounce that the Austiahan Wine Importers find at piesent a îeally good inquiry for cheap sound wines, and a laige quantity of Australian wines has been placed I am told, too, that a new and non-intoxicating beverage is Bhortly to be placed before the public, and in the production of this Australian wines will be very largely used During the first ten or eleven days of this month (August) the arrivals hore of Australian wine equalled about 11,000 gallons Mr Collyns tells me that a good demand is now noticeable fiom all health resorts, and, what is striking and suggestive, Scot- land seems to be a large consumer 'Uns is prob ably the consequence of a keener climate, which contributes to a fuller appreciation of the distinc- tive chaiactenstics of these admirable wines, which shortly summed up, are body and strength SHEBP AS AN ADTUNCT TO FARMIVG -A Mmesota farmei, who had been experimenting on the cost of keeping sheep, concludes that they aro an exceed- ingly profitable adjunct to farming operations He says it is safe to say that the increase of his flock will cover the cost of his keeping it, leaving the wool for clear profit, or keeping may be charged against the wool, winch will not exhaust it all, leaving tho lambs a ele ii profit COLLEGE TOR WOMFN -We seo bj a noto ia St James' JCaleudar Gazette, that .£1000 has been sub- scribed for this puipose But ¿C1000 moro aro wanted PERMISSION TO PURCHASE -A notice m the Qttzetle of Friday specifies the names of persona who will be peimitted to purchase certain Crown land^fïO THE PRIME MINISTFR'S DEFINITION OF L-inruTY A ya -In the first of his promised series of addresses at » Balmain on Monday evening Sir Henry Parkes, saying neithei Stuart Mill s nor May's definition of liberty see med to him to be suftieiently full, read the following one which he had wntten himself "Hint well 01 dei ed and generally aecopted condi- tion of individual secuuty and independence which by the achievement of a long line of noble advocates tlnougli centuries of sttuggle has giown into a familiar possession of all men of our nation It took loot in the Boil ages ago, its giowth was hacked and tom-one day by the open enemy, another by its false fuentls It has at times been ttampled underfoot by the Mle and lgnonnt, who who could not see its exquisite beauty, nor compre- hend its unfolding blessings But it has lived tluough all changes and conflicts putting out more haidy shoots and spreading ovei to fresh fields, until at length its glorious foliage overshadows eveiy English home It is because of tlip struggles for existenee, the slowness and eertainty of its growth, and the sublimo perseverance and the soul sustaining fore knowledge of its champions and detendeis, that British hbetty is of the hard fibre and deep rooted strength which it presents to the world lhere is nothing spasmodic or empnical about it It is neither a copy not an imitation, it is an all suffering powei to itself The French Revolution, with its frightful excesses and its ter- mination in a militaiy despotism, would have been impossible m English hands " _ AUSTRALIAN REPUBLICAN UNIOV -We have re- cen ed from the Hon Secret ny, a copy of the Hiles j of the Union, the objects of which oie-(a) To en- courage a national Australian sentiment (b) To aim at the abolition of all titulai distinctions among Australians, which have the effect of estab- lishing a fictitious standard of merit (c) To ripen a desire on the part of Australians to conduct their own affairs (d) To help to build up a Federated Australian Republic (c) To onr-ourage Australian talent As we lemarked some time ago, com- menting on the Union meeting *u August, when the rules were adopted, this is a free countty, and if men choose to devote their energies to such superfluous work as the promulgation of republican punciples, no one can ptevent them It pleases them, and lunts nobody JUBILEE ADDSESSES, &.O -A notice in the Gazette of Fuday contains a letter fiom the Secretary of State tor the Colonies, acknowledging on behalf of the Queen îeceipt of the follDwing addresses or message* of congi atulation -From the citizens o£ Armidale, from the inhabitants of Glen Innes, from the Freemasons of New England, from the inhabitants of Gunnedah, from the Copeland Jubilee Committee Sir Henry Holland is commanded to request Lord Carlington to convey to the persons and bodies coneeined her Majesty's thanks for their kind expressions of attachment and loyalty to her throne and nerson " PALMISTBT, QR HAND-READING."-Mr. James Main, of West Matiland, has handed us a copy of his father's treatise on palmistry or hand-reading, which is an " epitome of this revived science from the best authors." Palmistry, which Mr. Maia defends and explains in his preface and introduc- tion, is " a system of reading the character, of revealing the past, and of foretelling the futuro events of any person's life, by the size and consist- ence of the hands, the shape of the fingers, and by certain lines, marks and hillocks on the palms of the hands." To make the matter clear, the text is accompanied by diagrams and illustrations, and the science is expounded with great minuteness and evident faith in its potency. By the aid of this book, the inquisitive may be enabled to pursue investigation very far into their own characters and those of thoir friends. HISTORY REPEATED.-The revelations of the select committee of the Legislative Council on the practice of medicine and surgery, calls to mind the preamble of an Act of Henry the Eighth, which recites that "physickand surgery is practised by persons who have no manner of insight in tho samo," and "common artificers as smiths, weavers» and women boldly and accustomably take upoa than cures of things of great difficulty in tho which they partly use sorcery or witchcraft, pardly ¿kft ! apply such medicines as be very noious and *%* nothing meet thereof, to the high displeasure of f * God, great infamy of the faculty, and the grievous hurt, damage, and destruction of many of tho King's liege people, mo3t especially of them that | cannot discern the cunning from the unQunuing," FREE TKADE IN EAST MAITLAN» -The meet ing of tho.e favourable to the t.. .nation of a Sanch of the Free Trade Association ID B .st Mart land on Tuesday evening atti act« d but few per ^s to the Mechanics' Institute, but this was said to be owing «to the fict that other «»portant gatherings were held clsewhe.e at the same time, fhus detaining several gentlemen interestedm the ssrws ÍA4S luv T w r Waller cave the names ot the iouow X ¿nüemeí wS wfre m favoui of che forma «on Of tfe branch -Me.srs G T Chambers S Clift, Muaa.vv ?Lrï^l-'p A_nott \i \v Lewis, jun,H SSSSIÄdtscussion it was çon».de.ed w>s in T" untd theUth ÄiW-Ö ïhïï was SÄ! on tue mothion°of Mr VVatler, seconded tv Mr Maitland, the business ended 'PRLBWFRIAW SUNDAT SCHOOLS EXAMINATION -We have leceived a copy ot 2 he Presbyterian con taimngtheawards madeat the general examination mhmhei lelmous instruction in connection with Se pVesbytenan Sunday Schools in New South Wales We make the following extracts from the list Subject-Conder's » Lifeot Christ "-students over l8 yeais Florence Morro*, St Stephens, East Mutland, silver medalist under l8 years, Akxandcr Thompson, Hinton, certificate of honour Semor scripture, for students under l8 yeais John Stonham, V C Mitchell, Ernest P B>«Ty, E Itonham A Ramsay, St Stephen's, East Myland Alex Thompson, Hinton, and Agues Paterbon, East Maitland, prizes and certificates of honour. Junior Scripture, under 14 years Florence Morrow Katie Stonham, Geoige W Lackey, East Maitland, and Arthur J Junoi,prizes, Jenniei Cunningham, Alex D Craig, Floia McNish, and Elizabeth Mitchell, East Maitland, and Wilhelmina A Thompson, Hin ton, certificates of honour Under 11 years A J Moirow, St Stephen's East Maitland prize Edith Moon,K Mckay, C Mitchell, St Stephen s, East Maitland, Claudixa Stonham, Flora Crichton, and Acnes E Houston, East Maitland, certificates of honour Scnioi Catechism, under l8 years E Stonham, A C Mitchell, E P »anisay, J Stonham, St Stephen's, East Maitland, Milly Bonrne, West Maitland and Alexander Thompson, Hinton, prizeB, A Ramsay, A Pateison, St Stephen's, East Maitland, cer- tificates ot honor Junior Catechism, under 14, years K Stonham, A D Craig, F Monow, E Mitchell, J Cunningham, St Stephens, Last Wmrlnml and Wilhelmina A Thomson, prizes, Martha"Pender, Alfred Pender, West Maitland, F. M'Nish, A. Moore, St. Stephen's, East Maitland, and Arthur J. Junor, certificates of honor. Under 11 years: C. Stonham, Edith Moon, A. J. Motrow, F. Crichton, M. A. Craig, St. Stephen's, East Maitland, L.zzie Pender, West Maitland, prizes ; E. Wann, C. Mitchell, St. Stephen's, East Maitland, and Jane Thomson, Hinton, certificates of honor. Senior Essays-" Life of Knox," over l8 years : Harriet P. Stuart, Agnes E. Scott, Hinton, prizes ; A. E. A. Stonham, East Maitland, cer- tificate of honor. Under l8 years : John Stonham, East Maitland, certificate of honor. Junior Essays-"The Life of Jesus Christ," under 14 years : Wilhelmina Thomson, Hinton, certificate of honor. SPINNING SILKWORM THREAD.-It is stated in ¡Engineering in a communication from their reporter at the yearly meeting, in Washington, of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, that the Ü. S. Government is trying to experimentally find out the way to manufacture the Bilken thread as made by the worms. In a building set apart for the purpose a number of girls are employed to do this, employing a machine made for the purpose. So far, the object is to find the way to make the silk thread strong enough to bear it3 own weight, and to be wound on reels. ACCIDENT TO A CHILD.-A son of Mr. John Standen, of Dunmore, met with a very painful accident some few days sinco. The little fellow was playi jf about his father's promises, and fell from a fence on to the ground, fracturing his arm a little above the elbow joint. Tho child was brought into .»Maitland, and seen by Dr. Power, who reduced the fracture, and the patient is getting on nicely. THE DAIRIES SUPERVISION ACT.-The desirable- ness of haviug the Dairies Supervision Act extended to West Maitland has been frequently urged at the meetings of the local Borough Council. A circular has been received from the Secretary of the Board of Health by the Council Clerk, couched in these terms : " As it appears from reports furnished to this Board that the dairies of Newcastle and Mait- land are not in a satisfactory condition, I am desired to draw your attention to the subject, and to suggest the desiiablonees of the provisions of the Dairies Supervision Act being extended to Maitland. Tnn CENTENNIAL MOVEMENT AT MAITLAND.-A meeting of the Centennial Celebration Committee -was held at the Ma3onic Hall, High-street, West Maitland, on Tuesday evening. Dr. R. J. Pierce, Mayoi of the Borough, oecupied the thair, and there were also present Messrs Ro s, Pritehard, R A Young, Holmes, N D Cohen, Lipscomb, and H U Capper Apologies were tendí red for the absence of Messrs E Blair, John Lee, W H Mullen, R Scobie, H J Adams, and G L Lee Minutes of the previous meeting were eonfirmed Mr Cohen explained that his purpose in suggesting that the committee should be called together «as with the object of consideimg the desirableness of asking the Boiough Council to expedite» its decision with fegard to the proposal now before the Council, in 01 dei that steps might be taken to have the foundation stone of th« hall laid on the anni versaiy of the colony, if the movement was suceess ful Aftoi a eonveisational discussion, in the course of which the opinion was generally expiessed that theie i\as a desire on the part of the Council to assist the committee, it was resolved that the Secretary (Mr H G Smith) communieate with the Boiough Council, suggesting that the matter will íeceive its most favourable and early consideration The Committee adjourned THE SYDNEY SOUP KircHr-N -At the annual meeting on Monday night of the Sydney Soup Kitchen and Night Refuge, a report was adopted which showed that during the year just passed the institution had, as heretofore, been daily engaged in supplying the necessities of the poor and the dcstitude with food and sheltei All who piesented themselves had beon provided for in this way, irrespective of creed or country, so far as the resources of the institution had enabled the com- mittee to meet those demands Au showing the great benefits conferred on the poor and needy, the committee desired to call the attention of the Bubscribors and the public to the following facts, ?viz -During the yeai no less than G0,111 meals ¿ad been given away, and sheltei had been affoided in 23,241 instances, being a daily average of 1C5 meals and G3 nightly shelteis As many as 1431 separate and distinct individuals had availed them- selves of the benefits of the chanty, thus snowing that the same persons did not apply daily The free registry office in connection with the institu- tion had beon the means of great usefulness, having provided employment for 310 persons, G8 of whom had received permanent engagements at satisfactory remuneration The general fund had received ¿E571, and paid away .£586, thus having a balance against it of ¿32 14s lOd A new building Lad been erected at a cost of ¿S4230, but with the exception of £350, tLe money was in hand to clear off the debt Before the meeting ended, consider- able sums were subscribed to reduce the oveidraft ENGLISH CHORAL MUSIC-Mr J S Cunvenin the C'ontenijporarj/ ror August discusses the progress of popular music in the mother country, where lie is of opinion the outlook is full of hope, and he quotes the testimony of such eminent authorities as M. Gounod and the late Ferdinand Hiller to the fact that England is at the present time, " the exemplar of choral music to the world." Mr. Curwen adds, " If we can organise th« singers and players, there is no limit to the point of popular musical culture that may be reached by our people, with their deep love for the art, their vigorous public life, their social habits, and their good natural endowments." D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.-It will be seen that this! entertainment will be continued during the .week. On Saturday there will be a special perfor- mance for children. '' CROWN LANDS SALE AT STOCKTON.-We direct attention to the sale, by Messrs, Edwards and ) Tighe, on the ground, at half- past two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, of the unsold portions of land, forming part of the Stockton township. For terms and other particulars, see advertisement. Communicated, NORTHERN JOCKEY CLUB-Last evening a me et mg of the eoniinittee of the Noither» Jockey Club was held at the club rooms, Main's Hotel the President, Mt H J Adams, J P, being in the chair The minutes of the pri VIOUB meeting were read and confirmed lne Secietary (Mr W C Quinton) read a statement showing that the nsult ot the late raee meeting was a financial Buceéis, I and left the club with a satisfactory balance in hand Several aceounts were passed for payment, and the meeting terminated TnE LAROFbT ONE ARCH BRIDGE IN THE WORLD It has been said by many that the longest single arch bridge in the world was the iron Grosvenor Bridge, over the Dee, England It has a span of 200 feet. But a larger exists near Washington, U S It is situated about six miles from Washing- ton, and is called the Cabin John Bridge, from its I being erected o\er the Cabin Tohn Creek Its I span is 220 feet, and is of granite How TO NEUTRALISE THE SUN'S HEAT-Mr Thomas Walker, of the Sydney University, tolls of a method by which the heat of the sun can be en- tirely neutralised, so far astopie\ent any incon venience whatever, even on the hottest day The plan is simpheity itself all that is necessary being to line the hat or parasol with material of the following ( olours-green, orango, and puiple Ihe order of position is liiimatenal, the theory being that these are the paiticulir colours which absorb the thermal propeities of the sun's rays The theory of this absorption of heat by the three colours named has been obtained fiom studies of spectrum analysis, and its practical coriectness has boen proved Mi Walker says, by actual experi- ment, a person's head haviug been kept perfectly cool on the hottest day No MORIS HARD TIMES -If you will stop spend- ing so much on fine clothes, ucli food and style, buy good, healthy food, cheaper and better clothing, get moie real and substantial things of life every way, and especially stop the foolish habit of employing expensive quack doctors or using so mueh of the vile humbug medicine that does you only harm, but put your trust in that simple, pmo remedy, DR SOULE'S AMERICAN HOP BITTERS , that cures always at a trifling cost, and you will see good times and have good health ' Chronicle " 710G SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-Yesterday forenoon Mr. Murray, jun" had a singular misfortune. He was standing on a spring cart in the act of cleaning it, when the tail-board of the vehicle caine down with some force on to the great toe of his left foot, and held it as firmly as it weie secured by a vic«. The nail was broken off fromlthe flesh, and portion of the bone of the toe fractured. It was with some difficulty that the too was extricated. The services of Dr. Power were enlisted, and the injuries attended to. THE STATE HOUSE.-On Tuesday, October 11, Mr. Dibbs is to move for leave to bring in a bill to repeal the Ccutennial Celebration Act, 51 Vic, No. 0, so far as that Act applies to the erection of a State House on the Centennial Park. Mr. Dibbs is also to remove,-that this House will on Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of considering the expediency of bringing in a bill to appropriate the sum of .£150,000 from the proceeds of the sale of a portion of the Centennial Park for the erection of a State House, to bo used as Houses of Parliament, on the site in Macquarie-stroet purchased for that purpose. THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT. - This monu- ment was originnlly intended by General Wash- ington as a memorial of the achievement of liberty by the united colonists, of what is now the United States. But after his death, the Congress resolved to make it a tribute to General Washington per- sonally. It is 500 feet high to the top of the ordinary work, above which extends a pyramid carrying the statue of Washington. The erection was commenced in 18t8, and continued till 1855. Work was then suspended, and was not resumed until 1878. The foundations were then examined, and were strengthened by 12G feet of Portland cement concrete, and werenlso extended downward for above twelve foot. The total weight is estimated at 81,120 tons. Inside the shaft is a staircase and an elevator ; and the visitors who go up inside to the top have a grand view for many miles around. SAFELY HIDDEN.-Mr. Howard Paul tells a good story of Artemus Ward. He and Artemus visited at a house one day where they had to wait for some time in the drawing-room. Artemus discovered the card-tray, and observed that his hostess had been fortunate enough to obtain the card of a noble lord, which she carefully displayed on the top of the pack. He put it beneath the carpet unob- served. When ho next paid a visit to that house the caid was back iu its place, nicely scraped and cleaned. He next hid it on the top of the curtains. It was found again. Then he tried behind the piano and beneath a flower pot, but the precious card was always got. At last he hid it in the family Bible, and that did them. The house went into mourning. MAKING TUBES FROM SOLID BRASS.-Mr. G. II. Babcock is engaged in trying to perform this feat, says the Engineering's reporter at the meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. So far as a commencement is concerned, the reporter says the process is a success, in both brass and steel. But he appears to think the tubes shown wove imperfect. GOILTY OF WRONO.-Some people have a fashion of confusing excellent remedies with the large mass of " patent medicines," and in this they are guilty of a wrong. There are somo advertised remedies fully worth all that is asked for them, and one at least we know of : Dr. Soule's American Hop bitters. Tho writer has had occasion to use the bitters in just sucli a climate as we have most of the year in Bay City, and has always found them to be first-class and reliable, doing all that is claimed for them. "Tribune." 710G THE PROGRESS or IRELAND.-In the Nineteenth Century for August Professor Leone Levi has a paper on the material progress of Ireland, which deals with hard facts and indisputable figures ; and theso prove that during the last thirty years, " the most distressful country that ever yet was seen" has made, in proportion to her population, oven greater progress than England and Scotland. There has been an increase of 167 per cent, in the number of persons whose incomes range from ¿6200 to .£500 per annum, of 175 per cent, in the numbei of depositors in the savings banks, and of 237 per cent, in the amount standing to the credit of each. THE CONSTRUCTION OFLOCOMOTIVES.-The Herald understands that the Government on Tuesday received a communication from local manufactures offering to construct all the locomotives required by the Railway Department at 5 per cent, advance on cost price. The effect of the offer is that private firms will, if their terms are acceded to, carry out the work at a profit of 5 per cent, upon the material they import and the labour they provide. In con- nection with this matter it may be stated that a rumour has been current in commercial circles for the past few days that an order has been sent to America for 10 locomotives. A GREAT WATER CONSERVATION PROJECT.-The Minister ofJMines has decided to visit Lake Urana on Thursday week, for the purpose of inspecting some important works of irrigation and water con- servation which the Government are carrying out there. The works, it is believed, can be carried out at no great expense to the country, and they will serve to irrigate an area of hundreds of thousands of acres of the richest agricultural land I in the Riverina, as well as to give a permane t supply of water to the town of Urana. A. scientific gentleman who has examined tho spot says that Lake Urana, without spending a shilling upon it, will hold seven times as much water as the Prospect Reservoir. SALE OF COTTAGE.-Wo direct attention to the sale, by Mr. O. K. Young, on the ground, Horse- shoe Bend, West Maitland, at three o'clock to- morrow (Friday) afúernoon, of an allotment of land in Plaistowe-stroet, with cottage. See adver- tisement.-CoirnniHvicafctl. A rather unpleasant picture is drawn by a so- ciety paper of the aged Empress Augusta of Ger- many. She is fourteen years younger than her I husband, and still she continues assiduously to re- pair, by aid of art, the ravages of time. Imagine a face wrinkled and pinched, topged by an enor- mous black wig, sunken cheeks glowing with un- natural color, a pair of dark, lustreless eyes staring into vacancy, a scrawny neck, once the admiration and envy of the court now a mass of cords and sinews ; a figure bent with age and infirmities, sup- ported by a stout walking-stick or leaning upon the arm of an attentant, and you have a picture of the Empress as she appears in public or at court festivals. 