Perfection in Christ. .' By REV. STauk GUY PEABSE," , Preachod. in tlio Motropotttan Tabcniuclo, Sun . . . day, Morning, December 12,. 1S8G, "Bo pcrfc'ct 5 Ijo .of good erotfort.'.'-2 Cor. xffl. I THINK, dear friends, as -wo look at this text, wo eliall nil fed, after a littlq reflec tion,^ if it wero a very contradictory one. "Bo' perfeot." Oh, doar! wo do not like that. Somebody say«: "You know,I do not boliovd in perfection."! Dear friend, what thou bclievcst is Very- little matter. . When God speaks it is of very littU 1130 for theo to -look up and: edj-i "I do aot.beliovo in perfection." I havo no ihoory about perfection. I am not going to tell theo what this perfection may moan, for I think I shall , never, never know; but I do .want fiiee this day to go right up.to your God and my: "My God, what this porteotion is thou Imowest, and I want thea to give it tsJ inc." Sir, if thou dost not believe iii perfec tion X would have thoo end the controversy speedily. " Bo perfect; bo of good comfort." Oh, that seems to 'say: "Tako it easy! what do you want to go frotting yourselves for! If you are not as good as somo. people, never mind; you are not as bad as somo are. You must take the average' and you will pass vory wellintheorowd." "Bo of good comfort." How, my brethren, what we want to do is to put these two things together and ask ourselves earnestly and honestly this question: How eatt you join these two f Now many people loso both because they put them in the wrong order; they put "Bb of good comfort" first, and "Boperfeot" on behind. The Lord puts "Bo perfect" first, and " Bo of good oomfort" afterwards. Lot as look at thorn. . ?Nowthis is a religion, and a Very common Teligion, and a voiy mischievous religion, in which the wholo aim is first of all "Bo of good_ comfort"-a religion in which, whon a man is convertod, ho is accustomed to say hi is madohappy. Tlio religion, mark you, is true enough; right enough, until you push it into an extreme.', You will find generally that a man's evil is a virtuo pushed too far. Prido begins, perhaps, only in manly confidence, or self-confidence, which is good. . -Fear may oiJy be im' exaggerated humility, and so this, which is tho strength of all living and earnest churches; .this. experience, thin feeling . if you liko to' call it so, becomes a peril when you push it just too far, and mako it tho end,. ana purposo, and ideal, and aim of our religion. .Wo ring about it in our hymn: *Tis religion that mu3t erivo, . Sweetest pleasures while we livo. You aak people; "Are you saved f" r Oh, yes, bless tho Lord." fl How do -^)u know ?" " Oh, I feel it." Why . thoro aro . thousands of young peoplo in our churches and chapels who come homo on a Sunday night and say: "Well, I think I'm saved, you know, I feel a little hit happy, to-night," and on a Monday morning thejr got up and say: "I do not know,- £ do not think I feel muoh happier than I did on Saturday," and they tfrmtr they, .are lost again. Now, I just want- you, dear friends, tolook this matter full in tho faco. Is tho idea of our religion and tho aim and purpose of it, first of all, to make "us feel happy f Thon, if it is, I do not -want religion. If thogreat thing '/or which Jusus Christ has como into this world is just to make me feel happy I can find a loftier idea of lifo outside religion altogether. Como with me here into Westminster Abbey, let us stroll round about tho placo and look at tho monuments. Hero are buried heroes, tra vellers, explorers, read hero tho names of this man who went away up into somo bleak Arctic region, who defied death in a thousand shapes, and went through all sorts of perils and agonies. What cared ho for feeling? Ho just flung his feeling to tho winds, and said: " Tliero, that is whore I havo got to get, and that iswliero I will go," and nothing daunted, nothing turning him away, ho went and reached tho ico: he camo back, and men said: " A hero !" Look hero at tho record of tho warriors- inon who just flung feeling happy to the winds altogether, . " Whathavo wo gpt to do with that?" Per haps they nevor stopped oycii to say as much as urrn * f°r£Qtful of themselves, said: " Thero, that is what wo havo got to do," ami thoy wont and faced again a thousand perils, and men cried: "A hero I" And hero you get a very.liighly respecfcablo tombstono, gift, mag nificent. Will you read tho inscription r * 'Hero lies a man who folt happy." Think of that as ajuum in life, think 01 that ns a purpose .of imng. "Hero lies a man who felt happy." Why, I ^say, if tho cud and purpose of my religion is nothing more than that which is to mako mo feel happy, I can lind a loftier i<}eal in tho army, in tho navy, uinontrsfc tlioiK? bravo mmermon who havo gono forth during theso . leak storms, amongst those whoso memories to-day wo cherish at onco with such prido and. such sorrow,-amongst thoso for whoso widows and orphans this day wo do most earnestly pray tho comfort and consolation of our heavenly .lie vJ ^ amongst theso I can find a loftier meal of lifo shown in religion if thoono end and purpose of my religion is to mako mo feel happy. Luok again, if tho purposo of mv roligion is just to mako mo feel happy, thon it'is a failnro. must, m order to mako mo perfeotlv "iJI'Py, do one of two things-if must either T*0r,*.iiAtiiro, so that nil oircumshmeos m,!lWtor *«> ">y happiness, or else it must so ciiango my circumstances aa that ray nature shall find in thein always that "which makesmo happy.:Doesit?^ I get the toothache; Ifind it pains mo as much aftor conversion as before. Our dear and bolov'ed friend, tho pastor of this church, is rooked with pains ana aches-how deeply wo sympathise with him-but do we not seo that tho grace does not ohan^e the bodily nature, nor does it ohange^ our oiroum stanoes. It does not tako tho east wind away, it does not take the frost out of tho air, it docs not bring in tho golden sunshine: in this ro« spoot» too, it is a failures . 5°?k W&. k,1516 of my religion is first of all w ffiake mo happy, thon, X dare say boldly, most reverently, and yot most confi dently, that Jesus Christ has conio tho wrong way. I will tell you how you can mako tho most miserable man living.. Think if I wero Borne poop outcast On a bleak winter's uigHt; with xhb cold snow sweeping about mo in blinding wreaths. Hero I sit, frost bitten and hungry -paa y0ur doorstep, shoeless, homeless, 1 tagged. You come and lay your hand upon my shoulder. "Come, come," you say, "comoin; I cannot havo you sitting here like | this. Sit in my easy chair, warm yourself by myfiro, eat my supper, and I will come out and tako your place/ Do you think I should bo such a mean beast as toaceppt your offer? Bo ydu think. ydtir fire would wafni jfldf I tell Jfad it would scorch me; your suppe* would choko me; your luxuries would be my agony. The whole time should I not think of Eou outside, until 1 should be driven to go and iymy hand upon your shoulder, and say: "Sir, either you come in and share my plea* sure, or I will come out share you* misery "P 'My Master) £ fl£biricjfc ba ttlado hart^r liiie that. I take Thine hand, and I feel xhe nail print therein; I rest my head against Thy side, and lo, there is the mark of that cruel spear; I look np into Thy faoe, and Bee the mark of that crown of thorns upon Thy brow. I look to it and see how Thy face has been marred and disfigured, and I think of how it was spat upon and how besmeared with dust and blood, how they plucked the hair of Thy cheek.. My Master, I Can weep\ but how can I rejoice ? Thou, hast tjqmo tho wrong way; najhrily heart cries: ^UBjlelriio be (Jrudined together with Thee! Let mo h*ng with Thee upon that very cross; lot me, too, "bo dead and buried with Theo; lot mo bo one with Thee, my Lord." Happiness is for gotten ; the cross of Christ has thrust it right out of my thoughts; Look again; ydd would not like to deal with your cnuaren after that fashion. Try it. Tho great end and purposo of religion is to make usfeel happy. I have got a boy at home, I think tho grandest little fellow that over lived, and I hope you think tho samo of yours. I do not think ho over told mo a lio; but think if he did-think if, one day, ho came all red-eyed and sobbing, and ho locked into my face and confessed to mo: "Father, I havo told a lio!" Now, what should I do ? Should X look upon him and say: "Well, my boy, I do not want you to feel like this. Run away \ - fetch out your marbles; havo your top; go off to your cricket or football; get your schoolfellows about you, and laugh and shout-I want you to feel happy"? Not a bit of it. I tell you I should want that boy to feel very misorablo indeed, and if my hand was not strong enough to do it, I would tako a rod, and if a rod was not enough X would lock him up in a room, and ho should bo thero for a week on bread and water, if I could somehow or other work into that boy's soul a great, deep, abiding ab horrence of a lie, as a thing loathsome, damning. What to mo was. it that ho should feel happy... 0, my brethren, X say deliberately, it wore better for you and mo to have hell fire than tho blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, if, mark you, hell firo could burn into us a more deop hatred of tho thing that was wrong. If Christ has only come to say to me, " Don't you trouble about sin, don't you mind about it, it is. all right, I Lave settled that; now you go off. I want you to feel happy,"-I say I should bo a bigger man, a better man, if by all tho anguish of tho ages, thero should be just wrought through and through mo a great, deep abhorrenoe of tho thing that is evil. Oh, I tell you, sir, you havo not learned the first lesson of the cross, if you have not seen brought right out and nailed up in the sight of heaven ana earth and hell what God thinks about sin, how Ho hates it, how Ho loathes it, and must sweep it right away. He says to me on that cross; " Here,' that is what I think of sin; X must nail it to the cross; I must bury itout ofmy sight," and, my brethren, that is whore wo want to get, that is the lesson that wo want wrought into us -tho great, deop abhorrenoe of tho thing that is evil; that anything, even crucifixon, even the ragged nails, and tho spear, and tho crown of thorns, and tho hatred and derision of tho world, is blessed if it can only mako us for ovor and over get rid of sin as a loathsome and damnable tiling that must bo buried down in Christ's grave. Not first "Be of good com fort"; not first feeling happy; first-"Be perfect." And now I want to bring this right home. Friends, what is tho purpose of this religion ? let us each ono ask himself. Oh, I would soouer break stones in tho road and never get paid for it eithor, than I would preach this Gospel if it were only getting people to como together to hoar what one has to say. Brethren, it is to help us to think more of Jesus and to bo moro like him. And so now T wnutyou to just deal with yourselves. Lay hold of this truth, and let tho light of it fiill in upon your hearts. How do you "pray ? What is tho prayer at tho beginning tho tho day P . Analyse it and seo what it is. Hark! he prays! " 0 Ijord, blos3 me, clotho mo, food me, tako caro of me, pros per mo in business, make mo moro happy, and bring mo homo to heaven when I die, for Jesus Christ's sake. Amen." Well, friend, thou mayest pull that out into three quarters of an hour, if thou wilt, but what hast thou done? There is thy religion, a fattcner of your selfish ness, and, so far as I can wee, it Is not likelv to do much elso; thou dost give it to no oilier purpose; thy selfishness might get fat without much prayer. "Well, but," you say, "does not it say in tho Bible: * Give us this day our daily broad t" " Does it? Where V Wilt thou read ttio passage ? " Givo us--?" Ay! you out "What?" JAdeti: Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed Vd nal"?e' That first, sir; not yoor cruet of bread, not your getting on in business, not your borng mado happy. "Hallowedbe . 'Tcomo"-that first, Mr I That is what you are here for, that is why God gives ug the orust of broad, that is what the sua in the heavens shines for, that is why go gives us lrfeath aud all things. "Thy como, thy will," that first, not youf will; Jkit God wriiftrig upon you to minister to yon, but you waiting Upon God to' minister to' Him, "Thy willbodonoon earth as H is in heaven." Then, that His mime may bo hal lowed, that His kingdom may como, that His will may* bo done, " Give mo this day my crust of bread." Thou must not ask for thy bread Jul ^l,m{ l*Mt lUlt God in His right placo. Thcttf art riot irf thy right place until first of all thou hast put; not thy being mode happy^ trafc first of all thy serving with' all tliine heart thj" Father who is in heaven. Oh, says eota'ebody, does not it say: " Seek yo first tho kingdom of God, and all these things shall bo added unto .von.'' What ! Ah, if thou would'st search the Soripturo instead of borrowing the quota tions from somebody else, ttioti mightest, per hapsj (Jnoto ft right. I have often heard that test quoted ftp, but what does it say? "Sock ye fiftt vbe Hzigdttii of God and Hi* righteous - ness," iimiisthd irdrd: 8b, if 1 maid, I would write one word up five*' every church and chapel in this land, '' KighteousffcSs.' ? H J could I wonld have it npon every ledget Hoi every caah-book and every wages "book, "Eight teouisnesa." If I coold I would have it stamped ffVery artiole in the kitchen, snd on every artidd iit the tjarkrar. I would have it stamped upon alfttlef articles that men sell over the counter, if only by eiaalpitlff the word one could get the thing. " S?ok ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness." That is it, lightness,. right speaking, right doing, right dealing, right feoling, that is what wo want, righteousness running through it all. Oh, that is the Want of this nineteenth century: we have got ever so much religion that makes people "link, they are happy, but would to God we had li religion that made men' righteous, clean handed, pure- toilgTied; self-denying: Sir, thou wilt lose both If tluAi dc/st put them in tho wrong order-not first of ill! fetelijig* happy, first of all be perfect. First let the liha and long ing of thy religion be to bo like Christ. Ob, if thdu wouldst take Sis cross up this morning arid wdednio it tti thy heart, wouldst go forth saying, " Ijord, this shall bo ®y aim in every thing, whether it pavs or whether it does not pay-first, bo perfect!" Oh, my brothel', think of .Christ in our midst this morning. X can think of Him standing here looking down-upon this great crowd-what power and glory will be His if every man and every woman here said this morning, as they went forth: "Now, Lord, whether I feel happy or whether I So not, my life shall be to make the world thinV well of Thee. My aim shall be first. to bo perfect." First, set Christ npon His throne wherever thou goest; think " now I have got to glorifv Him." Oh, what will it do for the world"! How quickly Bhould tho church overtako the world when every man made tho end of his religion not his own little self, not his own escapo to heaven ; but when tho wholo purpose of himself in everything and everywhere should bo to make tho world think woll of Jesus Christ. Will you accept it. trill you pray for it, will you tako it right in till it possesses yon 'i And now, secondly, "Bo of good comfort.'* Now a groat many people lose both because they leave out tho Lord's part altogether. I think that every Christian man here, somehow or other, has begun to feel, well, that is the truth. Somo great impulso seizes you, and von say within yourself: " Yes, that is what I have got to be, and that is what I will bo." Tako care; tako care. Many a conscientious mnn has gone forth from this Tabernacle stirred by tho words he has heard, and it may bo ho has said: " That is what I will be. I will give up this, I will give up that and the other, and I will bo this, and I will be that, andlwillbethe other;" and how long has it lasted? Monday, Tuesday? Ah, how soon wo havo said-for I have been one of them-how soon we have said: " Well, it is no good, I cannot?" Wo could not keep np the strain wo could not keep up the agony. If wo cannot find something better to begin with than " I," let us givo up. Tho moment I fetch in " I," I fetch in failure. I havo taken myself in more than anvbody elft? ever took mo in. Dear friends, you havo been tho biggest cheat to yourself that yourself has ever known. How often you havo been giving ?way to sin. How many times you have pro- i mised yourself a thousand splendid things that i havo como to nothing; and if >vo camiofc find i something better than "I," we will just givo I the whole thing up in despair. There aro some | who do actually gnceecd. I have met here and I there with pooplo who havo made themselves perfect, and X think of all dreadful iwoplo I ever kr.ow, these wero tho most dreadful, for thoy havo laid hold npon themselves, and tliov havo said, "JTow I am going to bo perfect,'' and thoy havo narrowed and concentrated their ; whole thought npon themselves. They havo laid hold on themselves, and (hey have be"un to eliip themselves and cut off* their comers, and havo mado a hundred corners in cuttin" off ouo. They have sand-pajwred themselves" and sulphurio-acided themselves, and at last, I after two, three, four, five years of that con- ' centrated agony, and effort, ami self-conscious ness, they have brought out, what? Why, what elso could you expect ? from 5 feet to G feet of polished"" I," it is all "1,1, I." If you como with thorn then you approach a saint, but if you do not agreo with them,-then you are a hopeless reprobate. Now, if I cannotfind something better than that, X will hold my tonguo about it for ever and over. I canno't Iwliovo very much in perfection when I look at human naturo ; I boliovo in perfection less still when I look at myself; but when I look at Jesus I cannot help believing in perfection then. " Bo of good comfort," bccauso it is not my agony, it is not my straining and sacrificin" overythimf, it is not laying hold of myseff and putting myself in the tiro and melting'mv in a new cofiBCfownesffr Oh, my brother t X erant yon to lay right hold of it with all your ie&ti.; It is. not my climbing the slippery iieight; it ia Jesus Chnst coming' right down from that height iof me, and saying: "8oulj this work is Mine, not thine; and 1 want thee to let He come in and do it for you." That is it. "Be perfect;" yes, with such a Saviour. " Bo of good comfort"-yes, because it is His work, not mine. It is letting Him como in; it 29 flinging wide open the door of the heart and saying: " My Lord, Thou aholt do it alLM " Bo of good comfort." . I havo not time to dwell npori the word as I should: like. Let us hasten on just to break it in twolook into the very heart of it. " Com fort"-what dcteff it mean? "Co," that means " company "fort," that means "strength" - strengthening by company. That is it. Jesus Christ coming'to mo and Bay ing :Soul, this work is Miner* I am going with thee-all the way with thee, and bo thou perfect, bccause lh what I hare corns to do for thee." Oh, I tell you you can only spell holiness in five letteiB-Jesus. The way to get holiness is- to get more of Jesus. Perfection is but letting Jesus have His own way with us is everything-Jc&as;/ a perfect Saviour. My Master would not stake an imperfeet grass blade, an imperfect daisy, sd imperfect spider, and do you think He is going to let His perfect Son show all these things and that redemption shall show nothing of it ? No, blweed' be His name. He cometh to me and thee, and saith: "Son, all I ask of thee is that thou will let Ma havo Mine own way with thee." "Be of good comfort" It is Jesus, Jesus coming rfeht down, Jesus costing all the way with us. B!ere is an illustration that comes to my mind-for give the homeliness of it. I remember one day, when I was a little lad of some 7 years, I had gone out to spend the day at & farmhouse-it wds in the happy haytime-some three miles from my home, and now the day was done. A muttering thuudenstorm was coming up in tho distance. I heard the rumble amongst the LiUs and saw far off the flit of the lightning-flash I stood against the old farmhouse door, silly little fellow that I was, full of imagination, everything that I had ever heard Irvine before me. Oh, how my heart sank down within me I 1 did not know the way-three miles f And, somehow or other, aU the- pictures' that I had ever looked at just came and lived before me. There was the -"Pilgrim's Progress." Somewhere along that three miles there was Giant Pope, witlfhis eyes flash* ing lightnings, biting Ids nails, waiting for ma to come round the corner. There was Apollyon, with fiery dart, ready to spring upon me the moment he should catch sight of- me. Foxe's martyr#, I think, lay somewhere along those three miles. AU the robbers I had ever heard of, and all the murderers, and all the ghosts and there were many ghosts when I was young -they all crowded that three miles Oh, silly, silly I! How my heart went pit-a-pat, pump ing within me! how the knuckles could scarcely keep back the tears .that tried to force them selves out at the eyes! And then-oh joy!-? up a little leafy lane there came my father. " Come on, my boy." Bless you, I shouldlika you to have seen the hero then. I almost wished old Apollyon wouldpeep round the corner that he might see one who was not a bit afraid of him. I almost wished that Giant Pope would come on, that ho might find one more than his match. Oh how I leaped and crowed, how I grasped that hand, how x looked up into that face, how I joyed in that presence, and when, at last, the great black thunder clouds gathered and there came the rumbling of the thunder, how good it was to have the long, bluo clo.ik, with its folds about me, to look out and see the flash of the lightning and feel the beat of the rain, and then to think that I had got that hand. What cared I about the way then? What cared I for all the robber* and murderers that erer were-he was there. Ah! dear saint, thou standest this morning, and thou, lookest and thou sayest, " My heart sink* down within me, I am so weak, so foolish, and, alas, ten thousand evil things do throng my way. Oh, how they crowd and how they threaten." Call them all up this morning. Oh, He cometh; would that thou couldst sec Him as He cometh. He looketh at thee, He saith, " Come on, My child." Oh, blessed be His name. "When little I am beside my glorious Lord then can I defy all my foes. Mv brother, I want theo to wel come Him, to press up to Him. Holiness is Jesus, Jesus, Jesus always, just that. Extemekce DOES IT.-Somebody asks; " "What is warmer than a woman's love ? " Two women's love. Get two of them after you, and the heat will bo found somewhat oppres sive. SLIGHT MISTAKE.-" A gentleman received a note from his lawyer which ho was unable to decipher. On the "way to his offico ho met a friend at the door of a dtug store. Tho friend, after vainly attempting to read tho note, sug gested that thev step inside and hand it to the druggist without comment. The druggist, after studying it in silence for a few minutes, stepped behind tho prescription case, and in a short time returned with a bottlo of medicine, duly labelled and bearing directions. "When tho gentleman saw his lawyer ho was informed that tho note was a notice for him to call at his office between 3 and 4 o'clock p.m. of tho fol lowing day." Hasd on* Jonathan'.-"Tho fact is that American men, though in some cases' quick, amusing, good.-natured, and all that, aro, taken as a whole, remarkablo for their lack of entertaining qualities. . Most of them grind at a business or a profession from tho timo they aro out of collcgo until they aro broken down in health, at 50 or thereabouts, and then they go to London and expect to swing in with a set of men who aro familiar with society in every court of Europe, who have made conversation more or less a study all their lives, who know half a dozen languages, are conversant with tho arts, finished sportsmen, admirablo shots, export in tho judgement of wiues, and, in a word, accomplished men of the world, whoso live* havo been pn^ed in pleasant places." But what about the American women, eh? Mrs. Potter, for instance. 