RIGHT AGAIN. I am heartily glad that my hint has been taken, and that the friends of Mr. Suttor have decided upon giving him a 'send off ' when starting on his visit to Europe. And a banquet is the thing. The Chairman at the preliminary meeting, than whom, no man could desire to have a warmer friend, said the correct thing when reminding the meeting that politics must be eliminated from the gathering. It would never do to mix up politics with the dishes or the speeches at an affair of this kind, and I hope the cook and waiters on the one hand and the speakers on the other will all eschew that kind of seasoning. As I said before, Mr. Suttor deserves recog- nition at the hands of the Bathurst citizens as a citizen, and however we much we may differ in politics we are all one in recognizing a man's worth as a man. DEAD BAIT. Tho fish won't bite, and simply says ' No, thankoo, I don't drink.' I am not a sportsnnm nor a fish, and as I only look through cloar glass I can soo that tho sly insinuation is simply tho outcomo of tho envy nud jealously that consumes tho scribo. It is not really worth taking notice of ; but undor tho influenco of such potont liquors, no wondor tho poor man soos ghosts. It is only another mean thing of many that havo boon recorded, easily traceable to tho samo Bourco, and only worth passing breath of contempt. ? * TOO LOUD. ? ' Whatovor our fathers have done wo can do ; whatever our brothors havo dono in the great American Contiuont wo can do in this great Australian land.' Thus Sir Honry Parkes whon speaking on feder ation in Molbourno. It strikes mo, how ovqr, that wo had bettor leave undone somo of tho things our fathors and brothors did — you don't want mo to enumoratoi I'm suro. It is quito possiblo for evon a groat man to become 'awfully' silly whon walnuts influonce his brain, and although I don't supposo that Sir Henry oats wal nuts or was under thoir inffuonco whon speaking at Molbourno, I really think it timo that gush about our groatnoss had a short rest. Australia is undoubtedly a groat land, and of courso we aro a groat pooplo; but boforo wo crow too loudly wound'nt it bo just as woll if we proved our ability by living, as a nation, econo mically and cleanly ? Boasting will novor win tho fame that onduros. 