MEMORANDA. Parramatta Council to-day. J. Bo wan, 44$, won the Qaraington. The Parramatta Council owes £23,600. The Bosehill railway is etill at a standstill. An A.P. meeting, L.O.L., Parramatta,. on XVidaynext. . The floor mills at Clyde mil be lit by the electric light Parramatta Protectionists muBter at the F.S. Hall to-mgbt. . Sural is very much divided about a eite for a Public School. Sir Joseph Banks 440 yards handicap fell to A. Church, 20 yards. % . The friendly societies' dispensary delegates meeton Thursday evening. % '. Alderman Beames says Parramatta streets will compare with any other guburb. - \- Hr. G. De Haxe has had an excdlent painting executed by the local artist, firing. Sine prisoners were let loose upon Parramatta from the goal yesterday morning. The bookmakers refuse to settle over the Pace Handicap at Liverpool on Saturday last. A committee meeting of the, Castle Hill railway league will be held at Outle Hill to-night.; Annual meeting of thaFitooy O.O. TP-night. J Toongabbie toads ore shortly to receive some attention. • j Sydney Hunt Club meet at the railway station to- day at 2.30 p.m. n P Newspaper thieving is still being carried on 1 in Macquarie-etreet. \- The revenue of the Parramatta Council has more than doubled daring the last five years. Alderman Taylor nays ex-alderman Bitchie bad Macquarie-etreet metaled for his own convenience. \- = - : " Mr. Byrnes thinks kerbing and guttering should be carried out as far as poBsibJe wittithe new loan. Asphalting is carried on as-far as Fennelletreet along Church-stieet north and ib being continued. The Parramatta Gas Company reduced the rate of interest from 10 to 9 per cent, for the half-year. The tender of Bank and Whitehurst has been accepted for the new Public School at Pitt Bow for £1782. Alderman Oox Bays that bine m»tal can be delivered in Parramatta from Pennant Hills at 7s per ton. Alderman Tavlor says the condition of Pen - nant, ROBS and Villiers streets is a disgrace to the borough. The colonial plunger, Oxenham, landed £2000 by African's win in the Pace .Handicap on Saturday last. A general meeting of the Horatby.Land Company will be held at Thorpe and Co's. on Friday evening. Mr. Hugh Taylor has been indisposed the last two or three days and confined to his room in consequence. Mr. A. Dunn was stunned for a couple of hours by a fall which he received at the hnnt on Saturday last. Hanlan bos beaten Gaodanr, Gaudaur has beaten Banian, and the bookmakers have b»aten everybody. Alderman Taylor estimates the Parramatta Council's revenue will double in ten years. It now reaches £9000. Mr. John Bennett has added another to his string in Tyro, by Feve-Novice. The price paid was 36 guineas. Mr. Wright lectures to-night under the auspices of the Parramatta School of Arts on "Facial Expression." Mr. Fyall is summoning the various lodgeB to arrange for the Parramatta and district friendly societies' hospital Sunday. Alderman Cox says he will oppose the erection of a toll-bar in tbe borough, and that a wheel-tax is the proper tax. Tbe ladies of Granville held a preliminary meeting in connection with Lady Carrington's Queen's Fund on Monday last. Alderman Cox has given notice of his intention to more tbat the Parrama'ta Council apply for a share in Pennant Hills quarry. The Mayor of Liverpool is calling a meeting of ladies for the 1st August to form a local committee in re Lady Carrington's appeal. . All the Nomads are going into train since their defeat. They all recognise tbe fact that too much success is not good for a club. Tho Pennant Hills ''lawyers" are making themselves a terror to the residents of Parramatta North by theii riotous behaviour. Mr. Neild says there was only one application for extra gae for tbe jubilee. Parramatta evidently did not enthuse over the event. Tea meeting and concert in connection with the Marist 'Brothers, Parramatta, will be held in St. Patrick's Schoolroom this evening. The returns of the Parramatta Gae Co., notwithstanding the reduction in price, showed an increase of over £130 on the previous; halfyear. _ - • . The Mayor of Parramatta says the removal • of tbe tollgate -from Church-street was a very stupid action; and lost the Council £IS0 a year. The Parramatta Council took fifteen years to pay o& a loan of £1500 incurred during MT. H. Taylor's Mayoralty. 'The increase amounted to £1-187 10s! It is now regarded as a pretty open question whether it is brat to swear too tnuoh or too little. Mr. Byrnes' opinion wonld be interest, ing on thiB'point. Dr. Violette bas been gazetted Government medical officer and vaccinator for tbe Parramatta district, vice Br. Bowling, to take effect from the 1st ultimo. Alderman John Booth states that he knew people left Parramatta because of the want of good streets, water and light.. Did they go to' prospect and Sherwood ? • "It now remains to be seen whether the Borough Council will recognise us as a body," said the President of the Ratepayers' Association on Friday night last. ^ The Victorian coursers have signified their intention of sending over some of their best dogs to take part in the opening meeting at the Bosehill racecourse next month. " The Mayor ought have told me!" whined an ex-alderman and J.P. at the Court on Wednesday. " I do not know the Mayor here" frigidly replied Mr. Byrnes. The Mayor of Parramatta protests that metaling is not a permanent improvement, and oays " 1 will only consent to Church-Btreet being metalled with borrowed money." Mayor Byrnes maintains that a wheel-tax or toll-bar must be established to pay off the money to be expended in metaling Church | street. He says he is determined on it. l Alderman Ferris says the Council should not make Parramatta a terrestrial Paradise and in* duce persons to leave their homes while they (tbe Council) saddled their children with a heavy deficit. Alderman John Booth asserts that Pennant Hills metal is not as goodOB Prospect. Alderman Cox says, on the authority of the Govern- ment geologist, that it is the toughest and best in the colony. Mi. Byrnes says the witness who comes before him and qualifies everything with " not to my knowledge," "not that I'm aware of,", etc., ia merely equivocating and wasting time so far as credibility goes. Alderman Tiernan avers that it Js thirty years since there was a penny expenditure on tbe intersection of Churoh and Board streets, and Olifiord-street, and fifteen years mace Fleetstreet was similarly favoured. Tt* Lord Clyde Lodge, No. 71, P. A.F.S.A,, Granville, celebrate their third anniversary on Friday evening next in the Albert Hall by a grand tea, conoart and ball. Tea at 6.30, concert ft 8, dancing at 10 o'clock. Alderman Ferris believes if the Council went in for gaB works the people would get better - quality gas 30 or 40 per cent, cheaper.' Alder, man Taylor says we will have gas works of our own and borrow £100,0)10 for their erection. "Go and tell Jack to lay Gipsy's Warning till the cows come home," said one bookmaker to another at the Liverpool Haces on Saturday. Some people might infer from this that Gipsy's Warning was not wanted to win. Mr.. Walter Oakes informs us that a .post offioe will be opened atToongabbie on Angnst 1 at Mr. Birks', and that letters may be addressed there for the district on and after the date. Mr. Birks has also the contract for delivery of mails once a day from Seven Hills to Toongabbie. One of Mr. E. H. Acres' gardeners has had Utter experience <-f tiie bad state of the roads out Baulkham Hills way. While driving a cart during the week he was thrown off on to the roadway by the wheel going into a rut and' has now a broken arm to nurse. Bow if this had been one of the trustees! - „ Parramatta North is keeping np its record for larrikinism. On Sunday evening last some contemptibly mean persons broke into Mr. Shepherd's butcher-shop and poured keroeone oil over the premises and meat. A clue has been obtained as to the identity of the perpetrators of this dastardly atft and some revelations may be looked for shortly. A witness in the Sunday selling case on Thurs • day last was hazy as to the gender of a person who was hovering about Court's hotel " jhsl for exercise." " U may have been a ghost!' suggested Mr. Byrnes. "Oh, no," said the witness moet positively, " a ghost would have been white." Anyway that ought to settle the ghost identity quMtion. But what a heap of ghosts there must be m Parramatta who SMTB a penchant for admiring private entxances to hotels on Sunday evenings. i 