THE INDIGNATION MEETING. To the Editor. Sib, — I am forced to ask you to kindly give me.space in 'your paper to contradict the most bare-faced lies uttered by Mayall abiout me at an indignation meeting held at Alberton on the 14th inst., a report of which appeared ia your issue of the 18th inst., wherein, referring to the tampering of the Premier Company's crushing about : three years ago, he stated that I told him that I suspected that that crushing would be tampered with, I never Baid such a thing. He also said that I placed him in charge of the battery during the crushing. This I also deny, as he knew nothing about amalgamation or battery work at that time. The work I told him that he would have to do was to wash the blankets during the daytime, and oil the bearings of the machinery and make himself generally useful- This work he neglected to do, and after I found the stamper boxes and copper plates were tampered with I found that I could notdepend upon him, andl sent him away from the battery, and he after wards came to me and made some very damaging charges against Mr T. Thorne, who was battery manager at the Premier Company's battery before I took charge. He said that he would reply to some of Mr Thome's letters which appeared in the Daily Telegraph about me, and I told him not to do so, that Mr Thome's writing could do me no harm. A little time after this Mayall came to me for a testimonial when he was applying for the mining managership of the CrownPrinceG.M.Co., and seemed to be very friendly with me from that time until the getting up of the indignation meeting, a few days ago, and I was never more surprised than I was when I heard of the lying concoction , expressed by him at that meeting, if a meeting it could be called ; and I believe that himself and W. H. Searle were the principal movers, through the inflaence of others, in getting up the said meeting. I might mention that W. H. Searle, who is now supposed to be writing to the Daily Telegraph in the name of 'Panic,' was feeding at the Premier Company's battery during the same crushing when Mayall was working at the battery ; and it will be seen by 'Panic's' letters in the Daily Telegraph, in all his allusions to the Queen Gold Mining Company or anything that I am connected with, during the last 10 or' 12 months, that he is no friend of mine. In ' Panic's' letter, which appeared in your issue of the 14th instant, he stated that there was no work of any description going on at the Queen, which he must have known wa? false ; and it is not the fault of the quality.or scarcity of the stone that there is not a large number of men employed. It fa the fault of the devilish work that has been carried on in tamper ing with our crushing. Another writer, signing himself ' Panic's Ghost,'' in your issue of the 15th inst., says that the Queen battery is lit np every night. I wonder what is the meaning of all these lies. The Queen battery has not been lit up siuce the last crushing, nearly three months ago. I am now about 25 years quartz mining in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and Tasmania, working on my own account, and managing companies ? nJ /innnai^a^ villi ? trnrlr en that I ought ..to , know about battery work aud the payable quality of stone. 1 hate often said,, and told some of the miners that attended tbe indignation meetlpg, that I did not blame the miners of Alberton for tampering with our crush ings at the Queen's battery, and I say so now again ; but if Mayall and Searle will have it otherwise I cannot help them. The parties that I blame are behind the scenes, and are paying tools to do their dirty work, and I hope before long that I will be able to lay before the public the plot which was meant to involve me and force me to part with the interest I now hold: Hoping, Mr Editor, that you will allow me space for this letter. — Yours, etc., W. M'Loughijn, Managing partner of the Queen Gold Mining Company, Alberton. 