vxcAxsr i'iroTOGiLWJcr. (St James's Gazette) Ten years ago Mr. Francis Galton started the idea of determining the typical characteristics of a number of persons by the aid of photography. Among the conse- quence-! of this suggestion is the calling into pictorial existence of persons who never lived, and who are the product not of imagination but of the corners acting upon groups of living people. Poets, novelists, dramatists, and painter shave brought to our acquaintance vast numbers of imaginary persons resembling more or less the individuals we meet with in real life. But there is no imagination about a photograph. Before a face can be photographed it must exist at least that has always been the case hitherto. But the camera can now be made to yield pictures of faces that never existed and that combine the distinctive traits of forty or fifty- actual faces while losing the individuality of each of them. And the unroll faces thus produced are of a strangely idealistic type, as if in truth they belonged I to another world. This application of Mr. Galton's idea has been carried out by Mr. John Stoddard, and is described by him in the current number of the Century. Mr. Stoddard's process is simplicity itself. He takes a number of photographs of different persons say', the members of a family or of a club or of a college class-the portraits having as nearly as possible the same aspect and says By means of a specially' constructed camera he throws these portraits successively on a sensitive plate, allowing each the same amount of exposure ; the total exposure being equal to that which would be necessary to give an exact photographic copy of any one of the portraits. Thus, supposing the ordinary time of exposure to be one minute, then for thirty portraits there would be an exposure of two seconds each. The result is to blend the thirty actual faces into one new one from which the individuals have disappeared, and which retains in its stronger lines only those units which are common to all or many of the number. The first of Mr. Stoddard's illustrations is a face composed of seven members of a ladies' choir one of the American colleges ; next we have a class of thirteen ; then a class of forty-nine and then, again, a blend of all three classes-, or sixty-nine faces in one. The results are extremely curious. It is impossible to give in words an acceptable idea of these unimagined yet unreal faces Ghost!)', weird, fanciful ; these are not the terms in which one would describe them. Yet one feels that they are unearthly and ideal. If they had been painted by an artist they would excite no such sentiment. It is the fact that they are photographs which gives them an uncanny effect;. The brunette and the blonde, the clever girl and the colt, the vixen and the angel, the girl who is rather thin, and the girl who is rather stout, are all blended together in this new and wonderful She. The She whom Mr. Stoddard shows us as the final product of the sixty-nine is not any one of them She is all of them. And, take her altogether, in feature, in expression, and in so much of her character as these reveal. She is a remarkably nice girl, Mr. Stoddard's experiments with men are not U-S successful. Here, for example, of a gentlemen who stands for twenty-seven members of the American National Academy of Sciences. The grave intelligent face, the quiet yet expressive eyes, the straight nose, the firm ups, the high forehead from which the hair has somewhat. receded, the short moustache and heard these combine to make this "personable" a man as can be well imagined. Unfortunately, He is as shadowy a personage as She. There is no such man. Three of him, or a dozen of him, may per- chance he met within the walls of the National Academy; but who shall hope to meet the whole twenty-seven of him, or even then to recognise his manly, thoughtful, kindly face 1 Some of us may have heard of the " Monday Evening Club of Northampton, Massachusetts. Here he is-a young man of 35, consisting of two clergymen two physicians, three lawyers, three college professors, and one matinee trier. He has all the appeal case of a very clubbable fellow. There is a merry twinkle in his eye and a genial play about his mouth, He wears a full moustache and though his hair is somewhat unkempt and his chin looks as if he is in the habit of being shaved only on club nights, no one would call him more Bohemian than is many a man of scrupulously steady habits. We feel sure that he is ten good fellows rolled into one. The other example is a youth of about 25. He consists of a family of eight father, mother, five boys, and a girl. His expression is intelligent, but the intelligence is not of a high order. fee would have been better, perhaps, if he had been compounded of fewer boys and more girls. It would be unjust to regard Mr. Stod dard's experiments in composite photography as the idle amusements of ascientilicperson. Amusing they undoubtedly are, but he seriously faces the question of the applica- bility of his process to practical purpose''. He thinks it will be of great help " in the field of ethnological research to secure types for the comparative study of a rare characteristics, and to trace " possible changes in type from generation to generation and from age to age." Typical representations of groups illustrating health and disease, or the influence of occupation or profession ; the production of a plan feet likeness of an individual by com billing so vivid likenesses taken indifferent times is the evolution of types for the use of artists, actors, and others these are some of the applications Mr. Stud dard suggests. The great point is that the thing can be done for we may be sure that plenty of active minds will discover uses to be made of the newest and not the least remarkable development of the photographer's art. 