©flds Kttti &uds.; F.K)ttalt - Sheep killing. Stra'hs again victorious. Good Templars picnic here on the 24th of May. Narrow escape from being drowned at Port Victor. An Association of South Australian Artists is to be fi-rnaed. nominations ior ids oin'iuiuyn uip cje— tended until nex' Monday evening, April 25th. The electi m for the district of Flinders takes place to-day. The P. & O. 8-eamer Tasmania has been stranded on 'he coast -f Corsica. Intelligence has been received at Zanzibar that the Somale who waa proved to be guilty of the murder of Dr. Karl Juelylke has been shot ' fc . . At Lanfen, in Bavaria, -where TSO prisoners were confi -ed, neri=-us riots have broken out. and -could? only be suppressed by tbe aid of he military. ????-.-? C ?Idbaih Fields prison, is being denuded of furniture. Iu clock has gone to Dover and its records to the Stationary Office. ... It? tread «heel machinery, however, which is also s-ationary now, has not gone with the records, but is to be erected at Pentonville. Reefs have been discovered on the Teetnlpa Goidflelds, and the te«t crushingB are highly satisfactory Some Victorian capitalists are likely to .erect batteries, as it is believed the fieli, will prove permanent. '. The Government are favourable to grant ing £1,000 bonus to Brady, the diseoverer of the Teetulpa GoldfleMs. About 1,500 men are working on the fleM at present, and it is six months since the first rush took place. The C -prf of Good Hope was so natped by King John II. of ForiOiia), after it bad been -l'U',led by DisZ for the prospect of a sea route to In 'ia, which it opened 10 year* la'*-, or in 1498. Da Gams realised the ho, .ful augury of tb« name by reaching India by tliis route. . ...... The e«iimated value of cereal exports dar. iii£ the first two months of this year .was' i£33446S. . ; V', ' ; Tlie, -v»)ne. if ins staple , exports of the pilony' dqrjii^ the .first two months' ofihis' p.-ar was— AR,icu:turHl nrn.-luc^. £339.425 ; jnuteralri an* Tetals' £54,216 » wV» I (18 939 i»«-*)b ,: £180313'; m FCcli»ncou*, £65,101 ; otai value. £639-055. i'lie Cu-««in- recaiprs durtoc the Tfirst two' V--u»-hj- -.f ^h-ifl'jrear, oQtportH included, were '.73JB25^ta.lla^.---'- . ' '; j' 1 'Hie ii'iuiierauon at Port Adelaide duri ig tbttfli8t*wo-tnoii*ihs of tbis year. was 3^4-i 7 ; ciiiirrwljn, 4,960. 't ? - \ ?. .:? if. \ 'Reffister^d births during the fiiit .1 r.o. moil hs of ibis year, 1,617 ; ditto deaths. 776. Estimated population of the Cojouy,' Feb ruary 1, 318,371. « The railway receipts on all the Government lines daring tbe first two month of this vear were— For passenger traffic, £40 799 2s 61. ; . goods traffic, Xi7,6660-. lid ; whaifage.&c;, £3,663 9s. 3d. ; total, £112,128 I2«. 7d. The number of pai»enger£ was 642,399, and the goods traffic 145,089 tons. 'I he total quantity of land sold during {he Sr8t two months of thin year for cash was 39 acres, yielding £456 10s., exclusive of im provement? and purchase of 11,207 A acres previonsiy held on credit. Tbe total quantity SJldon defWrred payment was 1,301 acres &t; an aggregate amount of £1,301. Theamoont paid into tbe Treasury for laud was £20.590 0s 5d. Tbe rainfall at the Obwrratory during the tint thm* mnnlhit of thin vear irss 1 5i ! inches. New Jersey assessors report the railroad property iu ibe State amounts to 192,980.349 dollars. The State tax of 961,901 dollars upon it defrays all the State expenses. Near Abanark, Va, a few days ago a rural justice of the pence fired a man 10 dollars for contending that tbe mocn had anything to do with tbe ebb and fLw of tbe (ides. Mexican papers report that near Oajacs the sepulchre has been discovered of a Zipotecan king, in whieh werefouud images of obsidian and an idol of gold weighing 50 1b. - ' ' Tbe Ptrike of tbe coaUhvndlerB in Tork is 'making the times bitterly haVa for ihe. poor. The coal which tbey could formerly buy fur 7c. a p lilful now costs them from I5c. to 20c. By the express train from Melbourne on Tuesday Messrs. Wood (champion -uf Eng land), Wybird (cbampioa of New Soutii Wales), and Clarke (champion' of Scotland) arrived to take part in the bicycle meeting fixed for the Adelaide Oval on Saturday. A Madrid scholar, Senor Crulia. who has been for many years at work on a rhymed version of the Bible, has jnst completed his task. Tbe work contains 260/ Ot) verses. Previous to 1879; when the city obtained Its water from the Danube Biver, typhoid fever was : almost epidemic in Yenua. In that year they put up - new water* works and KiDCc that time the disease is said to be un known there. A new use for the tobacco plant is aaid to have been discovered. Its stem and waste, it is claimed, are equal to linen rags in the manufacture of paper. A ghost which had kept tbe villagers of Bossett, Chester, in a state of starm, was captured by a dog, and turned out to be a man dressed in white. It is said that there are 4,400,000 Jews in Europe, 300,000 in Asia, 35,(K)0 in Africa, and 250,0 JO ^n America. The total Jewish population of the world is estimated at 6.3J0.0C0. SKINNY MEN. ' We'lB* Health Keat-wer' restores health and -rigor, cores Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Debil ity. At Chemirts and Druggists. F. U. Fauiding and Co., Agents Adelaide. The Hon. Alfred Deakin, the Victorian representative at the Conference, was offered a Knighthood in the order of it. Michael and St. George but declined it. Uerr C. Reimers. the well-known 'cellist, on Thursday -afternoon bad a very narrow escape of being run over by a tram while crossing Swaneton-street, Melbourne. He was struck by the dummy car, and thrown violently into some excavations which had been made in connection with the tram way extension in Sranston- street. He was cut about the head and severely shaken. Wolfe's Schnapps forty years before tbe public and its qualities and virtues never yet approached. The Russian press are unanimous in urging the Czar to press forward a settlement of the longstanding Afghanistan difficulty by immediately occupying Herat. Sir West Bidgway, late British Special Commissioner on ? the Afghan frontier, left London for St. Petersburg on Friday in order to renew negotiations with the Busnan Government concerning the delimitation of the Afghan boundary. \- Among tbe rer.ent - transfers of mineral lands in tho Southern States ;ia the sale of a controlling interest in the town of Anniston, Ala., for 6,000,000 dollars. The poet Burns is now to have a statue across the Atlantic. A Scotch admirer, who had settled is tbe States, has bequeathed £5 030 for a Burns' memorial, which will be set up in Washington Park, Albany. Prince Augustine Iturbide, s m of Mexico's first Emperor, seriously wounded Senor Car cedo, a prominent politician, in a duel a short time sincp, and has taken refuge at El Pasco, Texas, for fear of prosecution. Johnston the jockey who waa bo severely injured while riding Highland Mary in the Steeplechase on tbe Adelaide Bace Course last Saturday died on Monday from the effects. .« *^^^w*«w ^^%v v« a inn M Clears oat rats, mlee, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, sknoks, jack rabbits, sparrova, gophers At chemists and druggists. The Register has had to apologise to Mr. L. Von D'lussa. Bishon Goe the new Anglican Bishop of of Melbourne was inducted hut Thursday. The collection of British works of art to be shorn at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibi tion is valued at £30,000. Wolfe's Schnapps an unequalled specific for diseases of the stomach and bowels. The number of people arriving at Port Adelaide by «ea during tbe week ending Saturday, April 1 6th, was 260, tHe number leaving by similar means-being 279. Loss to the colony of 19. The military exhibits from tbe Woolwich Arsenal for the Adelaide Jibilee Exhibition were shipped by the A astral on April 14, The liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South Australia propose this week declaring another dividend to creditors of Is. in the pound. ?' The Victorian Minister of Lands (Mr. J. L. Dow) is visiting tbis colony to enquire into our system of forest conservation, which he regards as perfect. ^ BOUGH OireORNS.' Ask for Well*' ' Rough on Coras' Quick reliet Complete, permanent cure. Corns, wartB, bunioiif At ChemteU aad Droggisti An extended lease of life may be obtained by the continuous use of Wolfe's Schnapps. Avoid imitations. . ' .' : Wolfe's Schnapps smothers the : voice. Of depreciation. Ask for Wolfes* and accept nothing el»L'. ,.^. ' - -.r ;*T';-'; Exercise and a judicious . nee of Wolfe's Schnapps will keep you it* the best of health. ;''.'' James VyUTe, better known :»-«:Herd Laddie.' the best dnragbt ?;$lajreryftr'-the world, is a passenger by the Orizaba. He comes to the colonies under the auspices of the Melbourne' Draughts Clnb. The movement -among Britten agricul turists for the grant of bounties on their produce is exciting a counter agitation against the proposal, which has culminated in the formation of * British and Colonial Anti-Bounty- Society. In consequence of representations made to the Pope on tbe subject of the alleged sympathy of Borne of the Iriab bishops with movements opposed to the law, his Holiness has issued a mandate, instructing them to refrain from encouraging agitation At a meeting of the shareholders of the Bank of South Aaitrali* the amended articles proposed bf the directors, allowing them to transfer £100.000 from the reserve to the contingent fund to provide for lptses and Jonbtful account*, were agreed to. . Lord Randolph Churchill, spenkfag at Birmingham, declared that Mr. Gladstone, iby bis action with respect to tbe Irish question, was' «ndearoribg to coerce England .into revising the decision, of 'he last general eU«tion. He farther declared that the Alininry.' In adopting the course, they were; now pursmng in this matter,- -were only rerieeuiHiii.itoe -pledges. they had 'triads. ' The Hihihtu in Ataarica have been leaounoedity' Pceaideot' Cleveland, of the United' HUtte*, wbo has expressed hi«: willingness to enter into a treaty with RussiaSftr the extradition of theae plotters; many c^'wnom are believed to be ready Ko killtn^Ciar; j, {\\. ?.., . jf . The report that the Imperial GoverndAt intended itp propose a grant of £K'0.000TtO the Imperial Institute ba« been officially deaied. ? \ ' The number. oMnrths and deaths registered in tbe General KegisterDmce during (he week ended Saturday, April V, wars— Birth*— 94 males, 85 . females t deaths— 52 ;ta«fesj 28 ft« -males f total -17^ birthr, 80 dea'ihk! Kxceu ofbirtba,S». Tij.entiile any one to tbe £1,000 reward for .tbe discovery of a new goldfield the', digging* have to support 500 men for aix month's^. - Tbi* period has now expired with regard to the Teet&lpa; fisld.and theComransionorJbPCrown Lands sees. Aoubjectrio to the reward -being paid, but Messrs, Brady and {Smith, the dis coverers, have not yet-coromnnicated with tbe department on tbe subject. Cf course the claim was made .on the first discovery of the diggings. ? A man- nnmed Henry Nelson, who was charged wi h forging tbe name of Arthur Tyndall, of Bo3lcoomatta Station, North East, to a cheque for £219, was discharged at the Port Adelaide Police Court lo^iay, the evi dence being insufficient. Dr. Uussel, of Christcbnrcb, has been sen tenced to 'seven years' penal' servitude for procuring abortion. A married woman named Bowea for aiding and abetting bint received a sentence of 12 months. ? - *- On Friday afternoo i a sculliAg match toak placa between Charles Ma^tersoo and C. Nelson- for £100 aside over the champion course. Nelson woa caeiljAy'six lengths in 2? ruin. 52£ sec. ? One ot the largest gas wells known has been struck at Grapeville, Pennsylvania. At a depth of 1,125 feet the 3rfil- entered the gas vein or reservoir, when: die upward rash from the well became almost irresistible, deafening the workmen with its shrieks. Tho tools, weighing 2,500 lb /were nottlown out, but held suspended by the pressure 'beneath. In Worcestershire and Suftbrdshu?e- where the wages of agricultural lahbreis average from Us, to 12s. per week, the farmers de clare their inability, in eonstqaence of tbe low price of producer to continue to pay that amount. A general redaction has already been made in some districts to 10s. ; and in the northern division notice has been given of % reduction of 2s. per week. Some curious coincidences have been pointed DUt as having occurred at race meetings. s.moug the runners for the tit. Ciupin Nursery Plate at Northampton was a horse named the Cobbler ; St. Crispin, let it be remembered, toiug the patron saint of shoemaken. At Jhantilly, again, a horse named -Panama bolted and fell with its rider (whose name iras uot reported to be LesBeps) into a canal. A.t a hunters' lacs^afiJerby, three horses ran whose names were John Bright, Ballot Box, ind Coercion. John Bright bad the misfor tune to break bis back, and Coercion fell, while Ballot Box did not win. The statistics published b/ the Railway Ag show that the increase in tbe mileage of the Uuited States railways was greater last yea* than it bad been since 1882, the. figures ber ng as under:— In 1SS(- there was as in ireased mileage of 6 876 miles; in 1881 ),796 miles; in 1882 11,568 mites; in 1883 u,m nines j iu loot OjO^a1 miles ; in 1JJB& 3,131 mileaj and in 1886 8.010 mUes. The average cost per mile having been about £4,000, it will be seen that the total expen diture .npon making new Knes waa about £32,000.000, and most of them were con structed: in the north and south-west, the four States of Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, and Texas having alone more than half of the whole mileage. -. . Typhoid fever still virulent in Victoria. The Executive of Tasmania hare com muted the sentences of . Elizabeth- Orlando far murdering her husband and William Morgan for an unnatural outrage upon a young girl to imprisonment for life. Mr. Jes. Irving, late of titrathalbyn, is a member of tbe committee of the 'South Australian Artists' Association' recently formed in Adelaide. ? The Great Centennial Stakes of £5,000, proposed by the Rose Hill Bacing^Ciub has been abandoned owing to the absence of any arrangements for a national centenary celebration in Sydney. A sculling matoh. takes place jn Adelaide on the Torren's tiake to-day between two* members of the ' Jack Sheppard ' company fur £5 a sider ?? ' ' Electors of Jamestown intend giving Dr. Cockburn (their late member) a complimen tary social. 4,-_ \- Dr. Pearson ex-Biskop of Newcastle is Sir Thomas Gore Brown, K.C.M.Q.V Gov ernor successively of St. Helena, New Zealand, Tasmania and Bermuda. -?*? Thus an American paper' :— ' Another member of the immortal ' Six .Hundred* has just died. There most haVo been about 1,300 of them when they went into the fight, and some SfiOO mast have come out alive to account for the namerous mortality since.' The Government have given au order' to the Lobethal Tweed Factory for 2,000 pairs of blue blankets, to he manufactured at the Lobethal works of all- wool,, for distribution to the aborigmie8. Prior to this year the Government have always sent the, order out of the o icutry, «ndthis will meanfa retention of about £300 worth of labor in the colony. 