the OON8EORATION OF BISHOP QOE. Tl I ANKSO 1 VI NCI BBRVIOKS IN BOURNK. Iho con&ccr.itiou; of Dr Field Flowers Goo, tho future Bishop of Melbourne, takes place to-day nt Westminster Abboy. The following, amongst other dignitaries of iho Church of Bmrluud, aio oxpeeteu w) lie present and take part in the coiiBocrutiou ceremony Tho Archbishop of Cunterlmry, tho Archbishop of York, Bishop Perry (formerly Uiriwp of Melbourne), liiBhoji Moirhouso (of Man- chcster), and the Bishop of Durham (Dc Lightfoot). Dr Goo will leave London for this city to-morrow by tho mail steainor. rrayer was oiTurod and a thanksgiving service held for tho Bishop elect iu Ht James's Cathedral this morning. Tlio following prayers, issued by Donu Macartney to the clergy of tho dioceRO of Molbourno for uso iu their churches, wcro read by tho curate, the Rov A. O. ICcllaway, M.A., in addition to the prayers and thanks giving forms in tho prayer book usual at, and applicable to, tho consecration of a Bishop J— Collect for tub Council in tiiih Diocese. "O Lord, who knowest thuhcartaof nil men. and didst in Thy wisdom canto the lot to fall ujjon Thy faithful servant Matthias that ho might be numbered with tho cloven ApoRtlcv, frranl that tho blessing of Thy Holy Spirit may n like manner rest on Thy servant who is tins day to bo consecrated to tlio ollicc of a bishop in Thy Church. Mercifully behold hiin and roploinsh him eo with tho truth of Tliy doctrine and adorn him with iimoccncy of life, that both by word and deed, he may faith fully nerve Thee in this offico to tho glory of Thy name, ami the edifying and wcll-govcru-' ingof Thy Church inthis Uiocvsu. Pourout tho abundance of Thy heavenly graco upon tho dwellers in this land, upou th j ministers of riiy word ami sAcraincPts,ui>on tlio teachers of the young, upon such as help in works of mercy and clinnty, and iq>on all others holding offico ninongst us. Prosper (heir labors, wo uorcech Thui\ under the rulu of him who is this day to bo set apart, ami grant that tho ungodly may bo turned from Iho orrur of their ways, tho ignorant may bo instructed, tho young trained for Thy service, and Thy people built up in ilicir most holy faith. Wo would further pray for Thy Mossing on our spcctel effort to extend tlio ministrationa of. thn Church to '.hu thinly jicopled districts of this Inud, and to send t ho Go3|>cl to tho perishing heatlion, tlmt so Thy holy namo may bo for ever glorified and Thy ulesaod kingdom cn nrged, through the power of tlio Holy Gho»t. .Theso prayers wcoffertu tho nnmo and ihrmigh Uie mediation of our Blessed Ixird and Saviour Jestis Christ. Amen." Spruial Thanksgiving. 41 Alniiglity God, tho Father of our Lord Jchus ChriRt, who, before IIo did chcsc and send forth Hir twelvo Apostles, continued the whole night in prayer, wo acknowledge Thy great goodnoM in that Thou hast answered our' petitions by directing tho minds of thnsoofThy Horvnnts who woro appointed to chooso a Bishop ror this diocese. Itjs Thy great mercy that wo wero not left as sheep having no shepherd, but that Thou art Rending ono who, by his wisdom and dovotcd- iiOKs as a laborer In Thy vinoynrd, lias shown his (Uncus for this high ollice, whoreunto wo trust that tho lloly Ghost hath called hiin. lor Uicso tokens of Thy loving kindness wo render hearty thanks aud praiao, beseeching llmo to strcngthoii us by Thy graco to do Thy holy will, anu spread abroad Thy truth, to tho glory of Thy great name, throug i Jesus Christ our Lord and Saviour. Amen." Collect for Preservation, " JStornnl Lord God, who nlono sprcadest out tho heavens, and rulcst the ragincr of tho sea, who has compassed tho water with IkjuiuIs until day and night como to an end, bo pleased to rccelvo into Thy almighty atulmustgracious Brotcction tho pes sous of Thy scrvaiitn oar lishop, and of thoso who nail with him. Presorvo them from tho dungcr of tho sea. and keep them in health and peace, that by Thy great goodness, they inay bo brought in safety to theso shores to enjoy tho blessings of thy good Providence, and with a thankful remembrance of Thy mercies to praise and glorify Thy holy nmtio through Jesus Christ our Lard. Aincn." t The ubova social prayer for preservation is intended to be need nt morning ntul evening prayer in tho various churches until tho Bishop's arrival. . Archdeacon Stretch preached tho Hcrmon, and took for his text the 32tul veveo of the 10th chapter of Romans —"That 1 may como unto you in joy by thu will of God, ami may with you bo refreshed." Tho preacher thought tho pcrvico was tho wrong way about, and that it would have been bettor if it hod boon con ducted like a consecration or ordination ser vice. His address should have coma first to stir tho people to pfr.y, and their prayers should havocoino afterwards. Thoy knew their future Bishop was a good gift from God. and thoy ought, therefore, to bo thankful. Thcro was a great deal of difference of opinion m to the uro of bishops, but thoy knew tho Episcopal mode of church government was tlio best. IIo (tlio preacher) recently had a conversa tion with a minister of another denomination, and this minister acknowledged that to hnvo a good man at tho head of affairs was about tlio bent mode of church government that could lie conceived. They aught to tliauk God fm tlio bishops they had had iu times past. They had hnd two men whoso gifts differed widoly, but though these men (tillered eo greatly in thoirgiftn they wero both incit who did good service, whilst thoy ruled tha church here. The peoplo ought therefore to bo thankful for theso two Linkups. They had roaiou also to bo thankful for tho bishop who was to ho sob apart this day. Every report they had heard of him, whether by lottor, from personal friends, or from any other source, was good, aud thoy ought therefore to bo thankful to God for sending him. They should regard him as a blessing from God, who was tho giver of ovor good gift, and ready to pour out His richest bloRcings on thoir now Bishop, so that ho might do tho work of God here. That ho was a gift ought to bo an encouragement to them to piny for him. In tho earlier part of tho Kpistlo to tho Romans Paul expected to viuit Rome and bring spiritual gifts with lihn. In liku manuor, Gods blessing poured out on their now. Bishop, who was oxpcctcd to bo hero shortly and to bring lus spiritual gifts with him,- would bo a sourco ot bless ing to them. Thoy had prayed for God's blessing on him, but let thorn not stop thuro. Let them continue to plead with God tor a blessing on tho man aud on his future work. Thoro was another reason for prayer. In tho samo cpistlo St. Paul asked tlio believers to pray for a prosperous journey and for health, that ho might conio to thorn wit i joy. Thoy, also, wanted the preserving hand of God oil their, new Bishop, that ho might arrivo safely, aud bo strong to labor. They nlso dcsirixl that tlio might como with juy, and that there might bo nothing to mar his joy whon ftocatno amongst them. They should pray that hu might find uo open transgression in the churen, but a united and happy people, and that homiglit,' with them, bo refreshed. 'J ho preacher then referred to the text as given in tho Revised Version1 which 1m said, was stronger than that in tho Authorised Version, tho concluding words of which wcro that he might, "together with you, find rest." Tho faithful service of tlio peoplo would be a sourco of blessing and strength to thoeo set over them. Let thorn therefore prepare themselves, that thoy might bo a bless ing to their now Bishop, which would react upoq themselves, and camo hiin to In- a bless- to them. Let thoir prayers bo frequent and fervent for themselves and for hint. Amongst thuso present during tho servico woro tho Rov Stanley Lowe. St. Kilcla j Rev W. G. Hindloy, St. Michael's, North Carlton; Rov O. M. Yellaiui, St. Saviour's, Culling- wood j Rov II. Adunoy, St. John's, city : Rov II. Collier, South Melbourne J Rev William Jennings, Lilydalo; tho lion T, T. A'Buckctt, and other proirilnunt citizens A thanksgiving servico was also held this morning at St. Mary's, Oaulfield, at whioh tho incumbout, the Rov. II. B. Mauarluoy, preached. It is intended to hold thanksgiving servicos at many of tho churches in the city and suburbs this evening. 