DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) At the 11 o'clock Mass at the Cathedral on Sunday last, the Right Rev. Dr. Raimondi, who is the guest of our Bishop, preached, taking for his text the words —"Go forth and teach all ages and nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, and I shall be with you all days even unto the consummation of. the world." In the course of his sermon his Lordship said that he had been 29 years on the mission in China. The efforts of the missionaries to convert the Chinese had been blessed by God. It was a very difficult task to convert them, seeing that there were three hundred millions of people in that country of an opposite belief. Christianity was first introduced into China in the thirteenth century by the Franciscans. The Church had been subjected to great persecutions from that. time up to the present, but wherever the persecution was fiercest there the cause of God and His Church triumphed. There were many good Christians among the Chinese who professed the same faith as his hearers, and received the same heavenly bread. The missionaries had to endure great hardships in spreading the word of God. Dr. Raimondi mentioned that he had translated the New Testament into Chinese for use in the. churches and Sunday-schools. There were thirty Roman Catholic bishops in China and a large number of priests. His Lordship concluded bj^asking their prayers for the missionaries and their brethren 4n China, and said that when he tefilrned he "would-inform them of the interest the Catholics of Ballarat todk in their ' spiritual welfare. In the evening there were"Pontifical Yespers, and the Bishop <Sf Hong J Kong, who officiated, ''gave "the i episcopal blessing. The Bishop of .the diocese was also present. Fr. Ryan, A.J., preached on, the devotion to the-Sacred'Hearty and'.said: that he was glad to '.learn that the branch in Ballarat' waB ih a 'flourishing state. Th ere was a very laT^ge congregation. '• •A' Yneeting of the •promoters of the A^ostUfehip" of 1 Prayet Was 'held after y^sjpersj and' Fr. Ryan ^addressed them, tod encouraged ihemto p&serere.; The ' Weekly meeting ^f. the Confraternity of -the ^Holy^ai^iW (men's branch) wa$ held in' the jOathedGfal Monday eyeijing jpst. Th^.Ijiy.j;J. Cleary, Ahe spiritual idirector, .presided., There as ia yery large.sttenaappeiof members, menHSKi being (present. After, the. usual devotions, Dr. Raimondi addressed the members. It afforded him, lie said, extreme happiness to be present. He had been asked to say a few words of encouragement to them, btit from what he sawhimself, and had heard of their zeal and piety from their chief pastor, there was no need for doing so. They should rather be congratulated. In the first place he congratulated them upon having established a sodality composed of such a large number of men. He had travelled a good deal,_ but had never seen a society for religions purposes in "which there were so many men as in theirs. He' understood the difficulty of forming aggregations of men for devotional purposes—it was not so difficult for women to do so. In the second place, by thus joining together in societies of this kind, they could more effectually promote their holy religion. Nowadays in temporal matters everything was done by men forming themselves into companies, knowing that by such means they could the more efficiently promote the object they had in view. Among the many religious sodalities connected with the Church none claimed his sympathy more than the Sodality of the Holy Family, which was composed miinly of heads of families, because in maintaining their undoubted right to direct the education of their children they were doing a great good to society. In former times the enemies of the Church attacked its tenets and its doctrine. Now they wished to undermine it by usurping parental rights, and getting the education of the children into their hands, and compelling them to accept an education not in conformity with their ideas or their conscience, thus so win 2; discord in the community. The education of their children was a sacred and solemn duty, for which they would be all held responsible by Almighty God. Children were given to them not as property, and they must give them back again to God. They were entrusted to parents to fit them for eternal happiness in heaven, and they would have to give a strict account for those children. It was a great comfort and a pleasure to him to congratulate their zealous chief pastor and themselves for establishing high schools and other Catholic educational institutions in Ballarat. He was surprised to see the large number attending these schools, where the scholars had the happiness of having imparted to them a religious education. They could not separate religion from education—the education of the mind from that of the heart. We have been created to know God and to possess him hereafter, but without religion we cannot know God. The Bishop, in referring to the progress of the Church in China, said that after the great persecution against the Christians that had taken place in that country, there followed a peace. They were now organising the Church. The country for religious purposes had been divided into provinces, and in each province there were four missions with two or three bishops and a number of European missionaries and native priests, besides a number of laymen as catechists. A tract of country of 50 or 60 miles in extent was set apart to the care of only one teacher or father. In some provinces he priest was only able to make a visit once a year, nevertheless the Chinese onverts preseved the faith and abstained rom sin; and not only did this, but they helped to convert others of their agan countrymen. He attributed all his to the children • attending the atholic schools being well grounded in he catechism. The Chinese Governent did not interfere with education at ll. Parents themselves provided for he education of their children. In illages where there are 20 or 30 Catholic families they could establish a Catholic school, a teacher being appointed by one f the missionary fathers. He must be a good Catholic and a good Christian. n these schools secular and religious nowledge are combined. The teacher during the day makes mention of the lessed Virgin and the Saints. His Lordship concluded a very instructive nd impressive discourse, which was, istened to with profound attention, by! nvoking the blessing of God on their i sodality. He then gave them the' episcopal benediction., Aftprwards there i as Benediction of the Blessed Sabrar j ment, Fr. Cleary officiating.;'/,'. , A meeting of the Ballarat Catholic oung Men's Society was sheld'on. the 2nd inst.; the vice-president (Mr. ulling) in the -chair.Oae new member Was elected; atod- two nominations for embership received. -The half-yearly report and balance-sheet itete adopted. The election of officers *or the ensuing six months resulted < as follows :-Pre«dent Rev. J. F. Rogers; vice-pres dents, Messrs. R. Nanscawen and T.Kealy (unopposed) treasurer,; .Mr- (unoppoU d) secretary, :;A T :Hager, (upippoSi ^en,.Mr.. J. Shaunon (unopposed) ; committee, Messrs. o. J. Mullins, J. Ratcliffe, J. Meehan, J arey, and T. M'Manamny. The special business of the evening was elocution, in which the following members tookp ar { —viz., Messrs. J. Bolger, T. Kealy, ^ Carey, and R. Nanscawen. LOBETTO CONTENT, POETLAND. (From a Correspondent.) The annual entertainment of the Con. fraternity of the| Sacred Hearts of Jesu s Mary, and Joseph in connection with tluj convent, took place on Thursday, 2lst nst. The .large and lofty schoolroom here the meetings are held every f ' day, was elegantly decorated and ooned with ferns, evergreens, and a pro. fusion of beautiful flowers. A16.30 p.m. he members were entertained at a suppet y the Sisters, and on the tables was a great variety of delicacies, all arranged with great taste. Fr. Shine presided, in the absence of Rev. J. O'Donoghue astor of AH Saints' Church. After ten' he tables were cleared away, and a very entertaining programme was gone through. The school children i several choruses and recited s __ amusing pieces with such success as to erit great praise for themselves, and reflect much credit on the Sisters, who had taught them. Miss Calligan, who very efficiently assists the hum n the management of the school, and who has been trained at the Loretto College, Ballarat, contributed greatly to the evening's enjoyment by the splendid manner in which she gave some select readings. The most interesting feature in the evening's performance was the dance, in which both seniors and juniors took part, and which was continued till nearly 11 o'clock p.m. The time and style in which the dance music was played by the young lady boarders was truly adirable. They also filled up the intervals with choice selections from the best omposers. At the close of the entertainment Fr. Shine complimented all ho had taken part in the well- selected rogramme on the creditable manner in which they had acquitted themselves, nd encouraged the members of the confraternity to persevere in faithful attend, ance at their weekly meetings. It may ot be universally known that the Loretto uns have established a boarding-school or a limited number of pupils at Portand, where the latter receive an educaion "equal to that given at Loretto, ary's Mount, Ballarat, and have in ddition the advantages of sea- bathing nd of the healthy air for which Portand is so remarkable. 