THE CROWN PRINCE OF GERMANY. 'The entire nation ia plunged in the* deepest gloom.' Such were the terms which lately concluded one of tha saddest telegrams ever received fronn Europe. There is often a pic turesque vividness in the senten« tious messages that are flashed along the electric wire which exceeds in effect an elaborate statement, somewhat as a flash of lightning produces an intensex' impression than the broad glare of an illumination, and this is an instance of the* kind. We have had frequent accounts of the malady from which the Grown' Prince of Germany has Buffered so longy and of the measures adopted for his relief. The hope has been cherished that the eminent skill by which he haa been treated, and the assiduous attentions that have surrounded him would be successful in arresting the pro gress of his disease, and that, however, great might be the inconvenience It occasioned its fatal termination would ba prevented. From the very first, however, some of the most experienced surgical practitioners have taken an exceedingly grave view of the situation, and their fear has alternated with hope. The latest bulletins, however, confirm the worst appre hensions by their definite statement that there Is no longer any doubt as to tha cancerous nature of the laryngeal growth. That has been all along tha one point on which a division of opinion* existed and uncertainty prevailed. It is now many months since alarm was first occasioned by the medical reports, and it will be remembered that as long ago as. last June the state of the Prince'o throat had caused so much apprehension: that the German doctors were on the ever of performing the Bevere operation known as thyotomy, which consists in removing; a portion of the thyroid cartilage, situated* in the part of the throat commonly known* as Adam's apple, when their handa wera stayed by Dr. Morell Mackenzie. That eminent specialist, who had been hastily summoned from London, succeeded In detaching by meanB of laryngeal forceps two much larger portions of the growth than had been previously extraoted. Thejj were submitted to the examination of Pro fessor Virchow, who Is one of the most skilful microBcoplBts In the world. In his: report he Btatei without hesitation that they proved the tumour to be 'an- epithelial growth associated with papillary excrescences . . . an affection termed 'pachydermla' verrucoBa,'' in plain? English a wart. Tab produced in tha public mind an immediate sense of relief.' It seemed Impossible that a mere wart,; wherever situated or however developed* could be an element of danger, and in deed the idea appeared, to have in it somer measure of absurdity. Some went so fan as to think that but for the exalted rant of the patient very little notice would have been taken of , nuob a trivial matter, but there were Btill experienced laryngologists who refused ta accept the evidence as conclusive. They, stated that such tumours are not neoes* narily homogeneous, that while one portion might be Innocent another might ba malignant j and that the partial examina* tion was not an absolutely certain test. Al rather Bharp controversy arose on the question, whether the irritation occasioned by successive operations, waa not In itself liable to change the character of tha tumour for the worse, and thus produce the very evil they were designed to pre vent. The sequel, according to the latest accounts, justifies the worat fears of tha alarmlstB. The tumour has reasserted? itself, and further examination haa led ta the official announcement being mada that not only la it cancerous ia character, but that It is of the nature: of soft cancer, the moat deadly form of the malady. This notification has been taken as an acknowledgment that the Prince's easels hopeless. A severer operation Is spoken of; but from it aU connected with the Imperial patient reooiL/ for while there is scarcely a chance of It* permanent success, at. the very best it would involve [a tremendous deprivation* A voiceless Emperor Is almost unimagin* able. Thus the universal and profound: gloom are fully accounted for. The marvellous composure of thd Prince himself under the trying cirenm stances Is admirable, but not surprising.' He has been a soldier all his life, and has seen a great deal of active service. The very qualities that, have helped! to make him the successful General he Is acknowledged to be will now enable him to regard the ordeal that is before him with calmness. He has confronted deathi so often and in such terrible forms that It Is not likely he will be lacking in couraga and fortitude now that he has to look ita gradual approaoh folly In the face. It Is true, perhaps, that it requires even mow of heroic fortitude to lie helpless ani passive while the grasp of the greatenemy on his throat is slowly and resfctJeBsly. tightening than to meet the hostile squad rona of either Austrians or French, butha will have all the aid that can be given b^ Mb devoted wife-with- such tender care and sympathy nimnmding Mm as. few invaKda have known. To the Emperor the shadow that has fallen, on the Imperial house must tie peculiarly distressing. Of late he has seemed to be beginning to totter beneath the weight of his 90 years, and tie possible political conse quences of *Tn» affliction must lay upon him & burden of anxiety ha ia little fitted to bear. His courage has not given way, bnt there is something peculiarly touching in £h» present position of the venerable monarch and his family. It appeals to the domestic sentiments that are so Btxong in the Teutonic nature, and has done much to elicit the manifestation of sympathy that has been so pronounced and general. The interest felt by Germans of all classes in the fortunes of the Soyal Family is much greater than prevails among some peoples, being perhaps only second to that of the ?FTigiigTij and accordingly the trouble in the palace is felt in every home through out the hind. Besides that, the Prince has deserved well of his fellowcountry men, and this is folly acknowledged. He had no tnw«n share in the successive mili tary movements by which the .unity of the Empire was brought about, and the GermanB were prepared to receive him right loyally as their Emperor whenever William L should be gathered to his fathers. All these things necessarily add to the acuteness of the national grief. It is premature at present to specu late on the political effects which the affliction of the Crown Prince is likely to produce, and yet this . view of the case is one that win persis tently obtrude itself. A Bense of their gravity Is evident in the promptitude with which the Emperor summoned his trusty Chancellor to Berlin. ? Ho one will imagine that Prince Bismarck waa re quired merely to administer consolation. The situation in Europe is extremely critical ; and though the latest great diplomatic movement by nm^ing the central Powers ha an alliance with the object of preserving peace has fair pro mise of success, very much depends on the maintenance of German internal tranquillity as well as foreign influence. Though the architect of German unity remains, several of the most prominent builders of the edifice are gone, and the fabric itself ia not yet so firmly consoli dated as to be beyond all risk of harm from within or without. The Socialist, Particulariflt, and Ultramontane parties within are all more or less elements of danger. They are restrained and managed very largely by the enormous personal influence wielded by the Emperor ami Titg Prime Minister. The main tenance of this influence is of the highest importance in such a State as the German Empire, with its diverse nationali ties recently welded Into one, and the possible political enacement of any one who has held the important position of hen- to the throne and has commanded respect by his personal character and achievements necessarily introduces serious complications. With this ques tion others stOl wider, in which all the Great Powers of Europe are inti mately concerned, are necessarily Involved. A period of painful and anxious suspense may be anticipated. Until within the hut day or two the opinion of the Prince's medical advisers was that fatal results were not to be immediately feared, and that under favourable circum stances his life might be prolonged for several years. The latest reports, how ever, give a far more Bombre view of the case, and His Boyal BQghness's life seems to be fast approaching a close. The alarming turn which W* ailment has taken must elicit the sympathy as it will sensibly affect the interests of the whole civilized world. As JusBamsQ Prospect. — In alluding on Saturday to the calumnies circulated in London respecting the financial position, of South Australia, we called attention to the encouraging news re ceived of late concerning the copper market. As our telegrams of this morn ing show, the'price is not only being well maintained but Is advancing in the most hopeful way. Previous quotations named £51 per ton aa the value of Wallaroo copper, and now the limit of £54 has been reached. It would be satisfactory to know that there are substantial grounds for this increase, but the mere fact that the market has become more buoyant isin itBelf cheering. -It is noteworthy that tin has been going up in price with extraordinary rapidity, and no doubt the growing demand fo: this metal Ti»« beneficially affected the rates for copper. Certain it is that there has been no material decline in the pro duction of the latter mineral to account for the improved tone of the market, and we would fain deduce from this that the improvement will be permanent. With copper at £60 or £70 a ton an impetus will be given to mining which will go far to cause the tide of prosperity to resume its wonted flow in South Aus tralia. Along with the tidings regarding copper come accounts of a slight but com paratively steady revival in the wheat market. The depression in breadstuffi has been so severe and prolonged that ii Is a novel as well as a pleasant sensation to read of advancing rates. There are special local causes to which this advance is partly referable, but it must be borne in mind that it has followed close upon the heels of the announcement that the American wheat crop ia estimated at 1,453,000,000 bushels. If the likelihood of a surplus' of nine hun dred or a thousand million bushels in. the United States does not depress the market we may rest satisfied that, those who deal inbreadstufis have grounds for anticipating a deficiency in the world's supply. It is consolatory on the^eve of . a harvest In Sooth Australia which Is likely to prove exceptionally prolific to find that there is an upward tendency In prices. The rise may prove only temporary, but meanwhile the Australian Colonies are getting the advantage ol it, for cargoes of aewwheat are being sold to arrive at a sensible advance upon the rates of two oi three weeks ago. Every shilling addition to the price per quarter at home add* something like Ijd. per bushel to the price obtainable by the farmer. Soafci Australians have had such a run of tad luck that they may be excused atfeelini! some little elation at the brighter prospeci with regard to two at least of the staple industries of the province. Tm Ckeis nr Fhahce.— There an troublous times in store for France. Bj this morning's telegrams we learn that th- Ministry have been defeated by the Iarg- majority of 84 in the Chamber of De puties upon a matter affecting theii domestic policy. The excitement ii Paris has now risen to fever heat. Tha M. Daniel Wilson has been guilty o serious misconduct Beems scarcely opei to doubt ? :Bufc the extent of hi Pn« or . complicity, isv as ' yet, . quit! tmdetermmedr * BvieTehi^ ib«r ^rhol matter has- become to- a large extent a political question,- %nd it- is.- difficult to estimate to what extent the judgments of the opposing Bides are influenced by party considerations. It 13 positively^ stated, however, that the paper npon which some of M. Wilson53 letters were written is of manufacture more recent than the dates which the missives bear, thus proving that a system of duplicity of one sort or another has been in practice. The Ministry of M. Eouvier, it will.be remem bered* is almost entirely a creature of 'the President's influence. Daring the hist political crisis M. Gre'vy refused to .accept any of the proposed combina tions in which General Eoulanger was to have figured as the practical dictator, and upon which the task of reform, in the army would devolve. In spite of the threats of the Parisian populace the President persisted in his determination to consult the interests of peace and tranquillity by the formation of a Ministry of men of a more sober-minded character than General Boulanger. But its tenure of office has been brief, and its present downfall imperils greatly the President himself. Already a number of candidates for the supreme office have presented .themselves, and as none of the names that are mentioned are pre-eminentiy honoured or honourable the contest will be a keen and exciting one. No doubt the war party will use their utmost endeavours to pro cure the election of a President favourable to their views, but meanwhile there will 'be some difficulty in dispossessing M. Gre'vy. He has called to his counsels M. de Freycinet, but his own idea is that he must serve out his term of office or do violence to the Constitution. The majority which defeated the Government was composed almost equally of Conservatives and. Ex treme Republicans, and the temporary junction of these two. sections, would seem to indicate that ;a great crisis In French thought and feeling is now at hand. No doubt many of the Conser vatives would be glad, to displace M. Gre'vy hi order to further the objects of the BoyaliBts ; but the Radicals are deter mined thai the army shall be thoroughly reformed, and that General Boulanger is the proper man to carry oat the work. The - people as a whole feel bitterly the humiliation in being forced once more to expose to the world the rotten parts of their military organization and to give occasion for the suspicion that the army of France is at the present day no better prepared for active service than it waa in the days of Napoleon TTT. The events of the next few days will have a most Impor tant effect in tie muTcing of the French history of the hitter portion of this century. . . Thb P. ahd O. Mail —The P. and O. E.M.S. Thames arrived from Sydney and Melbourne at 130 on Saturday morning, re porting a fine passage round, She sailed at 6.35 p.m. for Albany. The Postal CoirpxBEircK.— The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) has received a telegram from the New Zealand Government stating that no member of the Ministry will be able to come to the Postal Conference owing to pressure of business. Mr. Johnson has telegraphed back asking that the permanent head of the Postal De partment might attend to represent that colony. The Conference is proposed to be held early in January, The Mjnistbb op Education's Visit to thb Nobihkrh' Tebrttoby.— The Minister of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) intends to visit the Northern Territory Borne time in January; The Ihtercolonial Boat Race.— The first intercolonial eight-oar boat race rowed in South Australian waters took place on the Port River on Saturday afternoon. Elaborate arrangements for the event were made by the Rowing Association. Several togs and launches full of spectators went down the river and followed the race. The Marine Board launch carried the Starter and Umpire in addition to a number of members of Par liament, Press representatives, and others. Roughly speaking about 10,000 persons wit nessed the race from the vesselB, banks of the river, and wharfs. The crews paddled down to the Btaiting-poiat and the aignal to start the race was given shortly before 5 o'clock. A head wind prevailed and the sea was lumpy, bnt the crews stuck to the shallow water and thus avoided the waves to a great extent. The Williamstown crew went away at the start and won without any unusual exertion. At one period of the race they were fourteen lengths ahead of the South Australians, but the distance was reduced, though only for a time, and the winners passed the Judges nearly a minute before the local men, or about fifteen lengths. The tune was 24 min. 11£ sec, and the course measured 3J- miles. The Bbtti3h Broker Hill Pkofbubtabt Comp hy.— Mr. H. P. Wilson, the Secre tary of the Stock Exchange, received the following telegram from Melbourne on Satur day :— ' Communications have been received from London to the effect that though all the shares in the British Proprietary Company have not been subscribed for, a sufficient number have been applied for to justify the Directors in floating the Company.' An advertisement elsewhere announces that allotments in full will be made to-day. The ENGnrEEB-rN-CHiEF. — It was stated in political circles on Saturday morning that when the debate is resumed in the House of Assembly on Wednesday next on the motion for the adoption of the report of the Select Committee appointed to enquire into Mr. H, C Mais's connection with the Silveiton Tramway an amendment will be moved to the effect that Mr. Mais should be censured for his action, and required to pay all the money he has received from the Silverton Tramway Company to the South Australian Government. The members of Parliament who are moving in this direction will submit the amendment if there is a chanoe of it receiving fair support. Cbickee.— The cricket on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday was fairly interesting. The North Adelaides only made 146 against the Hindmarah, for whom Noel bowled splendidly, his 6 wickets only coating 46 runs. The Hmdmarah lost 1 wicket for 16 The Adelaides rattled up 216 for 8 wickets against the South Adelaides; Evans 64 not out and Stow 44 were the highest scorers. Suteimb Coubt.— The Full Court will sit to-day, being first day of Term, Dkpabtube or Wool Steamkbs.— At 5 o'clock on Saturday morning three ocean Bteamera — the Port Darwin, the Essex, and the Abergeldie— each with a full cargo of wool, went down the Port River on a flowing tide bound direct for London. No tug was in attendance in either case, and no hitch occurred throughout. The Port Darwin was drawing 21 Is. 4 in. aft, the Esaex 20 ft. 2 in., and the Abergeldie 21 ft 1 in. The Port Darwin had equal to 9,100 bales aboard from all ports. Of this S58 bales were shipped at Port Victor, and 1,SS4 bales at Port Adelaide. In the manifest as published on Saturday ths Port Victor consignment was erroneously credited to Kingston. The Essex also took equal to 9,100 bales, 2,015 of which were from our ports. The Abergeldie had equal to 10,000 bales or a little over, reckoning all ports, 3,768 of these being credited to South Australia. Cbicket.— A crioket match will be played on Adelaide Oval to-day, the Point if acleay natives playing a team of the Wanderers. A good game should be the outcome, a3 the natives are adepts both with the bat and balL The proceeds will be devoted to the Mission Fund. Thb PicnraESQTJB Atlas, — Mr. Jenkins, M.P., representing the publishers, has sent to ub Part XtV. of the AtlaB, which deals exclusively with Victoria, and almost en tirely with the capital city, which, when ifc was known as Beargrass Township, com prised only thirteen primitive buildings. In 1836 it waa named after Lord Melbourne, then Prime Minister of England; and since then, as ib suggested by one of the writers, the Australian place which took the title of the British Premier has dona more to per petuate that name than the courtly gentle , it an who inherited ft.1 A portrait of ^the aoolem&zt-u; ^iv^ik iii Hub numbers — Asother~ picture of at least equaRnterelS is that of the Dbeliak erected to the memory of John Bat man with the suggestive word 'Circuni- Bpice,' ending its inscription. The two first, and two of the moat prominent pictures, are the frontispiece view of the Botanic Gardens with Government Honae showing rather dimly in the background, and an interior representation of the Legislative Council Chamber. Com parisoEs are not always pleasant ; it is to ba hoped, therefore, that the artist who ia Bup pljiflg South. Australian sketches for the 'Atlas' will not consider it necessary to ehow the inside of oar Legislative Council Chamber. Numerous other engravings faitfl fullj depict the most important suburban public buildings, and there is especially a picturesque beauty about a rural scene near the You Yangs. Arti3ta and writers combine, with reasonable justification it must be con fessed, in glorifying our enterprising sister colony in the East, whoae gold brought to it so much prosperity, Its people have always been, and rightly, great self- advertisers, j Yet, withal, in this ' 'Atlas' good judg ment has been Bhown in the use of facta and figures, whilst nothing great or small which would be likely to interest the reader has 'vbeen omitted. We are told, for instance, that Melbourne, urban and Buburban, has a population of 300,000 ; that about half of that number have witnessed the Melbourne Cap Race in one day, and (coming down to the prosaic) that through Newmarket alone paia yearly for the consumption of the peoole about 400,000 sheep and between 50,000 and 60,000 cattle. The Boys' Field Club.— This club held their fifth excursion on Saturday, a large number of boys being taken to BUckwood. Mr. E. W. Webb, of Coromandel Valley, waa in charge. The Inspector-General of Schools (Mr. Hartley), Inspector Wmtham, and Messrs. J. Cater and W. C. Grasby were amongst the party, who spent an interesting afternoon, and returned to the city by the 5.50 tram. Tttr Anti-Chinese Meeting. — Over 100 signatures have, we understand, been attached to the requisition requesting His Worship the Mayor to convene a public meeting in the Town Hall to discuss the Chinese question. It will in all probability be presented to-day by the Trades and Labour Council. It is the general desire that the meeting shall take place on Wednes day evening. The speakers upon that occa sion will be Mr. Potts (the Queensland delegate), members of Parliament, and otherB. The resolutions passed at the meet ing will possibly be presented to the Premier by a deputation. Mtoicxpai. Elbctioks. — Mr. J. W. Jack son announces his intention to stand for Bobs Ward. Mr. W. EL StevenBon (of Messrs. Stevenson Brothen) has decided to contest Hindmarsh Ward. Mr. Thomas JohnBon announces his candidature else where for MacDonnell Ward. In the Munici pality of Hindmarsh, Mr. S. Coombe will stand for Bowden Ward. Mr. A. W. Ralph is a candidate for Hindmarsh Ward, and will addresi the ratepayers at the Black Lion Hotel to-night. Bolt on North-tebeack.— ax about 7.50 on Saturday morning an accident occurred on North-terrace. It appears that the horees of licensed cab No. 82, owned by Mr. Parker, took fright, bolted from the Baflway Station, ran along the terrace, and when opposite the Institute collided with a mQk cart, throwing out the occupants, Mr. W. Wilson, of Prospect, and a boy named G. Norlly, and somewhat injuring them, more especially the lad, who was sent to the Hospital by Dr. A. Campbell. He was admitted, and found to be suffering from concussion of the brain. He is now pro gressing satisfactorily. Mr. Wilson was taken home. His horse and oart were also knocked about. Continuing the course along North-terrace the cab, when opposite the Exhibition, ran into Mr. W. Packer's van and two horses. Beyond injuring one of the latter there was no further damage. The cab was smashed to pieces and the hones made off. False Fire Alarm.— On Sunday afternoon some mischievous person caused the Fire Brigade authorities some unnecessary annoy ance by giving a fake alarm. The box con taining the electric apparatus on a telegraph post at the eastern end of Rundle-street was broken and the alarm given. The brigade acted smartly upon the intimation received, and were surprised to find their services were not required. TJSNECBSSAB? DbAGGING HT THE POBT River.— On Sunday, evening an alarm was given to the Port police of a supposed drowning case. Some boys were playing at the Copper Company's Wharf, and it was noticed that one of the number had disap peared. It was feared that the boy had fallen overboard, and the police at onoe began to drag for the body. After they had been at work for about ten minutes the lad fortunately came alongside, simply having eone away unobserved.- ? Kahgaroo Island.— Messrs. C. H. fiuasey, M.P., and H. E. Downer, M.P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on November 16, and presented a memorial from the several residents in the eastern portion of the Hundred of Dudley, calling attention to the bad state of the roads leading from Hog Bay to Cape Willonghby. Mr. T. Wilson waited upon the CommisBoner on Saturday morning in support of the prayer of the memorial. The Commissioner promised to get a report from Mr. Irvine. A Chapter of Accidents.— On Saturday evening a small fire occurred at the General Post Office, which but for prompt assistance would have probably caused great damage. The fire started in the machine-room from a small gas-stove which had been used for the purpose of heating water for cleaning the machinery used in the department. The accident occurred owing to the forgetfulness of the clerk to turn off the gas. The City Coroner subsequently met Mr. Todd, who decided to have some alterations effected in the arrangement of the stove to prevent a repetition of the fire. On Sunday the Coroner received intelligence that a fire had occurred in a bedroom of the Marquis of Lome Hotel, Pirie- street. Mr. Ward in spected the premises and learned that a lodger came home on Saturday after a heavy day's work, and after lighting a candle threw him self on his bed and fell asleep. The bedroom window being open a breeze blowing the candle set the blinds on fire. A person passing by gave the alarm. The somewhat sudden death at Thebarton of Mrs. Elizabeth Taylor was also reported. She had been ailing for some time from gastric derange ment. Dr. Stewart had been until lately her medical attendant. An inquest was not deemed necessary in any case. Address to the Pop£.— It waa said that the address eent to the Queen by the women of South Australia, and illuminated by the Dominican nuns of North Adelaide, was the most beautiful of all those presented to Her Majesty the Queen, but it ia even excelled in beauty by one just illuminated by the same nuns and bound by Messrs. Wigg & Co., for presentation to the Pope. This address is bound in white vellum and gold, inlaid with blue morocco, and having a rich fillet of gold beautifully wrought in metal. At the top of the right page 13 au exquisite paint ing of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecoat, and at the bottom a miniature of the Last Sapper emblazoned on a mosaic of gold. The aide3 are wrought with medieval desigES, with figures of saints and their emblems of the Papal dignity. St. Peter occupies tha centre, bearing under him the words, ' Thou are Peter, and on thia rock will I build my Church,' and opposite ia St. Paul on an enamelled background of crimson, and gold, surrounded by a scroll, on which is illuminated the words, ' Thou art a vessel of election.' In each initial letter will be found some emblem of the office of Leo XIII., and the arma of the Pecci family occupy a con spicuous place. Tiia scene at the head of the left page is the giving of the Rosary to St. Dominie. He kneels in the habit of his order at the feet of our Lord, who is repre sented as a child ia the arms of His mother, and from His hands St. Dominic receives the roeary. Paul is on the right-hand side, and on the left is St. Joachim, the ^ father of the mother of our Lord. A very lovely figure of St. Thomas, emblazoned I on a chagrin oi crimson and gold, indi cates the high esteem in which the present' Pope has always helitfae philosophy of St. Thomas Aquinas, while Si. Francis of Assess! receiving the. stigmata points out his love for the third Order of St. Francis ; and at the foot of the page a lovely painting of the Last Supper stands on a diaper of gold mosaic Under this is illuminated the date of the Pope's first mass. The finish and expression of the faces in thia lovely illumination are quite perfect, and both the painting and binding of the address reflect great honour on South Australia. The ad dress will be on view to-day at Messrs. Wigg and Go.'b, Mjxitia Movements. — The annual inspec tion of B Battery, Garrison Artillery, took place at JL&rga; Fort on Saturday afternoon, and it is gratifying to know that the General Commandant is satisfied whh the physique, equipment, and bearing of the men compos ing this branch of the service. They are certainly a smart lot of healthy-looking men, who appear ready and willing to do their duty, and take an interest in their work. That they have not full facilities for making themselves thoroughly emcient in every de tail of the big guns is the only thing that tells against them, for there Beems to axis, a wholesome spirit of emulation and a good feeling of esprit de corps to keep up their quality for usefulness. What they really want is plenty of employment at the fort in the way of repository drill and practice with the guns, An improvement haa been made in their appearance by the substitution of white belts, haversacks, and pouches, by which a much smarter look ia given to them indivi dually and collectively. Those who take any interest in our defences ought to be satisfied with the quality at least of our per manent, our garrison, and our field artillery —the Btamp of men in each of the three branches iB excellent. On Saturday B Battery mustered 1 major, 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, 2 sergeants-major, 6 sergeants, 5 corporalB, 1 bugler, 44 gunners ; total, 98 men and 5 officers. There are twenty men away and twenty men on leave. Major Fiveash was in command. The force paraded equipped with folded overcoats, waterbottlea, haversacks, helmets, and forage caps, and with their car bines, and after General Owen had critically inspected their anna and accoutrements they divested themselves- of 'marching impedi menta' and were put through the manual and firing exercise by Captain Fergusson and subalterns, acquitting then.selvea satisfac torily. They were then sent to the 9-inch and SO-pounder guns, each detachment taking a turn. This is congenial work, and they did it carefully, laying the guns on objects pointed out, and getting through all the dumb show of 'as with blank cartridge.' The super numerary men were engaged in knotting and splicing. Subsequently the General com municated his impressions to the offisers, and told the men that he was satisfied with the result of the inspection, but he thought they would be the better for a little more 'go' — that is to eay quickness combined with care fulness. They would have to go in next for repository drill. He gave them some advice about their accoutrements and duty, and dismissed them after having Been them pretty freely at work for two and a half hours. The fort ia in beautiful order throughout, cleanliness being observed in the minutest detail. On December 26 B Battery will have firing competition at Fort Glanville. Home fob Incubables.— June many other ingagements of Saturday afternoon did not prevent the strawberry fete on the grounds -f the Home for Incurables at Fullarton King a pleasing success, as the twofold -bject of raising funds in aid of the inatitu ion and giving the public an opportunity of nspecting the Home and judging for them lelves aa to its arrangements and manage nent was realized in a very satisfactory legree. It ia rather unfortunate that the Home s in & somewhat out-of-the-way place. Many ?eaidents of Adelaide would be unable to ind it without directions, as the building ies nearly a mile away from any main road, ind while being only one storey in height is io surrounded by trees that it cannot be iiacerned from any distance. The nearest route from town, and that followed by the risitors on Saturday, is by taking the car to [Jnley,andgoingupthe Becond street— Fisher- street, on the east beyond the car terminus. rhe site is about half-way up on the south side. On Saturday several cabs were busily plying Erom the cars as they arrived to the grounds of the institution. The weather was bright and cool, and the Ecene a very interesting one. The building, although unpretentious, contains some 26 rooms, which are provided with abundance of fresh air and light. At present there are 68 inmates, the greater number being women, and all the beds except 2 are occupied, but there are 5 candidates awaiting admission. Mrs. Cox, the matron, carries on the manage ment with two nurses and four house servants. Most of the inmates were on the pounds during the fete, and thoroughly appreciated the numerous acts of kindness Bhown to them, while their helpless condition and often great age where in striking contrast to the appearance of hundreds of bright maidens and youths in Bummer attire who were taking part in the pleasures of the fair. A large pavilion, hung round with bannerettes, contained stalls crowded with fruit, sweet meats, and fancy goods. The demand waa chiefly for strawberries and cream, and tea and cake also Bold well. Good programmes of music were gone through by the Police Band and the band associated with the Catholio Temperance Guilds, who cheer fully responded after only a few hourB* notice. The children found enter tainment in pony rides, swings, Aunt Sally, and other diversions. The Home was thrown open, and Mrs Cox and the nurses were engaged all the afternoon show ing over the rooms and giving information. The condition of the rooms and passages and the system of management met with un qualified approval from every one. His Ex cellency the Governor and the Mayoress of Adelaide were among the visitors. The suc cess of the fair is mainly due to the efforts of Mesdames Farr, Makin, C. B. Hardy, Saner bier, and Darling, and other ladies. All the articles disposed of were given for the occa sion, and the proceeds will prove very accep table at this time, as the funds are in a low state. Small Ems as Bosbwatkb. — On Thurs day evening a small fire occurred in an empty house at Everton, near Rosewater. It is thought to be the property of the Per manent Equitable Building Society. The fire was very small. Enquiries are bdng made. S.A. COMMKBCIAIi TBAVKLLBBS ASSOOIA tiok. — A special general meeting of this Association waa called at Beach's Booms for Saturday evening. The President of the Association (Mr. G. C. Knight) presided. The meeting^ was called 'to consider tha advisability of establishing a club for com mercial travellers,' but after waiting an hour the meeting lapsed owing to the re quired number of members not being present. For some time the matter of forming such a club bas been pressed upon the committee, but at their last* meeting they decided it waa a matter for the members themselves to deal with and declined any responsibility until a membership of at least fifty was guaranteed at a yearly subscription of £4 4a,, and aa the meeting held on Saturday evening turned out, it was fortunate they proceeded cautiously. We understand tha Associations of Victoria and Sydney both have excellent clubs of their own, and thongh not a great success financially are much used and greatly appreciated by commercial travellers and their friends, Masonic.— The trustees of the Fax Fund have decided to at ones put the interest accruing from the same to good use, and at the meeting this week of the United Trades men's Lodge it waa decided to obtain a scholarship at one of the Colleges or advanced schools for the orphan of the deceased brother, who was held in high esteem by the members of the craft. Maeket Gaedekebs' asd Fbuitgbowxbs Association.— A meeting was held in the Institute, Paynelnm, on Wednesday to take into consideration the advisability of forming a Market Gardeners' and Fruitgrowers' Association. There was a Bmall attendance. Mr. C. Pitt presided. A deputation from the hills, consisting of Messrs. T. Collins, G. Ireland, Bradley, and G. Squires, attended, and fully explained the objecta of the proposed Association, after which a motion wascarried affirming the desirability of Buch Association, and appointing Messrs, Charles Pitt, James Beasley, and D. W. Barnes aa delegates from this. district to confer and act with others already appointed in other fruit growing district?. Fees Breakfast.— The regular meal was provided at the City Mission Hall, Light square, on Sunday morning, when 144 were provided with a good, plain but substantial breakfast. Of these 114 were women and children, and thirty men. There were a large number of ladiea and gentlemen present, and most of them willingly assisted in the meal and otherwise helped to make the poor people happy. Tbey seemed to thoroughly appreciate the kindness shown them. At the after-meeting Mr. J. J. Green presided, and addresses were delivered by Mrs. Morgan, Miss Green, Messrs. Wilson and G. C. Knight. The choir, led by Miss Green, rendered good service, and at the close of the meeting the remaining food was distributed to the moat needy of the deserv ing poor. A meeting of the committee and workers was held in one of the rooms in the morning, when it waa resolved 'to discontinue the free breakfasts after the end of the year until next winter.' It w^a felt with the brighter outlook and better prospects there was less necessity for the continuation of the meal during the summer months. It was men tioned that funds had come in well during the trying winter we have passed through, not only fcr the breakfast but also to provide sick comforts for the suffering ones, and we understand Dr. H. H. Norman has again promised to provide the Christmas breakfast, which in past years have been so successful, as on these festive occasions the tables have been generally provided with some luxuries that do not usually appear. Phtlloxeba in Geelohg.— A long dis cussion took place (saya the Argus of Friday) on the vote of £400 for trenching hi vine yardB at Geelong. Mr. Levien, Mr. Munro, Mr. Andrews, and Mr. Rees strongly urged the claims of the vignerona to further com pensation on account of the destruction of their vines. It was pointed out that they had been very harshly treated. They were told that after three years they could re plant, but seven years had passed and replanting was still prohibited. Mr. Bosisto reminded the Committee that last year phyl loxera was found to be still existent at Geelong. Another examination would be made next month. Until the eradication was completed replanting could not be allowed. Other members expressed the opinion that the vignerons had been suffi ciently compensated. WoOLBDTEBSWOBKINGWlTHOrjTCAPITAIj. —The bills of lading question raised by a correspondent (saya the S.M. Herald of Friday) ia one of some importance, though it does not yet appear to have assumed such a position aB to require the passing of an Act to deal with it. It is said that woolbuyers, having been deprived of the measure of credit by which they were allowed seven days to ship wool before payment, are now seeking to save themselves expense by urging ship masters or agents to give them bills of lading whilst the wool is still in the auction stores, with the object of discounting these doou ments to pay the auctioneers. It is contended that to give a Dm oi lading tor goods wnicn the shippers do not khold, and have not paid for, is practically to give a paper containing wilful misrepresentations of facts that may mislead or damage the interests of the Bank discounting it. Masters and agenta of al vessels trading to the colony should unite in declining to introduce the system. The ship would, it ia said, be liable to the Bank dis counting the bill of lading in the event of the non- delivery of the wool to the vessel or of anything happening by which the Bank suffered. Oar banking institutions might very well aid in checking any abuse like the one indicated by refusing to discount until satisfied that the property they are asked to advance upon is either on board or well within the possession of the master or agent of the vessel for whioh the bill of lading is given, Maori Laxd Transactions.— One of the most {important cases ever heard in connec tion with Maori land transactions (writes the Argus Dunedin correspondent in his letter of November 10) has been commenced in the Wellington Supreme Court. A number of natives belonging to the Npatikawhatuhapu, in Wellington, are suins; Alexander McDonald for a statement of accounts in connection with a block of land near Fielding, and also asking the Court to declare that deeds of mortgage and conveyance held by him be declared null and void. McDonald, who has been living in the district for 30 years, gained the confidence of the tribe, who elected him as one of their chiefs. He so far identified himself with their interests that he was im prisoned for shooting the leading horse of the mail coach, which it was alleged was tres passing on the tribal lands. McDonald held a lease from the mortgager of the land, and when the natives failed to make provision for paying the mortgage he made arrange ments to have the mortgage transferred to himself. The Statute of Limitations is relied upon as a defence to part of the claim, and the acquiescence of the natives with bis actions to the rest. Latest News tboh Samoa. — The latest advices from Samoa, dated November 1 (re ports the Argus) state that matters in the islands were quiet, but there was a growing dissatisfaction among the chiefs even of Tamasese'a party, who were becoming more keenly alive to the fact that Tamasese had been made use of merely to serve the policy of the Germans, and that they would gra dually be deprived of their most cherished institutions. The United States war steamer Adams arrived on October 19, to the great delight of Americans and Europeans, other than Germans, and also of the natives. The MatoeaIi Banquet at Norwood.— Notice having been taken of the fact that no record appeared in the report of the banquet as to the toast of 'The Mayor,' we are asked co Btate that it waa proposed by Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P. (Mayor of Adelaide), who referred in graceful terms to Mr. Stevena's hospitality, and expressed a desire to Bee him occupy his office for au additional term. The toast was received and honoured with the greatest enthusiasm. As it was not pro posed, however, till an advanced stage of the proceedings, it was included in the report in the general terms, ' Other toasts were honoured,' The report was supplied to us. Majok Dane's Last Lectttee. — Eloquent Major Dane will deliver his last lecture iu the Victoria Hall to-night on 'Great Naval Battles of the American Rebellion.' TTig Excellency the Governor and several leading citizens will be present. The prices of ad mission have been reduced. Glenelg Weslbyan Chubch. — The cele bration of the anniversary of the Foreign Mission connected with this Church will be held to-night, when the Bev. G. Brown will give an address on 'Savage Life,' illustrated by views. Aborigikes' Friends' Association.— The annual meeting will be held in the Pirie street Wesleyan Lecture Hall to-night. The Hon. A. Catt (Commissioner of Public Works) will preside, and 200 natives will be present, reciting and singing a number of sacred songs. Adelaide Philharmonic Society. — A rehearsal of the '* Messiah' in connection with thia Society will be held to-night, when members are requested to bring copies of the piece with them. Oddpellows' Hall.Pobt Adelaide. — The Iolanthe Variety Troupe will give an enter tainment here to- night in aid of the Austral Football Club. The Western Trade.— The Palmerston has been substituted for the Jessie Darling for Port Lincoln, Wallaroo, and Franklin Harbour. Thebabtoh Elections, — Mr. E. C Hemingway will address the electors of Thebarton at the Southwark Hotel thia even ing. Seise National League. — A special meet ing of the League will to-night be held iu the rooms, Victoria-square east. Operative Bootmakers' Union. — The half-yearly meeting will be held at the Labour League Hall to-night. Port Adelatdf Town TTat.t. — The Figaro Minstrel Troupe will give an entertainment In this Hall to-night. The Baiotall. — Rainfall for the twenty four hours ending 9 a.m. Saturday, Novem ber 19 :— Yam Creek, 0*330. Bttrford Fond.— Will the representative please call at this office ? 