BORN TO BE DROWNED. CHAPTER XI.--(Continued.) ' Yes; my manner, doubtless, has proved how nervous, ill, and excited I have been. I have engaged in great speculations, and I fear that utter ruin menaces our house.' Henry started and flushed crimson. Ruin threatening the house ! Was it for this that he had destroyed his father, and began the. destruction of Sir Davenport? 'Ruin!--in what way?' he said. ' I had thought that we were im mensely rich.' The old man sighed deeply. 'So we were, my son,' (he always called Henry his son),-' so we were; but I unfortunately was induced by specious arguments, to endeavour to make our riches greater. I engaged in speculation-I have lost! I have no means of meeting my engage ments, and I am compelled to come to you to aid me.' ' To me ! How can I possibly aid you ?' said Henry, in real surprise. ' I have no private means.' 'I know it; but that is not my meaning. I applied to Mary just now, thinking that she would consent to marry you at once, and that when you had possession of her large fortune you would assist me. However, she distinctly and absolutely refused, and it now only remains to me to depend on you.' ' In what way ?' asked Henry, with some impatience. 'I. will explain. The property which I could make available I have, unfortunately, used. There is other property, however, to a large amount, which I cannot touch unless I have your consent. ' Will nothing else save you but the sacrifice of the only straw left out of the wreck ?' said Henry. ' Nothing save my death,' returned the old man, bitterly. ' Which would hasten my ruin.' ' No ; if death were to overtake me, the property is so left that my debts die with me.' Henry rose quietly and walked to the window, in order that he might not show the ghastly change which took place in his countenance. 'This is a terrible alternative,' he muttered. Then, turning again for a moment, he said, ' Well, and if I do consent, what then ? Will the whole of my property go to pay these de mands ?' ' No; only one half.' ' And if I refuse ?' ' Then, Henry,' said the old man, wistfully and painfully, ' I must go to prison.' ' I consent, then,' returned Henry. ' To-morrow we will arrange this matter.' : Sir Davenport seized his hand and pressed it. ' My noble, generous boy,' he cried, 'you cannot think how I thank and bless, you for thus saving me from disgrace !' ' It is the disgrace of the whole family,' said Henry, 'and I most willingly do what you wish.' ' You will do this to-morrow, early, then ?' asked Sir Davenport. ' As early as you please, sir.' ' Good, then!. At nine o'clock we will drive over to the town together.' 'Very well, sir; I will be ready,' said Henry, and quitted the room. Going up at his' own bed-chamber, h6 changed his attire, and, putting on a long cloak and a rough hat, quitted the house by the terrace window, and made his way-towards the wood. This time, however, he resolved . not to be followed. " Instead; therefore, of stealing round by the back road, he made his way towards the tall iron gates, and, passing out into the high road, entered the wood by the narrow path along the stream, and thus, by a circuitous route, arrived at the spot where the body of Robert Oakley lay, stiff and still in death. His purposewas to search the pockets -which he had neglected to do before -and to destroy all evidences of the murdered man's identity. In a few minutes, he had emptied the pockets. ; . .. , In thlen were ton shillings, a long clasp knifo, and two letters. Eagerly secreting these things, Harry hastily rearranged the grave, uand turned awdny,' ti?inbling in every limb, and starting at every shadow. Yes, this was scarcely more than constitutional nervousness. His mind was blackened now, and hardonod for the commission of fresh sins. On reaching.his chamber, he drew down the blinds closely, and, flinging himself into a chair, read some letters. Outside the firstrwas written, ' Copy of a lottei'of CalptaiiiMaltravers.' It ran thus: ' Si, · The youth Henry Maltravers, now residing at Loeksley Hall, is really ybur son. The supposed change of childrenenv'er took place. :My son is. Ivan Lee, a gipsy lad, now in our on S'Yoiisrespeetfully,. ' RoEnTn Oarrn'. The second was evidently written in order to be sent to Henry, if all Robert's entreaties and threats failed. ' MY DEAR HARRY, S' Good-bye! You won't hear any thing more of me. I was enraged twith you at first, and would have given you over to justice for refusing to obey me; but my natural love for you has prevailed, and I shall remove myself from your path for ever. Good-bye! ' Your affectionate father, 'I OBERT OAICLEY.' Henry started up, and clutched the letter convulsively. 'An assassin for nothing!' he gasped. Then his eyes fell on the long clasp knife. A red mist floated- before his vision, and he sat down again. CHAPTER XII. THE USE OF THE CLASP-KNIFE. 'EITHER he or I shall die, rather!' said Mary Sunnythorn, as she quitted the study of the Baronet. ,And as she uttered the words she hurried to her own room, and, in the bitterness of her heart, flung herself on the bed in a kind of swoon; feeling certain in her own mind, that the end of her secret love was coming, and that a marriage with Henry Mal travers would be forced upon her. It was a wild night, and the howl ing wind shook the windows, and dashed the trailing ivy leaves sharply against the panes. A fearful night it was, making all visions of freedom and escape im possible-a night which necssitated one to be content with one's own fireside, and forbade the idea of wandering further. The wind was raging still, when she roused herself from her swoon howling through the trees outside, tearing down branches, and scatter ing the dead leaves like flakes of frozen snow upon the ground. Every door and window shook throughout the house, and the wild moaning in the chimneys, came start ling, like the cries of tortured beings. Confused and giddy, Mary rose up out of her trance, stiff with cold, and scarcely conscious. But as her brain grew clearer, it grew also feverish, and she knew there was no rest for her that night. Her hearingbegantobe distressingly acute, as if there was something to listen for. Every painful thought and circum stance of her life rose up before her with the force and vividness of living scenes actually present to her senses. She paced her room for some time in a state of despair-wringing her hands and sobbing violently, but with out tears. By degrees, a little calmness came to her, and she resolved to go down stairs for a book-some quiet book which would soothe her like an opiate. She opened the door. As shedid so, she fancied she heard a stealthy step along the passage. She was not deceived. There was a step passing furtively over the creaking boards in the direc tion of Sir Davenport Locksley's apartment. She shrank back into the doorway. And yet there was nothing to alarm her. A quick footfall at midnight might easily be accounted for. Why should it affect her with mistrust and dread? Why should she feel this overpowering impulse to go towards the sound ? She scarcely knew what she ex pected to find; but something seemed to impel her to the discovery of some thing horrible. Placing the candle on the floor, she crept noiselessly along the passage every nerve strung to its very utmost tension. Sir Davenport slept in a room at the end of the backstairs gallery, which ran at right-angles to the passage in which Mary's room was situated. Her door faced that of Henry Mal travers, and she could see it from where she stood; but it was necessary to pass along the whole of the gallery to see Sir Davenport's. She could see, however, that his door was open, for a ray of light fell along the staircase wall, and she could hear his heavy breathing. Then she heard a man's step in the room. She heard the boards creek and the bed-clothes softly rustle; she heard an impatient moan as of someone disturbed in his sleep; and then a heavy blow, a stifled groan, a man's deep-drawn breath, and the quick, sharp drip of something spilt upon the floor. Dumb from terror, she stood in the doorway of the Baronet's room. Pale and motionless on the bed lay the old man, his limbs carelessly flung abroad in the unconsciousnessof sleep, and his face as calm and as quiet as if still dreaming. The sheets were wet with blood- red-the light of the candle glistening upon a small, red stream that flowed over the side of the bed on the floor beneath. At a little distance stood Henry Maltravers, wiping a knife on a hand kerchief. He turned, and their eyes met. Springing towards Mary, with an oath, he caught her by the throat, and drew the knife across her hands. She remembered no more until she awoke in the broaddaylight, and found herself in themidstof a crowd gathered round her bed. Curious eyes stared at her, harsh voices mocked her. Rough hands ,were laid upon her, and she heard herself brandedwith the burning name of murderess. Red tracks, made by a woman's naked feet-made by Mary's fet--led from the Baronet's room to hers. Each track was plainly printed on the bare, uncarpeted floor-tracks of. a woman's feet, and none other. Miry's 'hands had been gashed by a knife in the struggle. There was no explaining awaythose marks and signs of guilt. Had not the Baronet and she quarrelled? . Had shenotopenly defied and threatened him? Either he or 1 shall die first,' she had been heard to say. This was enough. Escape was impossible. To all the evidence heaped up against her with such art and cunning, she had but one unsupported assertion, which would. be set down as' the ravings of a maniac. All that day she lay there-all that weary, sobbing, gloomy day. When the night came the key was turned. softly in the lock, and pale and terrible, like an avenging ghost, the poor bereaved wife glided into Mary's room. She said no comforting words; she gave her no kind look; no pitying human touch. - ' Go," she said, below her breath, not looking at Mary. 'I do not. love you, andhe did not.. But,I.know you are innocent, and I don't want your blood on my head. My turn is to come next; but I don't mind now he is gone. Go at once. He is sleeping; I made him sleep for you, but it will not last long.' Without another word she turned from the room, leaving the door open. Mary got up as she bade her. Without energy, without hope, she quietly dressed herself, and left the house, going forth into the darkness and desolation, more because she had been bidden to do so, than to escape a greater peril. She wandered through the by-road aimlessly, nervelessly, not shaping her course for any goal, but simply,going forward to wheiever chance might lead her. Branded as a murderess, the hands of the whole world were against' her. Life, in all its gay colours, has attractions to old and young; and Mary Sunnythorn, as she wandered through the wood, felt eager for the darkness to come again, that she might get upon the high road, and fly once more, she knew not whither. Suddenly she heard footsteps ap proaching. The natural instinct of fear made her start back, and hide behind the trunk of a tree. She soon, however, left her hiding place, for the new-comer was none other than Ivan Lee. With a cry of joy, she sprang into his arms, and, then, ere he could speak to her, she burst into a passionate flood of tears. ' Why, what ails you, my darling?' he said, gently. ' Have you not heard? Sir Daven port Locksley is dead-murdered!' ' Dead--murdered !' SYes; and I am accused of his murder !' 'You, my darling? Impossible ! Who could be so blindly foolish as to say such a thing as this ?' ' Listen, dearest, and Iwilltell you.' Briefly, with many starts and glances round, Mary Sunnythorn told her story. Ivan listened to her in utter and complete bewilderment. 'You must not be seen with me," Ivan,' she added, as she finished her narrative. ' Why, dear one ?' 'You would be compromised. They would say you were aiding me to es cape justice.' Ivan smiled. ' Not be seen with you, Mary !' he cried. 'Why, you must come at once to the gipsy tents; there you will be safe from all. Come at once, and we will strike tents to- night, and move away to another part of the country, where you will be in less fear of de tection.' It did not require much persuasion to induce Mary to accept a proposition which held out such chances of safety ; and, within a quarter of an hoifr, she hadbeen stowed away under canvas, and it had been arranged that in the middle of the night the encampment should be moved. Darkness had come on, and the gipsies were gathered round their fires, cooking and eating their meals, when a lad came running breathlessly into their midst. 'What ails you-whatis the matter?' cried Ivan Lee, springing up. 'The soldiers-the soldiers !' gasped the boy. 'Well, what of them? Speak !' ex claimed the gipsies in chorus, as they stood to their muskets. 'The soldiers are on us, and Mr, Maltravers is at the head of them.' Hardly had the words escaped his lips, when the red-coats and the gleam ing bayonets were seen through the foliage of the trees. (To be continued.) 