NOT YET SOLVED. The following is a true. ghost story. It is an account of some supernatural incideuts which have recently taken place in a clergyman's house situated in a favourite London suburb. They are so strange as to be thought worthy of publication, and are here given by one of tbe daughters of the house. What I am about to relate ie quite true in all the main facts, and I make the story known as beiDg another of the many instances which prove that links nndeniably exist between the spiritnal and the material world. There neither was nor is anything g.uuuijr auuiiii we uuuse. 11 Decame our home many years ago on account of its being tbe only available honse to anit na near my father's cfanrch. When my father took the house it had been built about three years. Daring that time it was occupied by a Captain somebody, (whose name I forget), his wife and little child, a girL Bnt tbe child bad then died suddenly, it was said, nnder vety painful circumstances, and the parents were so distressed that they threw up the lease of the honse and went away, and my father took it. There was nothing gloomy, I have said, abont the honse. Neither was there any apparent reason whv all of m children shonld shnn a particular bed room in it, which stood on the first landing, immediately over the dining- room, looking out into the street It was a spacious, airy room, nothing what ever to be seen amiss with It ; neverthe less, we little ones, from tbe eldest to the youngest, felt an nnaccoantable fear of it. It was in vain that onr nurse and Aunt Jane, who, between them, enp- plied the place of the mother we had lost, strove to re-assure as, saying there was nothing to fear. We did fear the room, and conld not help it. This unreasonable fear was, no donbt, augmented by one carious fact, which bad been observed from the time we first entered the honse. Constantly, and more especially daring the spring and autumn time, the stone staircase, of which the first flight was composed, and which led on to the landing of the be fore- mentioned bed-room, seemed to be perpetually promenaded at nigbt by email, pattering feet, as of a small child ceaselessly toiling np and down. In deed, on our instalment in the honse, nnrse, who had reason to suspect one of my brothers of tbe bad habit of walking in his sleep, wonld rise from her bed, and descend, candle in hand, with a warm shawl, ready to wrap round tile little sleep-walker. The first time, not finding him, and tninsing sne Had somehow missed him, she talked to him the next day, saying : 'He might catch his death of cold, Stepping np and down them bare stone stairs. The stairs were not carpeted, owing to a whim of my father's. Bat soon, to her amazement, nnrse found the sounds were not caused by him ; on each occasion she found him asleep in bed. Bat the pattering foot steps continued to be heard by all of ns. After many conjectures as to the cause of the sounds, Annt Jane and nurse ceased to talk of them, at least, in onr hearing; apparently paying them no attention. Indeed, in time we all grew accustomed to them, and never gave them much thought, except when visitors where staying in the honse. The snnnds disturbed them, and they wonld now and then make a remark on the restless nature of the yonng members of the household, who appeared to prefer walking up and down stairs at night to resting in bed.' Bat to the bedroom we never did get reconciled. As we grew older, Annt Jane reasoned with as, saying bow very wrong it was to rive wav to annemtition and fears, especially when tha fears were groundless. To this day the sensation remains with ns. Thus the yesrs went on. One afternoon, as we were all gathered together for afternoon tea a message was brought to Annt Jane, that a workman, then employed on the premises, wished to speak with her. Annt Jane still Stayed with us, notwithstanding my being now old enough to take my mother's place, as far as the honsekeep- ing was concerned. The man was en gaged cleaning out a cistern at the extreme top of the honse. ' What does he want with met' asked Annt Jane, bnt the servant did not know. So Annt Jane went ont to him. On her return, she held a very long, thin, and dirfy-lookiag chain In her hand, which the workman had discovered in the cistern, it having, he said, in some extraordinary way, become wedged into s crack at one side, from which place he bad extricated it Annt Jane rewarded the man for his honesty in bringing the chain to her; thongh whose it conld possibly be, and how it got there, was an utter mystery. She thought the' chain was gold. Mr two brothers, both at the tea- table, pronounced the chain to be brass, end expressed their delight that Annt Jane had been for once taken in, and bad given fire shillings for a worthless article. She strove to Impress npon them that she had not given the man five shillings for the chain, which was < none of his, bnt for his straightforward honesty. Upon taking the chain to a jeweller's to be cleaned, we learned that it was a very fine Indian chain, of pore gold, and of the most delicate handicraft ; which only served to Increase the mystery of how it got into the place where it was found, and how long ft had lain there, hidden from the light of day. When, a few days later, it was re turned to us from the jeweller, glittering and clean, it was prosed from one to another in wondering admiration, and shown to my father, who, nntll then, had only heard of its discovery and had fpreatfy pooh-poohed the idea of the chain being of any value, 'Found In the rietern at the top of the honse V he exclaimed, as we turned the beaqtifnl thing about in onr hands. ' Tide is most extraordinary 1' 'I always said this was an uncanny honse,' cried Ethel, the second of us, epeaking npon impulse. ' All those un- explainsble sounds of little footsteps for ever pattering up and down that stone 8talrcroe, nd toe curious feeling we have -all had since we were Uttie mites, of shrinking from that front bedroom ! It would not surprise tne If -a ghost were to " torn up nrift.' . 'Uon't telk nonsenas,' «toked my father. Weshallsbt'lreep a ruasantin , the piece if you begin to talk like that.' ' Well, at any rate,' went on tbe una bashed Ethel, ' how on earth did a fine, long, Indian chain, each as this, find its way into tbe top cistern V 4 That is the etrange part of it,' said my brother Jack, who was minutely examining the chain. ' It is of value, this chain. What is to be done with it 1' ' 1 shall wear it,' struck io Lily, the youngest of ns, and, consequently, tbe most indulge A Fve just got a watch given to me, yon know, and m I want a chain to wear with it, Fit take this one. If any owner claims it later, I can give it np to him.' 'The question is, to whom does it oeiongi criea «jaca. me man tnongnt it had had been in the crack of that cistern for years.' AnDt Jane, struck by a thought, laid dowD ber knitting — she was always knitting — and turned to my father, to speak. ' I shonld think it must have be longed to those people who lived in the honse before yon had it. The chain is an Indian chain ; and they were said, were they not, to have come from India.' ' Yes, I believe eo,' be replied, ' if my memory serves me correctly.' ' What did yon hear abont them f '' Not much,' he answered. 'They had taken a lone lease of the honse. and had been in it about three yeara, when their little girl died suddenly. After that, they gave np the lease, and I took it.' How did she die 1 What of V asked Annt Jane. I do not know. It was said that the circumstances attending the death were painful, and that the parents were so cut up at tbe loss they could not stay in the place. Their grief would natnrally be great, she having been an only child. I think they went abroad,' added he. ' Anyway, that is all I recollect to have heard of them.' Aunt Jane took np her knitting again. Sbe thought the chain must have be longed to those people : and she won dered what it was that had caused the death of the little girL Lily was allowed to take the chain into wear; and onr busy conjectures respecting it and its mysterious discovery gradually died away. Shortly after wards, a cousin of ours, from the country, took np his abode with ns for a time, for the purpose of studying medicine, being intended for the medical profession. He was a jolly yonng Englishman, not mach more than a lad, with an excellent appe tite, and no imagination at alL As to any superstitions tale, had he been told one, he wonld have langhed it to pieces. When a certain shyness, attendant on his first arrival, had worn off Charley became a great addition to our circle, and his proverbial good temper soon made him a general favourite. One bright spring morning, however, he appeared at breakfast in a different mood. After sitting some time in grumpy silence, he, to onr amazement, barst oat with a vehement attack on practical jokes. What absurd folly such jokes were, he said, as if he conld ever he taken in by them 1 ' So mind, Lena,' he went on, pouncing suddenly ronnd on me, ' don't yon try it on again. Yon know how I hate young kids of children !' I asked him what he meant. The rest of them, sitting round, gazed at him, wondering what had come to good- humoured Charley. ' Because you may happen to have a child staying in the house, it's no reason why yon girls should send it into my room in the night, just to play a trick on me.' We assured him we had done nothing of the kind. 'You most have done so,' said Charley. 'Dressed it np in white, with its golden hair ronnd its face. Whose child ie it 1 One comfort, it mnet have caught a jolly cold, standing all that time looking at itself in the glass !' ' My dear Charley !' exclaimed L ' what on earth are yon talking abont 1 There's no child staying here.' .' Ob, isn't there !' grumbled he ; ' and yob -didn't send her into my room, thinking to startle me V ' A little girl, you say T — humouring him. ' A little girl about four years old, all in white, with lots Of golden hair,' he repeated. 'As If yon wanted to be told!' 'Charley, believe me : there's no little girl.staying in the house ; nor was one sent into your room.' ' I dare say not 1 Why, Lena, I lay awake fall half an hour, watching her. She stood by' the dressing-table, looking at something in ber hand.' ' Did yon see her come in T I asked. I conld not understand this at alL Charley wis in -desperate -earnest. ' No, I didn't,' he answered. What roused me suddenly, I don't know ; something did, and I rot .up to look at my watch. It was jnst five o'clock ; light enough for me to see everything in the room distinctly ; and my eyes at once Jell upon the child standing et the dresslhe- table.' \- ' Charley, yon most have had a dream — or a nightmare.' 'X wish you'd not talk nonsense,' he angrily returned. 'I was as wideawake as I sm uow. Don't l tell you T watched the child for half an hour. When I got tired of sitting up in bed, I lay down and watched her. " She was still there when I fell asleep. Did yon speak to her 1' Not IF cried Charley. Td not give you girls the satisfaction yon were no donbt all lis taring for, outside. ' If you weren't there yourselves, yon had posted old nnrse there, I know.' Nothing' more was said then, for Charley had to hasten away to his drily work at the hospital. In fact, we got no mors out of him on the subject at all. Onr snggestioiy that it was a dream, he : would not listen to ; and it took the wnoie nonsenoia several nays to convince him, or, pethaps, try to, that no child was or hid been in the house. Chadey bedroom was the uncanny room 'on the first landing, bnt we had never told 1dm onr dread of it Not only that it wonld have been wrong to do so, but that we had grown a Uttie ashamed of the feeling which yet we roridnot conquer. \- It was, I tJdnkV-aiioat s year after- wards — tuid we had forgotten the occur rence — that1 the fifldre was seen sgain. One evening, when Lily and I, having lingered a Uttie behind the others in saying good -right, were preparing to mount to onr -particnlar neat at the top of tint house, 19frel:;called ine iafe her little tooB| ffBjbg sb» wanted to speak to aw. It was' heoJ to' the one Charles I had slept in, and faced my brother's room at the other end of the lung, straight landing. The gas was burning brightly on the staircase. Jack's door stood half-open, showing that bis gas was also fully on. I went into Ethel's room, Lily waiting for me outside ; but a minute bad hardly elapsed ere she called out quickly, in a low. sharp voice : ' Come here, Lena ; make haste 1' I was reading a letter Ethel bad jnst put into my hand, so I answered ehortly : ' To a minute >' ' Make haste !' she cried again. ' Be quick f I ran ont rather impatiently, to find Lily gazing hard at Jack's door, with a strange nxea iook in ner eyes. ' I have jnst seen the little girl Charles saw,' she said, solemnly. 'She was looking straight at me, dressed all in white, and Bhe had such lovely golden hair ! When you came, she vanished.' Nothing was to be seen then. We looked aronnd, no one stirring. Ethel had joined us. 'Lily,' spoke Ethel, presently, 'per haps ehe was looking at the gold chain : yon have it on.' The chain was quite conspicuous out side Lily's dress. Sbe repeated again that the little girl had stood gazing at her. Charles we remembered, had said afae did nnt InnV at him. but was all the time iookiDg apparently at something in her band, Lily had not felt any fear. The golden hair, she declared, was per fectly beautiful. ' This is really very strange,' exclaimed Aunt Jane; who, bearing our voices, bad appeared on the scene to know what the talking was abont. 'Are you qnite snre, Lily, of what yon say V 1 Of coarse I am sore,' returned Lily, who never could bear to be doubted, and was very matter-of-fact and truthfai. ' The little girl stood there gazing at me, annt. She was as plainly to be seen as we are to one another.' ' We were wondering, annt, whether she could be looking at the chain which Lily has on,' roid Ethel. ' Perhaps she recognised it 1 Yon know, when the chain was found, we thought it might possibly have belonged to tbe people who were in the bonse before ns.' Which, of course, as Annt Jane observed, waa as much aa to snggest that this little girl with the mass of golden bsir might be the apparition of the child who had died in the honse. We talked of it as the days went on, snggesting ail kinds of possibilities and impossibilities. As she had never appeared nntil after the discovery of the chain, we conld but thiuk the chain might in some way or other be connected with her, aod that, if the chain had, indeed, belonged to the brat occupiers ot the house, the spirit might well be that of the child who had died there. Aoother questiou we asked ourselves was : Could the chain, or its loss, have had anght to do with ber death f The story spread, and people came to eee the room aod passage where tile little figure hart appeared ; bnt it was some time before it was seen again. Lily waa married. Sbe had left home and taken the chain with her. Ethel was climbing slowly np the stone staircase one 'Snnday evening between seven and eight o'clock, when sbe saw the little white figure; crowned with its mass of golden carls, peepiog through the bannisters on the first land ing, within three yards of her. It was a cold winter evening, and the gas was burning aa usual on tbe staircase. The passages were always kept bright. Ethel paused, and tbe little figure turned its head towards her, and then vanished . It was almost as though she had been looking out for someone; bnt not Ethel. Ethel, like Lily, felt no fear or surprise at the time. She noticed particularly the gloriously bright golden hair. This last appearance was seen a few mouths back, and it haa revived all our curiosity, wonder and interest Whether we shall ever learn the trnth concerning the little dead maiden, and whether the gold chain is in anyway connected with her mysterious visits, must remain for the present a mystery. 