THE DAY OF REST. THE EVIDENCES OF RELIGION^ [From a sermon delivered at Melbourne by the Bet. Dr. Bevan.] Hebrews!.1-2.-"God, who at sundry timea and in divers manners spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days fapoken unto us by Bis Son." (Concluded.) THE CONTENTS OF THE BIBLE. And what . shall we say if we proceed farther to Investigate the contents of this- Bible I What is the affirmed Bevelation of this so-called Word of God ? If it has come from Him ft will bear the marks of its author. Everything that Be has made manifests divinity, la there the divine in the Bible? Bead it, and tell me. Why, it Is the story of human life. Here are the first records of our race, the lispings of infant humanity. Bald, and simple, and puerile, you say. Say them better.. Tell the story of creation in language that will suit all ages; for, remember, this purports to be a. revelation for all time. Tell it wich the object not of teaching science or furnishing cosmogony, but of making men recognise God In nature,, their Creator,, tbeir Provider, their Lord. Fetch up all other stories of all the other religions, and the sciences if yon please-and then compare. Compare did I say ?-contrast I mean. Bead them to the children; to the common people; read them to the learned;, read them in the hours when curious interest possesses you; or those darker times, when aoirow end despair fill your soul-and then tell me which is. the supreme, the universal record, which remains companion and guide for the last researches of knowledge, which gleams with the light of reason, which slows with the warmth of a Btrong and un dying faith. Then add to this the moral and the spiritual lessens which the book contains. Constantly true to the age to which it belongs, faithful delineator of the men and the condition wnose story it tells can we not ever catch in it a higher law, a nobler ideal T Is there not the figure of One who is walking with man, unseen often, often unrecognised, but always present in that Bevelation which the Bible gives uv who leads man on, never leaving him, never catting, him away* but gently guiding, compelling, winning him to the way that leads to light and heaven? And what of the style in which all this is told 'i The language is historic, natural, true to the people, the age. But is not ic ever beyond its people and age? It never sinks to the moral level of tue men who speak it. It enlarges to the vast ness of the thought which it contains, its sublimity iB often the highest altitude attained by the tongue of man. Surely, if God has spoken, His speech is in the Holy Book. But all of cnese consideration*, and many others which might be urged, are of small account compared to the lact of the sublime personality which Is the subject of the Bible from beginning to end. The earlier pages of the book contain a promise that there shall some to menfe Being who, while of human race, shall yet be separate from the race, and attain a victory where all the rest shall suffer defeat. From that point there runs an unbroken expectation, and a record of a continued prepara tion for that coming one. Bvery teacher expects that a greater teacher will appear. Bvery king is to be a witness to the coming monarch, the true witness to God which alone is kingship. Every woman longs to be the mother of this Son. _ All the poets weary for His presence. The predictions, the yearningB, the types, the foreshadowings grow thick, and universal as the action of this Book Eroceeds, and at last He appears-a simple min, te is of sorrows, and conflict, and death. He teaches and lives. He makes men wise and whole and good. He moves among them a brother and yet a God. He gathers a company and leaves behind a faith, a life, a hope. J Ime of His vesture, eternity His domain. All events move from and to Him His cradle Is the world's song: His cross the world's altar; Bis grave tbe world's centre; His throne the judgment, the salvation of the universe. Now, it is this presumably, which Is the burden of tbe Bible. If the book be a miracle-the Christ whom it reveals is in like way a miracle. Explain Jesus if you can. Wnd the terms of His nature and character in the factors of the life, the races, the age among whom He appeared. Tou cannot. You have tried, and every time you try yon fall. Your wisest, most learned, meet eloquent men have tried, and failed, and He who remains at once tbe problem and tbe solution of human thought is tbe subject of that Bible, is the approved Bevelation of God, and proves by the evidence of Himself that ? indeed God has spoken, and that none bat God cou d hare produced alike the living and the written void. This 1b, then, what we add to the tatboifc consent of Christendom. The sublime and superhuman quality of the Bible itself is surely its own evidence that it is the Word of God. But there is still another class of evidence to which we must refer in order to complete our examination. It is -that upon which some have exclusively insisted. It lies at the antipodes of the doctrine of Church authority. It is that witness of the Spirit of God -within the soul of man to the Divine truth of the Bible when that truth is accepted, Its precepts are obeyed, and its promises receive our trust. The mystics in all ages have insisted upon this. God's revelation is that which each man perceives for himself. There is no proof outside of tne spirit of the believer. This is the last triumph of rationalism glorified with a false radiance that mimics the light of heaven. If we leave the authority of revelation to depend upon this alone, we become the prey of the fanatic or the enthusiast, and finally of the sceptic and the atheist. THE TESTS. But that this doctrine, chastened and limited by the other tides of the truth to which we have re* feried, has its place in the complete range of evi dence of Revelation is clearly certain. That power to recognise the divine In the universe, towards which the human spirit yearns, which we affirm is the basis of religion, is also the subjective ground upon which man can stand and test the revelation made to him. We may be sure that if light is made for the eye and sound for the ear, or, if you please, the eye and the ear are made for the light aud the sound, we may be afco sure that the spiritual powers -will recognise by the harmony which subsists between them and their objects that which God 'tias given them in the revelation of Himself. And remember the test must be made by these . soiritual faculties in their highest excellence. That tbe sow in the mire shall turn from the jewel aud grub up with satisfaction some coarse root is 110 ,proof that man is not bound to cultivate his facul» ties of tbe beautiful and rejoice at tbe skill which shapes tbe gem that it may gleam in the beauty of . the decorative place. I deny your right then, unless .your spiritual faculties are kindled aud cultivated, to pronounce upon these questions of Revelation by the voice of your instincts, your reason, your . sympathies, your discordant repulsion. I appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober. I appeal from 'the immoral and indecorous, the trifling and the proud, Ah t I would take even you in your better moods, when broken by sorrow, aud your heart is .made tender by its tears, at the bedside of your stricken wife, at the grave of your burled child; in some bouts when patriotism or the love of your fellows has stirred your soul ; or, perchance, in tbe silent darkness of the midnight when the garish day has been shut down by the shadows, and strange and mysterious hands are drawn over the chords of your heart, and strains of weird and awful music ere awakened, that seem like cchoes of voices from the infinite unseen, then would I take the testi mony of your nature to the Word of God, and ask whether you would not affirm its words to be from . that Eternal Being who surrounds you, and of whom . you are, and from whose depth you have come. Or, shall I not be justified in accepting the evidence that tbis is Revelation when it has been tried-when .you, putting your band upon it, take its teaching, rest upon its words, and then in the blessed peace of your soul- conscience at rest, and heart over* joyed, mind Illumined, aud spirit all*expectant of the glories and tbe blessedness that are to be? Yes, and tbe truth proved in the lowly ways of life and in the common service, life nobly lived, labour . changed to honour, and sorrows borne as if they were tbe crowns of conquerors. If I say all this has ? come to pass for you, and for all who have believed, .who will tell me that I have not an evidence here which cannot be gainsaid, an evidence which the . critic's sword can no more cut than you can cut the sunbeams with a knife, which, rather, because it is .light, dispels all darkness, and drives the shadows -to eternal nothingness? Believe and know. Beason's last victory is In the armour of faith. TBE GBOUNDS OF OUR FAITH. Thus, brethren, has opened before us a brief glimpse Into the field of evidence of Bevelation. ' The tbree grounds to which we refer our faith are -catholic consent, critical conclusions, and personal faith. The great historical Churches have disfigured and corrupted tbe first; the Puritan Churches htve .degraded tbe latter, and made their claims for Scripture narrow and impossible; fanaticism has seized the third, and changed .it into a laughing* . stock for levity, a sadness for the thoughtful andsober ?-believer. I plead for a large and catholic accep* . tance of the three grounds of evidence. How it will bxing us into sympathy with the Christian faith of all the ages! We long for a united Christendom. Let us at least look in one way, even if as yet we cannot march together in one company. The free and generous acceptance of these prin ciples will moreover give welcome to all the advances of a true and liberal criticism. Learning can do nothing against the Word of God, if by that word you wiU undet stand no mere shibboleth of .your owo,no narrow literalism ot a shortsighted orthodoxy. Even the so-called higher criticism can only bring in fresh laurels for the victorious ''truth, and win new fields of certitude for the Book of God. And then how will the universal doctrines of Christendom and the last discoveries of the schools become strong and overwhelming in the applied faith of tbe true believer. What, after all, are the most splendid expressions of a common Christianity in gorgeous ceremonial, or stately and well-ordered symbol, or the clear and convincing conclusions of a diligent and generous learning, compared to the Christly life? Those you must leave to ecclesiastic and scholar, and you, it may be, are neither of these. But there is for you. for all of you-the old man, the child, the merchant, the \- seamstress, the preacher, the artisan-the high road which is God's high road, the home which can be Christ's home, the workshop which may be Illuminated like the temple of the Holy Ghost. There you may illustrate the virtues, and show the graces, the spread, the power of this gospel, this revelation, this Book. These await you^brethren, and it is for tbese t?od gives His help, His spirit. It is these that lead to the glories and the rewards . of that eternal life which is with and through ? Jesus Christ our Lord. 