The educational Report. Daring the late general election the candidates had a good deal to say about our educational system, and diverse were the means proposed for diminishing its cost and amending its defects, a number of political aspirants advocating the reduction of the educational standard and the subsidising of private schools—the effect of which proposals, if carried out, would be to slightly diminish expenditure on the ons hand and fo vastly increase it on the other—a very Irish sort of economy. The now happily defunct Ministry, however, declared, through the Governor's opening speech to Parliament, that they intended to amend the Education Act, though with that characteristic vagueness which marked their policy generally, they refrained from indicating the direction of the proposed amendments. But what the opening speech abstained from mentioning, has now been made public; the customary deluge of reports" which follows the opening of Parliament has taken place, and amid the reams of spoiled paper which the Government Printing Office is now issuing is the Educational Report for 1886\. From this it would appear that Dr Cockburn, the late Minister of Education, was not very deeply impressed by the verdict of the last Parliament, which, while approving of the principle of free education, regretfully decided that in the then state of the colony's finances (they are in worse case now) it could not afford the loss of revenue which would result from the abolition of fees, and thai they must be retained until times improved. As a matter of fact the English law courts some time ago decided that where attendance at school was compulsory, school fees were not recoverable by law ; but that phase of the question has not come up in Australia yet, and it is only natural to suppose that South Australia will keep to the old hybrid system of free education on a pauper basis, payment of fees partly to the State and partly to the teachers, and arbitrary distinctions between "public" and "provisional" schools, for some time longer. It only remains for legislative wisdom to still further complicate the system by adopting Dr Cockburn's suggestion, and authorising the subsidisation of private and denominational schools on result examinations. This will have have the happy effect of decreasing the attendance at the Government schools, while making them proportionately more expensive, and at the same time increasing expenditure to the amount of the subsidies. Dr Cockburn has also taken a leaf from the obsolete Victorian " Common schools Act," and proposes that school buildings should be vested in local trustees, who should keep them in repair—presuma51 out Qf a percentage deducted from . "V , * , ° V , J ? A that ul new buildings should beerected by public subscriptions Wl t h a pro rata subsidy from the Governmcnt. He also advises that Boards of Advice should be made elective— though why they were ever made anything else is one of those South Australian conundrums which nobody has yet been able to answer. The late Minister of Education also approves of technical education in connection with State schools, and adverts to the fact that Parliament last year voted £"500 for the establishment ol a school workshop—in the City of course—but that, as nobody seemed to know how to set about the business, the whole affair was referred to that never-failing resort of an incapable Ministry—a Board of Inquiry to report to Parliament. It appears also that the political Doctor has high views of the " ethical standard of the masses," and is inclined to introduce religion into the state education curriculum. He remarks that "a little mutual concession would result in the clearance of a working platform common to all creedsbut die remark does not reflect much credit on his sagacity, and the suggestion is, moreover, ridiculous when taken in conjunction with his proposal to subsidise denominational schools. As to the working of the department, the Inspector-General comes to the front with a deience of the new standards of examination which he introduced, and while admitting that the percentage of passes has been reduced thereby, stoutly maintains that the new system will "eventually" render the work of both teachers and scholars lighter, and result in more permanent benefit to the latter. The Senior Inspector, Mr Dewhirst, thinks quite otherwise, and does not hesitate to say so, for though he does not claim to be a seer, he confesses that the " eventuality" is quite beyond his ken, and that in the present at all events, the new system is a heavy drag on the teachers and a discouragement to the children. As to reducingthe educationalcurriculum the Inspector-General maintains that it would cost quite as much to teach the "three R's" alone, as with the " two G's" added ; and in this he is quite right,though it does not follow from that that the present curriculum is not too expansive. As to the proposal to abolish Fifth Classes (equivalent to the Victorian State School Sixth), the Inspector-General pleads that there are only 800 Fifth Class pupils in the colony, that if they were charged 6d. a week extra for tuition the revenue would only be increased slightly, and that if the Fifth Class were abolished, all that could be saved would be the salaries of twelve pupil teachers and tw assistants—,£650 per annum. He further urges that the South Australian educational system costs less per child than that of Victoria, Queensland, or New South Wales. A system may, however, be cheap in one sense and dear in another—because less effective, and in comparing the Victorian system with that of South Australia, it must be remembered that there are no halfstarved " provisional" teachers in the sister colony, and that wherever 15 or 20 children are gathered together in any Victorian district, they get as competent and well paid a teacher, and as thorough an educational equipment as if they attended the Melbourne Model School. Statistically the report is full of information, though the financial part of it might be much more clearly and intelligibly set forth—in fact it would almost seem as if the tables had been arranged with a view of making a general analysis as difficult as possible. We present our readers, however, with the following facts culled from the report. At the end of 1886, there were 240 public and 264 provisional schools open in the colony 3 44,405 children were returned as " under instruction"; the average attendance was 28,000 ; the number who attended school to the extent required by law was 21,000, and 11,204 received instruction under free certificates. The number of teachers employed (including 435 pupil teachers, monitors, and sewing mistresses) was 1,081,of whom 666 were females. The expenditure on school buildings,from the passing of the Education Act up to the end of 1886, was £432,000—of which all but .£53,000 has been provided out ol loans ; and the expenditure on buildings in 1886 was .£13,344. The amounts paid by parents in fees was ^23>73 6 i°f w hich^i4,8o9wasretained by the teachers, and .£8,927 was paid over to the Education Department, which also received £"13,014 in rents from 304,168 acres of Crown Lands dedicated to educational purposes and leased at an average of ioj^d. an acre. The total cost of the system is set down at £^104,149 (exclusive of buildings, &c.; which cost £"13,344 more), and the net cost at ^78,909; but how a s 6 N Q T t b the latter is arrived at is difficult to find out—for though the sum of £"25,239 is set down as " revenue from rents, fees, and sundries," the rents amounted to ,£13,014 and the fees to £^23,736—which would give a revenue of £36,750—exclusive of "sundries," which we presume means, books, school materials, &c.; sold. We are consequently driven to the conclusion that the " total cost," does not include the .£14,000 and odd of tees paid by parents to teachers, and hence the real cost of our education system totals as follows :—Paid by the State for education, £"104,149; money spent out of loan and revenue on buildings, £ i 3J344 ; fees paid by parents to teachers, £14,809—£^32,302. The cost per child is stated at £3 4s. otfd. per head on average attendance, and £2 os. 4}4d. per head under instruction ; but whether this computation is on the assumed, or the actual, " total cost," is a question which would take considerable arithmetical calculation to IJirouNDiNGS.—Section 867, near Stirling North—One bay gelding, two hind feet white, off bind foot a little deformed, star in forehead, scar on off fore leg, if branded not visible ; one red bull, blotch brand near rump. If not claimed, will be sold June 20. MR TENNANT'S CANDIDATURE.—An advertisement elsewhere notifies that Mr Andrew Tennant, late M.P. for Flinders, and now a candidate for the Council vacancy in the Northern District, will address the electors at Quorn on Thursday nexl, June 16 ; at the Institute Hall, Port Augusta on Friday, June 17; and at Hawker on Saturday 18th inst. JUBILEE RAILWAY FARES.—An advertisement in another column notifies that the special concessions made by the Traffic department with regard to excursion fares for country visitors to the Jubilee Exhibition, commenced yesterday. The terms are, briefly, return ticket to Adelaide only available for two months at 6ingle fare; no break of journey allowed. Yesterday the Northern line express ran for the first time also, and for the next month or two travellers to town will have the satisfaction of arriving in Adehide by 8.8 p.m. The express makes no difference in the trip from town to Port Augusta, except that it necessitates an earlier start by 20 minutes and a 56 minutes delay at Terowie. _ THE NEW MINISTRY.—On Friday evening about 6 o'clock the Mayor received a telegram from the Hon. Thomas Playford, M P. for Newcastle, announcing tbat he had formed his Cabinet, and that it waB composed as follows:—Premifer and Treasurer, T. Playford ; Chief Secretary, J- G. Ramsay • Attorney-General, C. C. Kingston ; Commissioner of Public Works, A. Catt; Commissioner of Crown Lands, J. Coles ; Minister of Education, j. C. F. Johnson. The Ministry -were sworn in on Saturday morning, and meet the House this afternoon, when the Premier will, probably ask fyr a week's adjournment. All the new Ministers, except Mr Johnson, have held office before, Messrs Coles and Kingston as colleagues of the Premier, and Messrs Ramsay and Catt as members of a Ministry which Mr Playford assisted to eject from office. CONCERT.—The third of the series of sixpenny concerts organised by Mr Turner in aid of St. Augustus Church took place in the Church of England schoolroom on Friday evening, but was not nearly so well patronised as its predecessors. Two overtures were creditably played by an orchestra composed as follows :—Mr T. Stevens first and Mr E. Smith second violin, Mr C. B. Southcombe flute, Mr W. Stevens cornet, Mr H Stevens donble bass, and Mrs Murphy, piano. Mrs Mack ay's two Bongs, " Waiting" and " See yon Rose" were well received. Dr Astles obtained and responded to an encore for " A Free Lance am I," and with Mrs Astles gave a duet which was wellreceived. Mr Turner sang "The Maid of the Mill," and Mr. Dewhirst's "Three Jolly Sailor Boys" was warmly applauded. The duet "Flow Gently, Deva" was nicely rendered by the two last named gentlemen, and Mr R. Morgan receited' Bret Harte's " Heathen Chinee" and '* Australian Emu." Mrs Murphy officiated as piano accompaniste to the singers. B.C. CHURCH, QUORN.—A Quorn correspondent sends the following :—The anniversary of the Bible Christian Church here was celebrated on Sunday and Wednesday, June 5th. and 8th. The preacher on the Sunday was the Bev. J. Hancock, of Port Augusta, who addressed three large and appreciative congregation in the Assembly Hall. The tea on Wednesday o was held in the store of the Milling Company, kindly placed at the disposal of the trustees, and was largely attended. Mr W. C. Barton presided over a full audience in the Assembly Hall in the evening, when an addresB on "Modern Christian Progress" was delivered by Bev. T. E. Thomas, M.A. (Wesleyan), and the Bev. J. Hancock spoke on " Public Worship in relation to the Christian life." Various church reports were presented by the paBtor, Rev. C. Martin. Much of the attractiveness of the various meetings was due to the choir, under the leadership of Mr J. B. Triggs, supported by Mrs Martin as organist. The proceeds of the anniversary will enable the Quorn Church to materially reduce its present debt, and the hearty thanks of the Church were well deserved by and accorded to all who assisted in making the anniversary such a success. THE "SKETCHES*"—The June number of the Australasian Sketcher is of a more than usually interesting character, both as regards illustrations and letter press. The portraits comprise photographs of Mr E. T. Smith, M.P., Mayor of Adelaide ; of the Chinese Imperial Commissioners, Wong Yung Ho and U. Ttsing; of the principal witnesses, the Coroner, and counsel, in the Windsor railway accident inquiry ; and of Cubadgee, Mr Lindsay's now famous black boy. The Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition is honored by an interior sketch, and a full page illustration is devoted to the Sturt Gorge, near Adelaide. We note that the fame of the " Yanyarrie Ghost" has spread even unto Melbourne, for our Carrieton correspondent's oxpose of the affair is reprinted. New Zealand is the only colony except South Australia which is pictorially represented, the frontispiece depicting an artist in approved tourist suit, with " masher" collar, eyeglass, and portentous moustache complete, engaged in sketching, while a picturesquely attired Maori family look on in dubious astonishment. Sketches are alse given of favourite bathing places in the hot springs district of the North Island, where the Maori maidens, chastely attired in their hair, take their warm " dips" alfresco before the shocked—or admiring—tourist. ADELAIDE STOCK SALES.—Elder's Wool nd Produce Co. report of last week's tock market as follows :—Fat cattle. 18 yarded, 553 sold ; 327 from the Far orth, 218 Queenslanders, 33 local. uality generally good, but few prime. here was a good attendance, both of own and country buyers, biddings were risker than last week, and prices show a t t w r a little alteration. Best beef eold up to 20s. per lOOlbs. Best bullocks, £8 to £9 ; good, £7 to £7 10s.; medium, £5 to £5 10s.; best cows, £5 10s. to £6 ; seconds, from £5. We sold 178 cattle in Adelaide, at quotations; and at Wallaroo, on the 3rd inst., 103 cattle at satisfactory prices. Fat sheep.—9,500 yarded, including about 1,500 Btores, remainder good to prime quality. The number in being above trade requirements, sales were dull and prices for all except prime were slightly easier. Best merino wethera to 14s.; good, 12s. to 13a.; seconds, Us. to lis.; stores, from 7s ; prime merino ewes, 9s. to 10s.; good, 7s. to 8s.; prime cross-bred wethers, to 20s.; very good, 17s. to 18s.; others, from 13a. We sold 1,730 sheep at quotations. Lambs.—Only 70 yarded, and these were easily disposed of at high prices. Prime lambs, to 12s. 6d.; good to 10s. Calves. —64 penned, very few of good quality. All Borts Bold readily, prime especially realising high rates. THE LATE MB A. P. SCOTT.—Yesterday great regret and considerable surprise were felt when it was known that Mr Abraham Pynsent Scott, late of the firm of Davey, Farrar and Scott, was dead. It was of course known that Mr Scott had been ill for some time, being affected by the malarial fever which has this season beenBO prevalent in Port Augusta and its environs ; but nothing serious was generally apprehended from such a cause to a young and hale man. Mr Scott was laid up alto- gether about a month,and was almost convalescent when he prematurely exposed himself to the exceedingly changeable weather of last week and caught cold, congestion of the lungs following, which, in bis weak state, proved fatal. The deceased gentleman was only 29 years of age, and had been married little more than a year. He was the son of Mr T. P. Scott, of Mitcham, and a nephew of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.L.C. He was very well known and liked in the North, having come to Port Augusta first about 9 years ago as a clerk in the office of Gooch and Scott; he subsequently left the town, but returned about three years ago and managed the local auctioneering and agency business of Davey, Farrar & Scott. He was returned unopposed as Town Councillor for First Ward in December 1885, and retained his seat in the Councii till July, 1886, when, having removed to Adelaide, he resigned. Since hiB reimrn to Port Augusta a few months back, Mr Scott was appointed a member of the Hospital Board. Great regret is felt and expressed at the sudden and early death of so young, widely known, and respected a citizen, and much sympathy lor his widow. The funeral takes place tomorrow, the place of interment being the; Port Augusta Cemetery. 