Australian Tales and ' Adventures. No. 15. A {STRANGE STORY, By R. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relate is a strange one. Ia it true? I do not lmow. Jud^d from the Btand point o£ every day experience, I should say: that it ia Impossible that itoould have! happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable ns it Bocnia andis to. me, 1 cannot but believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of tbope things which oannot be explained, and whion will not be explained away. We live our visiblo life, aB it were,: passing over a narrow bridgo lying between two im measurable gulfs, that behind us being the irrevocable past, and that before, the in-; ecrucable futuro. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything or nothing, tangiblo or intangible, soience tellB us nothing about. Do, then, tho disembodied spirits of the dead ever return to earth. Let my Btory tell what I think, and cannot but believe. ; 1 Many, very many years ago, when I was a young man, little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune in this fair land of AuBtralia, I had made up my mind to becomo what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you"there were two of us, myself Bnd my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. He was of about the same age as my self, and I was deeply attaohed to him, as he was to me. We had beon at school and col lege together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well edu cated, and therefore not likely to bo imbued with the superstition and fanoiful credulity that so often go hand in hand with ignor ance. As I have said, we were deeply attaohed to eaoh other, a case of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and PyladeB, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. ' I We had oome out in the Bamo ship, and had vowed, never to separato, but to stiok together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wfilcl life of the cattle kings, of the boundless'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Gross, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, somo'day, should become, as they wero, lords of the soil. But to become squatters, it was nccessary for us to. know...something.about squatting. We wero fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction,. and aetingoh the advice of a gentleman who had known Jim's father, wo determined, beforo venturing into a business ol which we knew; nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experienced Sheep we' would have nothing to do with. Tho life on a shoep run did not suit our ideas,- It was too-tame a kind of thing for us. It laoked the spice of romanoe attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of tlie headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down atony defiles and steep gullies, tho camping out ber neath tho giant gum trees in the solemnbush, the cracking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, tho blue shirts, tho breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable—on paper. Therefore, on a.oattlo station would we go. There was no great,difficulty in tho matter.;, There were plenty of squattorB who would willingly take us on their runs, and " break us in"—for a consideration, of course.. One of these offers wo acoepted. It was'on the station of a gentleman named Maogregor, <a canny old Scotchman, which was situated on the upper part of tlta Goulburn river in Vic toria, and whioh' embraced some seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, •, carrying about eight thousand five hundred; head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we suooeedod,admirably. We were bothtolor ably good horsemen'to begin with, and as old Maogregor was a rigid and exaot man, who would havo his work done thoroughly well, and as we were anxious to learn, we, erelong, were turned out really good bushmep. So muoh so that after wo had been with tho old gentleman a littlo over two years, he pro posed to us that weBhohld take the sole oharge 'of the station during a visit whioh he proposed to take to tho old country. Nothing oould havo suited ub better.. Young, ardent, our own masters, with work that we j. took a delight in, we jumped at the.offer, and ere another month',.he had departed on his home'trip,sand' we were installed^'th'elarge comfortablo houso of our employer, practi cally j' bosses," oftho situation, and oertainly, monarohs of all we surveyed, for tho nearest houso was Carfrae'o, over tho ranges some twenty miles away. Ourhoii'ao.' as Wo considered it," was 'a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round threo sides; ■ e'jstand on tho orown of a Hwellihg.iilowh/.tbat'furnitd tho home paddock, and that' sloped away Diet; a small orcek that formed one of tin nflliionts of the Goulburn, to the foot of'iv range of hills' about five miles away, and t.hofc bhut in iho view to.tho lxotth. Through..this range,.and oxactly opposite tho house, wan h dip or gcirgo, known locally as '! Maogrrgor't) ({ip," and bo-% jifygUhe [Solo means of conirrfunioation': that?1 ' existed between our peaceful* vii!li;y and the feverish world whose heart throbbed bo fiercely 'outside.') ' '} i J*. ■ Most of tho house was cloned, for thero wero lar^nioro.rooms than ! two,.bachelor's could poBsibly hso. We eaoli had a bedroom, entered 'from"the' front verandah, 'arid1 our ontiirhon ; Bitting and dining room lay'between tho.two,' and;;was as well our .ofilae,' smoking-room, library, and musio-room, for Mr. Maogregor had a good Beleotion of books, and. a. splen did pianoforte and harp for tlie uso of his two daughters, who had acoompanied him home.'!,, , :iV;" vY V'VTf Our,household consisted 8alely;of :;out. two selves, Alee. Payno, the head stookman, who slept oyor the stables, an ugly and hot temperdd old Sootobwoman named Meg, who .cooked and did for us generally, who lived Bomowhora in unknown parts at thlo baok of the houso, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the " Maister," and tyrannised over us accordingly, and a singularly handsome polley slut named Ply, who Iooated in spots, indifferently in mino or Jim'i^bedroom, at hlif own sweet will and sovereign'pleasure.1 ■' > ^ The station hands had thoir huts at con siderable distances, and-we rarely saw any of them, except when they'oame to,the houso for rations, or on other business. Haloyon days, indeed, wero thoso we passed in the soft, Rweet Australian spring, Piohing . in the Goulburn, shooting in tbo hills, lmnga *ooing on tho flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who oould have been happier than Jack Alleyne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, tho managers • and residents pf tbo Gap Station,, .. •, „ " But'our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. Tho blaoka took to spearing our oattle. Why they did it wo oould not tell, for wo had always treated tho few who had shown .up on the run with tho utmost. kindness. Where they aamo from we oould not conjec ture, for th'ero.were praotioally none belong ! ing to our immediate neighbourhood. None, ■ in'" faot, of any aooount, liearet than' the Warrigal tribes of Glppslaud. Thoy worojferooious add migohievoUB enough we knew, but we oould not imagine that they would leave their native haunte bo far away the Fouthward, and cross the all but inao c'oBsiblo fastnnsBes of the main range to do us an injury. We could not account lor their presenoe, wo oould find no reason for their acts, unless, Indeed, tbey were some wander ing tribe who bad been badly need by tho wbito roan sonlowherc, end were revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and loo But there was tho unmistakable fact, We were first mado awara of it by Alep. our bead stookman, riding up to tho house in hot haste ono forenoon with the intelligence. He hod, bo ho informed us, been out to one of tno cattle camps, and returning by the foot of the bill had come across blood marks on tno grasH. Following them up he had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our ohoicest breed. The blaoks had carried oil some of the flesh, and had left tho rest to tho hawks. Was ho sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quito Bure. There was no mistake about that, for he had Been the mark of the spear thruBta. He had ridden up to the house as fast as he conld, to see what was to be done. What was to be done? Ah I? that was ft ^ Find the marauding sooiindrols. ' Just bo. But .where to find them? Whero to look for them? They Were miles away, no doubt, gono this way or that, who could tell ? It was our first experience with bloolcB, that is to say with mischievous ones, and we were com pletely at a loss how to act in tho emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our oounsela, sat up late that night discussing the matter, al though with but little result further than that we determined to keep a Btriot look out for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselveB tno trouble. Do what we oould, ride to and fro1 on tho run, early and late, as wo might, we never could oome across them. 'Had wo had native trackers wo might probably have found their trail, and hunted thom oil, for the blacks have a wondorful inftinot, and a natural love for this bloodhound kind of work—it is strange, indeed,'jiow tho partially oivilised aboriginal taken a'! eruol. delight in tracking and, it may .be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but so it is—but we had no trackers, and wero totally unaequamted with tho bushcraft ond tho thousand and one ehifts'and tricks of thoso ounning denizens of tho woods and wilds for oonoealing themselves and eluding pursuit. <' • ')■ ■ But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly n day passed that wo did not got reports of fresh outrages. Not content with slaughtering an .occasional boast for foodi they had, as is their.wont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, anil for sheer love of bloodshtd. Who could tell how soon they, treacherous and vindictive ao they were, would fly at higher game,;and would take to killing human being* rin well as cattlo. At all events we went continually armed, wo and the stookman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account ofsomo of Ittirim, could we have found them, which as I have said, wo oould not. '.- 1 Then for a tirao oame a cessation of hostilities, as it were. ThoyBeemed to have • -quitted our part of tho country for . wo had no further alarms, and were just beginning to oongratulato ourselvos iu having got rid of our troublesome visitor*, when alniost airpul • taneouely wo hcarrt>of no fewer tban three fine young heaiil of cattlo being found slaughtered in widely different parts of tho run. We wore at our wit's end, but clearly something-mUBt bo dono, and at once; This kind of thing oould.not ho permitted to'go on.' But how to prevent it 1 Why the wretohes had elected to ,commit their depredations ou our run,' or' whether thoy had.extended thom to other parts of the diBtriot wc did.npt know. Again wo held a oounoil of war,' and again we felt ourselves powerless to copo with tho evil. #We felt .certain that tho blacks were about in'foi'ob,' 'but'wliother thoy'wore camped in the den bo \- bush that b6rde'red: our run,'- or whether,^as wan moat likely, thoy had their head quarters in tho rugged mountain ranges to tho north ward of ue, wo wero unable to Bay. It is as cortain however that they wero hot located on ?therun, as,.had. they/been, we:should have been sure to have-fallen in with the marks of their fires, if not with tho ruins of, their, wurleya of branches of hark. Wo satldto 'in the night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welah had expressed hia determination to rido.over to Garfrao'e the following morn ing, and consult'with our neighbour as to what had beBt ba done. Perhaps that was tho best thing after all, for Mr. Oarfrao had been a long, time in the colony, and might reasonably bo supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of the Bavage tribes, and tho best mothod of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a strango, and altogether unaccountable rcpugnanoe to letting Jim go. A singular vaguo' premonition of evil whiaii. would not assumo any tangible shape and whioh oluded my mental grasp at tho same time as it would not bo laughed away.. r _ ■ After an early 'breakfast, Jim saddled his horae, and prepnred for a start, ridiculing my groundlqssiearH and attempts te induoo him not to venture. His argument was unanswer able " Our plain duty is oloar," ho said, " wo havo already\loat;something liko a Booro of our prime oatUe,'we have been totally unable to put atop to tlib misohief, and unlees we tako Homo decided step there ia no telling : what tho result will ho.'.' I oould no't oontradict this, of oourBC, and oould only advise him to ba oareful, and to keep as rnueh as possible'in op on country. , Never fear," ho,replied ohoerfully,'," ! am, ..well' armed, and tbo(blaok scoundrolB havo 'too wlioleaomo a'terror of the white man's thuuder and lightning to venture within oooey of mo.'? ' ■ j:■ i . . Notwithstanding this, it vpas with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighton his girths, vault into the Hacldle.'and oantor gaily over the grassy stretoh of 'the libnio paddook in the direction of the gap. I watahed him until ho .was out of sight, shading my, eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of the morning Bun, and thon I turned into the houaewith something liko a sigh, detorniiQed to drive away my uneaay thoughts by writing long letters home. > , -. In vain, the inspiration would not oome.' I blundered and bungled through my corres pondence for two hours or more, and thon gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the "Dwellerson the Threshold" of whioh wo read, I had no dis tinct comprehension, but whioh was, none tho less, there. It was a clear warm day, the Bilenoo was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by tho faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled slumbor. My dreams, if dreams they oould be oalled were, as my waking thoughts had been, " without form and void," yet dimly sha3owered by • presentiment of impending ill, v I know not how long I slept, but all at onoe I was roused from my unrest, by s long, loud, halt howl, halt wail of a dog, bo weird, bo in expressibly sad, that it seemed to turn my very blood to ioe. I awoke with a start, and went out at the opon door. Aa I stopped out upon the verandah, Fly, bur oollie dog oame whining and orouohing to my foot, ond orouahed tremblingly behind me; as if in mortal terror. At the samo moment my eyes were blasted with a now Gorgon. Coming slowly tip tho path, not twenty yards from mo, and gliding rathor than walking, wos a form, tho form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had aeon start for Carfrao'a Bomo hours before. Pale to lividneas, «badowy, othereal, with a look of pnin on hia erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotob ol blood welling from a aeop gash ju bis breast, I stood as if turned to marble, powerless to move, powerless to flpcak, powerless, almoHt, to think. Was I still dreaming? No. There he was, plainly palpable before me. I felt ray eyes dilate. I felt my hair stiffen on my bead. I felt my heart throb aa if it would burst, and still all I ooulil do was to gazo entranced and spcll'bound in silent, nameless horror. My breath came fast and thick, and as it coma nearer nnd still nearer, with a supreme effort I gaeped rather than spoke "Jim!" The form waved ite hand in the direction of tho gup, a smilo spread over the anguished countenance, and then it slowly melted into air Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand timcB no. although it was suroly enough to havor driven mo so. I was as sano as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I aid not, J. do not speculate. I only know that I saw It. I tell you I *ato it. For a timo I stood inca pable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came tho reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, halt sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There wob nothing, I might have known that. I did know it. i ranr round to tho stable, hastily saddled a horse, snatohed up my revolver, mounted, and hatleaa, coatloaa, as I was, gallopped down the home paddock. Whore was I going ? hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idoo, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of thin foul deed, for that a foul deed had been donol knew only too well. I headed for tho rocky bluffa that formed the Cm». a"1* bathed in perspiration, and with'tlxi hot fire of hatred at niy heart, sped aoroan tho intervening down. Did I think ol darig'ir, .of death perhaps, to myBolf? No, R Soon°l'reaohud the Gap. All still, all silent. The. grim v/allB hemmed mo in on cither hand, but told mo nothing. Dooper ana deeper into tho gloomy dtfilo I passed, deeper and deeper still, hut nothing. Not a sight, not a sound save tho clatter and ring ol my horna'a iron shod hoofs over ' the rough boulders. I dismounted, and slowly lea my horao ovor tho r: {;ged track for it w»b un safe to rido. i Mori) dismal, mora wildly soli tary grew tho Bccne, a quarter of a mile, hall a mile, a mile, and then— " , , , At last. There he lay. Yes. there lie lay. All there was left of him. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted, handsome * Jim. Dead I Dead! AlaB I Alas I Dead I Dead 1 Killed by a ppear. thrust, treacherously hurled from behind a rook,' ua he wan riding, or probably leading His horse, through the defile. A spear thrust which cntoring bis back,_ bad oorno out at bis breast, and had oloft his heart m twain. Tbore, at my feet, on his back, with a smllo onbia pallid lips, gazing blindly into my faco with glazed oyea, aa if in mockery ol my unutterable woe. ■> , Do I feel shame in Baying that tho tears fell hot and fast from my eyes upon that cold laoo, that my kisses were impressed on that lifeless hand, which lmd never buforo mot mino Bavein the warm grip oMriendahipf Not I. A man sheds toars but seldom, but when bo doeB, they are, as it wero, tears of ^How long I stood looking wistfully into tho faoe of my dead friend I know not. I felt my heart throb almost to breaking. I lelt my brain whirr into dim' unoonsoiousneHB, and then, kind heaven eont relief to my over, charged feelings. ^ Tho grim'defile, \tho bu*h beyond, It at my feet, seemed to swim round mo. All earthly things wero blotted out, and I fell forword in a swoon, and all was dark. But the awakening, oh I thoawa'teni 'if. But tho awakening, oh I tho awakening. I found myself lying on a couob in (ho front room of our house. I awoko as it niipht bo after a hoavy aleop and I know not where I was. For a time I lay only partially con aoiouB, yet still entirely oonnoioiis of Hceint? forma,I knew around mo. Alec, Payne, Doctor Rao from tho township, and a fonialo with a faoe strange to me, stood round my bed. I lay, dimly trying to Rather up the-tangled threads of memory, whioh seemed to have been woven into a kind of inextricable con fusion. I triod to raise my hand, and it fell baok on the counterpane, seemingly as hoavy aa load. And then, I spolto, or rather, aa it 'seemed to mo, aomoono olae appoared to speak my thought, bo weak and gapping was the voice. "Where am I?" I asked. " Thank God," ejaoulated theDootor, " tho worBt is over. Mrnd and memory'are rufcurn ing." . . ■ " For a time I lay still, trying to think of the moaning of what ho said, audthqn, as in an instant, the tido flowed. It all oame back to me. All, all. Tho mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, tho dead body of my friend at my feet. I bad as they told me, been found lying serosa the oorpse of Jim in the gap, found by Aleo. Payne, who had from a distance soon mo galloping wildly in that direotion, and who, siispeoting something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill, very ill, nearly at deaths'door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', evor since, but, thank God, the danger was past. As for tho appari tion I bad seen, Dr. lide discoursed learnedly I'-on psychology unct kuiilrdcl iiiiiueim pruvcu to his own satiafaotion, douhtleHB—that at tho time I oaw it, or was nu'ppoeed to have soon it, I was under the iufiuouco of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent on tho ravages mado on our stock by the blacks. lie peruuadod ma that it was all fanoy, imagination, tho out come of a hoat oppressed brain, all tho rest of it, by whioh soientiBts try to explain the un explainable. \- Perhaps be wbb right. I do not know, |* common Boneo would toll me that bo was right, and that it wao only in my own dis turbed brain and mind that fatal vision bad been. That ia, no doubt, a sufficiently luoid explanation, but for all that, I Bay, as Shako spesro saya " There are mote things in Heaven and earth Horatio Than ever yon dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, as I httvo said before—I saw it. Tho decipherers of the papyri whioh have bcon brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, havo learned from nno ol them the oxisteneo ot a town in lower Egypt, ail traoo of which seems to have disappeared for the laBt 1,200 years. The document in a papyrus, a little over d(t. long by lft. wido, oontaining a mar riage contract in Greek, and in well preserved. Tho date i» not given, butlProfeBsors Kara bncok and Wosseley believe it belongs to the early part of the sixth century. The bride> groom was named Tlieon, the bride Mariat Shu had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieocs, and tho future husband en gages to find for her food and olothing, and everything suitable for '• an ordinary legiti mate wife." Thero aro witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are de scribed as belonging to the town of Justian opolis. Tho editors doclaro that thoy oan find no mention of thin place among any lists ol the townB,ote., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rioe aro grown in Bur mah, ttio latest additions to tho territories of Groat Britain. These rango in hua from white to black. Burmnh also produces many other kinds of edible grains, one of which ia known as Job's Tears. 'Acoording to Dr. Thomas Moore' this grass derives its name from tho largo, round, nhining fruit it bearx, in which oan be traoud noma rcaemblaneo to ■ tcara.It ;oqeuv8 .in Japan aa well as the Aeiatio continent^ '1' " 61! .Tii: '> ; ,i 