LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'WyUard's Weird, Eta Chapter XXII, — (Continued. 1 Mr. Beeehing began to understand that be was to write cheques whenever they were urgently wanted, bot that he was to get nothing bat afternoon tea and Tory's attentions for his money. Yon 8re very orael,' he said sulkily. Good day.' „ You'll come to 869 the play, dear Beech- iog,' she said, as he was departing. Til be—— if I do!' 'Oh, I hope you won't be that ; but I know you'll oome to see Peg Wellington.' Hemetthe milliner's basket and the young woman just emerging from the lift. He had none of that generous glow which is said to follow Hie doing of a good action. He.felt angry and savage at being foiled. 'The next time she's In a difficulty she may whietle for me,' he said to himself ; - but when eight -o'clock came he oonld no more keep away from the Viotorian-hall than a Both ean keep away from a candle. It was so near his chambers in the Albany. He had not even to order his brougham. - He just slipped on his overcoat, took one from half a dozen guinea tickets on his chimney-piece, and walked to the place of entertainment Carriages were setting down at the entrance. Lady. Belfield, Helen, and Sir Adrian were going in just in front of bun, amongst a fashionable crowd, His stall was ne? but one-to Helen's and St. Austell aceupiedthe SEathetweenthem. How odd that we should be side by side,' said bis lordship, loud enough for Lady Belfield to hear. Helen made no answer. She was not yet mistress of those arts of hypocrisy whioh enable a woman to glide from flirtation to flirtation, and fromintrigae to intrigue, with a bold front and a lofty crest. She had not passed the border line of guilt, and yet her head was bent by the burden of conscious shame. That slight droop of the bead, and languid pensive air, enhanced her beauty, in ah age when" brazen mirth fulness is the . commonest attribute of woman. She had a fragile look, like a tall white lily, best aimo&t; to breaking, .Some of her friends said she looked consumptive, and would not last many seasons. She knew that St. Austell had taken infinite trouble to get that stall next her'. He had been with her at tea-time to find out the numbdr of her beat — had been with her, rthey two alone, in the Japanese drawing' room — with not even Tory to make A diver sion from perilous sentimentality — and then had driven off to the Hall in a hansom to get; his own number exchanged ; and now he expected her to act surprise, ' Masks and Faces' was listened to with politeness and appropriate applause by \- people who remembered Fanny Stirling in the heyday of her charms as Peg Woffiugton ; by people who could hardly dissociate the character from Mrs. Bancroft, and by other people who had seen Mrs. Bernard Beere. As for Mrs. Baddeley, herdiamonds and her gowns were lovely. Her acting was easy and refined, and utterly undiamatic ; but she w&e; above the level of her fellow-performers, _ and; was supposed by them and by .her self to be taking the town by Atoim. Applause is given so freely to amateurs, since, approval means -nothing and compromises nobody. People Who have been hoaxed , into baying guinea stalls for an old familiar- play, mast at least pfetend to enjoy themselves, and the audience wbs fashionable, and could console Ite'elF w ith the idea that ilwasihe right thing to be there. Lady Belfield and her daughter-in-law parted in the vestibule. HeleA was going on to a party is Regent Terrace with her sister. Bhethad to go to Mrs, Baddoley's dressins- room and wait there while that lady changed idisiB,whioh would be rather a long biDehkelBB nLp doubt. St. Austell offered to f 'her tb hsr rister's room, but Adrian Wherisis arts, as if by a superior right. - If you'll take care of my mother, I'll be b&qk; in a few minutes,' he said to St. Austell, as he walked off with Helen. f Rwitethe first time Hie had touohed his arm sincC they were aflianoed lovers, and her rffogers trembled faintly as. thgy rested on She had, »9 many causes for- agitation that night. St. Austell's pdtsaitj Unobtrusive, but fatal ; her fear 4 her Wsbaod's return, which might occur at auy moment ; and aow her dread\of this grave,- earnest brother-in law, whom she had wronged in the past, and whom she shrank from in the present as from one who had an oocolt power to read her heart. Published by special arraogement with the author Yon are looking pale and tired, Helen,' said Adrian, as they went along a passage leading to the back of the Hall. Must you really go to a party to- night V CT am due at two. There is Lady Glan dore's musical evening, which I would not miss for worlds, and & dance afterwards — a late dance — which means ooffee and carriages at six o'clock to-morrow morning.' I believe you are killing yourself with this kind of life.' ' Ob, but it is only a spurt ; it lasts so short a time — "a rose's brief bright life of joy," as somebody has said.' And you go from party to party, from crowd to crowd, alone ?' What do you mean by alone ? I am under my elder sister's wing, always.' I don't think that wiog is quite enough "to shelter you, Helen. I don't like to think of you about in society without your husband.' ' I ehould sse vary little of society if I waited for Valentine to take me about. Do yon know that I should have gone out of my mind a few months ago — gone melancholy mad — if Leo had not come to my rescue?' That is very sad, Helen. I must talk to my brother ' Don't 1 It would only make bad blood between us. It is all over with us as a devoted couple ; it was all over directly after our honeymoon; - I was so fond of him, and I thought we were going to be so happy together— not commonplace married people, leading commonplace semi-attached lives, but wedded lovers, I very soon found out my mistake.' But you have only been married two years. You cannot bs tired of each other yet. Valentine is too much accustomed to have his own way, and to seek his own amusement ; but I have no donbt ha loves you as fondly as ever.' Yon have not sseu us together, or ycu would know better.1 ' I cannot believe that there is any change in his feelings,' persisted Adrian ; ' but I think the kind of life you are leading is oal julafced to estrange him. The knowledge ; that y ou are going about in society without him will make him more and more careless of his home, more intent upon bis own pleasures.' They were at Mrs. Baddeley'8 door by this time. 'Good night,' said Helen, offering Adrian her hand. He pressed it gently, with a brother's kindly grasp, We may meet again, perhaps, before morning. I saw Glandore at the Junior Oarlton, and he aBked me to look in at her ladyship's party, and hear Patfci.' An revoir, then,' said Helen, with an undefinable feeling that Adrian's presence would spoil her evening, He bad told her that be did not approve of her butterfly life ; and she could not shoke off the idea that he could read her thoughts and knew the downward toad on whioh she was travelling. Chatter XXIII. — On the Terrace. It took Mrs. Baddeley a considerable time to transform herself from Peg Woffing ton to a lady of ths period. The concert was over in Regent Terraoe when the sisters arrived. Patti had sung and departed, and a stream of smart people were flowing out of the lofty hall on their way to dances ; but the pleasantest feature of Lady Giandore's parties was the lamplit terrace, where h6r ladyship's guests sauntered up or down, or eat about in friendly groups among groves of palms and pyramids of flowers, and listened to a band stationed at the end of the terraoe. Whatever band was best and most fashionable was to be heard at Lady Giandore's ; and the change from the bril. liaot rooms and operatic mnsic, the orowd, and the dBzzle of the house, to this cool region of palms and flowers and lampions clustering among the greenery, and Japanese umbrella canopies, and little tables , pro. vided with strawberries and cream, and talk, and flirtation, and ioed drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change that delighted everybody. And there, across the shadowy park, in sombre solemn grandenr, showed the dense bulk of Abbey and Senate House ; the pises where the dead, who seem so great, are lying ; and the place where the living, who seem so email, are trying to talk themselves Into fame and immortality. There were many people in London who preferred Lady Giandore's terraoe to the smartest danoe of the season, and who lingered and loitered there between lamp light and shadow, strolling np and down, wr leaning on the bains trade, dreamily contem plative of that dark bnlk of towers and roofs touched here and there with points of vivid Igbt. Mrs. Baddeley was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and the only, ideas the Abbey or the Senate House awakened in her mind were that death in any form, even when . glorified in marbls, was an inevitable nuisance, and that politics were, perhaps, a still greater bore. She was of tlie earth, earthy, and always, made the most of the present moment. She speedily took pos session of one of the strawberry and cream tables, and bad a cluster of admirers about her, whom she sent on errands to the supper- room. T am goingto frighten you all by eating a most prodigious supper,' she cried. Re member, I have been acting comedy and tragedy. laughing and crying, and loving and suffering, for theee hours, and have had nothing , but one poor little split and a te&spoonful; of brandy. 1 am on the verge ofexhauetion, so now feed me, good people. What, ia that you, Beeehing ?' Bhe cried, es a dark figure and an expanse of shirt-front rose up in the shadow of a neighbouring palm, like the ghost in the Qorsioan Brothers.' « I did not think I should bco you here to- night. How did you like my Peg?' She was lifting a ohamp⪈ tumbler to her rosy lips as she spoke, and Bssahing thought she was alluding to some particular order of drink. ' How did you like the play— and — my gowns ?' ehe said, impatiently. ' I suppose it was all very fine, but I ain't much of a judge of scything but a bur!e?qce.' ' Ob, but I hope I made ycu cry,' said Mrs. Baddeley, attacking _ a plateful of delicacies, which a practical admirer had collected for her ; foiegras, chicken, lobster salad, all on the same plate. It saves so much time,' be said, and you don't seem to be eating so much,' to whioh Leo laughingly agreed. ' When I have finished my supper I mean to wallow in strawberries and cream for the reel of the evening,' she said, with frank vulgarity ; 1 and you will all have to amuse me- _ I am much too exhausted to do any talking myself.' Then I'm afraid yon must be at death's door,' retorted Beeehing, Good gracious 1' cried Leo, starting up suddenly and looking about her. Have you dropped anything ?' cried a chorus of admirers, Your fan — your hand kerchief ?' No, it's my sister. I'm ohaperoning her, don t you know, poor young thing, and I haven't eean her since we left the cloak, room.' Oh, she's quite safe,' said Beeehing, in his slow, sullen voice. I saw her at the other end of the terrace — the dark end — looking at the view— with St. Austell.' I'm afraid I ought to go and look them up presently,' said Mrs. Baddeley, pushing away her plate with a sigh of satisfaction ; and now, you dear, good Colonel, you may go and get me some cream, and things, what- ever looks, nicest. You are such a good caterer. St. Austell is a dear fellow, but it's unlucky he bas made himself sueh & bad re putation.' I don't think he took much trouble about it,' answered Beeehing. I fancy it came naturally,' ' Such a pity,' sighed Lso. f He is so handsome — and distinguished — and clever — eo altogether nice ' — as if the last word ex pressed supreme merit — and yet people will talk about him, and it's almost dangerous for a young married woman to be civil to him.' You are not afraid, tho',' said Mr. Mountnsssing, a man about town, who was very devoted to Mrs. Baddeley, but who bad never imperilled his peace of mind, or de pleted his puree for any woman living. 1 You are uncommonly civil to him.' Oh, I don't count. I am a Bohemian of the Bohemians. I make no distinctions. I know so thoroughly well how to take care of myself,' said Lso. devouring an iced sofc#e, Upon my word I believe you do,' said Mr. Beeehing, to which the chorns agreed. 1 But my sister is younger than I am, end knows very little of the world, and ought to be looked after,' said Leo, attacking a pine apple cream. 'Not nearly so gcod as the souffle, Colonel ; you should have brought me more of the souffle.' ' And Mrs. Belfield bas not the advantage of a husband in India,' said Colonel Cot- tereli. No, indeed, poor thing !' agreed Leo. A neglectful husband at borne is not nearly so great s protection for a wife as a dear kind fellow in India, tolling for one under a tropical sua.' ' So touching !' E&id; the Colonel. » . There were fewer lamps and less people at that end of the terrace where Helen leaned against the stone balustrade, looking across the low level Bark, with its rows of lans'f s, like sitings of jewels, hanging across the darkness, and its distant boundary of Gothio pinnacles and dark, walls, pierced with spots of light St. Austell was by hsr side. They had. been in the same spot for nearly an hour. They had talked of many things, beginning in the lightest strain. Helen intending that there should be only the slightest talk .between them that night, snob talk as all the jrflild might ;lwtv % hstl drifted somehow from. gaiety, to . seriousness, from airiest talk of their neighbours to tenderest talk of themselves — and from seriousness they hid lapsed into silence. She leaned her chin upon her hand gazing at the distant Abbey, with eyes dimmed by tears ; but it was not the associations of that solemn pile whioh moved her. It was no thought of the dead lying there, or of all that the living had .lost by the death of greatness. It was of herself and of her own sorrows she thought, and of the lover who stood by her side, and whose lips had been pleading to her sa never mortal lips had pleaded Hft rr, with a silvery eloquence that thrilled and subjugated her senses and ber soul. What was that rough power, the mere force of a vigorous nature and a dominant wi 1 by whioh Valentine had conquered ber si!£g. ance and won her to himself, compared wi.h this tender and spiritual charm, the fascina tion of a man who seemed ail inteileei s.ad emotion, a creature compounded of fire sn<' light rather than of gross earthy substance ? bhe bad never known what love meant b:f ra this magical voice whispered in her ear before this light hand touched ber own. rd conquered at a touch. There are tears in your eyas, Helen.' bo eaitf, trying gently to draw her face tovrda his own. 'I know it, though I cans o; w.e tbem. Love, why are you crying ? I tell %-cn again the golf is not impassable. Ail c- .i good things are oa the other sice. If y? a.r life were happy — if your fate were whr.t is onght to be — I would net ask you wh,»' I have asked to-night. Bat I have eeen ho r you are ignored and neglected — I know bow luile there is to lose — while for me there is all to gain— and for you— at least this moo "a — uo ba loved and honoured and cherished as yon deserve to be, P®n®cr6 J Oh, how can you use that word ? she said with a sob. ' Why should I not use it ? Do you thitk. dearest, if you were to make this sacrifice for me, I should not honour you so much the more for that sacrifice than for all else that is lovely in your nature V And then he went on with arguments ihr«t have been worn threadbare in the cause o lUiclt love, but whioh always seem origiua! and unanswerable to the yielding ear of the woman who listens. He went on in that low melodious voice which had charmed honour and conecienoe to fatal oblivion many a time before to-night; the voice o! the accomplished seducer, who has just heart eaoi-gh so fancy himself irrevocably and eternally ia love once & year, and who pleads to bis mistress in ail the glow and fervour o? a passion which seems as true as a boy's first love, and which is foredoomed to change and forgetfulness even in its golden dawn. Ha talked as a man who had never loved before, and could never cease to love. He believed in himself, and the reality of his own emotions gave him the force of sincerity. He was Bincere, only it was the sincerity of a single season, and would be gone and for gotten before next year's roses bloomed oa Lady Giandore's terraoe. _ Helen heard and Beamed on the point of yielding. He had been imploring her fo leave a husband who neglected her, who was obviouely unworthy of her fidelity, and io trust her let to him. They would leave England together; for ever, if she ehos. She should cot ba made unhappy by the vicinity of people she knew, or Vbo ksew anything about her. He oared not where his lot was cast so long as be was by her side. He had been told that if he wanted to escape early death he ought to winter in the East Egypt, Algiers, or Oeylon. Wonld «he not go with him ? They could 6pend the early autumn in Northern Italy, and then in October they coold start for Ceylon— a iscd where all things would be new, where Ufa would be as fresh and fall of wonder a« if they were children again. They would live for each other, apart from society, under an assumed same. No one need ever know their history, We would have no history except the story of our love,' he said. She listened with drooping eyelids, listened with one hand looked in his, lister ed almost in silence. Yes, she oonld imagine that life which he described, a life in the liberty ci strange lands, in perpetual sunshine, among picturesque people ; a life for ever oh an gin g, for ever new, and brimming over with love, euoh a lite as she had fancied possible in that long honeymoon among Swiss moun tains and lakes, when she had waited as a slave upon her Sultan, made happy by a smile or a careless caress. She had fancied herself happy in those days, and had been a willing slave ; but he who now pUadeo to ner was to be her slave, and she was to ba Sultana. Hie love was devoted, reverential, even ; she felt for the first lime what it was to be young, and beautiful, and adored. St. Austell looked his best tn that dim light. The delicate features, the pale com - pioxion, somewhat wan and haggard, after many seasons of reoklesa dissipation ; the dreamy blue-grey eyes, the refined mouth and chin, and the high intellectual brow, en whioh the hair grew thinly, were all characteristics of a type that women call r 4 interesting. Helen felt lbe charm of that p≤, emotional countenance as deeply as she felt the magic of that musical voice. She stood by bis side in silenoe, letting bitn tattSag him The band was at the other end of tbe terraoe, aud it was near that end that Lady Glandore- and he friends were clustering in little groups, which thinned momently. The sound of a waltz came softly, brokenly, from the distance, to those two in their solitude. Theyheard nothing but that fitful ebb and flow of melody, no sound of voices; till a voioe close to them startled them like a elan of thunder. I have hoen looking for you evtrywfeersg Helen,' gaid Mr. Belfield, and I began id think Adrian had made a fool of me when ho told me yon wer&Ao; boliere.' ?n: V | The two brothers were standing sid e by aide in the nnocriaiufigbtorthti -Ijteltagold' coloured lamps. doUaqpg fcbq palm? and twinkling among fcWflower beds... They stood eideby side, elad exactly aliWJ in fheir evening dress, lke and yet' unlike. Valen tine, broad-ehdpldered, vigorous-looking, taller than hie brother fay "an inch or two ; Adrian, BTendet;fragUe,wIth pale; intellectual face, and features delicate toaitenuation. II was aB if spirit and flesh were embodied in two different forms. .. - - Helen's voice laliered as she greeted her hnBband, hot a little, agitation, , wjw only natural at so unexpected a meeting. 'When did yen eome back, Val ?' she asked. ' It isn't like you to look me up at a party.' . 'Of course It isn't like me,' he ansWhred, with a carelessness which reassured4 that guilty heart. - 1 should not be here ititr was not for Adrian. . I arent ta look him upat his hotel before goingto my dab, and he mads me oome here wth him, instead- of going to the olub with me, as I wanted him to do. How white jou ere looking, Helen.' It is the light of 'the lamps,' she faltered. ' Then they must be dooeed unbecoming lamps. How d'ye do, St. Austell ?' The two men nodded to each other ; but St, Austell kept in the background, leaning against the balustrade. It was just possible for him to avoid shaking hands with, Mr. Belfield without appearing constrained or partionlar in his condnpt. It would seem almost that he held himself&lpof; from delicate feeling, loth to interrupt the meeting between husband and wife. Mrs. Baddeley came sweeping along with her satin train trailing on the gravel, and Mr. Beeohing, Colonel Cotterell, and Mr. Mouctnessing in attendance.- 'Do you know that we are outstaying everybody?' ehe cxolaimed, 'and I have no doubt Lady Glandore is dying to get rid of us all and go to the Duchess's ball. What, Valentine, is that you ? I am glad yon are baek again. Helen, do you feel fit for going on to Groavenor Gardens V No ; I shall go nowhere else to-night. I am tired to death. Not a word of satisfaction at having her husband back again ; no reference to him in bar reply. Adrian marked the omission and wondered at it. Wat love dead between those two ? The fire that had burned so strongly that night by the river; the flame to which he had saetifioed his own rights — was it quite extinct ? He looked at Helen thoughtfully. She was no less lovely than in that old time when he had loved her ; but he saw the beantiful faee with a elearei, calmer eye now, and he saw weakness of character in every line — a sweet, love&ble;, yielding nature, perhaps, bnt not . a woman for any man. to, build his hopes upon, nota woman for whom to venture all things. Adrian had a good many opportunities for observing his sisfcer-in-law after that evening at Lady Glandore'e, and every new meeting only convinced him the more that all was not well with her. 8t. Austell's shadow followed her like a blight ; end yet Adrian had never seen anything in her conduct which would justify him in remonstrating with her, or even i in warning her against Lord St. Austell, She could hardly iefuse to know her sister's friends, while1 she" was Chaperoned by her sister; and SlfAusteir was ah bid friend of Major and Mrs; Baddeley's. He took the opportunity of a tete-a-tete lunch with Valentine at the Junior Oarltcn, to speak of his married life. ' You are quite happy, Val?' he asked. Your marriage haB realised all yoar hopeB V ' Well, yes, I suppose it has. I. don't. know vary exactly what my hopEg were. I ccly know that I was desperately in love, and that you were a good fellow to give me the field, and are a still better fellow for forgiving me as you have. done.' He stretched bis hand across the table to shake hands "with his brother, with more feeling than lie was wont to exhibit. ' Time has been very good to me, Val. I am hoarNwbole again, and I can think of Helen as my siBter, and love her as a sister j should be loved. : I -can never forget that she j is the first woman I ever oared for.' I ' How about the second, Adrian V j ' There is no second yet. I will cot say of myeelf that I shall never love again. Life j means mutability, and so long aB a man j lives he may change. I, can't help wishing, ; Val, that you and Helen were a little less 1 fasbicnable. I don't like your seini detached way of living.' 'My dear sonl, we live as most cfour fellow- creatures live,', answered Valentine, lightly ' I am not the kind of man to be tied to any woman's apron string, wife or mistress. To stand in doorways while my wife dances ; to sit ont plays I am sick of while my wife looks on, or to jog up and down the Bow at her side. If Helen and I are to hang together for the rest of oar lives we mast be free to enjoy ourselves after our own ideas, She has an excellent chaperon, and I am letting her sow her wild oats. She will be tired of gaddlizzg about in a season or two.' ' And when she is tired of gadding about is she to sit by the fira —alone ?' ' My dear , Adrian, don't lecture. Who knows ? By that time I may be tired of knocking about London; and may sit by ' the fire and smoke-r-ror take to books, like you. In the meantime, Helen . and I get on capitally.' Yes, and she gets on capitally with men who are ever, so much more attentive to her than you are— men tfbo" don't, mind looking on when she dances' 'add don't mind jogging np and down the. Row. St. Austell, for instanoe.' .I1";";;'"' .7' i: ' Valentine f rowndd, find lihen shrugged hi shoulders. \- 'Yon don't suppose you baa make me jealous?' he said.' 1 am not that kind of person. My wife mayacoeptas much admira tion as she likes from other men. I know her heart is mine;"' He smiled, recalling tile slave's devotion ; her delight at a kind word, her bluehibg pleasure at a casual kras. He forgot that those things belonged to his experiences of! last yeas. He had no£ even nolics?, tba growing chaugs in his wife's manner; |o - Completely he ah&obed; in himBeif aud his own pleasures. ' Indeed, Valentine, Ifaave never doubted Helen's afieoiiea jbr-.:ycp ;;but I think. ; she desf rves . a Jitlte tpore, ei - your; = company— a little moro cf your cars., She is tqayopog and too beautiful to stand alone in; London 1 ' Bosh i. A good woman alwayp knows how to take care of herself, it is. only the bad Ones that want lookingafter.' ;r Adrian was silent. He felt, that He had said as muoh as he could eaiely say to Valen tine; but there wsb something which he .meant to say to Helen before he went back to Devonshire. - He rode in the Rowthe day before he left London, to try a saddle horse which he had bought at Tattersall'a on the previous after noon. He rode early, and was surprised to meet his .sister-in-law coming in at the Ken sington Gate, quite alone, as the clocks were etriki manias. ... 1 raud yoD were to be at two dances laet night, Helen, sol hardly expected to see yon out so early,' he said. ' I couldn't sleep, ' she answered ; ' so it was just as well to have my ride before the herd came ont. She bad flashed suddenly as he rode np to her, bnt the colour faded as quickly as it came, and left her very pale. You look as if you wanted Bleep more than an early ride,' he said, gravely, shocked at her waxen pallor, bat still more at the startled, guilty look with which she had recognised him- . 'I daresay I do,' she answered, carelessly. 'We were dancing the cotillion at five o'clock. I had no idea you rode in the park.' ' I am only here because of my pnrohase yesterday. How dp you like fcim?' Helen looked critically at the handsome upstanding bay. Very much. He looks every inch a j hunter.' Isn't it a pity that I only want him for a haok ?' said Adrian, with a touch of bitter nsss, remembering those days when his betrothed had lamented his deficiencies as a sportsman. Never mind, Helen, you can hunt him in the autumn when you come to ; the abbey. Yon will come, of course ?' I den't know.' ' Ob, but yon mast acme, Helen. You : mast come and stay with my mother, and take your fill of rest, and duIneBS, and i country air, after the whirl and wear of ' London life. There is nothing in the world so good as perfect rest in a qaiet old country house. Valentine will have the shooting in September and October, and you can have plenty of cub-hunting. I will get one of the Misses Traducey to look after yon. They never miss a morning.' And then, bending over ber horse's neck„ he said, with gentle earnestness : 'Remember, Helen, the Abbey is your natural home, and my mother your natural, protector, second only to your husband. In the hour of doubt or, trouble that home ought to be your haven of refuge. Never fear to fly there : never fear to eonfide in. my mother's lova/ ! ' You are very good. Lady Belfield Is the | dearest woman la the world. Of course I shall he charmed to go to the Abbey it Valentine will take me, and I daresay he will like to go there for the shooting,' replied Helen, hurriedly, with a troubled manner, Adrian thought, not as one whoee mind was at ease. . I Your horse has more breed than mine,'' : he said, by way of changing the eonvereatios- ' He Is a very beautiful creature. Where did Valentine pick him up?' Rq was bought at Tafcfersall's. It wan not Valentine who choose feim, It was Mr.. Baechicg— or Lord St. Auste'I — I am net sure which of them really bought him. They : are both considered good judges.' ' No doubt. But Val. paid for the horfe, of coosse V | Of ooarae,' answered Helen, reddening at? ' the question. 'Who else should pay for j his: ?' 4 He must have given a high figure, I take it? . . ! ' No ; the bore was a bargain. When I | told him I wanted a hoxBe, Valentine said he j wculd only give sixty guineas — that was all he conld afiord — and I believe Ravioli was i bought for that money — or a little less.' ' Then tb6re is something wrong with him, I suppose, I hope he is not a dangerous horse. ' Dangarous ! Not the least. He faaa perfect manners.' ' And be is not a whistler, ox a roarer ?' | . Certainly not.' ' Then I congratulate yon on having secured a wonderful bargain. Anyone would give- yon credit for tiding a three hundred guinea ; horse. I gave very nearly two hundred for this fellow, and he is not half so handsome as yours. Ab, here combs St. Austell. Waa he in year Cotillon last night V Yas,; be is devosed to the cotillon ' IiOid St. Austell met them both with tbe easiest air. He, too, complained of sleep iessuess. ' These late parties are killing us, : he isaid. One loses the capacity for sleep. I shall have to go to a hydropathic in the wilds of Scotland or Ireland for a month or two, just to pull myself together.' I I should hardly have ;iven you credit for bsiog out so early,' s«id Adrian. ' Wouldn't you ? OhI am better than my reputation, I assure yob. I hate the Row when the mob are ont, and the band, and the talk, and the nonsense. Good day." He b rioted Helen, and cantered away, as if he had no other purpose in his ride than healths . fol exercise, and Adrian and hie companion saw no more of him, They rode up and down for an hour, Adrian - trying the paces of bis neW horse; which behaved in the ' hsw broom ' manner of horses that have been nourished in a dealer's yard for a space , to tbe subjugation of their original sin, After that quiet hoar's ride and qaiet talk, AdHan esooi ted his eisterin0 law back to her door, Where the man from the. livery yard was cbewiughia customary straw ; and here they parted. My mother and I go back; to Devouehire tc morning. Helen. You'll not forget ?' No, Adrian. Good bye.' And so they . parted. She erid.not a word &b; >ot goi' g to see Lady Belfield that at?i r nooa, and Adrian dia rofe ask her He beard hfterw&rdp; that he and Mrs. Baddeiey were sat Ranieigh, dined there,1 and drove bom® late in the evening to dress for s bail. J.ne beautiful Mrs. Belfield was aeked everywhere this season, and her fresh yonog fceahty had . opened many doors which bad hitherto been Cfoeed against Mrs. Baddeley. There was an awkward story about that lady's diamonds, ihepartioul&rs; of which had ; been only correctly known to a seleot few, but wbioh the select few had not forgotten, while even the vulgar herd knew there was a story of some kind, not altogether creditable to tfae wearer of the gems. (to be continued.) 