" A I M A." «&N-; OElSIKAli AnSTBAMAS STOBT, {All Mights Reserved.") CHAPTER XIX.—(CONTIHUBD.) BY HAROLD STEPHEN, ESQ., M.P. OF 33BW SOUTH WALES. HYoa mean Alma Tredegar," bagan -Grace. ".Who did yon say?" interrnpted Bertie in an exalted time. .- "AlmaTredegar," replied Grace. "Bat what is the matter?" . ' Bertiehad etarted to his feet, and, in eo doing, nearly npaet the table. Ha hastened . io apologise,- and related his adventure of the preceding day, when he met the brother of Miss Tredegar, in company with Sir. Charles Worth. • . ".Sir Charles North I" said Mr. Harvey. " Why he had the same of being one of the salest men .in the city. 5&s; he, .too, failed, andoome oat hereto seek his fortnne? Well, wall,; it' Is a strange world! Whp eould have thought he would ha v? made a mess of a?" Bertie explained that Sir Charles had by no means " ,r made a mess of it," bat bad come oat to Australia on business, and also with a vifiwtofind Miss Alma Tredegar. "Fortunately," he added, "-that part of the business may he considered-as settled. Yon, Miss Harroy,will of course bs able to tell as the young lady'saddress ?" ^ ; ; .' ".1 am afraid not, T received a letter from' her last week, dated , from Forest Creek, in f^klh ehe saidthat she and her nncle were about to leave'for eome new goldfiald, and fiiat bar ancle had fold her that, in all , probability, she would not have an opportanityforwriting again fcr many we^ka to •ThatiBJaofortunate,'' saicLBertia, "-hut we maybeable to follow them. At any rate, I*uppo»eImay teU-Sir-Oharles Worth that, VvSasoon aaUiss ^ritdeg&r; writes again, yon will let him know her address? 1 * ; VQl-aonne," replied Grace. '. j/'Imust ask you, however, to keep silence with reference to the arrival of oar friends in Melbourne. Professor Tredegar is at enmity both with his nephew and with Sir Charles, and he is quite -capable, of 'preventing them from meeting Miss Alma, ^if it lies in his povier." Gra08 promised compliance, and Bertie Boon after took his leave, receiving a cordial invitation from the young lady to visit them again on his return to town—which invitation was formally endorsed by Mr. Harvey in • manner the -very -reverse of cordial. When hthad left: -." I do sir like that yonng man," said the iathafc .- : " I do, very mnch," retorted the. daughter. • - * * It may he. well imafeinedthat the good news brought by BertieJjeraoorte, was most acceptable to Dart Tre3egar and Sir Charles Korthi • At lsst they had a clue which they eoold folios? np wita eoaie Hope ol encceBSi «nd, in any event, tbey had every reason' ti> h^lieve that.Mias; Harvey would ere long bij able to to supply them with more accurate information. • / Xhe-whole party, inoluding the detective, left for forest Greek that same evening. \- CHiPTEB XX. SKOB'fl GCIJjT. It was a.high old time at Snob's Gully. Ever since the news had eome that The Admiral; had onearthed a nuggat of monster proportions, the township had been in a ferment ; lor the claims had struck work, and every man on the diggings had come into view the welcome stranger. 4 There it lay—a huge misshapen mass of .flan ; yellow .gold, streaked with veins of quartz. Beauty it possessed not; yet every heartbeat high with the hope of one day owning its like. . ' Foe its exhibition, the largest reom in the leading public bouse had been chartered by the fortunate proprietors of the nugget, and ell day long a stream of visitors kept ponring in and out; whilst the tr&ffio; in drink and eatables threatened to exhauBt the resources of'(he establishment. . Snobb's Gully was among the youngest of the gold-fields:of that day. The original proepector;vra's a eboe-miker, hence the eupbooiaQg title, which bad been bestowed npop'it, after digger-fashion, hy some wit among the Bhoe-makar'd saocessorB, .When the original" snob." first drove las pick into the-soil, it was a oharmihg gorge, between 4«o bighv mountains, covered with the luxurious vegetation of a primeval forest. A silvery -creek, wound its placid way through the gully, and tangled masses of creepers hong in festoons from tree to tree. • „ On& short month later, and the gully was : transformed. Trees and creepers had disappeared; the creek had become a sluggish, ! J ye&6rif'drain, and the hill sides were covered "wi&h;'tents and huts of every description. ; township—is there not something fcflenswfcAo the taste in the very expression, M township " ?—was situated at the end of thefgnliy, where it widened ont into a "flat," :~*lid jconsisted, for the. most part, of storeB and public houses. Of these the most pre- . tentiohs was the Snob's Arms," at which ^topped, and there actually a billiard-room, cootaining a dreadful travesty of a billiard-table, and numerous small tables which were nightly occupied by euchre and cribbsge players. The Snob's Arms boasted also a danoing saloon, and two real, live barmafils, of undoubted personal attractions, and limitless impudence. It was a slab house, or rather a congregation of slab huts of various dimensions, barkroofed, antj^snuningly connected by covered passage way/ In the dancing saloon, reposing upon a red blanket, on a table improvised for the occasion'out of slabs placed oa trestles, lay the monste? nugget. At the head of the table, seated in an armchair, sat the Admiral, the lucky proprietor of the^huge mass of gold, which he from time carresssd ;and pstied, as if it had been a child, or a dog. Only yesterday, of the hundreds of men working at Saobs Gaily, he was perhaps the least esssidered. One stroke of the piok, and behold him a king amongst men! Oh, wonder - working enchanter, divine gold I without thee, life is a wearisome; struggle— with thee, a carnival of delight 1 At leaBt, that is the poor man's views of the matter when I have found my nugget, I shall be able, to deal with the question, from the other stand- point. The Admiral—so-called, perhaps, because of all living men he was in appearance farthest removed from the popular ideal of an admiral—was a week- eyed, week-kneed, sandy-haired little man, who had hitherto, as became one of his slender pretensions, modestly kept himself so much in the back ground that nobody' knew anything aboatbim. A few gipars, -however, had wrought a marvellous change, and he now oeoupiea the place of honor sb if to the manner born. It really was astonishing to find that he was not only genial, but withal witty and wise. His audience listened deferentially to every word that fell from his inspired lips, and never prophet of old commanded more respect. To each succeeding group of admirerij he told the same words ; yet even those Who had heard it early in the day, and often since, listened as eagerly to its twentieth repetition as if it had all the charm of novelty to recommend it. " Ye see, gentlemen," he would say, " me and ifiy mates knowed there was somethin' good in that there ground. Folks used to tell us,twe'd never come on it; but we know'd better, and there she is!" Here he would point exultingly to . the nugget, whilst his bearers smacked thpiriix>°. and wished—oh, so dearly 1—that it had heeq their fate to tell the tale. "I'll not deny that.there was timeB when ' we felt kinder bad about it,timeB when tucket was scarce, and iicker fc&rcer;,"—The landlord winced at this remark,for his conscience smote him ss he recalled sundry interviews between himself and The Admiral, and in which he bad Displayed anything but a " trusting " spirit. .' There was times even when my mates eez ' Let's shift onr pegs;' but I never gava in 1 I know'd we was bound ter-strike it rich, and strike it rich we have—gentlemen, call for yer drinks, if you please. It's my shoot, and champagne's the drink to- day." Need it be said that this speech of The Admirai was received with ever- increasing enthusiasm? Who, that knows anything of digger-nature, will doubt that an orator wf this stamp was accredited with the possession of more than the average Bupply of wit and wisdom ? Towards midnight the fun grew fast and furious; and when the ooaoh from Forest Creek drew up at the door of the public-house, it may safely be said that not one of its inmates (of the male sex) was sober. Under ordinary circumstanoes, the arrival of the coach—which usually took place at about nine o'clock—was the event of the evining, and every body turned out to stare at new airivah, and question the driver. Great then was the surprise of Jack Forrest—Gentleman Jack, as he was called— who held the reins on the night in questson, when not ever so much as a groom came to meet him as he drew up at the door, in as gallant fashion ae the fagged horses could accomplish. " Well, I'm d—d 1" ha muttered. " Here's a start 1 Anybody dead, I wonder ? There's an infernal row going on inside, anyway. Just hold the reins for a minute, please," he added, addressing a passenger, who occupied the box-seat. "I'm going in to rouse np some of these -ducks. Contound my cats 1 I'll let them know who they're fooling with, in a quarter lees then no time." Whilst Mr. Jack Forrest was carrying out his threat, a little voice in the interior of the vehicle said, "Ithink we have arrived, nncle," and presently the curtains were parted, and such a charming face appeared at the eperture, that one of the grooms, who had at last condescended to saunter lazily . towards the coach, started as if he had seen a ghost, and fell over into the horBe-trbugh, much to the discomfiture, but greatly to the delight,^ the outraged driver;-who, ao-. companied by the landlord, appended on the threshold at that moment. : ''lot me help yon down, miss," «aid Gentleman Jaok offering his hand. "These coaches arerather awkward for ladies." ' " Then we have arrived, sir 2" asked the young lady, timidly. "Yes, miss, this is Snob's Gaily," said •the landlord obsequiously, but/with a lurch to leeward, which showed that he, too, had succumbed to the influence of the petroleum r champagne. " And this is the Snob's Arms —though I sez it, as shouldn't, the leading hotel in the place. WaB you for stopping here to-night, miss ?" "Yes—get us some supper at once, and show us to our bedrooms," answered a gentleman who had come round from the other side of the coach. «' Come inside, Alma, the groom will look after our luggage." Poor little Alma—for it was indeed our heroins — oold, tired, hnngry,. and halffrightened, took her anole's arm submissively enough, and they were presently ushered into the room ofi the bar, which was dignified i>7 the name of the best parlor. The furniture of this apartment consisted of a rieketty bush sofa, a round table, covered with a blue blanket in lieu of tablecloth, two or three decrepit chairs, and an old safe, which did duty as sideboard. , Aima sank on the sofa exhausted, and would fain have relieved herself by tears, but refrained, fearing to vex her uinle. " Cheer up, child," said that gentleman, divesting himself of his overaoat. " A hot glass of brandy and water is what you want, and that you shall have in a minute. What is the meaning of that noise ?" he |sked. This question was addressed to one of the barmaids, who entered while he was speaking—a : young lady with brilliant,, beady black eyes,-very red cheeks and lips.-aad a mass of oily black hair, whioh towered at least a foot over the crown of her head, and thence descended, in a cascade of tight corkscrew curls, halfway to her waist. " It is a nugget,-' she replied in a mincing tone. " The Admiral's party have found a big nugget, and they're a-keeping it up in the ballroom. Would the young ladylike to take anything ?" "Yes, she would,"• replied the Professor, -sharply, " ~JL -glass of weak brandy and water hat, for her; and-a strong glass for myself. Look emart about it, if you please." The damsel looked unutterable things at the person who had the andacity to address her in each an unceremonious manner, and flounced ont of the room with a twist of the i skirt which narrowly escaped knocking the aggressor down. by their breath, whilst her car was oHenaea by many a muttered oath, and that horrille snoring and gnashing of teeth whioh attends the sleep of the drunkard. Later on, the house was opened by the landlord—himself very much the worse for the debanch—and then*, one by one, the sleepers arose, shivered, and staggered into the bar in search of a " pick-me-up." Mr. Johnson had been able to get to bed, and, after three or four hours sleep, made bis .appearance, app&r;^nilyf a fferi • glegs than might have been expected. He was evidently a seasoned vessel; for, after a brandy-andsoda, he was actually able to emoke a clay pipe, whilst breakfast was in course of preparation. Stephen Tredegar had prepared his niece for the appearance of this gaest at their table. He had risen early, and called Alma into the parlor, Iohgb before Mr. Johnson had opened his eyes. What he told the girl, it iB not neeessary to repeat—it was simply a lie, concocted ior a purpose, and it served that purpose—at least so far as concerning Alma, that, however objeotionable a person Mr. Johnson might bs, it was highly important that he should be fluttered and conciliated.' v The poor girl presided at the breakfaettable in a state of trepidation which threatened, at any moment, to culumicate in a burst of tears. Mr. Johnson was even more -objectionable than she had expected to find him. In the first place, he brought with him into the rbom an aroma of brandy and stale tobacco, which made her feel so sick that she was wholly unable'to Swallow a mouthful of food. Then he ate like a barbarian, using bis knife asif it had been a-fork, and thereafter helping himself to butter with the same 'implement. As for his conversation, it was more than offensive to the girl. His compliments were coarse, and accompanied by horrible leers, and lewd-glances, which even, •a child coHld nof misunderstand. Moreover he would talk. The Professor vainly strove to relieve his niece hy .taking upon his own shoulders the chief ^hare of the conversation; but Mr. Johnson could talk and eat at the same time, and thus enjoyed the advantage which he pushed to the uttermost; being, in point of fact, extremely well pleased with himself, and laboring under the hallucination that he wa& decidedly coming out strong, and making an impression. How long that meal endured,. Alma never knew. It seemed interminable—for Johnson was one of those happy individuals whose appetite is increased by copious potations, and >e had no idea of ceasing to eat as long as there was anything eatable left on the table. At last be looked around, and sighed the sigh of repletion, then he commenced to use his fork as a toothpick. Even the professor could not, however, stand this last -proceeding, and he , arose hastily, telling Alma to go to her room, and prepare to acoompany him for a walk. How gladly the girl took the hint and escaped may easily be conceived; but she was not suffered to depart without the promise of farther torture, ior Mr. Johnson, without rising,, intimated a desire, if she had no objection, to accompany^ her and her uncle in a stroll among the claims. , As,the door closed the Professor turned to Mr. Jihnson with a gravity; of manner which a veil impressed that individual, and caused him to ask uneasily—" What's up now ?" "Can we be overheard?" asked the Professor." " If we don't yell out, and there don't happen to be anybody listening at the door," replied Johnson, "I should say we can't. Especially as there is an infernal row going on as it is." Truth to say, a large number of the Bacchanalians of the previous night had by this time assembled in the bar, and, as they, were all still more or less intoxicated, the noise soon became deafening. " Mr. Johnson," began the Professor, " if I mistake-not, you have not always borne that name. The fork fell from the man's hand with a crash npon the table, and he stared, openmouthed, at the Professor, whilst % pale green tint seemed to spread itself over his face. " I think," continued the professor, " that you were fojrmerly known in London by the name of Thomas Sumner." Mr. Johnson took np the fork, and recommenced picking his teeth. " Well, sir," he said, "what then ? Many a man does not care to be known by his own. name on the diggings." This was said in a confident, defiant tone wholly at: variance with the-man's behaviour when first he had been accused of using an alias. The professor soored a point—he concluded at once that the gentleman before him had been known also by another name; and that there were circumstances attendant upon his hearing that name whioh made him dread its discovery. " Of coarse," g&id; the Professor, "it very often is desirable to conceal .one's identity. I merely asked the question, because I thought you mast be Thomas Simmer," (To be continued.yi Moscow has aever quite recovered from the fires which followed and put an end to the French occupation in 1812. Except upon certain -high- days and holidays, an air of languor hangs about the holy oity, which for many centuries -was Russia's actively-beating heart; Perhaps it is partly fox that very reason that it is far dearer to the Russian mind than St. Petersburg, the younger and more animated rival which has supplanted it. The city whioh Peter the great founded on the swampy islets at the mouth of the Neva fairly represents the force and energy ef the Bussiaa Government, the splendor of the nobles, the might of the military. But Moscow, with its hundreds of churches and shrines, its repose suggestive of some land where it is always Sunday afternoon, is far more in keeping with the ideas nearest to the heart of the Bussian people, more in harmony than the glittering Northern eapital with the deep devotion whioh the peasant feels towards the Church, and towards that fatherland with which the Church is in his mind so- intimately conneoted. From all parts of the empire, from the swampy homes of fever and plague where the Volga pours itself into the Caspian near Astrakhan, from the shores of the lakes and the shades of the forests lying far away northwards toward Archangel and the Arctio Ocean, from the rich " black soil" lands of the more genial South, and from the far-off settlements stretching away in progressive lines into Central Asia, there come bands of pilgrims, who wander from one shrine to another, visiting the spots which are to the Russian mind most dear and holy, and who return to their native villages with a vast store of religious experience, and with a reputation somewhat akin to that of the medieval palmer who had visited the holy places at Jerusalem. Such are the visitors whom we see standing before the porch of the Cathedral of St. Basil at Moscow. The men in rongh caps and sheep skin tun ir.s, with shoes made of lime-tree bark on their feet, their legs bound ttrand in the old Scythian or Sarmatian fashion, the women with handkerchiefs tied over their heads, all with wallets , slung around them and long pilgrim-staves in their hands, from very picturesque groups as they gather before church doors or in the courts and cloisters of the monasteries. A waterproof garment—The eoat of the toper's stomach. 