INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Br Srncui, Warn,— Fhom Our ComtBS- poniibnth." NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY. Thursday. At Bourko to-day tho boat registered 108 degroes in the shade. This morning another illicit still and plant in full work was seized by officers of tho Distil leries department at Darlington, ono of tho city suburbs. A woll known individual who reuted room was arrested. A deputation in connection with tho Trades and Labor Council has been appointed to lav beforo the Premier the views of tho Amalga mated Labor Leagues on tho subjected Chinese luhor. A committee reprosonting tlio sailing nnd rowiug clubs of Sydney baa been uoluctcd, &ub-; joct to approval, to mako arrangements for. the Uoutonnial Aquatic Celebration. Tbe Htenmship Sikh arrived to-day from Foo Chow direct, bringing 1100 tonu of tea for Auutralian purto. Tho Sydney consignment embraces 6058 package?, Tlio steamship Fijian brought to-day from tbe Now Hebrides the first direct shipment of timber from the Annietyum Baw Mill Com pany, coufifoting of 15,000 tect of lumber, a« uearly as possible akin in nature to kauri pine. A gold challco of colonial workmanship is to ho forwarded to Rome as a gift from the Australasian Holy Catholic Guild to tho Pops on the celebration of the 50th anniversary of his ordination as a priest. The chalice, which cost £150, will be sent by the Austral, togother with an address from Cardinal Morun, on behalf of all tho Roman Catholic bishops of Australia. The address is enclosed in a casket of colonial wood, uud mounted in gold and silver. A trial by a number of railway engineers and other professional men was made this afternoon of Lawronoo'fl patent alarm apparatus for Big- nailing (he continuity of railway brake pres sure. Tlio trials proved flntirJiictory. Messrs. Hounding and Ghost, two Sydney gentlemen, have written to tho Now South Wales Cricket Association, suggesting that a grand cricket carnival should bo held about tlio time of tho coutenary celebrations. They proposo that throo matches, for trophies valued nt £300— two in Sydnoy and tho third in Mel bourne— should bo played against a combined team pickod from tho two English olovens now in Australia. ALBUUY, Thursday. A case of accidental drowning occurrod in tho Murray this evening. Soiuo boys walking along the rivor'n bank paw a man swinuniug, who after some timo sank. Tho boys gavo tho alarm, aud tho body was subsequently re covered. Decoased bad apparently gono to bathe, and his clothing wns that of a man in prosperous circumstances. Tho body ivat not identified, but from Iho fact of there boing found a small parcel of tobacco in a printed bag bearing tho name of Levy, tobacconist, Molbourno, decoased is supposed to bo a visitor from Molbourno, arrivod to-day. Ho was apparently about 50 your of age. 