A Ghost Story. The following curious account, partaking some- what of the supernatural, was written by the Rev. Thomas Wilkins, curate" of Warblington, in 1695 : "At Warblington, near Havant, in Hampshire, within six miles of Portsmouth, in the parsonage house dwelt Thomas Pierce, the tenant, with his wife and a child, man servant, Thomas-, and a maid servant. About the beginning of August, anno 1605, on a Monday, about nine or ten at night, all being gone to bed except the maid with the child, the maid being in the kitchen, and having raked up the fire, took the candle in one hand and the child in the other arm, and, turning about, saw one in a black gown walking through the room, and thence out of the door into the orchard. Upon this the maid, hastening upstairs, having recovered but two steps, cried out, on which the master and mistress ran down and found the candle in her hand, she grasping the child about its neck with the other arm. She told them the reason of her crying out ; she would not that night tarry in the house, but removed to another belonging to one Harry Salter, farmer, where she cried out all night from the terror she was in ; and she could not be persuaded to go any more to the house upon any terms. "On the morrow (i.e., Tuesday) the tenant's wife came to me, lodging then at Havant, to desire my advice and have consult with some friends about it. I told her I thought it was a flam, and that they had a mind to abuse Mr. Brereton, the rector, whose house it was ; she desired me to come up ; I told her I would come up, and sit up or lie there as she pleased ; for then as to all stories of ghosts and apparitions I was an infidel. I went thither and sate up the Tuesday night with the tenant and his man servant. About twelve or one o'clock I searched all the rooms in the house to see if anybody were hid there to impose upon me .... and we then went down into the kitchen where we were before, and sate up there the remaining part of the night, and had no manner of disturbance. " Thursday night, the tenant and I lay in one room, and the man in another room, and he saw something walk along in a black gown, and place itself against a window, and there stood for some time, and then walked off. Friday morning, the man related this ; I asked him why he did not call me, and I told him I thought that was a trick or flam; he told me the reason why he did not call me was that he was unable to speak or move. Friday night we lay as before, and Saturday night, and had no disturbance either of the nights. " Sunday night, I lay by myself in one room (not that where the man saw the apparition), and the tenant and his man in one bed in another room ; and betwixt twelve and two the man heard something walk in their room at the bed's foot, whistling very well ; at last it came to the bedside, drew the curtain, and looked at them ; after some time it moved off ; then the man called to me, de- sired me to come, for there was something in the room went about whistling. I asked him whether he had any light, or could strike one ; he told me no. Then I leaped out of bed, and, not staying to put on my clothes, went out of my room, and along a gallery to the door, which I found locked and bolted ; I desired him to unlock the door, for I could not get in ; then he got out of bed and opened tho door, which was near, and went imme- diately to bed again. I went in three or four steps, and, it being a moonlight night, I saw the appari- tion move from the bedside, and clap up against the wall that divided their room and mine. I went and stood directly against it, within my arm's length of it, and asked it in the name of God what it was that made it come disturbing of us ? I stood some time expecting an answer; and, receiving none, and thinking it might be some fellow hid in the room to frighten me, I put out my arm to feel it, and my hand seemingly went through the body of it, and felt no manner of substance till it came to the wall ; then I drew back my hand, and still it was in the same place. Till now I had not the least fear, and even now had very little ; then I adjured it to tell me what it was. When I had said these words, it, keeping its back against the wall, moved gently towards the door ; I followed it, and it, going out the door, turned its back towards me. It went a little along the gallery. I followed it a little into the gallery, and it disap- peared where there was no corner for it to turn, and before it came to the end of the gallery where was the stairs. 