Concert at Rooty Mill. BY " JAPONICA." The concert in aid of the organ fund, St. Alban's Church, Rooty Hill came off as per adver tisement in Mr. Burdlekin's building on Saturday evening last, and was a marked success both artis- tically and financially. There were about two hundred present, and only for the heavy storm which came up at the most inconvenient season there would not have been standing room. The committee of management spared neither time nor trouble in trying to make it a success and their efforts were crowncd with a £15 house. The ex penses were only trifling as most every one gave time and material gratuitously, and the labor in fixing up the stage and surroundings was no small matter. The shed is an immense one, but the com mittee neatly boarded up the central portion which gave it a hall like appearance about thirty feet by eighty, and was splendidly illuminated with Chinese lanterns. The stage and proscenium was very neat and convenient. Messrs. Bowring, R, Curry, W. E. Goodin, and John Shand, junr., worked like niggers to have every thing in proper order. Our energetic member, Mr. S. E. Lees pre sided, and apologised for the non-attendance of Mr. S. Burdekin who was unavoidably absent. He also apologised for the absence of Miss A. Breeze, who unfortunately met with an accident the previous day. And now commenced the concert—Overture, by Mr. Massey, was performed in that gentleman's usual masterly style, and is beyond my unpro fessional criticism. . " Going to market," by Miss L. Breeze, was nicely rendered. This young lady possesses a sweet voice, with grace to match. It would be nice to go to market with her. A recita tion " In the Signal Box," by a gentleman amateur, was only fairly given, being too rapidly spoken, and with no force of action. It was well received however. The next was a song (I could not catch the name) sung by Mr. Robinson in a first rate voice, and was much applauded. " First in the Field," by Mr. J. I.Ferguson, was well rendered. "Twenty years ago," or something like that, by Miss E. Lamb, was very nicely sang. Miss L has a sweet musical voice. " Hooligan's Christmas Cake," by a gentleman amateur, was sung with great gusto and animation, and was uproariously applauded. Recitation " Look at the Clock," by Mr. J. R. Woodlands, was worried through in his usual ridiculous way, and fell flat as a gob of mud. " Broken Pitcher," by Mrs. Massey, was sweetly sang and much applauded. " Half Mast High," by Miss M. Goodin, was well rendered, and well reccived. Miss G's. voice is just a wee bit too strong for this song, " Tell her I love her," by Mr. W. McKay, was capitally rendered. She will be pleased to learn that he loves her, though he should go and tell her himself some evening before the moonlight is dim. "The clang of the Ham- mer," 'by Mr. Downs, was the male gem of the even ing, and brought down the house, and the end of the first part of the programme as well. " Gush- elpimps Patchwork," by a gentleman amateur, was delivered excellently, and was well appreciated. "Won't you buy my roses red,"'was rendered most sweetly by Mrs. Massey, but I don't think she will be able to sell her roses red, or white either, we have been to the wild flower show and are played out. "Over the hills from the poor house," a reci- tation, by Mr. C. Harris, was not a beautiful suc- cess. " No Fear," by a gentleman amateur, was given in first rate style, and was much applauded, " l'll await my love," by Mr. S. E. Cope, was given with great spirit. Mr. C. as a sentimental singist is a success, and 'tis to be hoped his love won't keep him waiting, it would be a pity if he should catch a cold.. " Scenes that are brightest," by Miss. L. Breeze, was deliciously rendered, and was the gem of the evening. This young lady possesses a voice sweeter than the harp that once through Tara's Halls and other harps. " Anchored," by Mr. W. McKay, was very nicely rendered, and most favorably received, " Somebody whispered so sweetly," by Mrs. Yates, was voiced exquisitely, and received with thanks. Yes, somebody does whisper so sweetly,Hark! I hear an angel sing, don't you. The laughable farce entitled "The Ghost," by Messrs. Smith,. Goodin, and Goodin, had one re deeming feature, and that was its briefness. The singing of the National Anthem brought a very enjoyable evening to a close. A very nice display of refreshments was provided for the ladies and gentlemen who took part in tho entertainment, and every one enjoyed themselves immensely. 