Maniacal Comments. BY SKIMMER. Port Pirie, September 6th. TO THS EDITOR. LOCAL COURT.- I was surprised to read in the Parliamentary news of the 24th inst. such a weak and paltry excuse against granting a local court at Petersburg. The remarks of Mr. Edmunds were from any one of ordinary sense, much less a judge, most unjust, and how he makes the cost to be £102 per annum will certainly be interesting—like your con- temporary's (" Terowie Enterprise") calcula- tions on the loop line costs, etc, there prob ably will be some slight inaccuracies, naturally leaning to his side. Evidently he is fearing more work tacked on to his present easy billet. It seems that if things were allowed by your townspeople to run of their own accord, Petersburg would stand a very poor chance of obtaining its rights. You must agitate. Happily it has a good and true friend in Mr. Ward and I hope he will go through the present debates with flying colors. I think the Attorney-General ought not to have asked for a report from the S.M, who— if he is like the rest of us frail creatures—is not partial to asking for extra duties. How ever, since he gave the report and we know the substance of it we may draw the follow- ing reasonable conclusion:-That if he does not bring forward greater evidence to sub- stantiate the statements which are con- tained in the said report, it will be vain to conceal the fact that, in the minds of lovers of fair play,grave distrust of his administration of the law will arise if such be a specimen of his methods of dispensing justice. LOOP LINE V. BROAD GAUGE.-The loop line racket seems to be exciting your next door neigbours to a surprising degree since the probability of the broad gauge extention to Petersburg evinced itself, which there is not the slightest doubt will be carried out. Both Mr. Howe and Mr. Caldwell are to be ap- plauded for the hearty manner in which they supported the motion and the opinions of two such substantial members of the house will go a long way towards carrying it through. I would like to call your attention to the meeting held at Lancelot last Tuesday week, a place seemingly much interested in the loop line. The meeting was continually in- terrupted by " a voice" the owner of which to say the least, made some very cowardly and silly attacks on Mr. Ward. Had I known "voice" when down at Parkside I should decidedly have addressed him as " brother." 'Refreshment Boom !" seemed to be the tenor of his vocal utterances and such idiotical repetitions of speech savor strongly of the public house bar which no doubt was the case seeing that one was so handy at the time. THE WANTS OF PETERSBURG. -Broad Gauge extension; Local Court; Overway Bridge—which we shall get when some un- fortunate gets run over; Better footpaths— At present a disgrace to a Corporate town; Metal on the back streets-Now a mill-pond in wet weather; Dilapidated iron shanties substituted by substantial buildings; A softly padded seat for the S.M. when he sits in Petersburg Local Court (I've too much work to do.) A few inhabitants to take a warmer interest in township matters; Re- porters to the dailies; Government workshops removed from Port Pirie; A few more grocery stores; An Agricultural Show, certainly—but by all accounts that seems improbable; A pound for stray cattle ; fencing completed—particularly in the main street; A new drop curtain in the Institute Hall ; The co-operation of all towns in this direction re broad gauge. LONDON NEEDLE WOMEN.— The women engaged in the shirt trade are to the full as ill off, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were their sisters in the day when Hood sang their sorrows and sufferings. The wo- man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. She soon becomes in very deed, The seamstress, lean and weary and wan, "With only the ghosts of garments on, who, In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sews at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Happily, many of the shirt hands are not wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle. Numbers of the married women of the poorer classes work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wages of their husbands and the additional income thus gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a week, sensibly increases the com- fort of the household. Considering the wretched prices paid for the work, the surpris- ing thing is that the women should earn even so much at it as some of them do. Take the button-holing— a leading branch of the work. The holes are rough punched in the factories the work of the outdoor hands being to stitch them round. This button-holing is admittedly " niggling" work, and yet the rate at which it is paid by the sweaters is a penny per dozen collars. As each collar has three holes, the hand, who finds her own needle and cotton, has to stitch thirty-six holes for a penny. Even so, some experts, by working long hours, by rising early in Summer mornings, and sit- ting late on Winter nights, by living on food that is "ready to be put in the mouth," chiefiy bread and butter, and eating as they work;- by acting on these lines some of the button- holers will earn as much as eight or nine shillings per week. LAUNCHING A CHINESE WAR JUNK.-It is very amusing to watch the ceremony of launching a Chinese war vessel. It is always a custom before a junk sails on any voyage to sacrifice a cock and sprinkle its blood on the bows of a vessel, amid much beating of gongs. Bat on this occasion a very especial blessing is invoked on the new undertaking and the court at Pekin sends its imperial commissioners to offer sacrfice, as the repre sentatives of the emperor. Two altars are therefore erected on board the new ship, one to the goddess of the river, the other to the goddess of heaven. To the former are sacri- ficed two goats and two pigs, and to the latter who has less to do with the shipping,only the heads of one pig and one goat. But quantities of joss paper, inscribed with prayers for good luck, are burnt on each altar, and showers of prayers on gilt paper are thrown into the sea to propitiate the sea dragon. Then amid deafening beating of gongs, firing of guns shouting and general uproar, the vessel glides into the river. 