&tzHk8.; 'Bhortk Sharp, Shiny.' Ali a wonder. Chicken cholera. Hurrah for copper. The great boatrace. Scenes in Queensland. Mayor Smith re elected. The Kangaroo victorious. Rise in wheat and copper. German Reichstag opened. Kemp has challenged Beach. Ex-Sheriff Newerwam is dead. Mr. Ridley was 81 years of age. Another fillip for the ruby boom. A sad death at Burford's factory. Ex- Police Sergeant Berrill is dead. Land to be surveyed near Willunga. A. T. Clark did not libel the Queen. Williamstown beekeepers indignant. Parnell running away from the Times. The Ostrich Company doing pretty well. Victoria will play us at cricket in March. A water famine on the Croydon goldfield. Orchids in bloom at the Botanic Gardens. A new marvel of Toddy Hudson's — 'AIL France does not want a military President. Nonunion shearers blockaded in Victoria. An Exhibition constable looking after ghosts. Sir 'Enry Parkes has been talking heroic rot. Ten thousand people watched the boat race. Hanlan beaten by Beach for the third time. Copper mining stock is now being enquired for. Hanlan won't admit that Beach is a better man. Big centennial regatta at Melbourne next year. December 26, 27, and 28 Government holi days. Good news about the MacDonnell Range rubies. _ Nesbit's tanning process tried at Hind marsh. A temperance hotel in the. Chafiey irrigation colony. The automaton 'Ali' drawing like sticking plaster. The Eatl and Countess of Carnarvon have arrived. Dr. Dale has given his farewell address in Sydnty. A desperate race, but the Kangaroo unvan quiehed. Paris wants the colonies to show at her Ex hibition. Another plot by the Clan-na-Gael dis covered.I 'Australia for the Australian?,' not for the Chinese. A home of domestic instruction ia being founded. Bishop Kennion 'thanks God and takes courage.' , Excursion fares to Melbourne during the holiday;. England supports the Central European Alliance. A narrow escape for those shearers at Turn berumba. Mrtcham Tramway pays a dividend of Is. Gd. ptr sbaie. Mr. Henry Taylor was crushed on his land proposals. Nine new comets were observed during the year 1SSG. D. C. F. Mocdie chastised the wrong man in Melbourne. P&iKon;'s rubies valued by London brokers at £20,000. An enthusiastic anti-Chinese meeting in the Town HalL Stars-acd-Stripes Jenkins is a full-blown mayor now. Blindness is increasing at an alarming rate in America, Mr. John Ridley, the inventor of the strip per, is dead. The Audit Commissioners go for the Stores Corcmiseion. Beach looked more distressed than Hanlan at the finish. The Sydney boys defeated Vernon's team by nine wickets. Incomers into colony exceeded outgoers by 40 IaBt week. Sir Samuel Griffith withdraws the Naval Defence Bill. Parkes talks nonsense, and fondly believes it is eloquence. Getmany's policy is to cultivate peace with other Powers. Lotd Carnarvon always says something worth thinking over. The mother of General Boulanger was a Welshwoman. Even Parkes cannot go against Australian public opinion. The anti- Chinese deputation found a sympa thetic Premier. Prince Alfred College beat St. Peter's College by two lengths, Mr. McMinnies, our late Professor of Agri culture, is dead. Victoria is having great fun at the expense of the cornstalks. The old version of the Bible contains 3,556,460 letters. The centenary of Australia is to be cele brated in London. Another tramway suggested from Broken Hill to Ccckburn. The German Crown Prince is in wonderful health and spirits. Reaping reports from Redhill give 15 to 25 buthels to the acre. Another difficulty in connection with the ocean mail service. Bishop Kennion stands for re-election to the University council. Thejsonvict Hughes is to have 3G lashes and three years in irons. Parkes said to be going to kindly leave Aus tralia to Australia. Joe Wheatley has won the quoit champion ship of the colony. Way Lee proteets against a protective poll tax on the Chinese. Do the people of Riverina want to be an nexed by Victoria ? The first century of the Eeaaon made by Craigie on the Oval. The Canadian has once more had the blow knocked out of him. Gold reefs run right through West Australia from north to south. Way Lee had pluck enough to attend the anti Chinese meeting. Centennial band contest and musical festival in Sydney in January. Messrs. Santo and Cavenagh are now honor able within the colony. Mr. T. G. Pleydell going to London f jr the Bank of New Zealand. General Owen thoroughly believes in the Special Drill Company. Sir Julius Vogel says he won't accept office again except as Premier. The New South Wales Centenary State House will cost £150,000. 'Thank God we can stand alone,' Thus the arch- humbug Parkes. Alderman Shaw will lose nothing by tbe courtesy he has exhibited. The dynamiters caught red-handed in Lon don have been remanded. Mr. Cotton should stick to writing letters, and keep off the platform. M. Pasteur suggests chicken cholera as a remedy for the rabbit pest. Mrs. Langtry's 7,000 acreB of California land cost her just 100,000 dollars. Two astonished peelers listening to communi cations from another world. The Czar has sent copies of the forged dis patches to Prince Bismarck. Lord Rosebery and Lord Onslow will attend the banquet to Mr. Service. . . They are trying to arrange another match between Beach and Hanlan. Victoria's Berry protests against Parkes grabbing the name Australia. Mr. Cuthberteon found mahogany trees and pineB in British New Guinea. Special working classes for farmers' sons to be established at Roseworthy, Princess Clementina trying to Btir up a war between Russia and Germany. Broken Hill indignant at the proposal to wind up the Day Dream mine. Fanners wanted to Bend horsehair to the Industrial School for the Blind. Government eendB a Customs officer to Sil verton to look after drawbacks. Parties going out daily to the Lake Deborah goldfields in Western Australia. Bishop Kennion is at a loss to know why so much kindness is shown to him. The Marquis of Salisbury advocates local Government reform in England. Forged documents nearly produced a great row between Russia and Germany. The latest ' filantbropic fad.' A home in which to teach slaveys their duties, Lord Carnarvon says Australia is taking her place among the family of nations. An unfavorable impression created by the German ' speech from the throne.' Mr. Cohen thinks Australia should present a united front on the Chinese question. The chairman o! the Town Hall meeting Bat down on land nationalisation Taylor. New Zealand Government shelves the con sideration of the tariff till nest session. Union and non-union shearers in the Cata tnnt West district are having a big row. Lord Dunraven admits that tne movement for fiscal reform is ripening in England. A meeting of Conservatives in Oxford have carried a motion in favor of fiscal reform. Wheat and copper rising, and Australia has won tbe boat race. This is too much joy. How can the people of New South Wales tolerate such a gilded old sham &b; Parkes 3 ' England would have to make France keep her engagements' — that's Lord Carnarvon. Mr. Zeal wants the name of Melbourne changed to tbe Empire City of Australasia. Melbourne Exhibition supported by the English Associated Chambers of Commerce. Bishop Kennion will leave Adelaide at the end of February and be absent nine months. It is claimed for the Nepean that it is the finest and fairest aquatic course ia the world. The Williamstown beekeepers are rather late . in the day. The Foul Brood Bill has p»s »d. Mr. P. T. S. Parfitt coming from Fiji to rracoge the Back of New Zj,»l»nd, Adelaide. 