fanner .Housing Show Cattle. Omfnrtyble «n<i roomy quarters arc ospontinl in ^vcpuriji-j: cattle for nWr. Stall "fecilin^ is not the '"est system f«»r show .iniiu.-ils. Clean wt'll- hsiired beasts do not usually conn- out of stalls. Perfection in co.u is h diHicult point to attain, but when it ifi accomplished it coea a long way in favor of the animal possessing it. It is, indeed, a raro possosaion, only a very few of tho cattle shown at even our national shows beini: perfect in their coats. Inordinary fattening for tho butcher, stall-feedinu' is no doubt as good as any other plan, but for show purposes laying on flesh is not tho only point aimed at— the afteT health and bloom of tho animal has to be considered. It takes a full year, sometimes more, to fit cattle for the show yard, and to confino tho animals by tho head or neck for that period is not tho way to accomplish tho desired end. Freedom to move about, or lie down clean and comfortablo, can only bo afforded them in a dry, roomy loose box. The superficial area required from the calf to the aged bull will range from 50 to 200 feet, according to the amount of out-door exercise available, and in the house each beast requires from 650 feet to 800 cubic feet of breathing space. Cattle not intended for breeding purposes may be very closely confined superficially for the period of on© year without injury to their health ; but there are more breeding animals rained from want of room or escrciso than from over-feeding. It is very hard to injure a horso by high feeding when the work is heavy, and tho same law applies to cattle. Moderate exercise at the expense of a certain waste of food is good economy. Temperature is a great element in cattle feeding. The natural heat of the animal ranges from 70 to SO degrees. A. thermometer in tho barn will indicate the temperature, and the nearer it averages the normal heat of the animal the greater the economy of the food consumed. When tho outside atmosphere varies from, say, freezing up to 100 deg. Fahr., then there is a difficulty in maintaining the medium. In very cold weather the heat of the byre can be raised, by closed doors and ventilators, but when the temperature is raised by the constant breathing of the same air, the health of the animal is endangered. All under-currents or draughts should be excluded, and in no case should tho upper or roof ventilators be entirely closed. Impure air takes an upward course, and the ventilators, if they are of right construction, will both, allow the exit and entrance of sufficient fresh air without reducing the temperature suddenly or irregularly. In hot days the doors can be opened, or partly so, as the thermometer will instruct; and after that the only means of cooling .the air is by refrigeration, which, of course, would cost too much to admit of its use in. cattle-feeding. The best that can be done, is to have the byres or sheds properly ven- : tainted and equally free from draughts, which will allow of alteration when necessary. An excess of liglit under cover is toije avoided in the case of fattening cattle: 1 Young growing cattle intended for breed-: purposes cannot vety weU have'tM when the temperature .of the atmospherfe . is low. After the surrounding air becomes heated iiie'direct rays of the sun -cairfbe dispensed' with. There is, howevef,7hb artificial heat, such as we provide wifchr shelter, clothing, and fires, equal tothe^ sunheat for health giving properties. We 7 can produce a greater beat than we derive from the sun, but in the means we employ: to attain it the air is certain to become ; more or less vitiated. When we get light ; and heat from the sun it is pure and ^en-i' uine, altogether different from anything' wo can manufacture. This is the reason; why the lamb that is reared in the light of the sun is so much healthier than the one; raised in houBe with the aid of theato* ' fihying Horses are Hear-Sighteo.—• " Why it is that shying in horses should be! 6et down to an ugly disposition ! don't i know,*'vsaid a prominent "veterinary surgeon/] "•It must be because horsemen don't know* what else to lay it to. The fact is that ltis ; ' seldom met with unless the horse is nearsighted. I have tested scores of shying horses, 'for near sightedness, and in nearly all -cases f * found what 1 expected. And now when X am asked to give points on buying hones ll gire this as one of tberequiflitea: Over buy: a horse, that is near- sighted. There are, how*'; ever, two exceptions to this rule, if^ihe; . horse is to have ainate, then it doesn't snake! any difference about the sight. One'&osei; can go blind if the other is clear-sighted. If I the horse is to be UBed for riding to saddlefcel careful that he is not near-sighted, *fpr -be! will throw yon sooner or later. . •.'.••..» ".The reason why a near-sighted horse! shies is very simple," the surgeon continued. " Of all animals the hone is the most gentle,! and even timid. He sees a strange object, and:bis susceptible mind magnifies it into-b monster tbat is going to destroy him. <A apiece of white paper in the roadside at night is a ghost, and an old waggon in the ditch 1b' a dragon. Every horseman knows that if yon drive the animal close to the dreadful' objcct the ammal.cools down at once. It iB supposed that.it is because the horse:makes & closer acquaintance with the object. That; is tiuo but not in the sense in which it'^ls generally understood. The animal has.riot been able to see it from a distance. He iis near-sighted. Horses and. Their Drivers —it has often occurred to me that the utility, and age of horses are seriously affected .and shortened by the thoughtless action of drivers. < It is but too common a practice, when-a; horse is rising a hill,or when,perhaps,in ; ihe middle of n hill, fora driver to .make asudden; slash with the whip. This, with a spiritedhorse, is followed by a sudden boend in response to the unexpected call upon its. powers, possibly powers that were at .the time at the extreme limit of tension. Apply, this test to a human being, and anyone. Trotild naturally infer that its general -effect wocld result in rapture, greater or.less, of internal organs, or sprain of some joint. Can; we wonder if the same result follows in.a' boree, especially when the treatment is con-; .tinned day after day the year throughout?/ • Under such circumstances, the wonder is that any horse escapes serious. inj ary, andwemay • <nnturally infer that a large proportion of horses are thus rendered comparatively value-; less, and their lives shortened. - With ahorse;' ' drawing a load, whether in conveyance,cart, or saddle, any call for greater Exertion, \- should be made what I may call gradually, that is, tbe animal eh on Id first be made-aware of- ;what is required irom it -by the Voicc pre- \- ceding;tbe whip, and not the whip -the voice. -JJat there ate few horses -that have been -properly broken batVillreepond to the voice, -rendering the application of 'the whip unnecessary. drivers would bat givc.atteniiaon to this apparently simple matterpl .feel; '&8Bnred>that the working age of horses would: >be'-sensibly:-lengthened, .and -many valuable; -animals vwould be saved from yinjory.&at;, xenden.fthem all -but .valueless to their; .ownerB. '..'.:•.-. ^Coming^ome at 2 a m. heiounaius •yrife-dressed in deep black, andinquired .thc reason. 'vMonniing 'for myjate^usband, 4 ' replied, • , 