,. The Law Courts. MAGISTRATES' COURT, GAWLER. Mondat, Mabch 21. [Before Mr. J. Rudall, S.WL] ; . IFiBtom Charletworth, a small boj; of Willaston, was charged with maUoiously damaging tbe personal property of Ann Tulljr to the extent of £3, Mewh 1% by out ting the wires of a fence, and also cutting the bark off a tree. ,..-.-. ?? - Ann Tully deposed that on Maroh 16 she saw defendant, between 7 and 8 o'clock in the morning, cutting the bark off a tree on tier land with an axe. She saw theiresh cut bark on the ground, and also noticed the two top wires of her fenoe out Had seen the defendant taking bark before. She esti mated the damages at £3. To the defen dant's mother.— Saw the defendant cut the Frank Busbridge deposed— On March 1(S saw the defendant down the river. Did not .see him strip the tree. He had an axe in his hand, and also had a wheelbarrow. He Chopped off a dead log. She came towards the defendant. The stump was on Mis. Tully's side. Witness saw the bark off a living tree. To defendant's mother.— Did not see her boy cutting the tree or fence. Case dismissed without costs. .... .... Andrew Brophy was informed against as being a pauper, and deemed to be a lanatic, Margaret Brophy, wife of the defendant, deposed that she oould get no rest at night, as her husband, walked about with a candle. He had put her daughter, and herself, ont of the house, and said he was king of Teetulpa. It was three weeks since he first appeared strange in his manner. On the Saturday previous to the complaint - he had some drink, but had none since. He fancied he -had a lot of chickens, and had made reference to a lawsuit he had. He took bis food by himself, and his sleep' was very in termittent. He did not threaten witness, only told her to dear out. -?-'.. ?- At this stage the case was adjourned for one week.' ' ' -, .; , ' ;' ' ' ' ._ ''' An urchin remarked .that the principal branch of education in his school was the willow branch; the teacher having used ; up nearly a whole tree. '...'.' . ?' M I should have no objection, 'said a hen pecked husband, 'to my wife bavins the last word, if I could only be assured that it would be the very laBt.' ? ,, . . Julia (agedsix) i -?'. We've got a new baby at our house.' Clara (aged six) : ?? What is it— a boy or a girl. f Julia: 'Oh, we don't know yet. We've only had it two daysl' ' ?;? . Honest Tom Playford has to seek fresh; political pastures. The ghost :;of Thow pursues hun.. . * ' .' 