FRAGMENTS OF FUN. Woman is mortally afraid of a mouse, they may. but a moustache doesn't Icare her a Don't call a very large, strong; sinewy man a prevaricator. If you are sre he is a prevari cator hire another man to break the news to him. "Wilt thou have me, Sarah?' said a young man to a modest girl. " No, John," said the girl, " bat you may have me, if you will." Smith, with effusion: Hello, Brown, Is that you? I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with sadness : No; it was my brother. Smith, thoughtlessly : What apity ! Merchant: Well, porter, I wantyou to tell me all that happened during my absence. Here's a dollar for you. Poter : The boys promised me two dollars if I wouldn't say a word. " I wish you would pays little attention to what Iam saying, sir," roared a lawyer to an exasperating witness be was examining Well. I am paying as little attention as I can," was the calm reply. " Who." said a member of the Canadian House of Commons, to the members who were trying to choke him off, " who brayed there?' " It was an echo," retorted a member, amid a yell of delight. " In the sentence-' John strikes Wil liam', " asked a school teacher in a mannfac. taring town, " what is the object of 'strikes' 1' " Higher wages and shorter time," promptly replied an intelligent pupil " I don't IPke these shoes," said a lady ens tomer, " because the soles are too thick." " Is that the only objection ?' blandly asked the bootmakesr. "Ye," was the reply. " Then, madam, if you take the shoes. I can assare you the objection will gradually wear away." " What is that big iron thing full of holes '" " A locomotive boiler," said Tom. Laura looked thoughtful After a moment's silence, she asked: " Why do they boil locoo motives?" Tomlooked amased. "To make make tender," no said slowly. Collector to servant girl: Is Mr. Jonesin? Servant : o. he is ont. C.: That's a fib I *saw him enter here a minute ago. S. G I tell you he'e out. C.: I say he's not out he's in. S. 6.: Well, he's outof money, and' that out is enough for you, anyway. And it was. Boston Hostess: Did you not think the allegro movement of that concerto by Bee' shoven most inspiring Friend, from the West: Stunning I And wasn't Mr. Beethoven himself perfectly elegantl Such lovely whiskers. I do wish he d play again I " Mary, here's an advertisement in the paper that I think I'd better answer." " What is is for. John r' " Why, it says, ' a' good setter dog for sale, by Edward Smith.'"' " Well, what do you want of a setter oo., John ' "Oh, I danno, only I thought it might do to watch the house atnight; and as it is a setter, we could use him on the eggs. during the day.' At the Consret.-Young Candid: Did yon ever hear such horribly discordant, ear. pltting, infernal -. Old Iroudfunt: ,r-r-r I That's my eldest daughter, and--. Young Candid: I repeat, sir, such infernal clatter as the idiots behind us are making. Why. I can't hear a word of the song. An Australian prelate, on his first journey around, was lung into the deep mud by a rra ire horse. Rising ruefully, with his chaplain's help, and surveying the place, the hishop coneoled himself with the reflection : ' I have left a deep impression in t hat part of the diocese, at any rate." .A very deaf Boston man has a charming wife and a cross dog. One.morning a friend maet him and said : " Good morning, Mr. Blank. Your wife made a very pleasant call on as last evening." " I'm very Sorry," was 'he startling answer of the deaf citizen, " I'll see that it doesn'tocoar ajain. I'm going to chain her up after this." A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast iamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook : O,,e lamb." "Great behtt, mister." cried the countryman. " I can't eat a haull lamb; timme some fried oysters i.stead." " One fried." bawled the waiter. '" Well, Metbu selah's ghost I Mister, one fried oysterhain't oain' to be enough. Gemme a dosen of 'em. Dnam these city eatin' places I" Barber, to cnstomerin chair: Yon're quite bald, sir. Customer: Yep Barber: Young man, too. Customer: Yap. Barber: Wear yoar hat too muah. -Customer: Nop, Barber: Ran in the family ? Customer : Nop. Barber: Rooteof the hairdeseeasmd Customer: N,,p. Barber: Fever? Customer : Nop. Barber: Er-wife? 'Customer: Nop. Barber, desperately: What canued that baldness? Customer: Barber's preveatative. 