Chapter VII, Tho Rector and Air. Tressilian camotlio next day to dinner, and ware both very pleasant. Frank Tressilian was not exactly handsome, but his face hail an expression of truthfulness and frank kindness which won confidence and liking at once. He was of great height and very powerfully built ; but his manner wns gontlo in tlic extreme, and his voice had just a tone of Dorothy Wynn's in it. Ho was fairly' well read, and had 'Teat humour ; ho, tho Rector, and Douglas kept tip such an amusing1 conversation that I lingered after dinner longer than usual, and had been only a fow uiinnles in tho drawing room when Mr. Tressilian joined me. I had told him of Dorothy's invitation before wo went in to dinner. 'You nre in good time,' I remarked. 1 Miss Wynn will be pleased to see as so soon.' ' Poor girl,' ho said, tenderly, ' she is very much to be pitied, Miss Ashton.' ' Indeed she is. I only wish that we could persuade hor to live with us, instead of passing her lifo like a nun. But perhaps, when she has recovered a little from her present sorrow, she will become more sociable. She was much attached, I find, to Mrs. Lloyd.' ' She has good reason to bo1!' he exclaiinod. f You cannot imagino, Mies Ashton, what that dear old lady was — so benevolent, so wise, and so unhappy.' ' Unhappy/' ' Yes ; she hud survived all her near and dear relatives ; and her lifo wus a long but j horoically-endured sorrow To Dorothy nnd ! myself, both orphans, she wa? a mother.' 'Yet her will, with regard to Miss.Wyiin, wns hy no menus maternal,' I fluid, with sumo slight sarcasm. ' It does not appear so, But wo filial! sec by-and-by. Mrs. Lloyd was so wise, nnd had such a vnst oxpcrieuco of life, that one may put faith in her judgment'.' Whilst this conversation wont on we had bean walking across the hall in. tho direction of Dorothy's apartments. As wo wore about to open the door into her wing', 1 suddenly saw Winifred Jonos's pretty face peering round a cornor of tho passage wall. . 1 Winifred,' I called, ' what are you doing thoro V . . ? ' ' J have been to auk Miss Wynn if I could do anything fur hor this o von ing, ma'nm, as Nest told me elm .was expecting comimuy,' was tho roply ; 'but I think Miss Wynn ia out, for I ,cnn't muko her hear. Oh, hero iB Nest I' A.nd sho withdraw. .Nost bustled forward, dropped u curtsey, and spoko in WoIrIi to my companion ' Sho says Miss Wynn is oxp/Joting us,' explained Trossilinn to mo. ' Lead tho way, Nosi.' And Neat preceded us up tho passage and staircase, .paused at tho door of Dorothy's suite of rooms, drew a small silver whistle from her pocket and blow it. Dorothy opened the door. I confess I wa.s much astonished at this mode of seeking ingress, but I said nothing al'out^ it, lest ii might vex the poor pale girl who, in her floating black robes,; stood, there, whiter than usual, with her ominous red lips. She extended her hand to Tressilian--lie took it, and spoko kindly to her. Then sho led us through the ante-rooom into her octagon parlour. It was lighted up with numerous wax-candles, and lind a. faint perfume of roses in it from a large bouquet on the table, for which she thanked Frank. ' It is so good of my cousin,1 fIio explained to me — 'he constantly sends me fruits and flowers ; indeed, with your (rifts nnd his, I am almost over-rich.' Here Nest brought in a tiny tea-equipage, with cups of coffee, and cake and bread and butter. We each took a cup, and I observed that I had never tast'od ' such delicious coffee. ' Dorothy is famous for it,' said '' Frank, smiling at her. ' Poor Mrs. Lloyd let. uo one make it for her but Dolly.1 Dorothy's lip quivered for a moment, nnd I thought the palo face grew, if possible, paler. I hastened to'tiirn the subject. ' And now,' I asked, ' I want to know, Mr. Trossilian, why you stared at me . in such a very rude way at the theatre on the first night. I saw you'?1 Tressilian coloured deeply, and lookeil confused. ' Rudely V he said. ' Really, Miss Aoliton, I did not mean to be rude ; nor did I thiuk you would notice that *I looked at you. I beg your pardon if I annoyed you.' ' But why did you look at nic so earnestly ?' I asked. ??? '- ......... He laughed. 1 If you consult your looking-glass, you may gues-,' he said, slill colouring. ' Oh, nonsense ! Pretty girls are plenti ful enough in Ireland. You did not stare at my beauty. I hoard j'ou say, as wo went out of the theatre, that I was like a gliost. Now you could not have spoken meta phorically, because I have a great deal of colour. Am I really like some apparition you have seen V , : He looked very much* embarrassed now. ' I have tried to explain to Miss Asliion,' said Dorothy, in her cnlin, full tones, ' that it is possible you may hnvc thought her like the Blue Lady.' Frank looked relieved. ' Well,' he said, ' that was just what I did think. For, though Dorothy and others have laughed the story to scorn, I certninly did once see a ghost like that picture ; nnd tho way your hair was drrssed, and the expression of your face, aro certainly like those of the Blue Lady.' ' Douglas says ho sees a resemblance also to the picture, which is singular, as sho was no relative of onrs that wo know of,' I remarked. ' She was half-sister to Mrs. Lloyd,' said Frank. 'Indeed; then that explains it. Mrs. Lloyd was my grandfather's stepdaughter; her half-siBter must have been my great aunt. But why is she a ghost V ' I can't tell,' said Frank ;' I only know that she once visited my slumbers when I was n boy.' ' Do tell me about it !' I urged, settling myself, coffee-cup in hand, in my ensy-chair for a delightful ghost-story ? ' Well,' * ho said, 'you know I was an orphan with a small fortune, and Mrs. Lloyd was my guardian ; and whon I was at school I used to come down hero for my holidays. I slept 'in a little room on the ground-floor, because I liked to get up early to fish, and could let myself out of the window before the servants even were up. I was 'a lad of about thirteen then. One night I was awakened by a noise of rustling in tho room, and there stood, in the full moonlight— for I had opened the shutters, and drawn the curtains nnd blinds back, in order to wake at the earliest peep of duwn — a lady dressed in b!ito, I don't know of what material, but it wns a flontin'g robe^ and she was exactly like the picture; and yet not like it, for she was while as death— — and — and — ' — he paused a little—' I fancied I could see the moonlight through her.' ' How awful !' I said, shuddering. There was a short' pause, and then Dorothy said, in that same hard tone I had distinguished in her voice onco before — ' Frank, it wns a dream.' 'Dorothy, it really was not,' was the emphatic reply. ' You had heard of tho Plas Madoc ghost, or so areamea ot it. ' Is there a ghost as well as a mysterious room ?' I asked. 'It is said so,' replied Dorothy, with indifference; but she .looked keenly at mo, nnd I noticed that she did, and remembered it afterwards. ' But why does this lady haunt the house ?' 'i :-'.-. ' Who can tell ? ! I don't protend to know the secrets of ghostdom,' said Dorothy, scornfully. ???;.?? .'Dorothy is always vexed whon I toll this story,' remarked Frank to me. ' Sho is a very strong-minded woman. She can't believe in spirits.' . ? 'Yet,' I said, .hesitatingly, 'I thought Roman .JOflth.bIi.es had great faith in super natural appearances.' . ?' Som/i supernatural appearances/ allowed Dorothy— r' not in vulgar tales, of ghosts. Tho idea is preposterous. Why should a ghost causelessly haunt a house for centuries ?' .-? ? 'Perhaps as a perpetual warniug,1 I said, laughing. . ' It must bo unpleasant for tho ghost,' murmured Mr. Tressilian, 'But pray go on,' I entrenteii 'What becamo, of your apparition ?' ? Sho disappeared. She went through tho wall,' laughed Frank. : 1 Now why should sho havo como from the unknown land only to frighten a silly school boy V asked Dorothy, '- A vnst thoro!' oxclnimed hor cousin. 'I ilidu't sny I was frightened ; I really was not.1 . 'Did you npoalcto hor?' I asked, Ironth le.ssly. .'You know ghosts onn't speak .inlasa t^j.oy nro spokon to.' 'Liko good cliildron,' snecrod Dorothy, uppjng hor .coffoo. ' ?'I called out, ' Hollo' said Frank, but ilifi didn't .answer. Sho just walked through 4ie wall on tho otlior side of my bed.' ' How do you kuu\y that/' 1 asked. . I ' She passed round there, find I 'was' so far from .being frightened that I jumped out of bed and wont after her ;'? but she wus gone, and there wos nothing but a blank wall.' ' Can you really believe suclv nonsenso, Miss Asliton?' asked Dorothy. 'Don't yon see it was a dream ? Frank had been look ing at the picture, which had always, he allows, a strange charm for him— he says; it is the loveliest face ho lms ever seen — and he went to bed and dreamed of it? Neither Frank nor I spoke a word in reply. My face flamed — was it with gratih'pd vanity ?— nnd he: did not look nt all composed. Dorothy gliiured at her watch. 'lam sorry,': she . said, ' to l-e rude or inhospitable, hut it is ten o'clock, and Mr. Ashton nnd the Rector by this time arc no doubt beginning to wonder where you are.' We took the hint and rose. Frank made me tako hold of his arm going down the badly-lighted stairs, and I li-lt qnito happy and sale leaning on it. Mentally J snid to myself, 'Ho is worth n. dozen of, his cousin.' Wo found the Rector and Douglas in the drawing-room, and I instantly took iny place at the ten-tray, which was waiting for me. ' I hopo Miss Wynn is well ?' said the Rector. Wns I mistaken, or did Frank Trossilisin's bright face. cloud over tit the question ? ' Sho is quite well, thanks,' he replied^ n little stiffly. Alter tea wo had a little music, and Frauk Tressilian sang to us. lie had a sweet tenor voice of great compass, and sang with tnstc' ami' fooling. When our guests had departed, DoiijjIhs turned to me with n smile, and 'said— : 'We have very pleasant ? neighbours in our Rector nnd Mr. Tressilian, Imogen, have we not?' '° ' , ?'.'.'??'.'? I gave a ready assent. My ghost-seer wns even ninuro .delightful acquaintance iliau I had expected ho would 'lie. ' ; 