Humour. Sign for a restaurant. " Old pie in here" (old pioneer). Drop a brick upon the musical mid night cat, and that is a brick kil'n'. The colonial wood-dealer is always ly ing in weight to cheat his customers. Parliamentary procedure in New South Wales—The members proceed out to have it out. A horse bolted with Beach the other <lay; the champion says it was the hardest race he ever rode. The other day a young woman wrote from Albury, where she had been in ser vice for some time, to her parents in Richmond, telling them that she had got married, and enclosing a lock of her hus band's hair. Her father sent the wool back by the next post, with word saying that no doubt the poor fellow would need it before the summer comes round. An aboriginal has started a grog shanty on one of the railway lines under con struction in a sister colony. He is fight ing the white fellow with his own wea pons. A ghost's garment is a shroud of mys tery. Strange as it may seem, when money is •close it is very difficult to get near it. Fish is good brain food, but it does seem a pity, in some cases, to waste so much fish. " Johnny, have you a paternal Govern ment at your house ?" Johnny—" We have son. I've seen papa turn all the -children over his knee." On the rolling deep.—First passenger— "" Well, old boy, what's up this after noon?" Second Passenger—"All but the soup." Stranger (entering a photograph gal lery in haste)—" I say, do you make ne gatives here ?" Photographer — " Yes ; do you want to sit ?" Stranger—" No." A barrister, noticing that the court had gone to sleep, stopped short in the mid dle of his speech. The sudden silence awoke the judges, and the lawyer gravely resumed—"As I remarked yesterday, my lords—" The puzzled judges stared, ■as though they half believed they had been asleep since the previous day. Conversation overheard one afternoon between two servants—" Of course, be cause I wanted to get out out, dinner was late; it was a quarter past three before master had finished carving for the nursery; so I took the three children, stood them up in a row, and washed their faces all together, or I could not have got out." Mrs. Parson Spire—" My dear, why don't you preach a sermon on woman's extravagance?" Parson Spire—"What are tliey doing now ?" " Why, the paper says the new fashionable buttons cost two pounds a dozen" " They do ?" " Yes, | and I know it's absolutely wicked. " No, no ; it's all right. I only wish the but tons I find in the contribution plate now ■were worth as much." " I never shot a bird in my life," said someone to a friend, who replied, " For my part, I never shot anything in the shape of a bird, except a 'possum, which I killed with a stone, when it fell into the river and was drowned." Our friend Primus Tucker has a dog that he calls "Illogical Inference," be cause it dosen't follow. 