; " ! . . tlriO ; v i P & -V n>3 -is O S pSiB L, 11 ' - ; - ? !""i j fif! n [?] Too Re v. Dr. Dale preacb&dfcr;! he. first tiu,e ia Melbourne in Ci>liias;a toar. 1" 'e- paodept Church oa Bnuday .mqrnincr, the 2ud iusc. He olioee for his text Sc. Eaabeds Christ bi-?d for our sice "—I. Car xy.t 8. : THE GOSPEL JBAUL PREACHED. ,. la the early v j ses of . , this chap : er, he s&ici;, we have an accyiain) . of "the .sub-? stance of Paul's "preachlig. "This. "is tee Goap.-l which he had preached 'too ths CoriathiatiB, which they had received,- and by whicb, if they held it fast, they were saved. The account' is absolutely trust- worthy It is > from. Paulfa owu hand Bot the hand cf another.' If- ' we- want to learn what be mB&nt; when he spoke o: tbe Gospel, which is the power of .God unto salvation, the authority of these Verses!. is final. He mentions only those truths, thoee facts, which held tbe first rank in hit preach ing; and of these be gives tbe firt placfe to this : Christ diedfor tmrsinS. And this agrees- with what he has said earlier in the epistle, " Jews ask for sigoe, and Greeks seek after wisdom, but we preach Christ '-add riot Christ merely, but " Christ hrUcified/' and "C/htist is the pjwer of God and the wisdom 'of God.' GETHSKMANE. AH tbe four evangelists givaa greatplade to our Lord's last sufferings and if yob , think deeply on the agnny of Gethsemane, on thaferribfe and unique circumstances of the conspiracy against t he life, the betrayal, th 9 arrest the ctuciixion, and on the words on the cross, you w 11 find in them elements of. an awfn misery— a mystery which finds its only soffi cient explanation ia the declarations that H« bid do wn His life for His friends, and gave His life a ransom for many, and that Hip blood wr.s shed for the remission of sins. FACTS ASD DOCTRINE INTERLOCKED. The facts contained in the four Gospels are ihe root of the doctiinemore explicitly set forth ia the epistles. He died for us ; He was delivered for . our trespasses; He suffered for our sine; He died for our sin. Fact and doctrine are inseparably interlocked. Thorn parta;ofepur Lord's eanhly history which are given in the minutest detail in the four Gospels contain the great truth that He was the sacrifice f or tbe sin of the world, This was not the only great truth that Paul preached ; but wg have it ou bia own authority that to this he gave the first place. I find here a teat of .Christian preaching in all churches and in all ages. THE SUPREME FACT. It is not enough that the trnth that Christ died for our sins is formally acknowledged ; it must be the central and the supreme fact, and it mast be relied upon as the most energetic force in -the Christian Gospel. If a p?eiacher_ gives it a secondary rack, he has somehow missed his way ; and the rsiigiou s life c.f those who receive a Guapel in which this truth has only a secondary import ance will at the best, be wanting in vigour, depth, joy, and energy. They will miss the poriec freedom, and the perfect blfeesednees of the Chris iau redemption. And of this the experience of. 1,900 years is a decisive proof. Piaca firs', for example, the ethical perfection, to which Christ calls us, and whatever admira tion that fair vision may excite, there will be no power to achieve it. Flaoe nret the great truth of the Divine fatherhood, and whatever .ransieut passion and enthusiasm it may inspire, there will be no blear enduring, vivid consciousness that, we are the children. of .the Eternal. Flaoe first the great -discowBry of immortal righteousness and immortal joy to which God has dest:n8duainCbrist,and the glorious hope, though it may kindle thp imagination, will have no firm "hold of the iHarr, and will c-xert no sovereign authority over conduct. Flace first the -gre&t; gift of inspir-.ti- m assured to all Christian men and women through- all - time,. ... and though there my ba dazzling forma of religious experience, ambitious strivings after; union with God, occasional andfeurpriringC intuition of tha Divine glory; ;: Iff j|n3j character will not bo transfigured 'lay 'the iD dwelling of tbe Holy Ghost. Does any preacher give the first and central place in. the Cnri-tiin Gospel to any other truth— -no mncter bow n:ole that truth may be — he is preaching what Paul would have called another gospel— a gospel of his own," not (the Gospel which those who stand-tin "the "true succession have received- from God uud tbe first preachers of the Christian froth. THE ATONEMENT, , . : Fir t of all, Christ died for our sins. Any conception of the death cf Christ that makes tii -s remarkable form of expression unnatural— any explanation of it which pracucally rx- plaina it away — impairs the whole, character, of tbe Christian faith, aud weakens the central forces of tC0: Gbrisfian lifel' It ia tm9 no doubt, that the Christian Gospel _ may be partially received, white the intellect" ami the heart resent — and it is. generally tbe heart rather than the intellect which resents— ?. this great fact. Christ may bh known in a vguaaod imperfect manner as tha Saviour of meu, and there may be a genuine faith in H'm for eternal salvation, while - the fact fcbat He died for our sins' -is 'rejfebtecV misconceived, or evaded ; but sooner or l&ter; we must coma to it, if we Pre. to know that Goapel which in early centuries men iu deadly conflict tbe heathenism of the ancient world. and masteisd it—khbBusd fthe I power of Rome — converted and; civfliswltbe fierce raceB which ; laid the foundation of moderu Europe gave fortitade to martyrs, inspired with courage and zeal the leaders f great revivals of -faith in . more recent ages, aud the : great reformers I of apostate churches ; sooner or later we I must come to it if the Christian Gospel is to I be in our hands the power of God. unto the I salvation, of our people at home and the I countless millions of - heathen abroad, K or if we ourselves are;i-;,-,- to;, spfer I into the fulness of the Christian redemption. I You may Bay, perhaps, that tbe / truth ie ; I myaterioua, the insoluble problem oithe»!ogy< I lnacesible to human thought. But; I' I 8 pe iking, not of Coiristian tbeoK,' btat of tboj Chrisua . i Gospel ; not of. the « I Philosophy ofthe Atoneme0tbut Ofthefao I Ubrsat died for our Bine ; that is vary mysterious, I no doubt. But this is what Paul preached, I not to pacpia like yourselves, who faavebeei» I educated from childhood in tbe Christian faith,; I who are familiar with the -story of Christ »pd E the contents of the Gbrietifth Boriptures, wh% I t'le traditions of early generations ot I V/huitian tbouebt and life, but to.? heathen I ®M» at Ooriaib— dffd thfy received death Qt Ohrist apart from eVerv brings iii into a clBe, a wbn(?eEful, ariTawful je /wop,J in ach,vphe iiVtlfct wtor mi 'of m. Vo mi i waht ; to; deal . Christian , Gospel as Paul mtyste our wfch fcbe fact that C/hri&t;'die for them . THE CHRISTIAN' FiBST DUTT, hive evaded, "and are "Ovadmg Bfcill, tbia clear and o b vi o« 9 duty. We other 'things fftst. We t SrU-a j!' aM(S christ how we ate to find Him, Or we want to know in what relations we and -other men stand te Gbd and T111 heheeteroaP destiny cf btbfer men Si? f?U|.C L9ur 1 8llA aod act tbat Ghr ist died for tb&m;, tve whnt to oecc.mg better men; and we' re Ml the words of \IEMst to discover th4 true; laws of eonduct, Md how we are to become 'Strong enough to J e arft trouble, and we torii to uhrlsfc for cohsolatioa. We may go to Ohrlstfor all these things. But Paul telle us thatrst of all , W6 ehodtd Consider aud learn that Christ died "fo't 'OUr ains. : Mtoi& .speaking ,of crimes merely, or of vices merely pCof grav metal Iault»; though All tbeaa are sins. . Sdahy men are criminals beoauee, t haying , beehi "Ibor n ;tpner very bar i couditiohs, of.; exposed; ui later yeaire to very .fierce temptat ons. the sin tjfiat is ln them has taken a form ';;.Whhdi; shC;g/phliged to paahb for the. .sake of ./protecting fife and -property and public order." Mien's moral character depends very bracR on tempera ment. The, sin. which is ;iu spme men natu rally breaks , out into brutal outrages, into gross sensual excesses. „That ' is partly a matter of physioal conttitatibn. Some men i?re so made that in them sin . could pot take these flagrant, forme. Moral charactsr is also 1 largely determined by envirnnient audeduca- tion. . Many' of .yo.u have been so disciplined that the sin, ahim ij in .you. haO; been pre vented from appearing in any Of ' the' graver vlcel; you are truthful, just, industridtiB; and temperat A . 3jo .; other " "mXh " there has been no \kucli mbrhl. discipline, and their sis has been lOlt. free" to show itself, in lying,, indolence, dishonesty, intemperance, and Btill fohier vices. r Moral conduct and inortil character , are; I say, in part — and lately— the Vestdt of tempera- men % or what we call a man's, natural, consti tution; in part mid largely tha result of all those complex conditions aim infiaenoes which contributed to the development of his physical; intellectual, and moral life in childhood and youth; in part and largely .the result of the circumstances of. . his ; maturer. years. Id part, I say— and largely— not aftogcther. There . are viced . irom which. a . man ia g&ved; by his temperament, but it is for him j to choose whether he will be guff y" of the vices to Which bis temperament makes him liable. __ There are grays fauits, .the very seeds of which seem to be destroyed by . eriy edacation ; but each man has to. determine whether be wiUxheck and snbdue jte gravity : of other f aul ta— pert ajjs not less gjaver-agamsfc which his early education has not protected him. And there are some moraL offences to which eome men are not tempted; their circumstances give no provocation— perhaps no op .qortumtF— to commit them. . The virtue of such men is tried by solfcitations |o_other 1 forms of moral evil. ; The immbiiaa infldence of natural cga8ti>uViAD, bf education, of environment on moral character is in- ; coutestible, but it ia not omoipateav. .FATE AND FyOTTOOlL,.; j.; - At the very centre of rhe life of every man surrounded by those provinces of his nature : over which forces whicboCm resist hut caooot command exeTtso powerfuI a C Astrol, there is ; tbe man's 'idBer'.;teljf,".,-hfs ; yvilV F4td :and f raedom— not Jate aloiip, not Ireafiom alone, but fate ana ; freedom togstherrr- determine conduct and destiny. And the eupreme question, for .each one . of ii9 . is the „relatioci if that inner self — the centre of our li e— to the livingGod. Attribu'e a mucb imporanoB as ! you like : to the idflaencejon|your moral charafc er. of physical .jnfifetutioq,.. early training, or want of csilDihg, tbe teSmper of your friends, the conditions ot your c«mmoo occupatioo, the anxieties and cares and cla m? of business, the moral atmosphere you are compelled to hxeathe — attribute as much as you like to the influence of all these fhiogd — but you must come at last) to the vital question <_ — what is your own relation, the relation of your true and.real slf. to God.; That lies m ybrir ownf fearibs.'- -Have' you helm -kept from dvil — or really and powerfully, induced :tp jreeiat evil even when the teBistatice hae been un- successful by. the dread of God's displeasure? Have you endeavoured to do right — even wo en tha endeavour _has failed— in order to win Hia apprbval? Have y >u, in a Word, -accepted Him with reverence and awe and yet with perfect joy as your God—confssing .Hit- Bcvereigii-autbority oweddr perajjuial life— Hia abaplute claims to your obedience, your worship, 'Jy oni faith, your Joje?. fias it become clear to you that because of His august greatness, .. His glorious righteousness, "His infinite love, your perfection and your- -blesaedneas are to ba achieved by. the practical acknowledgment of thtes claims in 4his wc|i|ttd n fh# t beyond death T Hafehvery natnral or acquired virtue, when assaulted by temptation, ®" oeivei support fiom.yanweraaaca.ior.ma saDreme will ; and wben the strength of virtue has begun to fail, has this reverence for Him beenau effective force iil prolonging the stngRkafiffik it sometimes, . hasPiitites, given you victory ? When you.baviApeen called to duties which were uo familiar, pU wel come, aud-which were alien from your piffural templM -%J0Uf loyalty to HiuM|l>een motive to induce you to a|f$mpt which, but woMaWPft altogether unattempted ? TheCJ '&h; Gospel -aBahmes that thisiner ; self r— this true self — is impatient of the 'Divine comSi«;as8umes-tii,':yraatever ou|ioral- ohafcictei fmay be «e resist or forgp. the l>iwae authbrity. , It assumes that ihc#ggu6t eovereiguty of Jtbe-iriug, -personal "Goer is iiefused in that central «9gion of ; ate u>k; delmihea - ; what a man Mrtaally Snltwhkt his destiny mufk be m teooiiae cteima fefDyy|c but Kist the rsofiitiv nutortty . Thia b wh ilhbatft- hY cpAAnd assnmntionlsSiot metely that m every man ! Were are fegtta ot .ciiaKeter aed: ponduct iribieh may be attributed » not VlffcBlrhAeJ 'or to hls' ehuca&ibu; and"cirfcukiL( stance? for wfaiohiieistnpt respomible; but, t-a.ans. -reaLelrin the' ,wery';" centre of his life, there is an Sulpoy tipn,; ®.r. refusal, tp piace the perfectly righteous wall icf God above hia own :Wil)., and .5? acknowledge with affectionate Eaverencf : 'Ged«s Euet authority, j Is assumption true ? Each man can answer for hicuBeif. , HpART-s&ARCHlNG.; . . \- Ssre is a point at which wp can judge whether Gbriefc knows us as He knows tbe Fr.-hcr ; Will you considerit ? .Here is. something which Christian Gospel dBclftMBbonb ourBeivs. Whether you have considered it baf ore or not, will you coneidertifc, and consider is seriously, 4 and consider it soon? Do not be satisfied with dismissing it. cither with an impatient denial, or ah evasion, or a half-hearted acknow ledgment of "its truth. The first time you bava _ an hour's quiet, your mind j being . active and. .. keen, descend jeto the depths of your personal life — find yourself. Remember that the living God is near, searching you through and through. Follow the search with Him. Ask yourself with a serious, relentless desire to know the trntb, whether in your real, inner most Belf, you have habitually and effectively acknowledged Him as your God. Do not ask whether under some strong impulse coming hpon you from without you have felt awe and reverence for His greatness, and been thrilled with delight by His infinite love. Do not ask whether under same mysterious influence, which may have had its springs in tbe eternal life of God himself, you have sometimes been agitated with deep ralig'ous emotion, with a passion of penitence or cf gratitude or with the desire for perfect righteousness Tbe impulse from without soon spenda its fotce. The gracious, mysterious ic- . fluence comes and goes. Impulse and influence alikehave their origin, else where — not in your self. They do not reveal, except in the way you respond to them, the central element of your own life. How baa it been? — how is it — between you— you, yourself — and God? Face that question; and if you are at last con strained to acknowledge that you have not made Him the end of your life, tbe law of your life, the root of your life, the joy of your life, go on to consider the serionsnes8 of that acknowledgment and all that it involves — the guilt of it and the peril of it. You may then pass to your per sonal habits, your temper and disposition, your practical aims, and ask what difference it would have made if you, in your inner self, your true self, bad been always loyal to God — if He had had His right place in your system of life. And it may be well to -single out some special defect or fault of which -you are consoious, some grave offence of which yon have been guilty, perhaps oaiy once or twice. You have not thought it a very Berious thing. It has left your general character, as you think, unaffected. It has been too ocoasional to be fatal. > SIN FATAL. .. But follow the suggestions which I once mht with. Suppose that Christ had had this fault, or bad committed only occa sionally . only once, this grave offence, would it not have quenched the glory of the world ? That solitary faults-teat one offence — would it not have impoverished the moral aud spiritual life of mankind ? Do you think now, that the fault— the offence — is not a very serious thing ? Do you think; now, that it is not fatal? Zf you think a single fault unimportant, a single offence not fatal, the true method to try the unworthinesa of your judgment is ia imagination to attribute that eingle fault to Oue who bad . no . other and . to suppose the offence committed by One who but icr ibat. would have been absolutely free from sin. And then, j in imagination, add to the character and history of our Lord fault after fault of which you are conscious and which you deplore ; effenca after offence which yon have regretted, but which you have repeated ; And then tell me whether these sins are not appalling ; whether they ought not to fill as with .shame apd with alarm, THE GREAT REDEMPTION, Christ died for our sins— tor thnaa sins which, according to the. OariMjau Gospel, wsjhave ah committed. Yes; you bsUeve that died for our Bins, and some of . you expUm it by adding to at He died to reveal the love of God to . us, and to touch our hearts, and to dr»w us to a better and devouter life ; and you are vetr anxious sometimes to receive tbe full .force of this ievei aticn of God's ;Ove, and to )?© c nacioufi that you are being delivered by it from mural evil. No doubt these ' axe among the ultimate effects of the death of Christ, but you must not pup aside Paul's words. Wbat yon .say Is that ChriBt diea to inspire cs with trust m God and love for God, and. to make us righteous men and women. That is true; but. wh& Fftul esys is that Christ died for our eios; died because cf our want of trust in God, aco our wMit of love for Him ; died because of our unrighteousness. Try to meet that declare- - ticn, not to evade it. When' we discover that We bave been in the wrong, there is something so humiliating in it, aud . if we continue to think of it, so. distressing that We are im patient £c get right. Wo are in haste to dismiss the evil pa&t; the evil that still infects tbe present; and when we hear ; of he great redemption that is in Christ we spring at it, and ask lor power to live -righteously. . We . think that this should be our only solicitude ; We thick that to give us this was the only object of the life and death and resurrection of our Lord Paul says no. Gar sins are too serious to be dealt with in this way, Firee of all, among the chief contents of the Christian Gospel is this— Christ died for oureics ; died for them. This has to be faced. It is humiliating. Ills awful. Christ, tbe Etem&l; Sou of God. becameman, and died for.ibe sins of men. This is the meaciog of the agony cf Getbsemanetr where it may almost be said that He began to die. This is the meaning of His surrender to the guard that 1 came to arrast- Him, when He might have smitten them to the"- ground and. escaped. This ia tbe 'meaning of His physical sufferings on ;the Crbis. This is the meaning of His desolate cry. 4,My God. my God. /why hast Thou forsaken bae?" I delivered unto you; first qf . all— listen, the apostle speaks to us as .be epoke. to the Ooriofcbiane-—ti delivered onto you, first of all, that Christ died for our ins. As I have asked yon to descend into the very depths of your moral life, and to . verify for yourself the assumption of the Gospel that you have duped, ;I L ask yiju also in solitary hours to d wdl uppn this wondptfui fafcf tht (Jprist died for y tpri ejus— y oufe— uptjl .it - ii' rooted in yourihtellect aud your heart forever. Take < ur Lord's account of it as well as Paul's ; Hi 8 blood was abed tor tee remission of dns. Hold firmly to the fact, putting aside all explanatioUB that conceal or deny, it, Take the fact as Paul states it as Christ states it. Neither Paul nor Obriet says that this awful death was to touch tbe heart of God to meroy and move -Him to pity oil God loyeitaiat uid iihnerv bo loved 4he world teht he gave His only-begotten S ac. the ; qrigss ,v»ad. wqfetbe . death" of" Christ, not ths efwcl- tif it. But -tee- awfni thing: about otir ss s 's that though Gol feves us — the ; ru- mtsSion qf; ;Outri Bios — the - forgiveness which i we regar dr as -a- matter ot , c->ura d -e.8 the . re&al; $ -jof .the death of Cbri»,t— and, I suppose, &vmd; from ?feat dsath. would have beeii impoible. I have pot attempted tiii? paorsing to offer aisy. expiap«tiuii of this etfet csntral lact of tte Cbr!?fi.ui Go?pti. It is pof- ibW fof m?ci to bs embarrassed when they sttempt to. receive ' ihe V fact, because - at ' the same timei - they" 'attempt to receive some inadequate explanation of it. The fact may be rejected because fcbe explanation may be intolerable. But in all other departments of thought we'begin with the fac% nd Bland fast by the /act, though one theory efter another that ia offered in illustration. of it is apparently uusatisraccory. And this fact that Christ died for our sine is part of the Christian Uo3p?Vis wrought into tbe substance cf apostolic life and teaching, iB wrought into tb8 substance of the very story of Christ's life and death. It holds its place among the primary, the regal troths of tbe Chri tisn revelation. It is part of the strong founda tion of our faith in God, and the root of our immortal life. In all the great days of the church, its greatness has been acknowledged with a passionate devotion. It is not a speculation ; it is necessary to Christian life and strength, to the joy of worship, to the bleBseduess of communion with the Father. It is the last and firmest guarantee of our kinship with the Erernsi Son of God. It is the glorious assurance of the -Fatfeibood. It kindles the fires of an infioite lov© for Christ, it tilla the bead at once with cmpaBsioa and with hope in the presence of the ejus of man. 