CHAPTER XVIIL THE MISTRESS OF NETEEBGLEN". "Shall! go, or shall I not go 2" meditated Hugo Luttrell. He was l?ing cm a broad, comfortable looking lounge in one of the luxurious rooms which he usually occupied when he stayed for any length of time in London. He had been smoking a dainty, perfumed cigarette he very seldom smoked anything exoept cigarettes-bat he held it absently between his fingers, and finally let it drop, while he read and re-read a letter which his servant had just brought to him. Nearly two years had passed since Richard Luttrell's death; jjears which had left their mark upon Hugo in many ways. The lines of his delicately beautiful dark face had grown harder and sharper, and perhaps on this account, he had a distinctly.older look than was warranted by his two and-twenty years. There were worn lines about his eyes, and a decided increase of that subtlety of expression which gave something of an Ori ental character to his appearance. He had lost the youthful, almost boyish look which had characterized him two years ago; he was a man now, but hardly a mac whom one would have found it easy to trust. The letter was from Angela Vivian. She had.written at Mtb. Luttrell's request to ask Hugo to pay them ajvisit. Mrs. Luttrell still occupied the house at Netherglen, and she seemed .anxious for an interview with her nephew, Hugo had not seen her for many months; he had left Scotland almost im mediately after Brian's departure, with the full intention of setting foot in it no more. But he had then considered himself tolerably prosperous. Brian's death had thrown a shade over his prospeots. He could no longer count upon a successful application to Mr. Colqnhoun if he were in difficulties, and Brian's £6,000 melted before his requirements like snow before an April sun. He had already squandered the greater part of it, he was deeply in debt; and he had no relation upon whom he could rely for aBsietanoe unless it were MTB. Luttrell; and Hugo had a definite dislike to the thought of asking Mrs. Luttrell for money. it was no more than adislike, however. It was an unpleasant thing to do, perhaps, but not a thing that he would refrain from doing, if necessary. Why should not Mrs. Luttrell be generous to her nephew? Possibly she wished to make him her heir; possibly she would offer to pay his debts; at any rate he could not afford to decline her help. So he muBt start for Netherglen next day. " Netherglen! They are still there," he said to himself, as he stared moodily at the sheet of black-edged note-paper, on whfch the name of the house was stamped in small black letters. "I wonder that they did not leave the place. I should have done so if I had been Aunt Margaret. I would give a great deal to get out of going to it myself 1" A sombre look stole over his face; his hand clenched itself over the paper that he held; in spite of the luxurious warmth of the room he gave a little shiver. Then he rose and bestirred himself; his nature was not one that impelled him to dwell for very long upon any painful or disturbing thought. He gave his orders about the journey for the following day, then dressed and went out, remembering that he had two or three engagements for the evening. The season was nearly over, and many people had left London, but there seemed little diminution in the number of guests, who were struggling up and down the wide staircase of a house at which Hugo presented himself about J 2 o'clock that night, and he missed very few familiar faces amongst the crowd as he nodded greetings to his numeiouB acquain tances. " Ah, Luttrell," said a voice at his ear, " I was wondering if I should see you. I thought you might be off to Scotland already." " Who told you I was going to Scotland ?" said Hugo. The dark shadow had crossed his face again; if there was a man in England whom at that time he cordially disliked it was this man-Angela's brother Rupert Vivian. He did not know why, but he alwayB had a presage of disaster when he saw that high bred, impassive face beside him, or heard the modulation of Vivian'e quiet, musical voice. Hugo was superstitious, and he firmly believed that Rupert Vivian's presence brought him ill-luck. "Angela wrote to me that Mrs. Luttrell was inviting you to Netherglen. I was going there myself, but I have been prevented. A relation of mine in Wales is dying, and has sent for me, so I may not be able to get to Scotland for some weeks." " Sorry not to see you. I shall be gone by the time you reach Scotland, then," re- j sponded Hugo, amiably. " Ye8." Rupert looked down with a reflective air. "Gome here, will you!" he eaid, drawing Hugo aside into a snail cur tained recess, with a seat juBt wide enough for two, which happened at that moment to be empty. " I have something to ask you ; there is something that you can do for me if you will." "Happy to do anything in my power," murmured Hugo, He did not like to be asked to help other people, but there was a want of assurance in Vivian's usually self contained demeanour which roused his curiosity. " What is it J" " Well, to begin with, you know the Herons and Miss Murray, do you not ?" " I kuow them by name. I have met Per cival Heron sometimes." "Do you know that they have returned rather unexpectedly from Italy and gone to Strathleckie, the house on the other side of the property-abont six miles from Nether glen?" "How's that?" " I suppose that Miss Murray thinkB she may as well take possession of her estate," replied Rupert, rather shortly. " May I ask whether you are going to call ?" "Oh, yes, I shall certainly call." "Then, look here, Luttrell, I want you to do something for me," said Vivian, falling into a more friendly and confidential strain than he usually employed with Hugo. " Will you mention-in an incidental sort of way to Mrs, Heron the reason why I have not come to Scotland ? the claim that my relation in WaleB has on me, and all that sort of thing. It is hardly worth while writing about it, perhaps; still, if it came in your way you might ao me a service." Hugo was so much relieved to find nothing more difficult required of him that he gave vent to a light laugh. " Why don't you write ?" he said. " There's nothing to write about. I do not correspond with them," said Rupert, actually colouring a little beneath Hugo's long, satirical gaze. " But I fancy they may think me neglectful. I promised some time ago that I would rnn down; and I don't see how 1 can-until November, at the earliest And, if you are there you may as well mention the reason for my going to Wales, or, yoa see, it will look like a positive slight." ''I'm to say all this to Mrs. Heron, am i? And to no one beside ?" " That will be quite sufficient." There was a slight touoh of hauteur in Vivian's tone. " And, if I may trouble you with something else " "No trouble at alL Another message?" "Not exactly. If you would take care of this little packet for me I should be glad. I am afraid of its being crushed or lost in the post. It is for MIBS Heron." fie produced a little parcel, carefully sealed and addreBsedi It looked like a small square box. Hugo smiled aB he took it in his hand. fe " Perishable 2 he asked carelessly. "Not exactly. The contents are fully a hundred yean old already. It is something foJ Mies Heron's birthday. She is a great favourite of mice-a nice little girl." " Quite a child, I suppose ?" " Oh, of oourae. One won't be able to send her presents by and by," said Rupert, with rather an uneasy laugh. " What a pity it is that some children ever grow np! Well, thanks, Hugo; I shall be very much obliged to you. Are you going now ? Must be moving on, I suppose. I saw old Colquhoun the other day, and he began telling me about Miss Murray and all the wonders she was doing for the Herons. Makes believe that the money is theirs, not her own, doesn't she ?" Yes." "Odd idea. She must be a curiosity. They brought a tutor with them from Italy, I believe; some fellow they picked up in the streets." "He has turned out a very satisfactory! one," Rupert answered' coldly. " They say that he makes a oapital tntor for the little boys, I think he is a favoorite with all of them. He teacher Mis*Heron Italian." His voice had taken a curiously formal tone. It sounded as though he was dis pleased at something which had occurred to him. Hugo thought of that tone and of the con versation many timeB before he left London next evening. He was rather an adept at the discovery of small mysteries; he liked to draw concisions from a series of small events, and to ferret out other people's secrets. He thought that he was now upon the track of some design of Vivian's, and he became exceedingly curious -about it. If it had been possible to open the box with out disturbing the seals upon it he would certainly have done so, but this being out of the question he contented himself with resolving to be present when it was opened, and to observe with- care the effeot produced by Vivian's message on the faoeB of Mrs, Heron, Miss Heron, and Miss Murray. He reached Dunmuir (where the nearest station to his aunfs house was situated) at 11 o'clock in the morning. Mrs. Luttrell had sent the mail phaeton for him. As Hugo took the reins and glanced at the shining harness and the lustrous coats of the beauti ful bays, ho oould not help remembering the day when the mail-phaeton had last been sent bring him from tne station. Richard had then sat in the nlace that he now oocupied, with Angela beside him; and Brian and Hugo laughed and talked in the back seat, and were as merry as they well oould be. Nearly two years ago! What changes had been seen since then 1 The bays were fidgetty, and would not start at once. Hugo was just shouting a hasty direction to the groom at their heads. when he happened to glance aside towards the station door, where two or three persons were standing. The groom had cause to wonder what was the matter. Hueo gave the reins a tremendous jerk, which brought the horseB nearly upon their haunches, and then let them go at such a pace that it seemed as if he had entirely lost control over them. But he was a very good whip, and soon mastered the fiery creatures, reducing their mad speed by degrees to a gentle trot, which enabled the groom to overtake them, panting and red in the faoe, indeed, as he swung himself up behind. The groom was inclined to think that Mr. Hugo had lost his nerve for a few moments, for "his face turned as white," honeBt John remarked afterwards, " as if he had seen a ghost." "John," said Hugo, after driving foragood 2 miles in silence, " who was that gentleman at the station door ?" "Gentleman, sir?" "A young man-at least he seemed young -in a great-coat." " Oh !-I don't think that's a young gentle man exactly; leastways he's got grey hair. That's the gentleman that teaches at Mr. Heron's, sir; Mr. Heron, the uncle to Miss Murray that haB the property now. His name's Mr. Stretton, sir. I asked Mr. Heron's coachman." " What made yon aBk 2" The groom hesitated and shuffled, but uDon being kept sharply to the point avowed that it was because the gentleman "seen from behind" looked so much like Mr. Brian Luttrell. "Of course his face is quite diberent from Mr. Brian's, sir," he said hastily, noting a shadow upon Hugo's brow; " and he has grey hair and a beard, and all that, but his walk waB a little like poor l>lr. Brian's, sir, I thought." Hugo was Bilent. He had not noticed the man's gait, but in spite of the grey hair, the tanned complexion, the brown beard-which had lately been allowed to cover the lower part of Mr. Stretton's faae, and had changed it very greatly- in spite of all these things he had noticed and been Btartled by the expres sion of a pair of grave brown eyes, graver and sadder than Brian's eyes used to be, but full of the tenderness and the sweetness that Hugo bad never seen in the face of any other man. Full also of recogoitiou; there was the rub. A man who knows you cannot look at you in the same way as one who knows you not, and it was this look of knowledge which had unnerved Hugo, and make him doubt the evidence of his own senses. He was still silent and absorbed when he arrived at Netherglen, and felt glad to hear that he was not to see his aunt until later in the day. Angela came to meet him at the door. She was pale, and ber black dress made her look very slender and fragile, but she had the old sweet smile and pleuant words of welcome for him, and oould not understand why his face was so gloomy and his eyeB so obstinately averted from her own. It was 4 o'clock iu the afternoon when Hugo was admitted to Mrs, Luttrell's sit ting-room. Be had scarcely seen her since the death of her eldest son, and was mani- ] festly startled and shocked to see her looking so much more aged and worn than she had been two years ago. She greeted him much after her usual fashion, however; she allowed him to touch her smooth, cold cheek with his lips, and take her stiff hand into his own, but she showed no trace of any softening emotion. "Sit down, Hugo," she said. "I am sorrv to have brought you away from your ftiends." "Oh, I was glad to oome, said Hugo, confusedly. " I was not with friends; I was in town. It was late for town, bat I-I had businesa." "This honse is no longer a cheerful one,' continued Mrs. Luttrell, in a oold, mono tonous voice. "There aie no attractions for young men now. It has been a house of morning. I could not expeot you to visit me." "Indeed, Aanti Margaret, I would hare oome if I bad known that yon wanted me," said Hugo, wondering whether his tardiness would entail the loaa of Mrs. Luttrell's money. fie recovered his self-poBBession and his fluency at this- thonght; if danger were near it behoved him to be on the alert, "I have wanted yon," said Mn. Luttrell. " But I couldwait. I knew that yon wonld come in time. Now, listen to what I have to say." Hugo held his breath. What coold she Bay that needed all this preamble? "Hugo Luttrell," his aunt began, very deliberately, "you are a poor man, and an extravagant one." Hugo smiled, and bowed his head. "But yon are only extravagant. You are xtot vicious. Ton have never done a dis honourable thing-one for whioh you need blush or fear to meet the eye of an honest man ? Answer me that, Hugo. I may know .what yon will say, bnt 1 want to hear it from your own lips/' Hugo did not flinch. His face assumed the boyish innocence of expression which had often stood him in good stead. His great, dark eyes looked boldly into hers. "That is all true. Aunt Margaret. I may have done foolish things, but nothing worse. 1 have been extravagant, as you say, but I have not been dishonourable. He coold not have dared to say so mash if JEliohard or Brian had been alive to contradict faim: but they were safely out of the way cud be could say what he chose. "Then I can trust you, Hugo." "I will try to be worthy of your trust, Aunt Margaret." fie bent down to kiss her hand in bis graceful foreign fashion; but she drew it somewhat hastily away. "No. None of your Sicilian wayB for me, Hugo. That foreign drop in your blood is just what I hate. But you're the only Juiittrell leSt; and I hope I know my duty. I wont to have a talk with you about the house and the property and so on." "I shall be glad if I can do anything to help you," said Hugo, smoothly, ate otaeek .wasbeginning to flush; he wished that his aunt wonld come tD the point. Suspense was .very trying! Bnt Mn. Luttrell seemed to be in no hurry. " You know, perhaps," she said, " that I am a tolerably rioh woman still. The land, the farms, and the moors, and all that part of the property passed to Miss Murray upon nay tons' deaths; bnt this house and the grounds (though not the loch nor the woods) are still mine, and 1 have a fair income with .which to keep them up. I should like to know that one of my husband's name was to come after me. I should like to know that then wonld be Luttrells of Netherglen for many years to come." She paused a few minutes, but Hugo made no reply. " I have a proposition to make to you," she went on presently. " I don't make it .without conditions. You shall hear what they are by-and-by. I should like to make Sou my heir. J. out leave my money and my ouse to any one 1 choose. I have about fifteen hundred a-year, and then there's the house and the garden, Should you think it worth having? "I think," said Hugo, with a wily avoidance of-any direct answer, "that it is very painful to hear you talk of leaving your property to any one. "That Is mere sentimental nonsense," re plied his aunt, with a perceptible increase in the coldness of her manner. "The question is, will you agree to the conditions on which X leave my money to you ?" "Iwill do anything in my power/' mur mured Hngo. " I want you, then.to arrange to Bpendat least half the year with me here. You can leave the army; I do not think that it is a profession that suits you. Live here, and £11 the place of a son to me. I have no sonB left. Be as like one of them as it is in your power to be." In spite of himself Hugo's face fell, Leave the army, leave England, bury himself for half the year with an old woman in a Becluded spot, whioh, although beautiful in summer and autumn, was unspeakably dreary in winter ? She had not required BO much of fiichard or Brian; why should she ask for such a sacrifice from him ? Mrs. Luttrell watched his face, and read pretty clearly the meaning of the various expressions which chased each other across it. "It seems a hard thing to you at first, no doubt," she said, composedly. "But you would find interests and amusements in course of time. You would have six months of the year in whioh to go abroad or to divert yourself in London. You should have a sufficient income. And my other oondition is that yon marry as soon at you can find a suitable wife." "Marry ?" said Hugo, in diBmay. "I never thoueht of marriage!" . You will think of it some time, I pre sume. An early marriage is good for young men. I should like to see you married and have your children growing up about me." *' Perhaps yon have thought of a suitable lady?" said Hueo, with a half sneer. The prospect that had seemed so desirable at first was now very much lowered in his estima tion, and he aid not disguise the sullen anger that he felt. But he hardly expected Mis. Luttrell's answer. "Yes, I have." " indeed ! Who is it ?" "Miss Murray. Elizabeth Murray, to whom your couBins' eBtateB have gone." " What sort of a person is she ?" "Young, beautiful, rich. A little older than yourself, bnt not much. You would make a fine oonple, Hngo. She came to see me the other day, and you would have tboneht she was a prinoess. *'I should like to see her," said Hugo, thoughtfully. "Well, you must just go and call. And then yon can think the matter over and let me know. I'm in no hnrry for a decision." " You are very good, Aunt Margaret." "No. I am only endeavouring to be just. I should like to see you prosperous and happy, And, while you are here, you will oblige me by considering yourself the master of the house, Hugo. Give your own orders, and invite your own friends." Hngo murmured some slight objection. "It will not affect my comfort in the least. I kept some of the horses, and one or two vehicles that I thought you wonld like. Use them all. You will not expect to see very mnch of me; I seldom come downstairs, so the house will be free for you and yonr friends. When you have decided what you mean to do let me know." Hugo thanked her and retired. He did not see her again until the following evening, when she met him with a question " Have you seen Misa Murray yet ?" " Tea," said Hugo, lowering his eyes. " And have ypn come to any decision f" "Yes." "I should like to know what it is/'said Mrs. LuttrelL Her hands, which were orossed before her on her knee, trembled a little as she said the wordB. Hugo hesitated'for a moment. " I nave made my decision," he said at last, in a firm voice, " and it is one that I know I shall never have cause to repent. Aunt Mar garet, I aooept your kind, your generous offer, and I will be to yon as a son." He had prepared his little speech so oare fnlly that it Boarcely sounded artiSoial when it issued from' those curved beautiful lips, and was emphazised by the liquid softness of his Southern eyes. 