JOUR NRW YORK LBTTER. I [FROM OUR OWN CORRKSrOSDKNT.] I think that it wes Daniel O'connell who remarked once, that " no * ct of Purlia ment was ever framed through which be cculd not drive a coach nnd horses ;'' and after the decision of the Supreme Court this week, it is tolerably evident that there is a pretty large fine'uro in nur excise law. Mayor Hewitt is not luna. if not a strict ennstruotionist, nnd several weeks agu lie called in question the riyht of hotfll.cppers to supply tho water of life and other toothsome nnd exhilirating liquids to their cuesta on Sundays. That the authority to sell liquors on Sunday, by inn keepera, o herwise known t s hotel keepers, lind been B'rai' ed to its utmost limits, is beyond ques'ion. In some instances three or four cheap co's were stored in a room with a conp'e of dirty blankets, and the ab lily to afford lodgings for a hnlf-dnz'n tramps, con- stituted an inn ; and, of course, this in- cluded free drinks for all the policemen on tho beat. At the Hoffman House, the Gilsey, the Brunswick, or the Fifth Avenue,-men ordered a cracker and cheese, and with them eeveral rounds of brandy and waier or whisky straight The open manner in which this was donn became a public sondai, and at last Mayor Hewitt was appealed to ; he consulted the corpo-ation counsel, and in the pleni'uda of his legal wisdom the corporation counsel opined that it was entirely in 'defiance of law. In .this dilemma, Captain Aloxander Williams came to the front, and a conspiracy waa formed to mato a test ca«e. Everybody in the city knows Captain Willisms, end this officer of the law on the Sabbath day goes Into a hotel and orders liquor-and gets it and drinks it, knowing at the same time that he ia aiding in breaking the law. He then tnrns round and swears out a warrant for the arrest of the hotel keeper, who stood by while he took his drink ; and the case is tried by .Tudge Lawrence in chambers The language of the Act is clear as daylight, and is sub- stantially this : that no one holding a license for the sale of s iriluous liquors shall on the Sabbath day either, sell or give the same away. N o exception is made for any class oiseliers, hotel keepers or'others ; all ore included in the act, and Judge Lawrence so decided. Tho ca«e was appealed this week to a full bench, and the decision of Judge Law- rence was reversed. A shout went up when the decision reached us on Friday night, but by some hitch'it was not re- ceived hy the police authorities till late on Saturday; night, and on Sunday the bot-' ties'again appeared on hotel tables, and, the landlords and guests were happy. The experience of the ptvt two Sun- days will not be forgotten very soon. There was weeping and waiting. and gnashing of teeth when the temper arce cyc'oce first strnck us ; and now tho hotel-keepers talk of holding a monster jubilee on the return to the ways of our fathers. The theatres are closed and the churches ara about to close, the examinations are past,/and the schools shut their doora. To the thousands of young men who have graduated and are casting about in search of an honourable, profession I should un- hesitatingly say. choose the diamond field or tho prize ring. Both of these admirable professions open the way to honour and to wealth. We have in this city a number of great journals ; they go into every furn ly, and any morning in the' week you can-leam how Carney smashed Mitchell all to pieces, or Dempsey knocked spots out j of Jack McAtiliff, or Billy the Kid knocked the Spider sky high.andfor fear thataome of the interesting details might be lost to_ you, each round is minutely described/ till at last one of the brutes is knocked all in a , heip, nnd left for deed upon,the'ground. Tho sporting editor and- reporter aro exceedingly well paid men, and rank infinitely above the man who reports a sermon or the doings of a philosophical society. The superinten- dent of publ'c instruction, having charge of thousands of onr children with im- mortal souls in his keeping, ia the envy of his fellows, on a sulsry < f three or four thousand dollars a year. A decent batter'or catcher in a baseball team, would laugh at you for such an offer, and the purchase of one by a Western Club cost the club more mo. ey than is paid to any minister in the United State«, and this did not include h¡s yearly sa'aT. I at- tended a ball match the other day, and I never saw greater honour paid to mortal man, than was paid to a lucky catcher who could scarcely write his name. A few weeks since a prize fighting brute came .here from England looking for a fight.. Since his arrival he has pounded several men almost to death. That ho did not completely murder them was not the fault-1 of Mr. Carnev-he did the best he could ; and now, after a short sojourn he returns to his native land, which is Ireland, his pocket stuffed with good american bunk notes, having earned during hi* short stay more money than wsB, paid to the President of the United Sta'es in the same time. Who were the men who furnished the cash-brutes like Carney himself 1 Oh, no ! but fine gentlemen, who could afford to pay 50dol. a ticket for the sport. But the wheat pit and the coffee pit have caught some of these fine patrons of the dog pit and the man pit, fand 'it almost makes me feel bad, the growing unbelief in that other pit-where fine gentlemen who go to prize fights won't have to pay BOdol. for a ticket, but they will find their hats chalked- D. B. This week has had its bason as well as the last. No blacker Friday has been seen for ten years. Manhattan off 30 points,andlota of other stocksinsympatby. As a rule margins are only 10 per cent. How many of these were swept awsy on Friday. Hundreds rushed in to bolster up the market, and put another 10 per cent.; that went and up went an- other, »Dd when that was exhausted they felt lick and gave up. The outsiders sold ; and the insiders, Jay Gould, Russell Sage, Cyrus Field, and their crowd bought, and in a little time Man- hattan and all the rest of the stocks will be back at the old figure. Sunday was a field day among the Knights of Labor and the Home Club. One of the most respectable and concilia- tory of the Knights of Labour in New York was George W. Dunne, the chair- man of the Committee of Arbitration and Strikes. If an employer had snything to sty, Mr. Dunne listened to him like a gentleman, and gave him a fair hearing. He was the most successful arbitrator in the order, and generally respected by employer and men. Master Workman Jas. O-j Quinn was a bulldozer, who seemed to think that every employer ought to be knocked in the head, and he sought to ride rough-shod over every one under him. At last a conspiracy was formed to seize the central power of the Knights of Labour, which Mr. Dunne exposed last Sunday. Quinn deposed Dunne from hil chairmanship of the Committee of Arbitration and Strikes on Thursday, but on Sunday Dunne knooked Quinn io high it is doubtful if he ever comes down. The row has caused tremendous excite- ment, in labour circles ; and, aa I pro- phesied a oouple of weeks ago, a serious split Is at hand which promises to divide the order. It may not seem patriotic, but thank Providence ii is over. Our gloriou» fmiverearystruck us in a cyclone of torrid heat, before which everything wiltedTjut "the irrepressible small boy, and he was on hand as usual as lively aa a cricket--For a number of years past we have had a special ordinance against the miscellaneous use of fireworks and firearms, wh;ch has been enforced with more or less severity, but this year it was a dead letter to the aforesaid small boy, and the result wai that he msde it quite lively for his elders on the anniversary of ourNational Independence. Mercy on us, wasn't it hot. ¿The three preceding days the thermometer had been climbing higher and higher till it regis- tered somewhere in the vicinity of hying and broiling, and it seemed a* though the party having charge of the heating ap- paratus was experimenting with petroleum as fuel, and had succeeded in getting np thehsMttoapbint which has had no parallel .vi.4ni.lf ,i '.""' ' -'. " . ! ?his summer. The streets were uko oven«, and the wretched esr horses dropped along the different rontea by dozens; esses of sunstroke were nnmoroua, and the ¿eath rate in the cr.iwded tenement district fearfully ¡ncreasod. But it acomid that nothing short of an earthquake could re- presa tho enthusiaam ; old and young went in for an old-timed celebration mid they had it. Tho rush out of town waa something tremendous-tho half hol:d»y on Saturday giving ample time far pre- paration. The clock had hardly donn striking 12 on Saturday when every wheel was stopped in the factories of Now York and Brooklyn, and the clerks c-mmenced shutting up the shops ; many of tho Urge »toros were full of people, but they were bundled into the street with as litt'e ceremony aa if they were book oanvaBsera wr lightning-rod agent». By 2 o'clock everything all along the great busings« streets looked like a Sabbath, with ono exception, and that was the saloons ; they wero all open, and tho demand for cooling drinks was something fea'ful. Outgoing steambnataand railroad cars wre emmm d to suffocation, and as usual Coney Island caught its share of the general hegira. The storms of tho past winter baie made vast changes in thia favourite re- sort-the aea making terrible encroach- ments on tbis delightful pleasure ground of the peoplo. Should tho storms of next winter equal the fury of the past, it may destroy the beautiful hutela at Brighton and Manhattan Beachea and float them out to sea. Mrs. Charles D. Keep, the devoted wife of the editor of the Wall-street News, appears in court as the contestant of the dead man'a will, whose sudden taking-off I reported two weeks ago. Charley Keep, as I wrote in that letter, was said to bo a very good fellow. The divorced Mrs. Keep does not think so, but sweats that a job was put up on her by her late husband's attorneys to induce her to get a divorce 13 years ago. As near as I can sum the matter up it is about as follows :-Keep started life poor, he married a poor girl, and in the days of his nobodiness she was quite good enough for him. She could mend his clothes, and did ; she could darn his stockings ; she could make hia bed and cook his dinner when he had any, and that was all ;She saved him the hire of a servant and did her own washing ; but the day came to Mr. Keep when that sort of thing was no longer neceaaary, and Mr. Keep was an altered man. Mrs. Keep could not talk French or lead the German. She knew no more about Huxley, Darwin, or Tyndal than she did about the satellites ' of Uranus. Mr. Keep showed for all he was worth, and a good deal more. Mrs. ' Keep did not. Mrs. Keep in prosperity keeps the same marriage vows that she had held to in the days of her poverty ; . it is alleged that Mr. Keep did not, and that finally with the aid of some attor- neys, who were paid 50,000 dol. for the villainous job, Mr. Keep was detected in a position which gave the out raged wife just grounds for a divorce, which she now wishes to be declared void, on the ground of conspiracy. In a few weeks the whole of the shocking story will be before the courts-the history of the dead man's life will be reviewed by a merciless prosecution, and that life which a couple of weeks ago looked so bright and fair and rich of promise, will leave nothing behind but the Dead Sea's fruit of ashes. Among tho startling romancea of this feverish und changing city life-nothing Í,more romaniicor painful eau 'be found than the story of a man, which cul- minated in his comniiral to the Alrns hnuse on Blackwells Is'and last week, as a homeless vagabond and pauper. Twenty yeara ago, Daniel McFarland was known to every man upon the press of New Yoi le ci y. Horace Greeley waa then alive, and in tho zenith of his fame, which reached its nadir five years after, and set i» darkness and sorrow. Henry J. Ray- mond was a power in the .¿vet» Yoik Ttmes; Manton Mabie guided tho destinies of the Woild ; the famous Brookes brothers ruled the Express, and James Gordon Bennet the founder of the New Yoik Herald had not yet passed away, but muda his influence felt in every portion of the Union ; they wore mighty men all. The war hud developed a new and enter- prising race of journalists, who had servod as war correspondents, men who with di'h, enterprise, rare abi'ity and dsro devil courage, had contracted in the sort ice all the evils of the camp. Young journalist» striving for position who lacked their nbility, copied their vice» and im- agined as they listened to their stories and drank beer at Pfnffs, or gnawed devilled bonos at the House of Lords on H- iinton street ; that they were on the high road to fame. It was an evil time for New Vork'B journalism. To get drunk was scarcely regarded aa an offence, and the man who was unduly aober lacked good fellowship, and was regarded with dislike or suspicion. A prominent figure in New York journalism waa Albert D. K¡chard son, tho famous war correspondent of 27ie Aeto York Tribune. He had come back from the war covered with glory, and when the war was over, in the interest of The Tribune, he visited California, and laid the foundation of a respectable fortuno by publishing a breezy, bulky volume, entitled " Across the Continent. ' Daniel McFarland was a friend of hia, also on the staff of the Tribune, and not- withstanding hia drinking habita, which eventually led him to ruin, enjoyed in common with Mr. Richardson the friend- ship of Horace Greeley. At (he cloae of the war Daniel McFar land met Abbey Sage, a girl young, hand- some and ambitious of literary fame-a consuming fire, which baa followed her to old age, and led her into the front rank of American literature. She waa anxioua to get on, and aho was charmed with the writings of McFarland, and when he naked her to marry him, though twice her age, she accepted him at once, for ahe saw with her marriage her admission to the charmed circle which was the drasm of her life. The honeymoon waa brief, and the minister h'd scarcely pronounced the bleasing when the aoale» fell from the poor girl's eyes, her high hopes of advancement lay dead and withered at her feet, the man to whomshe had plighted her young faith was a hopeless irredeemable aot. In the hour of hersupremeagonyahemetherhuaband's friend, Albert D. Richardson ; he was her ideal-young, famous, prospectively rich, and the very antipode of the man she had married, t-he aought for a divorce and obtained it, and the next day it wat an- nounced that ahe was going to marry Richardson. McFiriand, aoaked in rum and maddened at the loss of his wife, declared he would murder the man who took her from him ; he lay in wait fur Richardson and ahot bim, and after lingering in great agony a few daya te died in the arms of the women for whom he had aacrificed bia life. Just before the spirit ltft bim and while scarcely able to articulate, Henry Ward Beecher was sent for as friend of the dying man. His life was swiftly ebbing when the living and the dying joined hands, tr-e nuptial blesaing was hardly pronounced when the spirit of Albert D. Richardson took flight, but from that time forth Mra. McFarland haa signed her name Abbey Sage Richardson. No act of Mr. Beecher's life brought on him aeverer condemnation than thia haaty death-bed marriage ; a storm of obloquy followed the wretched wife, and unqualified sympathy was expressed for the murderer. The trial came on and McFarland was defended by the-ablest connael, and on the plea of inaanity acqu'tted. But the mark of Cain -was- on him, and he wandered forth a mu derer among his fellowmen. Mrs. Abbey Sage Richard- son enjoyed no enviable position. She was looked upon as a woman who had led one man to his death and another to the foot of the gallows. Such crush- ing adversity and misfortune would have killed an ordinary woman, but Mrs. Richardson, as we will now call her, was no ordinary woman. At the time of which I write abe was utterly friendless and alone. The first storm of her sorrow past she set herself to work to repair her fortune. Step by stop she advanced slowly tX first, bat aster losing an .dtaatag* gtiaseV till to-day she finds hsaadf ra" oompuv, with' some of the tosí writers in the world in one of the foromostjmagazines of the United States. For a number of years she devoted herself to the study of Shakespeare, and by dint of her abiny and perseverance has been able to maintain herself honourably san» rq»-oclic. McFarlsnd, his hands red wi£h his brother's blood, Bought consolation in drink, only to sink to lower depths of degradation. In his cups the ghost of the dead man followod him and he drank deeper to drown the h rrid vision. At first old friends aided him, on account of his broken health, till finally the once proud spirited journalist, was content to oat tho bread of charity. In the end that frail support deserted him, and he became au outcast and a wanderer. One night last week Airs. McFarland was entertaining a brilliant company in one of our palatial mansions with har interesting lecture on Shakespeare ; at that sime hour a poor old vagabond tramp found his way into the 12th Police Precinct to bet fora night's lodging and a mouthful to eat to keep down the cry of the wo f that wita gnawing at his vitals. His clothes were tottered, his shots in ribbons, his fee wore stockingless, his hair was matted and tangled, and his person foul with dirt grime. God of light and mercy what a ruin ! It was all that remained of Daniel MeFnrland, the murderer of Albert D. Hichnrdson. Tears streamed down hiB aged cheeks when the magistrate informed hitn that he ' should oommit him to the Houso of Thieves and Tramps on Black well's Island. Only a few daya and Potters Field may o'aim him unless the charit- able hand of afellow oral taman shall rescue him from this closing infamy, and io ends the chapter of 20 year«. Rum led him to his min. Looking back over thean 20 yeera I I see the shore lined with the wrecks'of brilliant literary ¿geniuses whose HveB have ended in sorrow, and shame ; kind, generous souls, brim full of talent, but their own roost bitter and unrelenting enemies. New York journal- ism to-day is a very different thing from what it was 20 year« ago. Kow, sobriety is the rule and druokeunesa the exception, -aa man's talent is no longer gauged by the amount of whisky he can guzzle ; and to the young mnn who comes to this Metropolis excepting to make journalism his profeision, my best advice on this 110th anniversary week of our National Independence is, " Touch not Taste not-Handle not-Rum, Beer,-nor rt'ine." 