H[jii suit ]|mar I Upside down — A feather bed. Motto for an umbrella — Saam Caiqae (let each man have his own.)' ' A man never loses anything by polite ness/1 At all events, there are some mss who never do and never intend to. It is a smart man who knows how to make a speech, but it is a smarter man who knows hnur snr) ixrhera onri nna No ; the electric light does not spoil tbe complexion. The objection is that it shorn up complexions that have been spoiled. There are lots of people who mix their religion with business, bat forget to stir it up well. The business invariably rises to the top as a result. ' Now, this is what 1 call business,' re marked an undertaker, when an unfortnnAte man dropped dead in front of his (the un dertaker's) establishment. ' Pa,' said Bobby, sleepily, ' can I ssi you one more question, if it ain't foolish! ' ' Ya-as, one more.' ' How much older is i ripe old age than a green old age ? ' The ghosts that flit, as modem wit, Are ancient friends remet ; Aod they suggest it would be best To call them ' saws re-set,' Cora — ' What makes you always twirl your Mj. ilorritt 2 ' Little Johnny (who is always around) — ' Because he aint got any moustache.' Diner — ' See here, waiter, this coffee isn* hot. It's miserably cold. Ugh ! I cant drink such stuff as that.' Waiter — 'WeH it was hot an hour ago. I don't know whati got into it.' We never speak as we pass by, Although a tear bedims his eye ; I know he's thinking, thinking =till ^ Of when he backed my three months1 note. There is great difference in people abort finding thingB. One person goes all throng* 1if«» without finding anything, while anoniff is stumbling upon something continnally. But there is scarcely aaybody, we discoTtfi that can't find fault. A goat which had fallen off a ledge loudly complaining of his ill-luck, T* fawn ramp, along and observed — ' Althoag» yon have met with a fall it has saved from the wolf lying in wait beside the pa® you have travelled.' Moral — If we have corns we might break oar legs, Stiggins (triumphantly) — 'Here, Wigg^i is a poem X have written that has ffi neither the letters A, B, E, or S. I**® you to suggest an improvement in it iiyo® can.' Wiggins (after reading it)—1 'I W it would be better ? ' Stiggins Wiggins — it you wuuiu all the rest of the alphabet.' . H Grandpa was telling about some one ^ was very heavy for his size, and he sai H 'He is the biggest man I ever1fa*^ it H size.' At this all smiled, so be again. 41 1 mean he is the heaviest pew® for his weight I ever knew/' Theiu pause, 44 What are you all laughing a and grandpa walked off in indignation. H ' What is that Bicycle Man doin^nttitf H Seel he has Jumped Forward Jxon 1® ? wheel and put his Face to the H Kissing itt ' ' No, my son, the his Ear to the Earth. He is listening- ^ H thought he heard something Drop. n u H ' I don't beUeve that you love me. ? Clara, I have given you proofs enongu®. / ? love. Didn't I offer to hurl H the fourth storey window into the streei H 'Why didn't you do it I' ? doit? I'll tell you why I didn t dou- H weather was bad outside. I looked as if it was going to rain. , ? ' They must be getting very hign-,??r H at Fangles's,' said Mis. H'Swilhg611^ H Podsnap. 'IheardMr.Fsngleflsyito*»S ? a tutor— I suppose for J'™? I ' Mr. Kangle said they had s t00^' H replied Mrs. Podsnap. ' I guess it ii ^ H himself, learning to toot onaconi^ H just driving- the neighborhood wil ^ ^ The ancient stirrup^np was ''jjli B modern stir-up cup is whiskey. H etzife and otter.diMgw**1*® . H ? j 