Protest Against Coercion In I Ireland. PUBLIC MEETING AT MOEPETS. On Monday evening a public mooting of tne in jiabit-mtsof Morpeth was held in the School^ of Aits in that town for the purpose of protesting »gainst the Coercion Bill being extended to Ire- land. The meeting was called by the Mayor in »ei.ponse to a requisition. There was a large at . . tendance, the IwU of the building being filled, »nd the audience included many people from a distance, among them boing Mr. E. W. Doyle, J.P., of Gresford, and a number of residents of Maitland who were accommodated with seats on the platform, with the local speakers and members of the committee. The meeting was very . ordeily, and also very enthusiastic, and the remarks of the various speakers were loudly applauded. A cumber of the speakers were those who spoke at the West Maitland meeting some ten or twelve . da},, ago, and as tuoy were then reportedfuUy and to a great extent repeated themselves, it is un- necessary to ag.vin give those parts of their speeches. The Mi-Ton OF MOBPETH (Mr. P. K. Haydon, J.P.) presided, uud opened the proceedings by reading the íequisition to himself, and his reply . calling the meeting. He had received an apology from Mr. Jumes Fletcher, one of the members for Newcastle, and from Mr. J. J. Callaghan, of Wickham. He (the Mayor) had great pleasure in occupying the chair that evening. He had seen a little of the effects of bad laws and bad landlords for Ireland, and he could say there was no country in the world that had suffered to such an extent. He was glad to s«o BO many there sympathising with the sufferings of those in Ireland from laws which ought to be abolished or repealed. Mr. PATBICK O'KBBPB, J.P., moved tho first resolution, as follows :-" That this meeting is of opinion that the coercion policy of the Tory Govern- ment is not only in violation of the inalienable rights of the Irish people, but is also opposed to the .true interests of the empire." It was most unfor- tunate that for over 700 years, every Government .till lately had been of the landlord class, till trades- men and mechanics had become a power in the . Stato. They had been in union with England since 1800\. Since then 67 years had elapsed, and during .that time 87 coercion acts had been passed lor the destruction of the Irish people. Tho last was the -worst of them all, for it was to continue for ever. \- (Applause.) There might be many there who did notknowwhataCoercionActwas. It meant the abo- lition of trial by jury. Some of the most nefarious fellows had been placed in that jury box ; but now when they found that the people were becoming too free, they abolished the jury. Tpnants would be taken before their landlords or their agents, who were worse than the landlords, and who would do what they could to please them and to destroy the people. They would be cast into prison, and would not know the time when their trial would take place, but they might continue there for years, for they would have the power to send them .over to prison. They wanted to send the poor Irish people over to England, and to try them at the Old Bailey. They had done so Before, and many a man had been hung at Tyburn for nothing at all. It would be folly to speak of ft the trials that the Irish people had gone through. Publio meetings had been held in England and leading men in Englandhad addressed them. At one of them Sir Charles Bussell, the Attorney-General of England, had said that in no country in the world was there less crime. A judge in his (the ?speaker's) native city, said he was the judge over four counties, and in those four counties there had only been seven cases brought before him, and two of those ought never to have'becn tried in his court «s they were petty cases. There was no part of the world that could boast of su?h a thing but Ireland. (Applause.) Under the Coercion Act the people would not be able to go out of their houses from the time the sun set till it rose again. If a person had an enemy in the landlord or the police, he would be afraid to go out of his door at night even for the doctor or the clergy. Their enomies would say that it was all very fine to say they were out on such errands, and would put them in prison. Their lights would have to be out by a certain hour at night. The names of tile inmates of a house would have to place their names on the door, and the police might come and call out the names of those there, and if any one was found who did not belong to the house ho might be cast into prison, and, so far as the law was concerned, on no charge at all. The magistrates would no more listen to you than they would to a fly. O'connell related the case of a " man being tried for murder once when ho was on circuit in Ireland. He thought the case was very strong against him, and asked him if he had no witness ho could call, and he replied that he would call up the man he was accused of murdering. The man was called and admitted that he was the mon who wo3 stated to be murdered. The judge told the jury they knew what to do. The jury retired, and _ after two hours brought in a verdict of "guilty." When the judge expressed his horror and astonishment, the foreman said, " If he did ? not kill the man, he stole my father's grey mare three years ago." (Applause and laughter.) That was in O'Connell's time, so it was not so very long ago. It would show them how justice WOB dealt out in Ireland. It was well said that the troubles and wails of Ireland came to them o ver the sea. In no other country under the sun had such sufferings been endured. Even the Lord Mayor said they had been reduced to a state of slavery . -they were worse than slaves. An acre of potatoe" ground had been let for £Q, and with ii for the parish and one thing and another it would not supply potatoes sufficient to pay the charges when all things were totalled up. Fitzgibbon, after- wards Lord Clare had told them that they wore treated worse than slaves in the West Indies. No- thing that the perverted ingenuity of man could do had been left undone against these unfortunate people. Press gangs had seized 7000 of these *n fortunate men and women, the former had been sold as slaves and the others made mistresses by the West Indian planters (applauso and hissing.) At the time referred to by Lord Clare a clergyman seeing his unfortunate people oppressed had de- fended some of them. He was a man like the late Dr. Lang, who though he differed from him, he revered him as a man worthy of the name. A hue and dry had been got np against this clergyman he was described as a rebel, and the Government had been induced to offer £300 for his capture. He said ho did not want any reward to be offered for \ him, that he was ready to givP himself up, and he 9 ¿rent to Dublin, and was tried and acquitted. ^ But his enemies were not satisfied with that. They got some horse and sheep stealers-this was when persons were execu- ted for such crimes-and by giving them a free pardon, got them to swear away this clergyman's life, and he was hung, drawn, and quartered for defending his people That was not 100 years ago. (Applause.) That was the way those were served who rose to vindicate the poor farmers. He con t eluded by moving the resolution, and calling upon them all to say that there should be a proper union and that the people should not be slave«. Mr. E. W. DOYLE, J.P., seconded the resolution. He had very great pleasure in bping there that night and speaking a few words in advocacy of the noble cause in which they were assembled-to pro- test against the iniquitous bill known B3 the Irish Crimes Bill (applause). He had travelled 35 miles -and he did not say that to praise himself-to be there that night-(applause)-to again enter his protest against this iniquitous bill, and even if ho made no speech at all his presence there ought to be sufficient. They should pull one and all, and Ireland would then get free. By the papers received since the meeting in Maitland, he had noticed that meetings against tho Coer- cion Bill had been held in Wales, in Scotland, and in England. They had been addressed by the greatest political lights, the ablest politicians in those countries, and every one of them most emphatically condemned this tyrannical bill known as the 87th Coercion Bill. The Marquis of Ripon attended a large meeting, and spoke strongly and at length* against this measure. There were I several other eminent speakers, whose names he could not remember now. Every one of them, from Gladstone down to the humblest, had condemned this bill. He described soenea that occurred in Ireland, and said that the only free selection in Ireland was the poorhouse. He knew of many sad cases of turning out in this colony, and but for the great blessing that Sir John Robertson had confer- red upon them they would have repetitions of the scenes in Ireland. Where he lived there had been several cases which would have boen exact repeti- tions of what had occurred in Ireland, had it not been for the liberal land law conferred on them by the Gladstone of New South Wales. Let them read the accounts of the cruel evictions that had taken place in Ireland, notably so those ou the estate of Lord Lansdowne, the Governor-General of Canada. His treatment of the Irish people had been of such a tyrannical nature, and so cruelly unjust that to expose him Mr. O'Brien, the member for East Cork (applause), at the risk «of his life went to Canada. (Applause.) Mr. O'Brien went t» Canada, where this nobleman -perhaps ho was a nobleman to the English Government, but he certainly did not bear a noble character for charity -lived, and went to his very door to show him up amd expose his cruelty. Everywhere he was re- ceived with applause and warmth. Of course at one place where he went Lord Lansdowne's satel- lites assembled at a place called Hamilton, but BMII he fought the battle bravely, and at the risk of being shot. (Applause.) They were assembled to enter their protest against this iniquitous bill. They would not tolerate such a bill twenty-four hours in New South Wales. He WBB delighted to find such a large meeting in Morpeth, and they were only joining in other great meetings being held in the colonies, England, Scotland, Wales and America. At present all the men of the greatest political intelligence were in favour of Home Rule. He referred to the journey of Mr. Gladstone through Wales and Scotland. At one of his meetings the Grand Old Man said he was not trying to weaken the British Empire, but trying to prop it up. He was referring to a statement made by Grattan, who said when the Irish Parliament was taken away one of the props of the Empire was removed, and until it was replaced the edifice would not stand as strong as it should do. Gladstone wished to put this prop hack so that the Empire would not fall to pieces. (Applause.) He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution so ably proposed by Mr. O'Keeffe, who was one of the land marks of Morpeth. He had known Mr. O'Keeffe for 80 years, and he was always to be found advocating what was just, right, and honest. Mr. JAMES PBITCHABD (who was loudly ap- plauded) said he was afraid he would disappoint the expectations of him that the previous speaker had raised up. He had much pleasure ia respond- ing to the invitation of the committee and being present. He was there not because he could throw any new light on the much discussed question-the wrongs of Ireland, or the right method of govern- ing it, but he was there as an Australian-(ap- plause)-by an Australian he did not mean that he was born there, but in every other respect-and because he was an ardent lover of freedom (applause). And he trusted that while he had the power, he would use the little abilities with which God had endowed him, in the cause of right against wrong (applause.) He was there not for the purpose of any pretty oratorical display, but for the purpose of adding a little bit to the educa- tion of the public on this question. He trusted that they were not all Irishmen present, but he hoped there was enough genuine love of freedom among Australians to prompt them to attend any meeting such as that called to vindicate the rights of any people be they Irishmen or whatever country they might belong to. (Applause.) It might be asked what was the use of their meeting, now the measure had received the Queen's assent ? He thought there was a good deal of good. They were enjoying the bles- sings the Irish people desired, and as a free people they met to express their opinions. They were a long way from the centre of action ; but they had opportunities of reading what took place, and could form an opinion as to whether it was right or wrong and could send home their expression of opinion. It would have no immediate effect, but every expression of bona fide opinion when not forced would help to educate the people, up to the question, and the day was not far distant when it must be re-opened, and then Ireland would be given that justice which had been ' denied her, and then there woujd be no occasion to pass coercion bills (applause). Ho argued on the uselessnesa to attempt totranquilisc the people by coercion bills as proved by the history of the last eighty years. They were not alone in their love of freedom, and it was not strange that the Irish people should possess it. The House of Commons in 1862 and 188G had passed résolutions- in favour of giving them justice, and had just reaffirmed those resolutions and ex- pressing regret at the introduction of the Crimes Bill, and hoping that it would not become law (ap- plause). The representative body of Nova Scotia had adopted a similar resolution. So they were not alone, but other English-speaking people, and people belonging to that grand empire on which the sun never sets, and all that sort of thing (ap- plause and laughter)-liad given practical effect to their sympathy. He did not know what the New South Wales Parliament would do in the case. They were such a heterogenous moss that it was impossible to tell what they would do-(laughter.) But he could tell them this with pleasure: At the large meeting held in Sydney a short time ago in the open air the Premier had sent a letter stating that ho was entirely with the meeting. (Applause). The pre- vious speakers hod referred to some of the strong clauses of the Crimes Act, and they were conver- sant with them. He took leave to think that one of the principal things that enabled the Tory minority to rule and to propose such measures was that horrible ugly thing called sectarian feeling (applause). He thought that was the horrid spectre that blighted the independence of a great many of j the people of the British Empire. When this ques- tion was considered that was tho bogie that was dangled in front of them and confused their best instincts (applause). Tons of thousands would save their fellow creatures from oppression, but when this ghost of sectarian bitterness was raised their manly sentiments were gone, and away they went like so tnaay aheop. Let them do all they could to cultivate a love of their fellow creatures, and take away that "horrid spectre of hatred on account of sectarian feelings (applause). They knew and he knew, everyone admitted it, it was ono of the facts of the present day that it was that which prevented Ireland getting her just demands (applause). Ought not common sense to como in after 85 years of coercion after coercion, cruelty after cruelty, and rebellion after rebellion. Did the Irish people consider themselves rebels in fighting for their own. He was not an advocate of anarchy and lawlessness, but how did they define rebellion? Ho would ask Australians, if their interests were oppressed, would they be rebels or slaves ? Would they be patriots or slaves. [A VOICE : Patriots.] Why did they not take a lesson from the past, and then away would go the Irish difficulty? Why should the Irish not have the freedom Australians possessed and which certainly they Bhould possess ? (Applause.) What a. frightful mockery to call it the United Kingdom it would be more proper to say Dis-united King- dom. Would it not be a noble thing to make it a truly United Kingdom. (Hear, hear.) United by a sentiment of brotherly feeling, by a sense of equal justice all round, would that unity not be better kept up than by bayonets ? (Applause.) The time was approaching when more liberal measures must be dealt out, not by physical force, but by an educated public opinion. When that happened they would have the mass of the people governing» and not auch expedients as the Primrose League* He hoped that horrid thing, the Primrose League, would never take deep root in that grand Australia of theirs. (Applause.) He pointed out the desire at the present time toValue the colonies, and thought that good would come of their expressions of opinion with that of others throughout the Empire. They might lay the flattering unction to their souls that they were doing a little to help Mr. Gladstone to do his great deal. Everyone valued the knowledge that public opinion was with him, and concluded by asking them all to vote for the resolution. (Con [ tinued applause.) Mr. J W. BOWES, M.P., after referring to his appearing at a disadvantage in not expecting being called on to speak, and in following the previous eloquent speaker, said he must plead guilty to not studying the Irish question. He appeared before them as an Australian (applause). Mr. Pritchard had justly remarked that a great deal of the Irish trouble was owing to sectarian feeling - it to a large extent blighted the vision of many men. That feel- ing was going down as instanced by the Non- conformists who had determined not long ago to assist Mr. Gladstone in the able movement he had taken in regard to the Irish question. It was a matter that affected the whole body politic. Aus- tralians Bhould give support to the question, which was one affecting the whole world. They should think that what was now affecting Ireland might affect us (applause). At the bottom of it all was the land laws, and that was a thing which the colony now rising into a nation should look to. If they allowed all the lands to go into the hands of capitalists they would have the same state of things in this colony. (Applause.) As far as he was concerned, the longer he lived the more was he convinced that the settlement of the land laws was the most important thing in this country, and the most important question that eoul'd engage their representatives in Parliament. They must be con- vinced that that was the question before the world, and till it was settled on a satisfactory basis this disaffection would crop up in Ireland, and in different parts of the world. The more he studied it the more he was convinced that the only true solution of it was the nationalisation of the land. He hoped they would succeed in preventing such difficulties ocourring in this sunny land of Australia. He hoped before long this stain upon the escutcheon of Great Britain would be removed by another Government. Ho did not believe in coercion being applied to any people. They should educate the people to valuo the privileges that they received. They in Australia did not know the difficulties experienced in old lands. All that was asked for Ireland was what they possessed in the Australian colonies, the right to self government, and the tims was not far distant when they would obtain it. He supported the resolution which had been so ably moved, seconded, and supported. The motion was put and carried without a dis- sentient. Mr. J. G. WHITE, who was received with applause moved the second resolution, " That this meeting expresses its approval of the liberal policy of self government as being the only possible means of securing the peace and prosperity of Ireland." Two gentlemen that night had told him that ho was more Irish than the Irish them- selves. Though he was not an Irishman, his wife was an Irishwoman, and therefore his children had Irish blood in their veins, and he would be a coward if he did not come forward in the caune of justice to their country. The great question at issue was the land question, which was the curse of every country under the sun, and was a cause of misery and degradation in every shape and form. He gave some statistics of the numbers of people who held enormous estates in the United Kingdom, and con- tended that the land was as much the natural birthright of the people bom in a country as the air they breathed and the water they drank. Why should he have been placed on the earth if he had had not a right to the land, or what right had any man to have so much, so that he might enjoy him Belf in pleasure by robhing the poor people on his estate. He had heard of a child being bom with a caul over its face, but until one was born with a parchmant deed over its face Betting forth the longtitude and latitude of a certain piece of land, he would never believe that it had a better right to it than he did. The Irish neople were called rebels. He was a rebel to his heart, if it was to be a rebel for a . man to protect his wife and children. He loved his children and all children, and loved his wife as he did his life. He related scenes at evictions. It was too late to speak of coercion now. The eyes of the people were opened. If a jackass was coerced it would kick, but if they treated the worst animal alive kindly it would repay that treatment. He argued that the landlords them- selves were the debtors of the nation. In 1692 they had promised to the State 4s in the & of their ren^s, but since that time they had only paid 11 per1 kent, leaving 9 per cent, still due. Ile Quoted figures, to show that that would amount up to the "present time to ¿81,837,717,700. These were the robbers that turned the unfortunate people out of their homes, and left them to die on the roadside or in the ditches. If a person put an animal into a paddock where there was no grass, he could be punished ; but there was no law to punish them for making human beings starve. There should be such a law. If it had not been for the amount of money sent to Ireland the people would have starved, though at the same time moro money was taken out of the country than would have fed them in luxury. At the present time there were 40 millions of people in the United Kingdom, and if it was not for the large quantity of land taken to feed deer and such things it should be sufficient to support over 80 millions, while at the present time it starves 30 millions. If a person robbed him of his coat and he saw it 20 years after he could reclaim it, but if a person occupied the land of his children for 20. years he could claim it as a bona fide right. That was unjust and wrong in every state and form. He recited some poetry, the refrain of which was " An axe to grind," and said they had an axe to grind, and they would grind it BO sharp and keen that the sight of it would put fear in?somo of their hearts. He lived in hopes of seeing it so sharp that no one dare op- pose it. It had been said that the Irish people were not fit to govern themselves. He denied that from history and his own personal experience. They were kindly, humane, and friendly in every sense and form, but what position could they become in if coerced in this way. He wondered that they had a spark of humanity left in them, and that nothing but revenge was left in their hearts. Were he persecuted the way they had been, he would resent those injuries. He was heart and soul in the cause. He was a lover of liberty, and would give liberty to every other person in the world. He thought it was Lord Nelson who' said that in case of mutiny on a ship the first individuals ho would flog would I be the officers. If there wa3 discontent in a nation it was the fault of the rulers. When he was Mayor of Morpeth he had done his duty. Be had endeavoured to Bee if any one was in want, and had done his best to relieve it. He felt a king. That feeling should animate every king and queen : in cases of destitution they should try to relieve it. He instanced the oppressive laws in England, and referred to the case of a man being stolen by a press gang, and his wife, after being brought to destitution, was imprisoned for stealing a piece of calico, and her children thrown on the mercy of the world. When he was in England there was not an able-bodied pauper in the parish to which he belonged : now there were 40 in 100, and in the adjoining one no less than 30, while there were hundreds of thousands of acres of land to supply I them. The speaker concluded by quoting some lines of poetry amidst applause. Mr. DUNCAN SIM, J.P., rÓ3e to second the resolu- tion. He was heart and soul with Ireland in her efforts to obtain freedom. He loved fair play and justice between man and man. He thought the time was looming when more justice would be dealt out to those who kept the world moving, and less to those who kept it hack. It had been said that labour was the source of all wealth. If it was not for the labour of the tenants of Ireland the land would not be of use for the rich, and when labour occupied its proper position the land would bo of less value. Whenever any complaints had been made by Ireland the remedy had been to give them coercion. Some of the gentlemen who had spoken before said Ireland was free from crime except agrarian crimo, and for agrarian crime England was responsible. He had lived among Irishmen in thiB country »nd before he carne to it, and could testify to their kindness, and when they heard of them committing such crimes they could only account for it by the fact that they had boen trained to it by coercion. The policy of the British Empire seemed to be the establishment of the government of a country by the creation of large land ownera. Thatappeared to be the present policy of our Government. The Robertson Land Act had done a great deal of good by spreading peasant proprietors over the land ; but advantage had been taken of that law to get largo areas of land into the hands of single persons, or into the control oí things called syndicates, which the banks managed. This evil had increased, and if they had the same population would bear upon them as the land lawB did on those in Ireland. They should learn from seeing how Ireland was oppressed to watch for themselves. With regard to the nationalisation of land it waa a large ques- tion, and meant the holding of the whole of the land by the Government for the people. The En- cumbered Estates Act of Ireland was thought to he a good thing when it passed, but it proved a curse. Before it the indolent land owners allowed the people to do pretty much as they pleased, but when the land was sold it was purchased by people who wished to make money out of it, and at once raised the rents. This land hunger was a great mistake. The land ought not to be private property, which ought to be confined to what waa produced by a person's industry. He pointed out that the reason that there waB not the same distress and outcry in Scotland as in Ireland waa because in the former country the peasantry had other industries to depend on, and were not confined to the produce of the soil, while in Ireland if the crop failed thay had nothing to live upon. Ireland had been treated by England as a conquered nation, and he compared such treatment to that exercised by oven such a despotism as that of Russia to the lattor's advan- tage. He pointed out that history Bhowed that all countries whose only aim seemed the accumulation of wealth by commerce were short lived nations, and Baid the time waa looming in tho distance when Ireland would rise above England. (Applause.) He seconded the resolution. Mr. J. SUMMERS supported the resolution. He some two or three months ago received a letter from his brother in the North of England describing the agitation created by Mr. Gladstone by the ability he showed in the cause of this crushed down people. While thinking on this question it struck him that thoy in Australia enjoyed this great boon, while their fellow-people were deprived of this liberty, and that they would be cowards if they did not como forward and protest against such a measure being forced on their fellow men (applause). He had that English sympathy of heart that could feel for his fellow men in all parts of the world. He referred to the sympathy expressed with Ireland by the large meetings held in the colonies and different parts of the world. As an instance of the land being locked np, he pointed to the A. A. Co. on the route they wished the North Coast Eailway to take. As an instance of the value set upon liberty he referred to a fish taken out of water, a bird imprisoned in a cage, struggling to get back to their native elements, or a child taken from its parents, and compared them with the Irish people crying for Home Eule so that they could manage their own affairs to suit their own purposes. In the name of Heaven, he asked, why should such measures as this Irish Crimes Bill be forced on Ireland, and urged on all to protest against it. (Applause). Mr. JOHN ENBIGHT supported the motion. They had been told that there was no crime among the people of Ireland, then why in the name of God should they be coerced. It was forced on the 1 country by mon men as Lord Salisbury and his little son-in-law, Mr. Balfour, who lived ut ease in England while their agents oppressed the people. This Crimes Act would be the means of hundreds of thousands of unfortunate men being taken from their homes and cast into prison, where they would languish till the Government of the day were prepared to let them out. They would be charged with no crime, but arrested simply on the word of some base informer. Hu pointed out that, people in other countries supported the people in Ireland in their attempt to obtain Home Eulo, and protested again.st this abominablo Crimes Act. They might not be able to do much good, but their meeting would have an effect of enlightening the people on the question He referred in approval to th'at grand meeting, and the speakers who took part in it, The movement was supported by every man who loved freedom and the liberty of his fellow men. As sur« us the river flowed past them to the ocean at Newcastle so BUre would the Irish people in a few years obtain Home Eule. , He scouted the idea that the people would oppress those who differed from them in re- ligion when they had freedom to manage their own affairs, and instanced the manner in which the only two people who differed in religion from the mass of the people lived in the parish he carne from. A short time ago 20,000 men met in the North of Ireland to protest against the Crimes Bill. This 87th Crimes Bill-they had one for every year since the union-was the darkest of them all, but he compared it to the hour before the dawn, which was said to be the darkest, and hoped that the sun of Home Eule would soon appear, when the people would live in peace and prosperity as they did in every part of the world, and they would not bo called upon to put their hands in their pockets to support these people who were robbed by landlords to spend the money, in the capitals of Europe. He referred to the evictions going on at the present time, and instanced some hehadseen in 1848, when fifteen families were tuned out of their homes in the frost and snow to die. The treatment of the Irish by England had been an everlasting shame. The people had been found leading and fighting in the armies of England. He hoped such a state of things would never occur again, and that that would be the last Crimes Bill for Ireland. This resolution was also carried. On the motion of Mr. M. MUBBAT (Mr. J. G White having been moved into the chair), and seconded by Mr. JAMES KEBSEY, a vote of thanks was passed to the Mayor for presiding. The vote was duly acknowledged by Mr. HAYDON. The proceedings closed with cheers for the Queen, for Mr. Gladstone, and for Old Ireland 