THE BUNYIP. By Mrs. CAMPBELL FRAED. From " London Society." Everyone who has lived in Australia has heard of the Bunyip. It is the one respectable flesh-curdling horror of which Australia can boast. The old world has her tales of ghoul and vampire, of Lorelei, spook and pixie, but Australia has nothing but her Bunyip. There never were any fauns in the eucalyptus forests, nor any naiads in the running creeks. No mythological hero left be- hind him stories of wonder and enchant- ment. No white man's hand has carved records of a poetic past on the gray volcanic-looking boulders that over- shadow some lonely gullies which I know. There are no sepulchres hewn in the mountain rampart surrounding a certain dried up lake—probably the crater of an extinct volcano—familiar to my childhood, and which in truth suggests possibilities of a forgotten city of Kör. Nature and civilization have been very niggard here in all that makes romance. No Australian traveller ever saw the Bunyip with his own eyes ; and though there are many stockman's yarns and Black's patters, which have to do with this wonderful monster, they have all the hazy uncertainty which usually en- velopes information of the legendary kind. Some night perhaps, when you are sitting over a camp fire brewing quart-pot tea and smoking store-tobacco, with the spectral white gums rising like an army of ghosts around you, and the horses' hobbles clanking cheerfully in the distance, you will ask one of the overlanding hands to tell yon what he knows about the Bunyip. The bush- man will warm to his subject as readily as an Irishman to his banshee. He will indignantly repel your insinuation, that the Bunyip may be after all as mythical as Alice's Jabberwock ; and he will forthwith proceed to relate how a friend of his had a mate, who knew another chap, who had once in his life had a narrow escape from the Bunyip, and had actually beheld it—and in a certain lagoon not a hundred miles from where you are sqatting. He himself has never set eyes upon the Bunyip, nor has his mate, but there is not the smal- lest doubt that the other chap has seen it. When facts come to be boiled down, however, " the other chap's" statements will seem curiously vague and contra- dictory ; and if the details are to be accepted as they stand, a remarkable contribution to natural history must be the result. The Bunyip is the Australian sea- serpent, only it differs from that much disputed fact or fiction in that it does not inhabit the ocean, but makes its home in lagoons and still deep water- holes. For rivers and running creeks it appears to have an aversion. No black fellow will object to bathe in a river because of the Bunyip, but he will shake his wooly head mysteriously over many an innocent- looking water-hole, and decline to dive for water-lily roots or some such delicacy dear to the abori- ginal stomach, on the please that " Debil- debil sit down there." Debil-debil and Bunyip are synony- mous terms with the blackfellow while he is on the bank of a lagoon, though "Debil-debil" in the abstract represents a much more indefinite source of danger and has a far wider scope of action than most mythological deities. " Debil- debil" is a convenient way of account- ing, not only plague, sickness, and disaster, but also for peace, plenty and good fortune. According to the religious code of the Australian abori- ginal, Ormuzd and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but combine and concentrate themselves under one symbol. The supremacy of Debil-debil is uncon- tested, and he deals out promiscuously benefits and calamities from the same hand. A medicine man professing to be in confidential communication with Debil-debil, may kill or cure a black- fellow according to his pleasure. The natives have a superstition, in common with many primitive nations, that if an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair from the head of one to whom he wishes ill, and buries it in the ground beneath a gum tree, the despoiled person will sicken and die as the hair rots away. In that case, Debil-debil must be " lW*d'X" (entreated) by the sick person to unbury the hair, and cast it in the fire, when the charm will be dissolved. The medicine man, therefore, has but to assure his patient that Debil-debil has refused or acceded to his request, and death or speedy recovery will be the consequence. The blacks have an impish drollery and love of mischief, and they delight in imposing on the credulity of their white auditors. Thus the stories of their superstitions must not be accepted too literally. But it is certain that when they show a distinct reticence in regard to any reputed article of faith, it may safely be looked upon as genuine. The blacks never will volunteer informa- tion about the Bunyip ; it has always to be dragged out of them. When a blackfellow disappears, it is generally understood that the Bunyip has got hold of him, and the particular water- hole in which the monster is supposed to live becomes more than ever an object of terror and a place to be avoided. The water-hole may have been hitherto uncondemned by tradition, and the blacks may choose to disport themselves in it ; but if one of them, seized with cramp or enmeshed in weeds, sinks to rise no more, the terrible cry of " Bunyip" goes forth and those waters are from henceforth shunned. The Bunyip is said to be an amphi- bious animal and is variously described, sometimes as a gigantic snake, some- times as a species of rhinoceros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a head like that of a calf, sometimes as a huge pig, its body yellow crossed with black stripes. But it is also said to be something more than animal, and among its supernatural attributes are the cold, awesome, un- canny feeling which creeps over a com- pany at night when the Bunyip becomes the subject of conversation ; and a cer- tain magnetic atmosphere supposed to envelop the creature and to spread a deadly influence for some space around, rendering even its vicinity dangerous, is particularly dwelt upon. According to legend it attracts its prey by means of this mysterious emanation, and when sufficiently near, will draw man or beast down to the water and suck the body under, and without sound or struggle the victim disappears to be seen no more. It is silent and stealthy and only very rarely they say, and always at night, has been seen to rise partially from the black water which it loves, and utter a strange moaning cry like that of a child or a woman in pain. There is a theory that water is a powerful conductor for the kind of electricity it gives out, and that a pool with dry abrupt banks and no outlying morass is tolerably safe to drink from or to camp by ; but a lagoon lying amid swamp has always an evil reputation, and in some districts it is very difficult to persuade a black fellow to venture into such a place. One of the most famous haunts of the Bunyip, round whick all sorts of stories gathered, though I never could really authenticate one of them, is a lagoon that we all knew well and which used to furnish my brothers with many a brace of wild fowl for our bush larder. This lagoon is about four miles long, in some parts very deep, in others noth- ing but marsh, with swamp-oaks and ti- trees and ghostly white-barked she-oaks growing thickly in the shallow water. The wild duck is so numerous in places that a gun fired makes the air black, and it is impossible to hear oneself speak, so deafening are the shrill cries of the birds which brood over the swamp. We were none of us very much afraid of the Bunyip, though I confess to many an anxious shudder, and to having stopped and switched a stick be- hind me in order to make sure that all was right, when I found myself at dusk walking by the banks of the lagoon. A curious fascination which was assuredly not the magnetic attraction of the Bunyip used to draw me there ; the place was so wild and eerie and solitary and appealed so strongly to my imagi- nation. I liked nothing better than to go with my brother on moonlight nights when he went down there with his gun over his shoulder to get a shot at wild duck ; the creepy feeling which would come over us as we trod along by the black water with dark slimy logs slant- ing into it, and reeds and moist twigs and fat marsh plants giving way under out footsteps, was quite a luxurious terror. There was such strange noises, the faint shivering sound made by the spiky leaves of the swamp-oak, the flapping of the she-oaks' scaly bark, the queer gurgling " grrur-urr-r" of an opossum up a gum tree, the swishing of the ducks' wings when they rose sud- denly in the distance, the melancholy calls of the curlews—all these breaking the silence and loneliness of the night, were indescribably uncanny and fascinat- ing ; but I am bound to say that during these expeditions we never saw a sign of the Bunyip. We were travelling once up country —my brother Jo and I—and had arranged to camp out one night, there being no station or house of accommoda- tion on the stage at which we could put up. The dray, loaded with stores and furniture for the new home to which we were bound, had been started some days previously, and we had agreed to meet the drivers at a certain small lagoon, known as the One-eyed Water-hole, and camp there under the dray tarpaulin. We were riding, my brother driving a pair of pack-horses with our swags, and we were unable to carry any conveni- ence for spending a night in the bush. It was the month of November and the heat was overpowering. The red gum oozed from the iron bark trees and fell in great drops like blood. The deafening noise of the forest was in strange contrast to the night silence and loneliness of the lagoon I have described. All the sounds were harsh and grating —the whirring of grasshoppers and locusts, the chattering of parrots and laughing-jackasses, the cawing of cocka- toos, and scuttling of iguanas through the coarse dry blady grass. It was a relief to the heat and monotony when, as the sun set, we left the timbered ridges and came down upon a plain, across which a faint breeze blew and where we could see, at the foot of a distant ridge, the One-eyed Water-hole, and our dray beside it, loaded high and covered with a huge tarpaulin that hung all round it like a tent. The men were busy making a fire and watering the bullocks. They had got down their blankets, and the rations and tin billys and quart pots from the dray, and Mick, who had been hutkeeper to a party of shearers, was mixing Johnny- cakes on a piece of newly-cut bark, ready for baking when the logs had burnt down into ashes and embers. Some of the others had cut tufts from the grass trees on the ridge and strewn them on the earth under the dray for us to lie upon. Very soon we were all comfor- tably camped, and as night closed in and the stars shone out, the scene be- came more and more picturesque. Our fire had been lighted a few yards away from the lagoon, which, deep and black where the banks were high, widened out at the lower end into a swamp of she- oaks, their white lanky stems standing out against the darker background of ridge, densely covered with jungle-like scrub. We had eaten our meal of beef and hot Johnny- cakes all together by the dray, and there was something striking about the appearance of the men in their bright Crimean shirts and rough moleskin trousers and broad brimmed cabbage-tree hats as they lounged in easy attitudes smoking their pipes and drinking quart-pot tea, while they waxed communicative under the influence of a nip of grog, which had been served out to them apiece. They were telling shearing stories— how Paddy Mack and Long Charlie had had a bet as to who could shear a sheep the fastest ; how Father Flaherty, the priest from the township, who had come over to see the shearing in full swing, timed them by his watch ; how at the word " off" the shears slashed down through the wool, and how the quickest man sheared his sheep in less than a minute, and the other a second and a half later. Then Mick had to tell of a man who used to shear his hundred and twenty sheep in the day and on his way from the wool-shed to the hut jump over a four foot six post and rail fence, which after having been bent double all day was a feat he might be proud of. Then somehow—perhaps it was the wildness and loneliness of the place, or the wind across the plain, or the sighing of the she-oaks, or the weird " poomp" of the bullock bells—the talk got on to eerie things, and from the authentic story of Fisher's Ghost it was an easy transition to the Bunyip and all its supernatural horrors. Most of the men had some Bunyip tale to relate ; and as we talked a sort of chill seemed to creep over us, and one could almost fancy that the horrible monster was casting its mag- netic spell upon us from the dark swamp close by. After a bit, when it was dis- covered that the billys were empty and that we wanted some more water to make some fresh tea, no one seemed in- clined to go down to the lagoon to fetch it, aud Mick taking a firestick to light his pipe, said slowly : " Begorra, Charlie, we must look out here for the Bunyip. You ask old Darby Magrath if he'd like to camp down by the swamp of the One-eyed Water-hole all night by himself. I re- member Darby telling me that when he was riding across this plain one night after shearing, his horse stopped of a a sudden and trembled all over under him—just like a bullock in the killing yard when you drop a spear into his neck—Darby says he felt cold all through his bones; and then a queer sort of noise came up from the water—a kind of sound like a baby moaning—and he just clapped spurs into his old yarraman (horse), and never pulled up out of a gallop till he had got over the range and was at the ' Coffin Lid' public five miles on. The horse was all dripping with sweat, and poor old Darby as white as a corpse." " Well, I don't know much about the thing myself—never had no Bunyip ex- periences myself ; but unless Gemmel Dick is the most almighty liar—" be- gan Long Charlie, taking out his pipe in preparation for a blood-curdling yarn and then stopping suddenly, for at that moment there came a curious sound from the lagoon, or the swamp, or the plains to our left—we could not tell whence—a wild thrilling sound which at first seemed scarcely human, but which when repeated after the interval of a moment or two, struck my heart as if it were the cry of some dying animal or of a child in dire distress and agony. We all started and looked anxiously at each other, waiting until it came again, and not quite liking to confess our tremors, when one of the men exclaimed nervously : ' " Say. What's that ?" " Wallabi bogged," pronounced Long Charlie oracularly, and was beginning once more : " Well, as I was telling you. If Gemmel Dick ain't the most—" But that strange, horrible cry from the lagoon—yes, it must come from the swamp end of the lagoon—broke the night silence again, and stopped Long Charlie a second time. It was more prolonged, more certain, than it had been before. Beginning low, a sort of hoarse muffled groan, it swelled into a louder, shriller note, which we at once imagined might be the strained broken coo-ee of a child in pain or terror Every one of us rose. " By Jove ! I'll tell you what I be- lieve it is," said my brother Jo excitedly. " That's some Free-selector's kid lost in the bush. Come along, you fellows. Don't be funky of the Bunyip." He darted down towards the swamp, which lay some little distance from our camp, the dark heads of the she-oaks rising above a thick veil of white mist, that shrouded completely the less lofty and more straggling branches of the ti- trees. The rest of us followed him closely. It must be said that we were not deterred at that moment by any thought of the Bunyip and its superna- tural atmosphere. Long Charlie, the practical of the party, waited to detach a rough lantern which hung from one of the staples of the dray and caught us up as we reached the borders of the swamp. The sound had ceased now. Coo-eeing loudly, we peered through the cold clinging mist among the brown twisted branches of the ti-trees, which shook their scented bottlebrush branches in our faces. Under our feet, the ground, which had been trodden into deep odd-shaped ruts by the cattle coming down to drink, gave way at every step. We could hear the soft "k—sssh" of the displaced water, and we shivered as the slimy ooze mounted over our insteps and trickled down through our boots, while the pulpy rushes sprang back as we forced our- selves through, and struck our hands with clammy touch. It was a dreary uncanny place, and even through our coo-ee's the night that had seemed so silent on the plain was here full of ghostly noises, stifled hissings, and unexpected gurglings and rustlings, and husky croaks, and stealthy glidings and swishings. " Look out for snakes," said Long Charlie, flourishing his lantern. " And don't all of us be coo-eeing all the time, or when the little chap sings out we won't be able to hear him." We stopped coo-eeing, and presently the wail sounded again, fainter and more despairing we fancied, and urging us to greater energy. Though we tried to move in the direction of the voice, it was impossible to determine whence it came, so misleading and fitful and will- o'-the-wisp-like was the sound. Now it seemed to come from our right, now from our left, now from the very depths of the lagoon, and now from the scrub on the ridge beyond. I don't know how we got through the deeper part of the swamp without get- ting bogged ; but we did at last, and reached the scrub that straggled down to the water's edge. Here was dense, and in places, impenetrable foliage, rough boulders were lying pell-mell at the foot of the ridge, and creepers hung in withes from the trees with great thorns that tore our hands and our clothes. We did not know which way to turn for the cry had ceased, and the dead silence of the scrub was like that of the grave. We waited for a minute or two, but it dii not come again. " I believe it was the Bunyip after all," said Mick with a shudder. " And look here, I shall head the lagoon, I ain't going to cross that swamp again. It's all nonsense about the little 'un, not a child nor a grown man or beast could have forced theirselves down here." Long Charlie flashed his lantern along the wall of green, and stumbling over stones and logs we walked as well as we could, skirting the scrub and making for the head of the lagoon. We paused every now and then, straining our ears for the voice that had led us hither, and once it sounded faint but thrillingly plaintive and guided us on. At last there came a break in the jungle, a narrow track piercing the heart of the scrub, and then a wider break and a warning cry from Long Charlie in advance. " Hello ! Look out ! It's a gully —pretty deep. You might break a leg before you knew it. Keep along up the track." We kept along up the track, waiting to let Long Charlie go first with the lantern. Suddenly the moon, which had risen while we were in the swamp, sent a shaft of light down through the opening, and showed us a little way ahead, where the track widened out and then stopped altogether, a tiny plateau, in the centre of which stood a great white bottle-tree, its trunk perfectly bare, bulging out in the centre like a garment swelled by the wind, and look- ing in its fantastic shape like a sentinel spectre.! It gave one a strange creepy feeling to see his huge white thing rising up so solemnly in the midst of the gloom and the solitude. There was something else white on the grass—something almost the same shape as the bottle-tree lying across at its foot. The moon was dim for a moment or two. Nobody spoke, we pressed up the ridge side, then a hoarse smothered ejaculation burst from Long Charlie's lips, and as he spoke the moon shone forth again and he shifted his lantern so that its gleam fell athwart the white prostrate form, and upon a snake, brown and shiny and scaly and horrible, which uncoiled itself, and with a swift, wavy motion disap- peared into the depths of the scrub. It seemed to us, we said afterwards, as though we could hear each other's hearts beating. The men were too horrified to utter a sound. At last Long Charlie said in a deep, awe- stricken voice : " By God ! That beats me." And then Mick, moving a little nearer, cried with a sob in his brawny throat : " It's Nancy—little Nancy—Sam Duffy's girl from the ' Coffin Lid.' And it was only the other day she came out and served me with a nobbler.' Paddy Mack was sobbing too, they all seemed to know and love the child. " She wur so fond of looking for chuckie-chuckies in the scrub, and quantongs and things. And she might have knowed, poor little Nancy ! that if she wanted quantongs, I'd have got 'em for her ; and didn't I string her a necklace only last shearing ! But she was always a child for roaming—she wasn't afraid of snakes, nor blacks, nor nothing—she said she liked to hear the bell-bird call, and that it seemed to be always calling her. I've heerd her say that—poor little Nancy—always smiling when she carried a chap out a nobbler. And now the bell-bird has rung her home." Long Charlie only said again, " That beats me." They couldn't account for it ; the child had been dead some hours, they they said. They couldn't believe it was that snake which had bitten her, and they declared that the cry we heard must have been the Bunyip, or little Nancy's ghost. THE END. 