THE BED THAT COULD NOT BE MOVED. Br W. W. FESH. I web always inBnenced by coincidences, presentiments, and strange, unaccountable tales. I always enjoyed reading or hearing of them, and lor yean aspired to be the hero ol one. Honrs ol relaxation without a good sensational tale or ghost etory were shorn at half their restfol tis^St. Of course I knew all the trioke of the ghostly romancer by' heart; I was np to all his ancient houses, tapestried chambers, old pictures, furniture, secret, panels, and the like; bnt they amused me none the less, and at one time my only wish was for some personal experience amongst Booh eurronndings. It never asme, however, and when >1 last there did happen to nc < startling ad' venture, it TO amidst circumstances the c tnoat poeuo and commonplace, having for a background nothing more romantic and weird than a newly-erected suburban and * Jerry- boat" brass. Tea, it was in each an unpromising place, and under most matter- cf-lect conditions, y that I passed through an experience of which, Y even to this day, I cannot think without a ehudder. Hot that It was a ghostly form of the terrible, and, though unnatural, could not be said to be supernatural; but it TO ccfficientiy sppsSing to be classed with any romance of dark deede and singular escapes. My business took me entirely out ol the region id romance. I had never had chance of pausing a night in a haunted house at room, and, as my studies in that direction led me only to look in such planes for what I hoped to find, I was perhaps less prepared "for what happened. It came about in this fashion. The Volunteer movement had just commenced, and I, like-other able bodied youngsters, eclitied in the cause with considerable enthnsissm. Five- and-twenty years ago, those who had more money and leisure than the raft were naturally thought the fittest to nnflertake commands, withont much regard to anything else. Here and there exceptions, however, were made to this unwritten rale, and I was one of these, for certainly I had no money, I do not want to appear egotistical; bat I had a tarn lot soldiering, was smart, quick, and fairly well eet op. I aeon aoqiiirsd proficieney snffinimt to justify quick proms tion, and ere long I foond myself captain of my company. It was said I had the making in me of a good soldier. I obeyed to the letter, and expected others to do b the same. . Authority, however, was often m disputed on parade. The position of an officer, therefore, who knew what he was talking about, was not always an enviable one. Mine was not, for I am hasty and o peppery, and seldom measured my words q to che rank and file; hot in the main I do not think I was unpopular, and I certainly had no idea that X was sowing the seeds of G -vengeful 31-wiU. One young fellow there was, however, who displayed a very torbnlent spirit, and perhaps I might have i d doubted him. Bat after one or two din seemly disputes, is our relative capacities of -captain and private, he, like dthea of tus temper, left the corps, and I utterly forgot his existence and his name. After two years, the persistent odd sbonlder turned by the authorities at the War Office towards the volunteers, as is well known, had a very cooling effect upon their enthusiasm. Many of the raiments dwindled visibly; die earnest men became disgusted, and the indifferent threw op what little interest they might originally have taken in ibe movement. I was amongst the former, and when by degrees the numbers became so reduced that the whole afiaii was fast growing farcical, I, too, resigned, and retired for a while Into private life. . Regretfully 7 Yes, lot I had grown fond of .soldiering. Still, I saw that, nnless the movement was placed on a very different looting, the position ol a private was fas preferable to that of an officer; Indeed, was the only becoming one for a citizen-soldier to holtL This feeling led me eventually to join another corps in that capacity. I enjoyed the shooting, the exercise, the drill; refusing all offers of promotion, content to play the humble and obscure part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. When the third year ot this service wee drawing to its close, there came round a certain Easter time, bringing with it, according to aaetom, the YolnnteerBeview.' cared little for theee military promenades, contributing, as they then did. to little else than pomp and vanity; hut I thought I would attend this one, which was to he held in the neighbourhood of Goldchester, my birthplace, away np in the Midlands, bnt to which I had not been for eighteen years. I thought I should like to visit the old and once familiar spot. I heard it bad improved and grown into a large manufacturing town, and i was curious, if not 6entdmsnt&l;, on the subject. M? hosrsrsr, tos las', and, although I knew I could go inexpensively enough for the three days with the regiment, I wanted a longer and more uninterrupted time at the place in order to give my curiosity, and eueh sentiment as I had, fall play, So I determined to spend e week in the town on the aheap, and join headquarters when they g a o l a s s a l A O « f n n i o t l e arrived there. A large, wild, and open tract ol heath and moorland, for whioh the neighbourhood was distinguished, offered a splendid battle-ground for tha amateur soldiers, and this, in fanner days, had been a favourite haunt of mine. Now, I was told, theMburbs ol Goldchester extended nearly to the skirtB of this moor, and leettled that I would try and £od a lodging on that eide of the town. Well, I arrived on the Monday afternoon preceding the Good Friday, and made etraight to carry out my intension, hat t&en; I had threaded my way through what were formerly the limits ot the town in the direction of the moor, I simply lost c myself. Grown and altered, indeed, was eveiything, with lines of new streets, q traxnc&re;, and bustle, where onee had teen green lanes; bnt eventually I got clear ot these and found myself in the new suburb. The outskirts of msnnfsettrring towns are seldom so cheerfal and pretty as these hsppencd to be, and although there was an a unfinished look about the most recently, built streets sad rowsof hocsee, .and ai s though these trere in themselves somewhat m mess and essentially • Jerry-hailt,' they b were not exactly ugly. Thar intension npon the green3iy of Nature had spared many fine trees and clusters of trees which, intermingling pleasantly with the bricks and mortar, veiled and softened the inherent obtnuiveneBS ot the pretentions architectural lines- A fairly broad and pretty river, willow- fringed and rash-aiMgioed, likewise lent considerable attraction to the disiriot through which it wound in many a picturesque sweep and bend. "Therow of houses, in one of whuih I-toot up my abode, hacked on to this river, down to the hanks of which ran little narrow strips of gardens, from the rear ol the buildings, whilst their wooded 1 character afforded a bright and cheerfnl oatlook from the windows. There-swere no^ more than half-a-dozen dwellings In Ohsster Xenaoe, as it modestly called iteeif, acfl when I first oams upon it find saw the voids,' • Apartments for a Single Gentlem«n,1«in the window of an end houEe, I determines ,at,onse to negotiated? (beau lajeei tbe» as oo choice, tor at toe next door—tike nly other ocsupied tenement—there was othing to let j the row did cot appear to ave been tnots than a few weeks. he landlord was at home when X knocked, nd a brass plate on.tbe door informed me hat Ins name was Oarstaak, engineer and urveyor The next door, too, number five, ad another plate on it with the name, Mr. Baphafel Oarstaak, Burgeon, etc.' In reply to my inquiry, (he engineer begged me to walk in. He was effusively polite, bnt hit voice was hartsh, uopletsant, and not without a taint foreign ascent * Would I be so good as to look at the rooms I—on the first floor, hack and boat. He was sore he woold make me comfortable. Wi» daughter in-law was an exs=Uent cock —she lived next door with her husband, and acme in and sot to attsnd npon lodger*.' The terms being low, I went upstairs to inspect. A comfortable sitting-room with bed-room adjoining behind, both simply bat neatly famished; the bed eloue calling for any special mention. It was somewhat peshUar-looking, from being very low, iron withont bangingi, and tor a Bingle person I agreed to engage the apartments for thf ineide of a fortnight. ' Ton have come to take part in our great military display, sir?' said Mr. Oarstaak, watching me as I stood my rifle in a eorner and unslung my knapsack, for of course I was in uniform, and in heavy marching order—rather more heavy perhaps than became a soldier. 'Ah ! it will be a fine display—good practice and excellent training It is an admirable movement, this. My son is a Volunteer and a capital shot, bnt he has not much time—doctors are busy men.' I expressed satisfaction, and the voluble landlord continued: As yon are here so eoon, you mil perhaps enter the rifle competition, which takes place this week on the moor. There are many prizes—tome very valmble, end open to all' some.' Ah! indeedV I said; ' lam glad to know that. -Certainly I shall go in for a tittle shooting, there should be an excellent ! to be found on the moor.' gh < yes, first rate, sir ; bat excuse me, seem to speak as if yon knew the place. are, perhaps, no stranger?' No; I knew Gaidehester years ago.' Beallyl Do you know many of the inhabitants?' • No; I suspeet not now. Host of those I knew are dead, and others wonld not remember me.' 'It is long, then, since yon wen bete? ltany years perhaps?' continued Csxstack, inquisitively, and eyeing me furtively. 'And your name, elr ? your name might be known, if not yourself.' ' My name is Garratt—Bich&rd; Garratt,' I answered, * but I doubt il any ot my family are to be found in Galdchester now.' He appeared struck by the name, started at -it almost, and then regarded me more curiously than ever. ' Bat now. perhaps, you will get me something to eat,' I west on, a littls bored by the man's ounosity and manner. I had rapidly made op my mind that I did not like him. He had a sinister asp»t and a had face, though he was burly good-looking; dark, shoal sixty, and decidedly not wholly English. The dfeot my name prodooed on him set ma wondering if i could remember his as connected with the town, and after a bit 1 did seem to recover a dim memory ol it. Yes; il oertainly was associated somehow with my early days, hot too Vaguely to give me a lead as to any cirsuoutaoee* connected with it. I am naturally taciturn, and on bii occasion I felt unusually depressed. The return to the old place, the recollections it haek, sad she reference the man had to my possible acquaintances is it, revived memories not exhilarating. So after awhile I went forth for a staoll while my meal was preparing. In the coarse the X same across the head* of the local corps, when a placard announced, with the full particulars of the ndes, -entries, etc- that the prizsa for the Rifle Competition oo Ooidstone Moor were 'now on new.' I read, became and went into the building. I Is enter myself at least lor the * All-comers'' Priae—a handsome sBveogilt oblet, frith a parse of twenty sovereigns, nd there it stood amongst others on • sort f oonnter in front of me. I thought t should ike to (rail (hat off; it wonld be very cceptable, and I was prepared to back my kill. I did so, by paying the necessary mall fees to the attendant, had my name nd that of oy fltups entered In the official ist ot competitors, and then looked over it. mongst them was the name of Raphael arataek, doubtless that of my landlord's on, the doctor. shooting was to take place on the two ollowing days, so I determined that I would ot give tray to the sad memories which the eighbourhood revived, and that 1 ehould nfinitely prefer two or three days on the pen, breezy moor, after ail, to speeding hem in wandering about the now, to me, streets. Everything was satisfactory and comfort" abis'at the lodgings, bat the bedstead still attracted my attention. When stooping to look at it, I tried to posh its head close op to' the wall; to my atiiazemeat I found it could st be moved. The short lege were riveted to the floor. Was there ever each a queer arrangement? And what could be purpose? It stood isolated, faring tbe window, bnt, as I say, not with its head dose to the wall; the epaos of a loot at' least was between. Well, I could not make' it oat, so I taineS In and slept sonndly. I may note that a second door in the room appeared to communicate with tbe next house, bat had no lock nor any. sign of fastening on my aide. It seemed to be a fixture, solid and without any apparent means ot bang opened. Tbe next morning I eould not retrain from questioning Hie young Woman—the daughterin-law—who saved my breakfast, about the bed. She appeared unable, oertainly unwilling, to expatiate on the subject. It wax some invention of her father's; he was always inventing one thing or another—Ehe didn't onderetand them. A comely, intelligent, bat sad and scared looking woman, neat, handy, and attractive, bat not quite of the stamp one expects to find in die wife of a medieal man; nor did her ocaupatiou harmonise with her position. Ai she wiis about to leave the room ehe glanced hack at me, and, patting her finger to her lips, said, lowering her voice: • Donl ask about that bed, sir. Don't seem surprised at it. Take my advice.' Then, walking close up to) me, she whispered : * Keep good friends with them—my father and husband I mean.' Startled andanrprised for a moment, I did not speak, and £he was again about to leave the room when I called her back peremptorily. 'What do you mean?' I asked. 'I keep good friends with everybody, I hops ; yonr father and husband are not likely to give me ause to break my habit, I suppose ?' •Ihope not; hntthey are dangerous to uarrel with.' ' How long have yon been married 1' 'Not six .months, and I wish I'd never seen him. 1 Does your husband iS-traat yoa ?' Not qaite that; very near. 'a otthem both.' Tears were starting in her eyes, and she eemed on the point of nnbartheniqg her ind farther when a footstep in the passage elow was audible, and she flew from the room like a frightened hare. • Safficiently mysterious all this,' I thought and not reassuring. Ipnnst keep my eyes open.' Then, in * not ^aite .^omfoctabls frame olmind, I prepared for my shooting expedition, shouldered my rifla, and in the coarse of haIf~sn-hour found myself AOS of many stragglers who were wending their' way towards the riile-wigs. A bright and lovely spring morning, without wind, anS'witfia soft, subdued, y«S clear light", tl wulaUthafa goblshot '.could desire. I do not linger to describe 'the scene. Tho«rrange!nents weriB orderly, aha conducted cfter the usual manner faffeMh ; ptherinpk'' Folontten bom various neigh- Doaring 'oorpe made ap Hie squads - competitors torthevarlons prizes u vi)rioae uniforms txloaging to the Goiacherter p?ny, and two or three'ol th«o eventoilly fell in with -the "«hoofiog* party tor'thValU vomers' which I vag cmuetsel Oar Again I eoon tamed in, bat did not deep well. At first I was strangely restless, and later heavily drowsy and dnam-troubled. Young Carstack and bis father appeared to be standing on either side of the bed, and then one became my own father—long dead. Then they both stooped over me, and they both had my father's faoe close to mine. Thai I was ont on the moor by the butti— firing was going on, ballets whizzed rouod my heed ; one struck me on the arm. and I saw in the distanoe thai it had been fired by young Oantack. He was aiming at me again 1 In my frantic efforts to get under shelter I awoke. This sort of thing seemed' to go on more or less all night, bat when np and dressed X did not ted mash the worse. names and g nalidaatums atieswi, a cut oar ' rifles" duly exatninsd, alter the edstomary e law and h^py^"o-laoky sy«em,.«»r V4nt 0t system, which was adopted in those days, we l marched to the range in charge of a militia sergeant/'and went through the preliminary stages-uf tbe competition. All this I pass over. It is enough that, in the eoo»e of tbe afternoon, I and three others stood out as the four highest eesreis, qualified to shoct off the last stage. Three others, sod as their names were eailed oat, I noted that of Biphtel Ctrstaek. Qoe look left no doabt that he wai the con ot hit father—as like him as he eonld stars and stare he did at me considerably. Nor did I tail to return his gaze, for it had gradually grown npon me that I knew his fao!. At last { caught it, but only just before we had arrivedat the critical moment ot tbe eontsst. He and I had made the two highest score* ont of the four with a tie, and were about to shoot it off, at eight hundred yards. He was io fire first, and as he dropped on his knee in position, be gave me about as maliaioaB a look as human eyes are capable of, and il was that look which told me where I bad seen him before. He was that yonng recalcitrant fellow in my old company who bad inanlted me ott parade five years ago 1 Surely an ominous coincidence this—our being brought together again under these cirtja instances— and in mote direct opposition than ever 1 Whether his temper, stirred by his old animosity and increased by oar present position, affected his shooting, I do not know. Bnt in his five rounds he failed to score what was passible by some three ot four points—the conseqaeoee being that I went in, beat him easily, and was pronounced winner ol the prise. The venom in hie eyes, it is needless to say, was not diminished after this, nor did any civil effort of mine at oonoiliation affect it. I thought it better not to refer to the past—he appeared to do the same. The few words we exchanged referral almost exclusively to the baaaeu on hand; and although I made some nferenoefeo ojy having taksn upmyab ode under his father's roof, he ignored that fact, bring too ranch oecapied io thejneal he was making off his own heart with disgust, mortification, and hatred of me, for having snatched the goblet and the twenty pounds bom his gtatpu At the end of the day, as I retained to the lodgings, I thought to myself: ' Well, whatever his yonng wife may have meant, late hat ordained that I should fly in the very face of her advice t' I had quarrelled most effectually with one member of her -family, and fay no fault of my own. As bed time arrived, my mind naturally reverted more than ever to the girl's reticence about that immoveable bedstead, and I gave it oloaer examination. This showed me that the legs dropped into little sockets or holes in the floor, and could not be lifted out ot them. This looked as if it might be connected with the-room beneath Then what was beneath ! Merely the ground floor back—the landlord's sleeping apartment. Tha window everiooked tha garden behind. Spring tsraiight still lingered in tbe sky, and, as I looked ont, I saw father and eon down at tbe end of tbe garden among the boshes class to ibe Tirer. They ware both attentively regarding rny window at the instant I drew up the blind. When they saw me they faced round, as if disliking-being caught spying. There was nothing in all this, very likely ; yet after what had pasted it was not to be overlooked. There awaited me on the breakfast table a somewhat bulky envelope, containing a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at borne, to whom I had sent my address the night of my arrival in Chester Terracs, As I was about to tear the outer envelope I noticed that it was Boiled, and on a closer sctotiny it looked very much as it it might have been damped and opened after it had been etoek down. Yes, it oertainly had been tampered with. Again, I fancied that the encloiure.s long blue envelope like a lawyer's, had hsen treated in the same way. However, I did not. atop to consider, for I was ignorant of the handwriting and curious to learn the contents. X was not accustomed to reoeiw lawyer'sjetters. Well indeed might I have been curious, for the -document announced that, moat unexpectedly, a certain valuable property, actually in ' Qoldohester itself, had been isft'me by an uncle jott dsoeated. It had belonged to my father, but, through some irregular teohnioality in his will, nad not devolved npon me i X his death as I knew it ought to liave done. Ten years ago I bad had a lawsuit about this property, and lost it- And now here it was btqneathed to me 1 My nnele and I had quarrelled over It, and had not met for years.'[ did not know till this moment 'even where he had been living. And now it turned out he bad lived and died in Goldohester, and had been buried the day before my arrival. Ths Iettar cams Iron: a local lawyer, had been sent to my home,and forwarded thence to me bete again at'Goldchester. Stranger still, an3 yet still' stranger—the property consisted of the very h land on winch this hew suburb, with Chester Terrace in the bentre olit.had been built. This discovery, arrived at only after plose and attentive perusal of the letter now In my hand, literally took my breath away. The bare facts' here condensed must be aeoBpted as sufficient, briefly to explain a very complicated business. Bat they are the fasti, and that is all that is wanted. I did not spend that day at the rifle rangs, as may be gaesied. It was mainly passed in the solicitor's office, and with him in raiting my ancle's residence—» new honse recently built oh the estate. A diQdlcsi, lonely, unloved old man. the solicitor eeemed to have been nearly hie'only triend. . That gentleman, in the course of our long oonfabmatiou^ told me many things concerning him;- one matter "espeoially adding considerably to the curious coincidences whioh. had already .associated with the Carstaoki. It seems that my unole's will, by. which I inherited, had been made four years previously, but that about a week before Us death, he had had another antra, ffhfah .Be, foftontdjr feline, had not signed. By U he had left' that notable estate to jione other than youog Mr. Biphael O&rstack;, the doctor who had been attending him, ever unoe he settled in the neighbourhood. " He is a sharp, knowing tetlow, that,' said the lawyer, 'and aojairpd great influence over your uncle.. I am only sorprised that he did not take ears W see that Ate will was executed. I drew hoth np the documents, and have them in my possession, and I was daily expecting to. be snmmsned to the old gentleman with his eeoond one, that he might sign It. It is strange how people change thslr minds. Four years ago, when he was .fifBt Ol, your nnele was keenly anxioui that yoa should have' the. property—made yon bis ' executor with" me—4old the he regretted having availed himself of the legal inaccuracy, whiah gave it '.to him Instead pt to you. Then thia young doctor gbt'hold of him, mesmerised him, as one maV say, I suppose, for ; a while, and InBabeB aim to sitter tha disposition of his wealth: and yet the old man .coull not make np tuji oind to dis< possess yon. Anyway, _yoa hjsiva'nolhlig' to thaak the doctor for—por he, yea, fair the matter,oF that—there ^wHl be tab love lost between yon.* " ' • ^ ' No,'indeed,* { erclaimsd, »na then I recounted the solicitor my experiences of theCarfttaoc iaily. ' 'Tes,' he said r'it is-very odd, certainly, that you going tberstts" tbe lodger, should MtuiUy, while tinier their root, be transformedibto the ground landlord of : the whole Well," I said, •I ttnnklshaU movsmy topsr • Ike sooner I get away the better nbwi&tnembstihg; What ; fcIr*.'Bapha«l' OarstaokBiid; for,' totting Udohe^lhe .shooting epicde I canlfl not have more thoroughly uoarred tae doctor's aaiatoaicy Ulan by aiting him oat ot the property.' 'Porhipi it woaU be as well,' stid the awyer, 1 tar, to tell you the truth, neither father nor son is qaite beyond suspicion. y Che elder man originally lived in a very low part of the town, and eame there no ose 1 exaotif knows when or why. There it • ramoattMt atone time in his life he was kepi in retirement for his eiontry's good, and although bis son is fully qualified to practise, il is said that, as a medieal stalest in London, he was connected with same proteuor of inetmsriim and spirit, rapping, a charlatan who hai to make himself wsaree. I should never be astonished to hear that this fellow has to do the same some day. He has tittle or no praotioe—seems to be very needy, and I have heard that he and hie father took these two adjoining houses in Chester Tecraos with the idea ol establishing a sort of mesmeric h septal, or something of that kind. The bed yoa mention, ptobasly, is acme soheme in that direction. ' What dose heoertify my ancle diei oil' I aeked dgnifioandy. •Angina Pectoris; bat I believe that's all straight enough. It wonld have been Caratack'e policy to have kepi him alive se long as he coald, or until that seojnd will was signed.' Farther consideration determined me, now that money was ao object, to move to one of the hotels; bat the tbr«e best were qaite fall, owing to the inflar of visitoreand volunteers for the revttw. Four other attempts to get into sacond-elass Inns failed far the same reason. Then I laughed at my weakness. What had I to fear at Cheater Terrace ? Being there, there I woold stay until tbe review was over. My co-executor the lawyer and I dined together that night. We decided that I should say nothing to the Oarstacks an the curious way in whioh fate had mixed the young doctor with my affairs. I would wait and see if they took any notice of it. The father 1st me in, handed me a chamber candle with his osaal politeness, but made no reference to the matter, and X finally went to bed, sleeping fairly well. Bat the following night—the Good Friday Evematters same to a climax indeed. - Nothing particular occurred at the distribution of the prizu, whioh took place in the atteraoon. I neoeived mine from the hands of the Mayoress of Gbldchestar, and brought it borne. Mr. Raphael Oantack did not show np, and his father told me apologetically that he bad a patient to see at k great distance, and probably would not return hom* till the morrow. Tha fellow ostentatiously inspected and admired the goblet, eyed tbe purse cunningly, and congratulated ms. Naturally I liked him lees and less the more I aaw of htm, and now that bedtime had again come round, t had a greater distaste than ever for my situation. But for the lateness ot the hoar, I really think I would have gone oat and hired a bed at any common pablisheass. Bat I mast pass over the eonSici ol feeling with whioh, about midnight, I lay down for the last time on that bed that could not be moved. The silence ot the honse and neighbour hood was entirely undisturbed. The moonlight shone dimly through the halfeurtained window. I was tired, and all bat my troubled, misgiving spirit seemed propitious tor deep, and to deep I went in time. How much of what followed was dream, and how much reality—exoept the end, whioh was real enough, heaven knows !— it is impossible to determine. But here is my experience. As had ooenrred two nights before, it seemed to me that the father and son wets on either side of the bed, bending over me, bnt always with my own father's hue is each case; bnt not, as previously, creating any distress in my mind. Their presenoe rather had a soothing effect now than other, wise; so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that they were sending me to deep; and I know ao more of how long I so remained, or what happened in tbe interval, antil—well, until I found myself planged into the iae-odld water of the river at she foot of the garden, swimming for dear life to tile bank 1 I am no psychologist, and do not pretend to explain what mesial condition X nad passed into ; but the end of that condition, whatever it was, it simply that I was aroused from it by finding myself in the midst of the deep, flowing river, the full moon shining bright and high above my head, glittering on the water and revealing all objeste as dear ai day. Fortunately, I was a good swimmer; otherwise I mast have heen drowned. As It was, after the plunge—how taken I know not —I same to the enifaoe wide awake enough, aa may he sappoesd, and, before I had time almost to be surprised, wss standing safe on the shoce-in my night-dress. Then such a tarmoll x>f amazement, inoredulity, and breathless .wonder, not enmiogled with tenor, took possesrion ol me that, tor many minutes, I could only lean, panting, against a tree... JIw I had in the least steadied my mind, Jthe two Carstacks stood beside me with outstretched hands, proffers ot assistance, and wild expressions of surprise and horror. - 'Good heavens, rirf they cried, atmul taneoudy,. ' what has happened ! What, have yon besn dping? Yoa mast have been walking in your deep T I soold not answer, and the elder continned:' We heard your door open; my son had just ^returned, and we were sitting talking. We hpasd your door open, I say, and your iEodtsteps going dovnitairs; we w d ypu unlook-the back door and go ont; and tyhen jou did not come hack after several minutes, we thonght it ao strange that we hoth.aame out to look for yon, and then irs suddenly saw you standing here! What can jt mean? Pray come indoors. X/ei ns help you.' Still bewildered, but gradually recovering somewhat ot my. presence of mind, I hurried with them back to the honse, into the land' lord's front room, where there was a fire, Toothing ooold be more solicitous than their behaviour. . The youog doctor gave ms some brandy, ami they both aotively helped to dry snd reolothe me. & would be impossible to recount in detail a tenth-put of what waa said on either band. . Saoh a conflict ot astonishment, and scustnde, and attempts at explanation went on in wild and disjointed expressions, that I suppose, two . hoars passed before I went tyibtairs again;' the outcome being that there •eemeg no wsy of aosoaotiaf for what had happened. save thB original one offued, namdy, .lhat I had been walking in my sleep. This I doubted from the first. I hid never dene soph * thing bafora—knew perfectly wdl I had never been sabjest to-somnambulism. • Once again alone in my rooms, an examina tion of them threw no light on the matter. The bed merely looked aa it wonld when one leaves it .after-restless sleep, and the lockless nde-doorinto 'the next house remained firm shot. The prize purse, however, with its twenty sovereigns, which I had placed In my tronsert pooket, had disappeared < The garment had been "brought to me when dresslng below staio^ and the money might have fallen out there. But I was too shakened and fatigoed to distress myself farther then, so I droppfid inlo the easy- ehairin theeitting room. . .The, .spring .dawn soon began to break— all was perfectly slill ouoe more, and I 'was bjginiung 'to jjlozQ, when the very faistest eound .ot a footstep on the landing aroused me. The door opened, and Mrs. Jliphsel entered, more scared .and fear-stricken than ever. *I eannot see tuuder dons,' she whigpared. hurriedly, as, she, ,oune ^ip-toe towards ine.' 'Lsave this house.,: He made " Vfhathp wished. _1 Jiaye heard - him if enoh^hiogs. ,Bp jnade yoo walk t^^V^^bejr^iMJ^'oaght^f tahlinc. I due hot, atop JttkexpUun Ifl. , They might hear jmv:an d wool d ac the jamn- . they will .make ,away •ith ms soms^ay, Xknow., Promise hot to letoot^whfct X «y,—onlyjdon't }ints that bed ^un.anddonMeekkt 1111^ Cfenme^tobt I vainly tried to. ideUin her „ as die 'tSboa Aeir htm am cootnt-wdl heard hej^jS fef njlm^Ut«ii,lightii?Oxjl^itu ^u .kitchen with an ostentation ot noise.. ., It was jost ail had snepeotedt"-then) The ejecraordiavy uoaaiaon wniea o.-«rtaken me was doe to some mystsrioas trickery oonaeoted with that bed—aoms magoeto-elactrfo hanky-pinky io which this doctor.knight have bacoms an adept through bis former association with that spirit-rapping impostor spoken of by the lawyer, f oat was my conclusion as soon as i had time to pull my wits together. What the precise nature of the ptooess was, no one, probably, could say. Nor, tor the sake of the poor woman, wonld I ioqaire too curiously—at leasi, not for the present. Kfuilly for her sake I had abstained ram atfciag Carstack about the bed previously. He I I would quit the hoase forthwith, but withoat, if possiole, arousing suspicion, and, if possible, withont encountering these two villains again. Tuerefore, I eaoployed tbe next hour in quietly paoking my knapsack and bag, etc. At seven o'clock I went downstairs, feeliagsure that tbe men would bs asleep, and calling qaietly to Mrs. Baphael, said: • I am going out, but shall be back to Breakfast at ten.' Inen I hurried away, fully accoutred, and reached my triend the lawyer's before be wss up. An explanation followed, and we decided to send one of his clerks to pay what lowed in Chester Terraoe, aud to say that I was unexpectedly prevented from returning. Thus I passed the G»d Friday, and, eonciiering all things, settled to give up the review and return home on the Saturday, and did so. My changed fortunes implied a changed life, involving much baaiaesa. Whatever views I mignt have formed for ultimately looking farther iato my mysterious experience, and, i! powible, of punishing ibe culprits, were never carried oat, tot ths simple reason that, within a fortnight, letters from my solicitor contained the following information:— 'Tour friends, the Oaretaeks, are in trouble. The wife of the younger was yesterday morning found dead in nerb9d, and there ii so much mystery, I am told, about the cause of her death, that father and son lis ander grave saspicioa.' later on, the following asme to hand:— 'The inquest has failed to solve the mystery, Alt tbe doctors could say was that death had arisen from failure ot the heart's action, though how caused, there was no evidence to show. A verdict io that eflaot, therefore, was returned. Bit that there was foal play somehow may be iaferred from the fact that the two Carstacks have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is going to bs done with their bsloogings. Meanwhile, an examination of the two house! has led to the discovery of en eleotric battery ol great power plaosd directly beneath your remarkable bed and connected with it; whilst wires from it were conducted to another bed in the doctor's house exactly similar to yours, and on which the poor woman was found. I am not scientific, and do hot pretend to explain the working of such mysterious forces ; but these discoveries have been sufficient to iaiaoe the authorities to issue warrants for the apprehension ot both men, on the charge of oontriving the death of yoang Mrs. Carstack.' They were never caught—never heard of again at Goldohester. This was in 1864 Inst year I paid a visit to the States, and, in a prosperous town, far away in the West, a doetor had established himself, who professed to effect wondrous cares by electricity and mesmerism. A pamphlet, issued by him, on tils quack dootor pattern, fell into my hands. In it I read, amidst a mass ol impudent verbiage, his argument to the effect that, as electricity was a marvellous agent in earing hysteria, epileptic fits, eto., so eould it be turned to nsefal aacouut as a great mesmeric curative agent, on the principle of like curing like He urged that soothing, beneficial trances eonld be produced by tbe patient reeliningcn a certain bed, whioh he had patented, and through whioh galvanism could be applied •bar tbe avmsr in which eleotric baths are given. Need it be said that these worde struok me? I took a look at his establishment, aud found that it called itself' The Mesmeric Hospital,' conducted by Dr. Gableton. Bnt as strange coincidences seemed destined to be associated with this matter to the last, I happened, whilst gazing at the house from the opposite aide of the street, to observe a middle-aged man come ont, fn whom I had no difficulty in reoogniiing, despite the lapse of more than twenty years, Mr. Raphael Oars tack. He did not see me, and, as I was passing tbrongb the place, I did not think it my business to trouble myself with him or hie doings. - But the fact nukes a significant end to my story, which, perhaps, would not have been written but tor it.— "All The Year Bound." 