THE GHOST'S TOUCH. FIRST PART. XI. by WILKIE COLLINS. AUTHOR OF “THE WOMAN IN WHITE,” "JEZEBEL DAUGHTER," &c.;, BY THOMAS HARDY, AUTHOR OF "FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD,” &c.; The suggestive events of the day were not at an end yet. At the moment when John Zunt's door closed behind him, Mr Rayburn was recog- jj«:l bvanolil friend, passing in the street _i poison of celebrity in the world of ;:kace, who was professor of chemistry at (.;= of the Loudon hospitals. “ What! have you been submitting your i«:to Mr Zuit Tasked the Professor, point i::to the brass plate on the door. Mrßiyburn explained that he had only been paying an ordinary visit. Mu', you know him V Well, as an mito’r, I cannot speak too highly of your fciead. He has set right a rather serious dinke made, in my ease, by the eorn- Bitcrwhom I am accustomed to employ in hidjii. In other respects, he is one of the forest characters 1 have met with for many line day pad.” "In what wav, may 1 askT The Professor took his friends arm. I hey mikei along the esplanade together. “ IVe live,” said the chemist, “in an age shea literature, art, and science are all alike invaded by the omnipresent amateur. Mr John Zaut is an amateur who practises, wint lie calls 'occult chemistry,’ in his leisure hours. While he was operating on sy foot, he applied the soothing influence of Eittery, delicately laid on; and when lie had done (if I may use a coarse expression) lie pimped me iu my scientific capacity without neriv. The fellow—l beg vour pardon; I forgot he was a friend of yours; let us say tie accomplished amateur —lias collected rime curious old hooks relating to chemistry, al has founded on them some absurd liaries of his own. One of these theories i-t, that the old superstition, which gh believed in ‘ The Elixir of Love,’ aitailly rests on a basis of chemical trail. There arc drugs (he was good tragli to remind me) which affect the mind through the body, and which may' so influ cue the intellectual powers as to place the will of one person at the mercy of the will of anther. ‘ln that way,’ says Mr John Zuit, 'I account for the wonders said to have been piiormcd by tin* Love Draughts mentioned in this old book.’ He turned over a few piges, and pointed to a recipe (or prescrip ts) which, as lie thought, justified his opinion. Hut he would like to know, lie in \-- imed inn, if my wonderful etcetera, etee t.ru, confirmed him in his own view, id is rouble impudence—l beg your pardon bah; we will -say his thirst for know k'lv—'was really ns good as a play, “it there was one serious side to the nsenic that he talked. 1 led him 03 (1 am ashamed to say) for my own Gisscuient, until I made a discovery which hui nut birgained for. The man is igno nu!lv meddling with two medical chemical '•yieoiciits, which may produce disastrous t-nks-il he attempts to put his theories to ‘‘etest. H e denies that he has an inten -lon of doing this—excepting perhaps in the cl «oi some unfortunate animal. Whether '-rci;any good reason to believe him, we r "' a .t s t°l> to enquire. My last words at five him a warning, which I hope ill hive its effect. It might not he amiss ,v‘ ? U ,''D' ,, l your influence over your •kal., ] c ;] bp,, to take that small metal .'““mull he brought with him from Lou nit in a boat, ami when he gets into -■ i! Water to throw it overboard. Arc you ‘■'laic at tit. Ann's ? j’m here iu lodgings •' niy wife, till the end of the week, the ad,h-cs soon- and see us.” ■" the solitude of his own room, 'hat the one prudent "k® would he to remove Mrs Zuit i tried to prepare her sV'i'm tbL_ strong proceeding when s Wii’-"' 5 ‘ l4 l!exl ' ll:l T to take Lucy out for t.;?t y ° U SUil , °= r " t I,iivi "b' forced your .' KV; 'l , t your hrotlier-iu-law’s invita hr'o* u' 18 , VL 'nlured to say, “don’t . „- 1 . von are perfect mistress of your s -i'/ , ! " n '- 'mi have only to come to me ’X 'i ‘ lnd I will take you hack to ; --'billy the next train.” il;7" refused to entertain the I ifia.) a s 10ldd he a thankless creature, p- jSi j V s ' 1 ' S;| td, “if I accepted your pro ■ h im-r.l - dd,d: lam ungrateful enough , J-'lin7-'i/ U \\- ;l Personal quarrel with ‘io ' If I find myself forced to ! i f’n. u-| ,l! 110 o'ovuig her from this rcsolu k-etliei- u" , du> and kiiiey had gone out . •1' ,J1,, n remained at the hotel, ; trntal r!- '* ' d A man of readier i ' ; w to "light have felt at a loss i L.t tke best, in the emergency' ) as f cr,l, f r °uted him. While lie was I 'lfion as ever from arriving at a de -1 Hal \| lle 'I;' 1 ' 50 " knocked at the door. ! U tli? j. rS ''"'turned V lie looked up b'-snhbm w “ s °! )e »ed, and saw to his t r -Mr.lohn Z.int's housekeeper. ''U-. v ,.,u llu ', e "°t done wrong,” she said; : Ltb»|. J’our little girl, sir, to go : hi!d i vit | ‘ ! vit 1 a playfellow. Wo met the T , ' Cl ] "lotlier, at the door of the *«!'! *ot Sl '° " aS suro you < ’ U ' le ri = ! ‘ t >'’ Hay burn :3ir^' o f Luev’vVi 10 "’ it „ tllilt you are in ,"•'ll5 71,0 - ' ' Uore 15 Mrii ’ *3l toll v t T li n(, twell, sir. At least so 135 flr is n-„~; la PP ene d, as I hear, while i- v tuster'7 our l'°"se door; and I had J ' : “ re I L'n. (:r ® to ki'ing Miss Lucy back. ■ s l"'Blilb'i i ’ s!lc ai,d(;d confidentially W « ay , tt WHrd 4,1 Mrs V!d lose no t; ■ ild y 01,t of our house— ,^r Kaybiir "* 111 tllne ' ll do ''ig it.” : ‘ NHy v> M UU hU S«>»' d - He merely mann~» l>Cr !U , l3 "' ei ' ed in a curiously 1,1 jCSt " it Seem e^ .X trt ksome losfc llis ' v 'fe, ! ’ she said, as I | le ‘■ ei ' e »ee of opinion in Parlia m“w’ifbe mil- u j t . lel ' ' le does right or llt! Cosr C ! l,i ?' vife ’ ssiater - Wait I o3 ' li» 810 l i ,,e My master T^ecnsen u a “''= '® :ul 011 lda shoulders; like m p °V Vl ! l . cll esca P e L I JC notice • iu Ins wav of thinking, if one man may marry his wife’s sister, autl no harm done, where’s the objection if another man pays a compliment to the family, aud marries his brother’s widow. My master, if you please, is that other man. Take the widow away before she marries him.” This was beyond endurance. “ You insult Mrs Zant-,” Mr Rayburn answered, “if you suppose that such a thing is possible!” “Oh! 1 insult her, do I? Listen to me. One of three things will happen. She will be entrapped into consenting to it or frighteued into consenting to it—or drugged into consenting to it ” ° Mr Rayburn was too indignant to let her go on. “ You are talking nonsense,” he said. “There can be no marriage; the law forbids it.” “ Are you one of the people who see no further than their noses?” she asked in solently. “ Won’t the law take his uoney ? Is lie obliged to meution that he is related to her by marriage when he buys the license ?” She paused; her humor changed; shestamped furiously on the floor. Tim true motive that animated her showed i„self in her next words, aud warned Mr Rayburn to grant a more favorable heating than he had accorded to her yet. “If you won’t stop it,” she burst out, “ I .wi11.!... If he marries any. body, he is bound ‘to Will you take her away ? I ask you, for the last time —icill yon take her away ?” The tone in which she made that final appeal to him had its ellect. “I will go back with you to John Zuit’s house,” he said, “ aiid judge for myself.” She laid her hand on his arm—“ I must go first—or yon may not be let in. Follow me in five minutes; aud don’t knock at the street door.” . She left him instantly. He reckoned five minutes by his watch, anil followed her. She was waiting for him behind the door. “ They are both in the drawing room,” she whispered, leading the way upstairs. “ Step softly, and take him by surprise.” Uitli a dexterous hand she noiselessly opened the door, aud let him into the room. XII. A table of oblong shape stood midway be tween the drawing room walls. At the end of it which was nearest to the door John Zuut was seated, stirring some liquid in a silver cup. Taken completely by surprise, he show ed himself in his true character. Ho started to his feet, aud protested with an oath against the intrusion which had been committed on him. Heedless of his action and his language, Mr Rayburn could look at nothing, could think of uothing, but Mrs Zant. She was standing at the opposite end of the table, in the full flow of sunlight pouring at that moment into the room. Her eyes looked out straight before her—as void of all expression as if they- had been eyes com posed in sleep. Her lips were a little parted; her head drooped slightly towards her shoulder, in an attitude which suggested listening for something or w aiting for some thing. Perfectly insensible to the sudden opening of the door, to her brother-in-law’s violence, to the words of sympathy which Mr Rayburn addressed to her—there she stood between "the two men; a living creature, self isolated in a stillness like the stillness of death. John Zant’s voice broke the silence. His temper was under control again; he had liis reasons for still remaining on frieudly terms with Mr Rayburn. “ I am sorry I forgot myself just now,” he said. “ \Ye are both of us naturally anxious about her.” He pointed to his sister-in-law, and went on stirring the liquid in the silver cup. “ U’heu did this happen?” Mr Rayburn asked. “ Xot half an hour ago—just as she was at the door of this house. I was fortunately' at home. Without speaking to me, without noticing me, she walked up to the stairs like a person in a dream. She placed her self where she stands now. She has not moved since. It’s a nervous seizure of a peculiar kind. Something resembling cata lepsy’, as you see.” “ Have you sent for a doetor ?” “ A doctor is not wanted.” “I bog your pardon. It seems to me that medical help is absolutely’ necessary’.’’ “ Be so good, sir, as to remember that the decision rests with me, as the lady’s relative. I understand the nature of the attack; and I am about to apply the remedy.” Mr Rayburn approached him, determined to get possession of the cup. “ A remedy’ of your own devising?” he asked, moving a iitt-le nearer. His face probably betrayed him. John Zant increased the distance between them. Advancing round the right side of the table, he drew near to Mrs Zant. She moved before he had passed over the space between them. Her slill figure began to tremble. She lifted her drooping head. Fora moment there was a shrinking in her—as if she had been suddenly touched by something. She seemed to recognise the touch —she was still again. John Zant watched the change. “ She is beginning to recover her senses, ’ lie said: “the remedy will help her.” He advanced again; he passed into the flood of sunlight flowing over her. Mr Ray bum followed him. determined to prevent it if he ollcred the cup. He waited a little —closely observing her. “ Rouse yourself !” he said. •She remained in the same position; ab sorbed in her thought or in her dream. “ Rmise yourself!” he repeated, “and drink this.” At the instant when lie held it out to her —at the instant when Mr Rayburn’s hand was lifted to seize it—the cup dropped from his lingers. 11 is arm remained outstretched. With "i shriek of horror, he struggled to draw it back —struggled, in the empty brightness of the sunshine, as if some invisi ble'grip had seized him. “ What has got me?” the wretch screamed. “ Who is hold ing me ! Oh, the cold of it! the cold of it!” His features became convulsed; his eyes turned upward until only the white eyeballs were visible. ILo fell prostrate with a crash tluit sliuok the room. The housekeeper heard it, and rushed in. •She knelt by her master’s body. With one hand she loosened his cravat. With the other she pointed to the end of the table. Mrs Zant still kept her place; but there was another change. Little by little, her eyes recovered their natural living ex pression—then slowly closed. She tottered backwards from the table, and lifted her hands wildly as if to grasp at something which might support her. Mr Rayburn hur ried to her before she fell—lifted her in his arms—and carried her out of the room. One of the household servants met them in the hall. He sent her for a carriage. In a quaiter of an hour more Mrs Zant was safe under his care at the hotel. XIII. That night a note written by the house keeper was delivered to Mrs Zant. " The doctors give little hope. The para lytic stroke is spreading upwards towards his face. If death spares him he will live a helpless man. I shall take care of him to the last. As for you—forget him.” Mrs Zmt gave the note to Mr Rayburn. “ Read it, and destroy it,” she said. “ It i3 written in ignorance of the terrible truth.” He obeyed—aud looked at her in silence, waitin'* to hear more. She hid her face. The few words that she addressed to him, after a struggle with herself, fell slowly and reluctantly from her lips. She said, “ Ho mortal hand held the hand of John Zant- The guardian spirit was with me. The promised protection was with me. I know it. I wish to know no more.” Having spoken, she rose and gave him her hand. He opened the door for her, seeing that she needed rest in her own room. Left by himself, he began to consider the prospect that was before him in the future, liow was ho to regard the woman who had just left him ? Asa poor creature,weakened by disease, the victim of her own ueivous delusion ? or as the chosen object of a super natural revelation—unparalleled by any similar revelation that he had heard of, or had found recorded in books ? His first dis covery of the place that she really held in his estimation dawned on his mind, when he felt himself recoiling from the conclusion which presented her to hjs pity’, and yielding to the nobler conviction which felt with her faith, and raised her to a place apart among other women. XIV. They left St. Ann’s the next day. Arrived at the end of the journey, Lucy held fast by Mrs Zant’s haud. Tears were rising in the child's ayes. lt Are we to bid her good-bye?’’ she said sadly to her father. He seemed to be unwilling to trust him self to speak; he only said, •' My dear, ask her yourself.” But the result justified him. Lucy was happy again. [The End.] To be followed by A MERE INTERLUDE 