? fig gfMIIlIMI. ? To Call Her Milne. | By Waltek Besant.] Avihor of ' AU Sorts and Conditions of Mat, ' 'The Revolt of J {an.' *' Dorothy Torstcr ,' ?' Children of Gibeon -$r. Chatter V. I FOR BETTER, FOR WORSE. The reason why farmers, gardeners, and cultivators of the soil generally are so fond of sitting down upon anything that offers, leaning against doorposts, hanging over gates, and in every -way J relieving the legs of their natural duties, is. T sunnose. because tliev e-et un so early. If a man is crossing a meadow after rain, or a ploughed field after a thaw, at 6 in the morning, lie finds com fort on a waggon-shaft at 7 in the evening. It is not because he stands so much, but because he is standing so early. Shopcirls do not want to be always^ sitting when the shop is closed: tliev would rather be dancing : and policemen off duty are said to take their rest standing, for aught I know, on one lep-, like the secretarv bird. George Sidcote, on this July evening, had been up since 5, and he waited for his sweetheart, a briar-root between his lips, sitting on the shaft of a waggon under the Iinney, where it was shady and cool. When Mary came through the garden-gate he rose slowly, partly because he was a Devonshire man and partly because if a man is over 6 feet in stature he natur ally takes longer to get upon his feet than one of the short-legged brotherhood, who are jointed with indiarubber. Ihen he laid his pipe down upon the waggon, took both her hands in hip, bent over her and kissed her gravely on the forehead, as if to seal her once more for his own. There!was littlo of the sweet love-language between these two; they belonged to each other; they were so well assured of tlae fact tlisjt tliors m as no need to renew their vows any more than between a couple who have been married 'a dozen years. ' George !' said Mary, softly. ' Mary !' George whispered. Some maidens would like more of the passion and rup ture which finds vent in passionate and rapturous words — 6iich as those employed by all poets and by novelists in that line of business. Very few young persons, even of the most dazzling beauty, get this passion and rapture, simply because their lovers, however capable in other res pects, are incapable of finding those words. Men, there fore, fall back upon the commonplaces of passion — mere ' dear ducky' language— though their hearts' be red hot, and though, in the language of the last century, they burn, and melt, and die. You may observe in the' law reports, though many actions for breach of promise are tried, and many love- letters are read, the lover seldom, indeed, rises above the ' dear ducky' level, except when he drops into verse, which is never original. George Sidcote, certainly, could not rise to these flights of articulated speech, nor would Mary have understood him had he made the at tempt. She was satisfied to know that he was her lover. To have a lover, or a sweetheart at all, my dear young ladies, ought to make you extremely proud, though never arrogant ; and, really,' to have such a comely lover as George Sidcote, yeoman of Sidcote Farm, Challacombe, is, perhaps, the greatest gift tiiat the fairies have in their power to bestow. As for his stature, it was over 6 feet : and as for his form, it was like Tom Bowling's — of the manliest beauty; but Tom had the advantage, denied to George, of setting off that beauty with a greased pigtail as thick as a club. His face was steadfast, his cheek ruddy, his {eyes clear and honest :but, like Mary's before her uncle had his dream, his eyes were troubled. They sat down together on the waggon-shaft, side by side, and George took up his pipe. ' I 6aw him this morning,' he said, slowly — Mary knew very well 'who was meant by 'him' — 'and I told him what I told jtou the other day, my dear.' ' What (fid he say ?' ' He 6aid that he knew it beforehand. He had calcu lated it all out on paper, and he was certain, he said, that this season would be the last. 'Very well,' he said, 'the law provides a remedy when the interest or the Iprincip al cannot be repaid. Of course,' he added, ' I am not going to lose my money.' That is what he said first, Mary.' 'Oh! and what did he say next?' ' I told him that, if he would give his consent, your for tune would nearly pay off the mortgage.' ' What did he say then ?' 'Well, Mary, then we had a little row — not much. He said that it was clear I only wanted your money, and he should never give his consent. I said it was clear he meant to make any excuse to refuse his consent, ain order to keep your money in his own hands.' ' I am sorry, George,' 6aid Marv. ' He told me nothing of this.' 'It. was not likely that he would tell you. He heard what I had to say in his dry way, and then' asked me if there was anything more that I wished to say. Well, Mary, I waB roused a bit by this, and I reminded 'him that, if you did not receive your aunt's fortune, David would be entitled to the money. Well, he was not the least put out. He only laughed — his laugh is the sort that makes other people cry — and said that you were a good girl, but silly, like most girls, and if you chose to throw away your for tune he was 6orry for you, but he could not prevent it. Well, Mary, I came away. So that is done with ; and this is the last year there will be one of the old stock in the old place.' 'Courage, George,' she said, ' we will do something ; we will go somewhere— somehow we will live and prosper yet.' ''Somewhere!'' he echoed, and 'somehow!' Well, I have a-pair of hands and a pair of broad shoulders — yes. But you, Mary, and my mother?' ' Courage,' she said again ; ' have faith, George. Even if we hare to go away we shall be together. I was reading yesterday a story about settlers in Canada. It had pictures, there was the wooden house, and the clearing with the forest all round ; I thought it might be ours. I read how they worked, this pair of settlers, and Jiow they gradually got on, clearing more land, and increasing their stock till they became rich in everything except money. I thought of ourselves, George; we shall not want money if we can live on a farm of our own somewhere, and if we can work for ourselves. You are so strong and brave ; you do not mind hard work ; and— and— let us have faith, George. God is good. If we must go from here we will go with cheerful hearts, and leave my poor uncle to his lands and ?wealth.' Thus, when Adam and Eve went forth together from their Paradise into the cold world, it was the woman who admonished and exhorted the man. In these latter days it liath pleased Providence in wisdom to :iili ict the Briti-h i;:riiier with Lad si. asous and low prices, :;nd the project of worse lo follow : wherefore, he will perhaps soon become a creature of the past, and the broad tic-res of Great Britain and Ireland will be turned into pheasant preserves and forest land for ihe red- deer, let at fabulous prices lo millionaires from the 'United States. As for the rustics, all except ono in 50 will migrate to the towns, where they will seek for work and will find none, and then there will be riots and risings, with murders and robbery. What will happen after that I do not know, except that there will certainly be no recruits left for the British anny: so ihat, unies?, as seems possible, other nations may be similar ;:nd similarly affected, our nation w ill M'esenrly go under, and bo no more heard of, except in history: anu someone will write 'Britannia i'uit' on a gigantic slab, and .stick it up on ihe cliil at Dover for all lhe world to read. George Sidcoie's history niay be guessed from his words. An inheritance of a small estate, a single farm, his own land and the Ln:d that Lad been his forefathers' ; the estate encumbered with a niortgaire, which had become in these bad times harder lo payoff than rent, because rent mav be adjusted, but th' o per cent, is like the law of thc Mcdos and Persians. Anil the time had come when the struggle could no lunger bo maintained: the land would be taken from him. It is nor wonderful if the young man looked sorrowful, and his countcnance was heavy. ' What does it mean':' George asked, in ever-increasing wonder. '? Formerly, there was nothing in the world so valuable as the land. 11 a man had money, he bought land ; if a man wanted an investment, he put it out on mortgage. Is the land gone worthless? My lather. Mary, was offered, if he would sell his land, three times the money that old Dan lent liim on mortgage, and now it would not sell, at most, for more. What does it mean ?' Al;:.- ; This is a question which is asked daily not only by farmers, like George, but by deans and c-auons, rectors and vicars, colleges and schools, landlords and investors, widows and orphans, those who keep shops in country towns, the thousands who live by working for the farmers, the engineers and wheelwrights, the corn factors and middle men ; nay, even by those who live by providing the pleasures of the rich. What does it mean ? And are the fields of these islands to become as worthless as the slag that lies outside the smelting furnaces ? Shade of Cobden, deign to listen ! What does it mean ? ' Oh, George !' said Mary, ' does it help us at all to ask that question ?' Indeed, George was as importunate with this difficulty as her uncle was with his lost money. ' Let us face the 'trouble, whatever if is. You will let me go with you — I will not be a drag upon you— if it is only to take care of mother for you.' He threw his arm around her neck and kissed her again — an unusual demonstration from him. ' You would put courage into a cur, Mary,' he said. ' There! I have done what I could, and I have told yeur uncle my mind. Let us talk of something else. Oh ! I for got to say that Will has come down. We shall find him waiting for us at the church. 'Will? I am glad.' ' He got away a week before he expccted.' ' Ke will cheer you up, George.' ' Yes; he talks as if nothing mattered much, and every thing was a game. The Londoners have that way, I sup pose. It is not our way.' They left the linney and the little brook, and walked away through the narrow lanes, holding each other by the hand like two children, as they had always done since they were children together, and George, who was three years This Will— I do not mean the Will and Testament of older, led little Mary by tbehand to keep her from falling. Mary's aunt— that George spoke of with irreverence was » Will Nethercote and the stranger listening to the choir. -Chafteh VI.— To CAll Her Mine. none other than myself, the person who narrates this true history of country life for your amusement and instruction. I am sure, at least, that it is fuller of instruction than most of the leading articles that I am allowed to write. I am Will Nethercote, in fact; and though of the same surname as Mary, and a Devonshire man by birth and descent, am no relation to Mary. I once endeavoured, it is true, to remedy this accident, and proposed to establish a very close relationship indeed with that dear girl, but I was too late. My father was the rector — you may see his monument in the churchyard— and when I left Oxford I found I had no vocation for the life of a country clergy man. Heavens! what a calm and holy life some men make of it, and how some do fret and worry because of its calmncss and inactivity. Therefore I became a journalist. It is a profession which suits me well, and I suppose if I live another 4J years and arrive at 70 I shall have written 9000 more leading articles, and my countrymen will then be saturated with wisdom. And when I retire, no one will ever know lhe name of the man who led them upwards to those higher levels of knowledge and philosophy. I did not wait for these young people in the churchyard. I walked down the lane to meet them. I declare hat my heart leaped up only to see that sweet, fond girl walking with her Inver, only to see the glow upon her checks and the soft light in her eyes. What says tho foolish old song, ' I'd crowns resign to call her miner' Crowns, quotha ! If I had an earl's coronet, bishop's mitre, royal crown, or even a tiara, I would resign it with tho greatest alacrity for such a prize. Happy lover ! though to win his bride ho must take her penniless, while he has to give up his own broad lands. Well, she was not for me. Mary greeted me with her usual kindness, bearing no re sentment on account of that proposition of mine aboyo referred to. 'And l;ow is George behaving, Mary? And has tha dragon relented?' ' George always behaves well,' she said. ' But aB for the dragon' ? She shook her head. 'See now, Mary,' I said; 'I mean to put the ease before a lawyer. I will do it directly I go back. In the will— I went to Somerset House on purpose to see it — your aunt leaves you £6000, to be paid to you on the day that you marry with your uncle's consent. If you marry with out his consent it is to go to David. VVell, David has gone away, no one knows where, and perhaps he is dead, or will never come back. Suppose you were to marry now without your unclc's consent, who is to have the money ?' '' My uncle says it will be his own.' ' We shall see to that. It is a case for a lawyer's advice. And I will get that advice directly I go back.' I did not consult a lawyer on the point for a very good reason, as you shall hear. I suppose that as civilisation advances such wills with conditions so absurd will cease to be made ; or, if they are made, will be put into the hands of . novelists for their purposes in treating of a world that has gone by. Girls who have money left to them will have it handed over when they come of age, with perfect liberty to marry as they please. Certain it is, considering the great interest which we all take in each other's affairs, there will not be wanting plenty of friends to give advice and infor mation as to the character, reputation, and income of aspi rants. I have sometimes thought that nobody ought, under any circumstances, to make any will at all, or after his death to do by his own provision and ordering any good or evil whatever. But I find this docirine at present in advance of the world, and therefore it commands no favour. ?' 1 am not back in Challacombe yet, Mary,' I went on, because I knew the trouble that was before them and in their minds, and 60 I began to make talk. ' This is only a dream. I am in Fleet-street. I am in the lobby of the House. I am writing a political leader at midnight, and just dreaming of Challacombe, It takes a week to get the streets and the papers out of my head, a whole week! what a curtailment and docking of a holiday. A whole week sliced out of a month ! and then 11 months more of slavery. Man's life is not a vapour, Mary. I wish it was. Vapours don't grind at the mill every day.' I turned and walked towards the church with them, in the narrow lanes between the high edffes. The beautv of earlv siimmnr was gone, but there are still flowers in plenty to make them beautiful in J ulv and August. The honeysuckle was out; the blue scabious and the foxgloves are not yet gone; there are the pink centaury, the herbro bert, the red-robin, the campion, the meadow-sweet, the sheep's-bite, the oxeyed daisies, the blackberry blossom, and the rowan berries — green or greenish-yellow, as yet, old friends all, aud friends of Mary's. We talked of indifferent subjects, of what had happened since 1 last came down. One of the rustics was dead, another had nearly lost the use cf Jiis legs in the cold weather, and now hobbled on crutches— in these high lands rheumatism seizes on all the old and on many of the middle-aged, so that Moreton llampstead, the metropolis of the moor, seems on market-day like the native city of M. le Diable Boiteaux ; one or Uvo village girls had been married; such a farm was still wanting a tenant, and so on. Pleasant to talk a little of the place where one was born, and of the people whom one has known from infancy ; pleasant to be back once more among the hills and streams. But that subject of which we are all thinking — George's impending ruin— lay like a lump of lead on our hearts. And so we walked through the darkening lanes, our faces to the west, 60that Mary's glowed in the golden light like an angel-face ina painted window, and presently came to the church. Chapter VI. THE CHOIR PRACTICE. In the church the choir were already assembled, and were waiting for them. They are so old- fashionea at Challacombe that they actually suffer the maidens to sing in the choir with the boys and the men. 'Tis a Christian custom, though for bidden by some modern ecclesias tics ; and why women still consent to go to churches where their sex is continually insulted by exclusion from the choir, as if they were really the unclean creatures of the Monkish mind, I know not. Some day, when they understand the thing, and what it means, and what a deadly insult it is to Mother Eve and her daughters, there will be a revolt the like of which no church lias ever yet seen, and a Bchism compared with which all previous schisms will have been mere trifles. The choir of Challacombe consisted, therefore, of half-a-dosen boys, and as many village maidens, with Harry Kabjahns, the blacksmith, for bass, and George Sidcote for tenor. There was a harmonium at the west end, and the choir sat in front of it. Formerly there were violins, a 'cello, and a clarionet ; but these have fallen into disfavour of late years, and I know not where one may now go to hear the quaint old village church music, which had its pointe, of which a solemn and awe-inspiring droning and a mys terious rumbling were perhaps the chief. As soon as we arrivfed, the practice began. They sang, right through, first the chante and then the hymns J both for Morning and Evening, so that the practice took an hour and more. The voices and the singing were as familiar to me as the rustling of the trees outside and the cackling of the geese upon the green. I sat in. the porch an'd listened, watching the fading light in the windows and the shadows tailing along the aisles, while the voices of the choir, uplifted, rang out clear and true, and echoed around the walls of the empty church, and beat about among the rafters of the roof. It is an old church and a venerable, though they have now taken away the ancient, crumbling, and worm -eaten pews, which were, I dare say, ugly, and yet gave character to the church. With the old pews disappeared certain memories and asso ciations. Vou could no longer picture, because you could no longer gaze upon them, how, in the old days. Grand father Herges went round, cane in hand, to chastise the boys in the middle of the sermon; he did net take them out into the churchyard and there administer his whacking, but he whacked them in the very pews. Grandfather Derges has now retired from his function as sexton, though he still breathes these upper airs, and hobbles along t he lanes upon his sticks. Great-uncle Sam Derges, however, still carries round the plate on Sunday. The old pews are pone, and with them, also, the memories of ihe yeomen who sat in them, each family in its own place, Irom gene ration to generation. As tiie yeomen, too, arc gone^ and only tenant-farmers left, perhaps it is as well that the pews have gone. Something, however, is left of the old church. They have not taken down the ancient rood-screen, with its painted Apostles in faded colours, on which, in the old days, I was wont to gaze with wonder and curiosity, what time my father mildly read his discourse, which everybody heard with attention and nobody heeded. Had the jtector pos sessed the lungs of Peter the Hermit, and the persuasion of Bernard of Clairvaux, 'twould hare been all the same, fur the sermon to the rustic means nothing but a quarter of an hour of good behaviour in the presence of his betters. Presently it grew so dark that they lighted two or three candles on the harmonium, where they showed, amid the shadows of the aisles, like far-off glimmering stars. Among the voices I could clearly distinguish George's clear high tenor and Mary's soprano. They rose above the rest and seemed to sing each for each alone, and to fit the music by themselves, as if they wanted nothing but each other, ana could together make sweet music all their lives. Outside, the clouds had come up again and were now rolled over all the sky, so that the evening was strangely dark for the time of year, and there was a rambling of Bummer thunder among the hills and in the combes, ?which echoed from side to side and ran down tho valley elopes. Then my thoughts left the choir and the singing and wandered off to the subject which made them both so sad. The situation was gloomy. How could I help save to stand by and encourage to patience ? George had already told me all. It was, indeed, what I fully expected to hear. ' I can no longer keep tip the struggle,' he said; 'the land cannot pay the interest on the mortgage, even if I live as poorly as a labourer and work as hard. I havo seen Daniel Leighan, and I have told him that this year must be the last. When the harvest is in, he must foreclose if he pleases. It is hard, Will ; is it not ?' ' Is there no hope, George ?' ' None. Either the interest must be paid, or the princi Sal. Else — else' — he paused and sighed — ' else there will e no more Sidcotes left in Challacombe.' ' But if he would consent ? ' ' He will never consent. He would have to part with Mary's money if he did consent. He means to keep it in his own hands. We are tight in the old man's grip. He ' will foreclose; then he will have Sidcote, as he got Berry Down and Foxworthy, aud he will keep Mary's fortune.' ' What will you do, George ?' ' I shall emigrate to some place, if there is any place left, where a man can till the land and live upon it. Will, is there some dreadful cuTse upon this country for our sins, that the land can no longer be cultivated because it will not even keep the pair of hands which dig it and plough it?' ' I know nothing about our sins, old man : that depart ment never furnishes the theme for a leader. But there are certain economic forces at work — which is the scientific way in which we put a thing when we don't see our way about— economic forces, George, by which the agricultural interests of the country are being ruined and its best blood is destroyed by being driven from the fields into the towns. Our sins may have been the cause ; but I don't think so, George, or else you would have been spared. Now, economic forces— confound them ! — act on saint and sinner alike.' ' I work like the farm-labourer that I am. There is nothing I do not try to save and spare ; but it is in vain. The land will no longer bear the interest.' ' What does Mary say F' ' She will go with me. Whatever happens, she will he happier with me than here— alone.' ' Right, dear lad. Where should she be hut with you r' ' We will marry without his consent. Then he will be Will Nethercote turned and walked towards the Church with George and Mary.— Chapter V.— To Call Her Mine unmolested in her fortune and my farm. I dare say there will he a hundred or two left after the smash. Poor girl ! — and I thought we should have been [so happy in the old place. Poor Mary !' Here was enough for a man to think about in the porch ! What could I do r How could I help? Was there any hope of bending the will of a stubborn, avaricious old man by pleading and entreaty ? Could 1 pay off the mortgage ? Why, I had no more money than any young journalist just beginning to make an income may be expected to have. At the most, I might find a few hundreds to lend. But Challa- | combe without Mary! Sidcote without George! — then j there would be no more beauty in the woods; no more sunshine 011 the slopes ; no more gladness on the breezy Tors! And the past came back to me — the past which always seems so tender and so full of joy ; 1 saw again the two boys and the girl playing together, rambling over the downs, climbing together the granite rocks, reading together— alwavs together. How would Challacombe con tinue to exist unless two out of those three remained together The black clouds hanging low made the evening so dark that outside the porch one could see nothing. But the lightning began to play about aud lit up the gravestones with sudden gleams. Presently, looking out into the blackness, I discovered, in one of these flashes, a man in tho churchyard walking about among the graves. This was a strange thing to see. A man walking among the graves after dark. I waited for the next iiash of lightning. When it came, I saw the man quite clearly; he was bending over a headstone, and peering into it, as if trying to read the name of the person buried there. There is something uncanny about a man in a quiet village churchyard, choosing a night darkened with thunder-clouds for the perusal of tombstones. One thinks of a certain one who lived among the tomb.sr aud he was a demoniac. Then the man left the grass, probably because he could no longer read any of the names, and began to walk along the gravel walk towards the porch : perhaps because he saw the lights and heard the singing. Vou know how, some times, when the air is full of electricity, one shivers and trc-mbles and hears things as in a dream ? Well, I seemed to recognise this man's footstep, though I could not tell to whom it belonged ; and I shivered as if with prescience of coming trouble. Whoever the man was, he stood at the entrance of the porch, and looked about him in a hesitating, doubtful way. The choir were just beginning the last of their hymns : I ead, kindly light, amid the encircling gloom ; Lead Thou me on. ' That's the voice of George Sidcote,' said the stranger aloud, and addressing himself, not me. ' He always sang the tenor ; I remember his voice well ; and that's the voice of Mary Nethercote; 1 remember her voice, too. That's Harry Kabjahns, the blacksmith, singing bass : a very good bass he always sang. Ay ; they are all there— they are all there.' ' Who aie your' I asked. ' Who are you to know all the people A sudden flash of lightning showed me a ragged man with a great beard, whom I knew not by sight. ' I know you, too. I didn't see you at first. You are Will Nethercote.' His voice was hoarse and huskv. ' \ ou are the son of the Rector. I remember you very well.' ' I am ; but the Rector is dead; and who are you ?' ' Before I go on,' he said ; ' before I go on,' — he repeated these words as if they had some peculiar signifi cance to him, — ' 1 thought 1 would come here first and see his grave— his grave— the place where they laid him— and Ithought 1 would read what they wrote over him — how ho died, you know — just out of curiosity, and for something to remember.' 'Laid whom?' The man, then, was, like that other, doubtless a demoniac. _ ' I should like to think that I had seen — actually' seen — his grave,' he went on. ' But the night has turned dark, and I can't read the names, and haven't got a match upon me. Will you tell me where they've laid him ?' ' Laid whom, man ? Who are you looking for?' 'I am. looking for the headstone of Daniel Leighan.' ' Daniel Leighan ?' ' Old Dan, they used to call him '; who^died six 'years ago, oi' thereabouts.' ' You mean Mr. Leighan of Gratnor ?' 'The same, the same! I suppose Mary Nethercote got j Gratnor when he died. Thev alwavs said that he would leave her all he had, Gratnor Farm nnd Foxworthy and Berry Down. Oh, she'd be rich with all those lands.' ' Who told you that Daniel Leighan was dead?' '1 saw it,' he replied, hesitating, 'I saw it in tho papers. There was some talk about it at the time, I believe, A — a— a Coroner's inquest, I w as told ; but I never heard the verdict. Perhaps you remember the verdict, Will Nethercote, and would kindly tell me ? I am — yes — I am curious to hear what the verdict of the jury was ? ' ' You are strangely misinformed. Daniel Leighan is not dead.' ' There is only one old Dan Leighan, and he is dead,' returned the strange man. ' I tell you that old Dan Leighan is still living. He is George Sidcote and Mary Nethercote.— Chapter V.— To Call Her Mine. paralysed in Lis leys, it you rail that dpnd : but if vgu have business with liim you will find that he is very luiich alive — as much alive as you.' ' Not dead !' The man reeled aud caught at the pillars .if the porch — ' not dead '? Do you know what you arc saying F' *' jio more dead than you.' il Oh he groaned ; ' this is a trick you are playing : What do you play (ricks for F He is dead and buried long J since.' * I ' I think you must be mad, whoever you are. _ I tell you that Daniel Leighan is alive, aud now in his chair at limine, where you may find him to-night if you please to look for j hiii).' * ' Not dead ! not dead !' Cv the frequent flashes of the j lightning 1 had now made out lliat he was a vervrough looking man, in very ragged and tattered dress, looking like a labouring man but for his beard, which was much larger and fullcr{than an English labourer ever wears. 'Not dead! — can it be? Then I've had all the trouble for nothing— all tho trouble tor nothing. Not dead!' He kept on saying this over and over again, as if the wonder of the thing was altogether too much for him. ' W hat do you mean F' I asked, ' by your rubbish about nn inquest and a verdict? What inquest should there be ? And what do you mean by saying that you saw it in the papf rs f ' ' . * 'Not dead? Then how should his ghost walk if he is not dead : Are you sure that Daniel Leighan — Old Dan — is alive this day— the same Old Dfln'r' ?' I suppose it is the same Old Dan. There haB never been any other Old Dan that I know of.' ' Ii can't be the same. It must be the Devil.' ' That is possible: nnd now you mention it I think he may be. and very llk'-ly is, the Devil. But I wouldn't say ^0 openly, if 1 wove you.' '? Sot dead !' lie turned and walked slowly away. I heard him step ping, over the stile, and ihen the sound of his footsteps ccnsed, as if he was walking over the village grcrn, which, in fact, was the case. 'l he voices of the choir ceased ; the candles were extin guished. and the singers came out. Wo two men walked home with Mary. Tin re was no air in the lanes, the night was ho) and sultry, and the lightning flashed incessantly. 1 told (hem on the wov my little adventure with the strange man peering about among the tombs. 'Ii was' like a bit of some old German story,' I said. ' I don't know why a German story; but when there is lightning with darkness, gravestones, and a mysterious figure, one thinks of Germany somehow. I thought he was the spectre of some dead and gone villager come back in his old clothes— gone ragged, you know, in his wanderings about the other world— to take; a walk round the church yard annmg his friends ; a strange thing to be prowling among the tombs to read the name of a man still living!' ' Who could he lie:' ar-ked Mary. ?? 1 ik-.iiiglit 1 if.it w Lis fooMep, but I did not know his voi« e. 1 tanr.o! lull who it «?«!?. Lie knuw your wi'-e, ; .Mi ri, ; av-d V'Uis, - : --ai ; and. Harry, tho Dack- i smith's ? Good hes- ' tot Uc-ro ray sm-iaoi-v «u the ? iu:;U i.KVilC- back. scitk OI the ilgilUimg j ?JjsIh-s— ?' ' ;ood heavens ! how did 1 come not to reeo^nisc j bin; at, onct! Mary, it was : — —how could I have to rfioiieni Why, the thing may change your whole future!' ? ' Will, what do you mean ' Your whole future, Man' ! Your ur.ele refuses his consent bccause he thinks that David is dead; well, then, David is alive ! For the man who prowled among the tombs and wanted to sec your uncle's headstone was no other than David Iieighnn himself— come home again in rags !' ? [Chapter V. was inadvertently used last week without the illustrations ; as the pictures help to give interest to tbe story, we repeat the chapter, in order that our readers may have tiie benefit of the illustrations. —Ed, S. M.\ 