THE LATE BANQUET. In following Sir Henry Parkes, and re sponding to the toast of " The Ministry," The Hon. James Inglis, who was re ceived with vociferous applause, jremarked that " many a shaft at random shot strikes its mark," and although they might not think it,—though, nevertheless, it was true—he was a most modest man. (Cheers.) He was not unlike the young Scotchman who, when passing the church yard, whistled profusely to frighten the ghosts away and keep his courage up, and it was often the same with him (Mr. In glis) when he had a heavy and responsible duty to perform. The Premier had im posed upon him a task which was tanta mount to doing the play of Hamlet, with the leading character left out—(cheers),— and if he had to say anything about the Ministry his task would be a very light one if he had. to leave out the leading character. (Cheers.) He would merely say a few words and sit down. As Sir H. Parkes was speaking, his mind was di rected to a good old proverb which ran— " For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof, but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged," which ex pressed very appropriately the position of the political world in this colony during the past few years. The Ministiy had been twitted by a few petty dethroned princes with not having stack to their election promises, that they had not stuck to their programme, and that the finances were in a state of bewilderment. How did these charges stand ? When the pre sent Government took office our finances were in a state of almost inextricable con fusion, caused by the very man who now led these dethroned princes in their attack—a man who hid the true state of affairs from the country for them to find out, as almost everyone now knew, that the deficit was nearly double what he had stated it to be, and a man who would not see the terrible brink of destruction he had brought the financial position of the country to. Their first duty on assuming the reins was to endeavour to bring the finances back to a proper state, to take a calm view of their ledger, and bring their banking account to intelligent order. This they had endeavoured to do, and had checked the wild wave of extravagance which had become the order of the day, and he thought they had brought about a better state of affairs, much to the peace of mind of the countiy in throwing off the fetters and restrictions of trade, and which had also established better relations with foreign lands. (Cheers.) They had in troduced the important work of retrench ment, which the Government were deter mined to carry on if they were allowed— and he believed they would be. At the same time they were ready and anxious to do all in their power for the inland set tlers. Knowing the hardships that en vironed the rural dweller, the hard lot of the pioneers of Settlement—knowing the many disabilities they were placed under, and the intense hardships they had to endure—the Government looked to God and tried to see the best way to assist these settlers, the wealth, the backbone and sinew of the country, and they were not forgotten, but the Government were most anxious to assist and encourage them in their noble work. (Cheers.) They were told that the country was going to the dogs by that party of detraction which sought to write "Ichabod" over every gate; the party of detraction that was continually crying out that we had no re sources, that our industries were ener vated, and that other lands were stepping in and riding rough-shod over us ; the i party of detraction that would put fetters j on our limbs, and by cooping us up in hothouses encourage a healthy growth, and who sought to give relief to the coun try, and restore prosperity by placing a duty of 15 to 20 per cent., or more, if ne cessary, on everything worn by the peo ple—on .the machinery they used, on everything they consumed, and talked of developing the country by placing restric tions on eveiything eaten, worn, or used by the people. The present Government if they could not give the settlers trains for nothing, would do their best to give them their machinery and other form im plements at the cheapest price, so that a shilling might go to the furthest in its pur chasing power, and eveiything be as cheap as possible. (Cheers.) They had reduced the tariff of dutiable articles to 36, and they did not intend to stop there, although they would continue to raise re venue od a few dutiable articles such as was done in England. On every other article of use, and necessary to the people, they would sweep off the duty as soon as possible. (Cheers.) The censure these would-be princes had subjected them to was undeserved, and he was sure his lis teners could bare no sympathy with the programme they (the protectionist princes) had sketched out. It would be unbecom ing of so young a politician, in the pre sence of the Premier, £o enlighten them any further as to what were the intentions • of the Government, and he thought suffi cient had been given clearly by the Pre mier to indicate that the coming session would be a short one, but they hoped it would be au exceedingly productive one. There were various subjects to be dealt with in various ways, but the one great question of the reform of the railway traffic was now receiving the careful con sideration of the officers of the Works Department, and whatever could be done towards assisting them to get their farm produce to market would, depend upon it, be done; but, in considering this im portant question, they must not lose sight of the facts that the gradients of our lines were greater, the cost of maintenance greater, and the rate of wages so high that the very low rates of carriage afforded in America could not possibly be given here. Still, depend upon it, all the re lief possible would be afforded, having a due regard for the interests of the rural dwellers, and of the colony generally. (Cheers.) He had been asked by a good friend of theirs, Mr. S. W. Moore, mem ber for Inverell, to specially apologise for his absence - to-day. Mr. Moore was ! at one with the Government, and al though he differed from his (Mr. Inglis's) constituents as to the starting point of a railway, still he was always there to work heartily in furthering anything for the general welfare of any portion of New ; England. Mr. Matheson, member for Glen Innes. had also asked him to apolo gise for his absence, and he would have ' been present but for pressing private business. He bad also to apologise for the absence of the brother of their friend Mr. Gordon, member for Young ; for Mr. Dowell, M.P., who was sorry he could not come, and for Mr. Lee (Tenterfield), Dr. Wilkinson, and others, who were sorry they could not come and see the beauties of New England, that he was never tired of expatiating upon. (Cheers.) He had al ways endeavoured with the best of his ability to discharge the important duties that were put upon him by his consti tuents who had placed him in the proud position as their senior member. He had always been concise and prompt with everyone in his official duties, and had done all he could to do any favours that were consistent with his public duties, and he feared no criticisms, although he had been attacked in some quarters by people who did it from no ill-will, but from having insufficient knowledge of the circumstances that surrounded questions ; but a man with a firm and proper purpose, and a just estimate of his duty, always came out at the top of the basket. (Cheers.) He had been prompt in an swering correspondence, and he.thought they would give him credit for never shuf fling in his replies. He was prompt in his replies, decided, and in all cases had done his best to be just, and cany out his promises to bis constituents, and he must say that it was very seldom indeed—if, indeed, it had ever occurred—that he was asked to do anything that was unjust or ) inequitable. He had to thank them for j their patience, consideration, and great kindness to him, and more particularly did he respect and admire and thank them for their thorough appreciation and just estimate of the great, fearless, grand, and unwearied labours of his chief; but he was getting to Hamlet again—(cheers and laughter);—still he could not help ac knowledging his pride in the crowning welcome they had given the illustrious Premier, and thus showing their testi mony of respect, admiration, and esteem which he was entitled to. (Cheers.) He again thanked them for their kind pa tience and the great honour they had done the Premier and himself. (Loud applause.) Mr. A. W. Simpson (applause), in pro posing the Parliament of New South Wales, said he was something like the Scotch boy referred to by Mr. Inglis, only he could not whistle. The subject was one he must admit he was not very well up in, and to a great extent in his remarks he must follow in the footsteps of Mr. C. Wilson. As a native he should know something about Parliament—lie should know more than he did ; but he thought Parliament was what the people made it. (Hear, hear.) It had been said that our Parliaments were degenerating, and that we had not the able men there were under irresponsible Government. It might be so, but be did not consider the comparison a fair one, as the men in our first Parlia ments were men of exceptionable ability. He said this with no unkindly feeling, and it must not be forgotten that we still had S. H. Parkes in our Parliament. (Cheers.) The wisdom of extending the number of representatives from 72 to about 130 was a question that was debatable. Still he thought the Parliament of New South Wales would compare favourably with the other Australian Parliaments, and he would give all the hon. members credit for having the best interests of the colony at heart. He would therefore ask them to pledge the toast, with which he would couple the names of Messrs. Hutchison and Haynes, Ms.P. (Cheers.) The toast was enthusiastically quaffed. Mr. A. Hutchison (member for Canter bury) was received with applause, and said on behalf of the popular side of the House he had very much pleasure in acknowledg ing the kind way in which the toast had been drunk. He thought the present the best Parliament the colony ever had, as it was the first we ever had elected on distinct principles. Members, however, were being constantly told by the Opposi sion that they were a servile and subser vient majority, a remark which had been applied to the l&Bt; Parliament; but the application now was very different. The present Parliament had been elected on distinct principles, and the term servile could not be applied to men who were elected as freetraders and who stuck to a free trade Government. (Cheers.) The case was different in the last House, where men changed their policy after having been elected. At the last election men declared on the hustings that they were freetraders, and they were now sitting in the House because they were freetraders. (Cheers.) He believed a good deal in men, and in men's merits, and because he believed in Sir Henry Parkes he sat behind him. [Sir Henry Parkes : " You are a sensible man."] Sir Henry Parkes had not told them what the Government were going to do, so he would. Sir Henry had promised the Glen Innes people more than he bad promised them. He had distinctly pro mised up there that within a few weeks, probably, they would have a thorough going local Government Bill (cheers), and in a very short time a comprehensive re modelling of the railway department; there would be a short session, which the Government believed would be a fruitful one. Their member Mr. Inglis had been highly spoken of, and he congratulated them on having such a sterling man to re present them. But as to their other mem ber he could not say much, as Mr. Cope land was not much good. [The Mayor, " Question Mr. J. Scholes," He's a bet ter man than you are," and interruptions.] He was speaking as a party man who sat on one side of the House as opposed to the other side, and he wondered how they had , returned two men who would stultify one another's vote. He was sorry if he had created any ill-feeling by referring to their other member, but he could not help blaming the Opposition for the long and comparatively barren session this year. [Mr. J. Bliss : " You just leave Oopeland alone."] He again thanked them for the way the toast had been received, and as sured them that the House was a House full^pf gentlemen. Notwithstanding that Mr. Copeland was in Opposition, and some hard things were said and they were supposed to be on the verge of fighting— [Sir H. Parkes : " We are the meekest lot of Christians in the worldlaughter] —it did not matter how hot they were in debate, when they met in the lobbies of the House all angry feeling dropped and they once again became gentlemen. (Ap plause.) Mr. John Haynes (M.P. for Mudgee) was received with deafening applause. At the outset he desired to thank them for their cordial, spontaneous, and kindly reception. They had done the Premier a great honour and themselves great honour by having the presence of ladies at the banquet that evening—(cheers)—and if ever it became his good fortune—and the misfortune of the country—to be premier, he would make it a condition, before ac ceptance of a banquet, that the ladies were to be there. If they were not, then he would decline the banquet. Mr. Hutchison in the course of his speech had paid him a very high compliment; he had said this was the best Parliament that ever sat in N. S. Wales, which was accounted for by the fact that this was the first Parliament that he (Mr. Haynes) had sat in. (Cheers and laughter.) His ancestors, he was happy to say, settled in Armidale some 54 years ago, and in their churchyard rested the remains of some near and dear to him. He had no doubt many more of his ancestors would have been here two or three centuries ago, i only the facilities then for escaping from the old world were so bad. On the last occasion he visited Armidale he had spent an hour on the elevated plateau overlook ing their beautiful town, and for half an hour he was engaged in pelting a native bear, which he took to be a protectionist, but, from the manner in which it stood its ground, he concluded it was a staunch freetrader. (Laughter.) In referring to protection, he asked how could it be pos sible for them to send two enlightened men to Parliament when they had not yet heard him on the political topics of the day. (Cheers and laughter.) They would hear him in the adjoining hall on the following night unroll his grand po licy. The good people of Armidale were so honest that they would not allow him to speak in this grand hall, which was so gracious as to repeat the echo (J all he said at least four times over. The speaker then referred to the coming session, which he believed would be productive of good work, and to the grand work done by the man they had honoured by the banquet, a man whose life had been spent in mak ing useful reforms, and by the honouring of whom they did honour to themselves. He also spoke of Mr. Inglis as an able man, who was prized most by those who knew him best—a man of sterling integrity, honour, and truth. (Cheers.) He could tell by the cheering of one man down there that he was in expectation of get ting a railway station on his property. (Laughter.) Mr. Inglis was a man of which the country might well be proud, being an able man and one possessing a large amount of energy. It was only in connection with the railway that Mr. Inglis would have to consult him (Mr. Haynes), and with regard to Sir Henry Parkes lie knew the Premier would only look on him with contempt if he did not keep him up to his work. (Cheers and laughter.) He approved of the applica tion of the cloture, which really had no application to men of sound common sense, and who had the interests of the colony at heart. He was shortly to be appointed Minister of the Interior—he was now negotiating the matter with Sir H. Parkes—(laughter)—when he would re present no particular constituency, but would represent the whole of the vast interior of New South Wales, in which case he would go into the House as the third member for Armidale, so that if they had lost the services of Mr. - Copeland they would have gained a repre sentative in him (cheers), for he was fighting the cause of the interior, and he would maintain their rights as those who advanced the best interests of the country. (Cheers.) When they were passing through the country, at Glen In nes and from Glen Innes to Armidale, various deputations waited on the Pre mier with regard to railways, to which, much to his honour, the Premier replied that when the railway policy of the Go vernment was being considered their wants would be given every consideration. And when Sir Henry Parkes was in the Parkes district, he was waited upon as to the route of the Parkes-Forbes railway, he answered all the deputations by saying that a railway was wanted " somewhere about here," and all the deputations went away highly delighted. This way of deal ing with such questions was the crowning feature of Sir Henry's life—it showed an appreciation and consideration of the opinion of his colleagues, and of the con stitutional rights of the people. (Cheers.) He would do himself the honour of un folding to them on the following night his grand policy of decentralisation, and would always be found faithfully assist ing in a policy which, when properly un folded and understood, would be adopted and would lead to a prosperity wide and lasting. (Cheers.) On Saturday night he would give them his experiences in gaol, where he was for nine weeks and where George Richard Dibbs was for 12 months. The country couldn't afford his absence so much as that of George Richard, so he was taken out. (Cheers and laughter.) He again thanked them for their patience and the cordial reception they had given him. (Applause.) American Co.'a Hop Bitters strengthen, builds op and cures continually, from the first dose. Be sure and see. 