OUR NEW YORK LETTER. \- 9 [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] A few days ago all that was mortal of a man who had once been quite a conspicious figure in this city was borne to its last resting-place at Cypress Hills, and the pall-bearers were some of the most distinguished men in the state. There were lawyers and doctors, judges of the courts, musicians and actors, politicians and clubmen, men eminent in science and literature, and a vast crowd of critics and reporters. The min around whose bier they were congregated was an Irishman named Edmond O'Flaherty, but who, disowning the country which honoured him by giving him birth, chose the name of Willis v Stuart, by which name he was known for the last 30 years in this metropolis. He came to this country to escape the curious question of an offence which prevented him from ever visiting his native land again. He was cast off by his relatives and former friends, and died in exile forsaken and almost forgotten till the news of his death suddenly startled the remembrance of the town to what he had been in the past. Romantic lives are not uncommon here. In a walk down Broadway almost any afternoon, you can jostle against millionaires, the sound of whose names shake the financial centres of the world ; bankrupts whose failures have made the whole land tremble; ministers, Uterateurs gamblers, thieves, and soiled doves. You, romantic lives are plenty, and perhaps those who record them for the daily press are not the least romantic of them all. Edmond O'Flaherty at his death has been deified and execrated, and as I write two press notices of his decease lie on the table before me. Both of them are from leading papers, and both of them would Boom entitled to equal credit. " He was a good soul (writes one), kind, generous, and true, with brilliant talents and varied accomplishments, which marked him as one of the last of the generation of gentleman of the old school. He was also at home in the company of the ordinary Bohemian and men of the noblest lineage and most distinguished intellect. He was a gentleman of brilliant conversational powers, and as a raconteur he leaves few equals behind him. These admirable qualities made him ever a welcome guest at the principal clubs and the tables of the great where his loss will be deeply mourned by those who knew him best and loved him." The other writes : " The death in poverty and obscurity, and almost oblivion, of Edmond O'Flaherty, better known as William Stuart, enables a large amount of Boho man go hand displays an amazing amount of journalistic ignorance in the New York papers of to day, The man had ceased from public view for years, and while he was on view he was neither an honourable nor admirable object ; his was a Swiss pen, at the service of any cause or theory when he himself might profit. He could write with power and polish, but he lacked principle to b last his brilliantly rotten abilities ; his character was so repulsive, his literary tu ents' so predatory, and living habitssoconscienceloss, that his very abilities were the servants of a viciousness that the Press is well rid of, when his kind drop into the forced inactivity of the grave " These are the two obituaries. The man's end in obscurity and poverty should be a lesson to all young men who seek to enter on a metropolitan life. Twenty-five years ago he was one of the most popular men in the city. He was then proprietor of the Winter Garden, the fashionable theatre of New York, and while there he introduced Matilda Heron and Edwina Booth to the American public. His reckless management and utter faithlessness of obligation brought the theatre to financial ruin, and there- after Mr. O'Flaherty lived by his wits, occasionally writing brilliant but utterly un- reliable articles for newspapers and magazines. H started life with golden prospects, being allied to one of the best families in Ireland. He received a first class collegiate education, and easily gaining admission into the most distinguished society, married one of the most beautiful and talented women in Great Britain, and after two or three years of the wildest dissipation he was driven into exile never to return to his native land. Instead of trying to reform he kept up a style of living which astonished the so who knew him best, and gave luxurious dinners to burn vivants and dissipated ropes like himself, which were paid for with worthless notes and violated obligations. The prodigal liver, the once petted favourite of fortune at last, de- sert! d by the friends of his more or >s perous days, and banished from the clubs where he had once been the most honoured guest, found refuge in a couple of cheap rooms in one of the commonest quarters of the city, and there for the past few years he eked out a miserable existence dependent on the bounty of the friends which his reckless improvidence and dissipation had left him. even in this wretched estate he still attempted to keep up, his former style by keeping a valet at a time he hardly knew where his breakfast or dinner was coming from. This faithful servant stuck to him to the last with a devotion truly touching which distinguishes -the Irish peasantry in their love, of their ould families, for he. recognised even in his squalid misery and rags the descendant of the bould O' Flaherty, who stood beside the great Brien at Clontarf, or sent death into the ranks of the Sassenach at Vinegar Hill, or dyed with Saxon blood the clear waters of the Boyne. When mortal aid could no longer reach him, the mi. names of the city, gathered around his beer and gave him Christian burial, and in due time a monument will be to mark the spot (where he reposes ; but the young journalist who seeks the metropolis to carve his way to fame would do well to profit by this wasted life devoted mainly to unworthy ends, to wild dissipation and personal gratification. , Notwithstanding! his transcendent ability and brilliant opportunities, he leaves nothing behind to mark his having been but the Dead Sea fruit of ashes. i Yet the romance of this man's life is as nothing to that of a couple of women who have here created quite a aniiBatiou ; the jewels which decorate the persons of these fortunate or unfortunate dames, is said in one case to be worth 760 600dol. and in the other over a million and half of dollars. Both were set vaults at the start, both had unfortunate matrimonial ventures, one considers herself unfortunate in being a wife still, and the other esteems herself one of the most fortunate of human beings in being that dear, delightful, adorable thing, a widow. Madame Torry, the lucky inheritor by her second marriage of over twenty millions of dollars, was the barmaid of a taproom in Liverpool. When there she met an American thief and forger and married him and for several years thereafter shared his fortune. Justice at last overtook him he was sent to States Prison, and the I felon's wife was fortunate enough to captivate the millionaire Terry, who dying I left her all his fortune, making her one a of the richest women in the United States. The other started as a servant, and after a life of the strangest vicissitudes oscillating between the slums and stage, I achieved a marriage with one of the most distinguished scientists in the city of Washington Two years ago last Fall a lady might be seen early every morning dashing like mad around the concourse back of the White House, and after a wild tide that might have made Fred Archer's hair stand on end, disappeared as suddenly as she came, and the question was, who I is she The late President Arthur used to stand at his window and watch her, and he was a great admirer of her wild and daring horsemanship. This is female No. 2 from a kitchen to a palace, from a brass ring and pinchbeck jewellery to 700 600dol. worth of the rarest jewels in the world. Lillian Smith, the child the, is our latest sensation, and one that brings us face to face with the unpleasant fact that here in New York, where we send missionaries to the Congo and to China and the Fiji, thieving is taught as a fine art, and that there are men and women in this Christian land who can sit down and coolly train little children to a life of crime whose end is misery and death. two have prodigies, plenty of them, children precocious in almost every walk of life, but it ever before have we been called upon to chronicle a case of moral de- pravity, like that of Lillian Smith, the .child-thief., She stole apparently because she liked to do it, and took the usual precaution of older female thieves of destroy- ing ; the pocket-books and hiding the proceeds of her plunder in her stockings. 'it is to be hoped that some means may be discovered t > save her from a life of misery and shame ; but years after, her care will be considered one of the phe n mens of the criminal calendar of New York. The opening year gave us a most un- friendly greeting, January 1 being one of the most unpleasant days that we have had this winter ; part of the day a driving sleet drove pedestrians from the streets, which the fall of snow on New Year's I Eve had made a sea of slush. Callers were not as numerous as of yore, and those who ventured out from a sense of duty fortified themselves from the fury of the storm in a manner not sanctioned by a constitutional prohibitionist. Towards night the streets were filled with men who had evidently been testing the excise law, and the distinguished list of drunk and disorderly benefited the city treasury several hundred dollars. It is rumoured that those interested in maintaining the German Opera are making savage attacks on the American Opera which is the especial pride of New York. For the development of American talent some hundred thousands of dollars have been invested, and that by parties who did it for pleasure, not profit, and who never expected to see their money again. Mrs. Thurber, the chief patroness of the undertaking, has worked like a beaver since its first inception, for success. Theodore Thomas, one of the fore- most musicians in the United States, has staked his reputation on it, but it looks as if there was pre- concert among the critics, for every mishap at heralded from Dan to Beersheba, and every rumor of failure magnified a thousand fold I can only say it has not been a failure in New York or Brooklyn at the performances have been most excellent, and have given the greatest satisfaction. We are doing some tall political figur- ing here for the coming senatorial election, and it is not an easy matter to tell who has got the inside track!.. It looks very Mortonish now, but no man can tell what a day may bring forth. Warner Miller is still a very lively ghost, as some folks may discover before the Ides of March. We can only watch results, and may the best man win. Art circles in New York have felt no sensation like that experienced for the past few days, by the exhibition of i" Rembrandt's Gilder." It was on view at the Schaus Art room on Fifth Avenue, and from the day of the opening to the close, Mr. SohauB' elegant gallery has been crowded by, the intellect beauty, and fashion of the city. In contradiction-' tion of some other art exhibits, there has been no beating of drums or blowing of horns ; there was no need of it-for here in small compass quietly reposed on its cases one of the most perfect works of one of the grandest masters of ancient or modern times. Those who have lingered in the magnificent galleries of the Louvre, of Antwerp, of Vienna. Berlin, and London, will need no reminder of him-of whose Imperial genius this little canvas was one of the brightest gems. Who was he whose features the great painter has thus en- shrined in immortality? No man knoweth ; neither can any man tell, certainly, why it is called the Gilder. Sur- mise hath it that it is the portrait of the man who furnished the great artist with frames for his pictures ; if so he received an immortal recompense for his humble work. Twohundredandforfy-aeven years have passed since this grand face was painted, and saving the fact that the colours are mellowed and softened' by time, it might have come from the easel a year ago. The picture is not for the million, but for those who love art for art's Belt-and such a man as William Schaus, the fortunate owner of this treasure '; aye, and such a man is Herman Schaus, his nephew, in whose custody this priceless canvases placed What, is it worth? I don't know you have often heard of a thing' being worth its weight in gold ; you would have to pile your double eagles very high on "his 'Itlder, to get it from William Melinus What is its great merit? It l tin in the fact,; that this is the absolute o perfection of human portraiture, beyond any, human art cannot go The fact is the personification of thorough and absolute honesty. Aa Hamlet says, 'I'd take the ghost''! word for a thousand pounds ' A calm satisfaction rests on every feiture, and he looks like a man whose lines have fallen in pleasant places One of the most remarkable effects in that walk about the rein wherever you want the eyes follow you with a kindly gaze, and as your attention becomes more fixed on the face, it seems as if the old Dutch man might step down from the canvas to bid you a pleasant Gooden morality, If it were not for the presence of this im- period, picture, there are three others that would cb through a admiration of any collection in he world : a Kotmeau, a Diaz, and M Carey, which it would be difficult to match in any collection on the American continent. Nothing but the most exquisite taste, undivided love of art and abundant wealth could have rendered such a collection possible. William Sobels and his nephew, Herman Schaus, have done much for art in the United States ; the evidences of their genius and taste are to be seen in the finest collections in the land but nothing they have done, can ' equal the present obligation, under which they have paid all lovers of the true and beautiful in art, in presenting to the public the present magnificent collection, which is crowned with Rembrandt's Glider. Another Enoch Arden turned up in Brooklyn the other night, after an absence of 30 years One night in the fall of 1856, Mr. P Davis, who was then a rich broker had a quarrel with his wife ; he walked out of the house, and s tie never set eyes on him again till she found him the other day a ragged tramp in a charit- able institution in Brooklyn. When he left that city 30 years ago, he was a well to-do broker, young and handsome, a member of all the swell clubs, with a comfortable bank account and everything prosperous about him When he returned, one bitter night last week, he knocked at the door of a charitable institution, The Good Samaritan, and at the time he had on a light alpaca coat, no shire, ragged pants, one india rubber and one leather shoe, no socks and was as miserable a specimen of humanity as one could well conceive. His children are all married, and his wife is in the enjoyment of a comfortable fortune What disposi- tion they may may make of it much remains to be seen ; but, as yet, they have prepared no fatted calves to welcome the prodigals return. No need to travel any more, everything is brought wholeSale to our doors. On one street an entire Japanese city on another a Pueblo from Central Mexico no sham, but the real genuine thing from Poncho to Mescal. On Broadway, rapidly hastening to completion, is the counter- part of the Cripple Gate, is it has stood in London for over 700 years-and with it we are to have beefeaters, halberdiers, crossbow men, and all the accessories of ye olden time. When his friend remarked to Sir Charles Coldstream-" But you must acknowledge that you've nothing like St. Peter's in London." He replies, "We don't want it, my boy, we don't want it if we did. we'd have the confounded thing boxed up and sent over." That is just what we are doing in New York to-day A season or two ago thousands of our fashionables- and some not so fashionable mad a scrub race for Montreal to see Tobogganing and the Ice Palace. Bless your heart, we've got 'em all right here now The Palace, Tobogganing, snow shoes, curling-and now we talk of turn- ing a few white bears loose in Central Park, just to give the winter scene a sort of ''color flavor. It would be so nice to see a real genuine Polar bear walking around the obelisk, with a pair of snow shoes slung over his back, and a toboggan in his mouth. Speaking of snow shoes the bravest and the best of the Montreal clubs drop ed down on us last week ; the authorities gave them the freedom of the city, and placed the Central Park at their disposal. There was not much snow to speak of, but what little we had they turned to the best account and a c person New Yorker could hardly get a wink, or a smile, from a pretty girl as long as those fascinating Canadians with their gorgeous blankets and winning ways remained in town. They were welcomed everywhere, and the only fault we had to find with them was that they did not stay long enough. _ No large body of men, who have ever visited this city, have left more pleasant memories behind them. Tobogganing is our latest craze, and we've got it bad. When the thing was first talked of early in the winter, a young gentleman addressing a young lady said, " Miss Jenkins, do you indulge in tobogganing ; " later in December it was, Miss Jenkins, do you too' and now with advent of the New Year, it's Miss Jenkins, will you bog, or I'm going a begging, and don't you wish you could bog. Rough blanket coats and sheds without runners, are now all the go and the fellah who want to bog, is no fellah at all, ye know so, of course, every fellah wants to to bog with a lot of pretty girls on the to bog with him, half-a-dozen or so ; was fun I tell you. If you don't believe it. try it. It may take your breath away at first ; but, if the slide is good and the girls fat and pretty, and they hug you tight because they're afraid, you feel as if you wouldn't; care if you ran into a snowbank or turned a somersault over the North Pole. Hurrah for the labor. ' A calamity more terrible than the pes silence which walketh abroad in the night, is threatening the' two great cities of New York and Brooklyn, and that is a coal famine. Here are two million of people, every one of whom needs his shire of warmth in this bitter winter weather. To the rich it means simply a little inconvenience and hardly that to the poor it means absolute misery and suffering un- ' told. When coal is 5 MOdel. a ton, the poor man who buys it by the painful, pays the man at the corner grocery ten, should it rise to 1000doL, a pail of coal will cost him 30 or 40 cents, furnishing just enough of fuel to cook his miserable meal, with no margin to keep his wife and his children from freezing. The coal Kings refuse to give the miners an extra 25 cents a ton, but they are quite willing to tax the consumers an extra five dollars a ton. By a single resolution of a half dozen men seated in their comfortable offices, 40 or 50 millions of dollars were added to the already enormous profits of these coal plutocrats. If ever there was a case for government intervention this is one of them, and these heartless capitalists should be taught that the poor man has some rights, which even coal Kings are bound to respect. The death of the Rev. J. Halstead Carroll in Minnesota, closes sorrowfully a long and stormy life. A few years ago Mr. Carroll was pastor of the First Re- formed Church in Brooklyn, and during his pastorate his name was mixed up with a number of scandals, which led to his expulsion from the pulpit. He went to Newburg, and while there again got into trouble, and was forced to pack his satchel and leave. In the West he was equally unfortunate, till he was driven from the ministry, but afterwards succeeded in getting a church in Minnesota and died estranged from all of his for mar Monday. Doctor Carrol 1 was blessed with a most engaging presence, splendid talents, and a magnetic manner, which won him friends wherever he went ; but he ensconsed with an overwei>nii;t» vanity and self-conceit which eventually had him to ruin. The son of an eminent clergyman, a favour j t bf fortune, with a brilliant run ^-^..i.jing start in life he became a moral wreck, drifted hither and thither by his own merciless passions, and instead of being borne to an honoured grave, by hundreds of weeping friends, he is now only remem- lined with humiliating sorrow by the church he disgraced and the people he betrayed This society for the prevention of cruelty to children has scored another victory in procuring the sentence of Mrs. Melville,' the blue! Brooklyn woman, who kept her - orphan iiMce tied to the floor for nine long months, besides almost starving her to death The wife got off with a year in the penitentiary, while the husband and son, who stood quietly by and witnessed the Uurlid atrocity, day after day, escaped any punishment at all. Still it is something to know that there is in this community, an association of men and women, to whom the mute and suffering look of even a dumb animal will not appeal in vain. The weather has been decidedly rough cold, snowy, and disagreeable. The recent celebration of Cornelius Vanderbilt's branch of the Railroad Young Men's Christian Association has stirred up '' a number of rich men in our sister city of Brooklyn, where I see they organised a YoungMen'sHebrew Association modelled on the plan of the Y. M O A. A number of wealthy Hebrews have taken hold of the work, and the chances are that within a few mouths Young Men's Hebrew Associations will be formed in all the principal cities of the Union. This will be an inestimable boon to the large army of young Hebrew mon The travel for mercantile houses. The Brooklyn branch, which will be the mother association, will in due time have a magnificent building, with lectures, library, entertainments, baths, gymnasiums, and all the appliances of modern civilization. It is safe to say, from the gentlemen who have business in "t hand, that the Hebrew Y.M.A. will not be a whit behind those of their Christian brothers. "Roman ok CATANia" corrects offensive odours at once Complete cure of worst chronic cases ; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat, foul breath. "Rough on Pints" Why suffer Piles? immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed Ask for " Rough on Piles " sure cure for itching, protrud- ' lug, bleeding, or any form of Pills AoviuB to MoTUEita Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Goatoncotoa chemist and get abotUeol Mrs Wi.ssl.ih'a Soothing Syrup It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately It is perfectly harm- less and pleasant to taste, and produces natural! quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves > wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes Mrs Winslow's Booth- ' lag Syrup is sold by medicine,! dealers ererrwbsn at la. 12 per bottle. , 