LATEST DISTRICT NEWS. (IROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) Adamstown. COUNCIL M1EETING. The above Council held a special meeting last night for the purpose of settling up affairs in connection with the recent law suit between Mr. Henry Greenwood and the Municipal Council. The Mayor and Aldermen Eddon, Watt, Atkinson, Loyden, Weir, Turnbull, 'ether ington, and Freemen were present. Tlle MAYOR having stated the business, The CLERK reported ]having waited upon Mr. Gorrick re the expenses, and reported that the costs for the defence had been reduced from £33 12s 10d to £29.--The reporot was received. The plaintiff's costs, including tie verdict, £18, and witnesses ex penses at 8s per day, amounted to £39 18s 4d. Sundry expenses in connection with the defence, including 12s per day for witnesses, £17 13s 6d. Total costs in conneetion with the case, £86 lis 10d. Alderman HETIIERINGTONe moved, "That the bills be paid." Seconded by Alderman Tnuse a. Alderman LbOYDEN contended that their solicitor's bill wa's still excessive. Alderman TRNBULL : We can't make any better of it. Alderman Loyonr: Perhaps so; but it was scandalous tlhat their costs were twice that of the plaintiff'Si. He hoped they would watch for the future who they were dealing with. The committee wlio had been attend ing to the Council's interest had been run ning too ofteh to the solicitor, and for each visit theyl had to pay. He hoped for the satisfaction of the ratepayers that tlhey would state what eache of the Council's witnesses got, so that it Gould close everybody's mouth.. 11o again denounced the excessiveness of their costs, and expressed himself in favour of paying tiheplaintiff's bill; but moved as an amendment, "That theiir solicitor be written to, telling him that his bill was still excessive and unreasonable, and unless it be further reduced it will lie sent to the proper place to be taxed." Alderman EDDEN seconded the .amend ment. Though not in favour of all the previous: speaker had said,.ho quite agreed with him that tie costs were still unreason ablb. He was in favour of~ having thie bill taxed independently of theire'olicitor; Even if they only got it reduced tlhe amount it cost for taxing it, that would be.satisfaction. It would appear from Alderman Loyden's ro marks that he was the only one that was trying to keep down the expense. Alderman .Loydeon was quite as muich in favour of going to law as any member ot the Council. The books. were there for any ratopayor to examine them for themselves and see if there was any unnecessary expenses. When Mr. Greenwood asked for £10, he considered it unreasonablo anid voted isi favouir of going to law, and when the plaintiff's solicitor came over to their side, he considered that Green wood hlad not a ghost of a show. , Alderman Wsem did not care who know what he, got for his expenses; he and those with him had done their duty to the best of their ability. If Mr. Greenwood had acted differently there would have been no dispute. The damage was not as much as what was claimn d, and the Council had no right to pay for ra: ing any man's house. HIe wouldevote again:t both motion and amendment. Alder man Loyden was the man that moved that he be one to look after the case, and now he complains about thie expense. Alderman LOYDEN, in explanatioin, ad mitted moving that Alderman 'Weir be one to attend to the Couneil's interests, and his reasons for doihg so was because Alderman Weir said hle knewr' a point of law that would got them out of the diflculty, but afterwvards found out, it would not be tried under the Act he referred to. He moved on one oce casion that the dispute be referred to arbitra tion, and got 'no seconder. The MAvort: You moved nothing of the sort. Alderman Loy'nexE : Idid move the motion; look in the minute-book. Alderman EoBN : If such a motionwas moved, it was never moved in my presence. Alderman War?n: The motion was nevor moved. The xMAYos : If Alderman Loydon can find it in the minute-book I will apologise. There was a paragraph appeared in the Heraled and Advocate recommending arbitra tion, and that was all he had heard about arbitration. Aldermann LOYDEN: I moved the meotion since that paragraph appeared ; I moved it within the last two months. It was read. out in court, so I am told. Give me the book, and I'11 find it. Alderman W~EIR t mood, and Alderman EDDEN seconded, " That Alderman 'Loyden have the use of the minutoe-book, to find the minute referred to."-Carried. Alderman LOYDEN (rccciving tile minuteo book from tile clerk) : Is this tihe scrap-book or tlhe minute-book ? The CroER : T'llo minute-book. Alderman TJoDrnx hlere porusedtho minute book, the business being temporarily eus pended. The iMAYOR (apparently impaticent): Are you going back to last year, Alderman Loyden ? A Ratepayer: Take your time, Loyden. Alderman HIIITIII:IuINoTON moved, "Tliat the meeting be postponed." Alderman WATT seconded. Alderman W~VEI opposed the motion. \- Alderman ATKrdisoN prdtested against trhe business being delayecd. Alderman WATT: Alderman Loyden's only a thing in delaying the. business. He is a nuisance. The MAYOR called upon Alderman Watt towithldraw the expression. The ?MAYor asked Alderman Loyden to give up the minute-book, so that the business could go on. He would look up the minute, and if it was in the book hlie would publish it at I his own expense. Alderman LO1YDEN hero found the motion moved by himn re going to arbitration, and the reading of it was applauded by the ratopayers. The MAYOIa and Alderman VEIR apolo gised to Alderman Loyden for stating he had not moved thle motion. The MAY~o said that when preparing for tihe hearing of the case Alderman Loyden said that no expense should be spared. As far as hlie was concerned hlie could not go to Newcastle for Ss per day and keep hIis family. The Council had a principle at stake in going to law. There were many houses tllhat were built too low, and would have to be raised or they would be continually flooded, and was it likely that they were going to pay for raising thenm all ? It was to prevent this that they went to law. It was wrong for Alder man Loydon to throw out any insinuations concerning the costs-lhe had charged 10s for a-quarter himself. The speaker proceededat length to defend the action of the Council. The motion and amendment were then put, and tihe motion to pay tihe bills was carried by 7 to 2. Alderman WeIR moved a further amend ment, "That the plaintiff's costs be paid and their ovwn sent to be taxed." Seconded by Alderman LOYDEx, and lost, and the original motion to pay thi costs carried. The meeting was largely attended by rate payers, who were frequently called to order' for applauding. : : ' The discussion throughount was very lively and interesting Thus ended the first law suit -which his caused so much interesb. 