The Estimates. Having got the Tariff out of the way, the Assembly is now going on with the discussion of the Estimates of expenditure for 1887-8, and has made surprising progress, considering the time spent in deciding on the multitudinous details submitted to it Probably hon. members were tired out by the almost endless Tariff debate, and are now recompensing themselves for past exertions (in attempting to understand the operation of Protective duties and to reconcile irreconcilably interests,) by taking the Estimates very much for granted. Last year Parliament voted ^1,506,051 in the Estimates, and only ,£1,429,250 was spent—but the deficit was increased notwithstanding. This year the Ministry from wbich asked for 433.5+9— they proposed to deduct ^£"9,378, from the salaries of Civil Servants; this economy was abandoned when the Council rejected the Bill for the reduction in similar proportion of Ministerial and other salaries which are not voted in the Estimates—so that amount cannot now be deducted. Then the sum of ^13,400 was placed on the Estimates for "payment of members;" but it is now settled that members shall not be paid till next session, so that the net total of the Estimates is 420,149—or a little more than ^9,000 less than was actually spent, and ^86,000 less than was voted, last year. However, the Premier states that the Supplementary Estimates will amount to somewhere between ^40,000 and ^50,000; and it is not improbable that the expenditure will, after all, exceed that of 1886-7. The summaries of Estimates items are classified in eight divisions—one for the Legislature and the other seven for the several Ministerial Departments. Last year ^£19,985 was voted for the Legislature, but .£3,000 less was spent; I and the vote lor this year (now that the Payment of Members line is struck I out), stands at ^16,157—a few hnn- J dreds less than last year's expenditure, I The Chief Secretary's Department I cost ,£312,000 (^9,000 more than voted) in 1886-7, but the vote is I reduced by ,£20,000 this year. The Attorney-General kept his departmental I expenses within the vote, and this year I is to manage on .£42,861, a reduction I of nearly £3,000 on last year's expenditure. The Treasurer also kept 1 within his vote (by £3000), and this year will get £2,000 less then was J spent in 1886-7. The expenditure of the Lands Department fell £12,0001 below estimate, and the present Estimates provide for only £114,000 a reduction ol ,£63,000. On the other hand increases are anticipated in the Public Works and Education departments' expenditure, the former being set down at £605,000—(in-1 crease of £74,000) and the latter at X305.000 (increase of £4,000). The Assembly went into Committee of Supply last w V and commenced the consideration oi the Estimates, the Legislature lines being voted without o S protest than onlfrom Mr Rees, against the smallncss of the sum I {£200) set down for the purchase of NEW books for the Parliamentary new ot Library. There was * the . amount of the rote tor , stamps, \ Stationery, and telegrams (^0,000j , but it was pointed out that the item was to a large extent a fictitious one, /e 000 of the vote being "recoup! £ revenue." It was explained also that members had the privilege of | sending telegrams on public business at the expense of the State, and that the line was swelled by the enormous quantity of stamps used in posting bulky reports to all parts of the colony. When the Chief Secretary's department I came under consideration, Mr Homburg objected to the Governor's allowances, and estimated the cost to the State ot « keeping up" Government House and Marble Hill at ,£10,000 a year. Iftel Premier deprecated a policy of parsi-j mony in dealing with Governors, as degrading to South Australia, said that the annual cost of the preseu t Governor was only ^7,500, and that intimation had been given to the Colonial Secretary that certain perquisites would not beflowed to^ture. G _ that they would be required to pay interest on Government House furniniture, to pay income tax, and J would not be allowed to — get —' —certain i n through the Customs duty free. Sir William Robinson, Mr Playford added, had paid income tax under protest, and the question of whether he should — or should not _ be exempted - was under the consideration of the Imperial Government. The line was Jessed, | and all went smoothly till the Sheriff's salary and allowances came on for consideration. Mr Bews moved to strike out the forage allowance of ^52, as the Sheriff was under no official necessity of keeping a horse. The motion was negatived, , . but the , Premier promised to look into the forage allowance question. There was some trouble about the post of Registrar of Births, TiaotVic Deaths, and Marriages, Mnrriaaps. which Dr Whittell holds without salary, in addition to the Presidency of the Central Board of Health and other offices for which he is paid. The Premier said that by special arrange ment Dr Whittell was allowed private practice, and the Govern- ment had no desire to alter that arrangement. He promised Mr. Burgoyne to see that the title of Registrar-General was bestowed on the person who did the responsible work of that office. Some objection was made to the Printing and Stationery vote of ^19,292, and the opinion was expressed that a good deal of saving might be effected in the 1 printing of Parliamentary papers—an I opinion which is undoubtedly correct The line was passed, however, as was also the Police vote of £88,250, though exception was taken to the allowances for house, fuel, and light to the Commissioner and some of the inspectors. Several hon. members thought that troopers should be more liberally treated with regard to travelling and removing allowances. The Prisons vote of £17,690 brought on a discus-1 sion to the utilization of prison J labor, and it was suggested that the prisoners might make boots for the Destitute Asylum; nothing came of the discussion, however. The Medical Officers' and Hospitals lines were passed without discussion. The Port Augusta Medical Officer's allowance is set down at £100, vaccination fees, and £52 for forage allowance; the Port Augusta Hospital vote is £2,483—£50 more than was voted last year, and £147 more than was actually expended. There was some debate about the Defences votes—£38,833 altogether, and exception was taken to the increase of £1,000, as the country expected a reduction. The efficiency of the Militia and its officers was freely canvassed, but the lines were passed. The Commandant and the Staff Office get ^2,919, the Permanent Artillery ^5,864; the Militia ^12,542 (an increase 1,438, due to the expenses of a proposed encampment); the Volunteer Force gels £5,796, of which £2,300 is set down to " ammunition, travelling expenses, freight, equipment, telegrams, postage and stationery"— rather a peculiar way of dumping accounts—and only £2,000 to capitation grant; and finally the cost of our naval forces—the Protector's crew included—is set down at £11,712. The Miscellaneous list, £16,297, was Dassed passea, after airer the wc Hon. xx«u. J. j C. Bray j had secured the reduction from £500 to £200 of the prizes offered for farm and dairy machinery in connection J ..1 .1 - T? 'u:.: imnnn nttiar I with the Exhibition. Among other items we note that the Burra Hospital gets £1,000, that of Kapunda £600, and the Jamestown institution £45°> the Inebriate Retreat £150, and the S.A. National Rifle Association £300 for its next prize meeting. The Attorney- General's Department came next, and though a decrease of £t,2oo was shown in the Local Courts vote, Mr Stock grumbled at the annual loss of £10,000 on their account. The Attorney-General replied that the number of S.M.'s had been reduced, and that he had under consideration the advisability of dispensing with some clerks and getting their work done by other officers at a small expense. The Treasurer's Department came next in order and was promptly disposed of, though issue was raised on two points. First, before the Agent- Generalship vote of £3,878 was passed, Mr Jenkins demanded to be informed whether Sir Arthur Blyth's clerks were colonials or not The Premier said all but two, about whom he knew nothing, were colonials, and this apparently satisfied Mr Jenkins, though there really are only two clerks (the Accountant excepted) in our Agent- General's office, Mr Hopkins next moved to reduce the Customs vote of £18,492 by £2,000, proposing to 1 abolish the Comptroller of Stores, and to discharge twelve "lockers." The Premier replied that if Mr Hopkins could show him that the saving might be effected wihout impairing the efficiency of the service, he would effect it. The vote was passed without further pariey, as was the Marine Board vote of £16,966, the Premxer recking that as deepening operations were drawmg o a close, the Marine Department would be carefully looked into with a view of effecting alterations in its staff. THE MUNICIPALITY OF DAVENPOBT.- The Davenport Town Council is getting ££ working order now. The ratepayers' | 1 rolltj TU1ID are MS prepared JRIVPOIVI. ^ — open -R f or inspection R „ I p erBon8 whose names are not on the roll, I who are entitled to that privilege, I must send in their claimB by November 7, and persons whose names are on the roll and who consider that they should not be thfe, must enter objection by Novem ber 9. TRAIN TIME ALTERATION.—With that perverse ingenuity which Government Departments so frequently display with regard to advertisements, the Traffic Manager advertises in this issue of the Dispatch an alteration of railway time table which came into operation on TueB. day last. We are informed that several ^V^retofore at 6.10. For the fnture_ t hat is until the next fluctuation j n theTraffio Manager's opinion —the eventrain for Quorn will leave Port Augusta at 5.30. WEATHER.—The moist change predicted f n 0 nr iaBt iBsae took place on Tuesday night, but though there was a sensible fall in the mercury and ; a spattering; of rain- ^ J ^ ^ g S S S d Z Thursday morning broke . J gloomj| y) j, an< j a little rain fell through _ the J da„ the gauge recording 'OSin. this morng . With regard to IaBt week's fall the 1 only news to hand is from the Western track. Coralbignie got about f of an inch on the average, Caroona received -62, and Uno was particularly blessed with the fine fall of 1*12. The farmers on the Western Plain to the southward are reaping . _ excellent hay crops, and are disposed to I consider the rain a ° | just at present. Port Augusta's pluvial record for the year, up to October 31, is 9.595in., falling in 59 days. THE CBICKET MATCH.—The English eleven have won their first match in Australia, in spite of the very poor style they showed in their opening innings. They .compiled only 104, but the South Aus- 8tra]i ane only topped that score by 14, and th e Englishmen rallied up in their second innings, putting together 291, thus leaving I the Adelaide eleven 278 to get in order to win. The hopes of the local men were raised by G. Giffen and Jarvis on Monday afternoon, for when the stumps were [ w drawn 92 had been compiled, and only one a wicket (that of Jarvis, foolishly run out) WAR down. On Tuesday the game was re ^8men wh ~ made a 8tand> and the iDnillg8 c]0Bed for 206, of which George Gifien made 81 and Jarvis 45. The Englishmen therefore won the match by 71 runs. George Giffen, who took three of the Englishmen's wickets in the first innings with three successive balls, was presented with the ball with which the feat waB accomplished, heavily mounted | eilverj the cost being defrayed by a 8p 0n taneously offered collection taken on the ground on Friday afternoon. THE TAEIF*.—The Legislative Council as certainly passed the second reading of the Tariff Bill, and it is constitutionally incapable of amending it in any respect, as it is a " money" Bill; but it can make suggestions to the Assembly, and reject the third reading of the measure if the Lower Heuse will not accept them. On Tuesday last, therefore, the work of amendment commenced, and Mr J. H. AngaB, who had voted for the second reading, moved that the operation of the tariff be limited to three years. This was rather amusing, for in the first place Parliament can repeal the Bill b j wfaiYJas1t T next session if it chooses, and in the second place the Tariff would be utterly f useless, from a Protective point of view, if manufacturers were warned that the support of high duties would be with- j 8 drawn from them just as they would -be about to derive benefit therefrom. The motion met with no support and was withdrawn. Dr Campbell next opposed the increase of the cattle duty from 2s. 6d. to 5s. per head, and the sheep duty from 3d. to 6d. He failed, however, and Mr Rankin proposed to raise the cattle duty to 10s. a head, but was informed by the President that this could not be done in the Council. Dr Campbell then moved for the reduction of the soap but R> I The duty from Id. to £d. per lb was defeated by 12 votes to 9. Freetrade Doctor was not diBcourged, however, and moved to strike out all manner of boots and shoes from the rated and put them on the 20 per cent, ad valoren list; and this amendment was carried by 11 votes to 8. At the instance of the Hon. H. Scottj the duties of 6d per dozen on wine, beer, and spirit bottleB, and of 3d. per dozen on jam and pickle bottles, were struck out, the voting being 8 to 6. Dr Campbell then tried to treat hats as he had treated boots, and remove them from the absurdly high rated to the 20 per cent, ad valorem list, but waB beaten by 9 votes to 8, and the Council then postponed further consideration of the schedule till next day. On Wednesday Dr Campbell began by moving that kerosene, taxed at 3d. per gallon, be placed P"»cea on the toe free tree list, but out finding nnaing that in« be had nQ cbance of cftrrying the amendment) witbdrew iL The Hon. H. Scott obj octe( j to the 25 per cent ad valorem ij et j Q tola, urged that it be reduced to 20 i A mith hrifto" fnr per cent, and "began with " air bricks" for a test vote, on which he was defeated. Dr Campbell's proposal to exempt children's clothes from the 25 percent charged on adult BlopB, was negatived ; at the instance of tbe Hon. D. Murray " water proof materials" were struck out of the drapery and millinery line. The Hon. J. Dunn proposed to reduce the duty on engines to 15 per cent, and tbe Hon. H. Scott to put them on the free list, but both amendmests were negatived and the line passed at 25 peT cent. Hon. H. E. Bright next moved to put plough and scarifier shares on the free list, but was defeated by 10 votes to Steel rivets were added to the free list, and the Conpoil adjonrned to Thursday, a d HOSPITAL REPORT.—During the week ended Thursday, November 3 r seven A patients were admitted to, and four were fl discharged from, the Port Augusta Hospital, leaving the number of inmates 46\. The Medical Officer desires to thank Mr and Mrs V. F. Smith for a large umber of works of fiction presented to the Hospital library THE BEGATTA.—The Committee of the Port Augusta Regatta will meet in the Town Clerk's office, Town Hall, on Monday evening next at 7 o'clock. The Secretary, Mr J. Heath, has received letter from the Hon. T. Playford, accepting the poBt of pBtron to the Regatta, and promising to give a trophy for competition, or £5 in cash, aB the Committee should elect. INSTITUTES-—The Estimates are being very perfunctorily discussed this year, and on Wednesday last the Institutes vote was passed with little debate. The total amount is £9,374—£2,020 less than was voted, and £900 less than was BDent, last year. The Adelaide Public library gets £5,500 of the vote, Mount Gauabier gets £559 for its new Institute building ; £50 IB voted for expenses in connection with the Sunday opening of the Port Adelaide Museum and reading room, Country Institutes get £2,600, and £500 iB set down as the cost of sending round boxes of books to them from the Adelaide Public Library. The Minister of Education said that he could not state at what rate subsidy to new Institute buildings would be paid, and that if the rate of subsidy were £1 for £1 it would be necessary to put £2,000 on the Supplementary Esti mates. Dr Cocfcburn said that the late Ministry had decided to subsidise at the rate of £1 for £1 the cost of keeping open free reading rooms, and he hoped the present Ministry would carry out the intention of their predecessors. Mr Burgoyne considered that the Adelaide Public Library got too much in proportion to the amount of the vote—and then the matter dropped, but will probably be re-opened when the Supplementary Estimates are introduced. PUBLIC MEETING.—Since the preliminary meeting of Freetraders held in Port I Augusta last we^thVa^peTt of the,Tariff question haB rltered considerably, owing | to the surprising change of front on the part of certain members of the Legislative Council, who seem to think that }he extra revenues which the protective duties will raiBe will justify them in rejecting the Taxation Act Amendment Bill—which.I proposes to retain the present Land Tax assessment for another year, and to reduce exemptions and abolish certain deductions from IncomejTax. However, the Tariff is not passed yet, and as a member of the Ministry remarked when asked to give some of the estimated surplus to country Institutes, . "It's best not to holloa until one is out of the w00d» Bu events it behoves Port j ugusta to testify itB --- approval ' of the Freetrade stand taken by its member, Mr Burgoyne, and it is to be hoped that the public meeting to be held on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Institute will be largely attended. Almost without exception the residents around Newcastle POLLING places have protested against the Tariff, expressed disapproval of^Mr Play ford's'remarkable conversion to Protection, | and approval of Mr Burgoyne's attitude. It wonld indeed be strange if I Port Augusta, which returned Mr Bur- I goyne at the head of the poll, could not I find a word to say in approval of the stand I he took against the Tariff. Copies of the petition _ against the measure have been forwarded to all the polling placeB in Newcastle, and to a number of the most accessible ones in Frome and Flinders. They should now be returned to Port Augusta with the signatures attached as soon as possible, that they may be forwarded through the Hons. A. Campbell W. Copley to the Legislative Council without delay. NRRR> T"»AV On TnflRilfiv at the V.R.C. miles. Dragon was backed at 7 to 4, with Friction next in demand at 3 to 1. The Sydney crack, Ellerslie, led to the last turn, but Friction cut him down in the straight, and Launcelot making his effort also, a good race home resulted in the Tict' 0f Friction by two lengths, Laun(T e i ot 8ec0 nd, and Ellerslie third. | Tfae timP) 5 40, was very good. The winner is by Melbourne, and as everybody knows, Melbourne was a Panic; it is evident that the Panic is Btill the best in Australia for j and staying. No IOBS than 20 out for the Railway Stakes, a six furlong event; Eaonl was first favorite at 4 to 1, Chicago and Master John next in demand at 5 to 1. At the turn Teddy Yuille led, but at the distance Master John came up and sailed in a length ahead of Newmaster, who beat Lando for second place by a neck. Time—lmin. 15|8ecs. The winner iB a South Australia bred four-year-old, by Lockleys, and the property of "Joe" Thompson. Kensington Stakes, five furlongs, brought out a field of four only, of whom Hegira was backed at level money. She however, to do more than take gecond place, for Mr J. Hill's South Australian colt, Venture, led from to finish, winning by six lengths in 1.3. The Melbourne Cup, a sweep of 20 eovs. with £2,500 and a £100 trophy added, brought out only 18 horses to face the starter—the smallest field since Haricot fluked the Cup in 1874. Trident, Enfilade, Frisco, Escutcheon, and Affluence were scratched—and no loss either. There was a rush on Meleor at the last, and he went out first favourite at 5 to 1, Australian Peer and Algerian 6 to 1, Oakleigh (the Caufield Cup winner) next in demand, 20 to 1 offered about Dunlop, Cranbrook, Tranter, and Niagara, and 25 to 1 against It. the Hon. RR J. T TITL:..). White's A.J.C. A T f! Derby n.rKn ninnar winner, Abercom. Sardius was started because hiB owner had wagered that he wonld start, but it would have been better to scratch him, as he bad not the ghost of a show, and broke his fetlock in the race. A good start was effected, Algerian and Silver Prince getting best away; the Charmer then took the lead, with Silver Prince and Tranter in attendance ; Algarian next went up, and round the back of the course had a Blight lead of the Prince, who dropped back at the home turn, and was replaced by Cranbrook, Dunlop taking third place. Silvermine and Australian Peer made their rush on entering the straight, and Niagara closed up; the cry was raised for Silver Mine, but Dunlop improved his position, won by a length from Silver Mine, who beat Australian Peer by a similar Niagara losing third money by a nose. The time, if correctly taken, iB the fastest on record, viz.,3min. 28£secs.—one second less than Sheet Anchor's in 1885. Dunlop is a five year old, by Neckersgat, and was bred by Sir Thomas Elder. He iB now the property of Mr B. Donovan, and was ridden by Saunders, at 8st. 31b. (including 51b. penalty). He was a Derby favorite in 1885, but proved a most disappointing fraud, though thiB season he has been running well. Algerian, in spite of his 6st. 121bs., was played out a quarter of a mile from home ; Oakleigh bad a spill the day before on the tan,and Niagara's running proved that he might have won the Derby had he not been doubly interfered with in last Saturday's race. Maggie won the Nursery Handicap, 5 furlongs, in 1.2£, and Pasha appropriated tbe Tan Jean Stakes, ope mile, in J.44. The Levite ran in thia row, «ad started at 60 to 1. THE ROYAL HUMANE SOCIETY or AN EPISCOPAL VISIT.— Dr. Kennion, nglican Bishop of Adelaide, held a conirmation service in St. Augostin's Church last night, and admitted 18 confirmera to the full privileges of Oburch membership. j AUS- TRALASIA.—We have received the annual report of this Society, founded at Melbourne thirteen years ago, for the year 1887\. Tbo Society's awards for bravery, and skill in savinjg human life are gold, Bilver, and bronze medals, certificates' of merit, and the " Clarke" medal, which is annually awarded to the " best caBe" which comes before the Society in each year. The Society, which is now extending its operations throughout the colonies, has only three correspondents in South Australia (Tasmania has 10 and. Western Australia 6) ; and not a angle'penny of subscription was received' from this colony during laBt year. COWARD SPRINGS RACES.—The following are the-.weights for the Coward, Springs Races:—Handicap Hurdles— B.g. Hotspur,, list. 101b.; b.m. Vanity, list.; Jack's the Lad, lOst. 9lb.; e.g. Seaweed, 10st 41b.; g.g. Taffy, 9st 101b.; br.g. Wallayarra, 9st. 71b.; Lightfoot, 9st. Coward Springe Handicap—Bl.g. Prime, 10st. 71b.; b.m. Vanity, 9st. 121b.; b.g. Reindeer, 9et. 101b.; b.g.Vandyke, 9st. 41b.; b.m. Orange Girl, 9et.; b.g. Fishhook, 8st. 101b.; e.g. Seaweed, 8et. 71b. MILITARY SPORTS.—The Committee of the Military Sports meeting to be held on the racecourse on Wednesday next met last night, and accepted the tender of Mr Hakendorf, for the right to supply refreshments on the ground. It was decided also that if the entries did not fill up this evening to extend the time of receiving entries. A j nnmt, er 0 f visitors and competitors from he surrounding districts are expected, and s the weather promises well, a moBt njoyable day Bhould result. Arrange ments will be made for the conveyance of spectators to the ground by rail, and as the price of admission is low and a whole day's sport is offered, and on a public holiday, the attendance Bhould be large It may be aB well to remark, that as the first event comes off at 11 o'clock, people who drive out might just as well make a pic-mo of it, in English Derby fashion, FOOD FOB SHE BEAKS.—The other day a woman accompanied by htr son, a small boy, entered a railway carriage. A oareworn expression hung over ber face like a tattered veil, and'many of the rapid ques tions asked by her boy were answered by unconscious sighs. " Ma," Baid the boy, << that man is like a baby, ain't he ?" pointing .to a bald-headed man sit- J ting just in front of them. " Hush." « Why'must 1 hush?" After a few moments he broke silence again, •< Ma, what's the matter with that men's head ?" " Hush, can't you? He's bald." " What's bald ?" " His head hasn't got any hair on it." " Did it come off ?" "I gu so.' " Will mine come off ?" " Some time may be." " Then I'll be bald, won't I?" " Yes." " Will you care?" " Don't ask so many questions." After another silence the boy exclaimed—" Ma, look at the fly on that man's head." " If you don't hush, I'll whip you when we get home." "Look ma, there's another fly, j 0 ok at 'em fight, look at em 1" " Madam," eaid the bald man, putting down his newupaper, and looking across severely, "What i s the matter with that young hyiena ?" The poor woman bluBhed, stammered out an unintelligible apology, and attempted to smooth back the boy's hair. " One fly, two, three flies," said the boy, innocently following with his eyes a basket of orangeB carried by the newsboy. " There, you young hedgehog," said the baldbeaded man, " If you don't huBh I'll have the guard put you off the train." The poor woman, not knowing what else to do oxed the boy'a ears, and then gave' him n orange to keep him from crying. Ma, have I got any red markB on my ead ?" " If you don't Btop I'll slap you uiet I'll give you a shilling." The boy romised, and the money was paid over. he bald man took up his paper and esumed his reading. " This is my baldead money," said the boy, " when et bald-headed I'm going to give boys oney. Mister, have all bald-headed en got money The annoyed man hrew down his paper, aroBe, and xclaimed, " Madam, when you travel enceforth leave that young' gorilla' at ome. Hitherto I always thought the ld prophet was cruel in- jpalling the jibeears to chaw up the children, who made port of hiB head ; but now^r^j.%rced o believe that he waB perfectly justified. f your boy had been in the 'erowd be ould have died firet. If I can't find nother seat in this train I'll ride on tbe owcatcher sooner than remain here." The bald-headed man is gone 1" said the boy, as hiB mother leaned back and breathed tired sigh of relief.—(Communicated). MONKEYS ON THE LOOSB.—Seven monkeys ate a drugged cocoannt in Brazil some months ago, and they woke up in Bio Janiero marked, for shipment-to Costello, Brooklyn, U.S.A. They got there last Sunday in a show box furnished with one wire-screen side, and were put under the kitchen table on the third floor of Mr Costello's house. The monkeys relieved the gnawing? at their stomachs by taking turns in gnawing at the doof of their cage. They gnawed the lock* clean off Monday afternoon, and about 5 o'clock Mrs Costello heard a scream from tbe green parrot in a cage on the table, and, turning, saw seven monkeys turning somersaults on each other to get their paws on tbe parrot. The monkeys were out of the window in a twinkling, and on the low roofs of adjoining buildings. Timothy and three other young men g 0 t out on the roofs and .began a des- I I HK. ah«» nn perate chase. Tbe monkey? ihot up eave- spoutsand lightning rods, and turned aboat to make faces at their pursuere. Down and up, right and left, and zigzag, they flew over the entire block of low houseB. Timothy managed to get his hands one one in & corner. H« * alto 'got a bite in the thumb, but held on and turned the captive over to Mr CoBleflo. Timothy o&ught; four more after a long and very strategic chase, and another young man caught another on tbe fly as be waB leaping for a tree on Furman street. But the seventh and biggest one had broader ideas. Several hundred people had collected in Poplar,; and Hicke streets during the chase, and down into the midst of these flopped No. 7. There was a yell and a scramble, and the monkey flew up a telegraph pole, hung a moment by his tail from a wire, and then dropped on an awning, kicked a couple of pot plants off a window sill, frightened two girls, and was off into Furman street, with the crowd after him. A boy grabbed for and got a good bold on bim, when a ''longshoreman tried to take him away. The monkey got a piece of the 'longshoreman's hand as big as a dollar in MB month, bnt Costello got the monkey at last.—Bree Press, InBtituteB Bill, empowering the trustee 1 of Institutes to vest them in corporations* introduced in the Assembly on Tuesday. Henry benjamin Qanton, of Adelaide, jam-maker, baa at IaBt got through tbe insolvency Court. The truBteeB laid charges of fraud, but tbe Commissioner held that nothing worse than negligence and incapacity in accooQt*keeping had been proved. Second- clues certificate awarded; with suspension for one year. 