Eales anij Sketches. At Half-past the Eleventh Hour. A Queensland Story. Chapter I. " Go to the window, Julian ; the doctor is so long of coming to-day." " Dear me, Leta, you're quite well now; I'm sure you don't need to watch for the doctor's visits that way." | 44 But my head is so tired, and it always 1 does me good to see him." " Well, seeing all he does is to look in your face, and take your hands so and say, * How is my little patient this morn ing ?' I don't see what good he does you. When are you coming riding again with me, Leta ? I've a new horse that would not shy at a circus band." Julian's voice was soft and guttural, I " as if," as some one says, 44 he brought every word to the tip of his tongue, tasted J it, and liked the flavour." Julian's voice 1 was always soft to Leta. j " Oh, it's so hot, and my head is so} tired," and the beautiful head fell back I wearily among the cushions. I A clatter of horses' feet. The fair head I lifted just a little. A question, and the J raised voice of the servant in reply. The | eyes that Julian was gazing into turned I towards the door. A clang of spurred J heels—a quick, light step. Leta raised I herself, and held out both her hands. 1 Julian bit his thick lips and muttered I something inaudible. 44 Good morning, Dr. Elliot, and you've I been long of coming, and my head is so j tired—and it is so hot." j My little girl, the fever is over now, I and the poor head must soon be better. Did you sleep last night, Leta 1" j Dr. Elliot bent forward to look into the 1 brown eyes, and then he glanced up. ] 44 Do you intend to sit through my pro- ] fessional visit, Julian ?" ] Julian's soft guttural voice was perfectly J placid in reply. , j " Dear me, no. 44 Good-bye, Leta. j I'll come to take you riding to-morrow, { I remember." I | " Yes, yes, I remember," and Leta I | smiled after him. The professional part j of the visit, though perhaps not quite so J brief as Julian's description, was soon j over. I As Dr. Elliot leaned forward to shake J up the cushions, something slid from the j lounge and fell to the floor. In an instant I Leta started up, the colour surging brightly j over neck and face. j 44 Oh, Dr. Elliot, please don't look at J it." But her wish was disregarded. He J lifted it gently and set it on his knee—a doll. 41 Oh, Miss Leta Brandon—you—you J aged nearly sixteen—you whom a foud j mother believes now able to take your j place in society." 1 The glance that Leta gave him was one I of such piteous, bewildered, sweet entreaty j that he held the stiff thing out to her and j laughed no more. ] When I come back from England, I Leta, you will be quite a grown-up young I lady—poor dolly will be in the dust-bin I then." J Leta gave her favourite a guilty hug. I II Oh, Dr. Elliot, how long do you mean I to stay ?" I 44 Well, Leta, I suppose I shall be} away for about a year." - I " A year—a whole year! Oh, dear me, I what will I do, and what will your chil- I dren do without you, Dr. Elliot ?" j Dr. Elliot shaded his bright eyes for a j moment with his hand. ] 44 Well, Leta, my children don't see j much of me as it is, and they are well j taken care of as they ever can be—with- } out their mother." I 44 Yes," said Leta softly—any allusion 1 to Dr. Elliot's dead wife she felt was be- | yond the pale of her young sympathies— I so she only added vaguely, 44 You will J miss the babies—they are so sweet." I 44 Now, my little girl," said Dr. Elliot, j drawing his chair nearer and looking J straight into her face, 441 have something I to sayto yon before I go. Leta, my dear, J although you held your doll in your arms j all day long, it would not prevent your} growing up—you can't help it, and as you j grow up you will find some toys even more j amusing than dolls." { 44 Toys ?" said Leta, vaguely. I 44 Playthings, Leta; there was one of I them here half an hour ago." I 4 4 Dogs ?" said Leta, but she coloured as j she spoke. j 44 No, Leta ; men I meant. Now, take j care, my little girl, which of them you j choose to play with. The Carabets, for} instance, are they so veiy nice ?" } 44 Julian is." I 41 What about Edward ?" I 44 Oh, Edward is nice too. He is so J handsome. But he never talks to me ; j he only talks to the others, and looks at j me." J 441 dare say he does ; and why do you j like Julian, then ?" I 44 Julian is so kind. When he was in j Sydney I was so dull; and now he is nicer ] than ever. Our house is so quiet. Ella 1 has headaches all day long, and she is al- ] ways lecturing me, and mother is always j ill too, and I hate to talk either to my fa- I they or George—they are so horrid." I 44 Hush, Leta ; you must not talk that J way." 44 But they are, and Julian is the only person that amuses me. He rides with me, and sits and talks with me for hours;} and he's not so very ugly as they say." 44 Ugly— urn ?" Dr. Elliot stroked his shapely chin and smiled. 44 Well, his move- I ments are like a cat's—and cats are gene- j rally supposed to be graceful—still, Leta, J I'd advise you don't mistake Iago for j Othello in this instance." I 44 Desdemona, Dr. Elliot ?" j 44 The gentle lady married to the Moor," and Dr. Elliott had to shake the purple j cushions and hide bislaughter. j 44 A Moor !" said Leta, indignantly, j " He's no more a Moor than you are I yourself, Dr. Elliot." j 441 am an Englishman, Miss Leta. I did not know there was any close connec- ] tion between the races." I " He isn't so very dark, and many Queensland natives are the Bame." " Well, he would be the better of some of your fairness, Leta. Now, my child, good-bye; you will remember what I said." " About Desdemona ?" " No, not exactly ; but remember that too if you like- Good-bye—good-bye, Leta. I will not see you again till you are quite grown up, Leta; bo you will kiss me good-bye ?" Leta smiled, laid her arm across his shoulder, and raised her sweet lips to his. Dr. Elliot went thoughtfully along to the verandah to make his farewells to the family. A young man leant against one of the pillars talking with the ladies. As Dr. Elliot came up he turned away. He was slight, graceful, supple, easy in every movement, and yet like Juliau Carabet. "Most interesting young man," re marked the mother. " "Very," said Dr. Elliot, following him with his eyes. " Quite reformed, I believe," said the sister. " I believe so." " But he wants Julian's simplicity and steadiness," added the friend. " He does." Dr. Elliott cut short the indefinite good byes and long messages to English friends. As he rode away he just glanced behind him once at the long, flat- roofed house, half shaded by trees. A long holiday was before him—a cheer ful, wished-for change of scene—a return to his native country—and Dr. Elliott was intensely patriotic, and yet he felt some how as if he left a treasure behind him there. Chapter H. A year afterwards the same white sky, unchanged as if he had been gone but for a day. The same heavenly clearness of sky, hot sunshine, and vivid colours. As Dr. Elliot drew his horse to the side to let a rush of traffic pass down the street, another rider also stopped—Ewart Carabet. When the greetings were over— •'Tell me the latest news, Carabet," said Dr. Elliot. " I am wearying to hear some. I have heard no Brisbane gossip for six months at least." " There will be no latest news till Wed nesday." " Why, what happens then ?" ! The other reined back his horse, and there was a pause before he replied. "Oh, our young beauty's marriage, of course, to my brother Julian." " You mean Miss Blane ?" " No. I mean Leta Brandon. Julian has fallen on his feet once again, you see | —got all our uncle's money—as rich as ! anything now—Brandons were as sweet on j him as possible. He's all that's respect- j able now—quite reformed, the people i say." j " I believe them." : " Well, good morning. See you soon again." "Oh, Dedemona!" says Dr. Elliot, rid ing slowly up the sunny street. " We congratulate you, Dr. Elliot," says the mother, smiling languidly. " So you have a wife in England," says the sister who had tried and failed. " When are we to see her ?" asks the friend. " I don't understand you, madam." " Your marriage, Dr. Elliot." " My marriage ?" " Yes, it was Julian who told ine," says the mother. " He showed it in a newspaper," says the sister. " He showed us the paper," says the friend. "My brother was married in April— probably Mr. Carabet mistook the name." " Qh! that must have been the mis take. I remember that the newspaper was slightly torn—the first name was not there," says the mother. " He said lie had not seen the name," says the friend. " The less said about such a mistake the better ; but I suppose I must receive the congratulations of the whole town—I can't escape that. But I came here to congra tulate your daughter, Mrs. Brandon. I suppose she's in the house—may I go in and find her as I used to do ?" A heap of white flounces, two little hands wrung close together, a beautiful golden head bent low on the sill of the window. , "Leta!" " Oh, Dr. Elliot, is it really you ?" "I have come back again, you see. How tall you have grown, Miss Brandon ; you have grown quite out of my acquaint ance. (Good Heavens, how lovely !)" I " I hope—hope that may never be, Dr. 1 Elliot." i " Well, if I had only delayed my com- j ing for two days I doubt if I would have recognised my little patient in Mrs. Julian Carabet. (Mercy I what a fool I have been.)" " I hope I shall always be same to you, Dr. Elliott." "Now I must congratulate you. I trust you will be very, very happy, Leta." " Thank you, Dr. Elliott." (A sob.) "Is Julian a very ardent lover?" (A shiver.) "Yes—very." (A pause.) "Dr. El liot, when are you going to bring your wife to see me ?" "My wife, Leta—I have none—I will never marry—now." " But I saw it in the newspapers—Ju lian told me." " You saw my brother's marriage in the newspapers—and—and—Leta, have you not learned yet not to believe all that Julian tells you ?" " Oh, Dr. Elliot—and I am going to marry him." " Leta, may I ask you one question— just one, and then my old position of | counsellor and friend is gone for ever." "Yes, Dr. Elliot." " Will you answer now, truly, Leta V " Truly—truly as I ever answered you anything in my life." 44 Do you lore him, Leta ?" i " No, Dr. Elliot, I do not ?" " Did you ever love another man—stand up, Leta, and answer me bravely as you ; used to do." "Yes, Dr. Elliott, I did." " Do you love this man still ?" " Yes, Dr. Elliot; I will love him al ways." He came nearer to her, and took her hands in his. "Leta, Julian Carabet is a soulless brute; his very glance defiles you. I'd rather see you iu your shroud than in a bridal dress for him. They call his bro ther Edward the worst man in the town, but Julian is ten times worse than he is." " Dr. Elliot I am going to marry him." " Leta, you cannot do it." " I must." "You.shall not do it, Leta." " I cannot help it now ; I cannot break my promise ; I have not courage." " He has lied to you purposely." 44 I know that." " Have you not courage to tell him so, and be free again ?" 44 No, Dr. Elliot." " Why, little girl, are you such a cow ard?" " Yes—for him." " Leta, do you remember, long ago, you rode through the bush from Hope's sta tion in the dark with me. Were you frightened then ?" " No, I was not frightened." "Do you remember what you said to me then? I have never forgotten it, Leta!" " Yes, I remember." " Say it over to me now, Leta; say it." "I would go through the Valley of Death and not be afraid—if you were there." "Thank you. Now will you do this and not be afraid—because I ask you ?" "Yes, Dr. Elliot, I will." "Leta, dear, why are you so quiet? You haven't said two words since I've come in." "Julian, I have something to say to you." Julian bent his dark face to kiss her, but she moved away. He followed her, and stood laughing at her downcast eyes. " Oh, nonsense, Leta. I hate you when you begin to be serious. Don't, now, there's a good girl. See, I have brought you some rings, but tbey are not to go on till Wednesday ; the one you have must do till then." "Julian, I have something to ask you." " Mon Dieu, Leta ! Don't draw your self up that way ; you look like a white fury." " Julian,' you said you saw Dr. Elliot's marriage in the papers." " Yes ; 'pon my honour, so I did ; you saw the papers yourself, Leta." 44 Dr. Elliot was here this morning. It was his brother's marriage, not his own, yon saw." Julian threw back his head and laughed long and loud. 44 Bless me, Leta, have you never found that out before." 44 Then you told me a lie ?" "YeB, of course I did. Leta, Leta, darling, you're not angry ?" He bent down towards her. Then she slowly turned her golden head, raised her face, and looked straight into his eyes. The burning words died dumb upon his lips. His passionate, imploring eyes fell. He stood there silent before that straight, searching gaze. Had there been love, honour, or purity in the man's soul then it would have an swered, but there was none. She drew the ring off her finger and laid it down. The great sapphire glowed there between them like an angry blue eye. 44 Leta, will you break your bond two days before your marriage ?" 44 Yes, I will." 44 Do you know what the world will say?" 441 do." 44 They will say you jilted me to marry another man—or worse." 44 Let them say it." 44 Leta, do you mean it ?" 441 do. I do not love you. I never did. I will not marry you. I have be haved shamefully. I have given you my word and broken it. I deserve to be called everything that is bad, but I would die a thousand deaths rather than be yonr wife now. You have lied and deceived me. I will break my promise to you. I will never marry you." He gave one fierce look into the white, steady, beautiful face. 44 Go," she said, and he went. The horse was hard ridden and flecked with foam. The rider was hot and angry. He cursed the servants at the door as he flung them the reins and turned into the house. 44 Been to see your bride, Julian ?" "Yes." 44 Very charming ?" 44 Curse her I" 44 Julian, are you mad, or drunk, or what now ?" 44 If I am—look there !" and he flung something on the table. The light trembled on the great sap phire, and caught the circle of gold. "Oh I so Miss Brandon has changed her mind ?" "Yes." 44 At half-past the eleventh hour, in deed !" 44 Little devil Edward lifted the ring and slipped it up and down his brown finger, smiling. " Perhaps she met Dr. Elliot—he's come home, yon know. That little game of yours about the newspaper was very clever, Julian." Julian swore at him. 44 My little brother, take tare what yon say. Don't let your angry passions " Oh, if I had her in my power, if only for a day, I " Edward bent lightly and laid a hand like iron on his shoulder. " Say one word—just one word more— you lying coward, that you are, and I will thrash you within an inch of your life; that fair name is to white for your lips, you brute !" " Fair name, indeed ! to jilt me in that way, two days' before her marriage. Fair name, indeed !" Edward took two paces across the room, and then faced round suddenly. " Look here, Julian. I loved that girl ! more than you ever loved anything in your selfish life. But I honoured her too much ever to dare to ask her to marry a man who had lived a life like mine. I never said a word to her. I scarcely dared to touch her hands—they were so white—and you—you soulless, black- i hearted, lying sinner that you are—you thought she would marry you. As soon believe you might enter heaven." 1 " Are you done V' ! " Yes." j " Well, then, get away, I do not want you." An hour afterwards the gaudy tripping of a French opera air was sounding through the open window. Julian was teaching the green parrots to whistle. But that evening Br. Elliot rode np to the house and had a long interview with young Carabet. " Did you horse-whip him V' asks the kind brother smiling at the door. " I did not find it necessary," was the reply, and Dr. Elliot rode away. Chapter III. " Leta looks like a ghost this morning, Dr. Elliot. I'm afraid she will be ill. Will you go and see her ?" said the un suspicious agitated mother. " She is taking her conduct to heart, I am glad to see," said the sister. " You will find her alone in the draw ing-room," said the friend. " Well, Leta, things look very black thiB morning." " Oh, yes, Dr. Elliot; it is all so dreadful. They say I have behaved so shamefully." " So you have." " Oh, Dr. Elliot, even you are not my friend. I am so miserable." " Why ? Because I said that our old re lations were changed yesterday ? Is there no new one I can assume, Leta ?" " I don't want a new one." " But if I can be your friend no longer, can I transform myself into father, bro ther, or ancle, Leta ?" " No, Dr. Elliot; I don't want a new relation to you." 44 But, my little girl, I do. Can you suggest any ?" " Please don't tease me just now, I am so miserable." " Lover and husband, Lctal How will that do ?" "Oh, Dr. Elliot!" " Will that answer, my dear love ?" Leta held out both her hands to him and hid her face on his breast. " Well, my little girl, here is your mother coming. I have just one thing more to say—the less time we give them to talk about us the better. You will marry me soon, Leta 1" " Yes, whenever you like." 