traveller. Celestial Oddities.— The Chinese wear white during the periods of mourning, never black. They whiten their shoes with chalk instead of blacking them, and mount their horses from the off side. The men in China wear the petticoats, while the women inva riably wear pantaloons. Men run the dress making and millinery stores, and every man carries a fan, either in his hand or tucked in the collar of his dress behind the neck. Women smoke on all occasions. When a man has suffered an injury at the hands of another and desires revenge, instead of killing his offender he kills himself, believing that the man whom he hates will be held accountable for his death, and will be fearfully tormented by demons in this world and in the next. If a Chinaman wishes to especially honor any one, he assigns him to a standing or sitting position on his left hand. Instead of a Japan ese woman compressing her feet as her Chinese sister does, she has a custom far more disgusting. They naturally have fine teeth, but when a woman marries she is compelled by custom to dye her teeth black, which pro cess is repeated every few years. The effect is hideous in the extreme. " The most import ant article of a native woman's dress, is the obi, or sash. This is usually of costly mate rial, and is tied behind in a huge bow with the strictest care. When a Japanese woman becomes a widow and signifies her determina tion never to marry again, she ties the obi in front. They seem to smoke all the time. The tiny Japanese pipe contains but two or three whiffs, and as the tobacco is rolled up tightly in the fingers before it is inserted, the ash when shaken out is a small fireball, from which a second pipe is lighted . At a Japan ese feast the same cup is passed from hand to hand, each person rinsing it in a bowl of water after using and before offering it to another. The lowest class of Japanese are buried in a squatting position, in a sort of barrel. It is a mistake to suppose that tbe burying of the dead is universal in Japan. The rich and the noble are buried in square coffins, the body being partially preserved from decay by filling the nose, ears and mouth with vermillion. After death the person receives a new name. This name is " Okwuna " or the accompanying name. It is customary on accasion of the first visit to a house lo carry a present to the owner, who gives something of equal value on returning the visit. Cats in Japan are found with stumps where there should be tails. Some times this is the result of art, and sometimes the course of nature. All the temples of Japan, as well as of China, have guests' apartments, which may be secured for a con sideration. either for a short or long period of time. It is wrong to suppose that there is any desecration of a sacred shine for the pur pose of using it as a hostelry ; it is the cus tom of the country. The practice of suicide by disembowelling is of great antiquity. On entering a Japanese house the native re moves Jbis sword, leaving only his dirk. The rooms of the house arc divided by paper screens, which form partitions, and they may be made into one room at will. Dynamite for Sharks.— There are not many ways of destroying this hated and dreaded sea-tiger. To_ harpoon jt. needs a practised eye and a cunning band; more over the vc-scl should be at anchor or be calmed and the shark stealthily moving within reach of the harpooner's muscle. The lump of beef or pork, the large hook con nected by a chain to the line, the adroit paying out of the bait in the true spirit of malignant coquetry — these arc the old fashioned and still enduring devices, which have been the. reason of many thousand of the sailor's abhorred enemy giving up the ghost, and then- returning to the" deep in mutilated fragments, to serve as food for other sharks. But, unhappily, this method of fishing is not sure. The creature often escapes after gorging the hook. To make bis destruction rcrtaiifc, «l<raroary t0 Jilow hjjgni ,-y iiful this has lately been per formed with such great success as not only to entitle those who undertook the business to t he applause of the seafaring world, but to invite earnest imitation whenever oppor tunity suffers imitation to be possible. The story has been thus related : A ship was lately laying off Port Natal, when several huge sharks, sonic of them exceeding fifteen feet in length, were observed sweeping under the vessel's counter and along her sides. A hook was baited aud thrown over board, and was immediately swallowed by one of tbe biggest of the sharks, which quietly cut the line with his teeth, taking no further notice of it. The following stra tagem was then hit upon :— The breast of a buck that was rather "highland the fitter bait in consequence for sharks, who cannot he regarded as very nice in their eating, was weighted that it might sink : and inside of it there was placed a hand charge of gun cotton, the whole being connected by a wire with an electric battery. No sooner had the venison reached the water than the shark made straight for it, but just as he opened his mouth to swallow the bait the charge was exploded, his jaws being completely shattered. The monster turned on his back and sank in the bay. Here is a satisfactory assurance that there is one shark less in the sea, though such is this fish's ex traordinary tenacity of life that, had the shark not made a sure death sign by turning on its back and quietly sinking, the blowing away of part of the head would not have pcrsur 'ed those who knew the creature's vi tality feel sure that he was dead. Cut a shark : to pieces, and like fragments of the ever.:-;: lug worm, each piece will go on puls ing with a hideous instance of life. Cashmere's Capital and Its People.— Cashmere, which has just been devastated by an earthquake, is a kingdom in the north west part of India, including the vale of. Cashmere, made famous by the poet Moore. Seringur, the capital, has a population of about one hundred and thirty-five thousand. It extends about four miles along both sides of . a deep and placid stream, about three hundred feet wide. From its delightful situation and innumerable canals, Seringur has been called, the Venice of Asia : but the city is, for the iiiost part, extremely filthy. The houses, which are generally delapiated, are built of thin bricks, with timber frames, many of them three stories high. Sixty thousand people can worship in the mosque. The capital is the centre of the shawl manu facture of Cashmere, The men are tail, robust, well formed, and- iudustnous ; the women famous for their beauty and fine complexions. They are a gay people, fond of pleasure, literature and poetry, but are represented by many tra vellers as peerless in cunning and avarice, and notoriously addicted to lying. Notwith standing the beauty of their vale, the popu lation, since the beginning of the present century, has been reduced from eight hun dred thousand to two hundred thousand by pestilence, famine, and earthquakes. Under Mhe treaty of Lahore, in 1816. the British government came into control, but immedi ately sold the country for £750,000. The present ruler, by a compact made at the time of the purchase, is to he assisted by the British in defending, himself against his enemies. Children Lose in Weight.— Doctors say- that mothers who take pride in the weight of their newly born children, should weigh them as soon as possible after birth. Chil dren lose their weight during the first three days of life, and tbe loss sometimes amounts to twelve ounces or more. It takes them nearly a week to regain the weight they had at- the time of birth. A timict Chinamandiucd with the young Indies ol: Jit. IMroku Seminary ri few weeks since. His laconic remark at leaving was : — 11 Too much pl'Mity girl," __ - 