THE TREASURE or THORBURNS. BY FREDERICK BOYLE, Author of "On the Border Land," "A Good Eater," "Camp Notes," &c.; {Published by special arrangement with tha author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XX.-A SUNDAY LUXOH AT THOEBUR>\S To allow Mrs. Godaeff time for prepar ing iunch Eldred took his guests round the building, and pointed out the altera tions he designed. No entertainment other than this could have drawn Mr. Eating from the cares and anxieties which pressed upon him, though in heart as in face he preserved his cool courage. Eldred also found a warm interest in the lore which his guest poured forth, and the ideas he suggested. Thorburns had been a eacred thing to the Africander from his earliest recollection, and assuredly it wa3 not less absorbing now, when he had un dertaken to renew its former glories-feel ing desperately ignorant himself and ad vised to distrust the conventional authori ties. As a matter of fact, Eldred knew better what was required than nine hundred and ninety-nine in a thousand of young Englishmen who might have found themselves in his position. He had tact also, that instructive appreciation of the fitting which belongs to a man of in telligence who has not been corrupted by the barbarism of civilisation. Mr. Esking commended all his ideas for reproducing the appearance of the house as it stood three centuries and a half ago ; that date was chosen because it was the earliest in which any sort of description could be found. A vast deal, of course, Eldred had been obliged to reconstruct from his moral consciousness, and it was flattering to learn from an antiquarian so distinguished that he had made no serious error. Mr. Esking was a good deal con cerned about the gate towers, which he described as unique. Not a stone should be touched there, inside or out. Eldred agreed with him, and when his con currence was established Mr. Esking's approval of everything proposed became enthusiastic. Kate and Mendel were frankly bored by his learned talk and the pauses for dissertation. They wandered afield, exploring the neglected shrubberies, in venting grotesque legends, and laughing loud at their own fancies. They reached the Pool Dam suddenly, and Arthur was rewarded by an outburst of surprise quite as pretty and as clamorous as he had hoped. In fact, the view of that black water sleeping fifty feet below, unseen be hind a mask of trees which grew on the very edge of the precipice, was startling to nerves more robust than Kate's. "Ob, how awful!"' she exclaimed with eyes rounded and lips parted in unfeigned horror. " What a ghastly pit. Oh, Hilda ! Did you know of this She turned and ran with graceful impatience towards the other party. "M rs. Fanshawe has discovered our Pool Dam, I suppose," said Eldred. " Come and look at it, Mias Esking, from the stoop-terrace, I mean." They clambered over the ruin3 of the banqueting-hall, which had fallen out wards on this side, whilst Kate breath lessly described the dreadful chasm she had seen. "Here it is," Eldred said. " I confess that tbis ornament to my grounds is rather a disconcerting object to come upon un prepared." "It is, indeed. I have often aeen it, you know, from the tower, but a near view ia much more striking Why, Mr. Thorburn, I wonder that none of yoar ancestors had it drained, if only to End the Treasure. It must lie there." "Tradition says not. And besides I understand that the pool was not dry at that time. Is it not so, air ?" "I should not care to say positively. Tradition does not tell who made it; at least, your uncle did not know." " Indeed!" replied Eldred thought fully. " I took it for granted that this work was carried out macli later. My father thought so, I fancy. Anyway, Miss Esking, the Pool Dam was never associated with our Treasure." Kate had warily descended the steps, Arthur in attendance, of course. She came up just in time to hear this observa tion. "Do you really believe that funny old tale ?" " Most certainly, Mrs. Fanshawe." " Dear me ! And are you going to hunt for the Treasure "As soon as I can get some necessary information." "May I ask what the information is ?'' " Certainly. I have to find out which is the oldest portion of my hou3e. I hope to succeed to-morrow. Eldred felt himself bound by the con vention to lay no trap for Mr. Esking before hostilities were resumed ; and much more, not for a guest. He did not even look towards him, until Hilda said "Papa could tell you that I should think." The blow was so 3harp, suggesting that a chie had been found at last. The father could not quite command his face. The smile upon it became a wiry distortion, and his voice was harshly irritable. . "A mere student in architecture would tell Mr. Thorburn this wall behind us is de Warren's erection. The lower windows remain almost perfect-rare specimens of domestic building in the fourteenth century." Eldred looked at them. His excursions into antiquarian science told him that the statement was probable, and he glanced thoughtfully beyond, towards the walk, unseen from this point of view which led to his neighbor's garden. "Well, I hope to know soon," he re plied, moving on. Mr. Esking longed to ask how, but dared not. He hoped some body would put the question, but Kate interrupted. She understood partly what was going on, and beg°n to feel alarm at the troubles she had raised-a physical discomfort, not resistance. " Mr. Mendel says that the wat9r is 50 feet deep. Can that be true ?" "So they say." ,l And not a boat on it, is there ? Sup pose Hilda or 1 were to fall in ? What could you do ?" "Heaven forbid! For myself, Mrs. Fanahawe, I could only drown with you, for we have no opportunity to learn to swim in South Africa." " That would be chivalrous, but hardly consoling. Pray get a boat, at least, Mr. Thorburn." '' Let me suggest a drag or two, and a cork jacket, and a copy of the Humane Society's rules for the treatment, &j.;," said Mendel. " I will have them all to morrow," Eldred replied with energy. " And I'm most grateful for the suggestion. There was a boat here formerly, 1 believe ; it is lying full of water in the shallows, almost beneath your garden wall, Mr. Esking. Yery thoughtless of me to overlook the chance of accident. For God's sake, Miss Esking, come away from the edge. Here iB my man to announce lunch at last." "L,was wondering," Hilda said as she turned, "what could possibly be the object of digging such a pit. It's quite artificial, isn't it, papa !" " Quite. The brook is dammed half a mile higher up, and makes a little cascade. I imagine that when this pool wa3 dry, the waterfall lay within sight, or hearing at least, of the banqueting-hall youder, and it has gradually worked back." "A proof that the Treasure isn't there, sir ! In the fourteenth century people didn't care much for waterfalls." "A shrewd remark, Mr. Thorburn; but I am not sure that it is safe argument. Anyhow, to make a cutting through a hill, 50 feet deep at least, and, as you believe, a 100, is a work which in later age3 would cost an enormous sum of money. Only eccentric millionaires could dream of such an undertaking now, and I may observe without offence that your ancestors have always been too much of the country gentlemen to have millions at their dis posal." " And what then Arthur asked. "Why then, it follows that the Pool Dam could only have been made by labor more or less forced-by corvee. If the work should be found later than the abandonment of villainage, it must still be of that very early date when wages were little more than nominal." "Unless, said Hilda, "the Thorburn who did it had an overpowering motive. He might ruin himself with the object of making a death-trap." "The very word I said," Arthur cried eagerly. '' Depend upon it that ugly pond was sunk for the purpose of murdering some body." They had reached the ball-room. "I am glad to cut short their speculation," Baid Eldred laughing. " They reflect upon my blameless forefathers to a degree quite embarrassing " " Oh, I beg your pardon, Mr. Thor burn " "Don't name it-I was joking. Will you ladies take off your bonnets ?" Mrs. Godseff was standing in the hall to receive her master's visitors with due honor. '' I am curiously interested in your Pool Dam," Hilda said, after greeting the house keeper. "May I ask Mrs. Godseff what people used to say of it in her young days ?" '' By all means. I hope you have a dreadful legend, mother ?" " The Pool Dam? Ay. there was talk of it, miss, when I was a girl. The old folks Bhook their heads and put us off, but now I'm an old woman myself, I'm fain to think perhaps they didn't know more than others." "That doesn't promise, Miss Esking. Now, mother, will you send a matd to show these ladies to a room ?" But Hilda had already taken off her bonnet without glass, and Kate, unwillingly, followed her example. The lunch was so odd that Mr. Esking noticed it, though he had even greater perplexities upon his mind than before. "I cannot forbear to say, Mr. Thor burn, that you have found an original sort of cook," he observed. '' I am hardly acquainted with the science of antiquarian cuisine, but it vaguely seems to me that these are the kind of dishes I read about " Arthur exclaimed, " I'm so glad to hear some one say that. The extraordinary flavors and combinations I have met with in this house will never be effaced from my memory." "I declare for myself," Kate said, j "that the point is, are they nice? You gentlemen who travel and study are judges of the eccentric, but we know as well as anyone what's good, and I protest that these rissoles of tish, if rissole3 of fish they be, are quite the most delicious things I ever tasted. What do you say, Hilda r " I agree heartily. If thisj is the an tique style of cooking, papa, pray find me Bome recipes for my book." "Perhaps it's South African," said Kate. "Something like it, I admit," Eldred replied, " but vastly superior. I seem to recognise the pure form of our fricadel in the dish you are good enough to praise, Miss Fanshawe. But my housekeeper is solely responsible." "Ah, Mrs. Godseff is a practical archaeologist! You must extract the secrets of her lore, Hilda." "If Mr. Thorburn permits, we will have a long talk presently." And after lunch, whilst the gentlemen smoked at table-Eldred had not yet learned that English ladies are supposed to dislike the smell of tobacco-she and Kate sought the venerable dame in her quarters. The drawing-room had been assigned to her, a small apartment ofl the hall, with the window looking towards the front. In old times it had another, blocked up centuries ago, when the ban queting-hall was built. So roughly had the work been done that naked bricks and mortar stared one in the face on entering at the back of a deep recess. "Dear me!" Kate exclaimed sarca3. tically. "It's not that Mr. Eldred don't care about my room, madam," said Mrs. Godseff, answering her thought indig nantly. '"He'd fill the blank with gold if I wished it." " But 1 understood this was the draw iDg-room formerly ?" Hilda remarked. " Aye ; look at the ceiling." It had been whitewashed and repaired as well as a country upholsterer could do it before Mrs. Godseff came into occupa tion. But Kate only saw an old- fashioned arrangement in plaster. "What are we to look at in the ceil ing?" she asked innocently. "That's took to be the finest work in England, madam, executed by the Italian artists who carved the mantelpiece in the hall. And I can recollect when every bit of furniture and plenishing in the room matched it. Ah, sad changes! In the old window there it was filled with a bookcase that poor Captain Thorburn sold in London for £725, not counting the books In it, which your papa bought, miss." "Well, the good times have come again, Mrs. Godseff, and that must be a great comfort to you. I want to hear all you know about the Pool Dam, and other things. Now sit down and tell U3 stories." "But where are we to sit?" Kate asked disconsolately, looking at the worm- eaten chairs, clean now, but colorless with ages of dust and neglect. "They're quite safe, madam, and if old bones can sit easy on 'em,[yours, ladies, should be comfortable." "Of course, Kate ! And you have your own chair which I used to admire at the cottage. Now, begin." "I must say that circumstances le33 favorable for the proper enjoyment of a ghost story were never designed. How could one possibly thrill and all that at 3.30 p.m , sitting bold upright like a poker in wires? Tell us, Mrs. Godseff, which is the oldest part of this awfully venerable building ?" "The oldest part? Why do you ask?" " Mr. Thorburn wants to know," Hilda said. " We were talking of it." "And why does he want to know?" Mrs. Godseff seemed strangely interested in the question. She tapped her stick on the floor imperiously, and her features worked with senile anger. " Dear me !" said Kate again, but with another significance. " Mr. Thorburn seems to think," she added, watching the dame, " that the family Treasure is buried under the oldest part of this house," " Ah, Miss Hilda, he'll listen to you ! Beg him, for the Lord's sake, to put that out of his mind. The Treasure has been ruin to his forefathers, and will be to him ! Ruin it was to the man who had it; ruin to the man-to every man who searched for it-ruin, ruin, ruin to all! Don't let Eldred go the way so many of 'em have gone ! Ask him, Miss Hilda, for your sake, to throw it off ! I look back over a many years, and us Godseffa have served Thorburns faithfully from father to son, mother to daughter, since there was Thorburns in the land ! Never nought bat mischief came of the Trea sure ! I beg of you, Hilda, to put it so before him in the word3 you could use ; he'll heed you !" " Dear me !" Kate exclaimed for the third time, with yet another tone. Hilda did not blush nor pale. "I have given you no right, Mrs. Godseff, to suppose that I possess auy in fluence with Mr. Thorburn. I know absolutely nothing of the matter you refer to, and if I did it would be very impertinent in me to advise Mr. 1 hor burn." The old woman made no reply for a moment, gazing in Hilda's face ; then Bhook her head gloomily. '' What must be, must! I've said my say, Misa Hilda, and you've heard. What was it you asked, madam ? Oh aye, about the Pool Dam. " When was it made, and why ?" "I have heard 'twas a John Thorburn who did it, and if your father has got the family tree as used to hang in the hall he could tell you when he lived. But thing3 have happened in the Pool Dam. The lady there " "Mrs. Fanahawe," Hilda suggested. " Yes, miss. She would like something by way of a ghost story. Thorburns waa never folks for such. I've heard Lord Roxton say in this room that it's odd there shouldn't be the ghost of a ghost about such a ghostly old place as this that was the grandfather of his lordship now. But there isn't so far as I're baan told." "The Thorburns have alwayB been quiet, virtuous persons ?" Kate suggested. "Nay! Enough of 'em have been wicked, and enough of 'em have come to an awful ending to people the neighbor hood with ghosts. There was Ralph Thor burn, as I was just thinking of. He manned a ship and fought agin tha Spaniards, and the Queen knighted him. Then he asked of her Majesty's grace to join him to the heiress of Genest of the Warrenage, who, as was well beknown, loved a young man of the Bolum. But the Queen gave her to Ralph, for it was the custom of those times that an heires3 belonged to the Crown. And three days after the marriage her body was found in the Pool Dam." " Good gracious," Kate exclaimed. " Did she drown herself ?" " Of course, she did, madam. But there was talk, and in the end Rilph restored the Warrenage property to the heir-at law. He went to sea again and was lost in a fight." "A three-volume novel in half a dozen sentences. You are an excellent story teller, Mrs. Godseff. Pray let us havs some more." "It was before Ralph's time, I think, that the heir-I don't mind his name was playing on the terrace with Jim God seff, who was one of us, but not my fore father. They fell over. Eldred Thor burn stood by talking with Sir Jame3 Bolum. He jumped in, caught young Godseff, and brought him to the steps, forgetting that the children were dressed alike, being foster-brothers. When El dred saw his mistake he pitched Jim back as far as he could throw. Sir Jame3 Bolum saved him, but the heir was drowned." " Decidedly I withdraw my opinion that the Thornburns have always been quiet and virtuous. Please go on. "Haven't you any prettier legends?" Hilda asked. "Not that I mind just now, mis3, of the Pool Dam, that is. Oh, it's told that a young lady was sitting on the parapet I don't know who she was nor when it happened. The wind snatched off her top-knot and dropped it in the pool. Hig Thorburn was standing beaide her. He plunged, and in doing so he afterwards eomeway put his foot out of joint. He brought the top-knot back, but waa lamed for life. I suppose doctors couldn't cure him." "The young lady married him, I hope ?" " I never heard of it." " What an odd name, Hig. It's short for something, I suppose ?" "No, madam. There have been several Higs in the family. The great-grand father of Mr. Eldred who is now waa christened so." "He was very fast, wasn't he ? I think I heard that the ruin of the family began with him." It's true, miss. Eh, dear ! What wild times they were when I firafc came to help my mother in this house." She paused in dark reflection. "Mr. Thorburn'B great grandfather? "Why, he must have been very old when you were very young," Kate said. '' Old in years, but the devil kept him young for mischief. His son, Miss Hilda, was a weakling, and so was his grandson that'B Captain Thorburn. No one dared say nay to Hig. And so it all came about" " What came about V' ""Why, the devilry, for short. The younger grandsons, Ralph and David, had spirit. They looked down on their elder brother in a way, and when they got short of money they dug for the Treasure, and knocked half his home down." "Why didn't you stop them, Mrs. Godseff i" " I was a wife then, miss, though I hadn't to change my name, marrying my cousin. And we was living far from this neighborhood, in Leicestershire. It was when my husband died I came back, and Captain Thorburn gave me the cottage. Ah! I little hoped to be housekeeper at Thorhurns again." "You belong to the place like its ivy. Ah, these legends and recollections will be loat when you go. They should be written down, Mrs. Godseff, and I wish-1 could help. We must leave you now, Hilda added, "grateful for a most in teresting talk. I have to a3k you at the same time for another sort of recollec tions. We are all delighted with the old world dishes served at lunch, which, Mr. Thorburn sayB, are your making. Will you let me have the recipes "Certainly, miss, and with pleasure. They were my mofchtr'a and her mother's, and back time out of my mind. I can't make 'em as they should be made, for our cook is not up to the old fashion, and, besides, I haven't the herbs and things by me yet. But the recipes are at your ser vice. And, Miss Hilda, I don't ask you to do it again, but if the chance comes, or if you can strain a point, beg of Eldred to leave the Treasure alone. Do, now. "But why not urge it yourself ?" "Ah, he's Thorburn, every inch ! D'ye think he mind me ? It would be a laugh and a joke first-if I went on he'd walk off-and then a black look and a sharp word. But he'd heed you." Hilda blushed now, and retired without giving a promise. They found Eldred and Mendel alone. The former said, "Mr. Esking could not wait, and he entrusted us with the pleasing duty of escorting you." Just a little surprised, Hilda put on her bonnet. The truth is that Mr. Esking could nob repress his anxiety to learn by what means Eldred proposed to find which was the oldest part of his house; how he had come to suspect that the Treasure lay there might be a question deferred. Not many authorities were capable of pro nouncing-if on authorities he relied. The clock tower might well be overlooked, for its upper floor and roof had be8n re built many generations since, and the more ancient courses of stone were mantled with ivy. Mr. Esking could think of one man alone in England who would pronounce at a glance, and one other alone who would detect the truth to a certainty if he gave his full attention. He had not need for much finesse in ascertaining what method was designed. Eldred said at once in answer to a cir cuitous suggestion-. "Ira expecting a gentleman to-morrow whose name, I understand, is known to you, since his father refers in a note to my learned neighbor's valuable contribu tions to our society. Does that give you any hint l' "I am very dull. What is the name ?" " The father's is Mr. Richard Onslow -I am not yet acquainted with the son's." It was nearly all over ! Genest had deserted him, and if he had not gone over to the enemy, his support could no be relied upon. And Waee Onslow was at hand. Within 24 hours he would be prying round, his musings aided and accompanied by that everlasting cackle o! laughter which antiquarian savants knew so well. About tu!s t!7u£ on the they would rise from lunch probably. Mr. Eskii.g Baw th§ whole incident in his mind's eye. Waee Oiislow would not overlook the Gate Towers. Within an hour the pavement would be up, or if Eldred waited till the workmen left it would be up before dinner. And then how could he have been so reckless as to bury odds and ends of rubbish then in filling the hole. The whole fabric of Mr. Esking's defence broke up and dissolved. If it was not yet proved that Thorburn had a Treasure the evidence was sufficient to show that some body had been digging inhisground within a recent time. And then all the testi mony of footmarks, of the vision, and the rest came in. Thorburn had a case at last, and George Genest was not trust worthy. It was nearly all over indeed. Not even Mr. Esking's nerve was proof against this terrible threat. He could not command himself, and after a few efforts to sustain the conversation rose suddenly, complaining of illness. Eldred fetched the key of the garden gate, and took him that way home. He said as they went, in a grave and gentle manner If you have anything to propose, Mr. Esking-any thing that I can accept-it is not too late now nor e;*er will be so long as I can control events ! I ask only my own \" " I have nothing to say !" They parted at the door. As the party of young people strolled alone the lane they fell into the order which had become almost habitual. Eldred and Hilda in front, Kate and Mendel far in rear. Each couple found an absording topic, but we are concerned only with the former. "Do you know," Hilda began, "that the dear old soul you call ' mother' is very anxious about you ? She let me see as much to-day, and I think it neighborly to tell you, Mr. Thorburn." Eldred looked down at her with stern enquiry, but to suspect this pure and noble being was impossible. His brow cleared. "I know she is concerned about my interest in the Treasure. Is that it ?" "Yes. She says it has brought ruin, ruin, ruin to all of you, and if that's the case, wouldn't it be wiser to leave the thing alone ?" Evidently," he said laughing. " But the good old creature refuses to show how a thing which has never been discovered has brought ruin to anybody. I have invited her to make out her case very often, but the evidence is not forthcoming. Did she lay it before you ?" '' 1 must confess that I took her asser tions for granted. She knows so much, that I did not think of doubting." "Persuade her to tell the facts that bear upon this matter. 1 assure you, Miss Asking, that I have no wish to be ruined. On the production of any reason able case, showing that to look for my own property, left by my forefathers to a descendant who mast hand it down to future generations of his name-if it can be proved that this object, which seem3 to me laudable, and indeed a duty, is mis taktn, I will give it up. Bat not till then ; emphatically, not till then !" "You have a strong sense of your rights, Mr, Thorburn, and a keen resent ment for wrongs." He knit his brows again, seeking; if there might be a purpose in this remark. B er ej ea met his tills time, not faltering, but replying. He answered gravely " I suppose that men who have led my life come to regard their rights as doubly sacred, and their wrongs as doubly grave. In a poor country, Miss Esking, where many foes surround one, these things are not mere questions of law and property, as in England. Life depends on them sometimes, and always the means of existence, so perhaps we come to take what happier folks would call an exag gerated view of things." ° "1 understand that," said Hilda, in a tone of relief unmistakable. After all, perhaps, this grievance against her father, which George in his excitement suggested as so grave, -was a matter which English people would think trifling. Eldred recognised this change, and pride, loyalty, resentment, all took alarm " Don't make too much of what I have said with regard to any special instance. Perhaps I might be too exacting in certain circumstances, but there is no such case here." Hilda caught him up. "Where V' she asked eagerly. Eldred paused discon certed. "I believe, Mr. Thorburn-I have been told that you charge my father with taking advantage of vou' ' "I am grieved and surprised that you should have heard any such thing. M ?.y I ask who was so indiscreet and so heart less as to tell V " My father had the right to do so, and since you associate Mr. Genest in the accusations, 1 am grateful to him for con firming my suspicions. Now, I come to you.:! "But if you know, what occasion is there to ask further " I do not know ! They gave me hints, but nothing more. Tell me all the truth." " But think. Would it be becoming in me to make a confidence your father refuses? I cannot say a word, Miss Esking. Don't press me, I beg. It is impossible." "Now tell me this. You make an accusation-you assert that my father has^ wronged you seriously, and yet you go to his house, you entertain him, you talk and latigh together. Explain that." "It will suffice perhaps to point out that Mr. Esking knows the charge, yet he comes to my house, he entertains me, and we chat together. Ask the explana tion of him." " So ! He may have motives ; you can have none. He may wish to keep on terms ; but you are the accused. Or, as I believe, he may think your idea too absurd for serious attention. '' That is not the case. It was I who proposed that we should be friendly. I felt the motive." " What was that. "I let you see it once, Miss Eakuig, and it vanished. But the compact re mains until I am in position to prove my words. The end may come shortly now. To- morrow, perhaps, I shall be able to do so." "Tomorrow? To-morrow, are you hoping to find which is the oldest part of your house where the Treasure lies ? Is there any connection between that fact and the charge you make against my father He was silent, bitterly regretting his careless speech. '' If you do not answer I shall know tll6r6 is " " What is the use of this, Miss Esking ? Within a few hours probably all will be cleared up. I will say this-if the trial I expect to-morrow fails I will not pursue the matter further. I stake all 011 that, for I have suffered, and I suffer keenly now." "You accuse my father of stealing the Treasure-that is it? Deny, sir, if you can! You cannot. And with this suspicion you dared to say you loved me, the daughter of a thief ?" ".I would love you," he said, with a gust of passion, "if you were the daughter of a murderer." "IhenI understand it all now, for I understand you, Mr. Thorburn, and 1 despise you. You charge my father with theft! You, whose sense of honor is so dull that, suspecting him as you do, you are willing to ally yourself with him, to condone his infamy and treat him with respect for' the sake of a girl! It is enough ! If I could suppose' for a moment that he was guilty this would show the truth." " It is but a little time to wait," Eldred answered, pale and fierce. " But I must correct you in one point. It was never suggested that 1 gave up my rights, or abated one tittle of them, if I wou you. '' What ? You would still have pifOSe cuted my father T | 6" Prosecuted, no ! But I did not put you in one scale and justice in the other. Call it what you please ! If the proof you expect is forthcoming, though at that moment I had promised to be your wife, you would have gone on ?" " How could I do otherwise " And what part was I to play under these circumstances ?" _ n " I know not-but my duty was plain. They had reached the first door of Little Thorburns, and parted without a word. Hilda learned that Mr. Esking had ordered the carriage at once, and started for the Warrenage. (To be continued.) 