Investiture of Archbishop Reynolds, "When it became known that the Plenary Council of Australasia had requested the Pope to confer upon Dr. Reynolds the high position of archbishop, every colonist of South Australia, whether belonging to the Roman Catholic Church or not, felt ex ceedingly, gratified, because the worthy prelate enjoys the esteem and respect of all classes of the community. That sense of pleasure was further increased by the fact that Cardinal Moran intimated that he would visit Adelaide for the pur pose of investing Archbishop Rey nolds with the pallium which had been sent from the Vatican, and by the knowledge that many of the chief digni taries of the Catholic hierarchy in Aus tralasia would be present to take part in the ceremony. The investiture took place at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Sunday morning, and no more im posing religious service has been held in this city for many years. His Excellency the Governor with his suite, the Chief Justice (Hon. S, J. Way), the President of the Legislative Council (Sir Hy. Ayera), the Attorney-General (Hon. C. C. King ston, the Commissioner of Crown Lan<i3 (Hon. J. Coles), the Mayor of Adelaide, members of both Houses of Parliament, and many other of the colony's prominent citizens, were present. Every available seat was occupied, whilst in the aisles and passages many had to find standing room as beBt they could. As the notes of the organ sounded through the cathedral at 11 o'clock the Cardinal, attended by his private sec-re iaiy (Dr. O'Hara) entered by the main entrance, being accompanied by the Arch" bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr), the Bishops of Hobart (Dr. Murphy), Dunedin (Dr. Moran), Ballarat (Dr. Moore), Perth (Dr. Gibney), Wilcannia (Dr. Dunn), and Sale (Dr. Corbett). The glimpses of sun light through the stained" windows made the scene a very striking one, and might as it were be taken as a happy omen. The Cardinal took his place on the archie piecopal throne just erected in the Cathedral, whilst the other prelates were seated on either side of the sanctuary.' Solemn Pontifical Mass was at once begun by Archbishop Reynolds, who was already seated at the faulstool, where he pontifi cated. After the communion the faulstool was placed on the predella in the centre of the altar. Dr. O'Hara read two briefs, one erecting the archiepiscopal diocese of Adelaide and the other appointing Dr. Reynolds as the first archbishop, both docu ments being in Latin. The Cardinal took his place on the faulstool, and the other prelates advanced forming a semicircle; Archbishop Reynolds kneeling in front of the Cardinal read the juramantum, after which his Eminence placed the pallium around his neck, at the same time reciting the appointed prayers. The pallium is a kind of round collar, worn over the shoulders. One end hangs down in front, and the other end down the back ; the ends are tipped with black. The pallium is made of white cloth, woven from pure lamb's wool. Worked upon It there are six black crosses in each of the ends, and oiie on the right and one on the left shoulder. It is about two inches wide. All the pallinmB used in the Church are made in Rome, and are blessed upon the fea3b of St. Peter and St. Paul. Hi3 Eminence blessed the archbishop's pastoral staff, and the kiBS of peace waB given to the arch bishop by the Cardinal, Archbishop Carr, and the other bishops, the priest3 follow ing with the kiss of obedience. All the prelates engaged in the proceedings having resumed their places on either side of the sanctuary. The Bishop of DUNEDIN ascended the pulpit. He took for his text the 10 tlx chapter of St. Matthew, 13th to 19oh verses-" When Jesus came to the coasts of Cfesarea Phillipi he asked his disciples, saying, ' Whom do men sey that I, the Eon of man, am V And they said, ' Some say that thou art John the Baptist, some Elias, and others Jeremias or one of the prophets.' He salth, * But whom say ye that I am ?' And Simon Peter answered and said, ' Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God.' And Jesus answered and said unto him, 1 Blessed art thou, Simon Bar jona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which Is in heaven; and I say also unto you that thou art Peter, and upon this reek I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose .n earth shall be loosed in heaven.' Having explained why Christ had journeyed to Csejarea Phillipi, Dr. Moran went on to show how because St. Peter had pleased Christ with the faith manifested In his reply, He declared that Peter was the rock on which He would build his church, and that He gave to Peter the keys of heaven and temporal power as well. Peter received three promises or commissions from Christ-first, he was to be entrusted with the keys of heaven ; secondly, he was to be the rock upon which the church should be buiH; and thirdly, he was to ad minister theholy sacrifice". to legislate, and to be a judge. Thus was Peter consti tuted the centre and the emblem of unity in the church. Therefore, any part of a building which waa rot united with the foundation could not stand. It was bound to fall away and become aa a ruin. As with a building so with the structure of the church; it was only by perfect union and connection with the rock of foundation, Peter, that stability and purity could be maintained. Christ further said to his apostles shortly before he ascended into heaven-" Go ye forth and teach all nations everything I have taught you, and behold I am with you always even to the end of the world." Therefore the church to be founded by Peter was also a teaching institution, and it was not to be for one century, or a series of centuries, but for ever and ever, until Christ should come a second time to judge the world. Christ as well as giving him heavenly authority made Peter the supreme teacher and the infallible head of His church on earth, Whatever he did or directed according to holy reve lation would be ratified by heaven. Having placed before them the meaning of the Redeemer's word, he would ask them to consider what was the principle of vitality of the ohurch which he had referred to. Shortly before his ascension the Redeemer promised to send the Paraclete to teach His disciples all things, and to abide with them for ever. The three personalities were equal in all divine attributes, and even as Gcd by the sacrifice of Himself sought the salvation of men, so the work of sanctification and the life of the church bad been confided to the third person of the Trinity. The coming of Christ was not a passing but a permanent act, and when He had settled the constitution of the church, and initiated its sacraments, the work of continuing and main taining it in grace waa that of the third person of the Trinity. We were created in the image of God, and our soul waB the representa tion of the great doctrine of the unity and trinity of God. Juat as a member of the human body might be cuo off without interfering with the uaefalness of the whole, so the church might lose some of its members without interfering with the influence of the Holy Ghost. 1c was because the Holy Ghost is the soul of the church that the latter is invariable, everlasting, and that " the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Thus the church, being informed by the spirit of truth, cannot possibly err, and therefore It remains for ever the one Catholic and Apostolic Church. Even in his lifetime the Apostle Paul could say that the sound of the Gospel had gone forth to the ends of the earth, and even in the days of the apostles heresies were advanced, and great governments rose up against the Church of God, against Christ, and His disciple3. They persecuted the early Christians, confiscated their property, and heaped upon them contumely of every sorb, bub it was all in vain againsb the Holy Spirit and against the church which Christ had built upon the rock. The history of the church was such that to-day it stands like the pinnacle upon a mountain, the observed of all observers, strong In the faith, strong in the piety of its children, and strong in its charity and disinterested ness ; as strong as in any of the centuries that have gone before. Ever since the days of the Apostles themselves it was found standing erect, pursuing its onward course, and carrying the Gospel to .the be nighted of the earth. Europe Is mainly Catholic ; so is America ; and here in these favored lands the church is a mighty organisation, spreading the blessings of civilsation far and wide throughout the land. As in the past it Is united to the see of St. Peter, and rests its glory on that foundation. They had joined that day in a ceremony which illustrated what he had been saying. Their estimable and great archbishop, by the action of the Holy See, had 'been raised to a very- high position in the hierarchy of the church, and it wa3 the spirit of unity and catholicity which had brought so many prelates to assist at this solemn function. He congratulated the Archbishop of Adelaide upon his well merited promotion, and he prayed that he might have long life and happiness, and be able for many years to come to lead his flock on the road that conducts to the kingdom of heaven. He heartily congratulated those present on the honor done to their see and city, and rejoiced with them sincerely on this auspicions occasion. The Mass was then completed, the whole time occupied being about three hours. The deacon was Father Norton ; the sub-deacon, Father McEvoy; while Fathers Williams and Kealey occupied places on either side of the cardinal's throne, and Father E. O'Brien acted as master of ceremonies. There were also present a large number of priests, and the usual train-bearers and acolyte3. The musical part of the service was under the direction of Mr. \V. Gordon, choirmaster of the cathedral, and was admirably carried out by the large number of vocalists and instrumentalists under his control. The ordinary cathedral choir was supplemented by several singers from St. Lawrence's Church, North Ade laide. The Processional March, with which the service opened, waa by Spindler, and this was followed by the whole of Haydn's 16 th Mass with complete orchestration. Thia splendid master piece was worthily rendered. The solos of the "Ivyrie" opening number were well rendered by the Misses Carr, MacDermott, Bermingham, and Walter. The beautiful quartette "Gratias" in the "Gloria" was excellently sung by tho Misses Briggs and Messrs. James and Walters, while the full choral fugue move ment, in which the " Credo" opens-a very difficult piece of music-was interpreted with precision and fine effect by the choir. The " Et Incarnatus"-a highly devotional number- waa well rendered, and led up to the "Et Resurrexib" in G minor, concluding with a six-eighth vivace movement from " Vibam venturi" on to the end. The " Sanctus" calls for no special mention, but the "Bene dictus" openB with a long symphony fol lowed by a soprano solo, which was well sung by MisB Carr, leading thence Into duo, trio, quartette, and chorus, all of which were given with magnificent effict. The ".Agnus Dei" was probably the most impressive vocal number of the whole. It is in G minor with full chorus, and culminates in the " Dona nobis," a somewhat lengthy movement, which brings the Mass to a close. Mis3 O'Sullivan Bang the offertorium, which waa an adaptation of Millard's ''Ave verum" to the words "Sab praesidium tuum," which are those proper to tlia festival of the day. Other soloists who assisted In the interpretation of the Mass were Mrs. Proctor, Mrs. Forrester, Miss Hill, and Messrs. O'Brien and Hack. The full Gregorian responses necessary for an occasion like thia were chanted. The orchestra, which was under the leadership of Mr. Qainn, consisted of three first violins, two seconds, viola, double bass, two clarionets, two cornets, two trombones, two horns, and tympani. Mr. C. W. Summerhayes, the cathedral organist, presided at his instrument. Altogether the musical service was well worthy of the imposing ceremony of which it formed a part, and it will be a matter for congratulation if, as we understand is contemplated, a similar service should become a permanent feature of worship in the cathedral on the first Sunday of each month, as is the custom in most other countries and in the adjoining colonial] 