Religious Presbyterian General Assemably. The Annual General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland was held in the Park Church, South Brisbane, last Tuesday evening. The attendance was a large one. The opening religious service was oonduoted by the Moderator, Rev. Peter Robertson (Ipswioh), the text of the sermon being St. John iii.,.30. After the sermon the assembly was constituted in the usual way, and the elders and clergy took their seats within the court. The report of the committee appointed to examine the minutes of the last assembly and compile the permanent record was read by the olerk (Rev. Dr. A. Hay), and being agreed to, the record was aigned by the moderator. The roll of the assembly was then called over, most of those on it answering to their names. The Modbr-tob thanked the assembly for the position it had plaoed him in at its last meeting, and for the kindness and considera tion whioh they had shown towards his inexperience in office. He regretted ex ceedingly that ill-health had prevented his carrying out the purposes he had formed for his year of moderatorship. He had meant to carry out what he believed to be the duty of all moderators and to visit the churohes, for now their Churoh had fallen too muoh into the routine of Congregationalism —(applause)—as if they had no living head amongßt them. He now returned the offioe into their hands, craving their forgiveness for all his shortcomings, 'and expressing the desire that in the future greater things might be done by their Church than she had ever been seen to do in the past. He had now to announoe, as convener of the oommittee appointed to select and nominate a moderator for the current rear, that in the beginning of January he issued invitations to all the mem bers entitled to vote, and as the result of their meeting he had now to intimate to the assembly that their ohoioe had fallen upon the Bey. Charles Ogg. He, therefore, now had to propose that Mr. Ogg be elected by the as sembly to this honourable position. Rev. A. Hat seconded the nomination. The motion was oarried unanimously, and Mr. Ogg having been robed took the chair, and was cordially greeted by tho members present. He then delivered the followiug inaugural address: — Fathers and Brethren,, —Aooept of my thanks for the honour you have conferred upon me in so cordially electing me to preside over your deliberations in this assembly. This is now ths third time, during my thirty-two years of ministerial labour in Australia, that I have been placed by my brethren in the moderator's chair—once, when our people were oonnected with the Synods in the parent colony of New South Wales, aud now, twice since the forma tion of our Presbyterian Church of Queensland. In addressing you at the commencement of the proceedings of this session, allow me, fora little, to glance at the past history of Presby terianism in this part of Australia. Iv doing so, my end will be attained if in any way I can strengthen your hands in carrying on the blessed work of extending the Redeemer's -Kingdom amongst us. Perhaps the most ooncise way of setting our early state before you will be by referring to the printed "Summary of Proceedings " in my possession. There, it v stated, that," Long previous to, and evensinoetheseparationof Moreton Bay into the oolony of Queensland, the number of Presby terian ministers engaged in active duty was small. At the beginning of 1862 there were only three ministers regularly and statedly tainistering to congregations. Sinoe then several additional ministers have arrived in the oolony. Their preaeaoe cheered the hearts, and revived the hopes of those who had long and earnestly desired an organised churoh in Queensland." Now what made us long so earnestly for this was the fact that our eccle siastical connections with the Synods in the parent colony proved injurious to us by uphold ing divisions, which, in our oase, haa no bases to rest upon. After years of depressing work, however, we at last obtained the object of our desires. In the beginning of November, 1863, the Synods with whioh we were connected met in Sydnoy, and to these I repaired with the view of obtaining an orderly separation from them, and authority to conned ourselvos with oth-nrs who had recently arrived in foi -ning a Church in this colony md itendent of all out ide eoolesiastioal control. These Jhuroh Courts at length saw our position aitf diffiulties, sympathised! with us, and passed resolutions authorising us to proceed in accordance with our desire, and on my return with the necessary documents the recently" arrived ministers and the elders win bad taken part iv forwarding the work met with us in my church on the 25th November, 1863, and formed the Presbyterian Church ot Queens land, as recorded in our minutes. Of those who took part in our proceedings on that occa sion, only the Rev. A. C. South besides myself is now present with us. Two of the ministers not then present joined tis afterwards, and thus all the ministers and congregations of our denomination in the oolony were united into one Church, and, let us trust, by the good hand of our God upon us shall ever so remain. Our aotion was approved by sll the home* Churohes from wmch we oame, as they saw that the causes of separation amongst them there did not exist amongst us here in this new oountry at the antipodes; and so each and all of them have united in helping us, both by men and means, to build up our Ohurcb on the* basis of the standards oommon to all the Presby terian Churches throughout the world. And now that we are here met in the twenty-fourth year of our existence as a Churoh, I oannot but be glad as I contrast the appearanoe of this assembly with tbe small first meeting of our Supreme Court, oombined with thefaot that five presbyteries are represented in it in plaoe of, only one as at first. And may I not take this as of itself the exponent of a progress that ought to encourage us all in carrying on with renewed ardour the work of the Lord in this important oolony. But there are other things beside this which ought to cheer us in the midst of the difficulties, both within and without, which are almost incessantly arising to test our faith and patienoe. I shall first advert to the success that has attended our efforts to train a ministry in the colony. Soon after onr union it became apparent that we could not obtain a supply of suitable ministers from home, and the pressure of our people for ministrations compelled us to take some steps to supply these. Henoe, ultimately, by the help of some of oar office-bearers and members, arose our Divinity Hall, with its classrooms and excellent library. Students desirous of preparing -for the ministry came, and both they and those of us who taught wrought hard to accomplish onr object. Tears' were required before results oould be known, and now, sinoe these years have passed, what are the result* ? Have we been able to educate those who have finished their studies up to the standard required by the home Churohes, and are there any of our own students now ministers of oharges P Beginning with the last of these queries, we are able to point to the fact that one-third of our charges are now ministered to by them, both in towns and country, in a way and with a snooess that none from home have been able to excel. And as to our training as compared with that of the home Churohes, we have only had one of our students, out of others equal to him, who has gone home and tested the matter, and the question hss been solved by bis taking a front place amongst the students in the University of Edinburgh, and carrying off first and seoond prizes during both of the two years he spent there, besides other certificates of merit where only these were awarded; and by his servioes in the home pulpits being so appreciated that he was invited to aooept a charge there; and, I may add that, on his arrival again amongst us and obtaining license, two simultaneous calls were given him from two of onr impor tant oity oharges. And what makes this sno oess the more enoonraging is the fact that it has been achieved whilst our arrangements for educating' our ministers in the oolony are, aa yet, in an imperfect state and our *—«hing staff small, and its hands full of pastoral and other ecclesiastical work. Now, however, when we have assisting us the most painstaking tutor we have yet had—an elder of our own Churoh—whose sympathy with our students in their studies has gained their esteemfor himself and a love for their work; and when our own students, now in our ministry, are capable of aiding in the work of the hail, if called on to do so, and others are arriving from the home Churohes capable of sharing in it, the prospect is opening up before us of a success that we little thought would attend our efforts to help ourselves in this matter when no others oould. .But this rapid glance at one of the most vital matters affecting the interests of onr Church would not be complete were I not to mention the fact that our people are appreciating the value of our Divinity Hall, and our manner of training ministers, by at onoe accepting them as their pastors when they have oompleted the curriculum of their studies; snd by the grow ing disposition to make better provision for the support of those who so long and so laboriously seek to qualify themselves for the high w-lli-g of being fellow workers together with Ood in the salvation of men. And, now, let me give a word of encouragement to my brethren labour ing in plaoes remote f-om us here in Brisbane. I know from personal experience the perplexing and various difficulties which they have to con tend with, but I trust they, all know whence to obtain strength to endure them all aa good soldiers of Jesus Christ. None of them have the want of the benefits of our system of Churoh government whioh our early ministers had to endure, by being 500. or 600 miles away from the seat of presbytery, with none to counsel or sympathise witn them in their trials. But yet we have lived to see afiother and happier state of things, and so will these brethren, I am fully persuaded, do if spared to us in the good providenoe of Ood. And having adverted to our system of Church government, I have frequently noticed how little knowledge exists of the scriptural founda tion upon which 4t rests, and the need of availing ourselves of favourable opportunities to bring this before our people. The Sabbath Sohool Committee endeavoured to take aotion in this direction during the past year by pre scribing a text-book on ths subject to our senior scholars for examination, but sufßoient numbers of the one fixnd npon could not be hud in time for this year's examination. Thut these will be got and used in the. way indicated will, I have no doubt, be the best way of enlightening ouryoung people onthisuaportai subject. I_att_isnM^_TH|*_ytrsftedbj- some only shows their ignoranoe of the value attached to it in the word of God, and its hearing upon vital Christianity. How careful was the apostle Paul to see that his converts should be gathered together into churches under the government of Presbyters. "For this cause," writes he to Titus, " left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that were wanting and appoint presby ters in every city, aa I gave thee oharge." And Jerome, " the most learned of the Roman fathers," commenting on this, says, "the Churohes were governed by a common counoil of presbyters,"— eotnmuni presbyterorum coneilio eeelesia gubernabuntur —in abort, were presby terian Churohes. And this order of Church government, the apostle distinctly assserte in his address to the presbyters of Ephesus, was of God's appointment: "Take heed unto your selves and to all the flock in the whioh the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers or Bishops. And so, the Apostle Peter follows his "beloved brother Paijl" thus:—"Tbe presbyters among you I exhort, who am a fellow presbyter, tend the flock of God whioh is among you, exer t oising the oversight (bishoping) not of con straint, but willingly, according unto God. Neither as lording it over the oharge allotted to you. but making yourselves ensamples to the flock." And, when the beloved disciple John refers to himself in his last two epißtles he joins Peter in styling himself, ' - the presbyter.'' Doubtless, these two apostles remembered the rebuke their Master gave his disciples when he checked the first rising amongst them of, preferment-seeking in his kingdom —"It Bhall not be so among you." And henoe it is that the majority of those who take the word of God alone as their authority, adopt this God given form of Church govern ment. Let but a revival of true Christianity take place and Presbyterian Churoh govern ment comes naturally as if part of it. Let us hear what John Wesley, the great leader of the revivalofreligionin-kiglandduringlastoentttry, has to say.* It comes from him in a remark to his intimate friend, John Bradburn: "As soon as I am dead the Methodists will be a regular Presbyterian Church; " and, adds Mr. Black burn, "We oould not be Episcopalians, we will not, oannot be, Independents, and, therefore, we must, whatever we choose to call ourselves, be Presbjrterians." And why is all this P. But just because no other system harmonises with and gives full scope to the religious life im planted in the soul by the spirit of God. If on the one hand we have a system of Church government whioh sacrifices the liberty where with Christ makes his people free to "order," and if on the other hand, another system whioh saorifioesordertoliberty, neitheroanbe from God. I shall draw my references to this subject to a close by quoting from the late Professor Charles Hodge's work, "The Church and its Polity," the following passage:—" It is no part of our Presbyterianism that God's people govern themselves, any more than a family governs itself. In other words, in the Christian Church, as in a Christian family, the power and authority of the rulers do not oome from the people, but from Christ. He committed the power to teach and rule to oertain officers, and directed them to communicate the same authority to others. All the power they have oomea from Him; the power goes with the commission, whioh is received in eaoh oaSe from the offioers, and not from the members of the Church. . . . The authority to exercise the power inherent in their respective offices over any congregation depends on the will of that congregation, but not the power itself. ... If I am ordained a minister of the gospel I have all the rights and privileges attached by Christ to that office; but I have no authority over any congregation that does not choose me as their pastor, or does not volun tarily subject itself to the presbytery of whioh lam a member. We are persuaded that this is the order whioh Christ has established in His own house for edification, and not for destruction." One important subject I have now only a few moments to speak of, and that is the training of the young of our flooks in Bible knowledge in' the Sabbath sohool; but as one whole ovening is to be devoted to this work in oonnection with your committee's operations during the past year, and as you will then be addressed at length by those who take a prominent part in this work, it is the less needful for me to now occupy your time in oonnection with it. The annual gathering of the scholars of our various schools In the city is growing in interest, and that of last Sabbath was a sight tMat gladdened all our hearts. Ministers and friends who have oome to visit us from the neighbouring colonies, and have been present at and addressed these meetings on former occasions, have expressed their surprise at the numbers attending our Sabbath schools, and of the proofs of the excel lence of the training they are under there. Fathers and brethren, —The year on .which we are now met forms an epoch in the history of onr empire. Half a century will in a few weeks have rolled past sinoe our gracious Queen Victoria ascended the throne. During that long period she has exercised an influenoe for good, not only over the vast realms that own the sway of her sceptre, but over the world at large. Her sympathy with her people in all ranks of life in times of affliction has been given so frequently and promptly aa to draw forth ths admiration of her subjects and wherever her name is known, andher patronage of all thatis good and elevating has given en couragement to innumerable workers in the benevolent enterprises that have adorned her lonp reign. During that time the colony in whioh we dwell, and upon which she bestowed her titular na_ie, has sprung into existence, and her possessions in Australia are giving proof to-day that the foundations of a great empire are being strongly laid by its peoples. It is our duty to labour that H mar be founded on that righteousness that alone will give it strength and prosperity. You will, no doubt, take an opportunity of giving expression to our well-known regard for her Majesty'? person and loyalty to the throne. It will, I know, be hearty; for do monarch has ever taken such an interest in the « land and its people from which so maty of ns oorae, and so vaiued the services of our Church and its ministers. And now Ipray that the Bpydt which, onr only Hhfg and Sena promised as a perpetual gift to His people, may so guide us in all our deliberations that all shall issue in promoting the glory of God, and the welfare of the flocks over the whioh the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers. Amen. BUSINESS OV SESSION. Bey. J. I. Knipe moved a vote of thanks to the retiring moderator fear his able and earnest sermon delivered to them that evening. Bey. A. 0. Smith seconded the motion. The Mo-eb-tob then conveyed to the ex moderator a cordial vote of thanks for the excellent way in whioh he had discharged the duties of his office. Bey. A. Hat said their ranks pf leadership had been thinned during the year in a way whioh was peculiar. One had been taken away by the hand of God in an instant, who had been one of the most regular attendants at the meetings of the General Assembly. The Assembly, therefore, would be wanting if they did not show the respect in whioh they held the memory of Mr. John Mac Diarmid, of Sherwood, and he moved, —"That a committee be appointed to draw up a minute to be plaoed on the records and to be transmitted to his widow and family." Mr. William Jonbs seconded the motion and it was agreed to. Bey. A. Hat said the Assembly should take notioe of the fact that affected them as subjects of the British throne: Their Queen had nearly oompleted the 50th year of her reign, and he would move, —" That a oommittee be appointed to draw up an address to be signed in the <usual way and transmitted to her Majesty." The motion was agreed to, and the mode ratorj ex-moderator, olerk, and Mr. W. M'Callum Park were appointed to aot upon the oommiteeei Bey! B. Kerr (Allora) was appointed to aot as assistant olerk to the session. The Beys. Laird, Grimson, and Ewer were appointed to conduct the devotional exercises, and the moderator and ex-moderator to cele brate the Lord's Supper. This sederunt was olosed with the benediction, prouounoed by the moderator! 