CYCLING KOTES. BY Hen-LAMP. Thfi S AC.U have finally dccided to hold a 3porfcs' meeting on the Adelaide Oval on New Year's Day, and a meeting will he held in the early part of the week to settle preliminaries. New events will pro bably be included, and it is anticipated tint several intercolonial wheelmen will compete, so that alto gether a success may he anticipated. The restriction placed on those wishing to train on the oval after 5 o'clock by the closing of the dressing rooms has been removed, for which cyclists will be thankful. Though the past week has not been all that could bs desired for training purposes good work has been dons on the oval track by nust of those who intend com peting on November 9. Kuhnel, who commenced training a week or so back, has done nothing worthy of mention, having confined most of his attention to rowing. It is possible, however, that he may make a fresh start this week. Davis, who does a deal of hard work each day, put in some very fine laps on Friday evening, when the weather being fine with only a light breeze from the south, gave those out an opportunity of testing their powers. Black is yery chary of allowing one to have even " the ghost of a show'' of seeing how he shapes, but from all ac counts is improving his form, and will be a hot mem ber in any event he contests. Ownsworth also is showing improved form, and should have a little say in matters in general. Cox only made a start this week, and though he looks like speedily getting into good form will have to look sharp about it as time draws 011 apace. Brandenberg is going well on his roadster, and should nuke some of the senior riders look to their laurels before many months are over at his present rate of progression. Thurston would find it an improvement If he went in for a little hard work instead of the "soft pace" in which he usually indulges. Green is showing better than he did laBt vesk, but will have to pick up a great deal to be dangerous. It sec-ms as if the Maiden Race, although it is a twomiler, which is rather long for beginners, will bring out a good field. Kneese seems deter mined to have a say in it, but it is pro bable that' Sullivan, l'errett, and others, who were unsuccessful in the last Maiden, will dispute the trophy, while several entirely new riders intend trying their luck. In last week's notes it was men tioned that all negotiations between the V.C.U. and V.W.A. had fallen through, the cause being the obstinacy of the latter body. Ffndine all their endeavors to secure union futile the Victorian Cyclists Union at a meeting held a few evenings back passed the following rule:-"That all cycle races must be stated on all programmes, adver tisement?, entry forms and official notices, to be held, and must actually be held under the rules of the Vic torian Cjcliats* Union alone; and furthermore, no rider belonging to a club not affiliated with the V.C. U. will be allowed to compete in any race held under the above mentioned rules, and no person who is a mem ber of a club which does not recognise the V.C.U. be permitted to join a club which" is afliliated to that body.'' By this action the V.C U. pra.tically shut out members of the rival association from com. petlng- at any race meeting except their own proposf d one in December, and it is generally thought that the measure though a drastic one will have the much wished-for effect of speedily crushing the V.W.A - aB the membcis of that body will hardly stand bein" debarred from participation in any of the liumerou race meetings to be held within the next few months. The V.C.U. have fixed the time standard for the mile championship of Victoria at 2 mio. 55 sec,, for the purpose of putting a s'op to the objectionable practice of " loafing" adopted by some riders. Tiie action is a well timed one. It may be well to call attention to the high en trance and acceptance fees charged by the friendly societies' committee for their sports. Five shillings is rather too much to pay to entsr a bicycle race in which the first prize is 5s. Great activity is observable on all the Victorian tracks on account of the approach of the great Austral Wheel Uaee and the other big events to be run off at the same time at the A1.13 C. races on November 19, the entries for which close on Friday evening. I have before mentioned the likelihood of our being repre sented, and if so our men will have to "go" every inch of the way. as Patterson and Pattinson, of the Fernsides, are doing strong work, the Utter being in especially fine form. T Busst is full of strength, and puts on the pace in fine st^le, improving almost day by day. Leunie, of Saudhurst, is also putting on line pace, and, with Newport, is a comir g man. Tilley and Rupsell, on safeties, have been doing well, and so are Holliek, Miller, and Gcddca. A rather unpleasant surprise was given the riders on one of the tracks the other evening. Just as a batch, who had b3en doing their level best, had finished and were coining off, the bandicipper calmly strolled into tte pavilion, and reninked much to their disgust that he had been watching them for about half an hour from outside the fence, and wa3 much obliged for their kindness in giving him such a good opportunity of observing their running powers. The Sidney B C.'s annual report shows "that thev have passed through a successful year, the roll call being answered by some SO members, and after giving £5 5s. to the Bulli relief fund, and making a profi1; of £;.0 on the August race meeting, the club his £300 ia hard cash. A new bicycle to be used for scouting purposes in time of war has just been invented, and the trial, an account of which from a contemporarv is sub joined, was so successful that the War Office have taken into consideration the question of utilising it as a mount for the cyclists' corps. '-The Scout," as this maetine lias been aptly called, has a large driving wheel 32 inches high, and a front steerer wheel 21 inches. The rider sits directly over the centre of tlie front wheel, and is so well balanced that he can wise the front wheel over obstacles somewhat a'ter the fashion of the American star bicycle. A start was made from the Grand Junction Canal, on the banks of which the rider of the Safety bicycle, Heaseman, iufiated'two air-bags which were attached to the handle bar, droppid the machine in the canal, when it floated, and he having fastened a piece of cord to his wrist, dived in and towed the bicycle across in considerably under 10 minutes. The water was 20 feet deep, and the place he crossed over 5U feet wide. Letting the air out of the bags he mounted the machine, ar.d rode over meadows, railway lines, newly plouehed fields, through woods, lifted it over gates, waded throush a backwater two feet deep, and returned to the starticg-point, having done over four miles in 35 minutes, including stoppages. After this the rider gave an exhibition of what could be done in the way of rough lidine: at the bottom of a gravel pit, mounting and descending a sharp short incline of 1 in 1J with compaiative ease. A ladder placed 011 the top of some bricks proved 110 obstacle to the machine, which was driven up and down easily. The Fifty-miles Head Championship of Ireland was recently run off at the Phwnix Park. Dublin. The weather was unpropitious, and the road rather sticky, so that good time was out of the question. Nine started, the winner being J. McCjrrnack, 01 Belfast; Berry, of Dublin, finishing second, five miUs behind; and then A. McCormack, of Portarlington, the previous holder. Time, 4 hr. 23 mio.- 63 see. The second 24 - hour competition of the North-ioad Club, London, which lately came off, turned out a great success, despite the wet and boisterous w eather in the early part of the week. For a long time before sreat excitement had prevailed among the road-riding champions of the various clubs, with the result that over 40 entries were received, includ ing those of such men as Waterhouse, Wilson, Nix, and Mills. The club offered the undermentioned medalFTo the bicycli-t and trie}clist lidins the greatest distance in the 21 hours, a gold medal; a special silver medal to the rider of the greatest dis tance cm an ordinary ; a silver rtcdal for bicyclist3 riding 260 miles ; a bronze medal for bicyclists riding 210 miles; a silver medal for tricvclists riding -230 mile3 ; a bronze medal for tiicyclists riding 180 miles; a silver medal for tandemists riding 250 miles; and a bronze medal to tandemisti riding 200 miles. Fortu nately, considering the number of starters, there were a comparatively few mishaps. The total distance to t'averse was 297 miles. Mills (a tricjcli»t) travelled i 2C0 miles in the 24 hours, thus beating the record of A. II. Fletcher by 15.1 milts. The following are the distances ridden by the various men in the 24 hours : T. Waterhouse (safetv), 270.'.- miles; G. P. Mills (trujele), 2G6 miles; P. A. Nix (safety). 24G? miles; D. Belding (bicycle), 2372 miles; A. J McDonald (safety), i31A miles; A. R. Salisbury (bicycle), 231 miles. 