WHAT THE PLOWERS DID FOR NELLY. AN . AUSTRALIAN STOBT. (Bï " BÚTTEBOUP.") CHAPTER III. How the sfcrangé thing which happened to Nelly among the flowers first began she never afterward conld tell. It seemed at first, as she looked once more at the small bunch in her hand, and then from that to the larger one by her side, that they were quite different from what they had been a few minutes before. And the more she looked the greater did tho difference Beem to grow. It was not so much that the colors, or even the shape of the flowers changed. The change was in the bunches j each bunch Reeming to grow larger and larger, and that not because each flower increased in size, but because each separated from its companion, so that at last they were no longer in bunches at all. How those in her hand came to leave it she could not tell. 1 But after watching the flowers in tbe large bunch at her side separate one from the other till s.-arcely two of them were touching she looked bank to her hand, and found it qnite empty. With a startled glance she looked round ; and there were all the flowers of both bunches standingfcanged in a half circle. And ns she looked at them they all bowed their heads toward her, and smiled-yes, aotually Bmiled 1 ' Though she had never seen a flower smile before she knew- she could not be mistaken about that. In the middle of the row were the waratahs which had formed the centre of the large bunch. There were three of them-a larger one between two smaller ones. Then, on either side of them, the reBt of tho flowers were ranged, beginning with the largest, and ending with the smallest. Though they looked BO strange, standing up and smiling at her, Nelly recognised them, every one, evento the patches, and the small yellow flowers called by her and her brothers " curly wigs," because their petalB curled up. And, as she looked at them, one after another, with the look of recognition in her eyes, each smiled a pleased kind of a smile at her, a3 much as to say " Glad to see you know us again." And one of the patches, which had its one petal rather loose, when its turn came to be not iced twisted it nearly off in smiling its thanks and pleasure. So what could Nelly do but smile back at the flowers ? And she did id too, right heartily, for she did not feel in the least afraid of them. For, as she said afterward in telling her brothers and sisters of thia wonderful thing which had hap pened, " even if they had been ghosts I couldn't have been frightened. Nobody ever beard of ghosts of flowers doing anyone any harm.'' But, as she smiled back at them, a still more wonderful thing happened. It was this. The "waratah in the middle bowed his haad-a little stiffly, as was natural to a flower of so unbending a character, but yet in the most cordial manner possible as, regards expression-and said in a clear, distinct tone- . "That's right, little girl. We are all glad to see you smile." .-,. < \- " ; ,;. Then all the rest of the flowers bowed their heads and repeated " That's right, little girl. We are all glad to see you smile." It seemed to be repeated first by the taller flowers on either side of the waratah, and then to be taken up in turn by the rest on either side of them, down to the smallest in the row, until the air all round her appeared to echo with the words- ' .'. : " " Glad to see you smile \'' When the sound died away, Nelly looked again at the tall waratah; and as soon as she did so he again bowed, and began to speak. At this stage she could no longer think bf the flowers as any thing but persons. He had a good deal to say to her, Nelly soon found out ; and every now and then he emphasised his words by nodding his head. He did this so often that Nelly felt sorry for him ; for, with such a stiff neck and back, she felt sure it must have hurt him very much. She would have liked to tell him she could understand him just as well without. But she was afraid that it might hurt his feelings, and perhaps that would be worse than a pain in the back. Besides, she was BO interested in what ne.eaid that she did not like to interrupt him. And, as nearly as Nelly could remember, this is what the waratah said- - - , "My brothers and Bisters (with a nod first to one side and then to the other) and myself have long wished for an opportunity (' How like the stories Jack reads out of his school books, it sounds,' Nelly thought) of speaking to you. We all love you very much.' Wé are all very sorry for you, sorry that you should have to lie down all day, instead of running about like other children. And we are very sorry for the pain you suffer. We are sorry to think you have never been able to come and see us in our homeB. We knowtyou would gladly come if you could ; for we all know how you love us, and how tenderly you care for ua when we are brought to you, never treating us roughly or pulling our petals out, even after we have begun to fade. And, by keeping us supplied with plenty of fresh water, you have many a time preserved the lives of even the most delicate among >us from premature decay. And in no case has a- flower's death ever been hastened by you. Is it any wonder, then, that we should be sorry for you, and wish, with all our hearts, to help you-for we have hearts, even to the smallest and most insignificant among us ? Human beings may be heartless, but flowers, never. So," nodding his head, first to one aide, and then to the other, "we all love you, and are sorry for you." . The waratah paused to take breath, which, from the trembling of his petals, Nelly cóuld see he was greatly in need of. And a's he did so the rest of the flowers 'bowed their headstand re peated- .i: ' " We all love you very muchj,|,nd arelBorry for yOU."' . ':':'.';'; '. : ; - " Yes," said the waratah, when the others had finished,." we are sorry that you have never been able to come and gather us for yourself; Spring after spring we have looked for you,'and hoped to see yon'; coming with light soft tread and gentle fingers to pluck us and carry us home with you. It may be that there has been a touch of selfishness, in' this wish. But, after hil, it is only natural that flowers -tho mord delicate ones among us especially should shrink from the touch of rough fingers." And as he Bpoke he glanced at a " fringy yam " flower, wliöse soft pe tais showed sadly the effect of rude handling. "Indeed) we none of us like being plucked by people whd do not love us-people who break down our' bf afiches when, like my brothers (nodding tdwards the waratah 'on either side of him) and inyself, we are tall and Btrong, or pulling up by the roots others among us who happen to be delicate.. Boys, as a rule, are the worst," continued the waratah, and then, as an expression of pain came into Nelly's face, he added, "I am not now complaining of Jack and Tom ; as for little Peter, he is considered by the flowers which grow about this hillside as the gentlest of his kind. Indeed, as boys go, your elder brothers are not bad at all. But we all think that we, have to thank you for the care with which they treat us, not only in pulling us, butin carrying us home.'. " Boys, as a rule, think nothing of flinging away a bunch of flowers, after gathering it, merely, to run after a butterfly or» à lizard, or whatever small creature may cross their path. They would think little, too, of hitting the busheB with our headB as they pass, or pulling our petals but to see whether there'is any honey in our cups. . Now, Tom and Jack never do things of that sort; but we think it is because they always gather us for you. We think so because of the things they say while they are plucking us. It is ' Oh,Tom, Nelly likeBthese flowers Bomuoh !' Or, ' I Bay Jaok, be sure you don't let the f ringy yama get broken up, or Nelly'll be so sorry.' But it is not about our own troubles tbat we have come to speak to you," continued the waratah, " It is about yourself. The flowers aU. know how much you suffer from a dreadful pain in the back ; and they know, too, how patient you have been . through it all." "They haven't heard me cry at nights-I suppose they sleep too sound,'' Nelly said softly to herself. " So we have come to see what we can do for you. We know how you have wished to come and see us in our homes ; and we have come to take you there. We must soon Btart, for the way is long and rough, and if we do not perform our task before we begin to fade our strength will not be sufficient for it," the waratah1 said. " But how am I to go with you-you know I cannot walk?" Nelly said. " We'll find the way if you'll just say the word j-just say you'll go with us. We'll take good I care of you, and bring you back safely," the waratah said. And all the rest of the flowers - repeated- . ; " Yes, we'll take caré of you, and bring you safely home." - : " But how nm I to go ?" Nelly was about to reply. But on second thoughts she decided to. trust herself to them. For if they love me so much as to want to take me,_ they're SUTO to find á way to do it, which will not be more wonderful than what has happened -, already," she thought, so she replied-; " ? " . " Yes, I'll go. . I'm quite ready." .' ? , (TO BE CONTINUED). ' ----- . , 