INVESTITURE OF ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. When it became known that the Plenary Council of Australasia had requested the Pope to confer upon Dr. Reynolds the high position of archbishop, every colonial of South Australia, whether belonging to dim Roman Catholic Church or not, fell) ex ceedingly gratified, because the worthy prelate enjoys the esteem and respect of all classes of the community. That sense of pleasure was farther increased by file fact that Cardinal Moran intimated that he would visit Adelaide for the pur pose of investing Archbishop Rey nolds with the pallium which had been Beat from the Vatican, and by the knowledge that many of ttie chief digni taries of the Catholic hierarchy in Aus tralasia would be present to take part ia the ceremony. The investiture took place at St Francis Xavier'a Cathedral on Sunday morning, and no move im posing religious service hss 4>een held in. this city for many years. His Excellency the Governor with his suite, the Chief Jnstice(Hon. S. J. Way), the President of the Legislative Council (Sir Hy. Ayers), the Attorney-General (Hon. C. C King ston, the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles), the Mayor of Adelaide, members of both Houses of Parliament, and many other of the colony's prominent citizens, were present. Every available seat was occupied, whHat in the aisles and passages many had to find standing room as best they could. As the notes of die organ sounded through the cathedral at 11 o'clock the Cardinal, attended by his private secre tary (Dr. O'Hara) entered by the main entrance, being accompanied by the Arch bishop of Melbourne (Dt. Care), the Bishops of Hobart (Dr. Murphy), Dunedin (Dr. Moran), BaUarat (Dt. Moore), Perth (Dr. Glbney), WJQcannia (Dt. Dunn), and Sale (Dr. Corbett). The glimpses of sun light through the stained windows made the scene a very striking one, and might 38 it were be taken as a happy omen. The Cardinal took his place on the archie pisoopal throne just erected in the Cathedral, whilst the other prelates ware seated on either side of the sanctuary. Solemn Pontifical MaaswasatoncelMgun by Archbishop Reynolds, who was already seated at the faulstool, where he pontifi cated. After the communion the faulstool was placed on the predeUain the centre of the altar. Dr. O'Hara xead two briefs, one erecting the archieplscopal diocese of Adelaide and the other appointing Dr. Reynolds as thefintarchbi?hop.bpthdocu menta being in Latin. The Cardinal took his place on the fanlstool, and the other prelates advanced forming a semicircle: Archbishop Reynolds kneeling in front of the Cardinal read the juramantum, after which his Bmlnence placed the ppiHnm around his neck, at the same time reciting the appointed prayers. The pallium is a kind of round collar, worn over the shoulders. One end hangs down in front, and the other end down the back, Che ends are tipped with black. Xhe paUiara is made of white cloth, woven from pure lamb's wool. Worked upon it there are six black crosses in each of the ends, and one on the light m*l one on the left shoulder. It is about two inches wide. All the poiiinmn used in the Church are made in Borne, and are blessed upon the feast of St. Peter and St. Paul. His Bmlnence blessed the archbishop's p??faif?l staff, and the kiss of peace was given to the arch bishop by the Cardinal, Archbishop C*rr, and the other bishops, the priests follow ing with the loss of obedience. AH the prelates engaged in the proceedings having resumed their places on either side of the sanctuary. The Bishop of Duheihh ascended the pulpit. He took for his text the 16th chapter of St. Matthew, 13th to 19* verses—"When Jesus came to the coasts of Caaaarea PhuTipi he asked his dwtriphw, saying,' Whom do men say that I, the son or man, am? And they said, 'Some say that thou art John the Baptist aome Ettas, and others Jeremias or one" of 4he prophets.' He ealth, * Bat whom say ye thatlamf AndSimonPeteransweredand said, 'Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God.' And Jesus answered and said unto him, 'Blessed art thou, Simon Bar jona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it onto thee, but my Fatter which Is in heaven j and I say also onto yon that thou art Peter, and upon tills rock I will buQd my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it And I wQI give onto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou ?frylfc bind on earth ?twJl be bonndin heaven, and whatsoever thon shalt loose on earth shall be loosed In heaven." Having explained why Christ had journeyed to Cajiarea Pit?lipi, Dr. Moran went on to show how because St. Peter bad pleased Christ with the faith manifested in his reply, He declared that Peter was the rock on which He would buOd his church, and that He gave to Peter the keys of Leaven and temporal power as well. Peter received three promises or commissions from Christ—first, he was to be entrusted with the keys of heaven : secondly, he was to be the rock upon which $"* church flfrftnM be buDt; and thirdly, he was to ad minister theholy sacrifices, to legislate, and to be a judge. Thus was Peter consti tuted the centre and the of unity in the church. Therefore, any part of a building which was not united with the foundation could not stand. It was bound to fall away and become as a ruin. As with a building so with the structure of the church; it was only by perfect union and connection with the rock of foundation, Peter, that stability and purity could be maintained. Christ further said to his apostles shortly before he ascended into heaven —" Go ye forth and teach all nations everything I have taught you, and behold I am with yon always even to the end of the world." Therefore the church to be founded by Peter was also a teaching institution, **ni\ it was not to be for one century, or a aeries of centuries, but for ever and ever, until Christ should come a second time to judge the world, Christ as well as giving him heavenly authority made Peter the supreme fa""*"* and the ?nf*HiMfl head of His church on earth. Whatever ha did or directed according to holy reve lation would be ratified by heaven. Having placed before them the meaning of the RedeemerVword,he would ask them to consider what was the principle of vitality of the church which he had referred to. Shortly before his ascension the W.?fl earner promiaed to send tie Paraclete to teach His disciples all things, and to abide with them forever. The three personalities were equal in all divine attributes, and even as God by the sacrifice of Himself sought the salvation of men, so the work of sanctincation and the life of the church had been confided to the third person of the Trinity. The coming of Christ was not a passing bub a permanent acts, and when He had settled the conitatuiaon of the church, and initiated its saenmenta, the work of continuing and main taining it in grace was that of the third person of the Trinity. We were created in the Image of God, and our soul was the representa tion of the great doctrine of the unity and trinity of God. Just as ? member of the human body might be cut off without intarforfng with the usefulness of the whole, so the church might loae some of its members without Interfering with the influence of the Holy Ghost. It was because the Holy Ghost Is the soul of the church that the latter is invariable, everlasting, and that "the gates of hell shall not prevail against ifc.' T Thus the church, being informed by the spirit of troth, cannot possibly err, and therefore It remains forever the oneCatholiaand Apostolic Church. Even in Us lifettsse the AposUe Paul could say that the soind of the Gospel had gone forth to the ends of the earth, and even In the days of the. apostles heresies were advanced, and great governments rose op agatast the Oh??fc of God, against Christ, and fife dUdplet. They penetrated the early Christians, con&Bstod; thair property, and heaped upon them contumely of every sort, but It was all In vain against the Holy Spirit and against the church which Christ had bnUt upon the rack. The history of the dwell vaa anch that to-day Ik stands like the pinnacle upon a mountain, the ohcerred of all observers, strong in the faith, strong in the piety of Its children, sen; as strong as In any of the centuries that have gone before. Srer since the daja of the Apostles themselves it was found standing erect, pursuing Us onward ?oune, and carrying the Gospel to the be nighted of the earth. Europe 1b mainly Catholic ; so Is America; and here In. these favored lands the church is a mighty organisation, spreading Hie blessings of dvOsatdon far and wide throughout the land. As in the past it Is united to the see ?f St. Peter, and rests its glory on that foundation. They had joined that day in a ceremony which illustrated what) he had been saying. Their estimable and great archbishop, by the action of the Holy See, had been raised to a very high position in the hierarchy of the church, and it was the spirit of unity and catholicity which had brought so many prelates to assist at this solemn function. He congratulated the Archbishop of Adelaide upon his well merited promotion, and he prayed that he might have long life and happiness, and be able for many years to come to lead Ms flock on the road that conducts to the kingdom of heaven. He heartily congratulated those present on the honor done to their see and city, and rejoiced with them sincerely on this auspicious occasion. The Mass was then completed, the whole time occupied being about three hours. The deaoon was Father Norton; the sob-deacon, Father McEvoy; while Fathers 'WuHanu and Healey occupied places on either side of the cardinal's throne, and Father B. O'Brien acted as master cf ceremonies. There were also present a huge number of priests, and the usual train-bearers and acolytes. The musical part of the service was under the direction of Mr. W. Gordon, choirmaster of the cathedral, and was admirably carried out by the large number of vocalists pf^ t"^tTT"tn?ntalifftff Tmrior his eontxoL The ordinary cathedral choir was supplemented by several singers from St. Lawrence's Church, North Ade laide. The Processional Much, with which the service opened, was by Spindler, and this was followed by thejwnole of Haydn's 16th Mass with complete erchestrafion. TMn splendid master piece -was worthily rendered. The solos of the "Kyrie" opening number were -well rendered by the Misses Carr, MacDermott, Bennmgham, and Walter. The beautiful quartette "Gzatiaa" In the "Gloria" was excellently sung by the Misses Brijrg? and Messrs. James and Walters, while the full choral fugue move ment, In which the " Credo" opens—a very difficult piece of music—was interpreted wish precision and fine effect by the The MKt Incaroatas" —a highly devotional number—was well rendered, and led np to the "Et Resurrexlt" inU minor, concluding with a six-eighth vivace movement from " Vrtam venturi" on to the end. The MSanctus" calls for no apodal mention, but the "Bene dictns" opens with a long symphony fol lowed by a soprano solo, which was well sung by Miss Carr, leading thence Into duo, trio, quartette, and chorus, all of which were given with magnificent effect The "Agnus Dei" was probably the most impressive vocal number of the whole. Jt is in G minor with full chorus, and ctdminatc? in the " Dona noUa," a somewhat lengthy movement, which brings the Mass to a dose. Miss CSulllvan sang the ofiertorinm, which was an adaptation of Mulard's "Aye Tersm" to the words "Sab praewritnm tuum," which are those proper to the festival of the day. Other soloists who assisted In tie interpretation of the Mass ware Mrs*. Proctor, Mrs. Forrester, Miss HflU, and ' Mtm *n. O'Brien and Hack. The full Gregorian responses necessary for an occasion like this were chant vi The orchestra, which was under the leadership of Mr. Quinn, consisted of three first violins, two seconds, viola, double bass, two clarionets, two comets, two trombones, two horns, and tympani. Mr. C. W- Sununerhayes, the cathedral organist, presided at his instrument. Altogether the musical service was well worthy of the imjwwJwg ceremony of which it formed a part, and it wHI be a matter fox n T nF rntiTitatiiffn if, as we understand is contemplated, s rfmiiiw service) p"t>tiM become a permanent feature of worship in the cathedral on the first Sunday of each month, as is the custom in most other ""fi'^-J-'ftT ynfl |n th<* "adjoining colonies. 