CHAPTEE XXXV.— Mas Maseak Has. Heb Sdspicioks. ? And so he is back again from Amaatt! That is good news » fat^Ite apeateTra. little Miss Masbam; she was inker m dressing-room at the Rosary, and the visitor' she addressed was Letty Erakine or Ua.i Herbert Otway. as she had a right tohe called, and as she was always called at J''- l*ntre Bridge. It was true, sad known to everyone in the town, that she and her husband had parted at the Church doarao to \BP^J ha\ '' m»rii«e had not been an nulled, and to all intents and purposes the pair were man and wife although tteTnever met, never wrote to one another, and, for what outsiders knew, never thought of one another. But as to the thinking, only Otway for himself, and Letty for herself could nwak - but it is a fact that she believed nrmlybe' had forgotten her, and he had no reason Ju think that the girl who had behaved so heart lessly to him on her wedding day, had fallen desperately in love with him three day. later and would have aacrined everythinc she possessed (except her stubborn pride, of course) to hear him say once more ?? Letty, I In many respects she was very much altered T™ l5e ™'yvnow In,ore,til»n » year ago, that Sue anu her hntahonti nf an Lm... l-j — *~_.a face to face in the drawing-room in Halkin street. In person she was more attractive ; her saucy, sparkling, girlish beautv had gained some quality impossible to define in words ; her pretty, slender figure had filled out and matured without the loss of an iota of her girlish grace ; and if more silent and tliowjluful than of old, she spoke to more fniy^e now tnan in the days when words and gay repartee seemed to fall together from her pretty lips ! She could not in the least understand her seh how such a change had come over her since she began to love the man whose affec tion ahe had scorned and repulsed ; it seemed now that to think of him, and to live over again in memory the days the had spent with him during their engagement, made up the happiness of her life ! How kind he had been ! How tender ; how indulgent to her ahsurd caprices : how patient, and oh, how loving ! And how had she repaid nun * « ith stupid sarcasms she was ashamed to remember ; with culdness — with indifference, and too often with unwomanly displays of petulance and temper ! Oh, for the power to live that year over again ; to undo all that she had done, and bind to hor for ever and ever the oue mm in the world whom she could honour as well as love ! That was how she put it : she was now as prone to exalt him as unduly as, in her blindness, she had debased him ! But, cherished in secret, it was but natural that ht-r repentance and love should grow, the one more absorbing, the other more pain ful in its depth and sincerity. No one 6UB pected n hat was going on in her mind, for the passion oj pride was almost as strong as the love and repentance pnt b gether. Remember ing Otway's outspoken Bcora on the day of their nnal separation, she would hive died rather than approach him as a snpnliant for love and forgiventss. Her father and auut, who had at first taken the matter very much to heart, were now resigned to what appeared inevitable j they had outlived the awkwardness of having to explain that Letty and her husband GK parted on their wedding day, and that there was no hope of a reconciliation; and she lived on quietly at the Chase, snd she might h&re; taken ap her old life and been happy enough but for the cruel pun at her heart, and the daily renewed and fierce straggle, that always ended in the same way, between love and pride. Letty had always liked Miss Masham, bat of late, the two had become very fast friends indeed. The reason was not hard to find ; the old Udy was the only one who ever Bpoke to her of Otway. What she said was not alirayj pleasant to hear, bat Letty woald hare endure! more disagreeable words for the satis faction of bearing his name. She kept her secret most jealously guarded from this candid and dear-sighted friend, bat, nevertheless, Min Masham suspected that Letty was l-ss indifferent thy she seemed, although to her the girl always dwelt upon Otway's declar ation that his bride's treatment of him had given the death blow to his affection for her. ' He is not the man I take him for, if he would do anything of the kind,' the old lady used to tay to herself; ' but, at the name tune, if women are capricious, men are fickle and it may be out of sight out of mind with him.' On this particnlar afternoon, Letty had walked over to the Rosary to spend an hour or two with her old friend ; and her pony carriage vaa to call for her about six o'clock. \fi— \u.Um WM full of the news of Lady Judith Foster's approaching marriage to Mr. Milb&nke;, which she had heard that morning from Dr. Murray, and he had had his infor mation direct from Lord StUiiogfort himself. ' And from what the doctor tells me, my dear,*' ahe aid, ' I am afraid they have had a great deal of trouble on account of that hand none young organist, Charles Rossitur. It seems he went to Lord Stillingfort and proposed in form for the young lady ; and then it was that they found out she and he used to meet {our or five times a week in the woods.' ' 1 think it is very wrong to force her to marry Mr. Miih»nir» if ahe cares for Charles Hooritur,' said Letty. ' Dear *'*? are yon coming out as an advocate of romance ?' cried Miss Masham. 'And why should I not?' asked Letty. quickly. 'Are not all women romatic? I before Judith cares for young Ros&itar; ; why then, shonld not Lord Stxllingfort do some thing-far him and let them marry V ''Because, my dear, in the first pUce, the StiUingfortsare as proud as Lucifer, and they do not believe 'that rank is bat the guinea ?tamp,' unless, the commoner has plenty of stamped guineas ; and, in the second, because I believe that Lady Judith herself does not love this yonth enough, to give up position and fnoney for his sake.' ?* A woman ought to give up everything in the vorU for tie man ahe loves.' w Hear me, now. is that ao?' said Miss lUsfcsm. with her little head on one side like a peri bird, ' I .thought love bad gone out of famaloa ages and ages ago. Bat, no doubt, you know more about it than I do.' ' Indeed I do not. I never was in love, ** Tint being the case, it is a pity you faj^pp^n to be married.** And then came. the abrupt remark : u And so he is back from America TV 'If yoa are speaking of Mr. Otway, I believe he came back from Florida a fortnight ago.' ** Apd is there any chance of our seeing him down here? He is a man we all like very roach—at least I can speak for myself.' ** I should think Little Centre Bridge is about the last place in England he would come to.' '* That is strange, too, considering that his wife lives there.' **Kow, Miss M'hfr™. you kno-v perfectly well that he and I would go a hundred miles out of our way to avoid one another.' '* I know nothing of the kind ; and I think if yon did yon woald take a great deal of un necessary exercise. I believe if you were to write to-day and say, ?* Herbert, come;*1 he would telegraph to say, ** Letty, I am coming ;' and when you met you would rush into one another's arms !' ' I am quite sore I shouldn't rush into his.' ' But if be rushed into yours it would do just as well.' Letty shook her head, ' Then, my dear girl, if yon do not love Herbert Otway (and if / were a youug lady and married to him I should simply adore such a nice handsome fellow) it is your duty to have the marriage annulled, and to marry someone else, and to allow him to marry, too. ' I do not want to marry anyone.' ' But he may have fallen in love with some girl be met in America. You can't telL The American women are verv fascinsitiiig, aod it Is a shame to keep him gagged and bound when you do not want him yoarself.' *' I do not want to keep him, I assure you,' Letty answered with some asperity. ' He may marry a dozen American women, one more fascinating than the other, if he likes.' 'I have no doubt oue would satisfy him, bat be ought to be free to choose. What in the world is the mitter with the child now ?' Letty's face had flashed suddenly from chin to brow, and as suddenly the colour all faded away again, leaving her as white as a ghost. ' Look, look. Miss Masham,' she cried. 14 Do you Bee who is coming up the drive V Miss M*J*h*'t ran to the window and looked oat. ''Herbert Otway himself,' she exclaimed : ** Now, Letty, faint in his arms, and every thing will come right' Bat Letty drew herself up stiffly. 'lam not going to meet him,' the said. (To be continued.) A Justice of Peace, resident in the country, writes complaining very much of the cheese paring policyof *-h^frfig*TTHnPf1tin ^pfjarrfinipg not to circulate the Government Gazette gratuitously. While they have withdrawn the Gazette from public circulation they have also ceased almost entirely to advertise land ?ales in local newspapers. 