The Bullct-Holc.. Br FPLaYos CoPPEE. At the time when I was employed in the War Office, I had a companion who worked in the same room with me, called Jean Vidal, an old non.commissioned officer, who had lost his left arm in the Italian campaign, but who bad still his right hand, the "cunning hand' of a quartermaster, with which he executed all sorts of wonders in the calligraphia line, round hand, flourishes, Gothic letters, and he could draw a little bird in the final flourish of his signaturo, with a single stroke of his pen. He was an upright man, was Vidal, a true type of a pore-hearted and honorable soldier. Though he was scarcely forty then, and there was but a sprinkling of gray hairs in his fair Zonave beard, in the office we all called him " Pire Vidal," less out of familiarity than out of respect; for we all knew his honorable, self-denying life down there in his cheap lodg ing at the bottom of Grenolle, where he had taken in his sister, a widow with a tribe of children, and where he supported the whole family on the slender income he derived from his pension, his cross, and his salary. Three thousand france for five people I And Pere Vidal's coats-with the left sleeve, the empty', sleeve, fastened to the button-were always brushed as if he were going to a review, and the good man was so careful of hisred ribbon. which he kept always bright, that he used to take it out of his button-hole when he carried a parcel in the street. Ae I lived in the suburbs toward the south of Paris at that time, I often walked home with Pere Vidal, and I used to take pleasure in getting him to give an account of his cam paigne, as we walked past the Military School, meeting at every step-it was in the latter years of the empire-the handsome uniforms of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, the lancers in white, the artillery officers in their magnificent sombre uniforms, black and gold. It was worth while to get killed in such a costume as that. Sometimes in the warm summer evenings I used to treat my companion to an absinthe a pleasure that poor Vidal denied himself out of economy-and we used to sit for half an hour in front of the officers' cafe in the Avenue do la Motte-Piquet. On these days the old quartermaster, who had become a sober family man, and was out of the habit of taking "appetizere." usneed to rise from the table with his brain stimulated to heroic thoughts, and I was sure to have some stir ring tale of the wars as we walked home. One evening-I believe, God forgive me, that PFre Vidal had drunk two glasses of absinthe-as we went along that horrid Boulevard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before the window of a second hand clothes shop-there are a good many in that quarter. It was a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons, and tarnished epanlettes in the window, and hanging before the door, among dirty rags, there was here and there some old oeltcer's coat rotted by the rain and fretted by the sun, with a sort of vague human resemblance in its tight waist and broad shoulders. Vidal seized my arm with his one hand, and pointed with his stump to one of there cast-off garments-it was the tunic of an African officer, with its many-plaited skirt, and its triple gold baud twisted into a figure of eight on the sleeves as the hussars wear it. "Look here," said he; "this is the uni form of my old corps-a captain's tunic." As he went nearer to examine it more closely, and read the number engraved on the buttons, he added, enthusiastically: "My own regiment I The First Zouaveo I" But all at once Pre Videl'e hand, which had already seized the skirt of the old tunic, grew motionless, his face darkened, his lips began to tremble, and, looking down, he muttered. in a tone of horror: " My God! Supposing it were hids."' Then, with a sudden movement, he turned the tunic round, so that I could see, in the middle of the back, a little round hole in the cloth-a hole made by a bullet-with a dirty looking black cirele roned it, of dried blood probably; an ill looking hole, that made one feel both horror and pity, as if it had been a wound. "Oh, oh I" said I to Pre Vidal, who had dropped the garment and walked on, with a hurried step, hanging his head; " there is an ugly scar." And, guessing that there was some tale attached to it, I added, to goad my com panion into relating it: " It is not generally in the back that a captain of the Zouaves gets hit by a bullet." But he did not seem to hear me; he was muttering to himself, and biting his mous tache. "-How could it have come there? It is a long way from the battle-field of ?Melegnano to she Boulcvard de Grenelte. Yes, I know, there are the vulturce, who follow the army and plunder the corpses. But why just there, not two steps from the Military School, where the ,th,,er' regiment is quartered? And hr must have passed here; he must have recog nired it. Oh, it is like seeing a ghost." " Come now, POre Vidal," said I, taking him by the arm, intensely interested; " you are not going on talking riddles; you may just as well tell me what that old torn tunic has reminded you of." But I verily believe that if he had not drank those two absinthes I should never have heard the story; for when I asked him to tell me, Pero Vidal shot a suspicious and almost frightened glance at me, then suddenly, as if he had made up his mind, he began to speak, in a dry, hard voice: Well, then,,yes, I will tell you all about it; for you are a clever young man, and honor. able, and I can trust you; and you will tell me-honestly, on your conscience-whether yen think I was right to act as I did. Let me rEE--where shall I begin? Ahi in the first place, I can not tall you his name-the other's, I mean, because he is still alive. I shall have to call him by the nickname we gave him in theregiment. Tlir.sty,wecalled him, and he deserved the name, too, for he was one of those feliows who are never out of the canteen, and would toss off his twelve glasses of brandy, one for each stroke, when the clock struck twelve. He was ser geant in the Eame company where I was quartermaster, and we walked side by side in the ranks. A good soldier capital soldier. A drunkard, quarrelsemo, and a brawler, he had all the faults of. the African army. But be was as brave as an African lion. He was not an easy one to manage-you could see that with the first look of his sonburnt face, with its red beard and cold, steel-blue eyes. When I joined the regiment Thirsty had just finished his time; he re-enlisted, received the bounty, and went in for a three-days' regular carouse, in the lowest part of Algiers. With four or five boon companions like himself, they drove about all packed in an open carriage, and flouribshing a tri-colored flag with the motto, "This can't last forever I" on it. He was brought back to the barracks with his head cut open by a sword wound, that he had got in some Moorish den, where he had a fight with the Arabs. Some woman there got a hick in the scramble, and died. Thirsty got well; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripes taken from him. It was the second time he had been put back in the I ranks, If it hadn't been for his bad conduct Thirsty would have been an officer long ago, for he belonged to a very respectable family, and had been well educated. Well, he lost his stripes after the affair with the MIoorish woman, but he got them back again eighteen months later, at the same time that I myself rose to be sergeant-quatermaster, thanks to the kindness of the captain, who had great ipatience.with Thirsty, He was an old African soldier himself, and had seen him under fire in Kaby lie. But just at that time our old eaptain was promoted and left the regiment, and they sent us out a young fellow only twenty-eight to take his place. He was a Corsicannamed Gentile, a cold, ambitious man just out of school-a very good filicer, they said, but fearfully hard on the men. He would give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your gaiters; he had never served in Algeria, and he had no notion of any insubordination or disorder. From the very first moment he and Thirsty were at daggers drawn. That they were suenre to be. The first time the eer geant was absent at the roll call he put him under arrest for a week; the first time he got drunk, for a fortnight. When the captain a little, dark man, as stiff as a poker, with bristling moustache-ordered him under ar. rest, adding, in a stern tone: " know you, my friend, and I mean to master you," Thirsty never answered a word, but walked quietly away towards the guard-room; still I fancy the captain would have lowered his tone a bit,-if be had seen how the sergeant's face reddened with anger, and how his ter. rible blue eye flashed as he turned away. Meanwhile the emperor declared war on Austria, and we were all shifted off to Italy. I pass over the incidents of the campaign and come to the point at once. The evening be. fore the battle of IMelegnon- where I lost my arm, you know-our batallion was encamped in a small village, and before we broke ranks the captain made us a little speech-he was quite right, was the captain-reminding as that we were in a friendly country, and that for the honor of the army we should be on our good behavior, and he added that any one who caused annoyance to any of the in habitants would be punished most severely. While he was making this speech, Thirsty, who was standing near me, leaning un. steadily on his bayonet-ho had emptied a good many glasses sin?a the morning shrugged his shoulders; but fortunately the ecaptain did not notice him In the middle of the night I was wakened up suddenly. I sprang from the heap of straw![ had been sleeping on in the corner of a farm-yard, and by the light of the moon I saw Thirsty with a young girl in his arms, all torn and dishevelled, and calling on thu Madonna and all the saints in heaven to save her. He was struggling furiously, like alion, with a lot of peasants and soldiers who were trying to rescue her from him. I ran up to help, but Captain Gentile got there before me. With one glance-be had a very com. manding.glance, had the little Corsican--hbe drove back the sergeant, cowed; then when he had spoken a few reassuring words to the girl, in Italian, he came back and stood be. fore the culprit, and shaking his finger before the other's face: " They ought to blow out the brains of wretches like you," said he. "As soon as I c an see the colonel you shall have your see. geant's stripes taken from you; and it will be for good this time. There will be a battle to-morrow; you had better try and get killed." We went back to bed again. But the cap tain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by a cannonade. We flew to arms and formed in a column, Thisty taking his place next to me. I thought I had never seen his fierce blue eyes look more terrible. The batallion began its march. We were to dislodge the white coats, who had taken up their position in the village of Melegnanon, which they had forl~ed with cannon. Forward, march I We hadn't gone two miles when, bang I the Austrian cannon buret over us sidewies and knocked over fit. teen of our menii. Alter that the ollicers, who were only waiting for the order to charge, made ss lie down in the maize fields like the sharpshooters. They remained standing themselves, of course, and I can tell you our captain stdod up as straight as any of them. We men, kIneeling among the cornestalkse, kept up an incessant fire on the Austrian battery, which was within range. Suddenly I felt some one nudge my elbow. I turned around and saw Thirsty loading his rifle and looking at me with a sort of dare. devil smile lurking in the corners of his mouth. "You see the captain ?" said he, jerking his head toward that officer, who was standing at a distance of about twenty feet from us. "Yes; what of it 1" I answered, looking in the same direction. " What of it ? He ought not have spoken to me as he did last night ?" Then with a rapid, well calculated move. ment he levelled his piece and fired. I saw the captain, with a sudden, convulsive spasm, throw back his had and beat the air with his hands, then drop his sword, and fall heavily backward to the ground. " Murderer i" I cried, seizing the sergesant's arm. Bat he sent me rolling two or three feet from him, with a blow in the chest from the butt-end of his rifle. "Fooll Io1w will you prove I killed him ?" I sprang to my feel, ferio?e; bat all the rest rose at the same time.: For there was oar colonel, bareheaded, on his smoking horse, pointing with his sword to the Austrian bat. tery, and shouting with all his might: "Forward, Zanaves Charge with the bayonet I" What could I do but charge with the rest ? And it was a fine thing, too, the charge ofthe Zouaves at Melegnano I Have you ever seen a heavy sea beating against a rock? Yes? Well, that is jest what it was like. One after the other, three companies rushed up there like a wave over a rock. Three times the battery was covered with the blue coats and red breeches, and three times we saw the embankment bristling with its cannons' months reappear like the rock when the wave has spent itself. But the fourth company, that was ours, carried the place. For myself, in twenty strides I reached the redoubt;and helping myself with the butt.cnd of my rifle, I clambered up the embankment; I had just time to see a blue cap;a pair of fair moustaches, and ths muzzle of a gun was almost touching me; and then I felt such a blow on my left shoulder that I thought my arm 'lad been torn off ; I turned giddy, dropped my rifle, rolled over on my side by a wheel of one of the gaun-carriages, and fainted away. When I opened my eyes again there was only a faint sound of musoeketry in the dir. tance. The Zouaves were there, standirg in a sort of* disorderly half-circle, shooting, "Long live the Emperor I" and waving their rifles at arm's length in the air. An old general with his aide-de camp came galloping up; he stopped his horse, took off his gold-striped cap, and waved it joyfully, shouting: "Well done, Zouaves I You are the finest soldiers in the world I" I eat up, leaning.against the wheel of the gun-carriage, holding my broken paw, dis mally, in my right hand, and I began to re member Thirsty's horrible crime- shooting his captain from behind, on the battle-field. All at once he left the ranks and came forward toward the general. The very man himEelf, Thirsty, the captain's murderer! He had lost his fez in the fray, and his close shaven head was bare, with a wound across it, from which a narrow stream of blood trickled over his forehead and down his cheek. He was lean. ing on his gun with one hand, and in the other he held an Austrian flag, all torn and blood-stained, a flag he had taken from the enemy. The general looked at him with the great. eat admiration. "Just look at that, Bricourt;" said he. turning to one of his aids-de.camp. "There's a man for you I He'll have the cross." And repeating, "Fine fellow I fine fellow l" he turned to his aid-de-camp again and said something I did not understand-you know I am only an ignorant man-but that I remem. ber all the same: ' "Isn't that worthy of Plutarch, Bricourt ?" And then the pain in my arm was so great that I fainted away again, and heard nothing more. You know what followed. I have often told you how they hacked about my shoulder, and how I lay in the ambulances for two months with fever and delirium. And in my restless, wakeful hours, I was always won dering what I ought to do about Thirsty. Ought I to denounce him?. I thought I ought. But then, what prdofs had I to show ? And, after all, if lie was a scoundrel, he was a brave soldier. He hadkilled Captain Gentile, but he had taken a flag from the enemy? I could not make up my mind what to do. When at length I began to get better, I learned that, as a reward forhis brilliant con. duct, Thirsty had been promoted into the regiment of Zouaves of the Guard, and that they had given him the Cross of the Legion of Honor, For the first moment it made me feel disgusted with my own cross, that the colonel had brought me in the hospital. And yet, after all, Thirsty deserved his as well as I did mine; but he deserved, too, that his ribbon should serve as a target for a file of men told off to shoot him. All that hap. pened long ago, and I have never seen the sergeant since; he is still in the service, while I have turned civilian. But, just now looking at that tunio with its bullet-hole- and God knows how it ever got there I-hang. ing there in the shop, with the barracks were the murderer is quartered only a few yards off, I remembered that crime that had gone unpunished, and it seemed as if the captain's ghost cried out for justice. I quieted PlNre Vidal as best I could, for his story had made him in a great state of excitement. I assured him that he acted for the best, and the heroic conduct of. the eer geant of Zouaves had fully balanced his crime. But a few days after, when Iwent into the office, Vidal handed me a newspaper, folded so that I could only see one paragraph, and remarked, solemnly: " What did I tell you 1" I took the newspaper, and this is what I read : " ANOTRER VICTIe OF o ITEMIPER.cEn. Yesterday afternoon, on the Boulevard de Grenelle, a man named Mallet, commonly called Thirsty, asergeant in the Zouaves of the Imperial Guard, who had been drinking deeply in all the publio houses of the neigh. borhood, with two of his companions, was suddenly seized with an attack of delirium tremens, while he was looking at some old uniforms hanging in the windows of a second. hand clothes shop. He ran down the street, brandishing his sword and spreading terror before him. The two soldiers who accom panied him had the greatest difficulty in mastering the madman, who kept shouting, with fury: "I am not a murderer II took a flag from the Austrians at Melegnano I" We are informed that Mallet really was de corated for the gallant act, and that nothing but his inveterate drunkenness has prevented his being promoted to the rank of an officer. Mallet was taken to the military hospital, the Gros-Caillou, whence he wilt shortly be re. moved to Charenton, as it is doubtful if the unfortunate man will ever recover his reason.', As I gave back the newspaper to Vidal, he looked earnestly at me and added: "Captain Gentile was a Corsican. Hehas taken his revenge l" 'Tis Pitiful the things by which we are rich or poor- a matter ot coins, coats and carpets, a little more or less stone, or wood, or paint, the fashion of a cloak or hat; like the luck of naked Indians, of whom one is proud in the possession of a glass bead or red feather, and the rest miserable in the want of it. All vice stands upon a precipice. To engage in any sinful course is to run down the hill. If we once let loose the propensities of our nature; we cinnot gather in the reins and govern them as we please; it is much easier not00 begin a bad course than to stop when begun. Lifo is not a dreary waste; on the contrary, it is full of joy and beauty; and to the strong, reliant soul, who has faith and hope, it is full of goodnos ; but beauty mnust be in the mind, and goodnes in the heart, or neither willbe seen in the world. Whatever it be that keeps the finer faeculties of the minlawake, wonder alive, and the interest above mere eating and drinking, mor.ey-making and money.saving, whatever it be that gives gladness, or hope, or sorrow, this, be it violin, pen, or highest of all, the love of woman, is simply a divine gift of holy inflencefor the salvation of that being, lifting him out of the mire, andupon the rock, Plamborough Head.-The cliffs are seen at their greatest height near Flamnlorough Head, where they have an altitude of nearly five hundred feet., and a more imposing vi .v can not be imagined than that which they present to an observer on the esplanade at Bridlington Quay. They reach out in a splendid sweep miles long, and a dazzling white in color. They are sheer from top to bottom. From the rolling arable land which stretches'back from them a deep fringe of brown mud has been washed down, and against their white faces it looks like a row of tassels. Down below is the sea, sharp and diamond pointed, which beats up against them in some places, and in others leaves a narrow edge of beach, set with shinine white boulders and black fragments of wreakage. At the end of the curve the Head itself is thrust like a wedge into the sea. Solid and defiant as it looks, the sea has not left it uns. scarred. Massive pillers have been separated from it, which foretell of future enclroach. ments, and the waves Iave eaten deep, mysterious caverns in it, tlhrough which the wind moans with unsilenceable grief. One of these caverns is ealled Robin Lyth s Hole, and forms a tunnel from tihe land to the sea. The entrance is low nll dillleult, baut when it is passed, the cxpl.rer findes him self in a sepulchral chamber, dark, dripping and reverberant, with a roof fifty feet high. The rock is of variegated colors, and polishedl by thceattrition of the seas. which the eastern gales send driving in. The floor seems to have been built by human hands instead of by the thoughtless gnawing of the elements. Sometimes a shaft of sunlight findls its way into the mouth, and then every drlop of water bcading on the walls beccomes a jewel, and the rocks reveal their iridescenct splcn dora. ' On the summit of the Hlead there is a lighthouse, with a lantern two hundred and fourteen feet above high-water mark, a smtall fishing village, and the-ruins-of an old castle, in whicth Robert the Third of Scotlamd was confined after his capture by a lsrivateers man as he was escaping to France. Poor knights.-These can be lmade oset of slices of stale bread neatly trimmed. They should be about half an inch thick, an; should cither be cut in lingers, squa-es, or some other shape. Soak the pieces in mill long enough to soften them,but nrit to break. Drain the pieces and fry in boiling dripping until nicely browned on both sides. Place them on kitchen paper to drain; and then serve with jann or marmalade, put betr.een every two slices; scatter some castor sugar on the top and serve. Three Varieties.-A conteloporary says that of three varieties of .loudness-that of dress, laughter and talk-the first is the most pardonable, since we have only to close our eyes and we are not offndetl by it. "Wa believe," it says, " that pyschologists are agreed that the ha-ha laugh indicates a cultured mind, and the he-he laugh a shllow mind, and a ho-ho.ho-o laugh a gross mind. Art of Glass Carving.-At one time glass surpassed gold not only in.value asa ma terial, but in forms of vases. and drinking vessels wrought into various patterns by means of wheels and points. An article of this kind was considered a worthy.present for a king. Glass oarving is a branch of the art of carving precious stones began by the lapidary savage and improved-with more or lees ability by workers ih.arehao- times and earliest civilizations.. In the Greek and Roman periods, when the glyptie art was nn. eonraged as a whole, carving on glass may be said to have reached its zenith. Perhaps it is to the later Greeksi and Romans that we are indebted for the finest work of lth kind. Colored glasses were generally preferred to glass of only one color for csvring ; and at the present time cameo work upon a ground of a different color, is growing in favor of the educated and wealthy at home and abroad. To England is duo the honor of reviving the art of.glass carving. Grace Before Moat.-This eustom is more prevalent in Scotland than in England. With the "goody " people grace it said not only before breakfast and dinner, but even when the slightest refreshment is taken. In deed inthetlighlandsspeceially in Sultherlnd and eaoshire, it is customary when a ",lram" is-given to ask a "bleseing" over the "mercy." The following good story is told of a Highlander, to whom a " snuff" was cf. fered : : The fragrant mixture was put on the back of hib hand, an OaaEit, was a'. eomething to take, ho! said it 'would only be tight to ask a blessing over it. So the good man elosed his eyes, and began slowly to repent the bless. ing or short prayer. A sudden gust of wind, however, blew the snuff from off his hand, on which he remarked, " Oh, it eouldna' be a mercy at all, when it wouldna' wait for.the gude God's blessing to be asked over it I' Krupp, the great gun-maker, says that be never succeeded in business until he began drinking beer. If the young men around here don't succeed it won't be their fault. 