Crumbs. Sun. Warm. Bright. Policy ! Theatre. Pleasant. Salt fish day. Ash Wednesday. Lent commences. •« My Sweetheart." Miss Minnie Palmer. Ohprogressive policy! That "policy" is a fraud. Not "Jaunty Johnny" now. A new election at St. Peters. Strathalbyn Show to-morrow. Wesleyan Bazaar at Ovingham. Barometer at noon to-day, 80*09. Parliament dissolved next week. German Socialists forging ahead. Big Ben was in the organ gallery. Berliners dead agin old Bismarck. Only £200 a year for MP.'s proposed. The Knights of Labour meet to-night. Open-air concert at Parkside to-night. No div. in the Norwood Tram Company, Tommy Atkin s regulations nearly ready. G.O.M. carping : at new rules in Commons. What a motley crew were on the platform^ Victoria to boycott typhoid horses from. S. A. Attractive programme to-night at Parkside. Unley Volunteer Band to-night at Parkeide. Irish wake and [cremation at Hotham yesterday. The " sweet Singer" didn't get a good reception. Sydney unemployed ask Government for " grub." Unley Volunteer Band becoming very popular. That meeting wouldn't hear Big Ben's little • brother. Late Intercolonial Cricket Match a very bad spec. British troops to be mobolized for con-, tingenciee. All the starch was out of the Acting- Premier last night. Bismarck will find the new Reichstag, worse than the old. The meeting would not allow John Bounsevell to say a word. £50 for a jubilee ode offered by the Brisbane Musical Union. The Treasurer's policy—a penny in the pound on our old boots. A sarcastic writer asks if that policy isanything else bat sound. One of Johnnie's pet J.P.'s was very busy on the platform last night. The Mayor of Mount Gambier is a thorough, representative of the town. Melbourne moneylender thrown from his buggy and killed last night. British troops to remain in Egypt until country able to defend itself. A hospitable reception alwayB to be.depended upon at Mount Gambier. Simple Adelaide likely to be got at by her neighbour over that rolling Btock, Our usually genial Johnny had not even a repartee for Alderman Ben Nash. Victoria has lost £71 3s. 6<L over the S.A. cricket match. But then she best. How about that" small change" the Treasurer promised the Unley deputation, TheRorth Adelaide Wesleyans havetnader a good bargain abont their ne'w organ. Adelaide too poor to buy an organ for the Jubilee ExMbition—muBt borrow one. How humbly the head of the Ministry received those cauBtic taunts last night. North Adelaide Wesleyans to lend a " Kisfr o* Whustles" to our Jubilee Exhibition. Sun rose at 5.44 a.m.; sets at 6.44 p.m. Moon rose at 5.44 a.m.; seta at S.58 p.m. The reception yon met with last night, Mr. Singer, must have affected your eyesight. A strong feeling in favour of payment of members at Mount Gambier and Millicent. What's sauce for a common Councillcc ir surely sauce for a very uncommon Premier.. Mr. Baker thinks the Ministry will give the public the jalap and leave out the jam. . A barren cliff 130 feet high on the Uonq» : has been surveyed for working man's block, " The Ministerial Gusher" and the Hozu' R. C. Baker at loggerheads in the South-Easb Have you seen "My Sweetheart?" was the Question. " Which one I" was the reply. Councillor' oaths written upon an "adhesive" hotel bill not good enough for SU- Peters. The meeting did not seem to think the-, only Allerdale was'a good judge in financial, matters. Ex- Councillor Harry now knowB the. difference between "adhesion" aud "allegiance." Is ex-Councillor Harry a Red Republican that he wouldn't swear " allegiance" to Her Majesty ? The Hon. G. C. Hawker will go to Mount. Gambier if North Adelaide does not solicit - his services. That Mount Gambier coach must have been packed when it couldn't stow away little Sammy. That speech was "piscatorial," as the Judges said of Mr. Sawtell's enquiries re Commercial Bank. Unintentional cremation at Hotham odf Tuesday morning. Typhoid germs would bs - destroyed, however. Working man's block surveyed at Blanche- - town that will "neither keep a sheep, a goat, nor grow a weed." Second-class certificate to George Jenkins- Thereby he gets oat of those breach of promise damages and costs. Lively times in Tonga. All for the spreadof Christianity. What does the founderthink of it, Mr. Shirley Baker ? We don't want any army, now that Mr. Lindsay ia here with that big black boy and-- a whole arsenal of nigger weapons. A town of the importance of Mount Gambier ehould be lighted with gas. The Corporation now moving in the matter. Rather rough on Messrs. Krichauff and Bagot to have their time at complimentary gathering monopolized by political speeches. According to "Tommy Atkins's Brother?- there ia hardly enough redtape in some of the Hiti* doings. Favoured ones clasa-firei - as they please. Very clever if not very straight of the little Treasurer to leave it open whether ha continues the land tax and whether it is to be'progressive. Mayor Smith, with a sarcastic smile, de* olared a couple of dozen hands " an over--' whelming majority" of last night's meeting— says "I Singer." If John Wesley's ghost could walk around^ Tonga just now he would be dissatisfied withthe results of hiB teachings, writes ouc sceptical Crambster. A Welshman tells us—" The English of tha ~ Welsh quotation ' Mor o Gau yuv cymry gyd* j . is' Wales is all one sea of song.'" Ah ! now the Crumbman feels better. Brush fires in orchards attracts an cremates the codlin moth that lays the eggsthat hatches the worm that eats the coresout of the apples and pears. If St. Peters cannot elect a common Councillor when he is in Sydney, can Baroesa elect a Premier when he iB away owing to the "exigenciesof the Empire?" Local candidates wanted for the Onka-' paringa District—Johnson ia out of it in the- "New Era," and Rees can go to the Burra* " Two in the Bush" preferred. If the Treasurer's estimates had beearealized we would have had money to spare. Just so, but every one but the Treasurer knew all along they would not be realized. What ia there in the policy that we didn't know before? B r a y let out about the properg tax a week ago. Furner had told us of UM' railwaypolicy, and Howe of the wattle Business, W hat else is there ? "Never before was there a statement so bald and vapid delivered in audi a depressing tone and betraying auch an absolute f^uro to grasp the real position of the colony. Fancythis about ourgemal John Cox Bray.. "It would be very muoh like electing ar well- conducted monkey to take charm of a chronometer on board a ship," «aid Sir Henry ParkeB as to the proposed election Of a candidate. Have these words a looal application ? Quotation for to-day—Order "Star ofr India" instituted, 1861 :— " I lang ha'e thought, my youthfu' friend,, A something to have sent you, Thoueh it should serve nae other end - Than jutt a kind memanto." 