SELLING RACES. By "Sibblino." What's in a name ? A rose by any other name would smell as sweet. So Bays the poet ; but most racing men will feel in clined to think there is something in a name, and'Heach can point to some ill- named horse who seems to run up to his name on all, or nearly all occasions. Sink ing Funds debit their ownera "heavily. Mistakes go down when least expected. Ghosts provo phantasms when backed, a„d Partner had to "play a Lone Hand ere be could scoro a game, and verily Selling Races are .often worthy of the title in inore respeets than their mmicrs intended thegito bSi1 Sometimes tlie sell is felt by the racingclub or propriotaiy on whose course therace is run, a quiet, knock-out, stifling competition, and an animal worth a century falls to Hie owner's hid at the upset price, while possible buyora are quietened by " tho owner gave you a straight run: what do -you want to bid for 1" assiduous whisperers waiting on auyono"Vho looks like bidding. . Sow o- tiines'the sell is for the public, who, see- iugtfgood recont performer in at a light ,wcisht, rp8U in and take a short price, only to find that the more support they give hini the mqrc.stcadily does the price recede. Then, leaving their firat fancy, they rush on to new goods given them by a particular friend, only to find the donor and tlie recipient mistaken,"' and a third animal assumes the pride of place in - the quotations as both previous, fancies weaken. Strange that this very weaken- . , : — >n ,.,1 I"# is a sign of 'stiffening in some tsaa Then, when the selected one is fairly hacked by all Iiis friends, an overlooked pnimal suddenly receives support, and tipv eta the fixed up certainty, affording R- acll to the sellers and arrangoks. . Even on metropolitan courses such tilings have happened, and yet stewards are blind to .them, and no comment is made except by th<0 who have lost their money. The final sell comos when tho winner is pasted in at the upset price, and a beaten horse is claimed at double the figure. Verily' Selling iiacosare oriovj th ings, and re quire witching. \vl,y d„u'i. oar Turf logibifli- adopt vher Fr.glish rules wifcil reapcot to j :tv, r. give half the Kurp'i, . i y rite t :r.:,or of a StL.tig iut'N- 1 .- fla, owner o: l!m Nose wliirh mtw ; atcor.d i And why '!> w-.tct: tiio rid. -.g oit'J 're ru)i'u:t t .v. those raccv: clusely, and lo I i.ur v 1 v hows- ehn ' a day ;.r xvo ;.b ti,r.y I; .. ,P, ir tacca ,i! this r,.wt 1 1 a i !- '.-G in these ero tin! \t r :<s. t J pi, "i-.f viiiosl oil? r, ,i it nlv i Lad Pink wfi't;. ga. - A hi. ui:- day and yours to-morrow " is upset by an animal which the players have agreed is waiting for a bigger thing. "But the best laid achemes, etc." Tho - quotation as- hackneyed— though apposite. I have always .rgued against tho sys tem which is so greatly in -vogue, viz., that of reduction in weights by reduction in selling price, and bave advocated a fixed price, with a fixed- weight for each ago, whether tint price be a sovereign, as in ' the Sovereign Plate of the Sydney Turf Club, or three hundred sovereigns, as in the Kensington Stakes of the" Vic toria Racing Club. But my unaided efforts hare had littlo effect as -yet. One thing, however, is certain: that iuiloss some now feature or more earnest super vision is shown in Soiling Races, their popularity will wane, as tlie public will assuredly discountenance thom. - 