TFORTUNE FROM TOBACCO. Frtun " Broadbrim's " letter from New fork ' in the" Ben-Jig'- Advertiser' we take the fol lowing ; — . - " As you tnUr the solemn and stalely gate of CrMetfWo&d; Cemetery, on a lovely little eminence tO-tbe'risfct i; a-bfca.utiful miniature Grecian Temple ; one of the Inn-Jsornest and most costly rr.na.knm. that adorns that Splendid necropolis. Almost at iis frail, across the pa!h. "f the grave of- Louis Eonnaid. marked by a simple and beautiful cross ; telling the wonderful story of ibe humble artizni, who toiled on patiently through a long life, and died in Hjoalor and apparent poverty, and left two hundred thou- iind dolUta to ' The Society for the Prevention of' Cruelty to Animals.' Just to the left of the little Temple on the Hill — a majestic shaft perpetrates the memory of Mrs Oswald Otten- dorfer. whose first husband was the founder of the ' Staats Zeitung,'" a woman worthy of a place among her country's noblest dead. The Grecian Temple mentioned at the opening of this article covers all tint is mortal of John Anderson, whose fame in this world rests solely qti the fact tbat he invented fio lace Tobacco, Not much, perhaps, you will say to bu-id up fauie, here or hereafter ; perhaps not ; but then you don't the, you have never experienced the delights Af a. quid. Yon have never been «.n picket guard at bight, in rain and snow and sleet, or you have never stood on the bridge of a steamer, or the forecastle of a sailing ship, when the salt waves Were dashing over you. If you had you might aay, ' Requiescai in pace, John Anderson.' He died many times a millionaire, and his fortune was made by one of those lucky chances which toake or mar a man for all time. His shop in 1840, stood on Broadway, at the corner of the Old Hospital Grounds, almost facing tbe spot Where Pearl Street enters Broadway. It was an honible little place enough ; but behind the counter, dealing out tobacco and cigars to the dudes of half a century ago, wag Mary Rodgers, known as the beautiful cigar girl. She was a fmne of wealth to John Anderson, for thousands of young fellows learned to smoke, jtist for the Erivilege of taking a cigar from her beautiful ngera. Those were, indeed, Democratic days, for a prime Havanna, rich and fragrant, coat only three cents, and the reckless vagabond who indulged io a five center, was abandoned by his relatives, and his ruin prognosticated by those who execrated his extravagance and mourned " his downfall. Twelve honest cigars nicely put uj) in a paper bag cost a York shilling, and a filodeBt drink of democratic whiskey three cents. Arcadian days these, of primeval innocence and Simplicity. When pleiiro-pneumouia, spinal meningitis and Blight's disease, was no more known than the history of the fixed stars. General Scott, the greatest hero of bis day, walking down Broadway and finding bis cheek empty, stepped into John Anderson's little shop, and gbl a paper of tobacco. Whether it was the really excellent quality of the weed, or the sparkling eyes of Mary Rodgers, I know not, biltfthe next day the General called again and got another paper. Poor Mary Rodgers went out one Sunday aTEernbon, and she was never seen again till her body ;WaB found floating in the Hudson opposite Sybil's (Jive,' under the Hoboken Cliffs, not far from AVeebawken Dell, where Aaron Burr killed Alexander Hamilton. ; The Mexican war came on, arid General Scott went down to the (arid of the.Aztecs ; ihtre was plenty of tobacco there, but there was nothing like John Anderson's. Tbe-- General sent on e special order to New \- York for several boxes of tobacco — intimating that the Mexican campaign might possibly be a failure without it. John Anderson did a lot up in tinfoil and despatched it to the scat of war, Where it arrived in time to assist in the victory of Slolino del Rey, and cuter into the capital city of the Aztecs. , When in the Royal palace of the Montezumas the General stretched himself out on one of tbe gorgeous divans, he took a . huge quid of his favourite week in his cheek, - and wrote to his friend John Anderson, that lie was a benefactor of his race, and bis tobacco was indeed, a bolace.' The word 'solace' struck John Anderson, and therefore he sent forth John Anderson's Solace tobacco. The name spread like wildfire, and the once humble tobacconist of the little Baoadway shop became the pos sessor. of millions ; but his millions brought him not ..peace . of rnind nor happiness. Illusions haunted him ; the ghost of the beautiful Mary Rodgers followed liiui day and night. He was unfortunate in his children, ami it nearly killed him when his- daughter's husband, disgraced and wrecked;: was- hu'rled-from ihe Judge's bench to irretrievable ruin and infamy. This little temple cbVets ' a 'btiikeii"h6oVt and a wrecked life, the weSith 'of jMidai' coUM ilot save him, and this week Hia graridcliild appears in the Courts to' ,?;>; '.tho , pa iririibby, of 'Which, she says, her uucle,, robbed 'her. . '.The. .millions are melting away ;:,but, the little Temple on the hill remains bu,point a moral and adorn a tale. 