BRIEF AfENTION. iris .Excellency Sir Henry Loch will tako tho chair to-night at tho I'uuliu meeting in thu Town Hall, to bu held in tho interests of tho sufferers of thu Butii colliery disaster' Tho Alhyor of Melbourne (Counuilior W, Cain), his Honor the Chief Justice, tho .Aicorney-iienorm, urn aiimsier 01 J-Juucation, Air James Balfour, AI.L.O., Mr J. L. I'urves, tJ.C., llio Rev Dr Bovan, Councillor G. D. Carter, ALL. A., and probably Sir James Atac- Bain will l>e among the speakers. Various resolutions will be proposed, expressive sf sympathy with the widows and families of tho men who lose their lives, and of tlio' desira bility of raising a fund for their assistance. We trust there will be a large ntttrmiaiice, ami a liberal response to the appeals from thu various speaker. Air Uuysmnn, Chief Engineer of tho Vic torian Fleet, proceeded to Swan Island by train this morning, to (cj the new boiler and air compressor recently erected there by "Mr J. C. Johnson, Tyue Foundry, at a cost of L100. The object of tho apparatus is to allow any- of the various gunboats which may paylhcplacea visit at thu tim.i the Whitehead torpedoes re- quirore-diarging facilities for doing so. In conjunction with this pieco of mechanism Air Daysman has also caused a fresh water dis tiller to bo added, by which forty gallons of saltwater can bu condensed per hour, there being no fresh uatcr on the island except after heavy rain, Tho Government recently received a com munication from tho Italian Government, in timating that there is to be a Congress of tho International Statistical Institute hold at Romo next month, and enquiring whether Air 11\. 11. 11 ay tor, thu Government statist of this colony, will bo ablo to bo present as a dole- gate. It war stated in tho letter that every facility in thu way of freo passes and other attentions would bo offered to any delegate that might bn despatched, but the communica tion arrived too lato to allow of any arrange- meats being made for anybody to attend tho Congress Ah Hnytor is the official re presentative ot the Institutu iu this enlnny. This is tho last opportunity we shall havo /if calling attention to tho matinee performance which is to bo given to-morrow in aid of the widow and sou of tho lato Air Win. lloskins. The combined company which has under taken the entertainment in the finest which has ever met 111x111 a Melbourno stage. Tito programme will include the festive sccno at Blueskiii's cafe, from Littlo .Tack ftheppard, an act fron Harbor Lights, tho Ring anil Keeper, a Comedietta, ami a sccno from tho Hunchback, A very powerful combined orchestra will render tho overture from Wil liam- Toll. A ir.oro varied entertainment could not have been wished by the greatest lover of change. Tho leading residents of Kew havo decided on holding n public mooting with the view of collecting subscriptions for tho relief of the sufferers through the Bulli colliery disaster. The prime mover in thu matter is Or. Kcllett, who on tho occasion of tho lato bush fires was successful in getting together a good sfnn of money by means of canvassing tlm dist rict. A number of thu most prominent burgesses have intimated their intuntioii of giving tho object their warmest support. A similar movement is on foot at Borooudara, whore thuAustralian natives aro getting up entertainments, and the Shire Council lias granted the public hall for their use freo of charge. MrJ. S. Hobday was admitted as a solici tor of tho Supreme Court to-dav, iqxm tho ap plication or Dr ACimMoh. The Board of Examiners did not consider Air 1 fibdav eligible for admission, as ho had not been originally admitted in a colony in which reciprocity with Victoria prevails, but tho Court allowed an appoal against their view?, nnd held Air Hobday eligible for admission. In pursuance) of their Honors' decision tho Board granted its certificate, upou which Air Hobday was duly admitted. Wo are requested to draw attention to an ad vertisement in another column, in which refer ence is made to a hoax perpetrated in our morning contemporaries rolativo to a "novel" method of obtaining admission to the Bijou Theatre this evening. Wo aro asked to say that the managers and lessees, Messrs ALajeroni nnd Wilson, know nothing whatever of it, nnd they presumo it is an All Fools' hoax. Since tho alteration and lengthening of tho steamer Julia Percy alio has made somo smart runs to Warmiunbool. On tho last trip an average speed of over twentv-onn knots pur hour was recorded between tho Bight nnd the Bay, and thu distance run in 0110 hour and and forty-two minutes. From tho Heads to Warrnambool tho titiio occupied was only ten hours and throe quarters. In consequence of tho jircvalenco of typhoid fever, tho following notice has been posted at all railway stations throughout the coiouy: — "Victorian Railways. — Notice tol'assunger. — Attention is called to suctions 83 and 84 of the Public Health Act No. 7S2, which provides na follows : — 1. _ Ti»nt persons suffering from any dangerous, infectious, or contagious disease, are before entering any rathvuy carriage re quired to notify to the station master tho fact tliat they arc so suffering, under a penalty not exceeding L 5. 2. That iicrsons so suffering when about to travel must pay a sufficient sum to cover any loss or expense incurred in disin fecting carriages after being used by them. An ordinary meeting of tho City Council will bo held on Alonday nest, but the business paper contains no items of very general interest. Councillor Godfrey, however, in to move that iu all future contracts for cleansing the streets thoro shall be a provision requiring the contractor to sweep up all the streets formed of wood pavement a uuffietcnb uuuiber of times daily in liuu of watering. Yesterday Dr Iloumnn tnado an examination of tho skeleton discovered on Tuesday after noon and brought by Constablo Gardner to the morgue at Aim street pier, Wilhainstown. As was surmised in Wednesday's lEltALD,tho re mains turn out to bo thoso of nn aboriginal, ' of what sex ib uncertain. It is, however, tho remain of a very old person, who ha been buried in all probability for a period of 30 or 40 year. In a paragraph which appeared in our issuo of Wednesday fast, wo reported tliat MrSeutt, a solicitor, wns fined 40s and 40s costs, at tho District Court, for using insulting language to a complainant, named AIVDougall. We omitted to mention at tho time that tho de fendant did not appear, and tliat the fine was imjioscd in hi absence. Iu our report, in last night' issue, which was headed "Stealing Electro-plated Ware," Air Westley, who prosecuted, was mentioned of the firm , of Atossrs Westley aud Dumaine. In reality tho Air Westley, who appeared in tins c.190, belongs to tho firm of Messrs Clover- don and Westley. The following aro tho readings by Gaunt's instruments Barometer, 30.000. risimr. Heat in sun to-day, at 12 noon, 117. In tho shade, 84. The highest reading of Gaunt's Thermometer in tlio shade, Bonrlco street, yesterday, wan 87, aud tho lowest from 9 a.m. jestorday to 9 n.in. to-day, fi-1. Tho hurhest reading m tho sun yesterday was 118, Rain fall lost 24 hours, nil. Tlio question of celebrating tho Queen's Jubilee was under tho consideration of tho of tho conference that each of tho municipali ties should contribute toward the erection of a monument in Melbourne did not meet with favor, nnd it was unanimously agreed that tho ' Government, or fuiling that, the City Council, should undertake its erection. Tho only pro posal which tho council thought it advisablo to full in with was tho presentation of a joint address to Her Alajesty, The O.M.S. Oroya, for Sydney, which left yesterday afternoon, did not pass Capo Schanck till eiuht o'clock this morning. It m stated that foiiio slight disarrangement with tho steam steering gear took place as thu vc?el proceeded down the Bay. Tho arrivals in the Bay this morning com prised tho following vessel Farncll, barque, from Knipara ; Beenwingnnd Iiasby, steamers, from Newcastle ; and I bo Flinders, steamer, from Lnunecston. The latter brought the Tasuiatiinit mails for transhipment into thu O.M.N. Ormuz, leaving, early to-morrow morning. The man Benjamin Boultoti, who has been so officious iu obtniniug xvarrnuts ngainst different jwoplc, was summoned in tho Dis. trict Court this morning by a cabman, named John Strongman, to recover Ll 8s for cab hire. Boultou did not appear. The cab was encaged in connection with tho issue of tlio taid warrants, nud iu payment Botdtou gavo n chcquO for thu amount, winch wns returned from tho bank marked "N.S.F." When the cabman wont to Boulton'a house to demand tho money ho " fastened on to Itinfe like a bull dog." This wa what Strongman told tho Bench. An order was made for tho Amount with 12s fid costs. . Tho Police Court proceedings in connection Willi tho arrest of tho men Walker, Spencer and Davis, 011 a chargo of forgery and uttering, were concluded inter our edition went to press yesterday. Tlio prisoners woro coin-' mitted to tnko their trial at tho criminal sittings of tho Nupreino Court on tho 18th April. During tho investigation by tho Fort Alelixmrno magistrates the prisoners main tained a nonchalant domeanor, and laughed ns heartily ns any of tho spectator/ whonevcr a ioko relieved tho tedious coso for tho time being, Two grooms, named respectively Britten and Crammen, were proceeded ngaiust at tho St. Kildn Court this morning for assault. A livery stable proprietor at St. ICilda, named Willouuiiby, Hlatud that on Wodiuwclay Inst ho was liusmg n horsu, when ho accidentally squirted iv little water over the defendant Britten, who put ou his coat nmt walked off the premise?, followed by tho other do-' fondant. Thoy returned in tho after noon and demanded their wages. Wil- Umghby demurred, nml then Britten seized him by tho nccle nml threw him to tlio ground, nud kicked him on the head. Crammen gavo Smith a slap iu tho face when tho latter went to Willonghby'a assistance. Tho plaintiff wns pub to great incoiivoniencn on tiie day in question, na six carriages had been ordered for » wedding party, nnd tlio de fendant cleared out in the midst of prepara tions. Britten was fined L2, with Ll la costs, nud Crammen Ll, with Ll Is costs, in de fault seven .day 3' imprisonment. At> tho Wtllinmstowii Polico' Court thia morning n mail named John Connelly was charged by Semor- constnblo Dolap, of Now-. |»orl, with ill-treating a lwrso on tho 28th instant. On that day tho officer saw Connelly brutally beating the allium! 011 the ribs with, the butt end of a heavy whip. Ho wn fined 20s, with 12 fid cost?. Jaine Bridges, a resident of Newport, wns, at thu instance of his wife, charged with violent assault. Airs Bruitres stated that on Monday last ns she was marine nut of the door accused throw n tablo kuifo nt her, and followed this up by kicking her > in thu ribs, SI10 produced a doctor' certificate, showing the injuries received wore painful ones. The Bench sentenced Bridges to seven days' imprisonment, On Aromlay ' Ale??r Patterson nnd Sons sell nt Preston n quantity of valuable surplus stork. Arr J. If. Kiitpc will sell ou Afonday noxt, at thu Royal Exchange, 28 freehold prnpcitics comprising sho|M«m! cottages, nt Ynrrnville, in thu estate of tlio Into Aire Mnxwell," who wns recently mysteriously killed on tlio Railway. # By advertisement under the heading, "Pub lic Notic's" Alessr I'ltipps, Tiiritlml!, and Co. caution buyers nml seller against trading in certain brands of cigars without knowing tlieiu to bu genuine. Wo have received Irom Afosfir Stilhvcll nnd Co. Bradsliaw's Guide to Victoria, with rail- ; way map for April, In this month are given, 111 additiou to tho usual information, tho ex tension of the railway lino from .llurficld to Atnlfrn ; the time of high water ot William town ; also the times at which tho moon rise nnd sets ; a talilo of duties payable on tho estates of deceased persons j the English mails, jxisfc towusi of South Australia, ami a com plete traveller' guide to every place in A'ic- Wo nro naked to montion that the box plan for the Umuio ami Dunn wrestling match ut tho Opera House on Saturday week, ffth April, i now open nt Glon'sMuHO Warehouse, Collins street, where also singe tickets-can bo obtained. As only n limited number of chairs will bu placed ou thu Hinge, and the match is exciting somo interest, early application should be made. As will bu soon, they wrestle in seven styles, Grieeo-Romau, Catch-as-cateh- can, Scotch, Cornish, Cumberland. Collarnml elbow, Sidehold, ono fall in.caeh. Tho wrestl ing commence ut 3 o'clock. Yesterday a picnic was given to thocliildren attending Sb Joseph's Catholic Scnool, Port Melbourne, by tho lion F. T. Durham, Postmaster-General. About 200 children wero present, in tlio chargo of n nnmberuf touchers, nnd it mnt enjoyable day was spent. At ono o'clock Afr Derhmn preauieil at a lunch to tho teacher, nt which woro present tho Rev Prior Butler, the Rev Father Sclinffrey, and the Rev Father Byrne. The scouo of the festivities was tlio cricket ground, where tho picnic to the State school children iu taking placo to-day. Messrs Wilson and Antony' "Ghost" will open nt tho St George's Hall 011 Saturday niKht. Tho managers of this entertainment (which is a variety of mirth, inusic, nnd mystery) have recently returned from a mic- cersftil European tour. We call attention to the novc- lties in onr advertising column. To-night will witness the last performance of the burlesque eointmny at J ler Majesty's Opera Houso. Tho doutilo programme, which Ims been ?o successfully produced here for the past fortnight, comprising Vicu-Vursa and the Forty 1 moves, will bo presented again. This conqiany leaves to morrow for Adelaide, and Urn comedy company opens at this houso with I lie .Pickpocket" iu tho evening. 