Truth in the Marvellous. We may not be disposed to admit that the faery cross seen by Constantine was a miraculous inti mation ; but we cannot set aside the account as necessarily apocryphal ; for a celestial cross was seen in Migne, near Poitiers, in December 1826. It was observed during a religious service, and the preacher ih his sermon had referred to the cros3 of Constantine. The awe-struck congregation, on perceiving the visible cross in the sky, of shining silver, edged with red, immediately fell upon their knees, accepting the sign as a divine testimony to the truth of what had just been told them. The source of the phenomenon was afterwards found in a wooden cross which had been erected near the chapel, the shadow of which bad been cast by the declining sun on a rising mist. the flying dutchman was obviously another instance of atmospheric re flection, and similar phantom ships have been des cribed by modern travellers. The Enchanted Is land, or Isle of Ghosts, which had its place in old charts in mid-Atlantic, and so perplexed the mari ners of the middle ages by its varying appearance, defying all attempts to reach its shores, has since been recognised as a fogbank. Among the wonders recorded in the reign of William Rufus, it is said that on a night in 1095 the stabs seemed falling, like a shower of rain from heaven to earth, or, ac cording to the chronicle of reins were driven like dust before the wind, A tradition is recorded as prevailing in Thessaly that on a certain night in August the heavens were opened and burning torches were seen through ths aperture. These are clearly but highly colored accounts, by persons of limited knowledge of natural phenomena, of speci ally brilliant displays of shooting stars. The last corresponds with the August meteors. Bartholin, in his 44 History of Anatomy," speaks of a patrician lady of Yerona, Catherine, wife of John Franciscus Rambuldus, whose skin spabkled with fibe when slightly touched. 41 This noble lady," he says, " the Creator endued with so stupendous a dignity and prerogative of nature, that as oft as her body was but lightly touched with linen, sparks flew out plentifully from her limbs, apparent to her domestic servants, as if they had beeu struck out of a flint, accompanied also with a noise that was to be heard by all. Oftentimes, when she rubbed her hands upon the sleeve of her smock that contained the sparks within it, she observed a flame with a tailed ray iunning about, as fired ex halations are wont to do. . . . This fire was uot to be seen, but in the dark or in the night, nor did it burn without itself, though combustible mat ter was applied to it. This description of electric sparks is such as would be given by a person who saw the phenomenon ior the first time and was ig norant of its cause. The same appearance is some times seen by persons of the present generation, when divesting themselves of tight-fitting under clothing, and especially when combing their hair with a vulcanite comb ; but probably it shows it self only with persons of peculiar constitution. It is hardly necessary to advert to the part which comets have played in the annals of supernatural manifestations. In classic times, however low the state of knowledge may have beeu in other depart ments of physical science, the celestial bodies were never without intelligent observers, and the ancient astronomers no doubt acknowledged comets as hav ing their place in the planetary of sidereal economy. But this knowledge was confined to the learned ; to the common people, comets were cha riots of fire conveying departed heroes to the abode of demigods. A splendid comet luckily appeared after the death of Julius Csssar, and confirmed his title to divine honors. In the dark ages, comets were celestial portents, presages of revolution or pestilence. Throughout the sixteenth and seven teenth centuries, it was accounted a profane seep- tism to attribute their appearance to natural causes and even as late as the beginning of the eighteenth century, we find an intelligent writer on the na tural curiosity of the world adopting the view that these bodies are not allowed to appear except with the special permission of Divine providence, for a specific purpose, in opposition to the theories of as tronomers, who are twitted with assigning long periods to the orbits of comets in order that the predictions of their re-appearance may not be falsified in the life-time of the persons making them. 