SCIENTIFIC NOTES. Dr. Philpso», in a German scientific journal, advocates the «se of sugar as a beneficial article of food. A soldering fluid composed of a teaspoonful of chloride of eine, dissolved in two ounces of alcohol, will not mst and tarnish, and has no bod smell. 'I'lie discovery of a network of so-called can ile upon the planet Uara by Schiaparell several years ego baa been confirmed this year by observer*.both in .England and Italy. A btw'theory, propounded by Ludovic Bretinj as to'tue formation of coal, ia that it is produced by the sinking of floating islands like those which now occur on many lakes and rivers. These islands aro composed chiefly of turf, which being swallowed up by water, becomes fossilized at the bottom. Of interest to engineers is a tell-tale paint, the invention of an Englishman. If the bearings of the engine are covered with this Eaint, the abnormal colour of which is a rilliant red, and such bearings run hot, the Saint will darken in colour, until at 180 deg. ahrenheit it is quite brown. As the paint cools it recovers it« original hue. An automatic perforating attachment for Erioting presses has been paten ted. Its object to provide for printing presses a device for perforating paper in the operation of printing, which will be rahed up into position to be engaged by the paper while the paper is being printed, and will be dropped down below the surface of the type when the former is inked. The invention consists in a hollow rule, con- taining a serrated cutter, mounted on scries of links to give it a parallel motion, and in the combination therewith of an angled lever, pivoted in the hollow rule, and arranged to be engaged by the yielding contact carried by the plates of the press. Trial has just been made at the Clifton Colliery, Nottingham, of a ne>r light, which, it is thought, will be likely to be largely used for illuminating large open spaces, pit banks, quarries, ile. The lamp, a Scotch inveution, burning creosote and other camp oils, the production of Messrs. Hempson and Co., of Pye Bridge, Alfreton, is worked hy air or steam pressure, the oil being forced up a pipe in a steady Bpray from the cistern in which it is placed. When consuming two gallons of oil per hour, the lamp will give a light equal to 3000 candle-power. 'Hie illumination given by the lamp wss considered satisfactory by those present. According to the English horticultural journals the use of salicylic is becoming Îeneral as a preserver of fruit and vegetables, t is cow being need for the preservation of fruit of all kinds, fruit juices, with or without sugar, grape juice, cider and perry. Cherries, plums, and all small fruits arc placed in wide mouth glass bottles holding about one Vilo (2 lb. Eng.¡sb), without water being added, putting alternately a layer of fruit and one of sugar ; above this last halt a gramme (about half a teaspoonful) of dry crystallised salicylic acid is strewed ; the bottles are then covered with parchment paper in the usual manner, and placed in a water bath and the water allowed to simmer for fifteen to thirty minutes, according to the size oS the fruit. When cool it is advantageous to cover with a piece of salicylic acid paper. In preserving fruit juice the same proportion of acid is added. Apples and pears eau be kept for a length of time wrapped in paper impregnated with salicylic acid. A F AMPUL KT just issued in Paris shows that between I860 and 1885, the prodigious sum of £1,230,000,000 bas been raised from the French people in thc shape of loans, inde- pendently of £216,000.000 having boen added to the national debt. The cost per hour of the Consulate aud Empire was £4600 ; of the Restoration, £4720; of the monarchy of Louis Philippe, £6000 ; of the Republic of 1848, £6520 ; of the Empire of Napoleon the Third, £13,960 ; of the Republic up to the year 1882, £16,200; aud since that date, £18,200. A Boy, fourteen years of age, committed suicide ou tbe 31st of December last, iu thc house. of his parents, Hue de Wattiguies, Paris. Hie mother, haring been left a widow, had married again and about two years ago gave birth to another son, and the elder brother was so jealous of the caresses bestowed upon the uew comer that, during the temporary absence of his mother, fae hinged himself by meaus of a silk handker- chief. So determined was he to effect his ob- ject that he had deliberately fallen backwards, so as to ensure bis strangulation. TUE London correspondent of a northern contemporary says " The British Weekly, a newly-established religious journal, has caused a census to be made of the attendances at all the London churches, at morning and evening service, on a particular Sunday- thc 24th of October last. The population of the district experimented on is 3,810,703, and thc accom- modation in places of worship is 1,050,000. So that if one-half of the population wished to go to church they could not all find room. The Kornau Catholics and thc Baptists are the only religious bodies which occu- pied more than half the total sittings pro- vided for them at one service. According to the calculations made by the Britim Weekly about one million of people attended church or chapel on that particular Sunday. The chief items of this total are os follow ¡-Anglican, 530,329 ; Congregational, 112,841 ; Baptist ; 108,202 ; WesleyT, 69,938 ; Roman Catholic, 64,315. The list was made up fairly, but it cannot claim anything like extreme aocuracy, because it was impossible to say what proportions of the congregations attended both services. Thc journal bas at- tempted to solve the difficulty by adding together the morning and evening attendances, and allowing the surplusage of this calcula- tion to cover extra services at mission halls, fcc. The result is not a very grand display of eagerness -on the part of the inhabitants of London to cultivate, by public attendance, the means of grace." AK intelligent and trustworthy correspon- dent, says the Bolton Transcript, has sen t us thc following :--" The Brooke of woollen rags is a cure for the most dangerous wounds. A lady of my acquaintance ran a machine needle through ber finger. She could not be released till the machine was taken to pieces. The needle had broken into her finger in three pieces, ono of which was bent almoat double. After repeated trials the pieces were extracted by pinchers, but they were very strongly em- bedded. The pain reached to tho shoulder, and there was every danger ef lockjaw. The woollen rags were put on the coals, and she held har finger over the smoke, and in a very short time ali the pain was gone, and it never returned, though it was some little time before the finger healed. This is but one of many instances of such cures, some of them taking place several days from tbe time of the wound. Let woollen rage bc kept sacredly and always at hand for wounds. The smoke and stench will fill the house, perhaps, but that is a trifle when the alter- native is lockjaw, or even a long painful sequel to a wound,. Another instance was the wonnd made by an enraged cat, which tore the flesh from thc wrist to thc elbow, and bit through the fleshy part of the hand. One ministration of the smoke extracted all the pain, which had been frightful." A BATHEB curious cale will shortly be heard before ture tribunal of a German town, thc original cause of which is a rat. It seems that some time ago the house of an inhabitant of the town was invaded by a number ot rats, and to get rid of them the following stratagem was resorted to :-The inmate of thc house caught one of the intruders, tied a string of little bellB round its neck, and let it go. The rat, on regaining its liberty, went to rejoin its fellows, but Hie latter, scared by the jingling of the bells, fled from the house, and sought domicile elsewhere. As for tho one with the bells attached, it chose a neigh- bouring house for its abode, and it was this that led to the present lawsuit. The inmate of the house was awoke one night by the mysterious jingling of a bell, and unable to account for the sound, he spoke about tile matter to his family and household. Thc worthy people were extremely superstitious, and when on several succeeding nights thc tinkling of bells were distinctly heard by everyone, the only conclusion that could bc reached was that the house was haunted. Under this impression the servants quitted their places, their mistress felt ill ; in fact, to the peace and tranquility that had formerly reigned, succeeded terror and alarm. Ulti- mately ft chanced that the " ghost "-that is to cay, the rat-was otught, and upon the much-tormented family learning who had belled the creature, it was decided to bring an action against him to obtain compensation for all the worry his stratagem had occasioned hil neighbours, 