SABINA ZEMBRA. a novel BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " Macleod or Dare," " A Prixcess of Thole,'- A:c. (The Right of Translation is Reserved.) ' - "Yes, 1 will. I have come in 3'our own interests. I have come to consult your wishes. Relieve it or not. I am come as your "friend— why, how otherwise should I come; » iiv snuuiu i uumu «v-k Fred Foster's affairs except, for your sake ! think vou initrht recognise that a little. Well. now. I want to know what yott want done. Practically, Foster has deserted I betr vour pardon, he lias done nothing of the sort : and I will not stay to hear mv huslnind's actions discussed in any war whatsoever,'' Sabina said ; and she pushed awav her painting materials, as if, on the least provocation, she meant to leave the room. .... " Very well ; but the fact remains, lie said quietly. " Flow this is a very miserable life vou ate leading — alone, away from your friends, with no amusement, with no one to protect vou " That, at least, is true," she said. He continued without heeding the inter ruption : -And as far as I can guess, supporting a worthless fellow who never could earn his own living, and who ncverfwill Captain llaby, you come here as a friend "j '0i vonrs," lie interposed. " One moment. I ask vou to listen to what I have to say. It rests with me to decide whether your hus band is to come back here or not." phe stared at hiin in astonishment. 'Yes, you are surprised, naturally; but inch is the case," lie continued. " Foster's affairs are in such a precious muddle that lie dare not show himself in any of his old haunts. Very well. There is only one man in the country who is fool enough to 1 think of helping him out of the hole, and that is Johnny Russell : and Russell will act ou- my advice. SJuppose 1 say yes, and set some money from Jack ltussell, and square certain people and pacify others, so that Foster may return to London and come here also, what are you to expect ! Do you think he will ever be other than he is .' , Would you like to have him back I Would it he to your gain, do you think? You see now that it is as a friend 1 have come to you— to consult your interests, and yours alone." He spoke rapidly and plausibly, and she was a little bewildered. "But— but— iu any case he must be coming back here," she stammered. He smiled. " Without Jack Russell's help, I think it will be a very long time indeed before Master Fred will show his face ou any race course in England." u But, here — to liis own house 1" she said. "The wri tiers would be after him like a pack of wolves. No ; you may rest assured, dear Mrs. Fester, that we can keep your husband from worrying you, if you wish it. If you will only look at your position in a sensible way : look at it as any woman of the world would look at it ; consider what T/iiir lifft !« Fn hf» if Kfwfi»p pntnns b.ack penniless and desperate ; then. I think, you will take the obviously prudent decision of leaving him where lie is. Why, the whole situation is absurd. A beautiful woman like you — and living in a place like this ; the two things are not compatible." Sabina rose — her lips very pale — and Ehc grasped the hack of the chair with her hand. " I don't know — I don't know whether you menu to insult me. Captain ltaby " " I insult you .' Is it an insult to call a woman beautiful ? Then your glass must insult you every minute in the day 1 " " But 1 must ask you to go. I do not wish to have my husband's affairs, or mine, interfered with by any third person — least of all by you." " Oh, but really, now " " Surely, surely," she said, with indigna tion in her voice, "you will go when I ask you. You profess to be a gentleman ! " " Of course, I obey you," he said, as he slowly took up his hat and went to the door. "But please remember it is for you to decide. And you may change your jnind." When lie had gone, she stood for a second Irresolute — for there were still pr ide and in dignation in the firm-set lines of her mouth; but the next moment her lips began lo quiver a little, and presently she sank down into her chair again, and bent forward her head between her two arms outstretched on the table, and was crying and sobbing like a child. For she had been much alone of late, and somehow she had fallen away from the high courage of the Sabina of old ; now nnd again a kind of despair would seize her, and she could have wished to have done with this world aud its ways altogether — if only her child were asleep by her side. But if Captain Raby imagined that by simply doing nothing, -the could keep Fred Foster in banishment in the north, he was mistaken. Quite unexpectedly one evening Foster mnde his appearance at Wayside Cottage. " Why do you stare ?" he said, sulkily, to Eabina. " I'm not a ghost. I want some thing to drink." He looked itravel-stained and tired, and nis boots were dusty. " I am afraid there is nothing in the house," she said. "Nothing?" " We never use anything of the kind ; the girl has beer-money instead of beer, so we have noineed for it!" " Well, then, send to the Chequers — it will he open yet. Whisky, gin, any poison they have. Why don't -you keep decent spirits in the house ? Saving, I suppose — cheesepar ing — as if that w-as any good. Well, there's got to be an end. of that now. The farthing system has got," to be abolished." She went tc» give instructions to the maid servant. When she came back he said, " It suppofee you haven't been to your father?"i " No, Fred, I — " " I thought not. "Well, I liave come here to see that yon do go, and that you make yonr going worth while. There's to be no-nonsense this time, I can tell you ; it — » » 1U1 UUU3CU3U, "1 am quite sure, Fred," she pleaded. " that it won't be of the slightest use." I You've got to makeiit be 1 of use," he re plied. "I must have £200 within the next three weeks;; and that only as a be ginning." " Y'ou know it is impossible 1" she ex claimed. " I know nothing of the kind. But I do know that it (Aepends on you, if only you will put your One feelings in your pocket." " What cau/'I do, Fred ? What am II to lay!?" she asked, in a kind of bewilder ment. "The first thing you can do," he said, coolly and.inethodieally, "Jis to sit down and write a letter to my father, asking him for 50, If. you pitch the appeal strong enough, "you will get it very easily. Very well. I can put. my hands on the remaining £150 'J s soon as I can show a reasonable prospect of paying it back by instal ment? ; and it is for yonr father to provide that by doubling your allowance. That is clean enough, isn't it ?" "And oven if you were to get the money, Fred — " , " Well ?" Re said — for she lind hesitated. " Would.thing3 be any better ?" " 1 don't know what you menu," he said, roughly. , « Sentiment, 1 suppose. Well, it isn t a time for sentiment with me, I can tell you. And when there is a chance of my pulling through, I'm not going to lose it without a fight. It's you that have got- to provide the means. And that money I'm going to have." "But why should yon threaten, Fred?" he remonstrated — for his attitude towards her'was quite menacing. "If|Icangot the motley for you, you know I will. Don't f giye you every farthing I can ?" . " Oh, these paltry pittances are no good. J tell you this is a serious matter. Its my last chanee. And if I miss it, then I'm off to America or Australia, and that's the last you 11 see of me." Here the girl came back from the Chequers, nnd Foster, having mixed himself some drink, lit his pipe. ' " But I hope to get even with Raby be fore that," he said, moodily. "What lias lie been doing ?" she asked, v " on\y Rko the rest ! It's wonderful how you find out what human nature is wlien you're down on your luck. Quite use ful it is— -gives you such an insight. Here W uV DY professing to be great friends with inc. offering to go up' to London to sqaaro. up matters for me, pretending he bad begged Johnny Russell to give me a hand. Why, it was by the merest accident I met Russell. Well, I will say. he is a good fel low, if he wasn't such n fool. And then lie tells me that Raby had refused to take the trouble, aud was so kind as tu say that the country uir was better for uie than coming to town. Hut I'll be eveu with him yet." " I suppose you know Captain Raby came down here ?" she asked. He looked up angrily and sustiieiousiy. " What was he dmvii here for " He professed to be anxious to serve you." " By coming down hero ? Then 1 will tell you the le>.3 vou hnve to say to ltaby the better." " 1 do not wish to have anything to say to him," she answered, calmly ; "and 1 do not think lie is likely to come here again." The little maidservant now brought in snpper, but lie coiihl not be persuaded to liave any. Perhaps the simple repast of cold beef, bread, lettuce and water did not look very tempting. Sabina sat down to the table by herself. ' Y'ou'vc never onea asked about the boy, Fred," she said reproachfully.. " Uh, I suppose he's all right," he said, with some impatience. ' If he hadn't been I should have heard soon enough, I dare say. You know, when I see you sitting down to a supper like that it looks ridiculous and it is ridiculous. It is perfectly absurd. No one woulu believe it. Of course my father isn't as rich as your father, still between them we should be living iu a perfectly different way. Water ! ' Drops of crystal water ?' Not a glass of sherry in the house. Why, what do you suppose your people are doing at home just now? Your father at the head of a big dinner table, all tiie men smoking and nosing the wine, the women gone up to the aravving-room, and thinking it about time to get ready to go down to the reception at the Foreign Office. That's living. And you are of the same family ; Cold beef and lettuce 1 Y'ou know, its per fectly absurd !" " But we had plenty to- live upon, Fred, when we married," she ventured to remon strate. " Purely, iu a moderate way we had abundance of everything we could want." ' Yes, because 1 had a good turn of luck then," lie retorted. ' It was all very well then, and you were satisfied. But now, when the luck's against me— now you com plain." She glanced at him for a moment. | " 1 don't think," she said, slowly, " I don't think you ought to say that of me, Fred." " Oh, there arc different ways of complain ing ; it isn't all done by talking. However, that's neither here nor there. That's not what I'm come about here to-night. I'm going to bavn one more try for it before I skip across the seas, and you've got to help me." When she had finished supper and the little girl had come in to clear the table, he said to her, " Now, the best thing you can do is to sit down and write that letter to my father ; then I will look at it and see if it will do." She hesitated for a second or two. " Fred, don't think me unwilling to do anything f can for yon. But — but 1 would rather go to my own father than write to yours for money — " " Y'ou've got to do both, and that's the fact," he said, bluntly. " This is not a time for half-measures." She went lather sadly to her desk. " I must sec what lie suvs in his last letter," she said. ' He is more anxious than ever that I should go and live with him at Missenden." " Y'es, I daresay," Foster remarked. " Very likely. But we're not going into the catacombs just yet." She sate down at the little table. ' What shall I say ? " " Don't you know yourself .' Better not tell him 1 am here, anyway. Can't you ask for it on account of tlio boy '.' — tlfiit would fetch him. Or you can blame me for it — that will fetch him, too ; say 1 left some bills unpaid — that is true enough— and the people are worrying for their moiicv', which is also as true as the gospel. Anyhow, pitch it strong." It is impossible to describe the humiliation with which Sabina set about writing this letter ; but she wrote it nevertheless ; and although oa looking it over he grumbled that the appeal was not made sulliciently plaintivc, he at length forehore to urge licr further, and she was allowed to put the letter in an envelope, to be posted as soon as possible. i But the next morning liis manner towards her was of a much more peremptory cast, for he had now to give her instructions about the mission to her own father, and that was of a far more serious! nature than the mere borrowing of a temporary fifty pounds. " You understand me," he said, as lie was preparing to leave, "that I make you dis tinctly responsible for whatever may happen. It's absurd to imagine that n daughter can't get her father to bo a little bit generous to her if she goes about it the right way. Of course, if you stand on your dignity, so will he. If you give yourself airs, lie will he glad of it ; it will be an excuse for ills say ing no ; and he will save the money. Aud mind you leave me out of it. Tell him any thing you like about me — tell him I'm in n cancer hospital, or in America, or in Van Diemen's land, anywhere where liis money is not likely to he of service to me. It's for vou nnd the boy. And, considering the cir cumstances, he might be willing to plank down n good round sum to begin with. Everything will depend on how you do it " " Fred, I will do my best," she pleaded, but don't be disappointed if he refuses. Is there no other way you can save yourself ? It seems so terrible to have everything depending on the one chance." "There is no other way, I tell j'ou," he said angrily. " And, of course, if you go shrinking "and cowering and assured of failure, you will fail. Very well. I tell you I will hold you responsible for what happens. But, whatever does happen, you may be quite certain of one thing ; if i am forced to leave the country ; if I have to spend the rest of my days in Australia, 1 mean to take the boy with me when 1 go. So you just remember that." It was little he knew of the effect that these last words had upon Sabina, for he uttered them at the open door ; nnd without turning to look round he walked down to the little gate and was gone. (to be coktixued.) 