LITERATURE Original Poetry. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] A Fragment. CHRISTOPMUS. October, 1887. In the long lingering hours when Earth lies hid In robes of darkness, and the night has come To reign alone in calm sweet majesty, When Sleep on aerial wing has fled away aui given no solace to the throbbing brain. Of t have I trod the corridor* of Thought And watched, as from the tombs of Memory Ino ghosts or' long dead yeurs arise and pats In slowproceiwion-erstwhHe, Kings of Time, But now dethroned, uncrowned, andsoepmless; Hhrouded in silence and in mystery. Glide 00, ye Phmtom Monarch* of the Past, f & wlemu giaudcur! From the sepulchres lhat fringe the burial ground of centuries C*My rolling clouds and misty damps arise Whorein viviflc currents flash und dart; As meteors crossing the ethereal blue At dazzling speed—for one awift instant crown The brow of night with splendid aureole; Bo flush"* Memory's lightning thro' the Past Whitening the shadow*, 'till ull luminous The vista atrotches, and theoye discern* The half-fonf atten scenes, the moving throng O» old familiir faces: All that was But nevermore again on Aarth ahull be. With solemn Hteps I pace the paths I trod In youth's sw<«t spring, when inexperienced thought Pictured the Future as a pleasant dream And gilded life with rich deceptive hue; I hear again «of t and reverberant The echoes of dead voices in the air; And all the good and evil of long yean Is mirrored in the glass of Retronpeot. But what avails it, if we ever thus Httnd guziog down the misty aialot of thought And robe our liven with Mem'ry's fantasies f Time's rushing flo«d h-»s reached and passed them by, And still sweeps on. For who and what can stand Before the force of that resistltsx flood t \ All, ull. go down before it. Beauty, Age, Tne golden dreams of Youth, fair Fancy's halls,' The airy castles proud Ambition built Hwept at itM touch to cold Oblivion's shore. The mystery of Life hangs o'er my soul In weighted horror. For what shall we fain If by long arduous pilgrimage we reach The hig .eat pmniicle* of human thought.' •Tin but the limit which our faculties May touch but not exceed: The key of Death Alone can ope the gates of the Unseen. A higher gift than reason must be'ours JSre we c%n comprehend that germ of life Which permeates Nature, understand the Pow*r That rulcM ethereal vrindpalities, Hakes chaox worlds, conceives eternities. jKpuA lies the path, dim-lighted, and beyond— The dark Unknown: That bar immutable At which our thoughts in weak confusion pause And beat their wings against the gates of Heaven. 