AOTA POPTJLI. . , ? ? ? BY THE FliANEUK. .'Father, who travels the road so late ?' ? ' Hush, my child, that's the candidate. , Pit example of human woes, Early he comes and late he goes. He greets the mothers' with courtly graco, He kisses the baby's dirty face ; He calls at the fence, the farmer's at work ; Ho bores the merchant, he bores the clerk. The blacksmith, while his anvil rings, He greets, and this is the song he sings — How-dy-dowdy, how d'ye do i' How's your wife, uud how arc you ? Ah ! it lits my list as 11c other can, The horny hand of tho workiug-raan. — Gokthk — or Alfred Allen. Shade of the mighty Tubal Cain ! 'What a, happy Hallelujah time the ' pore wurrikun niahn ' had all to himself last week. Cabs rolled for him, beer flowed for him, the great men of the ' land fell over each other in their wild desire to hug him, even in his dirty clothes, to their patriotic frilled-shirt bosoms, and when the delirium was in full blast he must have felt as if he were going up to the seventh story of Mahomet's heaven between two ' hot pancakes ; while all the beautiful green-eyed liouris were pouring golden syrup and garden honey down his back. He could have had any thing he liked, from a horn off the moon down to a Corporation job, for the mere asking, or at least he could have had the promise of it, which ' in political life is reckoned as the same thing. ? Never before, since Captain Cook landed, was the son, of toil in such demand, and one could easily , allow for the sentiments of a very ' tired' old ?., shoemaker who, whilst gracefully reclining in ii : gutter, held up a post with his back, and ex V claimed—' Now, thish ish wor I calls th' c'rect , way to wipe oil' that blooinin' defishinsy. Wash , or country wants is t' hev ;i. wholly goo' 'lection ..time like thish ev'ry day in er year— Eay fur fV John Davies !' ..p As for the candidate himself, he fairly dis . tanced all his previous efforts. Solomon in all j Ms glory was not half the swell that he was, and as for jaw, he was fit enough to talk all the Tower of Babel workmen stone dead in half a day. Anatomists declare that if the fibres con tained in a man1 .3 tongue were placed cud to end they would reach 8 miles, while if they were all strung together they would be capable of lift ing 3 cwt. That\\- dl they kuow about the busi ness. I could find a West Sydney ' candidate whose tongue iibrea would roach from this ? r ? — ~ — to the North Pole, and if plaited together would lift the Town Hall and the mort gage on it also. As for the candi date's warm-hearted interest m his fellow men — wel], here's a little tale as it was told to me. A band of Trades' Union men were having a friendly confab on the pathway when a coming candidate walked up to the youngest man and said — ' Ber-less my soul, Mister O'Hooligan, an' is it you ? How are you, an' how's yer good old father, too ?' 'My father has been dead for the last seven years,' said the young man sadly. ' Indeed,' exclaimed the candidate, ' I never heard of it or I would have been at the funeral, even if I had to get off my own dying bed. Ex cuse this little weakness on my part (here he rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand), but the fact is I loved the poor old man. He and I were bosom friends, and to think he has now gone for ever. This mournful news will blast my life's brightest hopes. Good day, Mister O'Hooligan, you resemble my poor departed friend so much thai; I cannot bear to look at you any longer. I suppose you know I'm putting up for Eastby West-South Sydney ?' And then he wrung the young man's hand and went off, groaning at every step like a sick gorilla. Half an hour later the young man and his friends were unloading some tumblers in Keeshan's bar, when the beam ing candidate ti'ooped in, and having totally for gotten all about his former meeting, he gripped the young man's hand once more and said ' Heavens ! Mister O'Hooligan, an' is this yer self. How are you, and how's your grand old father, too ?' And the young man, looking hard in the candidate's face, replied, ' Father is still, dead, and likely to remain so.' Then tire candi date said, 'TTm/'iand the crowd said ' Yah,' and right there the conversation ended. Last Sunday, after the great campaign was over, I braved the seductive smiles of the Salvation Army girls and tramped round the Domain to feel the great pulse of the working man, as it were, and see if he still felt as happy as he did the day before. Strange to say I found him suffering from a very bad recovery, and the language he used when talking of some of the newly-elected patriots was sultry enough to warp a tram-line out of shape. This seemed strange, for as a rule the man who dines with, a Governor generally picks his teeth in public for a week after, but here I found that the toilers had not only forgotten the past week's joys, but they actually used opprobrious epithets when speaking of the great men who had hugged them to their heart of hearts on the previous day. One of the horny- handed, who wore his nose in a sling and had his left eye beautifully hand- painted, indig nantly asked a crowd of sorrowful-looking brothers : 'Are we any better off now than we was when Chinaman Dibbs was in ? Not a bit, for we've elected a parcel o' Calico Jimmies, an' th' like, an' now they'll make door-mats of us an' wipe their imported boots on ourselves and our families.' On all sides I heard growls from the toilers — not from the usual blatant Do main bummers, but from honest workers who now plainly see that after all our trouble and expense the fate of the country is still left to as bad a set of guides as it ever was before. To a great extent the working man has himself to blame for his present fix, for he threw over his true friends in order to support a cloud of claptrap gabsters, and scheming office-seekers. Catching haphazard at names, I doubt if there are two public men in tliis city who have the true interests of the working man more at heart than Douglas Young, and Sol Hyani, and yet it was on men like these — men who have borne the heat and burden of the worker's day themselves, and men who time after time have helped the toilers along, not alone with sympathy, but with hard cash as well — it was on men like these that the deluded voters shut down, and now, having sown the whirlwind, they must reap the storm. Parkes is our political idol to-day, but I don't think much of that either. The mob is the most unstable of all things, and public feeling is ever ready to dangle at Fortune's heels. There is a story told of Alexander VI. , who entered a small town near Koine, which had been evacuated by (.he enemy, just as a few of the 'trimmers' wore busy in the market-place taking down from a gibbet a figure representing himself, whilst, others were engaged knocking over a statue of one of the Orsini family, with whom he was at war, so that Alexander's efligy might be shifted from the gallows to the pedestal, and crowned. Alexander saw through the little game at once, but being a sensible man, he merely Avinked with both eyes at the crowd, and turning to his boy, Borgia, he smartly said : ' My son, you see the small difference there is between a gibbet and a statue.' One would think that being a Past-master of humbug himself, Sir 'Enry would be able to reckon our present admiration at its proper value, but so great is his maniac ambition that it pulls the wool over the eyes of his common sense, and he not only swallows but smacks his lips over the heaps of 'taffy'' that are now forced upon him. 'With the Orange brethren he is more than an idol, for he is a, veritable god; though that is a matter of small importance, too, for any sort of a god is good enough for them. Surrounded by his obedient ooHetiguca, his Calico Jimmy cohorts., and his Boyne-water slaves, he stands as a one eyed monarch of the blind, and he has already given strong indications that he intends to rule with despotic sway, and that Parkes alone shall be the Ministry, whilst the rest play the parts of puppets in his hands. What the people are bursting wide open to know to-day is what means Sir Henry intends to take to wipe off the Treasury deficit ; a deal of which, by the way, was caused by his own bungling. As yet the wily old bird keeps his own counsel, and contents himself by bluffing us off with vague generalities; but straws show how the wind blows, and I fancy I can already see the adroit little scheme he has in view. First of all, Sir 'Enry has suddenly filled his head with the notion that he is quite a handsome man ; one who can boast of having ' Hyperion's curls ; the front' (front, is good) ' of Jove himself ; an eye like Mars to threaten and command.' Like the maid in the ballad, Sir 'Enry considers his ' face is his for tune,' and I may add he has got all his fortune in brass, and ho now affects to despise all men who are not similarly favoured. Only the other day he taunted the recently squelched Dr. Eenwiek with the insignificance of his stature, and since then he has wiped poor little Lusconibe off the face of the earth entirely by alluding to him as a ' withered tarantula,.' In addition to all this, our 'f Brummagem'' beauty has recently had his bumps felt by a Sydney professor, and a descrip tion of the same was printed in a weekly sheet, and hawked for sale last Sunday. From this de scription we learn amongst other things that Sir 'Enry has ' a strong affection for the ladies.' The dear old darling ! In one sense he has, for th e thick under lids which bulge up and almost blind the eyes is reckoned to be a certain sign of amor ous propensities, and no better exemplification of this sign and its truthfulness could be found than in the eyes of Henry VI1T., as may be seen in his portraits, and the pages of his history. In Sir 'Enry's case the sign is untrue, I think, or at leaat his loves, if any, are purely Platonic. All the above comes to a climax, however, in the fact that Sir 'Enry was no sooner appointed Premier than a large, handsomely -framed portrait of his own sweet self was placed in Nicholson's music-shop window, and has been devoured with greedy eyes by persons of both sexes ever since. This gives me the cue as to the Premier's notion of wiping out the country's deficit. His idea evidently is to have 10 millions of photos of him self struck off and offered for sale to the world at -£! a piece. Apart from the bliss which the possession of such a ravishing picture would bring to city folks, and the gieat boon it would be to our country cousins in the way of scaring crows, the man who would refuse a paltry pound for a copy would be branded as a traitor to his country, and liable to be sent to gaol for the rest of his natural life, so that of the two evils he would ultimately choose the least, and purchase the picture. Warehouses and factories and other places where rats abound would take 50 or 60 gross and strew them round the rodent's haunts, and so our deficit would be washed away, our country saved, and the balance of the funds could go to the purchase of a colossal Bartholdi statue of our all too gorgeous Premier. This is evidently the game, for if it's not, why should the pretty picture be exposed, or why should Sir 'Enry embitter any poor photographer's life by having it taken at all ? When it comes to a matter of pure Arctic cool ness, I think Angus Cameron must be a lineal descendant of some of the men who fought at Thermopyke, or a cousin-gerinan to one of the heroes who defended Eorke's Drift. After climb ing to the top of the Kiama poll on the backs of Local Option loonies, and at once turning round and kicking away the human ladder that helped him xip, one would think that Angus would be afraid to look at Kiama again, even on a map, and that he would curl up in bed, and cover his head with the blankets every night for fear the oldfKiaina ghost would stalk iu, and send him silly by its gibbering and upbraiding. On the contrary, however, Angus is ' up again and at 'em,' a fact which proves he has a very high opinion of his own poweru of persuasion, and the greatest fail.h in the phenomenal stupidity of his aarsaparilla swiping supporters. After significantly hinting in his last address that he could, if he con descended, bo returned for any constituency from Fort Bourkc down to Twofold Bay, Angus coolly says : — ' My opinions are so well known to you by my recent utterances that it is unnecessary to recapitulate them here.' As his latest utterance was — ' Didn't I bluff those Local Option beggars, Weale ?' perhaps it is unnecessary for Angus to recapitulate them now. When that sprightly old defendress of the ' Faith,' Queen Bess, was alive, and wished, as Angus would Bay, to ' bluff ' her people, she used to ' tune the pulpits,' ae she termed it, and com pel her parsons to pound cut sermons suitable for the business. Nowadays, however, the tone of the pulpits would seem to be of the penny whistle order, and not worth the blowing ; at ieast such is the case here, for whenever the oracle is to be worked the pulpits are passed over, and the matter is entrusted to the secret working of tho Orange Lodges. Time after time wo havo been told that these lodges were run solely for the purpose of encouraging brotherly love, and endeavouring to draw the poor benighted Papists from the errors of their ways ; but the circular published in last week's Freeman lets the cat out of the bag, and plainly shows that they are nothing but secret societies formed to gratify paltry sec tarian spite, and promote the political and other interests of a few head schemers ; for, after all, the bulk of the Orangemen have proved them selves to be mere dumb-driven cattle, belted hither and thither at the arbitrary will of the Mokannas of the Grand Lodge. Properly speak ing, an election influenced by the Orange vote should be deemed invalid, because the persons who receive the circular arc coerced into voting by the threat of expulsion which is understood, and was plainly proved by the ' Poole' corres pondence which took place over the last Eedfern election. Personally, I am half sorry that old John Davies was hoisted out of South Sydney this time, for there's a heap of fun to be knocked out of John at times. This time he rode the 'rail' too long, and as a natural result it cracked and let him down in the mud a cropper. Advance Australia ! Once more the bound ing kangaroo has shown his supremacy over the world, and proved his native land to be the dry nurse of heroes. Having put down the English champion, Hutchens, our blacking-bottle champion, Charloy Samuels, undertook to wipe out old Ireland's claims as well., and this he did, by badly beating the straight going Tom Malone. Malone, however, did not seem to bo himself at all, and judging from his anxious, care-worn look, one would imagine he had dreamt of losing the match the night be fore. This reminds me that few of our athletes when training pay sufficient attention to their mental health, whicli is a very great mistake, for no matter how fit the body may be, if the mind is not at rest the chances of victory are very poor indeed. Though defeated, Malone is by uo means disgraced, however, and the hearty reception which he receives on all occasions shows the public know how to appreciate an honest man. As for our coloured brother Samuels, he has done everything he has been asked to do in first-class style, and. were it not that we are all electioneering mad just now, I firmly believe we would give him a seat in the Upper House, and erect a statue on that spare pedestal in King-street. Everything must go down before the candidate's claim to-day, however, and so we will now close up with the poet's song — ' Husband, who is that man at the gate ?' ' Hush, my love, that's the candidate.' ' Husband, why can't ho work like you, Has ho nothing at homo to do '{' ' My dear, whenever a man is down, 'With no cash at home and little in town, Too stupid to preach and too proud to beg ; Too timid to rob and too lazy to dig, Then over his horse his leg he flings, And to the dear voters this song he sings — '? How-dy-dowdy, how d'ye do ? How's your wife, and how are you ? Ah, it lits my fist as no other can, The horny hand of the working man.' - 