MISCELLANEOUS. From our files to hand we take the fol lowing interesting items The Queen left Aix-les-Bains on April 28\. Her Majesty made the most of the closing days ot her stay in that charming valley. The Queen's desire for privacy was respeoted by the inhabitants, wbich enaoien ner lo move aoouc wicn me greatest freedom. On one occasion a deputation from the English residents waited upon bfr Majesty, aud presented her with an enamel brooch as % jubilee souvenir. On Saturday, April 24, accom panied by princess Beatrice and her hus band,, the Queen made an excursion to the famous Monastery of the Grand Chartreuse. The Queen haB intimated her willing ness to patronise an exhibition of tbe relic of Mary Queen of Scots, to be held at Peterborough during the summer in connection with the celebration of the tercentenary of her execution. The late Baroness Betty de Rothschild leaves personal estates in England valued at £377,000. A gentleman named Doyle, who re cently died, by his will bequeaths to tbe Prince of Wales a gold-mounted cane and four drinking horns, and to the Priucess j of Wales a silver-mounted tortoise-shell casket, formerly belonging to the Isabella of Spain, and two gold bracelets. Victor Hugo's personal estate in Eng land has beeu declared at £92,000. The Germao Crown Prince has been suffering from a polypus in the throat. The wife of the American President baa secured great popularity in Washing ton. Her management of the White House is much extolled, as is also au in novation introduced by her of noon re ceptions, at wbich strangers arriving or passing through Washington are received. Tbe Queen of Hawaii has gone to Eng land to attend the Jubilee celebrations. Tiie deaths are announced of Mrs. Sale, of Brighton, sister of Richard Cobden ; the widow of Offenbach ; M. Hubert, Louis Phillipe's last Minister of Justice ; Lord Kinnaird, tbe supportei of many religious and philanthropic movement ; Mr. Alfred Montague, the srtiBt ; Ser geant-Major Kelly, one of the Balaclava ' Six Hundred and Sir John Mellor, retired judge of tbe High Court of Justice. A ghost' which had nightly tilarmod the inhabitants of Mrmbles Head, ou being captured turned out to be a man clothed in white, with blackened face. The practical joker received a sound flogging. The stream of emigration from the port of Liverpool is assuming dimensions of an unusual magnitude. Owing to the long-continued drought there was a great scarcity of water in some parts of Yorkshire. Much of the passengers' baggage sunk in the Tasmania has been recovered. A youth of 18, named Davis, bas beet, awarded the Humane Society's yiasp f'- saving a b «y from drawing at Newest 1- ? upon-l'yne. This was tbe sev.-utii li;\ saved by Davis, who had already received the. Society's medal. Earthquake shocks were felt in 1 1 ' Channel Inlands. In Jersey people wort roused from their slumbers by a rum«ii£g noise and an oscillation. At Guernsey tbe tremor of the earth lasted about thr. ? seconds. A youth who dropped a disc of kad i'- stead of a penny into an automatic m- chine, and obtained a cake of choi-j^lai.-, was sentenced by a'magistrate to rccei vt a birching. At Guernsey a woman was sentenced to one weeksUmprisonment, every alter nate day to solitary confinment on bread and water, for ill-treating a cat. Two men employed at Woolwich have been dismissed for betraying important information to a foreign Government. A widow at Cornelly, named Mary Francis, has just attained the age of 106. She takes a walk daily in fine weather, and reads without spectacles, Her mother lived to be 110. A fire, the orgin of which was both un usual and extraordinary, did much damage in New York-harbour. A leak ing oil-pipe caused the oil to float on the water, and a passing boat set fire to tbe liquid. The whole surface of the water was suddenly covered .with flames, des troying two piers. ? The young man Currell, who obtained entrance to tbe house at Hoxton, and shot his sweetheart as she lay in bed, was hanged in Newgate. He left a written confession of bis crime, which he stated was prompted by jealousy. The culprit had turned quite gray in the fort nlght between his trial and execution. Voile's Schnapps is the most celebrated Uinlo and attmulant or this or any age, Be certain that yoa obtain Wolft'f. 