The internal condition of Russia must exercise a most important influence upon the European situation. In constitu tionally governed countries popular dis content aud agitation tend to paralyse the. action of tho Government in foreign affairs, but where despotic or oligarchic rule prevails a foreign war may prevent, or at least postpone, an insurrection nt home. The reason is on tho surface. When a nation is engaged in a deadly struggle with one or moro of its neigh bors the unsatisfactory character of the Government is apt to be forgotten for the time, and the patriotic duty of over coming the national enemy universally recognised. It is quito possible, con sequently, that the students' e'mcute at St. Petersburg may givo an impetus to the warlike spirit of tho Emperor rather than act as a reminder that domestic troubles requiro tho full attontion of the Government, without tho complications and dangers of a foreign war. It is hardly likely that the intel lectual movement which has been initiated in Russia during the last few years will be arrested by anything short of the conces sion of large powers of popular control over public affairs. When the Russian authorities conceived tho idea of relieving the country from a charge of barbarism and affording opportunities for tho acquire ment of a liberal education by an exten sive olass, it was probably expected that tho result would be to rally the higher intelligence of tho country around tho Imperial throne. The effect of the instruction imparted in the universities has been to create an intense intellectual nctivity, which is impatient of any restric tions put upon it. It was improbable that education could bo made compatible with an Jionost belief in a form of government in which absolutism is only tempered by the grossest corruption. It is not surprising, then, that the student class has become more and moro antagonistic to the political institutions of tho country, and yearly more clamorotiB for a radical reform. It appears as if the university students had assigned to themselves the task of revolutionising the country, and the amount of moral force which they can bring to bear may be esti mated when it is considered that they number about 14,000 in average attend ance, and that they are constantly passing out into the general body of socioty, their placeB being taken by others who imbibe tho same ideas, and who in their turn go forth to add to the force which is operating slowly but surely on tlie denser minds of the masses. The seven universities in Russia proper had in 1883 605 professors and 10,528 students. Poland and Finland have eacli a university, that at Warsaw having 81 professors and 1228 students, whilst the institution at Hcleingfors had in 1885 a teaching staff numberiug 71, and 1519 (students. In addition there nro several thousands of young men receiving instruction in the higher technological schools; and that theso share the liberal opinions of the university students is shown 'by the news that comes to us this morniog, that the Military Academy, the Medical College and the School of Forestry have been closed bjr tho Government in conse quence of the great disorders which have occurred. The immediate eauso of the outbreak is said to be "tbe vexatious rules which " have been imposed upon the studonts." Until lately the standard of teaching in the Russian universities was of a high character, being formed on that of the first class universities of Germany. But the Government, some two years ago, alarmed at the spread of revolu tionary sentiments amoug the students, adopted severe measures for restricting the scope of the teaching. Science was ordered to be interpreted in accordance with regulations , drawn up by authority, restrictions - were.; . placed upon tho teaching of philosophy and natural science generally, and comparative legislation was struck out of the programme altogether. It- naturally seemed most improper to the men who "run" the Russian Empire to annually teach thousands rof Russian youths how in other countries of Europo laws were enacted under tho authority and with tho concurrence of tho paoplo who had to obey tbem. Not only was a vigorous effort mado to degrade tho instruction imparted at the universities, but the students were placed under rigorous regu lations as regarded their outside life. Russian students aro almost invariably poor, and have to maintain themselves by teaching or by tho performance of clerical work during their univoraity career. This gave them extensive opportunities of spreading what the authorities regarded as their subversive opinions, and hence the restraints imposed upon them, which had really in view tho discouragement of a university career by making it difficult for the students to earn a living. The continued endeavors of tho Government to doprive the students of tho opportunity of gratifying cither their intellectual or physical hunger havo at length resulted in the riotous demonstra tions which we record this morning. There are many points of resemblance between the present condition of Russia and that of France a hundred years ago, whon the groat Revolution was impend ing. There was tho same thirst for knowledge on the part of classes which had remained contentedly ignorant for ages, the same eager desiro to spread tho information obtained, aud tho like, tendency to question the authority of irresponsible rulers. A revolutionary convulsion in Russia at tho present time would not be unwelcome to several States whose peace is threatened by the organised military brigandage which oppresses tho Russian people and is a continual source of anxiety to a greatpart of Europe aud Asia. But tho chauge, although certain to come, may bo con sidered as yet ' a long way' off. The bulk of the 106,000,000 of human beiDgs who inhabit the Russian Empire are still in a state of brutal ignorance, and it is only by. slow gradations that that ignorance can bo dis sipated, and a road opened up for the introduction of free institutions. The .educational process is going on, however. In 1860 only 2 per cent, of tho recruits for the army could read and write ; in 1870 tho proportion was 11 percent., and in 1882 it was 19 per cent. Still, there are ample materials in tho country for tho formation of battalions who will obey orders unquestioningly. It there be any failuro of fidelity on the part of the army it will be due in the first instance to the defection of the officers. It is sugges tive that the pupils of the Military Academy aro amongst those protesting agaiiiBt the restrictions placed upon the students, and those youths are the future officers of the Russian armies. Even the existing race of officers share to a large extent tho constitutional aspirations of their juniors, the severe punishment of whom for venial offences has boen recently protested against by officers of all ranks. Sir Henry Parses possesses ono of the qualities of a great commander. He can beat a masterly retreat, or, bb the author of the Orpheus C. Kerr Papers expresses it, ably accomplish "a strategic " movement to tho rear." On various occasions in tho past, when he has found himself completely baffled and overborne in Parliament, and left without support in the country, be has surprised friend and foe alike by tho facility with which tic has slipped out of sight altogether, and left behind him only a vacant soat. At one time so complete was his self-effacement, so thoroughly did he seem -to have given up tho ghost, politically speaking, that when he re-ap- p eared in the arena ho was welcomed as onerisen from. the dead, and "Back From " the Tomb" proved a serviceable heading to newspaper articles. His latest examples of power of retrogression aro furnished by his dealings with his two pet pro jects of building a State House and renaming the colony. Both of them were opposed by the Press, and met with little favor from the public, but tho more they were abused the stronger grew the Parkes liking for them, until the moment arrived when their sacrifice beoamo a necessity, and they were dexterously shelved. The corner stone of the State House was to have been laid on the 26th January, 1888, the hundredth anniversary of the day upon which tbe first ship load of colonists landed at Botany Bay. Prizes wore offered for designs of this magnificent structure, which was to partake of the nature of a Walhalla and a Mausoleum — a place whore livo heroes might be publicly thanked and crowned with laurel, and dead ones could be brought to have their remains triumphantly interred. Tho limit of its cost was to be £150,000, but experts estimated tho outlay needed to carry out tho cheapest of the prize designs nt £334,500, and the dearcBtat £789,000 — a goodly sum to be furnished by a colony which has fallen some millions in arrears, and whose Treasurers evince a continuous gonius for accumulating deficits. The idea ha6 at length become too grotesque in the public estimation for longer serious advocacy, and Sir Henry has retired from it with characteristic adroitness. Parlia ment has adjourned until February, and lie has promised that nothing further shall be done in .regard to this Centennial monument during tho Centennial celebra tion—a postponement which may be con sidered as sholving tho thing until tbe next centenary. The relinquishment of the ambitious title of "Australia" for his oolony has been managed with similar diplomaoy. Sir Henry iB not inclined to givo way, not he, because the people of the other colonies object to his appropriating a portion of their property. At the same time, when questioned, just beforo the .Assembly adjourned, last Friday morning, as to what he intended doing, his answer was "Nothing." In the correspondoncc which had taken place between himself and Mr. Gillies an important question of constitutional propriety had cropped up, compared with which the renaming of the colony was a mere bagatelle. Tho atten tion of tho Secretary of State would bo directed to this grave problem, and in tho meantime New South Wales would have to rest content with the familiar indication at the foot of her letters of N. S. W. When asked where he is going, Sir Henry Parkea is so accustomed to furnishing the memorable reply, " bock agen," given by the Scotch man who was caught furtively advancing on a neighbor's orchard, that the situation - has ceased to be troublesome in his eyes. If, however, the. maxim of the French diplomatist be true, and in public life a blunder is- worse than a crime, the tacti cian at present" koldingthe- helm of tire New South Wales ship of.3tate has much to answer for. < AJ timely papor by Dr. Griffith on tho treatment of the insane, published in : the current number of the Australian Medical Journal, reminds us what a conspicuous part the vis inertiic or rosisting power of inaotivity plays in tho meohanism of a State department. So. long a time has clapscdeince the publication of the Report of the Royal Commission on- Lunacy, of Which Mr. Zox was ohairman, that it requires an effort of memory to recall the ' fact that among othor useful work it did was to condemn the existing Barrack principle upon which Asylums like tho Kcw Institution are con structed, and to recommend tho adoption of tho Cottage System. Wo havo had two Governments in powor since that date, but neither of them has had tho courago to undertake a reform that after all does notjaffect the constituencykof any particu lar member, and to which, therefore, no yoto of want of confidence is tacked. Tho majority of tho experts whom the com mission examined gave an unqualified opinion that it waB impossible to euro the unhappy people who are immured in these vast prisons, and all that was really done with them ia to isolate them, and prevent them from injuring them selves or their neighbors. The associa tions of the place retarded recovery ex- oept in rare cases, and operated as a wet blanket upon the zeal of any medical man who was tempted to ; takol a psychological interest in the study. Dr. Griffith con firms Hub testimony out of his own experience, acquired iu tho asylums of tho old country. He says that tho barracks iu. question are practically houseB of detention, and not hos pitals for tho rational treatment of pationts suffering from the most subtle aud evasive disease known to scionce. Tho superintendent very soon ceases to be a doctor, and becomea the mere administrator of tho rules and traditions of the plaoe, or house-steward iu point/>f fact ; and one consequence is, of course, the rapid accumulation of incurable cases. Tho remedy that Dr. Griffith would apply to this undesirable state of things is the establishment of two or three hoBpitalB in different parts of tho oolony, which should be practically private hospitals or retreats; but in tho hands of tho Government, and not of private individuals. In the few private hospitals of this type iu England it seems that the reoovery 'rate is very much larger than it is in the Barrack Asylums. And the reason iB because the patients are treated indi vidually for tho disease from which they suffer, and are not merely loft to tho care of the warders. During the last year the proportion of recoveries in the oountry asylums was only 38, while in the private institutions, such as Barn- wood House, Gloucester,-' it rose to 52 per cent. According to his account Barnwood House is a convalescent hotel, mado to accommodato 150 natienta of both sexes, with luxuriously fitted up drawingrooms and bodrooms to match, aud standing in ample recreation grounds. The weekly average costi por head was £1 13s. 9d., and the average weekly receipts £2 9s. 5d., so that the institu tions are not only self-supporting, but they yield a surplus after paying expenses. The Government give a grant, which is largely increased by the subscriptions of private individuals. Of course nothing could be expected from mere paupers, who would have to be supported entirely by State aid, with . or . without a local rate ; but Dr. Griffith is of opinion that our State asylums are crowded with patients whoBe frionds could afford to pay a trifle towards their maintenance, and that'to this class of patients the private hospital would prove an invaluable boon. At present there is no intermediate refuge to which they can go between their own homes and the huge receptacles which tho Government provides for them, and whioh aro incompatible with anything like scicntifio treatment. Tho result is that they remain a . burden on their friends, or more probably on the taxpayers, till a lingering death relieves all parties. The typo of State hospital that Dr. Griffith would substitute for these huge gaols would combino all the curative advantages of the private asylum, nnd would cficapo tho objections that apply to proprietary institutions. After tho discussion that followed the reading of his Paper on the subject, a resolution was adopted urging upon tho Legislature tho expediency of amonding the Lunacy Act in this direction ; but with tho fate of tho report of tho Lunacy Commission staring him in the face, he muBt be a very sanguine man who expects to find a Government sufficiently in earnest to givo effect to it. 