I TALES AND SKETCHES. S "I'LL TELL THEE, DICK, WHERE ' HAVE BEEH." B Wtmrx it v ARTHUR PATERSON. ehtkd by WALTER BESANT. Rises oi' ' all South and Conditions of 7l' kaviii.T of Man," " Ciiiluukn B 6 1 Giittox,' The Holy Rosb," &c.;, &c.; B uupiei I.— How I Fiiist >Iet Mike Alison. I .-I,?, was Tioiliug, tbo beaus wore ready, I reijr " Was 'r'et' a 'uru >uPPer was I J'rSl fi"een minut3 cinca I had trudged i. ' ,"c Bn ®'Dpty shanty, desperately I 7,1 f'T "»Mr«Wy tired. Before 1 could I J.ik"e.u Cirfa,ia'iie bad to be kiudled ou a I A.... 10 w'nd blowing in tbo wrong B i»,i »'011 ' ?r<4n cc®<0 berries lind io be roasted B tm ?"""" > aud dried bncun and black Mexi- B coo.,!,!?5 i bo couverted into an eatable B fa 0 b'e assistance of the frying I ZiT 0n8- 'be smoke from tho drift B aiitn.it ' ? ' S'1 nlc cou£bing for fivo minutes B l of, tcr'nL:sion' :lt but found its way out B itdtrnfV 'be bacon and beans frizzled 8 ilieJ lun llS I'basautly as black beans and 1 f.-eleitlfS. 0lUh 8WiuB e'abcrs that 3 Pt&Mfni1; ttle "'ieTnctlon that comes of 1 ib pleasant sfd"" We tmV I Kcwvilv; 0 ,ter end of August, in I the da v nl) H r most Pcaccfui tirno of 1 There T« L C Desl "M'b of the year, i lulls of ik« f?"i m u«ust among the foot- B laL 1 ,i The terrific I e Sl "" :rSt0"lw af J"«r. «ith great ! CZuat a e'..Wft!,,iUg "n 0UUCU "U(I I «er Til/a. . w ''erce sultry beat, are 9 tal/tor a WI" 6UQ h?8 5li" Srcut power, but I "e te!rcshineWUt' I? Jay' luul ttic uiB,U6 S berJer whon '"wmucli that the I '"elhosonndMt 60? ' Pre,6nUy droPs I "%from th- 1 a"d sweetest. slumber, begin- I Ibeaiiinm __®ment whon his head touches 1 be IhstJiiL-K 1 t0 wa at iniduight, to I Pl«eIor , nif6® . not loft bedding 1 Hose 0(>clumal ramble. ' " b 1 McrmTeta'o tV'l. on.«:i m0'» July to I F«e; this «.fi 0UJOy ">/ supper in I "bichlhig i»ff wcerlnin that my sheep, 3 too. w.r j 0 'be westward halt an 1 «rdj. With ik w.eadinB ">eir way homc- I ' climbed i„ it, 7? '-v 'bide of ahuogry man ! 1 tinS ot .K„ ,PO f " llouuJ Mound," I eUsdiag ilanK ' n. a bundrcd feet in height, B ? 'not of Ifh- w m,d(b0 r 'bo prairie, at I H'| The K.ral ,mT, camP house was 1 ""certain f» Round Mound a " — Supposed by ' soino 1 . PtlMVVs... a. — to have been erected by tho Indians, in order to mark the presence of water ; by others to be the mausoleum of an extinct nativo tribe. Be this as it may. the little hill was. a most convenient camping place, for at its base were two pools of water that never dried up, and on its sides tho sheep bedded most contentedly ; wbilo for miles around capital pasture of" all kinds, could .be obtained without trouble. 1 was glad to see, as I reached the crest of tho bill, that my sheep were little more than half a mile away, edging steadily towards me with low mumbling baas. There were two thousand — half tho "bunch "owned by myself and my partner — a like number bciug camped ten miles to the east, in chorgo of Mexican herders ; tho wbolo forming a comfortable little property of four thousand head. 1 paused a moment before descending to supper, to take a bird's eye Tiow of the prospect. I am not, as a general rule, much affected by scenery ; but I do not think 1 liavo ever stood on tho Round Mouad, no matter how urgent tho business which I had beforo me might be, without lingering a few- moments. From this place I could see nearly every phase of scenery characteristic of the plaius. To tho north and cast lay. prairie, endless prairie, in long "rolls," or undulations, brown in color, with only a tinge of green hero and there, where the summer rains had produced more lasting effect than usual, The grass upon it was short and curly, crisp 'as the hair of a negro, making the must nourishing pasture in the avorld, for it cures on the ground, and all through the wiuter remains as sweet as well matured hay. Southward for a milo sfrelched similar roll ing prairie land, brought suddenly to an end by Eagle Tail Mountain, ono of the- foot hills, a great tableland or mesa, with dark, rugged sides, soma 300 feet in height, covered with great square boulders of malpico rock, and forests of cedar trees and oak scrub. There .were caiions here, deep and dark, where you might sometimes iind'a running stream and toll piues shooting up a hundred feet: Then abovii caiions and' forests, lo! there was another prairie,- exactly -similar to tho one below: a prapie miles in . length, which roso gradually .until it broke'off to give way to a great cone of rock, bare 'and desolate, the crater of an extinct volcano, which formed the head and centre of Euglo Tail Mountain. So, slowly turning my bead from north to east, and cast to south, I reached the west, where lay the finest view of all. From north aud cast the darkness was hurrying up, for there is no twilight on the prairies ; hot the west still glowed with lurid reminiscences of tho sun, and below, pure .and , wbito as an. angel's .wing,' shone the peaks of tho Rocky Mountains. Beneath rhngo ' after range stood tho foot hills, fnlliug into deep bine shadow, grand and wild, aud of no mean height, but dwindling into atter insig nificance before tho sharp white ridgo which towered behind, grnud aud unapproachable, 'j As I looked upon this view, vagno thoughts and fancies filled my mind w-liich I might have expressed aloud in a beautiful rhapsody had 1 been less hungry. I remembered in time, however, that my supper was gettiug cold, and refrained. But, at this moment, 1 taw something which made ino whistle aud exclaim softly to mysolf. Half- a mile or so to the west were three horsemen approaching in the direction of the ltonnd Mouud at a steady gallop. Anyoue who has crer lived in sheep camp will uudeistand my excitement at the prospect of visitors. I had boen " batching " alone for two months j during this time my partner visited me forfive miuutcs each' tiino ou six separate occasions, and ho was the only living soul I had seeu since I left the home rauclie in June. Some men have better luck ; but I was ou tho outskirts of the settlement, with no road or track nearer than two miles, aud living in a little "dug out" scooped out from the Round Mound, the whereabouts of which it was difficult to dis cover, except when the sheep were singing their evening hymn. Taking all this into consideration, together with the fact that Ihis was my first experience of camp life, the most unsympathetic reader will uuderstand the delight with which I an- cipated the nrrivalof these strangers. I went down tho bill at a ruu, narrowly escap ing a biokcu neck amoug the loose stones ; dived in'o the hut formy revolver— for Western eti quette must bo observed — nud then walked to ward the approaching horsemen, feeling inclined to welcome them with a hearty cheer. Happily, I remembered in timo, though I was still young to Western manners, that their reply to such a greeting might probably bo a rifle bullet, as the ouly explanation of conduct which, to their minds, would seem dangerous insanity. As my visitors came clearly into view, my jovousoxpectations began tochaiigo to extreme curiosity. They wore no bats nnil no boots ; their ponies had no saddles, and their only reins were rough halters of rope. Before they reached mo they slackened speed, ami dropped into singlo file. I noticed, now, that their heads were bent wearily forward, aud that tlioro were 6treaks of blood on tbo bare feet of the foremost. Before I could see more bo briefly accosioiime. » How far d'you reckon we are from btocx- ton ?" "Ten miles." .if. Ho gavo a suppressed sigh, anc. turned to ms companions. n 41 1 guesseil it was about that, boys. siderublo pull, you see, yet— worse luck 1' They nodded in silent assent, and looked earnestly behind them. The one who had snokou, however, had his eyes fixed with some intuutnesa upon ine, and I expected liuu to afk for supper aud a night's lodging, lo ' 3ar" prise he turned away with a enrt "Wo must Keep moving, boys, Butno noche> stranger A told waYe of disappointment passed over my foul. ii )> 44 But won't you camp with mo to-nigni Tho man had turned his horse's head, and was about to urge him forward. lie paused at my words and stared at me harder than before, his companions now following his example. Was thero anything wonderful in mv simple offer of hospitality ? " I ve not much to offer you," 1 went on hastily. "Nothing but bacon and beans to cat, and a blanket apieco to lie on. But you're heartily welcome to it, and perhaps even rough faro is better than ten miles on bare back ponies. What do you say ?" There was no reply at first, tho men looking at me with what I felt was unmitigated astonishment, though it was hard to account for, as all Western men are hospitable in c'atnp. At last tho man who had spoken first said slowly to the others : " Seems to me, boys, that this offer is meant to be straight aud square, and as things will be healthy for two hours at least, I shall get down and risk it." . And get down he did without a word to me, his friends following his example. The action was satisfactory ; but I wasa trifle disappointed, for though I had not offered my hospitality with tho object of boiug thanked, nnd tho men appeared to belong to a low typo of cowboy, of whom much in the way of politeness is not lo be expected, still a word of acknowledgment would have done no harm. My thoughts travelled ia this direction a very little way, however, for I had not gone more than a dozen steps towards my cabin, vrhithor I proceeded to lead my visitors, before a Yoico at my elbow said quietly : " Somo years ago I read a story about a enss called tho Good Samaritan, which pleased me very much. 1 didn't know there were auy living now. 1 guess I was wrong." . I laughed, and looked np, " Thanks : have you fallen among thieves, then?" " Yes — or Indians, rather — a domed sight worse." This was interesting, but somewhat in credible. "I thought Indians were peacable folk cnongh now." , , i Then you've not loft the Old Country long, I presume." ThereW4S a twinkling ia his eyes as he spokci thohgtrevgry step cost his bleeding feet a painful effort, v "I don't go by my own experience," I re plied shortly, "though I've been out nine months. This was what my partner, who has been hero somo years, told rae." "I see. Ay, rauche-folk do fake that line sometimes. We — el, sir, I guess you'll be able to open his eyes before to-morrow morning." We had now reached camp. I entered first, and unrolled my blankets. " Sit down, gentlemen, I'll picket your ponies out. Heres a panful of bacou and some coffee, which you can liavo for a start ; when I como back I'll cook some mare." My visitors nodded in reply, and promptly threw themselves upon my bed. When I re turned, 'however, I found all three busy cook- tug, under tho direction of the one who had constituted himself spokesman, and who, as he was invariably addressed by others as boss, was evidently a person of some authority. As I came in ho pointed to my pan, which was nntouchod. , " We're waiting for you to clean that out Colonel. We didn't reckon to oat your supper, as well as run through your camp. Come, set to, and then we'll make a start." I was touched at this — a consideration rarely seen in a hungry traveller with as rough an aspect as my friend, though I refused, of course, to tako ndvautago of It. A little later, when wo were all sitting round a smoking pile of crisp, sweet beans, aud making play with knife and spoon, as' only hungry stockmen can, I looked at this fellow carefully, feeling the more freedom to do so, as he rarely raised his eyes above his plate, and seemed entirely en grossed with satisfying tho cravings or nature. He was a man of about 36 years of age, 5 feet 10 inches in height, though looking taller by reason of an erect carriage and a very well proportioned figure. His clothes, now torn and discolored, appeared to have been of good stuff originally : a blue Annuel shirt, orna mented with beads, delicately worked into the stuff, nnd well fitting trousers of the best buckskin. Ho bad n large head, and a square, strong face, half covered by a black beard and -heavy moustache. The chiu, so far us oue could judgo from the heard which concealed it, seemed very massive ; the month somewhat wide, containing rows of wbito teeth. Later on, when I knew my man better, I found that in times of excite meat these white teeth gleamed fiercely through tho mass of hair, though, as a rule, his lips were tightly compressed. It was a terrible mouth nnd jaw, aud tho hollow- cheeks above — for the face was very thiu— heightened the effect. It was the mouth of one whoso lirst instinct from infancy must have been combaliveucss, which had received encouragement and stimulus — I write from after knowledge — as ho jouruoyod through life, until it had becoino a second nature. Yet, whea I glanced at his eyes and forehead, I forgot, tor a moment, the impression w hich the lower part of tho face bad given me. The forehead was broad and square, though the black hair above grew low ; and tbo eyes, sot somewhat far apart, and deeply in their sockets, were of a peculiar grey color — large, clear and keen. The brows were black, and whoa the teeth below shone whito— I am still writing from atter knowledgo — became a straight oven line above the nose, and at such times the oyos glowed like lights burning in soma dark cavern. A strange faco, full of queer contrasts. A face most most men would fear and distrust ; for the grey eyes, never at rest, wore a watchful expression such as one seos in a beast of prey. Yet it must have been exceedingly handsome before it became so hard, for tho features were regular, and the complexion a plear healthy Wo'finishei our suppers, and I retired to tho spring to wash tho things ; the nun came also and bathed their feet. Not a word had been spoken yet by my visitors as to tho cause of their miserable condition, except tho allusion of the black haired man to Indians ; but Western manners strictly forbade inquiry on my part, and hunger and weariness prevented communi cativeness on theirs. I knew, however, that after sapper I should hear what had befallen them ; and, sure enough, when we had con cluded our business at the water, and I had provided pipos and tobacco all round, my curiosity was quickly satisfied. " I suppose our present fix gave yon an idea that we'd been deserting from the nearest fort ?" began the black haired man abruptly, as he balanced himself on my three legged stool — the only piece of furniture in the place. " I shouldn't have blamed you," he went ou without waiting for a reply ; " we looked mean enough. However, it's not so. We're beon corralled by Apaches, and only by rare luck we three parted company without losing our scalps. Thero was another man, hut ho — he was un lucky." Ho paused hero for a moment to re-light his pipe, which relused to draw, and had to be laid aside until he had finished his narrative. "It's not often that Indians get hold "'of white men in broad daylight ; but we'd been on the lope for ten hours before we struck the ford at Grant's old place, 10 mites dowi. the Cliica- rceka River, and though it was only uoon, we felt just nbout dead beat ; so, instead of snoozing gently, when the horses were watered wo slept like so mauy calves. When we awoke wo found ourselves corralled. Fifty red devils in war paint were smiling at us, and half a dozen were busy with a nice warm fire." The speaker's eyes dilated, nnd ho bent for ward to lay a hand upon my knee. " Young man, you are frosh from the East, and I dessay yon have often heard talk by the mile about tho ' poor Indinus.' Wheu yon go back again just get into the pulpit somewhere and tell those pitiful folk what Indians in this country do. Here were we — four of us — not one of us so much as shot an Indian ia our lives except in fair fight — stripped as you see, tied up with raw hide (look at ray feet), and after waiting a few miuutcs while the firo burnt up, compelled to sit by nnd watch another man hung by the arms to a boagli of a trco over a slow fire of red hot cinders. Then — yes, then — tho fun began. Good heaven, the devilment there is in tho red man I" The narrator pausod to pass his baud across liis eyes, and I heard hiin murmur Boftly to himself, " Poor Tom 1" He then cootiuucd in the curt tone in which he began. " Yes ; I've fought the Comanche down South, and rubbed against Sioux and Cheyenne in tho North, but this is the first time I've seeu the Apache. I believe he's tho worst of the crowd, though it's hard to tell. I guess these cusses, however, hadn't been on the warpath long, and lost their heads a bit ; anyhow they got so excited with Tom — the men over tho tire— that wo were forgotten, and when I managed to slip a hand looso and cut the raw hide with a knife I had in a back pocket, we crept to onr horses unnoticed, and they did not smell as ant until wo were well on the track. That's our day's work." The man stopped speaking with a cough that showed his story was told, and again bent over the fire to manipulate the refractory pipe. I -was now feeling exceedingly uncomfort able. The adventure had beea described very simply, yet in a forcible way that made it se.-m very vivid and real. After a minute's thought, while the other two visitors puffed in silence, calm nnd stolid, and the one who had spoken devoted his attention energetically to my corn cob pipe, I began to ask questions: " And this occurred only tea miles off ?" "Yes." "Then, perhaps I may oxpect a visit from these gentry myself ?" " It is very possible." I whistled. ' Will they follow yon ?" " They.mny;" << And if they strike my cainp, must I expect the same treatment as your friend ?" "Perhaps; but it's uncertain. You're a sheepman. Tom was a cowboy. Indians liato cowboys. II they come , upon yon at all, it will be in a night raid, probably ; but there's uothingsnro. They may be thirty miles away now. Thoy may bo following here. This is n well -guarded scttlement.'nud as soon as we get to town tho, red devils will have to skip about mote'n enough ; aud so they may keep qaict, except where a. horse can be stolen without much trouble." By this time the pipe was cleaued nud in full blast, nnil the smoker subsided into a placid silence. I was left to my own thoughts, which were not of the most cheerful uature. Presently the other men gaped and stretched themselves. "Bovs, you'd belter nap it for a couple of hours,"' said the man with the corn-cob pipe. " The moou won't rise before midnight." " A pious idea, boss. But who'll keep watch 1 Wo don't want to be lit on again. "I have my pipo to finish, and will manage it with this man. You turn iu." Thoy did so, promptly. I watched them curiouslv, as each rolled himself in a blanket ; thon I glanced at my friend by tho fire. There was a vast difference between his bear ing aud theirs, though neither of tho others were ordinary looking men. Ono was a big fellow, with red hair and a largo noso, that had been broken at somo timoorotbor, and still had a ghastly whito scar across tho bridge. His complexion was of tho ruddiest, his lips full, and his eyes small and set closo together ; ho was, therefore, not pleasant to look at. But tiicre was a rude strength about his big bullet head and broad shoulders. Ho would be an unpleasant onomy. The third man was much youngor than his companions. He was vory good looking ; with light brown boir, which he wore long, and a curling silky moustache. Yet there was a sinistor look ia his handsome blue oy cs, a set and twist of the lips, as he sat silently by and helped himself to what he required, that sadly spoilt his beauty. I had not the remotest notion of what he was at that time, but I found his faeo lrauatiug me, and at this present moment, eight years afterwards, it does so still. I have never soeu another like it : I hope I never may. That evening, however, I thought little about the matter, for the man on the three legged stool was looking at me with a quiet, contem plative gaze, which scented to go directly down to tho very centre of my being, and come out finally somewhere about the small of my back. Yet I liked it. It neither frightened me, nor made me distrustful. I was altogether predis- posed in favor of this man. First, you see, I appreciated immensely his way of acknowledging the small hospitality I had shown him. Next, I was much impressed by his courtesy iu insisting that I should reserve my sapper for my own consumption, for it was easy to see that this action on his part was not approved of by his companions. Aloreovor, I had eujoved a good supper myself, and had heard just enough about the danger of an Indian attack to make me feel sociably inclined to ward anyone. It was not long, therefore, before we were talking freely together. Wedrew nearer to the firo and ho iped on wood ; filled aad emptied our pipes several times, aud talked on and on, ueither becoming drowsy, nor nuxious for repose. I have given, as clearly and explicitly as I can, my reasons for liking this grim stranger with the restless watchful eyes. But there'are always things which a man does that he cannot explain, and what loUowcd after we drew closd together in those two hours beifore midnight.! can give no satisfactory reason for. I can only! state the hare fact, that while the' other uen" slept I sat before the red embers of my i-ampl fire, and gave my companion pretty well all tho particulars of my past life, including some which; few of my most intimate friends in England', were aware of,' not forgetting hopes and plans for the future. And he listened intently, only' putting in a curt remark at iutervals, geuerally in tho form of a question, yet with every word, showing a quiet direct interest in the subject; that drew me on, almostin spite of myself. Just before midnight a curious tbnig hap-' pened. I had paused in the full flood of my- uarrative to scrape the fire together, aud my companion was slowly filling his pipe. ' " So your partner is au Englishman ?" ha said. " Which part of the Old Country does he' come from?" "London ; his sisters live thero now.:" " - " And how many has lie ?" 1 - "Two." "Of whom this young lady, who is coming- ont to yon, is onel presume : - ; "Yes." ' "I see." Ho was now-hunting for a suit-' able cinder wherewith to rekindle his pipe, -He! found one, raised his head, and between the puffs said slowly : . " You havo not told me her name yet.: Do' you mind- doing so ?" I smiled. We have been engaged two years,'' and were to be married in three months. Yes, I' would toll him her name. . ; " Laura Tomple. " " ; He started ; the burning wood dropped from' his hand, and foil upon his knee ; then he sat: perfectly still, looking at me with rigid jaws: aud wide open eyes. My astonishment may b<: conceived. ' " Good Lord !" I exclaimed ; " do you know ; her?" " Ho took his pipo out of his mouth before- answering, and I saw that he had nearly bit ten tho cano through. A colder voice, how ever was never heard, as he replied:. - -- "1 know London well. _ I am an . English C man myself, by birth. Some years ago I came across a family of that name. - It is not -un common. Is this Jack Temple, of Eagle Tail Ranche, your partner?" - - " Certainly. : Yon are acquainted with- him?" "By namo. Where are you going to locate?" "Near Smythe's old placo on tho El Gato' Creek. The houso is more than half built already ; I have six Mexicans at work upon it; now." "It is to bo of adobe, then. Nothing better in this country, though expensive to begin with." Before I could reply, he bent over the' uearcst sleeper and- touched his arm. The. muu sat up at once. ' " Timo to move, Pete. The moon's rising. Wake Kit." . . A light tap on tho shoulder did this, and my visitors prepared to depart. Those who had. been sleeping stretched themselves, yawned," nud made their way to tho horses outside, with a simple "adios." Tho third man- waited nntil they had gone, then gripped my hand with a pressure that mado me realise,- for the first time, what it must have been liko. to be held by a gauntlet of steel. " 1 spoko about the Good Samaritan a few hours ago," ho said heartily. "That was a poor way of putting tho thing, for you've given mo somothing better than charity. Wo shall meet again, I dare say, one of those days, and I shan't forgot that I have a debt to pay-' Adios." Ho went outside, and I was about to follow, wlicn ho tnrncd abruptly, and stopping back into tho cabin, shut the door behind him. "I forgot one thing," ho said qnickly,. fixing my eye in his queer intent way, his head thrown a little back as if he were criti cising a picture, and his right hand holdiug my arm just below tho below. " Hold you that, if tho Apaches came at all, it would be at uight You may have trouble, so keop a spry look-out when tho moon's bright. Aud,. above all, mind this" — hero tho grip of tho fingerson my arm tightened painfully — "if you got fast asleep some tune, aud only wako to hear: tho second whoop, and see a red devil coming, at you through that door, don't stop to handle; a pistol. Isee you carry a) sharp knife; use Mat, first on the Apacho, and then upon jobs; "self. It'll come to the same thing in the end, and will save you a bad hoar. Remember poor lom I" Ho was off, and the three men galloped away At a pace somewhat different from that at which they arrived. I leant against my door post, and meditated. IIow much of this talk about Indians was bunkum ? What a start the fel low gave when Laura's name was mentioned 1 I must describe him carefully to her. Why I never even found out his name 1 I bit my lip, and changed my position uneasily. Hero was a fine stato of thiugs. I, 24 years old, of sound mind, had allowed a stranger to worm out of me all my family news, without receiving one iota of information m return, except his adven- tures since the hour of noon. I groaned. What a inadiy idiotic, thing to do ! For all I knew, my story, with picturesque additions, might be spread half over the settlement in the next fortnight. A :pretty business 1 However, it Iras done, and 1 must hope for the best. At any rate, as I was very tired, and it was past midnight, the thing to he done now was to go to sleep. This I did, in rather less than five minutes, all recollection of the cheeriog and suggestive advice of my dark-bairel visitor having passed out of my mind. It must have been, as far as I can calculate, about an hour later — not moro — that I awoke from a confused jumble of dreams with a start, as if I had received an electric shock. I lay still for a moment, with my eyes shut, a dull, oppressive sense somewhere about me, that some thing had happened, or was about to happen, which I ought to be doing sometbingto prevent ; what — I coald not tell. As my ideas became blearer, this oppression of spirits gradually changed to vague terror, and a cold pcr-piration broke over me. Yet still I knew not what could be the cause. A few seconds passed ; then, like a burning coal dropped upon my forehead, came remembrance of the stranger s Warning. ' The Indians 1 And I was alone — quite done 1 Yet I might be wrong. I had heard no sound. It was fancy ; it was nightmare, No 1 Faintly from the west, hat distinct and unmistakable, came a long-drawn plain- tire wail, tho howl of a prairie wolf — the cry of the Indian scout. True, it was a long way off, but what of that ? I could not ten away. The only point was, ivhcther it might not be a genuine wolf. But this would soon be ascertained, for I picked up enough praire-lorc to know that, if this cry were an Indian's, it would soon be answered from an exactly opposite direction. With my heart in my month, I lay and listened. Five, ten, fifteen seconds passed. No sound. My breath came more easily; my pulse slackened its feverish speed. I even winked twice, thinking that I might really be moro than half asleep : and I was just about to rise and shake myself. When— "Crak — Crnk, Cru — uk." The coyote's short bark, with its concluding bowl, struck upon my ear like the knell ol fate. It came in an exactly opposite direction from tho first. I sighed, and tried to move my right hand. My knife lay a few inches from it, yet I was so much overcome by this rigid involun tary horror that Iliad not strength enough to grasp it. I cannot say liow long I remained like this ; it seemed to be many hours, though in reality it could only have beeu a few minutes. I thought I could feci fiDgcrs moving on my hair, and licar soft breathing at my bod- side. I knew the Indians were about me, and longed to get up and strike, if it were only one good blow ; yet, as if held by bands of iron, 1 could more neither hand nor "foot. At last my senses brought me one distinct impression: the crashing of grass, the soft, regular tread of ap proaching feet. As this sound became more distinct, I ceased to feel the fingers in my hair. My circulation began to bestir itself with even- breath I drew. Tho lifeblood coursed through my veins. My right hand was free, and I grasped my knife; the left hand became less numb, and the fingers curled joyfully round the hilt of my rovolvcr. As I touched the fumiliar wenpon, the deadly sensation of helplessness passed away altogether. I bounded to my feet and listened. Swish. swish ; the step was outside the cabin now. There was a moment's pause, and then a figure appeared in the doorway, liaising my knife, 1 sprang forward with "a yelL . " Steady there " said a quiet voice. " 1 ain't an Apache." ; it was uiy visitor with the black board. I am not very clear as to what happened then. A man whose nerves had been shaken as much as mine during the past few minutes is rather apt to lose his head when the scare is over. 1 have a shrewd idea that I fainted ; for I cao remember dropping my pistol, and feeling the cabin twisting and whirling about me, and then calming to myself upon my back, with someone holding a wet rag to my temples. Thoroughly .shamed to be caught in such a predicament, I tiled to sit up and laugh. 11 This is foolish work. I suppose my supper did not agree with me. I certainly thought my place was full of Indians, and that you had come to report progress about the slow" lire." ' My companion did not respond to this feeble attempt. "Are you better?" he said briefly. ' "Quite steady now, thanks; bow ridicu lous 1" " Wait a moment ; let me feel your pnlse. Ay, you seem to have worked rouud. I'll tell Jrou my news now, for there is no time to bo ost. Have you heard anything during the past few minutes ?" "I heard your step " " Nothing else ?" : " A coyote howl or two." " Ob, did you hoar that ?" You know what it means, I s'pose ?" _ I looked iuteutly into his face, upon which tho moon shone brightly tbrouuh the open doorway. Was he joking ? He did not look like it . " The Apaciic scout passing tho word ?" " You're right, " Then sharply : < < Arc you cared ?" "Not a bit." And I spoke the truth. I was no longer lone. Ho looked at me steadily, his head on one 'side, as it bad been when he said " good bye, - " We-el, my friend, then I must intonu you that about an hour lience, if wo stay here, this dug-out will bo blazing sky-high, and we — we hidl be simmeriog gently. Therefore, yon must pack up what you can carry, mount behind mo on Leone there, and strike slick for the settlements. D'you see ? ' I \- I started. Until this moment I had not fully I realised that he was serious. I D'you see?" he repeated. J " Ye-es. But — but what' will become of my sheep ?" Now that I was fully awake things began to assume a new aspect altogether. If my property- were confiscated, my life would not bo worth much to me. "H'ro," he answered dubiously. "Indians arn't very partial to mutton if they caD get beef ; but 1 dare say they'll havo a bit of a feed." " Aud about the rest? For they can't eat two thousand." "The rest? We-el, I fear they'll go off on the dead jump. Either toward the river or the mesa ; both, most likely ; dividing into two or raree ouBcnes. -su, u 11 uk 1H11"-1 1- bad business for them, but it can't be helped. Are you ready ?" I thought over the thing for a moment, and then made up my mind. "No. thanks." " What's in the way ? The pony won't kick ns off." " That's not it. I shall not leave my sheep to the Apaches." " But what good " \- "Wait. You would sav that if I'm strungup. it won't help the stock much. No. But not long ago you said a sheepman was not in so much danger as a cowboy. There's a chance that they might let me off. Then I thought of driving the sheep towards the home ranche, so that if I were seized the stock, with their heads in tho right direction, might get home in safety. I'll chance it, thauk you. You clear back to town." I was off the bed now ; all weakness had gone. I never felt better in my life. My companion made no reply, but silently- watched me as I opened a fireproof cash box under my pillow, and drew from it a packet of letters — the last Lanra hud written — and buckled on my revolver and knife. I was now ready to go. Wc went outside together. How quiet and peaceful everything was ! The air delightfully- cool and sweet ; tho sky cloudless ; and above our heads the moon, sailing clear and bright. There was little time to think of these thiugs, however, for I glanced quickly at the sheep, and uttered an exclamation. They had arisen from their bedding-ground, as they will sometimes on a moonlight night, and were steadily trailing off in long lines — towards the home ranche. I turned my face the other way, and noticed that a fresh breeze was springing up from the west. Bright moonlight, and a strong wind in our favor ; nothing could be better. I non- thought of the man who had ridden lack, at much risk, to warn ine. » Good-bye, sir. Don't think me ungrateful. But I caunot desert my sheep. They are all I have." He was mounted by this time; but to my surprisc refused my proffered band. 'I see," he replied gruffly. "And now we'll drop conversation. " It'll be the safe t plan. Maybe they will tbiuk this is in. rely a wandering flock, if they should hear the bells." » But you are not coming w ith me ?" Ho grunted aud turned his horse, saying, ns he paced off to stir up some laggards on the hill : "Good gosh, man, what sort of a hairpin do you take me to be, in the devil's name? Yon see to the left side of the flock, and I'll keep up the right. Vauios, now." Ho loped away, and we were presently in motion, tho camp fading quickly away behind us, in the grey, ghostly haze. On aud on — not a word, not a look — each walking at a steady pace, urging the laggards gently, and carefully guiding the foremost by the winding creek which ran beside Eaglo Tail Ranche, 5 miles away. On and on, until I could scarcely remember when the drive first began, aud hardly expected it ever to end ; for, the first excitement being over, a great re action of drowsy lisluessuess had sot in. Thanks, however, to the bright moonlight and fresh wind, tho sheep went on without stop or stay, now and then giving a gentle baa, hut mostly in silence, only the soft rumble of their many .cct breaking the stillness of the night. Suddenly I saw the vague outline of my companion's figure rcmuiu motionless ; then he wheeled towards me, and galloped up. " Look," he said, laconically, pointing to the west. Far, far behind us a red wavering light was creeping up, now rising, now falling, ngain rising, until it becamo a steady glare. It was my camp house burning. The Indians were there. We watched it silently, for a while. Then my friend observed meditatively : " Well, tho fun is over for to- night. Our scalp3 are safe I'm glad wc did't leave the sheep." ' ' How far off ore we 1 " I had lost all sense of distance. "Four miles, good. See, the sheep have got wind of homo now. Hear that ban ? Those wethers at tho head arc making for the water below your partner's ranche. And I must go-" "But you will come in with me?" I said quickly. "I insist upon it; you can't refuse if you have any decent feeling in you." But he only smiled and shook lus head. " No, sir, not to-night. Your partner will be quite awakened up enough by you aud your story, without seeing mo. Adios. I have not paid ray debt yet, I know ; hut I will one of these days. Adios 1 " Aud away he rode, without another word. I looked helplessly after hiin. Who was lie ? What was he? Why had I not asked his namo? Well, it was too late to wish. I must follow my sheep, aud retail tho news of the day to Jack. 1 should thiuk lie would bo somewhat astonished for once in bis life, cixarrek H.— How I Met Mike Alison the Second Time. I was mneh mistaken when I imagined that the simple unvarnished tale I had to tell would disturb tho equanimity of ray partner, Jack Temple. Ho growled at boiug roused up so early in the morning, it was true ; but took no interest whatever in tho identity of tho queer stranger, and when I described the misadven tures of my visitor and tho burning of tho cabin he only shrugged his shoulders, with a twinkle in his eye. "Ah — ha, Harry; so you've brushed against the reds at last, and had your first (astc of the bittcra of Western life. I'm glad you came out of it with your hair on ; hot you ran a tidy risk by sticking to (hose sheep. Eh? I told you that Apaches wero a mild race, did I? Well, so they are, four years out of fire. And now that I think of it, exactly five years ago Heman's ranche, over the hill here, was burnt i and half a dozen of us sat in this place expect ing that our turn would come before morning. But it didn't. It's a terrible nuisauco having the flock bundling home at this time of year. However, things will be quiet enough in a week, and then we'll rebuild the dug-out and put Jose in it. I've thought of makiug a small corral for the fine grade rams, which are due in October, so you will have plenty of work for tho next month. Then there'll be dipping and carting tho furniture from Trinidad to your place, and after that — dou't stand grinning there, you ape 1 Go aud cut some firewood. There's many a slip— and she's not out yet ! ' Tho next four weeks passed quickly enough. 1 was working " to time." There were 300 cedar posts, 6 feet G inches in length, to be carted from the Mesa, 2 miles away, where they had been cut by a Mexican by contract, at the rate of 5 cents pier post. Then three trenches had to be dug, 2 feet in depth, the width of the spade and 50 feet in length. In these the posts wero placed side by side, and the earth around them "tamped" down to givo firmness and stability ; and lastly a waggon load of loug saplings had to be cut from the banks of the Clukorceka ltiver, n mile to inc west of flio Round Mound, and bound hori zontally across the outer side of tho wall of cedar. One afternoon, in the fourtli week after I left camp, I heard a halloo from the house. Jack was on the porch, his arms buried iu a huge wash-tub, where some fiauncl shirts were under going a process of rough and ready scrubbing that spoke well for the stoutness of their material " Oh ! say ! Harry, have you seen the horses anywhere round ? I guess they arc < ft on the bust, as they've been running for a week. I want to go to .Trinidad to-morrow. Only remem bered it this morning." He paused to wring out his shirt. Tho drift of his remarks was obvious. " Shall 1 bring them in for you, and finish tho corral to-morrow ? ' " Yes. Hurry up ; you won't have more than a clear hour before sundown, and the deuce only knows where you'll find tho brutes. Keep to the mesa." In 10 minutes I wns in the saddle, briskly loping toward Eagle Tail Mountain, only too glad to vary ray employment. Hunting horses on the prairie, however, is like many other occupations in this world, a pleasant pnstimo to begin with, but, if not speedily attended with success, soon becoming a wearisome and disappointing task. I went first of all to the usual haunts of the ponies, but could find no sign of their presence. Then I worked westward, winding in and out of the foot of the mountain, scanning the rocks above and the prairie below, and wondering, as 1 went on, whether it were possible for the per verse brntes to haTC climbed tbo mesa and be feeding on the table-land ; in which case there would be a hunt before me of tall dimensions. The wiud blew cold and fresh, aud reminded me that iu my lmste to be off I had forgotten my coat, and that an CToning ride should not be undertaken in shirt and cauvos trousers only. There was no help for it, though ; these ponies must be found before dark. I pushed on faster, much to the disgust of my horse, a cow pony (that is, a pony trained to handle wild cattle), of mature age and experience, who, though he could stretch his long' limbs when he pleased at a speed which many a colt might envy, was much Worse to going far from the stable at this time of day. His anxiety to return to hay and meditations was expressed by a- passive edging round in the direction of the ranche, whenever he thought I was off ray guard. We were now abont 7 miles from home. To Ihe noitb I could see my old camp, and the wind wafted a faint' baa towards mo, showing that Josd was already busy with his supper. This sight and sound reminded mo of my last night at camp. It seemed far moro than four weeks ago. I had ridden to Stockton several times since, and oagerly scanned tho loafers about the saloon and the travellers busy with diuner iu tho restaurant below, hoping that I might chance to meet my friend again. But I had uot found him, aud, remembering the wanderiug propensities of tbo cowboy com munity, 1 doubted much if I should do so this summer. I turned sharply to the left. The ground fell away rather steeply.hcre, far nearly paral lel with this side of the. mesa ran tho Ghica- reeka River, a narrow silver streak with high banks ; in spring a turbid torrent, with the weight of the melted mountain suow upon it, and a place to bo carefully avoidod by (he herder with a thirsty flock under his care. The spaco between river nud mesa became narrower and narrower, until it wns a mere bridle path. The sun hail sunk to rest ten miuutes ago, and my chances of finding these rambling horses before uight began to look rather small. The prospect wns not a pleasant one, for I could hardly go home without them, and Ihe prairie is cold at night. On my left towered tho mesa, gloomy aud dark ; on tho right lay the river, a dark belt of creen : beyond, the prairie, skirted by foothills, the snowy riJge of peaks looming in the dim dis tance. I was getting tired and cross, aud relaxed my hold of tho reins to cliaogo my seat Iuslaully old Comauche turned his head to wheel ou a homew ard track. But, just as I was about to put him straight with some what unnecessary vigor, the old horso came round himself, and, to my great astouish- inent, began to step briskly forward, pricking up his ears aud raising his crest as lie ad" vanced. 1 let him go his own pace, aud waited patiently for tho explanation ot theso proceedings. Had we come upon tho ponies at last ? This was apparently the case, tor C'omauchc neighed loudly at tho moment, his call being nuswored from what seemed the depths of tho mountain No spur was needed now. With a long, swing ing stride tho old horse swept down tho wind ing path, and brought himself to with n promptness rather iuconvcniont to his rider before a narrow opening between two rugged cones of rock. A twitch of the bridle and touch of tho heel sent him through it with great quickness, and, after following a narrow track for 20 yards or so, I found myself at the entrance of a spacious csilon, I now 6aw the reason for Comanche's excite ment. At the further end of a large semi circle of thickly growing grass were some 20 horses ; two or three picketed out, the rest loose, all feeding for dear life ou the fresh greon pasture. Noarer to me a hugo camp fire was blazing, round which were lounging a dozen men, and at the head of the cation whero a narrow slream|of water trickled among tho rocks, was Another man, kneeling and busily scraping tho bottom of a largo fryingpan with gravel. Upon my appearance the loafers at the fire turned their heads, and two or three sat np and stared at me ; bnt none made a move in my direc'ion except the mau with the pan. He promptly desisted from his labors and came townrds'mc with a steady stride. It was now dusk ; but before the camp- master had advanced within speaking distance, I recognised my old acquaintance with tho restless eyes. I greetod him warmly, aud was answered in a quiet, composed tone ; but the grip lie gavo my hand, and his gloaming smile, were more expressive than n flow of words. " Out Intel " "Yes; I'm hunting horses, a suppose you hare not seen two mares in this locality ? " " A bay and a black, branded with a T on tlio near foro shoulder ? " " Tho identical team. Where are thoy ? " " In my bunch here. They joined it an hour ago." " How very lucky 1 Will you givo mo a nana to cut tnem out r i m learning ro riuc uy degrees, but am not perfect yet, my bnsincss being sheep raising ; and among iheso rocks, at this hour, ihe job will bo an awkward one." " Won't you camp here to-night and.cnt 'em out iu the morning ? Your partner will know that you can take care of yourself." While ho was speaking I sniffed a delightful odor of broiled 3tcak. It was au offer not to be refused " Thanks, I will.", "I should say, by-thc- by," he said hastily, " that we'ro rough here. Do you mind that? " This was amusing. What did he take me for? "1 hope not. It is true that I've not beon quite a year out ; but for all that I'm a Wes tern stockman, and not afraid of Western com pany." He nodded, and without further remark led the way to a large rock, where lay blankets and a saddle, "Put your gear here, with mino. Wo'll sleep together. Turn the pony loose ; he'll rim with tho rest ; then come to supper." I did as I was bid, and presently made my way to tho lire, aud stretched myself at case, while rny friend, with the assistance of two others — whom I recognised to be the men I had housed at tho sheep camp, and who nodded lightly in reply to my greeting— prenared tho meal. It was a good one. Juicy bcct-st.uk. eaten with Moxican cakes, made of dough ar.da mucu of soda, kneaded and pressed out to waici-iike thinness by the fingers, placed in (lie Sou on bubbling incited bacon fat, aud fried to a deli cate crispness— all washed down by ccffoe which a fastidious Frenchman would have fcund no fault with. After this, pipes and conversa tion. ? The talk was at first confined to the other men, the cainp-mastcr and myself pulling iu sileuce ; and it was not long before 1 began to realiso vividly the significauce of my friend's allusion to rough company. I had been accustomed tohearsubiccts freclr discussed round a camp fire that should he left alone ; hut thera was a keen aud brutal relish of sickcuing and disgusting details to night, which made my faco burn to tbe tips of my cars. I was pleased to see that my friend took no part iu the talk ; and I turned eagerly to him as he removed his pipe to ask a question in a pause of tbo conversation : " Been in town lately ? " : "Last wcok." "Auynews?" "Yes, they say Dempster's got all his horses back but one. Poor beggar 1 IIo's had a herd time of it. Twenty ponies taken in one night, and one a mare worth 500 dols. Ho had to go as far as Albuquerque beforo ho could get her." My companion nodded ; then leaned back comfortably against a, little hillock behind him, again removed his pipe from his lips, and observod cooly i " Yes, I henrd that old Dempster found his stable empty one morning. Kind of served the old cuss right, didn't it? " I sat bolt upright, and put my pipe away. It was a . subject upon which I held a very strong opinion, and which I now proceeded to ventilate, my oyes fixed steadily upon the burning log at my feet. "Served him right, you say? Well, I've beard that remark before, and 1 must confess I caunot see the justico of it a bit. Take for granted that he's a mean, grasping, hard hearted curmudgeon ; and that if be d had a a grain of right feeling in him ho would havo sent soincoue on his first horse for n doc tor the other day when his cowboy's child fell ill; yet you cannot prove it to ho right or reasonable that a band of irresponsible men should swoop down directly afterwards and rob him of every horse ho possessed." "But, if this were the only way in which he could bo adequately puuished, Old Dem is as hard aud mean as a Government mule, and rich as he can stick. Ilis horses are tho only thing he carts about— besides, utter all, yon say ho got 'em back." " No thanks to those who stole them, though. Seo what ho paid, and then, remember what happened to Jako Bluudell, tho County Sheriff, when he caino up to the horsestealers with his posie." There was a movement behind me. The con versation amoug the men had ceased. They were appareutly about to turn in. Somo had riseu to their feet, nud were fumbliug in their belts. All wero silent, and everyone, though that I scarcely noticed, was looking fixedly at me. ' "It, was tho greatest farco that was ever heard, I went ou, warming into my subject " tho behaviour of that Sheriff and his Thirty men, well armed and well mounted, all cowed and turned from what they had solemnly sworn to do, by a dozen, aud tho only excuse— a fear of tho leader of tho gang, Mike Alison. Tim man fazed tho Sheriff, I believe, alone with his men posted among tho rocks. Ftno courago I 30 afraid of ono 1 Yot it is said that Jako Blunaell was a Texan raugcrintho Mexi- can War, and iB as bravo a man as over lived. I can t understand it. Can you ? " "Wa-al, it appears somewhat out of tho way, certainly," he replied slowly. "But it is true that Jake's clear grit, A better sheriff was never appointed." aiLS w" > Atoid ot Mike Alison ? I said sharply. " I am astonished at b oaring so much of this man, u if ho were fho only oni in this part of tho world who could shoot. There s a reward of 5000 dols. offered for him alivo or dead, yet |,o isTTTT the mere power of his namo and room.?, 7 walk into a town in broad daylight n lo n word spoken or a revolver raised 1 ' l>i """ is bccauso I've not been out of Eimlan 1 1 ps ll but that sucl. men as he and his Dn„ lire a week unhung in the midst of a ableremmuuity such as this, seems to I now paused for breath, cxporlim. „ friend to reply ; but, inslead of his Lie there camo another directly behind Z. I ? iu tone aud hoarso with passion 11 "Is that so, stranger!. Thin, hv heaw-i when your tougno slips again be n. 1 ful who you're blatiin' tol " care. I sprang up, breathlessly. The i piuon log was blazing, and for 15 r. r around it was as light as dav within 3 feet of me was a tall man g cocked revolver in his right hand s knife in his left By his long, brown ha 12 handsoine facc, I knewhi.n to bo the vou , " of my visitors at camp, Kit Blosse 8 A little, further away were the 'other cati caressing a knife or pistol, though onlv Kfi'i was formally presented at me. AU were ,1 rag mo, however, with the impressive £ critical interest I remembered noticing i„ face o a pig killer at a Chicago hog' focto-v I when lus first victim was being placed inta position Of course the truth flashed a- my mind instantly The very men 1 had C so vigorous y apostrophising wero before me set my teeth, and tried to control mv Jf.,1 do the right thing: whichSt ought to have been an ample apology. Ami a tree tongue was not my only weakness- 1 there was something so rasping and' tea. tcmptuous about the tono of Kit Blose 5 despite my consciousness of being in fault notwithstanding the fact that my life hoo'ebr the slcudorcst thread that a life mav met per rose to boiling point, and no arelogv vji come ; only hot, hasty words. " Well, sir, I expressed the opinion for wild I was asked. I did not know what rear m. tession was. lou may go to the devil !" There was a general laugh at Ibis. A low quiet laugh. The muscles of the grim faces-1 looking darker and moro sinister than erea nature had intended, lit np as thoy were bribe flickering firo. light-never relaxed a hair's breadth; Tho sound which came from them was dry, and more significant than oaths. 1 Tho man in- front of me termed to am taller, as, with a smart click, he brought his revolver to tho ready, pointing the muzzle at my feet. "So !" he said snceringly, " Then we mod let go, I s'pose. Wait till I count ten, bovs. If he's on liis knees before, and ready to repeat the words I'll put into his mouth, p'raps we'll ; foigivo his blasted impertinence. If not " he concluded his sentence with a grim chuckle. There was an approving murmur from Ihe' others. Then Kit began to count, raising hit pistol inch by inch. " One." I shifted my position slightly. Kit stepped quickly forward, and stood directly over me. " Two." My breath came quick and short. I with drew my eyes from him with an effort, and looked round. Every man but one was hold ing a revolver after the manner of Kit Bloae, aud as " Three" was pronounced raised the muzzlc of bis weapon some 6 inches. The only onopassiro in tho matter was the man who bid befriended mo' at camp. His face was turned away, and ha appeared to he perfectly un conscious that auythiug unusual was guio; on. I felt a keen pang of disappointment. True, ho was but one among 13, and if he should . take my part might share my fate. Xeter- thclcss, wlieu 1 remembered his parting words a month ago, it was hard to be de, cried is time of need. " /bur." I turned again, and faced ihe man who spoke. Tbo first sensation of helpless ingc was wearing off. My nerves hardeued, and my pulso grow steady before (he sharp, cold edge of imminent danger. IVhat should I do ? " Five, Six, Ncmi." Ho was counting faster ; the revolver rising higher and higher, pointing now just below uy breast. Should 1 6ubmit ? It was a revolting thing to do ; besides, it would be of little use, if lbs storios I had heard of tho refined and identic!! cruelty of, tho horse stealers wero true. "Night,"' Yet 1 could not stand still, and he butcbzaJ like a calf iu a slaughter bouse. I tiieasarei my enemy carefully, and raised myself on lip- toe. I was 2 inches shorter than ho, but broiler in tho shoulders ; I remembered old college days, when I bad hold a boxing championship for two terms ; and I drew a long o«p breath. "Nine." , Tho word was spoken slowly ; aoi revolver was now on a level with my chin ; 1st ho got no further. With all rny force I sprang upon him, delivering a heavy blow on the upper part of his nose. My action was so sudden, and, I belief. » unexpected, that though Kit pulled tba Inge® of liis revolver, it was too late, and the Iwfi flew wide of its mark. It was a touch ana go, for the man had a koife, which he knew we how to use, and he was big nud strong; u was, however, excitemeDt gavo a force te ® J blows which proved too much for him. first he staggered, at tho second, a r'B , „ ou the lino of the jawbone, just below toe "J ho threw up his arms and measured his lena on the grass, Flushed with tho victory I turned to toe '«b then caught uiy breath, for elovon pairs o J were glaring "at me, meaniug busine-'si below eleven revolvers wero pointed si head. , Cruel: ! Tho report echoed nnd re ef with tlio murderous dang ; hut I if" back unhurt. Somcono had gr'PPclL®f r as I turned from scttliug with Kit Bloue. tripped mo up. Tho bullets flew o head. , „ i ia As I lay, half stunned by my Ml fingers round my throat, and a kneo OF chest. Thou camo tho click of a P1S'0' | Thoy would not havo much t(ou". .La was helpless in very truth. I kept and oyes tightly closod. Why didn J their business ? . . jot And now I heard somcono fpsw J b, abovo mo. It was not Kit's voice, M" m tono of tho man whom I thought had my fato, i. . ocor "Boys," it said, and oweeter nw,ie Tj wretch never heard— " there's been en0"4OJrt this. I liko fun, but wo don't want JJ'jfA to-night. Did you speak, Fete Worw' TTTlr'An emphatic dissent had my friend's iasl words, and I heard fcW'P, t „f camp companions chime 111. Ton don t know, Boss, that Kits "PrJrfn his face smashed in, any way ( the qniet reply. N. ?? ,,„ii very clad to hear it. It is rof'th .should learn that bully-ragging fjSSSS Have you anything more to was no answer. After waiting a few mr friend continued : "Tli I bor« there had been enough of this; i' m'slit It". 'I'llis is a freo country, and . hnsarieht to his opinion. Besides, (tTone h Bn Fo(o aml Kit amj myself Jlroiu'tlie Ar.ncl.es by the skin of our S olherdav; took ns in, gave us the best 'f i t to bad, and treated us as not another \ I n living would have done. So just re- wthi- all of you. It there's a mau here, or 'fvherc who hankers after the shortest cut Jill he'd better try to put a hole into Harry this boy here. HI tako caro he 1 generally keep my "lieiipon my throat slackened, and the knee „ Witbdiawa from my chest. Accepting the w I sot op. The log of pitch pine was now of red embers, but there was still light tj-h to distinguish tlio ligures of tho horso jj-rl The group was scattered now, two or ttiee unrolling blankets, the rest sitting lazily (he fue, as if they had never left it. I K%-d the crowd very little, however, iny te'hts fall of one thing only— the identity d the man who llad now Eavo 1 m.v lifo for U-tKODd timer He was standing near me, Jit ths moment passed rao my hat. I Ki--ed bis hand. If Iani to confess thetrulh, ttre was a lump at the back of my throat that Bjie » considerable effort necessary before I mil speak distintcly. <; Thank yon," I 'aid, " thank you for what pit; dene to-night. I don't know what to (IT shout it. There's nothiug I can say, except fet\\(l«i ererdo the same loryou I will. But fete is one thing I must know. What isyour rise? Hell you mine. Won't you return lit ronfeee ' I «s still holding his hand, but now he drew it uir, and I heard him give a short sharp ffb » Tes, IH tell you my namo if you like, fejh you'll wish you'd kept your hand to p-sslf." We can never he friends, Thornton. I attllik Alison." Carrm IIL— How the News Came to Stocktox. . So the man to whom I had given my fullest tzSdence was Hike Alison himself ; one who, u the phrase goes, "kills a man for tho pleasure of seeing him fall." This was a reve- laiica calculated to afford material for painful piston. Yet, perhaps, because I was tired ; psps on account ot the suddon transition ha the sadden extremity of danger to a feel- itgcf perfect safety", I slept the whole night tkre-ngh. I cannot remember ever passing a letter nighl than this, when I lay on the ground tl: by side with Mike Alison. I dropped fckep two minutes after my head touched tho l-ow, and the sua was up before I opened ny iits again. I expected a little awkwurducss at bedfast, and, in iact, not much conversation was pi in. I looked round for Kit Blosse, hut he unit to bo see n, nor was Pete Worral. For rosins of their own they kept apart, and tho ithu men made no allusion to last night's ioci- fet b As the last rasher of bacon disappeared, and tinea began to fill their pipes, Mike Alison taded one of tbern. "Tim," he said quietly, as if it were not a eainsni, but an invitation, "get on your per and cut out thoso two that we pled up last night. When you've done that, ops the bay horso with the T bruud, and briurr uhere." Is fifteen minutes my ponies (were on the tnr.e, and at the mouth of the carton I was Kikng Uinsnche, ready to go. Mike Alison W been as good as his word. I grasped his 1 «ly in farewell ; ho returned tho ptirare, and smiled. "Adios, young man. Well— shako hands hen, if you will. Beinember now what I said: fin? ,,shl with Pistolf. not fists. This is e c' country. When you want to lot tr-rv- 'T10 0l'ler 'hoot iiim, don't bak hia down. Adios." Aie tarsed and left uie. iv. 3„'lc,ai! br'sk gallop brought mo to um t. I 1 ''refer not to repeat Jack's lb a.ll, beard uiy adventures of vhi - 10U1 Ul8 ' '1'here are somo people i»1 1), J,r DCTer . '"p'ar ' a Hieud doing a , _ thing without coinmcntiug upon it in cna?n?7l btmakcs lli,u fcct liko 0 bear tb-ar ' ' I® . Ufr'cu il t0 ta.v ,hat 1 became m" ,a 4 !ot l1'"10- Happily forme, Jack ill hurrv! "V mo daucoi because he was ua hurry to get t0 town. I'licns' l'e' T|WaS " lcttfr for me> oh> erolt Wr j- , ! Ic rvas n letter ! tlfiM i '' ,ulaltcr Jack laughed and ,,| .aaJ mad<! wo feel what n hot-headed biter! m mjrsdf wlleu 1 found "'it iW \uu It" we, begun to talk so much Pu L . 4 I"' „ a' Lanra-my Laura, lid an," J ,a,'actuallY 'eft Liverpool? She foadestnf i V Wro' mo tho sweetest and fi Hn CrS-"Uelly 'hort — just to say IS think of it, only Would be with "„e nVal 01 hcr aot6-sh" tcitMhw"'' 8ald' You are InsT—ii 1 „ !'"SJ ' a' H I could bo too Stockton «, t" 0 0Ter ' Stockton " — meet m t;!,'0., nc"rest coach etatiou—" and llsrry."' en' 8ood byo, my dearest fo Stay Two or Vt!" N?w Yrk, where they woro civilisation cwe ys eloro feaving Eastern Man, ,'„i , , w"3 nccompanicd by her »is plucky of the M GeolIrey Temple. It Itewar ilrnm T ,Wman Rt 65- to travel all tee his n;„. a '? Hew Mexico in order ®'t he was fnn l m,al7' wi!h his own eyes, he reason whv h!? s 1 daresay was 'eundedlv dnai»r i1? 1 0 himself so con- CtrUinlr hu did M a,ut tho «usagement. ""1 to nrs L. 13 lavcl b«t to break it off, Bs L .,' our union. ' Wthsnyy!. onC0aside.red "'at I was going, budihin (fan 'a doom Laur» to a lifo of to hate l'stf v® ,aud P.Terty, and that I ought And r.f 111 w'"rout speaking to uer Jh't who „ coy"e> I could never forget bft eolljg. Citr i4 died aoddonly, and I «tr. Tea !''thiorlyi £1q In tho world, k"8 sctiue her #», v'" Power to prevent me «e her. though wo had been engaged a your, and my darling had told him she would never give me up. Indeed, had I not seen her eager, tearful face watching for mo at the window at Icinpic Hall I should have gone out West without u word, and wo might never havo met again. What did all this matter? Tho good old man gavo way when ho saw that Lauras h.uppino=s depended upon it; and, besides, he uovcr had any personal objections to me ; and I nm glad to bear testimony to tho splendid courage of a man of his age, nccus- tomed to a quiet English country life, who d>- hberatcly undertook, for tho sake of his niece, n journoy of 5000 miles, nnd cheerfully went through discomforts such as few quiet aud orderly Englishmen ever dream of. Oh, but thcro v.-os work to do within the next four days ! The ranche had to be cleaned and scrubbed, and set to rights from top to bottom ; aad then there was tho "dipping," an important process which has to be per formed once a year by tho sheepmen of the Western territories. You will understand the trouble when I tell you that every single auiinal of the whole flock— iu our case 5000 in number— has to be immersed completely in hot tobacco juice. At our ranch this year I do not believe we should ever havo got through tho business at all— for tho wretched people who supplied tho tobacco sent it a week later than they should have done, our tank leaked, aud our furnace would not burn properly— if it had not been our good fortune to_ secure tho services of Kirk Iroy. Why Kirk Troy was called by every body Kirk Troy the Idiot puzzled mo until he had lived with us a week or more. He was a toll, handsome fellow, broad in the shoulder and lean in the flank, with a cadaverous, melancholy face, of which a pendulous under lip, hanging loosely wheu he was not speak ing,' was the only feature to convoy a sugges tion that he was not quite "all there." llis nose was largo and prominent, starling out sud denly from between a pair of mild brown eyes ; aud he was the most patient, docile, hard-work- iug crcuturo over seen. Yet, though patience aud docility were marked characteristics of Kirk Troy, his nature had another sido. There was a story that a few years before, Kirk being at tho time alone, in sheep camp, an unfortunate Mexican stole into his cubin with intent to pilfer ; there he was found by the master in the act of cutting the throat of a troublesome puppy, which had disputed his en trance. This Mexican was never seen again. A traveller passing the camp next day saw a mound of new earth at the roadside, and asked its racauing. "Well, sir," said Kirk, "there was a funeral here this morning, I aui fond of dogs ;" and be mildly asked tho traveller if he would spend the night in his cabin. This man found, however, that he had urgent busi ness elsewhere. Apart from this anecdote, a fellow witn more blameless reputation than Kirk Troy it would have been hard to find. Yet he had a history. He was tho son of a Californian farmer, who had immigrated into New Mexico to raise sheep, when Kirk was still a boy. At 18 bo was the owner of a flock of a thousand head of Mexican ewes, aud with capital prospects, being a quiet and sober'fellow, and already a first rate stockman. He had three brothers, who settled down on farms of their own. ono by oao, leaving him, the youngest, tending his sheep alone, living the solitary camp life most of the year of which I had just been having an experience. kirk Troy was a iby and reserved man, thongh at that time as sane as any one. People laughed, and said thoy pitied auy girl who should care for him, as he would never have the pluck to propose. They were mistaken. A young lady, Miss Jenny Maliber, of St. Lonis, came to a neighboring town to spend the summer. Kirk saw a good deal of her, aud from the first day they met ho began to lose his nervous shyness. She was clever, vivacious and pretty ; he, gentle in manner, handsome in face, with the physical strength of six ordi nary men. That "Jenny was a flirt was unde niable, but this did not prevent Kirk from lov ing her ; his affection being returned— for a time. By-and-by they became engaged ; then siio went home, nnd ho settled down with strong hands and will to make his pile and win her. But it was never to be. A month from tho time sho arrived ,in St. Louis Miss Jenny had nearly forgotten her frontier lover ; in another month sho only remembered the tie between them sufficiently to feel that It was in- supportable ; and sho wrote asking to be set free. No ono saw Kirk for months after this letter reached him— tho first ho had ever re ceived in his lifo. Then ho quietly told his friends what had happened, and asked for .tho subject not to he touched upon by anyone, lie never complained, aud no one dared to say a word against her in his presence. llis way ot lifo remained unaltered ; ho went on tending his sheep in camp, aud appeared at intervals among his fellowmcn, the same gentle creature he had always been. People wondered, even his own brothers, that he took it so . quietly. Qurotly 1 They did not know what was going on in that silent brain. For seven years Kirk went his solrtary wav, and then it became evident to everybody that his mind was affected. 11c stuttered slightly in his speech ; he wonld sit for hours, if he had nothiug particular to do, crouching in n chair, stariug vacantly before him, motionless, except for a ceaseless movement of tho hands, now passiug one over the other, now iaterlac- ing the Augers tightly, and again rubbing tbo ualnis together, rouud nod round with a slow regular motion. Tho break up of tho intellect came gradually. Even wheu I know him, a rear afler it had been first noticed, he would beimve at times exactly like other people, and, as I havo already stated, his power of handling 6heop was unsurpassable. \\\ e, therefore, con sidered ourselves fortunate to bo able to engago him through tho winter mouths as foreman Jinnlcr. With Kirk Troy's help the dipping was con cluded tho day before I was duo in Stockton. Aud, by this timo, also, thanks to Sarah Bruut —a spinster of AO years— 'dg and bouy— who was to bo Laura's housekeeper when the new place at El Oato Creek was iu n fit stale ol limitation— Eagle Tail Itauclie presented an appcaranco of cleanliness and comfort ueur beforo peen. ... i All was ready, therefore, in timo; and on tho fourth day after receiving. Laura s letter, 1 rose before dawn, aud groomed all the horses thoroughly, to their immenso astonishment. Then I spent an hour in cleaning my best pair of plated spurs, and my new ivory handled revolver. By 10 a" preparations were com plete. I had donned my-Breybuckskiasut, and Comanche held his head high with the pride of bearing a brand now 50 dol. Cali- ornian saddle. Jack stood by as I prepared to mount, and composedly lit' his mututiuai pipe, " Ailios, my boy. Mind the old horse don't uc you off. You shouldn't havo given him that extra feed of corn last night; Don't forget to order n few hundred rounds of rifle car tridges. If your now friend, Mike Alison,' pays us a visit, wo shall want all we can get- I laughed and rode away ;' but Jack was more in earnest than lie appeared to bo. He had never been really coinfortablo in his mind since my acquaintance' with Mike began, r " Of all tho foolish things yon ever did, Harry, lie said emphatically, "shaking hands with that cuss was the worst; You never know what such a man as he mayn't do, or trv to do." / - This morning Jack's allusioiv to Mike made very little impression upon me indeed. My thoughts woro dwelling on other things. After ono brisk spirt I travelled gently. Tho conch could not arrive before 2 at the earliest ; and I did not wish to ho obliged to loaf about towu for a couple of hours. A estern pony has ouly two paces ; when his rider is on particular business, such as hunting cattle or horses, ho strikes out at the lo|re or canter, quickening to a gallop when the animals are iu view ; at other times he ambles, but he never trots. The reason for this is that Western men ride with long stirrups, and never rise from the saddle by so much as an inch, no matter what their horses are about. My journey this day was at the " pace." I made my way leisurely northward along the apology for a road, which only deserved its name in this dry weather, being nothing more than two narrow tracks where the grass had beeu worn away by tho passage of heavy waggons. I glanced at old familiar landmarks as 1 passed them with a quiet smile. It was tho last timo I should pass them alone. I reached the little wooden bridgewhicli spanned the Chicnrcekn, tho same river which a few miles further doivu curved to the south, and met tho Eagle Tail Mesa. I- examined this structure critically, noting for the first time that its supports seemed old aud wormeaten. I thought that I should not like to tako Laura many times across the bridgo before it had been strengthened. Then I passed on across a broad meadow covered with sage brash, whero tho jack rabbits bounded away on cither side, not followed to-day by a pistol bullet. Next came a goatle rise of prairie, at the other side of which was a winding watercourse, crossed by a gravelly ford. I turned asido here for a few minutes. A hundred yards away stood a square house, with a high-peaked shingle roof, and walls of dark rod color ; a four-roomed house of one story, and newly built, the wiudow panes shining with fresh whito paint, and a Mexican at this very moment putting the last coat ot varnish on tho front door. The man smiled wheu he saw me, aud raised his hat. It was my own little home stead, very nearly ready for Laura. Tho furniture was still in its packing cases as it had arrived from ths East. I had promised Lauia that I would touch nothing tnsido until she was there to see and approve. Outside, hnwovor, everything was done, and the bright October sun shone joyously upon the trim stable, 200 yaids away, surrounded by capacious sheep and horse cor rals; on the strip of ploughed land nearer tho creek, where we would plant tho garden next year, and upon two loug, deep pools below tho best bit of watei El Gato Creek c ruld boast A wire fence enclosed tho whole, and ensured im munity from stray cattle and horses, for I hud paid for this homestead, in bard cash, the price ol my first year's crop of wool. Aftct inspecting tho latest arrangements aud conversing awhile with Ilarto Gallogos, the foreman builder, I turned back upon tlio road, and preseutly reached Stockton, a town 35 miles south-west of Trinidad, which was the last point reached by the Atchison, Topcka aud Santa Fe railroad. Stockton was a quiet and sleepy place at this timo— the fall ot 1879. A few mouths later it wasstirrcd to its depths by the railroad, changed its namo, and became a city ; but as yet it cou- sisted of no more thau a dozen dwellings. Ono was a pretentious throe-storied structure, com bining tho advantages of hotel, restaurant, post office and saloon. It was built partly of adobe and partly of wood, and was hideously ugly. Opposite, was Gilespio's store, a long, low, log houso, where overy article required by Western men, from a needle to a repeating rifle, could be procured at prices culled by tho proprietor reasonable. And, scattered among the turns aud curves of tho Chicareoka Creek — a tribu tary to tho river — were a few ranches, homes of tho earliest settlers in these parts. Stockton had beeu a station as far back as 1860, and a well known sjiot to pioneers for 30 vears. It was called after its founder, Old Tom Stockton, tbo first whito man who ever settled in Northern New Mexico. I hitched Comancho to a coureuicnt post before the hotel, made my way to tho bar, nnd asked for letters. I did not expect any, but made the customary request on tho chance, and was rewarded by finding a really long epistlo from Laura, who had employed a 6pare hour on the way beforo starting upou her long journey. The place was empty when a arrtved, but preseutly two men strolled in, one of whom shook hands with uio heartily. This was Mr. Josiah Gillespie, owner of tho store opposite, and a very good friend of ours. Ho was a little man, clean shaved, except for a heavy military moustache, with a sallow face, that never changed either in color or expression under auy conceivable circumstances, llis eves were brown and Tery bright, tho shrewd eyes of an American man of business ; ho was dressed neatly in black, with spotless linen. Tlio man who accompanieu unu «tus u marked contrast in dress and appcaranco. A very heavily built fellow, with the biggest chest I over saw, and standing 6 feet 6 inches iu his stockings. Bo had a face like a square block of brown rock, big black oyes under shaggy brows tinged with grey, and he was J"53"1 ln riding costumo of brown leather overalls, fluu- nel shirt aud a broad-brimined grey _ felt hat II mnd his waist was a broad belt, filled with cartridges aud carryiug a pair of Colts re volvers. Heboid a whip in his right hand, and a short repeating Winchester carbino in his left, which ho carelessly balanced between his finger and thumb. 1 know who this must bo at once, though wo had not met beforo. was dako Bluudell, tho Sheriff-that is to say, nolice inspector— for tho county. » Well, Harry," said Mr. Gillespie, signing to the bar keeper to bring cocktails for three, " so you're here to time I I suppose your folk are woll on their way now past Iiaton. Did you know that my daughter Nep was iu Trini dad?" "I heard something of it, Sir. Jack told me she was going. " Mr. Gillespie's eyes twinkled. "Jack? Of course, he did. Knew of it beforo I did, I believe. Is lie there ?" I shook my head and smiled. " He has too much to do this lime."' I now raised my glass, and was about to tasto its contents, when I heard a whispered oath from the Sheriff aud a soft whistle from Mr. Gillespie, which made me put it quickly down. The very person we had been speaking of, and imagined to be 30 miles away, was beforo us — Neptuna Gillespie. I can see tho girl now, as she ran up tho stops in her picturesque riding dress, with its embroidered buckskin bodice, and light grey habit. Siie wore a soft felt hat, trimmed with a gleam ing rattlesnake skin, below which her dark hair had escaped from the snood which bound it, nnd fell over her shoulders iu glorious confusion. Her face was oval liko rer father's, her complexion dark brunette, and hcr eyes large and full. They wore keen courageous eyes, and had looked mankind in tho face without a thought of self consciousness all her life. Her nose was small, slightly re trousse ; tho mouth a very firm one, tho lips just now tightly pressed together. In figure Nep was' slight and delicate, but lithe and well proportioned as a young leopard ; every move ment full of a free careless grace which only tru3 life in the country could have given hcr — the wild freo life of the Western plains. This was not a moment, however, in which to make a study of her personal appearance. Before we had time to ask a question, or express surprise, sho had passed by her father and myself, and laid her hand upon Juke Blundell's arm. " Oh, I am so glad to havo found you, Mr. Blundcll 1" sho said in a breathless tone— and now we noticed that she had been riding hard, tho very brim of her hat being covered with dnst. " I feared that you had left town. A terrible thing will happen unless you can interfere at once." She paused a moment for breath. "What is it?" taia tne sheriff briefly, ma business-like tone. "first, i must ten yon tnat the morning stage broko down before it had gone more than a mile out of Trinidad. You may have heard " here she seemod to catch sight of me for tho first time, and sho stopped a minute ; breaking out then in a choking voice : " Oh, I am so sorry for yon, Harry ; oh, I am so sorry — so very sorry — but there is not lime to tell my news gently. Every inute is precious." Sho turned again to the sheriff ; and I stood closo behind her, and listened to hcr story silently, with set teeth and whitening lips. : " When the coach broko pown— a wheel ha'd" come off, I think — tlio driver got on ono of the mules and rode back to town for help. While ho was away a buggy with two men in it drove past the wreck, and, pulling up, offered, for a small sum, to take two of the passengers as far as Stockton if any of tho passengers wore anxious to reach the place without delay. Tlio offer was taken by an old gentlemen and a young lady. When the stage driver came back, and found what had happened, he wus nearly wild, for he knew these men — oh, Harry, keep cool ! — they were those two devils aud desperadoes, I'ete Worral and Kit Blosso." Nep stopped again ; for Jake upon hearing these uamci forgot her presence, and growled out a heavy oatb, bringing his fist down upou the counter with a mighty bang. He made n > other remark, however and the girl con tinued : — ' Happily, John Foster, tho driver, is a man of presence of mind. He'got on another mule at once, and eallopcd back to town with tho news. I heard it first, for the friend I was staying with keeps the hotel where the passen gers slept last night, aad John and I together tried, all we knew to raise a posse to follow these villains. But would yon believe it? We could not get a man to go. Oh !" exclaimed the girl, stamping hcr foot, tears of rago in her eyes, " what cowards men are who livo in towns ! There woro twenty young fellows loafing about the street, but not one would stir, though' I drew my revolver, and offered to lead tho way. No I they said that tho buggy could not be caught up now before it reached Menke's saloon, nnd that a bloodthirsty crowd would.bc there, and so on, and so on. Not n man would risk his precious skin for tho sake of friendless foreigners, and one of them the most beautiful girl 1 ever saw. 1 was at my wit's end. Then 1 remombciert that Mcuka's was only a few miles from Stockton, and knowing I should find some men here, I saddled my pony, and galloped all the way. And now, Mr. Bluudell, how long will it take you to bo off— yes — you aud Harry?" Sho paused, her bright eyes fixed trustingly upon his face, aud her hand still upou his arm. Bat he shook his head and could not meet hcr look. Then ho groaned, aud sworo softly to himself. At last, ho said iu a husky voico : "God help us all, Miss Nep, 1 kin do nothing nothing! There's not a dozen men iu this ,,lace fit to go Homo's boys were hero yester- dav, but tbey started at suu-up for Ciinmarrou. Some more may come iu during the day ; but who knows ? And meanwhile " ' ' But is there no one — no ono ? Oh 1 Harry, what are you doing, you are not going alone ?" I havo said that I listenod to Nep's story in silence. It was true, for my throat was too parched and my lips too rigid for any words. Nop gavo no names, but she knew who tho helpless foreigners were, and what thoy were to me, aua l Knew — we all knew— what manner of hands thoy had fallen into. I'ete Worral and Kit Blosso 1 Ob, merciful heavens ! Laura in their hands. A Tisiou of a wicked, smiling face flashed beforo me — tho face of tho dovil Kit Blosso, the man 1 had knocked down. A devilish face 1 A face full of the wickedness in which tho man rejoiced. I could not speak to any one. I could only remember that I know tbo way to Menke's saloon ; yes. yes, 1 knew the way ; and Comancho was still fresh. I was half way to tho door vrhen Nep spoko to use. 1 turned at her words, for I wished to thank her, and said with difficulty. God bless yon for this. Yea, 1 am going. Good-bye." I turned again to the door, but before I could reach it Jake BlnndeU had stepped quickly for ward and gripped me by theshoulder. "What are you after?" he said, shortly! ' ' Are you gone quite cracked ?" I shook myself free without replying, nnd laid my hand upon my revolver. He would havo spoken again, but Mr, Gillespio said quietly behind ; " Let him alone, Jake. Ho is mad, but w can't stop him. The girl I'ete and Kit havo taken was to have been his wife. Poor lad! 1£ we had only had a round dozen decent shots, I'd chance it with you myself." So they let me go in peace. I went quickly to Comanche and began tightening his girths. A\ I secured the last I heard a sharp exclamation from Jake Bluudell, who was standing at the top of the saloon steps "Good Lord, Josinli ! d'you see that cuss crossing the creek, and ridinginto town ? Why, if it ain't the black arch-fiend himself — tbo biggest devil of the lot— Mike Alison, on his buckskin." I started at the words, and looked in tho direction Jake was pointing. Loping towards us at an easy pace was a man on what they call a buckskin horse — that is, a horse bright yellow, with a black mane. Jake was right. Sitting , his horse, Leone, like a pillar of stone, but keenly watching every movement of the men upon the steps, Mike Alison rode up. He nodded and smiled to me ; gravely returned a grim salute from the Sheriff, and raised his hafc when he saw Nep. I looked at him in silence, wondering whether ho knew what had hap pened, and as he noted the expression of my face his smile vanished, nnd drawing rein be- : side me, he said abruptly : " What's happened ?" The others had now joined ns. Bnt Mike did not take the slightest notice of them. I - cleared my throat to speak distinctly, though the huskiaess would not go. " You've saved my life twice, and I have called yon my friend. Do you know what Pete Worral and Kit Blosse - are about to-day ?" " I do not. I have been South a few days, and was to meet them at Menke's to-night." A great weight left my heart. That man was speaking the truth. I laid my hand upon his knee. " Mike, help me again. You are the only man who can help me." " Oat with it, lad." " I told yon — havo S'ou forgotten? — that I was to be married. My girl. I told von. w. coming ont from England. Laura, her name is— Lanra," The others must have thought ' me mad to hear me talking to Mike Alison, o£ all'men in tho world, of my love affairs. " I rode in to-day to meet her on the road. But tho coach has broken down, and, Mike — Mike- she and herunclo were persuaded by Kit Blosso and Pete Worral to get into their buggy. Th- are now at Menke's saloon. Aud there is not a man in the town to go except myself 1" " That'll do," he replied. The- words came from between his teeth like the hiss of a rattle snake. i " Sheriff 1" He wheeled his horse ronnd so suddenly t at he brought it upon its hannchos. " There is only ono way of getting tbis business done. I must make Menke's at onco. But I can't run the whole business alone. The other boys will turn on me this timo ; they're bound to. Can yoa bring up a posso to see the end of it ?" Jake Blundell's face as ho was asked this un expected question was a sight to see. But he answered heartily : " You bet I will, Mike, if I can find any boys. But they're derned scarce 1" " That's not your fault. If you can, follow mo with a crowd in an hoar. If not — well — I must run the funeral alone. It won't be the first timo." He settled himself in the saddle. I had mounted while ho was speaking to tho Sheriff," aud now did the same ; but he turned upon me with a shake of the head. " You must follow with the boys.' I shrugged my shoulders contemptuous. : " Talk sense, please ! He gavo me a keen glance, then laying his hand upon my wrist, and pressing his finger upon the pulso, said sharply : "Look at me." I did so, and ho continued slowly : " Now, Harry, jnst listen 1 The business before us, to bo "any good, mast bo dona coolly. Wo shall bo two among twenty. If you lose your head we're done. Now, can you go into Menke's saloon with me, and shake hands with these men, without knowing what may have hap pened ? Can yon stand, and talk quietly, ivhilo your heartstrings are being torn to pieces by suspenso? Can you sit down to a game of cards with tho boys, when you long to see 'ctn all lying dead ! Can you keep quiet, and unconcerned in manner, speech nnd bearing, doing what I do, and saying what I say, until I give the word I II so, if your nerves are strong enough, then come ; but not otherwise. I say nothing of tho risk ; I know you are not afraid. Bemcmber, it is for her." While he spoko Mike kept his eves fixed upon mine with a searching, eager expression. 1 returned his look steadily. " I understand all you say. I will go with you. I will be as cool ns yourself, .Mike." "Bight I But — ah, there's another thing! ; Have you practised any with your six-shooter since I saw you last?' " I can shoot a prairio dog at twenty yards." "So? Can you kill it? Or does it slip back wonnded into its hole?" " No ; 1 shoot it through the head, and pick ' up tho body." " Then you'll do. Vamos!" Chapter IV. — Menke's. At the moment when Nep Gillespie startled us all by her sudlen appearance, Mr. Menke, a few miles away, was leaning lazily against tho doorpost of his saloon, slowly whittling away a ' piece of deal with a long jack-kuife. He was a German of mild aspect, with a fiat, expressionless face, light hair and eyes of a dull, fishy blue. A flabby man, who gavo ono : tho impression that lounging in the sun, and driukiug a great deal of boor, were the prin cipal occupations of his life. Ho seldom spoke, - and then said little worth hearing ; and : strangers put him down as a stupid Dutchman, with as much intellectual ability as one of his own whisky barrels. But a cunning brain was lodged ia Hermann Menke's thick head, abovo his lack lustre oyes. Heaven only knows what th® prcvious'life of this man had been. Perhaps he had once been a simple German peasant ill 1 a quiet village, going to church on Sunday morning, and to dancing on Sunday evening, ' j But no pen could describe the scenes he must - havo witnessed — tho orgies, the gambling, . drinking, fighting, murdering, and devilry— » during the ten years ho had kept his drinking shop— a saloon frequented by all the lawless desperadoes of the country round — at Boar Caooo, on the western side of the Chicaiceka Mountain. He was a man without any friends, a solitary man with no wife, or children, who lived in this saloon -and dispensed the drinks, and the cards, and dodged the shots when the revolvers came out. But he was not, himself, regarded as an cntlaw ; quite the contrary ; he visited everybody ; only sis days, in fact, before the Stage broke down, be was peeling his bit of board on the steps of Gillespie's store, discuss ing in his slow way with the master the news of the country and the politics of the State. There were many reasons for the wide ac quaintance enjoyed by Menke among the ranehe folk of the neighborhood. Y»"e will mention three. He had the largest command of ready money of any man about, and never refused snj one a loan on good secuiity. No crime had ever been brought directly home to him, though his place was known to be little better than a den oi thieves; and be had a skin tougher than raw-hide for tannt, snub or sar- ca<m ; no man was able to boast that he had ever disturbed Menke's equanimity. But liis true restiug-placc, where he loved to dwell, was his old, weather-beaten saloon. Here, all the year round, came visitors of grim aspect, and uncertain occupation, who suine- times brought acquaintances from the East to drink and play. These Eastern folk, it was said, were seldom heard of again by their friends at. home, and no man knew exactly what became of them. That, of course, had nothing to do with Menke. When questioned on the subject, he said that lie supplied liquor, which he warranted to be genuine ; and that he pro vided good beds, li his customers would fall ont over their, cards, and settle their quarrel with knife and pistol, it was regrettable, bat not his business ; and, as for the dead bodies after a fight, no one could -say that he did not give good burial to all, with a pile of stones ou top to balk the coyotes. There were the piles of Stones, in fact, outside his saloon for all the world to see. That his saloon had a bad name, bedid not deny ; but it had been established ten years ; nobody had ever brought any charge against him, and he was well acquainted with Jake Blundell, the county sheriff. It was per fectly true that Mike Alison, Pete Worral and their friends were good customers of his ; they Came as they pleased ; they paid for their drinks ; as for their characters, they might be all that the world said ; he asked no questions ; be did not know their affairs, that bad nothing to do with him. That was all Hermann Menke had to say, and it had been quite euough for Frontier folk up to this 21st day of October, 1879, the day on which the stage broke down. For nearly half-an-hour Menke lounged at his open door, with his dog dozing at his feet, and snch grasshoppers as the early frosts had spared chirping peacefully around him. Inside the saloon were twenty men, the majority sit ting in various attitudes of listless vacancy, as if waiting for something to happen ; a few languidly playing poker, for 5 cent points. After a while, a man strolled ont and looked at the prospect. .'They're late to-day, Hermann," ho ob served in an impatient, irritable tone." Ah, that is so. P'raps the game is heavy to carry this time. Eh I It is possible — very- possible. No ?" " We-11." remarked the other with a peeu- fiarly round fall Savored oath, aimed, apparently, at creation in general. " Yon ought to know, if any. one. And, if it is so, why I hope it'll come quick. That cursed Mike is to be back to- night, and if there'sanythiug spicy on when he turns up, he's dead sure to spoil the fun." Pa -yah I " said Menke, in sympathetic tos.es. . " Mike is hard on yon, boys — I will say dat, very I Yet — ho can shoot, lad 1 shoot like the black Nick. His bullet always reaches the spot, the soft, tender spot, and none come near him, not at all— at all." The speaker chuckled grimly. His companion replied with another oath more'cinpliatic than the first " Shoot 1 Yes. And so almighty free with it. He'll as soon ping a friend as foe — if not soooer.' Look how he put a bole through Townshend — thick as they were the day before. And all for laying hold of a litllo raneh girl, who'd mistaken the saloon for an hotel, and was fair game. Bui, there 1 It was a woman. And when you've said that, you've said every thing as far as Mike is concerned. Let there be a girl in the case, and whew 1 I'd sooner face a.mouutain lion in a cage with a broken pocket knife in my hand than Mike Alison. 1 don't mind a man bein' a bii free with the ehootin' iron when he's drunk. But that cn-s never drinks. He never laughs ; lie scarcely ever l (rears. Ugh, he gives inc the shivers I Hello I there's the buggy, at last And, look! Blamed if that ain't a petticoat. A gurl, by the Lord, a gurl 1 Hi boys 1 Here's fan, come ont of that, everyone, and look here !" Trotting briskly down the long bill, at tho bottom of which Menke's saloon nestled pic- torerqncly among the rocks nod cedar trees, was a carriage containing four people. Out turned all the men, forming an eager, expectant group ronnd the door, and giving vent to a chorus of whispered exclamations, ns they saw the flutter of a white dress in tho back seat of the buggy. The . vehicle approached quickly, and the faces of its occupants wero soon distinctly visible. The men now became silent, their eyes opened to their fullest width, and a deep, involuntary sigh of admiration and pleasure escaped them. i The Western cowboy of the lower class has the most limited acquaintance with women ,that it is passible to imagine. I have been told in all seriousness mere than once by one, " that he had not spoken to a woman for five 'years,'" and I believe the statement was almost strictly true. Judge then of the feelings of these men, us they stared, for the first time in their lives, at the fair face of an English girl. 1 A: fair face, with delicate, regular features ; Intgo hi uo eyes of tho intent, earnest kind ; a complexion so pnro and fresh that it was not necessary to bear her speak to guess her nationality. Above the white forehead were shining bands cf golden hair, bound neatly back, though one or two had escaped from bondage to-day, and waved in the wind re- bclliously, Laura was dressed simply ia white, with a blue ribbon at her throat, and a plain straw hat. She. yvpre no ornaments, except the brooch which secured the ribbon, and therefore looked exactly what she was, a refined, sweet English lady. i The buggy stopped, and Kit Blosse, the driver, swung himself down, and opened the carriage door. "Bat this is not Stockton 1" said the other passenger, a stout gentleman with white whiskers, dressed in shooting costume, and looking intensely British. " Yon can go no further," answered Pete Worral, who was sitting opposite to him., " We must trouble you to get out for a while. Come. It ain't no good foolia' round, old man, and gettin' hot Out with ye. Boys, just lend a hand — — " But Pete did not finish his sentence. He was of a hasty disposition, and, instead of giving his passengers time to realise their position by degrees, laid hold of Mr. Temple roughly by the shoulder. He had much mis taken his man. White hair docs not always mean want of muscle. Imagining the fellow to be drunk — for Pete had applied himself more than once to a brandy flask on the war — Mr. Temple grappled with him, and grasping his throat with both hands, pushed him hack- wards with such goodwill that he lost his balance, and ignominionsly turned a somer sault over the splash;board of the bnggy, land ing bim abruptly on his head. This turning of the tables amnscd the crowd mightily, and when Pete rose from the ground with many oaths, and passed his hand round for his pistol, there was a hearty laugh, accompanied with a warning cry : "Holdup, now! The old man was right. Keep yonr fingers away from there 1" And, head of the gang though he was, Pete was obliged to submit with a bad grace, and leave Kit Biosse to escort the passengers, with marked politeness, to a small room behind the main apartment of the saloon. Mr. Temple had now recovered from the effect of the scrimmage, and though much puzzled at the whole proceeding, was some- what reassured by the manuer of the yonnger man. " A good-looking fellow at one time, I should think," he said afterwards. " But his beauty was interfered with by a broken nose, and a pair of eyes that had not loog ago been very black — a kick from a horse, he told ns." When the old gentleman made a Second attempt to discover the precise position of affairs, Kit Blusse smiled and looked at Lanra. "Wesrern hospitality, sir. "You see, it isn't often that the boys have the pleasure of seeing a lady in these parts, and we ' thought we'd give 'em a treat. Oh, we'll hove on to Stockton presently." He spoke slowly, and to the last word never removed his eyes from the girl's face. Mr. Temple's heart nched. Oh, for a good horsewhip, and youth and strength and time wherewith to lay it on I " Bat I have paid my niece's fare and my own for a direct journey to Stockton. Tell me, man, what do you meau ?" " Kit Blosse sighed gently and shook his bead, then softly chuckled as lie glanced at the old gentleman's red, excited face. " Well, you see, my frieml," lie said, slowly — and again his eyes returned to contemplation of Laura — " its this way " " Yes," interrupted Mr. Temple, bitterly.' " You need not go on. I see that wo are in the bands of scoundrels. I suppose yon are aware that I am not without friends here?" " Here," said Kit, raising his eyebrows. " That's curious 1 None of the hovs seemed to recognise you." " f mean in this country," roared the old gentleman, stamping his foot; "about Stock ton and the neighborhood!" " Ob, yes — yes — Stockton," said Kit, reflec tively. " Do you know how far wo aro off Stockton ?" Mr. Temple was 6ilcnt. Tho country was utterly strange to him. They might be fifty miles awny. At any rate, sir, I am an English citizen. If anything should happen to me or my niece, yon would pay dearly for it— dearly for it." The yonng man opened-his eyes wide at-ihis threat, and then drew back his bead -and laughed aloud. ' .!, .- ' . " That's so good a joko that I mast just clear off aud tell the bors. A Britisher to be hold sacred? Oh, Lord,, how rich 1 = Wcll, my noble Englishman, our boss, Mike Alison— who'll be here, I dessay, before yon leave — came from the littlo island a few years ago. Put yonr case before him if yon Think by biB face that he'll he scared by the British Govern ment. Now, I'm goin'. You'll bo comfort able, I hope— and the yonng lady. Wo shall meet again before long, and see more of 'one another." He went slowly out and closed the door, locking it after him with a distinct aud de liberate click. Mr. Temple hastily glanced ronnd the room. Tliero was a small wiudow a foot square, with a stout iron bar across it, nml another door, jnst ajar, which opened into the saloon itself. The sound of loud, coarse voices came from this aide, aud Mr. Temple's first action was to close the door smartly. Even Iheu, there being only a thin wooden partition between tho rooms, the buzz of conversation was still faintly audible ; aud presently, when two men strolled up the room and seated themselves close by the parti tion, the prisoners could hear what they were saying, and recognised the tones of llie men by whom they had been entrapped. For some little time, however, Mr. Temple and Laura were too much occupied witli each other to pay attcution to anything else. When Kit finally took himself off, flic old gentleman silently drew the girl towards him and kissed her. She looked at him wistfully, With a hatf-puzzled expression. "Uncle Geoffrey, do tell me exactly what you think these men aro going to do with us?" He pat his arms round her, clasped her close, and shook his head. " My dear, my dear, how con I ? Yet I must tell you— I must tell you, that— I— fear the worst ! "And dou't you think thcro is any chance of Harry? But no, tliero is none," she added hastily. " Dou't speak. " She put her fiugor on his lip, and then liid her face in his breast for awhile. Presently, she raised her head, and resolutely brushed away the tears. " It is very weak of me to givo way liko this. But it is so sudden, so unexpected, so tcfriblo ; and I cannot help thinking of our poor boy waiting for ns, and wondering what can have happened. I was not thinking of myself, or of yoa, dear. Perhaps I had better do so, and then I shall not cry. Ho laid his cheek npon hers. "My brave girl." She telt the hot tears dropping one by one. They did not ipeok again for somo time. Now and then Laura shuddered slightly, and Mr. Temple's fare grew so pale and wan that his friends would hare scarcely recognised Mm. . j Meanwhile the two voices in tho saloon rose and foil, and by and by the prisoners began to listen to what was said. The men seemed lo be heated with drink, one was laughing, tho other in bail humor. "Cnrso the luck," they beard him say, it was Peto Worral. "I haven't been so much out of it for months. Your deal, Kit." "Right, mio amigo, so — so! Right bower here ; my trick agaiu. Only twonty more points to make, and then the stakes arc mine, my hoy. Plucky old codger, her nnclc 1 Never saw you turn a neater skyer. "Well, doa't get mad. Remember " and lioro he whispered something that Lanra could not hear, but which Mr. Tcmplo did ; and ho clenched his fists and groaned, longing, per haps, for a revolver which he ivonid not have known how to use. He kept still, however, listening for more. Kit was laughing again. "Nothing liko cards, with a dccont glass beside one, to decido important business, f don't want tho money, blast it I You and the boys can have that, but — well, play, man, play, it's yonr turn. What's that ? A king. There you arc, then, mine again. Gqshl Timo's urawiug on. I must havo a peep at her in a minute. But we'll settle this first If my lack sticks to me this round will be the last. Only five points to win." lio fell silent now, and as his harsh voice ceased Lanra raised lier head once . more. Mr. Temple's eyes were bent on. the ground. He took something from his waistcoat pocket, and held it concealed in his right band. Then he stole a glance at bis companion, and sceiug that her eyes were bright aud steady, and her head erect, lifted his eyes, and gazed steadfastly into her face. The color fid from the girl's cheeks, as she met his look ; but her eyes grew brighter and never swerved from his. "Laura, do yon- — do' you know what they mean?" . . She made no reply. . Slowly, very slowly, 'he opened his right band, watching her furtively the while. In the palm of this hand lay a pocketknife ; the blade of it seemed to be no more than two inches long. The girl looked at it a moment, then took it from him and opened the big blade, " It will do," slio whispered, handing il back. " You will drive it- straight — straight to my heart— will you riot . Mr. Temple' nodded. ' He was past all speech. Laura fell upon her knees, and covered her face ; but her uncle could not pray. He bent over the girl with set teeth, firmly grasp ing the open knife in his hand. He was old ; he bad lived a quiet life in law abiding Eng land ; and now, in his age, ho had come abroad — to kill his child!, I I Think of it! Think of it! And whilo the girl waited on her knees, and tho old man watched for a time to deal the blow, in tho saloon outside Hermann Menke stood at the bar and passed the whisky bottle— it was nothing to him — and the two men played their game, and others looked on. Five minutes moro and the game would be finished. Well ; it was nothing to Hermann Menke. 7 C1urTF.11 Y. — The Game axd the Stakes. A rnco for life and death. We had 10 miles of rough country to cover, and wo did it in less than an hour. The horses seemed to understand tho urgency of tho case — what does not an intelligent horse understand? — and neither rough nor smooth, up bill nor down hill, made any difference to their pace, A creek was reached with steep crumbling hanks; a spot which, under ordinary circumstances, I should have ridden a mile out of my way to avoid. Now, I led tho way, and Comanche was at tho bottom with one leap, and up' the opposite side with another, more like a young prong-horned antelope than an elderly cow pony. On, through dark canons, and oyer rolling prairie ; past a ranche, where tho stockman paused in his work and laid his thumb on his revolver at sight of Black Mike ; removing it as we dashed by, and rub bing his hose reflectively, wonderiug what devilment the cuss had in view to-day, aud whether the Sheriff was after him. At lost Mike raised- his hand and pointed. Half a mile ahead a wreath of blue smoke wa s curling slowly up from a grey chimney, among a grove of trees. " Menke's," bo said laconical! v. " Not a sign now, Harry, nor a look, until 1 give the word." I nodded, but my pulso beat no foster ; my face did not change iu expression. They told me afterwards that it was as colorless as a dead inau's. I believe that at this moment the despair which possessed me had affected my miud. Happily, tho conduct of the busi ness which followed was in the hands of one whoso nerves were at their steadiest, whoso brain was at its clearest, in a crisis snch as this. Mike Alison was in his clement. Nota shade of anxiety was visible iu his faco as wo drew up before tho main door of the saloon, where Meuko had beou lounging previous to the arrival of tho buggy, aud Mike greeted two men on tho steps in tho cheeriest toao I had ever hourd him use i . ... " Well, boys, nud how's things? Worral and Blosse here ?" " 1'es, boss. Inside, playing." " So ? And what are they playing' for ?" The men grinned, and jerked thoir thumbs in the direction cf the small room behind the saloon " Big stakes ' Mike laughed. "Ha, ha! Canning dogs! I heard there was something in the wind. I'm earlier than I intended; come iu for tho fun after all. Never mind, lot 'em play ; let'em play— it'll do them good. No, thanks, wo won't look at tho stakes yet. Plenty of time for that ; and Worral might not like it. He s boss here. We'll drop in to see him and his parluer first. By-the-Ly. you remember this man 1" pointing to me. " 1 picked him up on tlio wav here, a ,1 »A,..i un- to come along for a bit of a game. Get down. Harry. Now, boys, lot's have a drink all round. I m as dry as a niosquilo iu June." Thus speaking iu a lone loud enough for all tho world to hear, Mike dismounted leisurely steppod across the porch, and, carelessly tilting his sombrero back with hia right hand, quietly eulored Menke's saloon. Ho was greotcd with a silence that could he felt. It was tho shadow of tho hawk over the chicken-yard. " Come, stand to, stand to, those who'll have anything," aaid Mike in a cheery tone, his ey»a slipping rapidly from face to face, until he caught sight of two men in the further corner of the room. "Mr. Menke" — shaking bauds with the saloon-keeper — "how nre you? Business is brisk to-day. So, I licaryou'vo Eastern visitors again. Well, gentlemen, and wlml'll you have! All right ; fivo cocktails, two sherry cobblors, three lagers, and 0110 egg-nog Servo 'cm out, .Mr. Menke, ntid put it down to me. Thanks ; ami now, Joe, tell me what you've all been up to." Mike was now stirring a glass of brandy, and smiling amiably, his back against tho counter and his legs comfortably crossed. The ominous silence and louks askance, which had heralded his first appearance, now subsided. The players wont on with their games, tho drinkers sipped their whisky, and ouly two men near tho wooden partition at tho further end of the room still kopt their eyes on tho new comers. These were Worral and Blosse. Thoy did not come forward to greet us. "And so," said Miko, after hearing Joe's account of tho arrival, and critically examiuing tho contents of his glas3 — a sip between each word — " this- raid is entirely the : funeral of l'ete and Kit.l" . " Yes ; but we're to have a sharo of what's on the old mail." "Of coarse," chimed in Miko gravely.; " Well, Harry, I guess, if you've had enough whisky, we'll move up a little, and hunt, for a vacant table and two partners. I feel rather like beginning that game I promised yon. The bill, Menke." As Mike spoke he stretched himself and yawned. Then lie paid his money leisurely, pocketed tho change, and with slow and care less step made his way towards the upper end oi the saloon. I followed closely. Wo were in n largo oblong room, the door at which wo entered opening at one end closo to the bar. There was a stove here, lighted even in this warm weather, end six men sitting round it smoking, with their feet on the top, and their chairs tilted back as far as they might safely go. Beyond the stove, which we now left behind us, and stretching to tho wooden parition near which Worral and Blosse had seated thcmsolves, were two lines of small tables for cards, each accommodating four plnyers. We went about half way up tho room, and then Mike stopped to lay his hand with a short greeting on the shoulder of a card-player. At the touch and sound the man rose quickly and motioned towards tho table, i " Wfli yuu come in, Mike ? Me and Bill are only fooling for a few cents." " No, Josh. You're in iha middlo of a ronnd. There's no hurry. We'll watch you a bit. Blenty of time for our game. Eh, Harry ?" He turned to me with a smile, but at the satno raomcut trod sharply on my toe, I liad now to put; the greatest pressure upon myself to preserve au easy bearing, and not excite attention from tbosa around. The allu sion lo Laura by the uiun, the knowledge that vvc were close hy her, liad completely broken down the benumbed, hopeless despair. It was well tliat ordinary Western life gives a man a bard, grim face; It was well that Mike had warned me of the danger before I started. Had it not been, for this I must have aroused the deepest suspicion, ' At last I could bear tho suspense no longer, and, softly pressing Mike's foot, said as ear nestly, as.I could, though: tho hollownosj of my voice startled' due ; "When is tho fun to begin ? I catno hero expecting a game. ' It's a long time coming." Mike turned quickly with a significant nod. " All right, lad, in' a miiiuto You're too impatient Thanks, Bill ; well , I guess wo'U come. Mr. Mcnkc, a now dock of cards hero.". We were standing close together. Miko now leant towards me, and slapping liis pocket as if his words had reference to money, whispered : 'f I've had to keep quiet so long to get 'cm off tho scent Thoy suspected our game when wo first turned np. Now the course, is clear. There's only one thing to say , keep' yourself still, and dou't look at Kit until I say 'Short Cut.' Then pull as. quick as yon please, back up against me, and corer the boys at the bar. The moment a six-shooter comes out begin to fire, arid keop on till I tell you to stop. Quiet, now; here's Kit with the news. Steady, bov!" With a step riot quite so sine as it had been an hour ago Kit Blosse came towards us, between the rows of card tublo-r, and, holding out his hand with a grin, shook both Mike's and my own warmly, " Very glad to soo ye, by George 1" he said hoarsely. " We were finishing a gamo, Pete aiid me, so I didn't come round before. Are you going' to play? Well, you must excuse me. Hero lie smiled so broadly that lie showed every tooth in bis head. "And what ore yon going to do, Kit?" said Mike, shuffling tho cards Mcnko had hseded to him, with an absent air. "Do— Eh? Do? Oh, I've been plaving l'ete here, for high slakes, llist's all, and'l'vo beat him. Arid now I'm going to count the winnings." Again, he held out bis hand, with a drunken chuikie, but somehow I contrived not to seo it, so with' a grunt he went slowly back n"uin towards the door in tho wooden partition. As he left us Mike deposited his cards quickly on tho tabic, and glanced keenly after the retreating figure. Kit liad stopped half way, and was now leaning over the back of a chair tulkiog lo someone. " Is this a full pack, nermann ?" Tliero was a general laugh. As if anyone would think of giving Mike Allison a short one. "Well, I must count it and see. Come, gather up your stakes, boys, and dou't staro at ui; we're ready. " The man called Bill now moved to my side ; and with a quick, decided motion. Alike began to count, "Twenty, tweuty-one, twenty-two," again I felt u pressure ou my foot, aud saw him put down two cards togollicr; " twcuiy-thice twenty-four, tweuty-five." Kit had now con-' eluded his conversation, and resumed Lis pro gress towards the door. Tlio cards wcro puss- iog Mviftly through Mike's hands, tut he was not Jookiug at them. « Forty-six, fortr-sereu. forty-eight. Kit was close to the partition, i etc >» orml, half risen from his chair, was peering intently after him tl Short Cut," It wus tho word at last. With a swift morcmont Mike stopped for- ward, facing the wooden partition, holding in each band a cocked revolver Crack, the doublo report rang out iu the low- roofed eaioon, with a smothered roar. Through tho etifliog smoke 1 dimly saw the tall figure near tho door sway to and fro like a tower undermined with ZT pow.tor, totter and fall forwards will, th- l, unmistakable thud of a deadmau At thps'lV' moment came a crash of breaking wood ? man at the table close by had sprung up with a sharp, convulsive cry, and, stumbling V v wards over hi, chair, smashed it to fragments As Miko gave the word I drew my ret0> . ' and standing against him, back to back ua««i the muzzle slowly round the faces in front me. At tlio samo time, clearly audible ing ? f 1,18 5tartled crowd) came his warn! "Steady! steady! The first who puts hi, finger on Ins pistol will goto Kingdom (W before ho can wink. Steady, I say, steady I" tor a few seconds uo one moved. There only five men in front of mo at this time, am these tlio least concerned m tlio matter Thi rost, furious though thoy were, and bound br the only code of honor they possessed to avena. this outrage at all costs, stood quelled by tha mail who feared nothing ; who never missel hi. aim ; and who, for .fivo years past, bad never failed for good. or ill to keep his word. But this could not last. Iu a few minutes wa must have been fighting lor our lives, the odd, against us— 10 to 1, At this moment, however thero was ri loud shout from Menke, who was watching the sceno from behind a whisky bar- rel Tbo door near the bar flew open, audJA-.I Bluudcll, followed by thirty cowboys wifli thoir rifles nt tbo ready, and every finger on ' the. trigger, came hastily in. Mike turnod his head at the wclcorao sound and as tho desperadoes became as quiet as - mice, and raised llicir . hands in token of sub- mission bo exclaimed promptly : " Hold up, Jake." Which just came in time to save the lives of Mcukc aud tbo men I was coiering. In trooped the new comers, and .Mike Alison and the Sheriff shook hands, for the first time in their, lives. -- -.'Nep. Gillespie was with the rcscuo party, arid now catno up to me, usfe and anxious. " Where aro they ? " I pointed to the partition " ' am just going to see." i'ou wait, she said quickly, holding my 1 ariu. Then, raising her voice, addressed tho g Sheriff : " Mr. Biuiidell, will you please take care (hat no one leaves this place uutil I have been iuto the' room behind, alone ? The pas sengers from the slage nre there." Jake nodded, and looked down npon her approvingly. " Boys," he roaro.l, " up with the rifles again, and if there's a movement anywhere : lot go." < " If the girl's been so much as spoken rough," he continued, glaring npon the gang, " not one living soul who saw them taken in shall leave this place alive— not one living soul. Steady with yor repeaters, boys. We're ready, Miss Nep. You go forward now. If the news is bad, say ' Yes.' if all's safe, ' No.' Then wo shall know what to do. Keep still, Thornton, it'll be all over in a minute." Then, amid a silence so profound that the champing of tho horses outside could be plainly beard, Nep opened the door, gave a little cry, and passed qtricklv in. Faying no attention to Jake,' I followed' her, aud, standing orcr Kit Blosse's dead body, waited breathlessly. Now the door handle was turned again, nud Nop reap peared ; sho stopped aside forme to pass in, and then said qnietly " NO." CiiArTEa VI — A Gexilema.n Bors. Two days afterwards. We were at Eagle Tail Baneha. It was 10 o'clock. Tho girls had- gone, to hod. Mr Temple sat in tho easy chair, arid Jack, tho Sheriff, myself aud Kirk Troy, whoso loug ; togs lay across half the side of the room, completed the circlo. ? Suddculy, and without any warning, tho Sheriff arose solemnly and delivered bis soul of the following oration : "Friends," bo began slowly, "I'm going to say a thing for which there may be folk—" and hero lie looked at me — "who'll cry, 'Blame him fur an intcrferin', hackbitin' spite ful meddler.' Wa'al now, I've rockoued to . chance this. For, 6cz I, vvhere's tho good of . beiu' Sheriff of this county if I don't do my dnty all ronnd ? Frivato as well as public. " Now, what I've ou my miuu is this: , A man hero got acquainted in a pecooliar kind ; o' way with Miko Alison. This Siike Alison, : whom wo all know, and vvc ueedu't go out of our way lo call him uaiuos, quite coutrairy lo his own nntuie, docs mor'n one real handsome thing by this man, uud ho, being impetuous inclined, uud not sceiu' or knots in' the other side of tho cuss, scz, ' Be my friend.' ' i "'ill, sez Mike. Aud, boys, I aint the one to say as j he didn't meau it honest nud square— when he , said it. But a bit later a young lady comes i out — the purtiest morsel. I'm willing to suear, ! ns was ever seen ou this airth, or any '-lcr' Under circumstances wo all know about, Mite j Alisou sees this young lady, aud from ihe , moment ho sets eyes on her — " here the Sbenu raised his Toicc, aud emphasized each vvord— " he never ceases lookiu' ut her ontil shes out - of sight. Well, you say, why shuuldnt he look ut such u girl ? Mauy an houcst man would stare his eyes out, nud no blame to him- Ay, that's so ; but bo wouldn't look as Jl'te Alison looked. No, nor lie vvouldu't) bw a' he bowed, nor he wouldn't say ' I won t forgot as bo 6aid it, unless — lie meant mischief. Bejrs, Horry Thornton has asked Mike Alisou to v isit here, and I kin see hy bis faco that nothing 1 can say will persuado him to countermand tae invite. But do you just remember that I speaking with twenty years' experience ct suee as him, and I say — beware of him ! eyes vvoll greased when ho'a around. Den t her out of your sight one moment, as vou vol s your souls. I tell you, boys, so help ,n heaven 1 if that man comes prowlin areuaa here with a free hand there will be trouble. Jako sat down aud wiped liis brow, a 1 closo proximity in which he bad stood to t fire, and his own excitement, made him pcrspt as if it were tho middle of summer. No ®i>« apoko for a miuuto. I was too angry to Iru tuy5elf, and the others too much astonished. A» last Jack said, in his dryest tones— ,. "So you havo invited Miko Alison |® ... ranche, Harry ? Yon might have waited a you hail a place of your own." .. "I ahall ho happy to receive him i® . stable, if you please,' I replied hotly, 1 ''I wont' have hiui here. Laura mid I will do best to muko him comfortable." My partner shrugged his shoulders. "Of course, he's free to come, al yo . naked him, and wo must hopo for the best fchall bo glad tbongh# for your own on become a little wiur. ' ' Thanks. I hope it will be some btfottift become# mj- practice to wax == 77 rnau who lias dono more for thJuIJor upoa » d siutcrCslo(lncss, than anyone I3t'oul r met Don't forget, Jack, thnt ho i icc-oncc from the Indians and ea'f f w " 1 ' ' , thieves. And now ho has said lMr' Tcmi110' " wo must "1,'?rflt'twant wn to for6ot il> HarrJ- Yoa i,? the Greatest obligations to this man, lM, f YoVever RCt n chance you must repay forking him to this ranche-'; ft sliraggcJ his shoulders. "By-thc-by, J !? nn "TOU told me onco how he started u tsara s nanic. When was that ?" night the Indians burnt my camp i.y« IIow much disinterested kindness ufdon't'hat at has to do with it" „ it depends 1" war the dry reply. Teas silent. There was a nasty flavor in i H- words We had never got at the bottom ft!, start.' Then I thought of those true 1, ev iaed I turned abruptly to the Sheriff. P.' don't want to impute any bad motives to Jiko Dlnndell, but I must say this— I tak roar suspicions are utterly unfounded. 1 not care one straw about Mike Alisons his- hv no doubt ho hns done things. But I Wish ia him. ' I believe ho means well nnd Sir by US. I shall not cither by word or Ink licit him otherwise than as a most true /' j put I will do this : I will repeat to Hiss Temple what yon havo said, and so put It on her guard. If she bolieves your state- rats I will act accordingly. At tho same tir I must beg you to distinctly understand tilt I will not allow a word to be spoken riinst Miko Alison in ray presence. What sis; hs has done to others ho lias been a true Jr'.end to me, 1 rose now quickly, ana went into mo next l»a to iar down sheepskins and blankets. Itaagh the open door I could sco that ICirk Tnjhsd risen from his seat, nod was peering it ft: Sheriff with a look of intcose interest, iclUuil Jake's mattered comment on my ""Ms! bey, foolish boy I I knew he'd fakfitin this w'ny. S'clp me, gentlcinon, I've bo spile agin tbnt man ; but I kuow what I'm nrio't and I say again, and yet again, there — fjl-bj-ttonble. We have not heard tho hit ol Mike Alison." We hid not, indeed ; yet tho last of him was ray, ray far from what Jake Blundcll cx- fxlrf, ss you shall see. Cairm VIL— At Eaqlr Tail Raxcite. The next morning Jake Blundcll returned to bra. Ho said nothing more to me about ihte ; but I overheard a remark to Jack when tsvis taking leavo : " Yes, you may te sure I'll keep my eyes trl eirs open, and watch him and his gang hcriul enough. There's others on tho job, lb), nearer headquarters than me." Later in tho day 1 saddled Comanche, and Inughtout u littlo bay marc, Jack's wedding prtseut to Luurs, which for sotno time past I tiiriJJen daily myself with a blanket round my knees, and was now able to pronounce perfectly safe. Wo were starting on our first eipeliiiou to the new ranche. Ou the way I told Laura of what had passed | « the preceding evening. Never, before or I u». hive I seen her quite so angry. "Haw abominable to say sack things I Mr. | Alison look at me in an impertinent manner ? Ming oi (he kind. lis was most polite. , 1 dm cue what ho has done. I would trust Eiseif with that man, Ilarry, alouc, as readily ul would with Uncle Geoffrey. ' " "And for Jack, too, to mistrust him ! as well I Entrust Sep, But oh! Ilarry, my dear" — mi here Linm smiled all over her luce" in such ! 'i thit I found it necessary to institute m'.hrr interruption — "ore they eugdged ?" | e»01 mc4B P "id Jack ? Certainly "But they are so much together; and I » certain he cares for her, , aud that she knows I i ! ' daresay ; but docs he know that sho iwsit? llemember — well, I won't say it V-'!3-2. 'te in America,' Western America. , an" 1 "«o only knoivn Nop for tho past X .mo?,llls I previous to that sho was at S,u East, spending her holidays at Si1. ®'hey are friends." "At tho same wr. i "Fab a bachelor for 20 miles round Jdjesaot rave about her, hnd.Jnck has a ut'i'u ma's ho has ono, I.hopo yon b»ir »'h ? sare' frsho is really an exceed- iI educated girl, and a truo 'lady at ciu ri'i she does carry a revolver and "uniea bucking horse." . \ , v s:l.,-j!'.i4I?iSllr0 ,bo " And yct,I. can't quite HWa? i ,cse Amtr'can fricudsliipa. She a "'ch, alone. Arc her other friends Ll whr ?J ..p.rivilcSes? Ana if 'h»y OM o' i'a-1, it,- " !'c say something. One reads ' fni, 1D-S' ? books- 1 «">' W I "he it." faaenii. ' v1 answercJ s'U'l'ng. "I do, K)re-nri 'r' 1 and ' 'iavo ridden together lo»" m!s" I thoso Uuys are over now Birutn didn't look liko it this Htcdrfr' i ? J'ou wero showiug her your AM 1 anlclcan'ng hers." jfttaw l»lsurelv'at\V e<"ly 0D' Pursuin8 our 'lUGitn tv'-w , wct0 nw within sight lata p,n. , ' 2 Keru just going to break pihi. To, "n'n wVa"' Mr Gillespie ap- II, ®usoa 'he road from town, tbthes batui'i as usual iu neat hlack r.iin.. b'Mi, ft, how donned a pair of smart duly sparre'l . remarkably high heels, and Liajinrj from' ,a 'u".slso Colt's revolver was '»>& raTL wa'stl aud Lo rode a wild nn t5', 4 ',oued. cow ponv. Altogether lie civaiscd "'«!ukLdVmerriaT'ty' thUfih Ws '-I Wor'f„!'S,! ft"!"' you don't look so much hY &%. Wonderful reviviQ f'pallcm upIclicaa a,r' Ufrf ! "ow's tho it, last,,; i » X usc UP p Ay, he 'u«b. You n? i- i 8000 Im" round, !«t though t in" are, What ho know " ' "lost of tho Rifled wiu,1 J"'' kccP VOU. I sco you ft" to lUTe . inn, ,acH' 1 »m just tottiu' thi' Pre ha U a lltl K'rl, and to toll which m oDc.rf"r "'0 wool he lett Hwckad nf / EUlt him- By-the-by, 'eotsickandL y0a' , Y'10 American "belher he'll (" ,.mo for B 8PoU- h'Ncb"V" champagne ."feft'a'aof Ihiogs. h« has happened to him? Mr. Gilicspio gavo bis mouth a comical twist. that's hard tclliug — very! The official bulletin says ' severe indisposition and rheumatic affections in the limbs.' I should bo inclined to bavo said, hankerings after thanks- giviug- day, pumpkin pies and whisky fixiu's I Its a fact, hovvovor, that lie's gone and that thore s no ono to run your funeral— I beg par don, marriage— until he comes back. I''rap3 he'll turn up beforo Christmas, if not, vou'd better fetch him. Adios." We rode on slowly in silence. Had 1 been alono I should have used strong language con- ceruing that parsou. There was no help lor it, though; and Laura reminded me that tho preparations which had yet to be made were so many that two months would very soon pass and our home bo all the more complete nnd comfortable at the end ot it. Tho worst point was tho probable stato of the weather. I solemnly swore, however, there and then, that it this parson should make any exemo by rea son of the cold, I would follow Mr. Gillespie's advice aud fetch him," if I had to carry a lasso aloug and tie him down. Two months we had to wait beforo that par son would cotne back to his Western ministra tions— -two months. To Laura the time was spcut in learning Ihc manners and customs of her new home, in arranging fie furniture at our ranche, in riding the pony I had broken in for her, and in going about the country with Nop, Jack and myself, Ooly one incident happened during this time. This was tho promised visit ot Miko Alison. It is curious what a fatality there is about some tilings in this world. The very first day that business called Jack and myself to town together nnd tho rancho was left iu the charge of Kirk, Sarah Brunt and the girls, whon tor three weeks previously we had never left them unprotected for a single hour, Mike must needs tako it into his head to pay that visit. It was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon that ho came. Nop was lying back on tho couch reading a novel ; Laura was amusing herself turning orer some music, old and new, trying this and that on the piano ; Sarah Brunt was busy about household work in the kitchen ; and Kirk Troy was in the stable mending har ness. He was the Drst to hear the sound ol approaching hoofs, and, lacking out, s»w the wellknown_ buckskin horse on the road from town, pacing steadily towards llie ranche Throwing down his work, he tore to the house, llis half-crazed brain was nearly turned with terror ; he had sucked iu every word spoken by Jake Blundell. More than that, ho remem bered it all, and ho behoved that tho most frightful things were about to happen right away. Aud yet, though long before Mike reached tho place Kirk had taken a loaded rifle from tho rack and drawn the doghead back to the full, it was characteristic of bis weakened brain that ho never warned the girls of their danger, nor went out boldly to meet the sup posed villain. Instead of this he skulked behind tho door between bedroom and kitchen, and, in answer to Alika's whistle, Sarah Brunt made iier appearance alone. At sight of Black Miko even tho stout heart of the spinster heat more quickly than usual, though' sho braced herself to meet the difficulty in a becoming spirit. - Good day, ma'am !" said the new comer, in mild accents. " Anyone at home ?" " Not a crcetur, except mc and Kirk Troy," was the prompt auswer. " Is that so?" and Mike smiled broadly, for at this moment Laura struck up a spirited march, which could have Been heard a mile. Sarah Brunt put ber arms akimbo, and tossed her head : " Ob, of course the girls is in ; but I didn't count them, as I knew thoy'd nothing to do with you. Como rouud at sundown again, if you're passin'. Jack and Ilarry will bo at home, then." "Thanks," was the tranquil answer. " I've ridden 20 miles and I don't feel like doing any more. I'll get down. Miss Temple and I hare mot before. Tell them I'm here, if you don't mind." Miss Brant drew herself up, at the same timo glancing sideways at Ivirk Troy, who stood at Iho inner door with his cocked rifle. " No, Miko Alison, for that's who you arc, and I kuow you well. I will uot tell them young girls that you're come. And I kiu tell ycio straight, I thiuk you've got blasted impi- dcnco oven to ask mo. That I dew 1" Mike made no reply to this delicato hint. lie was dismounting at the moment, aud now turned his back upon the housekeeper, aud led his horse to Hie bitching post at the corner of the house. Securing Leone there, Mike strolled back in a leisurely manner. ; Miss Brunt was still in tbo doorway, watching him svith a de fiant but anxious eye. ; "And what do yon want now?" she said shortly, as ho canto up. " I wish to kuow," ho said, "whether you are going to tell Miss Temple that I'm here ; or whether I must announce myself?" "Neither the one nor the other," was the emphatic rejoinder. "Kirk, cover him; and let fly if he makes the slightest uiovo forward. Now, Mike Alison, no fooling. Just git 1 " At these words Miko's face, which up to this moment had been wearing a quiet, amused smile, changed. This was somewhat moro than a joke, llis brotvs contracted, and his teeth slowly closed upon his moustache, and though for several seconds he stood perfectly still, the intrepid spiuster, to uso her own expression, "felt shivers run up aud down her back like water snakes." " I am sorry to be tinpolilo to a ladv," said ho at last, stepping forward, and putting Miss Uruut asido with as much ease aud gentleness us if sho had been a baby, " but this kind of thing gets monotonous afterawhilo." He camo now faeo to face with Kirk. Tho idiot's riflo was at tho shoulder, aud for a fractional part of a second Miko's Angers went in search of his revolver, and Kirk s life hung by a hair. But belter feelings gamed the dav, nud ho only said stcruly : " Put that down. Don't try to frighten me. You know perfectly well that you could not hit mo if you flred. Your hand is tremb- Tho lucu looked at each other fixedly. Kirk had brought himself fully to tho pitch of shooting auvbody or anything, if they had they had to push past biiu and open the parlor door ; hut litis man did not push, lie simply glared at him with torriolo shining cye3p a ud, uodcr his looki Kiik felt lnuisol losing all heart and power. " Put that down." said Mike again now slowly approaching tho idiot, step by step. Kirk sighed twice, waver ad, cast an imploring look at Sarah Brunt, as it wishing tho would take his place, and then slowly lowered the muzzle of Ins weapon, and stood still and help- w»iLi , r,a,13 mt0US1! disgust, whilo Miko walked steadily pn5t him, and laid his baud on tho lock of tho parlor door. —An hour later Jack and I arrived from town. Wo were surprised to see Sarah running out to meet us, and spurred forward sharply. "What's the matter?" ftlf18, devil," was tho breathless reply, lies hero. Nothing short. It is Alike Alison himself. He has been alone in the scttin -room for I dunno how long with Ncp and Laura, aud there's that blamed idiot cuss as foolish as he's high, a-squattin' on tho door- stcpwith a shot guu, and a-sayin' ha'U havo Alike s blood when he comes out, yot without spunk enough to go in and take it thero and then like a man aud a Christian. And here am 1, a-worrittin" myself to death, for fear that gun should go off iu his great clumsy hands and hit the wrong person ; and because I can't tell what s happenin' inside, and yet dursn't peep in and see. For goodness sake, hurry up, boys, or they'll be all murdered beforo vo net there." Wo did as we wore told promptly, and Jack s face was as white as tho redness of his com plexion would permit by the time wo swung off our horses aud made for the parlor. Thoro was Kirk, as Sarah had described, crouching on the step, hugging a shot gun, with long and anxious countenanco, au unpleasant glitter in his eyes. Wo walked past him quickly and opened the door. Wbat Jack expected to see I know not ; but I never saw a man look moro foolish than ho as, with a cocked revolver in his hand, bo stepped in and saw tho girls at the piano in the net of beginning a dnot. Be side them, and placing the music book in posi tion, was Miko Alison. " I havo not heard this piece for 10 years," he was saying, "and it was thought old fashioucd then, I remember; but I used to consider it one of the prettiest ever written. Such duets as this do not seem to be composed nowadays." Cir.irTER VIII.— WHAT DO YOU HERE ? The Western man has many qualities pecu liar to himself, but none so characteristic as a power of keeping his countenance, and retain ing self-possession, under the most trying cir cumstances, Thus, whon Jack opened the parlor door with bloodthirsty intent, and found tbcro a polite and sociable party engaged in the ianocont occupation already mentioned ; though be inwardly felt, as he con fided to Ncp afterwards, "as mean as a squashed snail ;" yet, after one whispered exclamation, and a nonplussed glance, he dropped his revolver into its holster, as if it were out by the merest accident, and greeted the visitor in the pleasantest manner imaginable, as if his presence was no surprise at all. " And how havo you oeen amusing yonrsclf this afternoon, Mike ? I hope they made you welcoino." " We did our best," said Laura innocently, while Sarah put down the dish she was carrying with a prodigious bang, and hastily left the room. " Mr. Alison has been refreshing his memory of home by looking at photographs of English people. 1 hope he did not find it very dull ?" There was a curious questioning tone in Laura's voice ; and glancing at her I noticed that her eyes wero bright and hor chocks a little flushed. Mike, also, turned his head away before he replied slowly with llio same refined tone and accont I hnd heard once before: " Yes, Miss Temple was kind enough to in troduce me to nil tho members of her family in succession. It was very interesting. And it certainly did remind me of old times;" lie spoke in carefully-measured tones, which brought back to mc the evening at camp, when I had told him Laura's name. I stretched my hand over the back of her chair to a little table where the family album stood, and without spoakiDg began to turn tho pAge3 carelessly, wutchiug Mike out of tho corner of tny eyes. There was a photograph of myself when a boy, ono of Laura1 s fathor and mother, and then a likeness of her eldest sister, married to nn old coliogo tutor of mine. Laura now laid her hand upon the book and smiled : " Mr. Alison was so anxious to. know who this could be, that I formally accused him of knowing Adelaide. But ho denied it. Did you not, Mr. Alison?" lie was looking at me fully, tho lamp Sarah had just placed on the table shining brightly on his face. I noticed for tbo first time that in spito of bright keen eyes, and a fierce mouth, the. prevailing expression of his face was sadness, tho sadness of a man in constant pain. But his voice was perfectly composed as he replied slowly : "I do not think anyone could fail to ho struck with such a faco as that, if it wore only from its likeness to your own, Miss Temple." "Iudeedl Bat Adelaide is ever so. much handsomer than I am,'' said Laura, looking pleased, " though it is true that , when this was taken she was about my age. And what think yon of the photo opposite ?" " Your sister's husband ?" " Yes. " A splendid face, is it not ?" " No donbt. I am not much of a judge." He bent his head nearer to the book, ns if to examine tho photo closely, but following tho dircelion of his cyos I saw that they wero fixed upon the likeness of the girl. Tlion ho turned the page nnd looked up at Laura, and again I saw that hungry, longiug glance which had awakened Jake's distrust a tow wooks ago. It was very strange. Before supper was ready we tiad threo addi tions to our parly, for Mr. Gillespie aud Mr. Temple, when returning from their daily ex cursion, had run across tho Sheriff, aud, while tho album still lay open before mo I beard his deep voice in tho kitcheu greeting Sarah Brunt. A iniouto later ho came in giving a perceptible start when he saw Miko Alison, smiling at the same timo with a peculiar griinness. " Yes," ho answered Jack's greeting. " 1 was nncerlaiu about coming, thinking that n'raps I'd bo in tho way ; hut now that I find this fneui is hero I'm glad I accepted the iuvite." He gravely saluted Miko, aud I saw tho two inca look at each ol her loug and steadily. When supper was over the company broke into nairs, Mike Alison and Mr. Gillespie lighting cigars, »u.t strolling off to the stables; Jako Blundell aud Mr. Templo mixing their toddy, and drawing up to tho tire. Tho girls were iu high spirits. It was cvideut that the favoraolo impression tkoy had lormod of Miko .Alison a few weeks ago had been strengthened by their Cxporienco of tho afternoon. Tho next diy wo took our visitor to the new ranche. Jack was busy and could not come, though Ncp went with U3 ; but Kirk Troy saddled his iiorso, uninvited, and rode behind Laura with a clouded brow» Tho unfortunate man was in a reslless and excitable state. From the time when I had taken his gun from him the day before, with a sharp reminder that he must not medi tate murder of my friends, he had offered no open hostility to Mike, but it was evident that he neither loved nor trusted him. lie would never leave Laura now under any pretext what ever, if lie could help it. But there were others besides the idiot to whom the presence of Mike Alison gave the gravest uneasiness. Though neither Jake Blundell nor Jack now said a word against our visitor before me, they more than one coun cil of war over the matter when I was out of the way. Mr. Temple, of c jurse, was already in their confidence, and, it most be confessed, sided sltongly with them. _ " And now -there is another filing," said Jake, after going through the old 6tories of Mike's bloodthirstincss, and the men he had killed, and the companions he. kept, and the terror .which lie .inspired. - "Apart -from all these, I have just learned a fact which makes mo moro than commonly uneasy, AU.Mike's money — nt least, I suppose it was all he had — lay in a bank at Trinidad. He's taken it all out in a lump. What's he done that for, except that lie is meditating some villainy? And what is that villainy? Tell me that? He's foolin' round, I say, with a bad pur- pose 1" Mr. Temple, romcinbering the mauvais quart d'heurc in tho saloon, groaned " What could it be?" Mr. Gillespie, however, who was present, went off unexpectedly on quite the opposite tack. He listened to all Jake's arguments to the very ond without saying a word. Then he made quite a speech in roply : " I can't say that I think you've proved your case at present. Everything you tell me, and lay such stress upon, might be explained just as well the other way. He's fooliu' round for a bad purpose, you say— nn infernal purpose. Well, he is foolin' round, there's no doubt of that ; but why for a bad purpose ? Why, he's always looking hard at Miss Laura ? Well, so am I, and so are you, and so is everyone else who gets a chance, except Jack, who stares at Nep. Why not account for it naturally, and say straight out she's an almighty pretty girl ? Then he has not shot anyouo for a month past, and you say this points to tbo conclusion that he's bottling up for a good old tear round when his plans are matured. Why, it seems to me, uow, much more natural to supposo that the society here has a softening influence liponhim, specially that of Harry, whom Mike cares for, 1 believe, as if he wero his brother ; and it is said that even Mike Alison's chief pleasure does uot lie in plugging his friends. Yes, I'm well aware of what ho has done in the way of shootiu', Jako ; I know all about it. I under stand the pocooliarity of all that money he had at Trinidad being withdrawn in a lump the other day without a reason beiug given. But, come to think of it, it is his own; and wo dou't all let tho world know xvhat our private business is, or will -be. - And so," concluded Mr. Gillespie, with tho ghost of a- twinkle in his brown eyes, " it just seems to me, boys, that about the scnsiblest thing we can do is. to mind our own affairs aud let Harry and Miko mind theirs." . There wa3 another person at Angle Tail Rancho who was rnado desperately uncomfort able by the suspicions of Jake Blundell. This was Nep Gillespie. A week after Miko took up his abode with us sho was riding alone with Jack, and, for the first time in his presence, broached the question of Mike's past life. . " Yes," he had answered drily, " I have no doubt somo peculiar things. have happened to h'nh. He is a very peculiar man — more ucculiar than pleasant." - Nop looked at her companion wun cnriosity. i ' I think him very ploasaut, " she said; " You don't know him as- well as I do." : " Indeed ? How many times . have you mot him, then, beforo ho came hero?" " Three or lour." . " So liavo l. I danced with hiin'once." "A great honor." " Well, I had a real good timo, He was tho best partner there. " Jack was silent a minute. Then. ho said, iu tho tono of ono who has made on his mind npon a difficult question : " I know nothing about his dancing ; but I do know, what you do not apparently, that he's a great scoundreL" "But why should wo fear him ?" "Why? Can't you understand that a man without principle, such as tie, is never safe ? Suppose he wanted to possess something here very badly, what would prevent him taking it if he got tbo chance? I thought that perhaps you might help us. Neither Harry nor Laura will hear a word against tho' enss, aud believe that he stays hero simply because of his friend ship fcr Hal— or somo such bosh. Can you enlighten them? They arc nothing more than babies, after all, or they would know that ono who's killed as many men as Mike Alison during the past five years for the pleasure of killing can't help going on until he makes a fatso step some day aud kicks the bucket himself. But, Lord bi'css you, thoy go ou treating him like an ordinary Chrisliau, trusting him more every day, until I get so wild that I long to draw upon liim myself, and ond it, though 1 kuow how surely it would cud me." Jack paused here, liariug delivered himself of tho longest speech that was over kuowu to fall from his lips. Nep raado no answer for some time. Sho knew the nature of her com- pauioa well. A matter of great urgency alone could draw from him such a serious and earnest expression of opiuion as tho foregoing. Yet her belief in Mike Alison, though shaken, was not by any menus destroyed. It was stnnncl, not killed. After a few minutes' thought sho gathered herself together again and said gravely : "But, Jack, thero are one or two things that I cauuet understand if Mike Alison be all you say. If he has done so very many wicked things, why is ho allowed to live ? Of conrso I kuow what a good shot he is, and all that ; but I also know enough of men iu our country to be quite sure that an unmitigated villain would- not live long about here." Jack nodded. " Yo3, that is so ; out aon't diseouui ids shooting power, and, mare than that, his watchfulness. Throe times have cowbov«- hankering after tbo reward offered for Mike's life, slipped into a saloon behind him and waited their chance, and every time lie noticed this, and, as the man reached for his derringer, turned and shot him through tho head ; "tho folk about believing ho must have done it for fun, until tho dead man's pockets were searched and the guarantee form found. How ever, it is a fact that he is uot to be classed with such out-and-out villains and ruffians as Blosse and Worral. If he rides away with your horses one day, he may shoot you: deadliest onemy the next. Indeed, it is an open secret that it pays Jako Blundell far better to wink at his raids aud to reap the benefit of his fondness for revenge and blood than to hunt him down. But it's playing with a wild beast, who may at any moment take the wrong side." " I see," said the girl, thoughtfully, "Bub there is another thing. What is your notiou of Mike's intentions in the present instance ? Do you think that he has very bad ones in his mind, or that it is merely a kind of playing with fire to encourage him to feel at home .here?-" " 1 think his intentions are bad," said Jack,; -briefly. "Jake is obtaining private informa tion- from a very suro source, which, if proved," as' it racist be soon, will show that ho is' deliberately working out a scheme of a very internal naturo. Yon sec,- Miko is not a- common rascal at all. Iu his way he is a: genius ; therefore, he will not make rough and clumsy plans. With all his recklessness he has a huge amount' of self controL To show how serious the sheriff believes the case to be I may tell you in confidence that he is already in communication with tho Governor about a- quick supply of troops in case of need. But wo won't go into this, nnd mind you don't say a word about the troops to a soul " " Of course not," she replied gravely, and' then they rode in silence for some time. But in Nep's activo mind an idea now began to- form, which became more distinct and sub stantial every minute. At last she said earnestly : "I suppose I may not know exactly what you accuse Miko Alison of intending to do?" - " No," was the emphatic answer. " I make no definite accusation against the man at aU— ' yet" " Then yon don't know why he is here ; you only suspect the reason? " "Exactly." . \ "I understand," said the girl, very slowly.; "I understand. I presume now," she went on, in the hesitating tone of one who fears being accused of saying somctbing'very foolish, " that no one has asked him the question point- blank. Laugh at mc if you please, but I should liko to know." Jack bit his lip ; but ho did not laugh. ' " No, certainly not. It would be more than any man's 'life was worth if Mike took offence." Nep smiled. "And dare yon ask him that question. Nep?" . . ; "I would, without:hositation, if I thought it- would do any good. - Oh, I am not afraid of ; him," she added, laughing gaily. "And here we are at homo agaiu. Come, Ictus race to the stable — I am sure my Netty is faster than yours Antonio— vamos, amigo." Jack sighed. He would have preferred to ; go very slowly, and unburden bis soul of some- ' thing which during the past six months had ' oppressed it strangely ; but Nep's. word was - law, arid he was never very ready of speech, so ho missed his opportunity, aud they galloped " home. Two weeks passed by. Mr. Gillespie "re- ; turned to business, and Jako Blundcll accoiris .! panied him. But Miko Alison showed no sign " of leaving; on the contrary, making himself ' quite at home, and apparently throwing him- ; self heart and soul- into" the arrangements. of . furniture and the filling up of the new ranche. In this he gave most valuable, assistance, . having a pair of hsnd3 which seemed "capablo : of constructing anything. One morning Mike surprised me greatly by saying that he should be unable to put the ; finishing touches to the last of the book shelves at which he was working until the fol lowing daj',. as, lie was going to. escort Miss ' Gillespie to town. I wished him a .pleasant . ride, and wondered what Jack would think of this freak, lie did. not, however, seem at all ; disturbed when I informed him of the fact. ' It . was evident that be expected it. V ; So the black marc, Netty, and the buckskin ' Iiorso, Leone, with Uioir respective owners, ; loped briskly away, side by side, when break- - fast was over. It was past sundown when they ; returned. Wo looked at Ncp curiously. Sho ; was still grave and thoughtful, but talked moro freely" than had been the case for tho past few days. Tho mautlo of her former silence, how ever, seemed to have fallen upon Mike Alison. The old expression of intense watchfulness, which had been far less noticeable lately than in former days, had now returned. Ho con stantly glanced at Jack with a restless, ques tioning look, and the familiar curtncss of speech and manner gradually superseded his nowly acquired refined and gcutlc tone. Tbo girl had made up her miud to pnt that question to Mike of which she had spoken in a tentative manner to Jack. It required raro '; courage, however; and thinking over all. tho people I know, or ever have known, I can remember no one but Nep who would havo done such a thing. " Mr. Alison,'.' sho said at last, " I a3ked you to kindly ride with mo to-day, because I thought it right to say something to you, which I— which I felt should be said, both for ' your own sake aad for that of very dear friend of mine." Sho stopped a moment hero to steady her nerves and shape her words iu tho best possible way. Her companion bowed, aud turuiug slightly toward her, replied gravely : " Please speak out, Miss Gilicspio." " Thauk you, I will." Ilere the girl raised her flushed faco and looked steadily at him. "I am going to ask you a question which will seem very impe'rtinont. What I want to know is this ; Why have you, a man who, I am told, has never spent two consecutive weeks nt ouo house for live years past, takeu up your abodo so quietly aad resolutely at Eagle Tail Ranche?" Nop stopped to get her breath— somehow sho seemed to havo very little about her at this . moment — and watched tho effect of her words anxiously. She expected Miko to frown, start, - exclaim ; to do anything, in fact, but what ha _ did which was to turn slowl- awav icom bet Bteadfast look, and shake bis bead, with a eniile, half sad, balC bitter. " You are very angry ?" sbo said quickly, as be did not speak. I am a bit sorry," was the quiet reply. " I am a bit surprised, but not angry — at least, not With' you." . "You will answer my question then ?" " That is another matter. Are you quite sure that yon had a right to ask it ?" Nep blushed hotly. Then she remembered Tack's words, and recovered herself. " I said that it would seem impertinent. I see you think it so. But please answer my question." Mike stroked his horse's mane reflectively. . 11 So," be said slowly, talking to himself more than to her, " so the folk arc on the jump about me, eh ? And yon want to know why a murderer, a man whose hands are dyed with blood— oh I I know — a man like me obtrudes his presence upon respectable ranchc folk ? Truly, Miss Nep, it is a difficult nut to crack, a nut with a nasty taste j (red, whnt's more, I fear that I must leave you and your friends to break your teeth over it just at present. But I will answer your question. "I came hero because Harry Thornton in vited me ; I stay because he wishes me to do so ; and as long as this is so, I shall continne to stav if I see fit, because, for the first time for five years, I have an object in my life That is all I cab tell you. Is there any other question yon would like to ask ?" " No, thank you." And nothing more was said by either until they reached the town. Nep had cast her die, and lost. She was no wiser than when she left Eaglo Tail Ranchc. A few days after this, when Mike, Laura and myself were returning from the new ranchc, having put the last completing touch, a horse man galloped up and saluted Mike. I had seen the man before ; it was be who had told the tale of Laura's capture, and) Pete Worrat's dis comfiture, before the bar of Menke's saloon. While they were talking, Jack strolled up on foot, for we were close to home, and I noticed that ho looked upon the conversing horseman with a particularly benevolent smile. Presently Mike wheeled and rode up to ns ; he was grim and anxious, and said hur riedly : " I am sorry, friends, but I must be at Cim- marron to- night. I've urgent business there.'' He gripped my hand. " Good-bye, Harry. I'm glad I've seen all the bouse fixings through before I went, I shall run down on the 29th, to be in plenty of time for tho wedding. Good bye, Miss Temple." And with a wave of liis hat he dashed off at a speed with which the horse ot tho cowboy, who nccompanied him, bad considerable difficulty in keeping pace. " Ay, ay," growled Jack, as he watched the swiftly retreating figures. "He's quite right, and so was Jake. We havo not seen the last of "Vim yet, confound him ! " Chatter IX. — A Fish Oct op Water. Tho 18th of December was the day fixed by the Rev. Jonathan Chapin for his arrival at Eagle Tail Ranchc, a week before the wedding, it had hot been thought that he would appear upon the scene of action so early, but he returned from the East sooner than we had ex pected. E The reverend gentleman was duo at noon, but it was nearly sundown before Kirk Troy, who was chopping firewood, reported that "a cuss on a burro was makin' for the ranchc spry like, " and we knew that onr man was here. Jack and myself at once adjourned to the porch. On the slopo of prairie to tho north ward someone was approaching mounted on a donkey of patient aspect. It was a black donkey, of large, strong frame, much heavier in build and longer in limb than the English ass ; yet its master's feet were within a few inches of the ground, and at times it was an open qacstion whether they did not actually touch it. t The ranchmen about Cimmarron indulged in many candid expressions of opinion concerning the Rev. Jonathan and his burro. Mr. Gilles pie seriously asked him more than once whether a religious man of 12 st. ought to ride a donkey at all, if he did not make a practice of carrying it himself for a part of eTery ionrncy. A curious and striking spectacle did the tct. gentleman present as he come towards us. Upon his head was a narrow brimmed ' 1 wash basin " hat, tied closely round with a capacious red woollen scarf, to protect his ears from the cold. He wore a long dark ulster, so disposed as to cover nearly the whole of his donkey as well as himself, and from beneath this garment his feet appeared conspicuously, being held at right angles to his burro's sides, with gently elvated toes. When Mr. Chapin reached the house he solcmly introduced himself, and shook hands. Then he dismounted with as much dignity as if his donkey were a thoroughbred, and, giving the ieins into my hands, remarked graciously : "I should be much obliged, young man, i you would place this beast in your stablo, and fodder him well. I have ridden from Stockton his afternoon, and he is weary." After which ho promptly made his way past Jack up to the kitchen fire. 1 looked after the man with an astonishment and disgust too great for words. Of all tho cool things that auy one can do on the frontier, nono is so cool as to ask a stranger to attend to his horse. It is nearly as great an insult as it would be in tho East to expect J a white woman to clean his boots. When I returned to the ranchc I found the traveller baskiDg before tho parlor fire, and making himself very much at home. His long limbs were reposing at lull length across tho \- hearth, and lie was smiling at some remark of Nep's with superb condescension. Tho Rev. Jonathan Chapin was a thin man, with high cheek-bones, a very long nose and rather small eyes, which he had a liabit of half closing when makiugarcmerk of any length, and giving his listeners a stroug impression that he wasrepeatingalesson,welllearntby heart. This mannerism was rendered tho more conspicuous by a slow and deliberate utterance, and a voico with a strong nasal twang. He was clean sbaven, and hud dark, straight hair, worn rather long, and parted in tho middle. In dress, Mr. Chapin was Etrictly clerical, and it Is not to bo denied that his spotless white tie and long black coat gave tho place a civilised and respectable appearance, and made tho flannel shirts and buckskin garments worn by Jack and myself look extremely rough and uncouth. Supper was now served, and after the meal, warmed with good coffee and mutton cutlets, Mr. Chopin became mildly talkative. Mis remarks, like those of many other men, were principally about himself and his work. Ho gave us interesting reminiscences of efforts to plant knowledge of true religion in the darkened minils of Western men, which did not happen to have beeu very successful ns a rule ; but Mr. Chapin was very complacent about tho size of his congregation. " I pay frequent visits, yon see," he said, ' ' to my neighbors. It is this which answers so well. . . "I thought I would try preaching in tho saloon — yes, in the saloon itself — at the now town of Otero, at night. For this purposo I specially prepared a course of three sermons upon the besetting sins of settlers in the country. The first, dealing with want of respect for sacred things, and expressed in language as clear and strong as I could com mand ; the second, touching upon the wide spread use of bad language — a continuation practically of the one before ; and tho third, warning my- misguided friends of the retri bution inevitably in store, if they continued in their wicked unchoritablencss towards the Red man." " This was very brave of yon," said Nep. "Well," he replied with a modest sigh, "I was told — warned by your father, Miss Nep- tuna — that the risk was great ; but I felt tbat my duty was too clear to be mistaken ; so I went one evening when I knew the place was full. Yet, after all" — here Mr. Chapin sighed again, and contiuned with sad, impressive dignity — " I fear that my words only touched the hearts of very few. I had high hdp£s at first, for as I gave out my text, with a few introductory remarks, the card playing stopped, and even the whisky drinkers put down their glasses. Before I had gone far, how ever, a very extraordinary thing happened. The men left tha place. They did not go all together, but disappeared one by one until, when the moment arrived to make an appeal to their better nature, there was only the bar keeper left. Yes," Mr. Capin went on in a slow and meditative tone, while a preternatural silence rcgined in the room, " I do not remem ber ever being more surprised at anything in my life. I even stopped speaking, a thing which under no circumstances have I done before, and looked questioningly at the bar keeper. lie was a Christian man, and had been to the church more than once. 'James,' I said, what does this mean ? ' Sir,' he answered, ' you've been too much for 'cm.' ' 1 don't understand, ' I said, bewildered still. ' It's clearer than daylight, he replied, ' the boys are taken slick aback' — I repeat his own words — ' pulled off their toot. They've never boen spoke at before. Why, they're sensitive as girls, if you only knew it. Can't stand them words of yours, any more'n a cat can boiling water. Didn't you tell 'em the Lord would reckon wi' their sins hot, when he cotchcd them — or words to that effect ? Well — then, what can yoa expect? I tell you, parson, the boys didn' know tho Lord had heered of Otero vet ! Why, the railway depot's only been built six weeks! I was shocked, ns you' may well think, but after a little further talk I went away, feeling that my friend was right, I have not been there again,' but I shall go, and — and on the next occasion I shall be more gentle in my manner. It was a curious experience, was it not, sir?" turning to Mr. Temple, who Only nodded in reply. "Since then," continued Mr. Chapin, "I have confinod myself to visiting tho surround ing ranches : I find this answers well." " What an untold blessing it must be to the ranchc folk !" said Jack pensively. " Yes," replied Mr. Chapin, in a dry tone, "they dew seem to appreciate tho visits. I make a rale of calling in the week, and spend ing on evening with them, if I don't sec them at church on the previous Sunday, and you wouldn't believe, sir," addressing Mr Temple with a quiet smile, " how reg'lar their attend ance becomes after that." " l ean quite uuderstaud it — quite !" said the old gentleman testily, for his nerves were begin ning to suffer from the continuance of Mr. Chapin's eloquence. I think it was the day atter the pastor arrived that Jack ami Nep became en gaged. They went out for a ride together and did not return until late. As I opened tho door, Nep ran by me with peculiar swiftness, and then Jack's voice came out of tho darkness, with a husky tremble in it I bad nover heard before. "Harry, old boy, como hero and shako hands. Congratulate me, lad. We're en gaged." There was a general jubilation that evening, Two of the precious bottles cf champagne were drawn from tho cellar — for Mr. Gillespie had returned with the young people — and healths were drank and songs sung, until even Mr. Chapin brightened up, and volunteered to sing a ballad which a friend of his had com posed. it was a beautiful love song, supposed, I believe, to express the pnngs of a broken hearted and forsaken lover, and was applauded by us to the echo. But as the siuger had for- gotton most ot the words, and was not nt all sure of the tune, we did not ask for an en core. In the very midst of this jollity the dogs barked, and wo heard a halloo. Jack promptly threw open the door and went out, hospitality beaming ail over his face. When he returned, he was very much sobered down. " It is Mike Alison," ho said, quietly re suming his seat by Nep. " Seo to him, will you, Ifnrry ?" I sallied forth now and found my friend at Ihc stable. He smiled when I told him tho news. " Well," he said, " I shall bo intruding on a family party, and 1 will not come in to-night. Give my excuses. I havo blankets here, aud 1 had my supper at Stockton." " What nonscuse," I replied contcmptously. " come in, man, at once." Yet I could uot help thinking of Jack's face when ho told us who was here. Things turned out, however, very differently from what I ex pected. Even Jack acknowledged afterwards that the rest of the ovenlug could not havo been merrier than it was. Mike Atisou seemed to have cast Ills skin. His grimness and taciturnity hail disappeared, Ho set the girls down to tho piano, and mado them play everything they knew ; and when they rose at last, he nstou- nished us ail by taking their place with a laughing apology, and after a few false starts singing an old English hunting song iu a rich baritone, and playing his own accompani ment. "Oh, if Jake Blundell were only hero to seel" said Laura, as we frnuticully ap plauded tho performance, and asked for more, " But Harry," she now wbispdred, excitedly, as Mike began plaintiff love ditty, " 1 hav„ heard that voice before, I know I have. Oh, where could it have been ? It seems to bring back old days I Yet I cannot — I caunot re member when " And though Laura thought over it all the eyeuing, stio never came nearer to a solution of the problem. The only person who thoroughly disapproved of the appearance of Mike Alison was tho Rev. Jonathan Cliapiu. Jack declared that he looked upon Mike' as if ho were actually Satan in person. A collision between them was inevitable, and ; came at last ono evening nt supper. During tho day the reverend gentleman had been greatly exe'reised in his mind, for Jnck had gravely and emphatically told him that it was his duty to say something to Mike about his manifold sins ; and Mr. Chapin, though perfectly ready for the work, was in great doubt as to what kind of holy water would have most effect upon this friend. At lost he decided upon tho brand, and as wo sat down to our evening meal, he began his attack. " There is one custom, sir, which I find very rife among certain classes iu this country, aud upon which I should like a candid opiuion from you. ' I alludo to the frequent shooting of human beings that goes on in these saloons and gambling dens. I suppose tncre is no means of stopping this liorriblo practice ?" " There's ono which might bo tried," was the curt answer. " Fino the saloonkcoper 5 dollars every time he sold adulterated whisky." " And what would be the effect of this re striction ?" "To keep men's brains cool, and prevent them from going mad after a single cocktail. Do you know what firewater is like, sir ?" " No, I do not," said Mr. Chapin, with marked emphasis. " I do not. But I fear that it is the men whose brains are clearest who do most of the shooting." Alike Atisou bent his eyes on his questioner with a look of great cariosity. " You're right," he replied coolly, "But those men generally have a good reason for shooting — 1 speak from personal expe rience." Mr. Chapin bowed. " Yes, yes, I sec. i You defend Ibis practice by intimating that thoso ..who are killed deserve their fate. This is a terrible doctrine, my friend ; a fearful thing to say. However, I will waivo this question for the moment. But there is another. Sir !"— and here Mr. Chapin laid down knife and fork and accentuated each word by striking the palm of his left hand with his right forefinger—" there is ono thing which cannot he defended, cren by you. Granted that it ho justifiable to kill a man under any pretext whatever — though Heavcn.forbid that I should'grant it ! even for the sako of argument — bnt passing that, I say it is not justifiable, from auy point of view, to cause the agony, tho long lingering suffering, which must be the lot of these wounded, in these affrays, but uot qiiilq until death." Wo all looked at Mike. He was thought fully rolling a hit of bread between his fingers and thumb, and staring placidly at his ques tioner. . .".I. quite agree with you," was his unex pected answer. " Your remarks aro very just, and do you credit. . Only, I may say, that if you wish to take me to task with them, tou have got the wrong lamb by tho tail. They don't apply." "Bat ami not right in supposing you to have been lrequently connected with such matters?" " Certainly. I have seen many a man fall," said Mike calmly. "But, Mr. Cliapiu"— here hs paused to sip his coffee — " I have never tvouuded a man in my life." His words were pronounced with a marked deliberation and distinctness ; tbeir meaning was obvious. The Reverend Jonathan said no more. Chapter X.— The Reason Wiiv. It was the evoning before my marriage day ; a quiet, peaceful time, which will stand out in my memory with peculiar distinctness to the last moment of my life. Every arrangement for tho morrow had been made, and all Laura and I had to think of was how to mako onrselvcs as agreeablo as possible to our friends. For tho lost time onr large family party gathered ronnd the supper table at Eagle Tail Rannhe. ' What fun wo had when supper was over, disputing - as to who should wash up the things ; for Sarah Brunt was away at the new ranche, to receive us on tho morrow. Tho peals of laughter thero were all round the table when Mr. Tcmplo announced that it was bis turn, and gravely offered to wipe if Mr. Gillespie would wash. Then, in tho midst of it, Mike Alison, without a word, suddenly bore away the meat-dish and coffee pot to the kitchen, and had to be waylaid on his return by Jack and myself and held prisoner by force ; and finally, bow the discussion was settled by tho tossing of a five-cent piece dexterously manipulated by Mike,, and which resulted in Nep and Jack being chosen for the office. I was watching Mike's face in a lazy manner, remarking the chango in its expression siuce 1 had seen it first. Tho wolfish look ia his eyes had now disappeared completely, aod the for bidding set of the lips, so' noticeable when tic sat among bis gang at his own' camp, was rarely to bo seen. His face was no longer that of a man with a hand against everyone and ovcryono'a hand against him ; bnt rather that of a stern, melancholy man, who had lived a lifo for the post few years which had worn him to tho bono. " Where did you learn to play tho piano so well, Mike? You quito took my breath away last night when you struck up. Is it really 10 years since you were in England ?" "Yes," ho answered briefly. " Tea years to-morrow, I bclicvo." "You remember tho exact day when yon left tbo old country, then V" He replied with a quiet smile. "It seems queer that I should, doesn't it V I think it's because the old days have been very much in my mind lately. I am among English folk, you see, for tho fust tiuio for many years. " Yet you don't like being reminded of your youth ?" Tho question was rather a rude one, but we all of us forget ourselves at limes. Miko smiled again with one of his quick glances. "No, I do not," he said simply, "ft is interesting, but not pleasant. What is plea sant, though," ho contiued dreamily, "yet strange, is to find myself sitting in a rauclio like this, among friend alter tbo life I've lived lately. Do you remember the night at my enmp, llarry?" " Can I ever forgot it ?" lie chuckled driiy. "By George I how you wired into us. What was it you said? A mean, miserable a " Don't man 1 Let byegones bo byegoncs. " "ll'm 1 I'm not sure that its always advis able j- the otticr part of tlio saying takes my fancy most." ilo had finished his pipe and was leaning forward in his chnir, as lie spoke ; ho laid bis hand upon my knee, continuing in a low tone, '-Harry, old man, you may bo' sur prised to hear it, but, do yon know, I guess I'm jjoing to follow this idea out for the future. I bought that there was a good deal- of truth in what yoti said tbat night, I started and caught hold of his arm, " What do you mean ?" " What 1 say. Tho old business las rather lost taste lately, andlshnU givoit up." "No!" I exclaimed incrcdutously. - : : " It's a fact; but don't shako me to piecos" — aud he laughed as I wrung his hand with all mv might— whito Laura paused .'in lier ' winding with; sparkling eyes, and waited for her turn. - " Good resolutions, Miss Temple, ' are made to bo broken, you: know. I thought I'd tell yon both, though, before to-morrow. ' It is a sort of left-handed wedding present. Yes, old man, 'thanks' to you, 1 have had enough, I think, of tho old life." This was news, indeed ; almost too good to be true. But Mike did not give ns timo to express onr feelings on tho matter. For' ho now wheeled round abruptly, and addressed Mr. Gillespie. " Did you ever know or hear of such a mild .winter as this, sir?" "Never," said the storekeeper, emphatic ally. " Not a fall of mow yet. - We shall pay for it iu spring, I dessay." " Very probably.' " You've not' heard any news of tho Apaclies lately, I suppose ?" "Not I. It's not often you do this time of year. A tidy scare we had in the summer, though. : I thought we'd have trouble more :thanonce, But we' scraped through without any, except for what happbued to you, Ho's a 'cute cuss, that chief they have now — Black Scalp — and koows the country well,' it is said. It's a comfort to think that tho Redskins have their reservations to co back to in tbo winter." "H'm 1" grunted Mike drily. " I suppose thoy are in their reservations." Mr. Gillespie laughed. "Well, everything is possible in this coun try. Perhaps they've gone to Washington and thrown themselves on the charity of the Quakers. I wish they would. Poor brutes I they've a hard time in winter. I think I'd rather he a nigger than an Indian." ; "They take it oat of the whito man, though," said Mike, bitterly, when they get to him." Mr. Gillespie nodded. " That is so, I hear 200 families were mas sacred by Black Scalp in tho Southern coun ties this summer." "How dreadful !" said Laura, shuddering. "Arc tho women and children killed ns well, then?" ; » All, said Mike, grimly. " The men first, because they nre troublesome then tho help less ones. There is your poor' Red man, Mr. Chapin !" - '.'Well, come, now," said Mr. Gillespie, mildly, " Thoy have a poor time enough when they nre dropped ou, by whites. How many would you calc'lato to leavo alive, Mike, if you came across Black Scalp and his braves ?" " Not one boy," was the curt reply, " after what happened down South. Please to remem ber that I am not an officer in tho United States army. It would not be to my advan tage to he always 24 hours', march, behind the Redskins, as it was to a certain general we know of. The rank and file were not to blamo last summer down South ; it wns their officers, who oven refused to supply ammunition to the settlers when they bad corralled .Black Scalp. What sort of lime would yoti hares had ' iu this county Inst summer if you had accepted tho offer of troops, instead of taking the business in hand yoursolvcs, and preparing quietly for the Indians to mako a start. There is only one thing which will enable the army in this country to retrieve their honor. Put their general over a slow fire for five minutes, and threaten to repeat the punishment in as many weeks if ho does not do his duty. Black Scalp would then be swept off the face of the earth in a fortnight," Mr. Gillospio shrugged his shoulders and flipped tho ash oil his cigar.' "It's quite true," he said briefly. : ' " Then is this seltloineut in danger of Indian raids?" said Mr. Temple, questioningly. ; "Not now," replied tho storekeeper, with much promptness. "Tho railway will be at Stockton In March, and tho place settled up wonderfully by Juno. But last summer and fall it was a near thing." " They do not attack in winter, then ?" Mr. Gillespie shook his head, and . smiled with thq compassion of a Western man for an igno rant tender-foot. ' "No. sir, Apaches lira in . tents, and when on the war path, in the open air. Tho cliinato 300 miles to the south-west suits' 'cm better than ours at this timo of year. Ana there they will be now, starving along ns best thoy may, poor cusses, upon what Government allows them, and the prococds of a little hunt ing. " Ain't that the case, Mike ?" " It is their usual practice," ho replied ova- sivoly. "Miss Temple, now that you have finished winding that wool, may wo havo somo music?" . " ' . ' ; 1 I The last skein had now left Kirk's unwilling hands,, mid Laura obediently folded up her work aud went to the piano; At tho sonuil of playing Nep and Jack returned from their labors, and we then spent a pleasant social evening. But a lingo of sadness rau through it all. Mr. Temple was to leavo for Kuglaud very shortly, so that this would be nearly the last wo should spend together, At 10 o clock the girls retired. Thev warn scarcely gone when tho gruff shout of tho Sheriff was heard outside, lie had arrived two hours before his time. Jake weut out promptly to see after his horse, whilo Mike and I turned into the kitchen to fry mutton chops aud open a Lottie of brandy, for a night ride nt that liine of year was no joke, and the man must bo half frozen. lo otir surprise Juko did uot appear until our preparations wore almost com pleted. At last wo heard tlio door slam, and his docp voico greeting Mr, Giltespio and Mr. temple. When ho camo in 1 saw at once that I something serious had happened. He was | standing near the fire wnnuing his hand it, other men looking at him in silence ti j Sheriff mado no movement when he heard m! steps, merely growling out a " good eveni,, m the grumpiest of tones. I looked ,t , others for explanation with raised eyebrow, some instinct warned me that it would net h.' well to nsk Jako point blank what wns tha matter.- Bitt there was no satisfaction i0j! obtained from tho surrounding faces Jack- was as grim as Jake Blundell's own Mr' Temple's bewildered ; Mr. Gillespie' ' j„ii amused. Kirk's throw the most light cn 111 question, for it wns very white ns if with fJ, his mouth was slightly open, and his Jm.I eyeS were fixed intently upon .Mike Alison 1 followcd.them and then started, for Milcwl standing straight and stiff, his back against the wall; .and his face wearing tho look which had not been thero for many a week. It wns hi vcice which broke the silence now, a curious vibiatkn in its tone that reminded mo of the w.-.rnirr. he had given to tho crowd at Menke's, atter tin shooting of Worral and Blosse ; yet the wards ho used lmd been spoken every night sjnc; p:. i first arrival among us. ' "Harry, I'm going to tho stable to water i Leone,, will, you have a stroll round tcfunl 'turning iu?" : 1 ; , "I; wns about to acquiesce rendilv. \v|.cnl Jake kickcd the pine Jog close to his ioct anil shook his head. It might havo been nu ncc'i. I dental mo.emont, but I did not take it to to i so. i ; "Thanks," 1. replied, yawning, "Iguccsjl 'won't to-night. £ Miko- nodded as though he cxpcctc-d ILoB answer, and moved slowly towards the ilocr, a his eyesbent upon tho ground. As lie turned® the handle, ho threw his head back ia thcild fe defiant way and looked at Juke Blundol! with all 'Watchful- questioning glance. ' It was curiousioffi note how tho look was met by the group war j| the fire. Mr. Gillespie nodded pleasantly cmira said "good night" — Mr. Temple also. Jcckf| and the Sheriff neither moved nor spoke, Vitfif met Mike's eyes with a steady glare, which® caused his heavy brows to draw down into the® straight line, aud his jaws to stiffen uuti) any.® jono who had ouly secu his face but a few houisS .before would havo no-.v almost failed to recog-® lniso.it. . Good night, gentlemen, " he said® simply, passing quickly out, and closing tliejp door behind him sharply. M The Sheriff drew a deep breath and marched ® into tho kitchen. "Of nil the brazen laced® devils I ever saw," lie muttered between his® teeth as he went on,. " that man is the worst, "w Ilo would say no more until his hunger tvajfi satisfied. When lie had finished everything cnS tho table, and drunk enough brandy to have® killed some men, Jake drew his chair tomulls and looked keenly at me. Jg "A few weeks ago, vouug man, 1 mcdeB some remarks about the cuss just gone cut. fi which you did not like the taste of. Since, I n havo not touched on the subject with you, ccsB a man who only suspects, and ain't believed, ® had better say naught till he kin prove hisw words. As I'm iu a position to do that new, H I bring the concern before you nguiu ; tied here's things as they stand at this moment. 8 : " Listen to this then. A mile to ttefi east of Stockton, away up iu the Sngsrectfi Canon, . aro .camped near upcu u HOB men. They're well' mounted, and well B armed, and as they're mostly Tex jus, are ss'l rough a crowd as wero ever seen. _ These beys-g have been collectin' in this locality for sctr.e S weeks past, hut as it has only been gradually, H one by one, they only reached their iuil g strength a day or two ago." 8 "Now, Mr. Gillespie, and all oi ye, what do jf a bunch of boys like that want in n settlement, fg at this timo of year, when there's no round-ups U of cattle, nor nothing. What will they te g after, I say?" fl The storekeeper shook his head, and as the gj Sheriff looked at him as if expecting au an- 1 swer, lie replied gravely : S "Can't say. It's very queer I » " Ay," said Jake, " so it is— so it is, until B yoa have the key of it in your haud." j "Aud that is?" said Mr. Gillespie H quicklv : n " Miko Alison, sir. It's his money, drawn gg from tho bank tho other day which keeps g| them hoys ; it's his business they ve collected « here to do. Yes, open your eyes, if yea mil i g the proof has come at last of what I said two B mouths and more ago. Hero is the leader sod N chief of them all, the deadliest shot in all It's 8 country, tho mau with 5000 dollars offered ler his scalp, at tho head of a hundred will teysi H all camped fair and snug iu the very tent a- n core of this settlement." . "What reasons do they give for V-.ita there ? " interposed Mr. Gillespie, m a laid, cold voico, " they must havo some. Jack chuckled sarcastically. B "Oh, you bet ! They've ns good a cut u B thoy could invent, Indians. Yes, though wt just in tho new year, and the thcrinomctcn g zero, yet, "if you please, there s danger fl raid by Black Scalp, unless ho knows 9 staudiu' army of Whito men ready te divi) I him ; that's what they say." 8 i " is that all ? ". 9 " All they'll tell mc or yon, er anyone, m | tho mnh who gave me tho first i mfonua I dud without whom. I- should have kw I nothing." . . . ., . I i " And who's that? " I said quickly. « I "Hermann Mcakc." I : !' What! you would tako tho word ''"-'j man ? Why, I'd believe Miko Alison s lJ"v-' statement agaiust tho most solemn oath, could swear." ' , .. „„ ,„» , " Hold ou there," roared Jake, yen know what you're talking about. 1 9 " » take tho word of any man without p D'yon think I'vo been idlo? 1 « JCC j( boys with my own oyes, I've heard ue I the reason, just as Mouke told inc. I - jt that old fox know mo too well to tell .was ouly bceauso he'd becu letting ow t little games that ho did uot get clean h tho 2lst of October. He's boen watcr.cd cur since— he's being watched no'v— ; an kuows so well as ho what will happen if hs has been lying." vcti "Then what is Mike going to do, ) opinion ? " _ ipi Jako paused a moment before lti, face wns very grave, and when he spt ia a gentle, imprcssivo tone, with n' ' l violence of his former mauuer. , (|-, "Now, Hurry, don't get the ides „ business gives mo any pleasure J or (,t go through with it to the end, kems '| .. for the peace ot this codtitr, Lot 1 « _ ;s|j abusing a mau auy more than yc" ''c- -t ((Bj on enemy of mine, such ns Mia j£, | You ask what he's going to dor H !Sfroi settled on 151 Gato Crook, (jjiit ""I,. i,ei| with you I 1!' But ho J0'3 require a hundred men to JjN'" if ,o'd much loss, I'd be on "le5' K knows fro been watching him Ijbin, "nJ.hv handred boys he's safo. I crowd liko that without troops, S'lo'tS for troops till fro proved some irarhouldcrs incredulously. But I shrugtjC J j numb about tho heart, lh'Bln fv!by tho ominous gloom o( Mr that bis faith in Miko bad Insstfalid he bad been such a steady N' u"?iftatCvou could stop tho sacking "I"l "by binf nricd half a dor.cn men, if '(f1"?, nuict enough. Had ho not made s psrafe of force you would have sus- 'fffoaU'l? Uo ra remember what I said "in" him at Menke's? Pshaw 1 he 7"»»fcmeto be such a fool, \ourc stall cue thing, though. Ho would Sr hare made such a buzz about one \- But the information I liavo says that 5 would be tho first of a largo .number 6 marked; that there's a raid projected I t such as we've never seen before. I,, There never has been, in my twenty I !'«n.,rience of frontier life; a despe- ! S?whippi»S ronnd I"'1® liko ,M,ikC .AUson' S h bis power of shooting, and his temper, I makes him light liko fifty demons rolled 1 I aT s"l seeafs to carry fain through a 1 iTircssge unscratchcd, where you or I would btael a score or times. 1 ..The truth is, he's a devil. No more, no 1 Mini he must bo dealt with as such. Look 9 eiii tic as he went out just now, was there g mi wickeder pair of eyes in tho world t 1 v,i i'i nrrint lie's been us sleek and soft as 8 illi cit all day with tho girls. However, 8 but, W» oM thins " wo ' I link labia this time, it'll be a pity. Lb, I lick';" . I » We'll iry," was the grim answer, "Aro pwaiiaairet, Harry ? " I JiKtiarhead. "Bat you thiak it looks bad ? " I I vwll hire given my lioad to have I nirerel "No." But I could not. After a B cnn'.'i thought, I said steadily, " Time will I fci. Sir anything you pleaso. :l will trust B Hie before fifty Menkes. But when yon talk B i laikiag him, what do you intend to &r; B "Tfilch and wait," said Jako curtly. B "Here's half-a-dozen boys of mine in his fl ta;, who'll giro notice whon a movomcnt Biiiiienlel. I've already been in commuui- lia with the Governor ; and Colonel H finer, commander at Fort Campion, has rial to supply mo with what troops 1 I raphe at an hour's notice. I can't tell I lis the first How will como. It might be H bzxrj, though I don't think it. But Brnrsly for him. Ha may show his toeth .van he likes. And now, boys, wo'll turn Be, I guess it just upon midnight. We Bn&t; oversleep ourselves to-morrow morn- Bin. One thing more, Not a word to the isa-tat, hist! there's his step." Bj Hike now re-entered tho room; ho went Hfnittohis blankets without a word to Bnjii', though his eyes swept quickly along B lis hi of faces as ho passed us. Tha Bita.iko, with many yawns, began laying P| In sheepskins and preparing for bed. 1 did Hsihtbr their example. My brain was in a ifcUud nicking up my hat I went outside, mil; noticing the icy biting which met me alepiued the kitchen door. . I walked away hatiinoehein tho direction of the creek. Mfed Me'j words be true after all? One Bp vn perfectly clear. Before I believed jilS! ititcnenti, I would question Alike iny- BjW A; I reached this point in my reflections Bil 115 l- ras"e behind me, "and Mike's joins la. J upon my ahoulder. Ho had "e d'd n.l apeak for a moment, | -Cppri bit arm into mine, and paced IB -1 At last he said : Hou'reoutlato to-night." H "Ves." 6 'Ike Sheriff have much news 2" "ik. B "Interesting?" B Surprising also." Bit What was it?" B-I poriectly quiot and ,com- BkI. 'ecd tho arm within my own Bd ws- -8 , r.', 110 was much excited, uinasil tho subject of our converse- Kwt! m 01 J,'" 1 expWned. ' « It was BSy. 1 vL . , m.cn '.n your pay should A. . ""'a doing nothing. '. "boarder was out. lie did not answer at B i!n"ui«tr 1 lhey wcra iu my l'ay ?" HmIw 3.not matter who said so." »5Binl I know, exactly. But K.< ' t can Bud out. Woll — anything mado." „U what did you think?" Bkln, r' w what to think, Mike." I B'/h iv dM Cl',kiDg Yoic' for 1 fc,t Rt&u; him - i" 10 mc' au|t tho pain of 8f'- ' t'v a'most more than i could Mh tji ' ;'ou must sea how l.ad it W=It„ rd no /c«ou given, thou ?" BWl." 0U Cared au fuJiau attack. i&; jyell— that is all." 8;%,f«inlinn 'Sll!lU0,v' iu thc briShl but Ha wan0thcr' was smiling Btir; a bitter „r t"S-WC,t5 sldl contracted, B Eatdonical expression to his Bu'Im.' h<!,roP(:ated slowly. Baaing short au7 mJic'k 1 "'y B, 5 "8ht ia what vf,, fc-upjiosum BU'' n!l»t object hL E-y ftbuut 1110 fflwtlemjn,. i," m. );U Prot«ting Dr-f, would rathn. wbich, except Hh,l4h said5of T0U d?d "live '' B Jour oumoafr-T ila' "10 mono)' B'Ji-' other day and thlfl W"S "" wiU" fc?11' i'tWMrUO?"U"0 I,J'ViDS i!rJeallthwS d"ildoyou moan fcvitranddi' C'vmg way under Br tfou,J oo bol t" "J0 moment. H1?. «ad see." 0 me lf 1 told you." Hli'e. things as they are. B'1 to oao -V' call5tic touo had H 6reftv oaraeslacsi "if it would mako you soo things clear right through, 1 would tell you everything to- night, just as it stands, though to say out what I should have to do, would be a tcrriblo wroncb. But I know that it would mako matters no better. I could see from your face, just now, after Jake had said his say, that onr friendship had broken. I caught you up and questioned you, becauso n man must always know how be stands. I seo the position, and there's no more to say. You asked me to stay for the wedding, and I shall stay. Thca — well we won't meet for awhile. I've beon living in a fool's paradise lately, that's all, and I must clear out. The words I used when you asked my uamo in Horse Camp months ago, were just the truth, we can nover becomo friends. I've boon a desperado for years, whatever I was before, anil so I shall remain, I suppose, to the end of my life. You havo realised this to-uight for the first time, and nothing 1 could say would bring the old feeling back, so I am not going to try now. Come to bed. Don't look so down, lad. Re member, you arc to be married to-morrow." We returned to the rancbe in silence. I felt dazed, stunned, tired out, unable to think, or fix anything clear in my mind. But some where about me lingored a feeling that no friend I had oyer known was so dear to mo as this Miko Alison, whatever ho was, or might lis, and that Jak'o's indictmont was some evil dream or scare, which would disappear when faced boldly in tho light of day. We wero nono of us quite so oarly as usual tho next morning, and Nep and Kirk Troy wero busy preparing breakfast when we appeared. This meal was a silent one. Mike's only taci turnity had returned in full force, and all ques tions, even Laura's, received only tho curtest answers from him, and I could see that not the slightest movement on tho part of Jack or Jako Blundcll was unnoticed. It seemed to mo that the " watching" was rather on tho other side. During tho next few hours, however, my thoughts wero far enough away from the sub ject. The wedding was put off until sundown, as tho Mexican herders were very anxious to be present. They were allowed to bring the ( sheep in an hoar earlier for the occasion. There was much to be done, and when all was over, there was only just time to slip away to our respective rooms' and dress, to be ready by 4 o'clock. But the result of tho preparations wa3 felt by every one to bo satisfactory enough to repay our labors. Thc service was to be read iu thc parlor. At the eastern end of tiiis room was a reading desk of ceJarwood, made by Jack, on which were Mr. Chapin's Bible and prayer book. The reverend gentleman was standing behind it at this moment, for ho was a punctual man, and it was only five minutes off tho hour. The large table had been carried away, and placed in the bachelors' sleeping apartment, and was now decked out with a damask cloth and a fine array of silver and gloss. Tho rocking chairs and Mr. Temple's arm chair had also been removed, and in their places were eight plain, wooden chairs, arranged in a semi-circle in front of tho parson. All was ready, even the case of champagne, which was in the pantry, three bottles standiug on thc shelf— to be opened when tho right time came. The guests now began to collect and take their places ; they were in their ordinary dress, though very much brushed up; with well washed faces, and smooth chins, aud boots scrupulously polished. There was Jake Blue- dell, big and hearty, one mass of burly good humor, aud exchanging sly jokes with fifr. Gillespie. The storekeeper sat between Jake and Kirk Troy, and, consequently looked smaller than he' had ever looked before ; hut he was as merry as could be, and tho life of tho party, lleyoud him sat two Mexicaus, Jose' aud Miguel Gallegos, the third and youngest brother— for we employed tho whole family — being unexpectedly absent. Thc trutli was, that ho was only a lad of 15, aud having spied a lynx just when he should have started for home, had gouc off on a royal cat- hunt, and was not to be looked for until thc breakfast was ready, though, as his brothers said, ho was suro to bo back iu time for that. Tho clock ovor tho mantelpiece struck 4\. At this precise moment tho door of tho Udic3' room opened and Laura came out, followed by her bridesmaid, Nep. Tho girls wero dressed very simply, the brido in light grcv, and Nep in yellow trimmed with black. Very bright aud happy they both looked ; and Mr Temple, who was standing near the door, violated all rules and regulations by heartily kissing them both as they passed htm. iiiou wo took our places. I glanced round the room as Mr Chapiu cleared his throat to stop a r-entle whispering between the Mexicans. Jack was behind me as best man. blossoming out m a somewhat crioklcdsuitof bluescrgo. which had slumbered long iu dark drawers, with a wedding favor made by Nep, a docoration with which evcrv member of the party was provided. Mr, Temple stood near tha bride, resplendent m white waistcoat and gold watch chain, ready to give her nway. AU tho rest were seated oxccpt Miko Alison, who had taken up a stand near the wiudow, and was now resting his arm on tho sill, looking at Laura, Mr Chapin was a good reader, and welt aware of tho fact ; therefore he read very slowly. The attention of alt was fixed upon him. and only Jako Blundell licaM a light foot- fall behind, and noticed that Miko Adaon had abruptlv left tho room d\i hasten as so t aud swift as a cat's, Jako stolo from Ins seat, and, after a glanco through the window, took up a position ot vantago near tho door. He .m,«;i,i to Laura, and, in Bpito of the interest of tho moment, sbo glanced at bis face, thereby failing to mako a response for which Mr. Chapin was waiting at the moment, lie looked from bis hook iu surprise, followed the direcliou of her glance, aud thou stopped read- ing For now tho door opened, aud Alike Alison came iu with a grey, stern face, and behind him little Juan, the Mexican boy, pant- ing heavily, his comical brown phiz drawn ami distorted witli terror and cxcitcmout. Mike did uot see Jako standing behind the door, with his right band concoaled, and, wnthout pausing an instant, strode quickly up .to .our end of tho room, saying, iu a firm, quic voice to Mr. Chapin. " 1 fear that I must interrupt Beforo lm'couM get further there was a sharp click, dako Bluudell had taken a step forward from tho door, and presented revolver at his head. The Sheriff gava no warning, used no threat; snnply covcrl his man and pressed tho '"SB"'- .. ' before the bullet Hew ho, hastily .threw up the muzzle, anJ loJged his shot au the roof, for Laura, heedless of all risk, liui herself boforo Aiika with outstretched arms. forcing Jake to change his aim. Tho whole IhingJ happened so suddenly that wo wero utterly taken aback, and know not what to do or say. I had sufficient sense to follow Laura, and stand between tho mon, as she exclaimed : "What does this men? He shall not be touched until you have given your reason. What can have happened?" " lie knows !" roared Jake, now almost be side himself, yet not dsring to raise the revol ver again ; while Mike stood perfectly still, smiling grimly at his old enemy. " Yes, I do know," he said quietly. " Thank yon, Miss Temple." He took both her hands, and pressed them gently. " But you should not lmvo done this. Let him fire, if he pleases, Jake, will you do it now, or wait till Juan has told his story ?" Alike motioned a3 he spoke to the little Afexican, who was jabbering excitedly to his cider brother. Jake granted, and lowered his pistol. " Let him speak. Bat, Alike, if you movo one finger towards your belt, I'll plug ycr, so help mo God!" Alike made no roply, except to say a word in Spanish to Juan, who left his brother and pointed to (he south, speaking in a shrill treble: " Me on mesa just now, and see them coming quick, so quick 1 They be at ranche ia few minutes — in great numbers — big, big num bers !" "Who?" shouted Jack, for Juan had paused, as if his news were told, "Who?" " Los Indios! los Indios Apache t" Cir.ipteit XL — The FonrnE33. Before we can go on, I find that I mnst de scribe exactly tho house, in order that tho nature of tho attack upon us, and the sioge which wo endured, may be intelligible. Everybody will very easily understand that there is no prcteoco of architecture or of beauty in the ranche house in the West. It is a log house to begin with, though our3 was of somewhat stronger construction than most. It consists of four rooms, opening one out of the other in a straight line, all on thc satno floor. There is no upper story, It is a long, oblong building simple and homely, and its plainness — or ugliaess, if you will — is considerably increased by the pccnliar construction and texture of the roof. The way the roof is built is as follows First, there is a flat surface of matched lumber, that is boards grooved at the sides and therefore fitting into one another. Tlieso are nailed to great " vagas" — beams of pine— and the whole, which is a solid, flat wooden ceiling, is firmly secured by huge spikes to the log walls. The lumber is then covered oyer with many waggon loads of earth spread quite smoothly until the whole length and breadth of the roof are covered to tho depth of 2 feet in the middle and about 6 inches at the sides, Upon such a roof as this the rain may pour for (Jays as hard as it pleases, here in New Mexico, withoat making any im- iression ; for the earth, after the first shower, lakes from the heat of the sun into a smooth, impenetrable substance, which, if renewed in parts from time to time, makos a most effective covering — cool in summer and warm in winter, and the cheapest and most easy to build. It is not, however, so picturesque as the English thatch. The ranche faced south, all the windows being on that side. Tho reasou for which was, that in spring, hurricaues of dust blow from thc north, with a force sufficient to break any glass ever made. I have already said that thc rooms oponed out of one anothor. I think tho most remark able feature of our rancho was tho number of its doors, Every room but one had an outer door, which opened, Liko tho windows, on the southern side, and there were besides four doors for inter-communication within. The three outer doors opened upon a covered porch or verandah four feet in breadth, and two feet above tho level of the ground. This was con structed in order to prevent tho place being snow-bound in winter ; for though wo do uot suffer from many falls of snow iu northern New Mexico, they are heavy when they do pay us a visit. Jack" took great pride in his doors. He had mado them all himself, and no other rancho in tho country conld boast of such solid pieces of oak, so well pot together. The windows, also— of different sizes, from 2 to 3 feet square— had strong frames of thesamo material, and shutters secured by holts, tho liko of which were seldom to be seen in theso parts. These were also Jack's workmanship. What ever he did, he did well. Eaglo Tail Ranche inside was much more imposing thau Eaglo Tail Riuche outside, though tho rooms wore furnished very variously. Tho ouo most to ono wostward, wliioli was reserved solely for tho use of the women— the onlv room with ono door— would have compared favorably with the bedroom of Any farm house in tho State. There were iron bedsteads here, with snowy linen, all complete ; rocking chairs, a nrctty dressing table, .which the sharpest ovo could not have detected to be a pack ing case turned bottom upwards, so well was it covered, by tho cunning fingers of Sarah Brunt ; and upon this dressing table was the crowning proof of civilisation, a largo andhandsomo looking glass. Tho next room, 15 feet in length, was the parlor, our living roam, with tables and chairs, and all the miscellaneous grace of a man living far from towns. . , „ ; Tho room next 10 me pa""' when you catered it you felt at ouco that Now Mexico was uot in tho hoart of civilisation nuita yet. This apartment was the bachelors bed room, and was ablo to accommodate as many people as could crowd into it, being furnished with true Irontior simplicity. In ono corner was a heap of folded blankets: in anothor a pile of shoepskins, three wooden chairs two without backs— and that was all. The floor was of rough unplaned deal. On tho walls were a few prints from tho Lr.i/i/iic aud lUustraUd London A'eirs ; and at one cud tw o shelves, one of which supported au inuoccnt arrav of old mustafU tins aud popper pots, con- gunpowder and shot of all sizes; the iuicr Mc piles of obloug yellow boxes marked with a big rcl stamp, iu which were stored tome 500 rounds of ritk and revolver cartriilgos Ualow theso shelves was a spacious rack, luro stood tvo long Ileory repeating rities ; three Winclioslcr carbines, aud four shot Kua!j nU"| cool condition, and fully loaded. Our re voivers wo carried on our persocs. Tho fourth aud hut room was the kitchen, the sanctum of Sarah Brunt. It was furn shed now with ever; culinary couvemenco tho heart of a cook could desire. Until recently tho prin cipal articles in it had been a cracked frying pan, a coffeo pot without a Iiandlo and a tin basin. But times wore changed. The "batch ing " days wero over. Behind thc kitchen, on tho northern side, was a pantry and larder; and to thc cast a rude scullery and wash house with a tub in lieu of a copper, and a bucket instead of a siuk. The larder, also, until thc advent of Miss Brunt, only contained thc carcases of sheep and ante lope. But now there were shelves put up, upon which was accumulated a savory store ot good things for the wedding. 8 Such was Eagle Tail Ranche, a typical log- house of tho better class. ' But I must not omit an important detail, an original idea of jack's, though lie little imagined, when he worked it out, what a difference it would mako on a certain memorable day to all he held dear in tho world. This was neither more nor less than a cellar, dug underneath tho parlor, and of abont the same circumference, which was used as a store house for goods kept in barrels, such as potatoes and flour ; and also, at the pre sent time, for a case of champagne, procured in honor of the coming event, a hogshead and more of gonuiho whisky, such as no saloon keeper in the territory would dream of selling, and a few bottlos. of good English brandy. This cellar was a roomy place, cool, yet dry, lit dimly by a small skylight, fitted neatly in under the porch. It communicated with tho upper world by a flight of stops and a trap-door in the centre of tho parlor. Chatter XIL— Uxwelcomb Guests. "Los Indios, Indios Apache." Wo understood Alike Alison. He was more than justified now Black Scalp's successful raids down South this year, only whetted his tasto for the path of war and his thirst for plunder of an unpre cedented extent. The unprecedented dryness of the weather enabled his braves to bear the cold of these northern latitudes. With a deep, far-sighted cunning ho remained concealed in the mountains until such times as all thc Cow boys, who collect in sammcr about the frontier towns, wero likely to be scattered far and wide over the country, so as to reuder it impossible for them to bo hastily collected. He had not heard of Alike Alison's men, and expected to find many an unguarded settlement at his mercy, and, alas for us 1 Eagle Tail Banche was the first place struck. The crisis was so terrible and so unexpected that even strong nerved men, such as Air, Gilles pie, Jako Blundcll, and Jack, felt as stunned and helpless as children for the moment ; aud tho rest of us, unable by reason, of our ignorance to thoroughly realise tho danger, waited for them to ect. What could be done? There was no time to run away, for there were but two horses iu the stable, and no defence worthy of tho name could be made against the numbers Black Scalp would havo with him. After making his first announcement, too, Juan told us how he saw tho Apacho scouts when climbing the eastern side of the Eagle Tail mesa, and, how, having eyes as far seeing as any Indian of them all, he waitod until the main body camo in sight, and tho direction of their approach became unmis- takeablo. Then, and not till then, tho boy rushed off to the ranche at full speed. The scouts would bo on thc hill above the creek in half-an-honr. „ "We're just corralled, boys," said Jake Blundcll, slowly and heavily, thrusting his revol ver back into his sheath; " unless,"- with an eager look at Alike, as if not certain, even yet, that he might not havo had a hand in this, " unless those boys of yours arc already on their way?" "No," said Alike grimly, "Though, had I known tho location of tho red devils they would have been at them, yon may bo sura. But I could not tell where the attack would begin. I only heard that they had left their reservation, and I judged what was going to happen. And even for this " He slopped and looked meaningly at the Sheriff. 1 ... "1 misjudged ye, Mike," exclaimed Jake hoarsoly ; " I misjudged yc, that's true ; Heaven forgivo mo for it. But thore s no time for begging pardons ; fewer words tho hotter. You're the only man livin' who can pull us out of such n hole as this. Will ye help us for tho sake of these girls ? We'll square accounts and settlo the old scores— yon and me— another """Yes " and Mike hold out his hand with a smile. "I'll do my best; I can say no more ; that is, if you'll trust mo." Jake gave tho hand a mighty wrench. ' I'll prove that, whea I catch Alenke. Oh ! tho lying, mean——" ... .. "Never mind him now; there s no time. Juan " Miko caught the Moxican lad by tho shoulder, "scoot to tho stable, you'll find my horso Leouo, saddled ready, ride him to the camn iu Sugarcet Cation ; ride like greased lightning. Tell tho boys there what's hap pened, aud give my name and bring them along Not a minuto to spare t Sabo ? Then be off. Quick 1" Juan disappeared in a twinkling. MM turned to Jack. " The boys can be hero in two hours if ho rides straight. Havo you decided what to do in the meantime?" , , , , » Shut up tho place, suppose, aud to keep tho devils off till tho boys come up." "Wo can nearly all shoot,' struck in Nep bravely, " eecccpt Laura aud Air. Chapiu, and, perhaps, Mr. Temple ? "I will do my best, said tho old man Ck"And'V there's plenty of ammunition," Nop continued. , "But supposing they set alight to tho place. Are your logs fireproof ?" Jack groaned. .... " Well, then," said Mike coolly. " I think I'vo a better plan, if there's timo to work it out. Ilavou't you some whisky below hero ?" "Six barrels." " Euough to stock a saloon. Good I the first thing to do is to get that stuff out. If tho Redskins cau bo started on it in a friendly way we'd bo sato for an hour at least. Yon going down, Jako ? That's right ; hut whore shall it bo put? Ah, I havo it, across the crook in tho herder's cabin. Look alive, boys 1 Now, Kirk, hero's just tho job to suit a strong man like you." It is a fino thing to see someone with well- balanced nervo aud ready wit giving orders calmly and cheerily when most mon lose their heads ; but in such an extremity as this, the sight was almost divine, and had au extraor dinary effect upon all who witucssod it. Tho entire lack of nervousness or auxioty in Mike's mauuor, tho promptitude with which he grasped tho situation, and grappled with it, completely transformed the star'.tig, hclploss crowd around him in the space of a few se conds. There was hope in the air ; we had something tangible to do. Our ship, thrown on her beam ends by a furious gust of wind, had righted herself, aud uuder the firm hand which now seized the helm might weather the storm. Mike's order was obeyed .'with as much quickness as could be expected of men whose ouly chance for life it seemed. Down tho cellar steps rattled the Sheriff, followed by Kirk and the Mexicans ; while Jack tore off to the stable for a rope, and with Air. Gillespie to help him abov:, and tho others pushing below, quickly hauled the whisky barrels up to the parlor floor. Aleanwhile Air. Temple, Laura and Air. Chapin were set to make a clearance of all the paraphernalia laid out for the wed ding breakfast 1 — sweeping everything into the pantry, by Mike's directions. Only Nep and myself stood idle. , Mike beckoned usj and wo followed him to tho porch and scanned the horizon line to tho southward. Though wo could see a milo in this direction, there were no signs of Indians at present. Wo hoped to be safe for 15 minntcs yet, for long as the interval .since Jnan's first appearance has - taken to describe, it was only a quarter of an hour. " I can't see one thing clear," said Alike, shading his eyes with his hand, and stooping slightly, keeping intent watch for the enemy. "And I asked you to come hear, as I thought you might give me an idea. The boys will get the whisky over to the cabin in time enough, I think. Bat who's to show the Apaches the way .to it ? Sarah Brunt would havo been the one, for redskins don't generally touch womeu when they're sober. But I fear they'll start scalping at once when they see men. » I guess the only way will be for all but one —myself— to hide down in that cellar. They'll „ never find the place out, for the only opening to it, besides the trap-door, is tha window under the porch. I could be sweet with them, give tho chief some of the champagne, and then lead > the whole crowd across thc creek to that whisky. The sheep are in the corral, so that the brutes II be able to get a good feed, and there's plenty of wood on thc pile for them to cook with. If only wc can keep 'cm busy till thc boys turn up I What do you think of my notion ? "Capital,"! replied. "Batlshall receive the Indians with you. You're not going on such a risky busiaesa alone." He shook his head. . " No one must show his nose above the cellar bat me. It'll be a chance even then. If there ; were two of us, it would be fatal. You don't know the Apache on tho warpath." "But didn't you say that they would not : touch a woman ?" said Nep quickly. "Yes. But Sarah's five miles away. We can't try that." " I think so," was the decided answer.' " If Sarah could do it, I am sure I cau. I havo seen Indians before and spoken to them, often." Alike started sind looked at her admiringly. "What! Would you face Apaches, Aliss " Gillespie ? ' I never thought of it. Do you know the sort of men they are ?" " Yes ; or at least I've heard, which is much . the same thing. Any way, I am not afraid to . try, if yon think I could do it. I am sure I should be in far less danger' than you would, until they've had their whisky, and then we shall be together, shall we not?" . "Yes. .Wciniistget out of that cellar as soon as they ore over the creek, and blockade the ranche ; for if the boys should ho a bit late we ought to have' something betwcen'us and drunken Apaches. Well, Miss Nep, if you are not afraid, 1 certainly believe that you cau do what is wanted safoly. But you must be suro of your nervo. If there's tho least danger of your losing it, leave the thing in my bands. "Now just think over this matter while I hurry up the boys, and see that all thc arms and : ammunition are in the cellar. A scout is on that hill. See him?" His quick eyes detected, long before mino fol lowed, the black spot on the hill, an Indian scont lying flat on the ground. " Thoy will bo upon us, Ilarry, iu less thau half an hour now." We went inside. AU necessary preparations had been mado. The guns, powder, canisters and cartridge boxes wero placed in tho cellar and the Alexicans and Kirk Troy had deposited all the whisky in the cabin, afterwards nailing up the window and door securely, by Jake Blua- dell's orders. " I thought it would he as well for tho skunks not to get at it too soon," ho said, in -1 explanation to Mike Alison. "That's right," said Alike, looking about : ' him thoughtfully. " Well, I think we've fixed up all we can. Yes, there's nothing more to bo done till the brutes are on us. There's only one thing more to settlo now. Who's to receive the devils, and lead them to tho whisky ? Miss Gil lespie offers to do it alone. Will you let her ? " ' "Certainly not," said Laura, resolutely. : " Let me go with her," "You?" I cried. " Do it together." said Alike, quickly. "It is safer for both, Harry. Aiid two women are always hottor thaa ouo ; the danger will be. so much loss." : r - "But I wont havo it," cried Jack, emerging from the cellar at this moment. "Then I shall go without yonr leave," said 1 Nop, firmly. " Why, Jack, yon are not going to ' ' begin now to be cowardly about me ? Wo will both go, aud we shall bo perfectly safe, for we aro . uot afraid ; but if anything happens you will bo closoby." "Can you propose anything else, Temple? ' said Alike, quietly. " I am responsible for sug gesting tho idea. Aiy experience of Indians is that if they meet with uo resistance, and only see women, they keep quiet — at least until they'vo prowled all around, and picked up all they can find to eat and driak. They becomo troublesome then ; but I hope that before tho whisky has gone, the boys will bo here. Wo shall thou corral Black Scalp uicoly. What say you, Harry ? Will you lot Aliss Temple go ? " -I know ho will," said Laura, smiliug ; "if Nep is there." It was tho worst trial that I havo over known. To deliberately allow my darling to go unprotected among these wild, brutal mon 1 I looked at Mike appoaliugly. Aro you cortain that it would not turn out ns woll if I wore to do it ? " " Quito. If they once began, it is not you alouo who would be sacrificed, but every living soul. Let her go. At tho slightest scare wo can slip up tho celltar stops aad fight it out." "Then yon may do it," I- said hoarsely. - "But mind yon do not wander from the houso under any pretence whatever. Good hcaTcns, what a risk 1" 'Jack suddenly acquiesced in Nep's desire, and the girls prepared for their ordeal. They hastily donned their cloaks, and Ncp slipped into the outer pocket of hers a loaded revolver. We men made onr way to the cellar, and closed the tran-door above in snch a manner that it might bo thrown back at a moment's notice. Every man was armed with rifle aud revolver except Mr. Chapin, who, after vainly hunting lor a weapon suited to his taste, held an axe as if ho were afraid of breaking it, and sat on a flour barrel, very much bewildered, and not a little frightened. Amid all the anxiety of the time I conld not help wondering whether, if an attacked occnrrcd, Mr. Chapiu would smite on Indian with his weapon, or drop it on his own toes. By Mike's order we took up certain positions in the cellar, so that if a sally were necessary, we should not be in one another's way. At the top of the steps stood Jack, his head touching the trap-door, keeping it open about an inch. A repeating carbine was in his hands, and a knife ready to bo placed between his teeth. Thns, at tho first alarm he was prepared to rash to tho protection of tho girls. It was the place of honor, and he would give it up to no one. My place was next to him, and behind me stood Kirk Troy, armed with a donble-barTClled shot gun, which shook strangely, as though the man who held it was trembling for fear. At tho window opening under the porch, stood the two best shots of the party, Jake Blnndcll and Mike, each train ing a Henry rifle across the space of ground between the house and creak. It was here that Laura and Nep were to meet the Apaches first of all Mr. Temple and Mr. Gillespie bad their places behind Kirk Troy. The former was armed with a gun ; the latter had his revolver and a knife. They were to follow us if we had to leave our hiding place. Tho Mexicans were, bosido Mike and Jake, also armed with rifles, ready to join in a fusilade. when the first shot was fired. Snch was the position of the garrison, when the girls, after carefully locking the pantry door, prepared with pale faces, but brave hearts, to receive their unwelcome visitors. Nep was to do the speaking, and take the initiative generally, and Lanra was to be the handmaid, and assist in satisfying the require ments of the Apache Chief. Tho sun had set for nearly half an hour, bnt the sky being exceedingly clear there was plenty of light outside, though within the cellar it was almost pitch dark. When the girls opened tho outer door of the kitchen, they conld not help an exclamation of surprise, for covering the broad roll of prairie, at the bottom of which Eagle Tail Creek wound away to the south-east, was a large band of horse men, approaching the ranche at a gallop. They were in two divisions, one striking for the herder's cabin, the other for tho ranche ; but when they saw the girls coming to meet them — for by Mike'a advice they wont some 50 yards from the house — the Apaches closed their ranks and swept onward, all together, with a Jong shrill cry. This was tho trying moment The girls did not know what to expect, as the Indians seemed rather to quicken than slacken speed as they approached, and their whoop had a blood-curd- ling sound. Lanra told mo afterwards that cho felt an almost irresistible inclination to scream and run away, and wonld have done so but for her companion. Ncp, however, raised her head proudly, and laughed, saying with flashing eyes, as she noticed Laura's apprehen sions, " My dear, what's tho matter t Tho cowards arc only trying to frighten us. Come, let ns go forward a few steps, and show them how little wo care for their bluster. See, there is the chief, the great Black Scalp, himself. He is coming to speak to ns. 1 am so glad. Conrage, Lanra. licmember that tho boys will he here in an hoar or two at tho most Conrage. Look up and laugh at them." The Indians were now close at hand, as Nep spoke they drew rein abruptly, and only one man on a graceful bay pony continued to advance at full speed, lie pulled up when ho camo within speaking distance, and then approached at a slow walk, bending forward, and 6taring intently at tho girls between his horse's cars. The Chief was dressed in buck skin, decidedly the worse for wear, and fringed and headed moccasins. A red comforter tied in a sailor's knot round his neck, and an old battered black hat, snch as Mr. Chapin might hnvo worn when new, gavo him a semi- civilised air, grotesquely incongruous with tho KB. of his attire. But his hard, marked features, and the long black locks which peeped from beneath the clerical hat, prevented any mistake being made as to his identity. Black Scalp was a tall and rather fine looking man, with a strong and expressive face, though his month was far too large ; the nose inclined to bo flat, and his complexion a bright red, the skin puckered and creased in a thousand wrinkles. In carriage lie was erect and dignified, as became his station, and, except when he smiled, his looks were not in the least repulsive. At this time ho was perfectly grave, and in clined his head politely as Ncp stepped forward, and addressed him in Mexican — the language in which all conversation between them was carried on. "Have yon come to pay a visit to this ranche, Chief ? " " Si, Senoritu." "We are alone hero, but you are welcome. There is wine and meat for you with us," pointing to the house, » and in the corrall mut ton for tho braves ; and fire-water afterwards for nil. Yon will not burn the ranche, Chief?" Black Scalp looked at her with bright ad miring eyes, and shook his head. The qualities an Indian loves most to seo in women aro audacity and courage. Here was this white girl, though absolutely in his power, offering her hos pitality with a queenly air, as if he wcro hero by invitation. Ho accepted her terms in- tantly. " Ah, si 1 " he said, in answer to her ques tion. " We want food and drink. We will not touch ranchos. But let the senoritas cook at once for the Chief and 10 amigos, plenty, plenty muiton, and— the Chief is very thirsty, kind Senorita 1 " Ho bowed again, with a ghost of a smile shout his lips, which rather spoilt the effect of his first greeting, and then galloped swiftly towards his men, who were jast about to strip the ranche of every- portable article it contained, and then set a light to it. At a sharp order from the Chief, however, they slunk back, and the girls walked to the place unmolested, con siderably relieved in mind. But thcro was an arduous task before them. A meal was to be prepared for 11 men with the appetites of wolves. Thcro was some danger, also, tlmt the rank and file of the braves might sot fire wantonly to the herder s cabin and the whisky thus be entirely wasted. Black Scalp, how ever, honestly kept his word ; and though the wood pile was ransacked, and a great part of the stable torn away, to supply the numbers of fires which were soon blazing in every direc tion, the cabin and the ranch were left alone. The girls now went vigorously to work. Tho bachelors' bedroom, where the wedding break fast was to have been held, was lighted up and a meal spread, the like of which 1 much doubt whether Black Scalp aud his friends had ever tasted in their lives. In their eagerness to con ciliate their grim visitors, the girls placed all the delicacies beforo them which Sarah Brunt had prepared for a very different party. There were jellies and custards, pumpkin pics and wedding cake, as well as rounds of cold beef and bam ; piles of soft light biscuits, plates of crackers and a good substantial cheese. On the kitchen fire two pans of chops frizzled away, manipulated by Lanra, while Ncp mixed batter with a rapid hand, and fried hot cakes by the dozen. A savoury smell it was which floated into the cellar through the crack in the trapdoor. How our months watered aud our souls rebelled as we thought of the feed these thieving Hed- skins were about to have at our expense. The only comfort was a thought of the Nemesis which would presently overtake them iu the shape of Mike Alison's men. But the hardest trial of all was yet to come. Supper was now- ready, and when Nep went to the outer door and beckoned with a smile, eleven tall Indians, making no more sound with their uioccasincd feet than if they had been a party of ghosts, solemnly marched to the table in single file, seating themselves in perfect silence and decorum. Laura then went into the pantry and brought out two bottles of champagne, at sight of which the guests, who had been look ing somewhat askance at the jellies and ens- tards, ns if uncertain what they were good for, brightened up and gavo vent to their feelings in n law guttural chuckle. Pop went the champagne corks. Ncp poured the liquor out in tumblers, and Lanra handed it round. Tho Indians now began in good earnest. This uncorking of the champagne was the last bitter drop to the listening folk in the cellar, and more than one member of tho party relieved himself by heartfelt, though whispered, swears. It was not long beforo the Indians finished their meal. They were hungry, their teeth were good, and they wanted to get to the whisky. But they enjoyed the champagne, and drank bottle after bottle. And now Nep com mitted a blunder which well nigh proved fatal to all of us, Instead of refusing to bring out more than half of the twelve bottles lying in the pantry, sho opened all. Consequently by tho time the Indians had satisfied their hunger and thirst, they wera decidedly heated with wine, and therefore dangerous. Tho party was now less silent than it had been. The men begau to use their tongues more than their teeth, aud eye the girls with bright and sinister glances. At last the Chief rose, and made his way softly to the kitchen, followed by the braves, no longer in decorons single file. The girls were busy at the stove at this moment, aud did not notico the movement of their visitors until they were closo at hand ; the Chief was at Laura's side when sho looked up, smiling at her, and behind were ten pairs of eyes, nil fixed upon her face, gleaming rows of teeth below. The sight was so horrible and unexpected, that she started violently, with a nervous cry, which if a little louder, would have sealed the fate of those Apaches, and ultimately of our own ; it was only enough, however, to make Jack prick up his cars, and raise tho trap door another inch. The danger was most imminent, for ns Laura moved, tho Chiof laid his hand upon her wrist, and his smile broadened from ear to ear. But before his fingers had time to close, the end of a pistol muzzle was thrust between his teeth with so much force that he reeled, let tho girl go, and catching his foot ina frying pan, tumbled awkwardly back against the wall. His as sailant was Ncp Gillespie, who now stood be tween the Indian and Lanra with angry eyes and closely set lips. " What," she exclaimed scornfully, " is this Black Scalp's gratitude tor good food and wine? When I asked him to sup in my honse, I thought he was a great Chief, but I was wrong. Ho is but a drunken dog. Touch ' la Senorita ' if yon dare, and I will kill yon as I havo done many a braver man. Mios amigos " — address ing the rest in clear, authoritative tones the men standing at a respectful distance, grave and sober, "will you tasto my lire water? Yes ? Then come with me, for it is in the little ranche. And do yon " — again speaking to tho Chief, end stamping her foot, "no, first, drnnken wolf 1 " They looked at each other steadily, the fragile girl, and the tall, strong man, who was cele brated, even among grim Western settlers, for courage aud power of will. There was a dull savage glare in liis eyes now, yet the smile had not quite left his face, causing it to wear an expression positively fiendish. Black Scalp had not owned tho control of any human being since the death of his father, tho old Chief, when ho was quite a lad. As for the revolver, it was but a paltry plaything, yet he was quel led. Perhaps he heard the stern demurring hum which came with an omnious unanimity from his braves ; perhaps tho 6teady eyes and clear sweet voice could do what it would have useless for force to attempt ; be that as it may, with erery evil passion awake in his heart, the man obeyed, and passed out of the ranche, fol lowed by his men. Nop camo last, and closed the door, then took tho lead, nod went quickly across the meadow to the crock, up tho hill be yond, and so to tho herder's cabin. By this timo the number of her followers had increased to many a score; and upwards of a hundred stood round the girl as sho pointed to the cabin and said in a voice they could all hear and understand : " Hero is the fire-water, amigos, six great barrels. You are very welcome to it But do not seek for more. JJo content with food and drink and leave the ranche in peace. If you do not, I say that not one of yon will ever seo your homes again. The white men know that you are here. So bo careful. Oh, bo careful what you do ! " And then she went away, all standing respect fully aside to let her pass. When Nep reached tho ranche, she found Laura still near tho stove, pale and silent, ner- I vously watching six Indians, who had made their way into tho kitchen, and wcro poking inquisitively about, examining the handles of drawers, pooping into the pantry, and helping themselves to scraps of tho feast, At intervals they cast sidelong glances at the girl of no pleasant nature, but they made uo attempt to molest her. The moment Nop saw these uninvited guests she drew her revolver again, and sharply in quired their business. At first they _maile no answer ; but at last ouo mau explained that they were thcro by order of the Chief to watch the ranche. This was very awkward, for tho place conld not be blockaded while thoy wcro about. Pre sently a happy thought occurred to Ncp. "Laura," she said in English, "go to the medicine chest and bring me the landanum bottle, wo must send these little dears to sleep." There were six bottles of brandy in the pantry untouched. It did not take Nep long to make a judicious mixture privately, and then blandly produce a full, well corked brandy bottle to the communicative Indian. But, alas ! he would not touch it ; there were evidently strict orders abroad on this point. The girls looked at each other in despair; but while racking their brains to devise auother plan they became aware of a curious circumstance. All the Indians had left the room but one, and this man came softly up to Ncp and tapped the bottle, which sho still held, in a significant manner. It was delivered into liis hands at once, upon which he drew the cork with his teeth and took several hearty pulls. When he had drunk his fill he went ont, one of his com panions presently appearing in his place, to go through tho same performance. This happened six times, until oach of the Apaches had swal lowed enough medicated spirit to giTc him his qmctus, bad be been anything but an Indian. In Ibis way tho scrnplcs of conscience of the watchers, and their love for alcohol, were satisfied at one and tho samo time. No white man knows tho intricacies of Apache military discipline, and we can only conjecture that if these men had been court martialled for this offence — which, for very good reason that will presently appear, they wero not — they would havo been acquitted on a plea of "no evi dence." However this might be, in 15 minutes the watchers were as fast ns rocks, the ontcr doors of tho ranche were closed. Nep gavo a gentle signal, and one by one the little garrison of ten crept from their harbor of refuge a- hold a council of war. Tho work of tne women was over, it was now tho turn of the men. Chapter XIII.— Tiie Payment of the Debt. Mike Alison was tho last to mount tho collar steps. As he reached the parlor floor bo gave his orders right and left. ' : : . . " This place must be closed boys, smartly. Jack, fix those patent shatters of yours; Harry, bar the doors. Miss .Gillespie, put out that light for the present; they mnst hot have a glimpse of what is going on. Jako, get the parson, Mr. Templo, and Kirk to help you with the heavy furniture for blocking the windows. Jose' and Mignel, go into tho collar with that lamp on the bracket, light it when yon arc in the place and leave it in a safe spot, then bring np the arms and ammunition aud place them on tho table. Mr. Gillespie, take up your riflo and keep a sharp eye ronnd the kitchen and bedroom for spies, whilo I do the same else where. Be spry as you can friends. The sooner we're snug tho better." We were as busy as bees in less than aminute, obeying Mike Alison implicitly. I do not thiuk there was any order whicli he could have given that would havo been questioned ; and the first to follow his instructions were Jake Bluadell and Jack, thus acknowledging in the most practical way how much they felt they had wronged him. Half an hoar later Eaglo Tail Ranche was as secure from outside attack as the ingenuity of man could make it. Every window was secured with a closely fitting shutter, strengthened farther by furniture— a table against one, a chestof drawers against another, and so on. The doors were bolted 6iraply, being too heavy and solid in themselves to require other support ; and the ouo other aperture which it was necessary to stop, tho chimney of theparlor fire — a space wide enough for two Indians to slip down together was effectively plugged by rolling uu two mat tresses and tightly jamming them into the cavity with the sides of Mr. Temple's bed two stout deal plauks. There was no interruption to tho work. Tho Apaches had all migrated to tho other side of tho creek, and wero having a high old timo with tho whisky. It was only to be hoped that thev wonld not loavo the gate of tho corral open, aud let out all the sheep. On tho porch tho six watchers wore snoring peacefully, little dreaming of what was going on so near them. The blockade being completed a halt was called, and the exhausted garrison regaled themselves with what the guests of the evening bad been pleased to leave behind them Happily the stores were not completely usod up, nnd for liquor there was plenty of brandy and water, though, alas ! all our champagne was gone. We now began to recover onr spirits, and, as wo munched away by tho light of our kerosene lamp, to speculate coolly on tho disgust of tho Apaches when tlioy should return from their carousal and find out what had happened. Mike Alison, alone, sot apart, silent and thoughtful. In the presence of immediate danger his manner had been cheerful, almost to jocosencss, tho risk and emergency seeming to act upon his spirits like a glass of wiuo. Bnt this over, ho became again prim and taciturn, though his face never at uny tunc expressed tho least fear or nnxioty His silence made us nervous, however, and it was not long beforo Nep asked him point- blank what it was ho feared. 'Nothing," bo replied enrtly, "if the whisky lasts out. Everything, if it don't. Eat your supper now, and leave it all 'to me. I have my plans ready, if there should he trouble but it all depends on the bovs." No more was to be got ou't of him than this. How much truth thcro is in tho old savin.' about ignorance The boldest tiger hunter in India is tho "Gnflni" who 1ms just arrived from England Tho most unconcerned person on board a ship I sailed in once, when the jibboom had gono by tho board, and a sciuall had nearly laid us on our beam ends, was a lad of 15, who was on his first voyage " What fun I" I heard ln'm say to tho captain, who clung to the taffrail, white as d»ath, <« This is something like a storm, now J' Lnura, it is trac, was very pale aad silent, nnd sat with her hand in mino, eating nothing. Her spirit was high ; but thought of tho look and the touch of tho Apacho chief mado lior tremble. Nep, on tho contrary, seemed to be in tho liveliest spirits, and made fun by pro tending to condole with Mr. Chapin upon the loss of the champagno in the wickedest manner. I felt strangely light hearted, also, in spite of our anxictics„and a burning desire just to havo five minutes— or loss would do— with Black Scalp in a quiet place by my sol f. For one thing, my. instinctivo confidence iu Mike Alison bad been justified to the fullest extent ; though why ho should havo felt it to bo his special duty to take all the tronblc — nay, to spend all bis money — for the protection of onr settlement, I could not understand, I was to learn soon. Tho grave members of the garrison besides Mike, wcro tho Sheriff, Jack, and tho Mexicans. Jake, indeed, was as silent as our leader, though more nt his ease, aud applied himself to tho cold ham and brandy with immonse gusto. In tho midst of it, how-over, ho suddculy slapped his leg with an emphatic though whispered oatb. "Well I'm doggoned if we haven't missed one thing." " What's that?" questioned Jack, anxiously. " Why, wo'vo blocked up overy crick and cranny in tho place. Now, how the deuce aro we goin' to plug them cusses when thoy come from the whisky ? They'll hammer tho place down, and not git a scratch all tho way through. Alike, how's that ?" " That's all right," was the quiet answer. " I don't sabe. Mike, I don't sabc," "No? I thought you knew the Redskins' ways, Jake. If they smell out a man, this placo will be on fire in two minutes ; but if they think, as thoy do now, that there arc ouly a couple of girls, they won't mind working at tho windows quietly for a good spell. At least, that's my idea."' Jake nodded. "By George I that's 60, boss. But look here, when they once dew git tbrongb wo can't hold the fort long." " 1 know it, Bnt wc can make a very decent barricade with tho bedsteads, chairs and inat- tresses which are left, and givo them a warm bath before tbey got to us. I reckon, by that time, to have the boys here, if Juan has ever got to tho canon at all." ; There was a suppressed, bitterness in bis tone as he spoke, which struck mo unplea santly, "Do you think thoy ought to -.be here now, Mike, if the boy had ridden straight ?" "Wo'el," lie said slowly, as if he did not relish' the qnostion, "I would not wish to go so far as that ; bat it's a fact that the very second the boys: know what has happened, they'll be on. the wo.y at a lively, pace, and he's boon gono a: fair while. Hist 1 now, I hear a snako on tho porch !"— ho dropped his voice to a whisper — " The fnn will soon begin. Clear away this rack," pointing to tho food, " that.: barricade mast go np at once, in case of accidents. Ah, there's the first blow." As ho spoke there camo a dull heavy thud ; some Redskin returning from the carousal, had struck tho kitchen door with his tomahawk. No more appetite for supper now. Wo sprang up aud obeyed Mike's injunction with feverish haste. By his order wo took off onr shoes,: and stepped about as lightly as possible, no ono speaking above his breath. Onr ears wero naturally very much open, under these cir cumstances, and wo presently became aware that tho place was surrounded by the enemy. Ghostly knocks sounded at the doors, somo soft, some heavy. Tho voice of Black Scalp, decidedly ttiick ia utterance, wasaudible more than once, asking "las senoritas" to admit him, "to say good-byo." Then crack went the glass of the parlor window, and wo could hear the Chief vainly wrenching at tho shutter with his kaife. Now camo a rustle and a scramble on tho roof. Some enterprising individual was trying to make his way through, but soon desisted, finding tho earth hard as baked brick. It may easily be imagined tho way in which these symptoms of activity outside affected our nerves. Happily wo had not much time to think. Everyone was hard at work convoying all tho furniture in tho place to tho parlor. Here, Jake Blundell, tho Mexicans and Mr. Gillespie were skilfully constructing a barricade in front of the door of the girls'room. In tho ccntro they placed tho piano, flanking it with tho bedsteads, the wholo filled in with chairs nnd odds and ends so arranged that the attackingjparty would havo to pull it asunder picco by piece beforo they conld reach those behindhand in all parts wero canning loop holes, through which tho repeating rifles would do terrible execution. Tho position of the harrier was chosen because tho girls' room had only one small window, and uo outer doors, so would mako a good sanctuary, should Ibeboysbolato in arriv ing on tho scene. By the timo our work was dono, tho gnns and ammunition placed in convenient position, tho uego began iu good earnest. Shrill cries of drunken braves wcro heard on sides, growing louder and mora menacing as tho, news of the blockado spread abro'ad. Now and then there was tbo vicious whirr nnd thnd of a rifle bullet, men firing rccklossly at both doors aud windows ; and, through all, gradually increasing in volume, cauio the stcadv thunder of blows upon the parlor window" nnd the kitchen door, the places which seemed specially chosen for attack. ' III fivo minutes from tho timo tho first shot was fired wo wero all boliiud our barrier, Mike Alison, alone, slowly pacing through the empty rooms. He held a revolver in either hand, and was ready with a hospit able welcome for tho Redskin unlucky enough to bo the first to force the blockado. Beforo ho took up this position, however, ho had care fully placed us behind the barricade. In the first rank, kneeling and training their carbines between chan- legs, wcro tho .Mexicans, good shots both, quick bauds with tho knife at closo quarters, and (icrco and activo as wild cats Close behind, stooping so that ouly our eyes appeared above the barrier, wero Jake Blun dell, Jack, Mr. Gillespio nnd myself, Tho two first were armed with rifles ; Mr. Gillespie with a double barrelled shot gnu heavily charged with buck shot, a weapon like n small cannon in cool bauds; and 1 handling a revolver, to which I was most nccuslomcJ, currying a ball larger than tho bullet of a Winchester carbine, and with a rifled bnrrcl 10 inches iu length, i was in the open doorway, and behind mo Kirk Troy should have been standing with the Henry rifle he could use so well, Alas 1 Kirk hod to bo left entirely out of our calculations now. He conld no counted on as an able-bodied member J ih garrison. From tho beginning ho had l«' sn a very perturbed state of miuj, , , grow steadily until, when we reachcd the una. regions, after tho watchers were succ «fu ' drugged, ho could scarcoly stand. The < ill 7 uess of tho place had soothed his nerve (of, time, and ho worked well in the blockade h,? from the moment when the first Apache wCn was heard, hq bad dropped his gnn wi ' frightened whimper, and slunk away to iC furthest corner of tho room, as scared and nrV vous as a little child. In, v?in did Jako Blundell address him rough, forcible language ; iu vain were Lauta's attempts to soothe his fears and per«uad? hhn o help her in tho work of handing amum f tion to tho garrison. He would do nothi£ but Bit liko a frightened rabbit, turning m twisting his great hands, liis thin face white 1 as d-ntb, his lips twitching convulsively, his ! breath coming in short gasps, aud his' ores almost starting from their sockets in 1 I reasoning helpless terror. f Tho poor creature could not oven av -.rh.ri he feared ; hut it was ovldeut that his bninl was completely turned. He was uow at h-i fa jo very truth, a poor, useless, gibbering idirt I So wo turned our backs upou him and settled® to work. Thq other man in tho party still unain'dl was tho Rev, Jonathan Chapin, who had ccistdH to havo any confideuco in his axe. At thisll moment bo was of little more use thai tho idiot, though ho tried with all his niHttoff conceal his feeliugs. It would hare Recall cruelty, however, to force the poor fellow iota® action ; so ho was set behind to tear cpenl! cartridge boxes, measure powder and shot iulofl right quantities, and place them ready for u'e.fl under tho direction of Ned Gillcsnie. ' M Side by side with mo iu the doorway dcr-fll Mr. Temple, with auother shot gnu. iMpe smiled as ho grasped his weapon, mid cheerily : ' gaH "I'm rather stiff for burning powder, lti,f| and my eyes aro not as good as they were its but I've knocked over a few pheasants in mjffi time, and I believe I can bag a bird or two vet,ffi I'll try, at any rate." ||p " We'll hope that it won't be necessary sir," I answered. But I felt little doubJ| about tho matter, for, as 1 spoke, thetp blows npon tho kitchen door were comingse? with such- force that tho whole plac®| quivered and shook, and the cntraucc oBpl tbo Apaches could only be a question cf a feinpi minutes. I could seo that -Mike thought tha||| same, for ho held up his hand at the momenta®! as if to preparo us for an attack, and thenar" stood in tho doorway botivcea the kitchen as«| tho bachelors' bedroom, with raised revolvcrsjp waiting. is;! The: lamp in the parlor, and another wbersp the girls wcro sorting cartridges, were the onlyK'S lights now burning. They wero to he loffe untouched, for they would be more advantaged to us than to tho Indians, as few of tlienEjbj wonld bo armed with rifles. Civilised weapon® aro discarded when their brains become liredjpj with whisky; it is then principally a quc-ticap;| of knife and tomahawk. Wo waited now in grim silence. Onr crdcr®| were distinct: and unmistakable. The signal of tho break of tho blockade would be report©! from Mike's pistols, as ho picked off the fore||| most Apaches. Ho would then make for thag| harrier, tho Mexicans covering his retreat I®3 their efforts did not effectually check the lirsfsli onslaught, Jack and tho Sheriff were to joii|g in, and should a redskin actually reach the I'srigl rier Mr. Gillespie, Mr. Temple and mjseilga wero to conclndo the business. pf There was a sudden lull in the hostilities The hearts of some of ns grew lighter fcc|a an instant ; perhaps tho boys were here. Xajs-j For now, long, loud and shrill, came Apacho whoop, aud a 6torm of blows ten timej||8 harder than beforo rained upon both door sniffs window. . |3 A prodigious crash, and a howl. Tnc dHfjgM had given way 60mewhat quicker than bsdJgB been anticipated, and thrceludinns went sprjvrajM ling full length on tho kitchen Jlocr. , camo four quick reports from Mike's rerolretsa two at a time. Oh, tho yell which feuoMfj» Never wero honest red men so shamefully ileta ceived I No palo trembling white girls to for mercy from mon who knew not the mciniDfiM of; tho word. But in their place, with thCa| bright moonlight which now poured thrcogiHm tho doorway lull upon him, stood a ' , ?£ his eyes Bhiniug as green as a tiger s, his '""IBM holding pistols which struck down (car rHiieuHM number beforo thoy had crossed the tuieeaqj Tho first rank of Indians at the kitchen were Nep's ten guests. .. .....fin Boforo tho Apaches had recovered sufncumigj from tho shock of surprise felt at this re. MM tion, Miko retreated to the next room, tor EM at tho parlor door to firo once more. , last volley, however, for now the wimio , far from where ho stood, gavo way bclc". furious attack ; tho table which had Hooked behind the shutter tottered aDll'!'W and a flood of moonlight swept.into the i« JBM Miko was now within the barrier. > .Hal sprang over tho 6ido the Mexicans ope at the door, nnd Jack and tho fcherifl a « window, for wc were now attacked l'1 two points simultaneously. The rest their fire for closer quarters. 9H " Steady, boys," shouted Mike, iu sharp and clear that his words were a IH abovo tho yells of Apaches and the C'1".! tho repeaters. " Not too fast ; mark you beforo you let go. Make every sue Don't fire, you two," addressing ' 1'jlBB and Mr. Temple, who were getting , 'n "until the devils nro closo at hand. vjMB comeback; you must form the reseru : inc. Now, liliss Nep, round the eerac you; keep away from this open deer. Cliniiin, como here. All, your uerj" ,/ggg steadier, nro they ? Hand the cart" t jgfl tho boys, don't let those girls take , ',gm Curso that idiot! I thought lie d hau spunk at such a pinch as this. My we- > MB are tlioso boys? 1 . . ,. BM It was now upwards of three he Juan started on his errand, and wc jflH expected help in littlo over two. pAH explanation wo could think of was that M| had lost his way. Like all Mexicans w good rider, and Lcono was the surest too BH fastest pony in the country. . .i.jBB Tho strugglo could ouly last ' :.VyJH Though tho continued fire of the wc Jako and Jack, mowed tlio enemy ,,,i Sgm mado their first charge, aud drove them : mm disorder, wo could sec, from the l".0 (JM faces outsido tho windows, that their wcro overwhelming, aud every mornc- a jh pccterl to hear the crackle of blazmfi ttj For some to 6ol that Wyevcr, this common expe- onknown reason, jn forco oa this aH ,heir (.(jiion, tne J; us by main force, orgies in cms g to hcar ?n the ' Koff ' piercing beyond all description Flin5' i m-c warned us that the second 3 -I'in- and pit-a-pat, pit-a-pat, ""''.writ rush" of 50 Pftirs of "uoccasmed (hi board floor. Then tho frail bar- ££ wl <">dcr tbc £ maDJ" cverrono!" yelled Mike, picking off who had climbed tho piano, and tM i i to spring into the midst of us. ':t; n -Urn"! with a will, and six Indians fell fV'i th rr iM more piercing than their yell. K mo moment part of tho barner gavc iitnrttlier aud a swarm of Apaches .5 the ononing. But Jake Bluudell s g'fon. wasPffi way, and, wielding a fit rifle as if it were a walking stick, he torrent of blows upon tho enemy "I t at hand that they tumbled back right ml Wt ia confusion ; while behind, short, l' sad quick as the bark of a „ came the reports of Jacks rc- Sr- and tho Mexicans, crouching with C e knives, slabbed every man they could riuch who had a hand upon the barrier, lot She Indians pressed on, those behind tread- \- ton their wounded comrades mercilessly, lit facing tho deadly fire of the white men iith thccaurago born of deep potations of fire- mtet and their own wild nature. Now Miguel S forward with a groan, shot by some marks- mm outside the window. At ho sound Mike «£d his right hand, his pistol ballet sped ul'lhii Indian, when just about to pick oil fc Sheriff, dropped his rifle, aud troubled us Awlfcsr sharp order. iijb Gillespie aud Mr. Temple get inside mi reload. Mako room for Harry and me." Yi'i dra'ged them back, for neither heard the vis. And then Mike and I stood in the tow shoulder to shoulder, seconding, as biREijht, the efforts of the gallant three jjfcm Jit J Bluudell was down at last. Ho had (toped loo far from the barrier in tho cxcitc- B-at of defending the breach, had been sur- rifol, ud, in fighting his way back, iseiredshlowoa tho head from a tomahawk riich knocked him insensible. A rush was ciii for his scalp, as he was a well known Bin; but Mike saw the intention in time, ffith i iharp cry, ho sprang forward, struck ditn one Indian with the butt-end of his retoiver, snitched up the tomahawk which was topped, snd, with a swiftness and fury litc- ril; demoniacal, cleared the ground of Apaches ixtro yards and more, and, seizing Jake iu hi ums, dragged him insido the barricade, timing again with tho quickness of light to (large upon those who followed, it was a remarkable fcit of strength and fib; justified a comment made by Jake heseii tho night before, except that Hike seemed possessed by fifty devils fcfial of one. In this instance bo both fared Jake's life and foiled tho Apaches' second charge, thereby giving us timo to hull;. Indians never keep up a steady, con tains struggle ; their warfare is a series of Ions attacks, between which intervals of scvc- riicautes often occur. We looked at ouo another with haggard faces. Miguel was dead ; Jake apparently so; Jack hitnss'.y knife wound in his leg which prc- Kiitl him from standing, and Jos<? was spit- fog MwJ and so much exhausted that I had ti urtT him into the inner room, as soon as s ns safe to move. Tho only able-bodied an rere myself, Mike Alison, Sir. Gillespie, & Temple and Mr. Ctrapin. There was one tip of comfort for us. Our parson was no linger trembling with nervous fear. His fnco vis still pile, but it was firm aud hard set ; his hi figure was drawn up to its full height ; in shea wo had borne Jake into a placo of U-ety in the girls' room, ho grasped Mike's Mi, saying quickly, "What shall I do? 1 nail shoot, though I am willing to try ; tell b; whit is beat." . / ' "Von will fight?" ... . .. "Ithoald not bo fit to lire, if I did not — "Rhh Take that axe, then. Is it itlihi' " 'hen hold it firmly and use "f mleistand," was the quiet reply Ji.ii ,m! ' bo wa now quite his old >J Hit again, aud the: contrast botweeu Mr. "ipini prcnouj sanctimoniousness, with his Lull altitude and speech, struck his keenly. As wo hurriedly bore Mri t barricade into tho bedroom, ho a|i y3 , I' 'arson or no parson, the good wwakee comes oat now; they have eh. «i theso New England folk, in tL'jiL.J 'heir long faces. Tho Southerners Ifbit 10 Wftr- trll5t lum now. bliss Gillespie?" The uidsfo h« hand n 0,0 shulder ! she had Ehnd ?" aho ,aid briofly. ' In J andit ia my turn." laa'ton. uS",.?0"'" ho answered in the h, inf . \\\oU tccme thorn there," add- hi if gnm whisper to mo, " for tho last time, Pt ml .1 ,s M0 not hero in ten miuatcs, ivif y ttWav altogether." t) "Peatman was. now changed tcliMm li' ?r? corucr of the girls' or naiin»r ' 0 Mexican, and lV0r0 !'laced wilh Laura, who fc'lorerLi T three at once. Ncp b;!-t, , ,vh could Still use a riflo, aud f:;. S Mo t'emplo and Mr. Uiiies- tastily crec'te I n" vChan' .ni1 myself now firoup wilt, |,7 1 rough liarricado before the ofitreli the arm-chair and a ros, as Imi ii?r , 'h men trained their 'b- Cbtfu ' l '' I!y Miko'a orders, tfo larier with » - iWith- tllC,n' ttnd bcforo hoabawk' in n ,1 '.n 000 band, and a receive th» other, Mike and I stood to attention to til. ,-s. c arB- 'o paid no 'rttsco-ncrnnnn'- , wus 6tiU Crouched hce, hi, (Lilt llu \ ,ent'wi"i "rid, ghastly li)othi,liD1 (.i'hed. and a slight frotli "pau the doo? " Wltl1 G'a>y, vacant hem; Vre' rar„!l'-r !u 'h other room. Tho "pen tn; check a' 1 ftfU>t breath '=' teelb! hiiai'„ whispered between ®«t somowbJ Ui>0U I'10 doorway, "wo or® tbey come fit a nea.,n' who knows? Agria ti. !' ftca(1y. all I" triumphant rin a/th ' .timB wi,h a ""t repeft'in,, 7 Baw how few w«e t"«ing rifles rang out, and Miko and I emptied our revolvers three lirn»s. Then I hoy were upon us, and it was hand to hand But we wcro strong and desperate men, fir-Mim- or more than life, mid for the first minute, fust as thoy caine thoy were shot and struck down. Every drop of blood in my body boiled and sang ; every muscle stood out like a band of steel. I was severely backed more than ouce nud received many a wound ; but I felt no pain Alio only thought in my mind was how to pre- \ eat the Apaches from reaching tho group bobind the barricade. And back to back with me, felling two men for my one, was Mike Alison. Twice, when a knife was at ray throat, and an Indian's hand in my hair, Mike dealt him a deadly blow. His eyes seemed upon me always, and that I ever lived at all through that time is owing solely to him. But this could not last. In spite of any struggle we could make, though the parsou's axo behind us cracked many a skull, and Mr. lomple, Mr. Gillespie, Jackand Nop, poured an unceasing tiro upon the enemy, we were pressed slowly, but surely, back, nearer and nearer to tho corner where Laura kuclt over tho wouuded men, A sickening ho'plessness began to creep over me as I saw tbo dense crowd of fierce faces in front, -and fcit the yielding harrier behind. The struggle was hopeless. I tried desperately to shako off the feeling ; hut at this moment something struck heavily against me, and I found Mike's face, pale and ghastly, resting on my shoulder, lie was severely wounded ; vet I hod little time to think of lum. There had been a slight lull iu hostilities tho minute before, for no Apacbo lived wlio camo within reach of Mike's arm. But they rallied as he fell, and wc were swept over the barrier in a moment and pinned fast against the the wall. 1 could uot move. Part of the bar ricade had fallen upon me, and I was absolulcly powcrlcss. The rush of Indians was now past us towards tho corucr itself, where Laura now stood unprotected, and foremost of all sprang a tall Indian, wearing the unmistakoablo lock of dark hair. There was nothing apparently to stop Black Scalp's course, for tho other men were held prisoners like myself by the debris of tile barricade, and Mr. Cbapin, the only one on his feet, was guarding Nep. We were lost ; wc were lost indeed ! But then— then — a most wonderful firing happened. Such a thing I havo never hoard of before, and nover read iu any story book or novel whatsoever. Black Scalp never reached his goal. Suddenly — high above the Indian's cry of triumph at Miko's fall — there was heard a most awful aud extraordinary sound ; tho yelling lungh of a maniac. When the Apaches closed iu upon us, Kirk Troy rose from his corner, his face horribly, frightfully distorted, his gibbering idiotcy changed to frenzied madness. He uo longer trembled. His great powerful frame was nerved for action ; lie held out long arms bared, with muscles like strong ropes ; his oyes gleaming in tho strango light of tho one lamp which had not been overturned and the white moonlight. He stepped forward with s.vift aud steady stride, pushing back the Indians as if they were so many children. As ho advanced lie laughed aloud— a screeching laugh— and ho made straight for tho Chief. He was close upon him when Black Scalp spraug forward with the leap of a leopard, aud with upraised knife. Kirk caught the hand that held the knife with his left, and with Iris right seized tho Chief by the long black lock of hair. Then he laughed again. The struggle did not last a moment He jerked back tho Apaclio's head so violently that his neck must havo bcon dislocated ; aud theu, letting go the lock of hair, bo clutched his throat. We all looked on without moviug, nud before tho rest had time lo recover from their amaze ment, Black Scalp's soul had passed to the happy hunting grounds. Then Kirk Troy hurled tho dead body of thoir Chief amoug tho savages, and followed, whirling Iris bony arms aud striking with Black Scalp's knife. He was in the midst of them fightiug as only a roadman can, with tho strength of insanity. Indians havo a superstitious reverence for madness, and wavered from tho moment that Kirk Troy appeared. Wlicu their Chief was killed they gavo way right aud left, though a few stood bravely out, and the panic once begun rapidly increased, uutil the Indians were tearing, hustling, and struggling to get out of the door faster than they had entered it. In three minutes the room was clear ; iu'another iniuuto there was uot a siuglo living Apache in the place. Theu back, with stag gering step, camo poor Kirk Troy, As he crossed the threshold, we could see that he was bleeding profusely, his hand pressed against his sido. He was silent, and I caunot help thinking that iu some dim way Iris senses hail returned to him. But this wo .shall uever know, for ho had not taken more than two steps iuto the room before ho reeled and fell. Ho never roso agaiu. And what now ? Iu a minute or so the Indians would recover themselves, and then . , . No 1 for there came a steady rambling souud which niado the ground tremble, and our hearts leap up inthankfuluess— the thuuder of a hundred horses' feet Tho boys had como. Crack ! Tha reports of a huudred rifles rang out liko a roll of cannon. A minute later aud tho place was full of cowboys, while uucoasiugly outside crashed tho repeaters ; now far, now near. Tho revongo party never slept that night; neither did they draw rein nor taste bito or sup all the following day ; not a single one of Black Scalp's braves ever reached the reservations. Nep's prophecy was faithfully fulfilled. An hour had passod since wo heard the tramp of tho boys, and know that wo were safe. Oar first carc was for the wounded men, and, assisted bv a number of thol>oys, wo did our best to case their pain, aud discover the extent of their hurls Among Mike's men was ono whom thoy called Zeph, who had been surgeons assistant iu tho Civil War ; ho it was who examined the wouuded— we listened breathlessly to his opinion. Jack's wound, ho said, was a mere scratch ; Jake, who had now regained con sciousness, would soon bo right if ho were only kept quiet ; Jostf, he shook his head over, though saying lie would do his lest ; but, when he came to Mike, ho said, quietly : "llo will live about half-au- hour, a few minutes less or more-no longer, k ou A better hor him quiet to yourself awhile, for I km seo ho wonts to speak to ye. 1 rep him up, so. Now get some brandy. That s all I can do b' Miko bad now como fully to himself, and was iiteaiug wilh a smile to those candid remarks. I could not speak, but beckoned to Laura, who uas attending at the moment to the sheriff. Til .W ,'ha trendy and gave it to Miko. theu sho k uelt down besido the dying man in silence, waiting for him to speak. Jl® rcp''cd, though sho. had said Sn . t1 am B0 Pain- Laura-no Fossof blotd ,FBBOtlMTe-I«PPO«>tt » 'ho Irosently lie began to talk clearly and well, though m a low voice. " Yes. I havo more than one thing to say, and I must be quick about it, as Zeph said. So hoys came in timo. Did Juan lose his way? Ah. I thought so. I know thoy would not be two hours in riding here. A little more brandy, Laura. So — so — and you nover gucssod— you never remembered mo. Why, I 7?u from the first, though you were but a little thing when I saw you last. I knew you partly bemuse you are so tike Adelaide— Adc- ,7"'10 rcPea'ei1 this name as if ho loved it. " ell, I did uot mean you to find it out, and if I had lived you would not. Laura," ho paused here for a moment, and then spoke very slowly, "you are so very like your sister Ade laide, so very like Adelaide — when I kaew her, and wheu I loved her ' We both started. " Do you recognise mo uow ?" Laura shook her head with a bewildered look. " No. You were a verv littio girl— and I am altered— Heaven knows th'at— altered out of all recognition. Well, then, I am Harrolil Courtney." Laura looked intently at the haggard face. "Oh yes I I sco it now," she cried ex citedly. " I remember you. When I was a child you often camo to "seo us. You were at Oxford with Tom Copley— Adelaide's hus band. " Yos — and something more than that — hut you were very young and didn't know." " Something more ? Oh I Alike — Har old — that we should owe our lives — once — twice to you 1 Oh 1 if Adelaide know I" He raised his head, and spoke fiercely be tween iris clenched teeth : "I loved Adelaide, Laura. I loved her before he ever saw her. Why, It was I introduced him to her first of all. I tell you she should have been my wife." A tit of coughing now came on, and choked him. In a little while he continued quietly : " Wo won't say more about it now. It was tho old story. I cared for her a long, long whilo, and I thought sho was beginning to return it, Then I spoke, and found that it was too late; sho was already privately engaged to — to- Tom. Well, I left Eoglaud before I did any harm, that is all I can say for myself. I've been what you have heard since. But there's one thing I want you to kuow — I want you to tell her, Laura. What I've done for you was partly for her sake — not all, for I owed a debt to Harry — but, you were liko her. I could uot let you be in any danger — for her sake — so I spent my money — hoping that tho Apaches would hear of tho boys, and leave tho settlement alono. And now, there's one thing more. Harry, I said last night that I'd stay to see you marriod. Will you let mo ? Will you bo marriod now, so that 1 may feel quite sure that all is right and safe before I die?" I stooped and kissed him. I might live a hundred years, but 1 should; nevor havo again sucli a true aud loving friend. Then I looked nt Laura, and sho rose to speak to Mr.' Cbapiu. Tbc parson came forward readily ; ho was bruised and sore, but otherwise little the worse for the fight, though his white tie had been torn from his neck, his black coat was in tatters, aud Iris long, pale face plentifully streaked with blood. While a . few preparations were being made. Miko lay still with closed eyes. But ho opened them suddonly, heariug his name pronounced. Jake Blundoll was spcakiug to Mr, Gillespie.- " Tell Mike," he was saying feebly, being very weak and ill, "that before he's clear off the hooks I'd liko to know that ho bears no iU-feelin'. I misjudged him: vory bad. If I were not so sick I'd go to him.- Do it for me, will ye?" ... Mr. Gillespie crossed over to the dying man. , "Can't you bring him near? ho said faintly, "where I can see him. Theu I'll answer him myself." They moved the Sheriff, and tho two men lay side by sido. With great difficulty Miko stretched out his hand, and laid it upon that of his old enemy. Jako held it close. " Can ye forgive mo, Mike?" he whispered. " As I said a'ready, I were misled, misled from begiuning to end." _ Aud the other smiled upon him, aud tried to return the pressure. " It's— all— right — all right, Jako. \ou did vour best." , His voice was very faint now, though lus eyes were bright and clear. Aud then the wedding-service was con cluded. - Was there over a stranger, wilder wed ding? , . A cowboy held tho ouly lamp— the keroscuo lamp — that had survived tbo fight. : All round us lay tho bodies' of the dead and wounded. Here lay Jose', dying fast ; ; hero lay the long- limbs of Kirk Troy, stiffened in death ; horo Jack sat, his log bandaged ; hero: was Miguel, dead ; hero the corpse of Black Scalp. The light of tho lamp fell upon these witnesses of the marriage. It foil upon tho grey oyes and pale face of Mike, who had saved us; it. loll uptm'Nep, hor faco no longer smiling, but soft and tearful; and fell upon tho brido— her whito dress torn and stainod with blood. And » fell upon tho bridogroom— what a bridegroom ! My coat hung in strips ; my shirt wn3 torn off my arms s a great gash ou tho left hand gave me only two liugirs to hold tho ring ; and my face was black with powder, aad streaked with blood. For 6poctptors wo had besides half-a- dozou of Miko's cowboys, thoir wild laces wear ing au expression of unwonted softness, and their voices answering with a deep " Arneu to tho simple prayer with which tho clergyman concluded tho service. Miko was lying quite still now, a peaceful smilo ou his face, his hand in Jako Blundoll s, his oyes upon Laura. i. Thauks, old lad," ho said faintly. " Laura, will you kiss mo ?" She did so with a sob. « Now, Harry." As my lips touched lus, he murmured softly : ' Lad, I've paid my debt, at UK1" " Oh, Miko !" I cried bitterly. There must bo soiuo hope. iTou will not die now, after all ! I cannot bear it P " Hush, Harry. It's — right, I do not wish to live. If I lived I should ouly bo worso than ever, perhaps. I want you to be liappy, and you will— you and Laura," his voice bad fallen to a whisper, his eyes wore getting dim. 11 Good bye — dear — lad — Laura — you'll — tell — Ade laide." This was his last word. Slowly the light died out of the big, grey eyes ; almost imper ceptibly the breathing stopped; his head fell back. Mike Alison was dead. 