CELEBRATING THE JUBILEE. Twelve prisoners will be liberated on Jubilee Day, June 21, the Government having decided upon an all-round reduc tion of sentences a3 an act of clemency in recognition of so auspicious an occasion. The idea of thus signalizing a great event marking an epoch in a whole generation is at least sanctioned by good usage. The Governor-General of India haa already liberated many of the long-sentence prisoners confined in the gaola of his vast dominions ; the colonies of New South Walea and, we believe, also of T&smaiiia; will set free some of the unfortunates who have spent a large portion of their lives in prison, The text of the memorial which wa3 forwardei to His Excellency on this subject by colonists of South Australia will be found in another column. It was exten sively Bigned, and received the coun tenance and commendation of many who are high in civil and reli gious authority. The chief reason adduced in favour of the proposal was that the occasion of a Sovereign's jubilee is unique, at least so far as this generation is concerned, and thab an act of clemency will not, under such circumstances, tend to lessen the public appreciation of the heinousnesa of felonious crimes or the criminaTa wholesome dread of the terrors of the law. No one would be prompted to commit a crime by the consideration that fifty or sixty years hence the Exe cutive may again resolve upon a re lease of a number of prisoners from the gaols. Mr. Sheriff Boothby, in giving his advice on this matter, had two things to consider. He had to try and provide for gratifying the wish which had been ex pressed, and he had also to look to the discipline of the prisons. It waa evidently, in hia opinion, very imprudent to begin to draw fine distinctions between the prisoners. Good conduct in gaol is proved by experience to be no infallible evidence of genuine repentance. Indeed, the authorities on this matter declare that as a rule the confirmed criminal takes care ta behave Tiimpaifj and secure the one-third reduction of his sentence. It is part of his professional training to be able to exercise bo much self-control. If one man were liberated and another in the next cell were left to workout his sentence to the bitter end, it is quite evident that the latter would have his temper soured, and would be very much more difficult to deal with. Where all are treated alike there is but; iutle chance of discontent. It is favouritism and personal spite that usually lead to mutiny. Mr. Boothby's suggestion, therefore, was that there should be an all-round reduction of sentences, and the twelve who go out on next Tuesday week are men whose sentences have neatly ex pired. First- offence prisoners will have a one-sixth reduction; second offence, one- twelfth; and third offence or over, one - eighteenth. Leniency to prisoners who have been two or three times convicted of serious crimes seems somewhat out of place. But on the other hand, if the jubilee clemency were to be confined to first-offence prisonera, the public mind would begin to get sus picious. Many a man who has been twice convicted has deserved far less punishment than the defaulters who laat year brought pain and misery into many a home. Life-sentence men will be specially considered by the Executive, and probably they will be dealt with according to the character of their behaviour while in gaol. The Sheriff's expedient of an all round reduction of sentences, rout-h-and- ready though it Is, will serve in default of a better. It will at least gladden the hearts of many deserving people in the shape of the wives and families of some of the prisonera, by whom the punishment inflicted has been, perhaps, mure keenly felt than by the culprits themselves. Two Charity Funds have been started to commemorate the Queen's Jubilee. The practical character of the people of South Australia is shown in the fact that benevolent objects of one sort or another are kept in view in nearly all, if not all, the proposals that have been made with reference to the jubilee. In England, what with the suggested monument to the late Prince Consort, the proposed restora tion of the ruined Jubilee Temple of George 1TL, andthe Church Housq, the psople have begun to get sick of the very name of the Jubilee before the day itself has arrived. Any subscription on behalf of the poor could easily be applied to better purposes than those mentioned. But the idea of a free feast on June 21 is not one to commend itself to the public mind. Such a mode of celebrating a great occasion was all very well in the olden days~in England, when the lord of the manor routed an ox and got all his poor dependents around him on his ancestral grounds. But clas3 distinctions do not exist in this country as thsy do in England, and the majority of the deserving poor have too much self respect to scramble at a free feast for the an'™*1 gratification of having as - big - a -joaeal as ~ .possible. -~ -Plenty of j poverty; exists, and * as a rule it ia the very people who would not attend Buch a celebration who are moat in need of sympathetic help. Let the fund be subscribed by all means, but let it be devoted to assisting the poor folk to tide over the present winter or kesp the wolf from the door until work ia obtained. A stock of fuel or a few blankets or a sum of money in payment of rent would be far more efficacious for good than any free dinner that could be devised. If the purpose ba to celebrate the particular day set apart for the rejoicings, will not a jubilee gift be a better mode of attaining that object than a jubilee feast? The difficulty of deciding upon a definite object for a benevolent fund is apparent in the movement for the relief of poor and distressed women. There is no lack of interest in the work on the part of a select circle of Iadie3 in various centres, but in many quarters there is a reluctance to sub scribe because no definite plan haa yet been determined upon for the disposal of the money when it has been collected. It seems to us that this is an altogether unreasonable course to take. It ia certain that the money will be devoted to some worthy object, and whether it be an addition to the Convalescent Hospital or a sanatorium in the hills, a special ward in the Adelaide Hospital, or a fund to provide poor women with lodgings or necessary clothing it is clearly worthy of support. A meeting of the subscribers will be held as soon a3 possible with a view to settling this matter. Only one of the objects proposed can be properly carried out, and the majority will have the privilege of decid ing which it shall be. Ieexakd and Mb. Gladstone. — ilr. Gladstone ha3 made a point in favour of concessions to Ireland by referring to the result of the meeting held in Melbourne the other night. He said at Cardiff, as we are informed by our telegrams, that the sympathy of the colonies had been expressed by a gathering of 10,000 persons held in the neighbouring colony, and it may well be imagined that this news from over the seas was received with some enthu siasm. Mr. Goschen, on the other hand, is under the impression that the colonists of the British Empire are nearly ail in favour of coercion. Such a conclusion is utterly unjustified by facts. In Canada the hostility of the different factions led recently to mo3t unseemly riots, and to tho failure of Mr. W. O'Brien's musion. But it should ba remembered that th6 Canadian Parliament ha3 before this signi fied in the plainest manner its sympathy with Home Rule. As for the Australian Colonies, if the people in this quarter of the world were polled on the- Bub ject there is good ground for be lieving that there would be a majority in favour of something like colonial Home Rule for Wales. Nearly one-third of the population are either Irish or of Irish descent, and the re mainder of the people are at least as enthusiastic in the cause of liberty as are those of Scotland or Ireland. Colonists are favouiable to Home Ruia because they know the advantages which it ha3 conferred upon them, and they take it a3 an axiom that the people of a country should never be governed against their will, much less dragooned into acceptance of a rule in which they have no aympathy. The Times has recently taken to vilifying Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Parnell by classing them with O'Donovan Rossa. But old colonists know that Henry Parkea and Robert Lowe when they led the Home Rule movement in New South Wales were treated in just the same manner. Mean while the self-command shown by some of the Irish people is decidedly praiseworthy. As a correspondent shows elsewhere, the suffering entailed by evictions is immensely more prevalent than the retaliatory offences classed as out rages. The Times and some of the other London newspapers will probably wake up before long/ as they did after the last long Tory spell of power, to find that public opinion has got far in advance of them, and that the Liberal party led by Mr. Gladstone have gained in the affec tions of the people, notwithstanding all the misrepresentations of so large a Bcction of the Press. Wednesday's Pakliahest.— Both Houses sat on Wednesday. In the Council the debate was continued upon the motion for the adoption ot the Address in reply, which was seconded by the Hon. J. Bosworth. A long speech was contributed by the Hon. Dr. Campbell, and the Hons. W. A. Weat Erskine and S. Tomkinson also spoke. The debate was adjourned at the suggestion of tbe Hon. W. C. Baik till next day. Early in the proceedings notice wa3 given by the Hon. R. A. Tarlton of a resolution to the effeofc that a Select Committee should be appointed with power to confer with a Bimilar Com mittee of the Assembly on the best measures to be adopted with a view to encourage amongst farmers and small occupiers of land the cultivation of such products as are specially adapted to the soil and climate of South Australia, and while yield ing the greatest profits to afford the moat constant employment as well as in creased railway traffic. The Council rose at . a quarter past 4 o'clock. In the early stages of the sitting the Assembly agreed to lend to the Jubilee Exhibition Commissioners the pictures on the walls of the Chamber, and Mr. Glynn gave notice of a Bill [to abolish distress for rent. There was a full attendance of members, while the galleries were crowded to witness the con clusion of the debate which sealed the fate of the Downer Administration. The discaHsion, which proceeded vigorously, as related else where, finished at a quarter past 6, when the division was taken, resulting in the defeat of the Government by 29 to 16 votes. Tho House rose shortly before half-past 6. The Old and the New Ministsies. — The members of the Downer Cabinet will begin to [clear out their official pigeon-holes to-day. It has been suggested that the absence of the fremier will necessitate a delay in their formal resignation, but the Acting Premier says that no difficulty will arise. A Cabinet meeting will be held thi3 morning, when Ministers will, aa a matter of course, resign. Mr. Playford will pro bably be sent for shortly after noon. Meeting the House at the usual time the ordinary notification of resignation will be given by Mr. Bray, and Mr. Playford will doubtless announce his acceptance of the task of forming a new Administration. Then it 13 understood there will be an adjournment till Tuesday, Mr. Playford in the meantime choosing Mb colleagues. There is authority for stating that Mr. Kingston (aa Treasurer) and Mr. Coles will be amongst those gentle men, Besides these Messrs. Johnson and Homburg are most generally mentioned, but Mr. Playford -has been left quite free to act in respect to them and to the others. Nothing whatever has yet bsen done regarding the selection of a representative in the Council. Aechbishop Cabb ih Adelaide. — On Wednesday Archbishop Carr, accompanied by Archbishop Reynolds, Dr. Corbett (Bishop-elect of GippBland), and the Eev. Father Stephens, paid a visit to the Christian Brothers' College, Wakefield-street. After being shown through the establishment, with which he was much pleased, the Archbishop was conducted to the large classroom, in which the pupils to the nnmber of 200 were assembled. An im promptu entertainment, consisting of solos 1 ''?'' ' part viongs, and choruses, with recitations, , was then most creditably gone through by the boys of- the singing clas3. Master E. Ber-~~-' ??' mingham's eoIo was much admired, whilst the recitations of Masters D'Arcy Burke,' Lester, Field, and Murphy were eo ; ; good that the Archbishop declared he had never heard better from any boys. He then Eaid it waa a carious coincidence that the last audience he addressed before leaving Ireland was composed of Christian Brothers' boys, and that the first ho should address on reach ing the shores of Australia should also consist of the pupils of the Christian Brothers. After complimenting the Brothers on their great success both in the colonies , and at home, he advised tho boya to make ? the best use of tbe time at their disposal, and - always to mako religion the groundwork of their lives. After thanking them for the entertainment tbey had given him, ho-. requested that they ehould bo granted &« holiday, the granting of which was receimt . ? with loud and prolonced cheers. The Mel- ; bourne deputation, consisting of tha Hon. Hf, Fitzgerald, M.L.C, and Messrs. Ivors and' Fcgerty, [appointed by the Reception Com-' ~ rnittee to meet Archbishop Carr, arrived by -r ,:' the express from Melbourne on Wednesdays '? morning. The object of their coming to Ade laide is to bid the Archbishop welcome to*,' Australia. Mr. Fitzgerald brings with him copies of the addresses which are to be prt- V*. eented to Dr. Carr on his arrival In Melbourne i on Saturday. ? j , Tee Legislative Council ElectiohsJ— -' At a meeting of the Executive Council on ? Wednesday the date of nominations, for the vacancies in the Central and Northern Dis tricts was fixed for June 22. The election of two members for the Central District will take place on Saturday, June 25, and of one member for the Northern District on Wed nesday, July 6. The -writs will be issued afc once. Tbakscostikextal Eailttat Coiraiissioir.! —Mr. Newland, Chairman of the Transconti nental Railway Commission, has telegraphed from the Peake that he expects to be in Ade laide on Saturday night. He find3 that the ordinary mail vrill not reach Adelaide till Tuesday, so be is riding from the Peake feo~ - Stracgways, end started from the former place ' , on Tuesday afternoon in the hope of covering; the hundred miles between the Peake and Strangways by this morning at 10 o'clock in time for tho ordinary train, Lectuse by Mb. Paesoxs. — The Hon. ' J. LangdonPareoce, Government Resident of the Northern Territory, has consented to give a. . lecture on the 17th inst ia aid of the Jforth Adelaide Institute. The title will be ' Travel Talk : About in the East.' The lecture will .. '.. no doubt be an exceedingly interesting and-' instructive one. Tee Zoological Garde?.— The Acting. Director of the Zoological GardeD informs us that the qnail recently imported from New. ' Zealand have beea liberated in various parts ;' of the colony. The large lion is expected to - arrive in about ten days' time. Buixi Colliery Disabteb Fund.— Hut Worship the Mayor has reoeived from the .. Secretaxyof theCentrtl Committee of the Bolli - Colliery Disaster Fund, Sydney, & letter an- : knowledging the safe receipt of draft for £525 contributed by the people of South Australia to help those rendered helpless by reason of the explosion in the Bulli Coal Mine on Mrsrcb.23 last, and communicating the follow ng resolution passed ' with acclamation and unanimity' by the committee: — ' That a special vote of thanks be conveyed to the Right Worahipfal the Mayor of Adelaide for the draft of £525, eenfc by him on account of the people of South Australia in aid of th» Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund ; and that tho Mayor be respectfully asked to make known to the Gubseribsra this committee's apprecia tion of the donors' tender aa well u tangibla sympathy with those in distress.' The Ceuiikal Sittings. — Tha second batch of case3 to be tried during the present session of the Criminal Court were disposed of before Mr. Justioe Bundey on Tuesday. William Alfred Marjoram, & youth of 1S-» against whom twelve charges of housebreak ing and larceny were down on the calendar, was sentenoed to four years for houaebreaking and two for larceny. He pleaded guilty to two charges of EtealiDg, and denied all' of the others. The Jury found h& - wa3 guilty of hoasebreaking, and the Crown Solicitor then announced that ha would not proceed with the other informa tions. August Martin received a sentence of four years for forgery and for stealing a letter containing money. Edgar George. Watts will be incarcerated in prison for fifteen months, that being the extent of the punish ment awarded him for having stolen a watch and chain at Unley en the &&y; of the general elections. John James Kelly, who was found guilty of forgery, received a sentence of threa years. Edward Evans wgd arraigned on a charge £of stealing a bell, bat .the Jnry ao quitted him. Thomas EvanB pleaded nofc ^ guilty to forging and uttering, and he, too* was found not guilty. The casea on the list for to-day are Kent NaBb, manslaughter; Emily Cox, Martha House, and Elizabeth Butler, stealing; Walter David MoKenzie* embezzlement ; and Henry Harrison, house breaking. Marine Board Operations at Port Germein. — The Treasurer has authorized the Marine Board to provide about twelve cross ings to the streets opposite the principal stores at Port Germein, and to place a turnout at the north end of the line. This will be put in hand at once. The Treasurer has also approved of the recommendation of the Board to deepen a second berth alongside the jetty. This work, which will take about six weeks to complete, will probably be under taken in a few weeks by No. 4 Dredger now at Port Pirie. A depth of 20 feet at low water will be obtained at this berth. The Ceadock ' Ghost,'— The police have laid informations against the members of ths Hamdorf family, under the 63rd clause of the Police Act, for attempting to impose upon Mounted- constables Thomas and Shegog and other persons, by pretendkig to hold a con versation with the spirit of a deceased person by means of mysterious knocking, upon their leasehold premises in the Hundred of Moockra, in order to depreciate tho value of the land, which being held under lease from the Crown had become liable to forfeiture. The casea will be heard before local Jastioea at Hammond on the 15th Inst. Sub-section 4 of the clause under which tho information is laid states that ' every person pretending, to tell fortunes, or using any subtle craftj means, or device, by palmistry or otherwise to deceive and impose upon any of Her MBJeety's subjects' , . . . . 'ehall b&- liable to imprisonment in any gaol in the said province, with or without hard labour,, for any time not exceeding three calendar months.' DlSAPPEABAKCE OF A JAPAKESS IeONCLAD. —One of the most interesting questions to naval men at present is tho disappearance of the Japanese cruiser Uusti- Kan, which left- ? Singapore for Japan early in laat December ; and has never been heard of since. Her? insurers are Eaid to be responsible to the extent of 1,200,000 dollars. She took in coal at Singapore ia first-class order, and her commander — a Frenchman— expected to reach Yokohama under fourteen days. Nothing wa3 Eaid of the intended route, which ia Eometimea; varied by those who are influenced by old faahioned ideas. It -vrcs known before she left Singapore that the mon&oon; was blowing with considerable force, and that the sea : waa heavy, eo it is thought in Japan that the heavily armed ship haa beenv . svraniped. The vessel had passed through a formidable Rale, Ia which Ehe showed an extraordinary development of first-rate sea going qualities. There are many speculations' as to the fate of tho vessel. The Uaebi-Kan was built in France, and most of the crew and officers were French, there being about a dozen Japanese, two of whom were superior officers of the navy. On her trial trip the vessel developed a speed of 18'5 knots, Her guns were made by Krupp. Two men-of-war have been searching for her, and have traversed the routes she ia supposed to have taken, but have made no discoveries. The last rumour is that the remains of a large vessel have been found on the east coast of Formosa, but this haa not yet been verified,. If certain of the many assumptions aB to the fate of this vessel are correct, one of the I finest and fastest of modern ironclada has- been destroyed by the sea. ThbAdb&aids; Jusilsb Chess Cosqbess. \--^Th« Intercolonial Cheaa Congress Commit tee met again on Wednesday evening, Jane 8. The raks and regulations, which were con sideredand revised at previooa meetings, were finally cSBcoBsed and passed. They consisted of a code of twelve tales applicable to play generally. Then followed eighteen rales for the guidance of competitors in the major tournament The same roles with four msdi finfttirma were made binding in the minor tournament These were snsseeded by nine Instructions for the Playing Committee who have been appointed , to manage the Congress. The prize-list ? in tha major tourney is as follows:— £30 aad the champion ship of Australasia, £30, £20, £10, and £5; also a special prize of 5 guineas, presented by the proprietors of the Australasian for the most brilliant game. Tha prizes in the minor tourney are respectively £10, £8, £6, £5, £3, £2, and £1 ; also a special prize of the value of 2 guineas, presented, by Mr. J. H. Mallabone for the most brilliant gams. Baxter's ' Chess Problems' will be given for the game with the most problem-like ending. It was reported that the Town Hall Ex change-room had been engaged. The con gress will be opened by Ifia Excellency the Governor on August 17, and. play will ter minate August SL Babies will close early in August The names were: mentioned of leading players muKaw Zealand, New South Wales, and Victoria wlio thfl committee were advised would compete. .The fund waa reported to amount to £186 13a. lid. The Playing Committee consist of Messrs. D. J. Adcock, H. Barritt, A. 2. Beyer, G. Chamfer, C.E., J. Mann, J.P., A. W. Marshall, C. J. S. Shutfleworth, J. Sibbald, A. M. Simpson, J.P., and fi. M. Steels. EOHXTNGA Wattt,h PLAHTAHOir COXEAHT. —The half-yearly meeting of the Echnnga Wattla Plantation Company was held at the Secretary's office, Exchange, Pirie-street, on Wednesday morning. Mr. C Peacock pre sided over a fair nbbanHaanei of share holders. The report stated that ' the Manager speaks highly in his last report of the growth, on the farm, encouraged by the beautiful season. Clearing and plant ing have been vigorously pushed on since last report; Great care was exercised - during the summer months to prevent damage by fire, and for many months to come the pro perty can ba considered free from danger therefrom, nt is with great, regret that your Directors have to announce; the death of their late colleague, Mr. J. T. Fickliag, thereby -wmfag a vacancy in the Directorate that it will be your duty at this meeting to fill up,' The balance-sheet showed the receipts from calls were £205 Ids. during the half-year, aad £45 19a. from depasturing ; the expenditure by labour and cartage was £128 8s., and the Bank balance £80 13a. lOd. The Chairman; in moving the adoption of the report and balance- sheet, said that he had paid two visits to the property since last meeting, and the property, under the management of Mr. vonDoussa, was looking splendid. It was almost incredible the difference in the appearance of the country that had been effected by the clearance of the honeysuckle. In the past the land had been prepared for tree-planting by ploughing and hand-sowing ; that had proved very costly, so recently the places where the trees were to ba planted were marked with a mattock and the seed put in. This saved a considerable expenditure, and so far as could be judged at present waa quite as effective as the old system. The amount received from depasturing fees was substan tial, bat cattle and sheep had been excluded from the property, only horses, which did no harm to the wattles, being allowed to graze. Mr. H. E. Fuller seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. J. Bake well waa appointed a- Director. The Chair man thought it would be unwise to strip before next year, as the trees were now doing so remarkably well, and the back available increased so much between, four and six years that it was deemed well to let them alone for the present. After several share holders had expressed satisfaction at tha economical ''Ti»gflmfiTit the meeting termi nated. - . NAnoirii. Building Society.— The annual meeting of the National Building and In vestment Society was held at the Society's office, Victoria-square, on Wednesday even ing. Mr. J. Anderson presided over a fair attendance, and read the Directors' annual report, which stated that through causes beyond the control of ths Directors the Society had not been so prosperous as in former years; never theless a fair profit had been made on the year's transactions. They regretted that necessity bad compelled so many of the shareholders to withdraw from the Society {£16,825 4s. 8d, by withdrawals), thereby materially reducing the Society's income. They declared a dividend on the half-year's transactions of 6d. in the pound. This, with the interim dividend declared last December of Si, made a profit of Is. 2d. in the pound for the year. The position of the borrowers on the Good wood Park and Southwark Estates remained much about the same as last reported on. In the balance-sheet of assets, and liabilities the Board had taken great care to estimate the valuations of the assets of the Society in accordance with the altered conditions of the market value of property. They called atten tion to the following statistics of the Society's position, made up to April 30, 1887 :— Total receipts of the Society, £898,537 3s. 84; total amount lent out on loan, £365,554 13a. 7d.; total amount paid to investing share holders whose shares matured, £287,150; gross profit made, £165.764 3s. Id. The balance-sheet fox the year showed that the receipts were £5,751 9a., and the expenses and allowances on matured ahares £2.173 fo. 6d., leaving a net profit of £3,578 2a. 6d. The Directors had written £3,100 off the assets, which were now estimated to be worth £12,900. A Reserve Fond had been initiated, and now amounted to £38 Us. 8d. The Chairman referred to the satisfactory posi tion of the Society with regard to the Good wood Park and Southwark estates. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Satisfaction was expressed at the position of the Society considering the times. The retiring Directors, Messrs. A. Percy and G. Smith,: were re-elected without opposition, and Messrs. W. Maley and E. Aicock were appointed Auditors. Fbehcasosby.— In the presence of a large and brilliant gathering of Freemasons at the Flinders- street Hall on Tuesday night, June 7, Brother J. Le M. F. Roberta, who by dis pensation bom the Grand Master (His Honor Mr. Justice Way) had been elected for the third time W.M. of the Lodge of Truth, No. 8, S.AXL, was again installed, The ceremony was ably performed by P.M. Brother F. C. Bowen, P.J.G.D., assisted by V.W. Brother P. Sansom, G.S.W., V.W. Brother F. Olifenti G.I L., W. Brother G. C. Knight, G.D.G, W. Brother Kemp, G.J.D., and P.St Benbow. TheRW. Brother H. M. Addison, PJXG.M., V.W. Brothers. Solomon, G.P.B.G.P., W. Brother J. H. H. Tockins, &.S.D., W. Brother J. Shakespeare, G.O., and the masters and officers of several of the city and suburban Lodges were also amongst those present' The officers for the ensuing .year were invested aa follows:— S.W., Brother F. V. Beyer; J.W., Brother A. Meyara; Tres surer. Brother J. T. Stephens; Secretary, Brother G. T. Pank ;SD., Brother J. Wed lock ; J.D., Brother J. Goodwin ; LG., Brother W. H. Hunt j Organist, Brother C. P. fiosenhain ; D.C., Brother J. P. Benbow, P.M. ; Stewards, Brothers E. T. Collins, J. Polkinghome, W. Crawford, and J. G. Windle ; Tyler, Brother Kildael, P.M. JCBILEB OF C03GBEGAH0HALI5X. — The arrangements for the celebration, of the jubilee of Congregationalism are being made satisfactorily. A coarse of lectures on the battle for religions liberty in England and this colony will be delivered in July by the Hevs. J. a Kirby, W. B. Fletcher, C. Manthorpe, ana F. W. Car, and Mr. A. Stow. Full particulars will be given in our adver tising columns. Dr. and Mrs. Dale and Mr. and Mrs. Spicer ate expected to arrive in Adelaide via Hobart on September 2, and will remain during the month. An Inter colonial Conference will be held at the same time, whm ministers and delegates from the sister colonies will be present It is proposed to have an open-air Sunday-school demon stration on September 1. A jubilee choir of 150 voices, under the teaching of Mr. XI J. Stevens, is practising the cantata ' The Holy City,' which will be given in the Town Hall during tha Conference. Pbobaele Yisrr or the Chdtese Com missiosses. — It ia now very probable that General Wong Yung Ho and Consul General U Tsing, who are at present in_ Melbourne, will visit Adelaide, de spite their previously announced intention not to do eo. On Tuesday Mr. Way Lee, one of the leading members of the Chinese com munity in Adelaide, received a letter from the General, stating that he, with his Bnite and two Chinese residents in Mel bourne, would very likely be in Adelaide early nest week. They will come by the express train, probably on Monday or Tues day, and will remain until after the opening of the Jubilee Exhibition. Mr. Way Lse expects to hear from the General again to-day, and preparations will then be made for suitably recognising the distin guished visitors. Payment eoh Bbead. — An adjourned meeting of master bakers of the city and suburbs was held at the Strut Hotel, Gren fell-street, on Wednesday evening. Mr. W. A. KiahoU3 presided over a large attendants. The present system of credit and meana to remedy the same were fully discussed by all present, and it wss carried unanimously that the resolution as pui sac! at the previous meeting be confirmed, viz. :— 'Taii for the future a caah daily or weekly system be in sisted on.' It waa farther resolved that a card or circular be given to customers an nouncing the above terms. Gaihshi:;g a Csowd. — It has often bsen remarked how simple a thing will cause a crowd to collect Thia waa fully illustrated in Adelaide on Tuesday evening. There was a long ladder placed against the wall of a three-storied building in Sing William-street, and a man of a sporting turn of mind seized the slight opportunity of making a small wager with another a3 to its length. To decide the difference of opinion one, defying the artful aids of subtle mathematics, proceeded to a plain demonstration by mounting, and with a 2-foot rule measured it down. Meanwhile a small crowd around the foot of the builder's plant was growing like a snowball in a snow storm, until when the tedious measurement had been finished it covered half of the road way. Bolt.— Shortly after noon on Wednesday Mr. John Howe, of Para Plains, left a horse with a spring-dray standing near the kerb in King William - street, while he went into Mr. Hannam'a fruit shop. He had not been inside long before the horse, becoming frightened, dashed madly across the intersection of the streets, and thence down Rundle-street. The street: was pretty full at the time, and it was sur prising that the runaway got as far as it did without accident In front of Gaulffl, however, its- career was ended, as it ran into a cart belonging to Mr. John O'Dea which was standing on the road. Mr. Howe's horse was so severely injured in the shoulder that it is not probable it will survive. The other horse was uninjured, but both vehicles were considerably damaged. ; The Small Eire at Pobt Adelaide. — The City Coroner has decided not to hold an enquiry on the fire which occurred in a loft on the premises of Messrs. Burton & Shorney, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening. Death of M'w. H. O. Sayer. — An inquest was held on Tuesday, June 7, at the Horseshoe Inn, Noarlunga, before Mr. Waterman, J.P., and a Jury touching the death of Mr. Henry Ord Sayer, who died suddenly the previous evening while taking a walk on the road between Clarendon and Noarlunga. Mr. C. Furies was foreman. Evidence having been given by the son of deceased and others, Dr. McGowan said he had come to the conclusion that the cause of death was disease of the heart. He should not have attempted so long a walk. Did not think medical attendance would have been of any use. The Jury returned a unanimous verdict — 'Cause of death, disease of the heart ; death accelerated by over exertion.' Matosal Robes fob Gawleb.— On 'Wed- nesday evening a large number of ladies and gentlemen met in the Gawler Town Hall for the purpose of witnessing the presentation of Mayoral robea to tha Mayor (Hon. James Martin, rH.L.G). Mr. rjohn Eudall, S.M., said the meeting had been called with a view of presenting robea to the present Mayor of Gawler, not only for Ma use, but for those who might succeed him. The movemeat had originated with some ladies, and Mesdames Cox, Deland, Wincey, Clement, [Borkitt, aad James Fotheringbam, and Misses Stevens and Marshall had done the collecting, and £20 3a. 6d. had been received. The robes had cost £14, so that there waa a surplus of SO 5s, 6d., which would be handed over to the Benevolent Association. It was consi dered that he should make the presenta tion on account of being an old resident, and so intimately connected with the Corpora tion. Mr. Eudall then gave a r&umi; of Corporation matters, and said the town was incorporated in October, 1857. Mr. R. J, Turner, ths Special Magistrate at the Port. was the first Mayor, and his friend Mr. Martin was an Alderman, and since then Mr. Martin had been elected Mayor of the town no less than eight times. Gawler would become the Ballarat of South Aus tralia. Mesdames Fotheriugham and Bur kitt then, amid cheers, assisted the Mayor to put on the robes, which were made of groa grain silk and sable fur. The Mayor (Son. James Martin, M.L.C.) was received wish cheers, and said he thanked them on behalf of the Council and himaelf for the presentation. Of course he did not take it simply as a personal matter, because it was a presenta tion from the ladies to the town, himself in dividually as the OOCUpier Of a certaia posi tion at the present time. Ifc waa thirty years since the Corporation waa started, and the Mayor had acted a leug time without ;them, but he supposed it was better late than never. Individually he was not very fond of robes, but, of course, would wear them for tha sake of the ladies. He expressed his gratitude and thanks to the ladies for the trouble thay had taken in providing the robes. He hoped they would find thej had not SDoilt him. Mr. B. E. Deland, J.P. (President of the Benevolent Association), on behalf of the Association, thanked the ladies for the hand some donation which would be forthcoming. After three cheers for the Qaeen the company then adjourned to the Institute, where light refreshments Jwere spread, and toasts were enthusiastically drunk. Beaks Infested wira Beetles. — Mr. Frazer S. Crawford has forwarded the fol lowing report to the Commissioner of Crown Lands :— ' Surveyor- General's Office, Photo lithographic Branch, Jane 4, 18S7. Sir— I have the honour to repori that I am informed on good authority thai a shipment, consisting of about 1\ tons of haricot beans, is now stored in Adelaide, and that the same is badly infested with a weevil beetle. In a small sample examined by me about one third either contained a live beetle or showed that one had lately emerged. These baaua are generally imported for culinary purposes ; but it is not unlikely that some may be used for seed; and I think it but right that persons should be warned against using not only these, but also all imported beans or peas, showing th9 characteristic srah holfi for such a purpose, a3 thereby there would be great danger of iatro dncing a destructive pest amons; our leguminous crops. The beetle beloag3 to the family Bmchidse, and ia either Bruchu3 granaries or a closely allied species. Coa cerniijg these Miss E. A. Onnond, ic her manual of Injurious Insects writes as follows: —'Bean beetles (Bruchi) of various speciea are found sometimes in enormous quantities in imported seed. . . . The Peace beetle injures the crop by laying its eggs- in the beans and peas whilst they are still soft in the peds, often choosing the finest for tha purpose. The maggot3 feed inside the Eeed, sometimes eating away most of ths contents, but generally leaving the growing germs uninjured so that the seed doe3 not lose its power of spurting. When full grown the maggot gnaws a round hole to the inside oi the husk of the seed, and usually cuts a line round this kind of circular lid of its burrow, so that when nesded to bs displaced afterwards, for the escape of the beetle, the bib will fall out on a touch. The maggot turn3 to the pupa in the bean or pea in ff hich it has fed, and appears generally to pass the winter in this state. When spring comes it changes to the perfscfc beetle, and makes ita escape either by gnaw ing a way out, or' commonly by pushing out the loose lid of ita burrow. ... If infested beans or peaE are sown the beetles will not be. in the slightest degree injured by being buried, but will come up through the ground in due time to infest the new crop. . . ? Dipping the beans or peans in boiling water for one minute is stated to kill the grab inside with out hurting the seed, but as dipping for four minutes generally destroyed the germinating power the experiment ia much too hazardous for general use as regards seed.' Miss Ormond suggests that the simple remedy practised in the colonies for the weevil in rice, which destroys life by exhausting the air, might be of service in this case, viz., to fill an iron tank with the seeds until a short distance from the top, upon which set a lighted lamp or candle, then close the opening and render it airtight with white lead ; the next day the tank may be opened, when the insects will be found lying dead on ths top of the seeds. An American autho rity recommends a somewhat similar method, only instead of a lighted candle a small quantity of bisulphide of carbon ia put in the tank, which ia then made airtight. Another remedy ia to keep the peaa or beans two years before sowing, by which time all the beetles will have emerged, when if they lay their eggs these will come to nothing on account oi lack oi proper food, and .the parents will die. Care should be taken that the beetles do not escape, as they can fly welL It ia stated that keeping these kinds of seed3 two years does not injure their germinating power. I am informed thai; not very long ago a cargo of peas from America waa de stroyed at Hamburg by order of the authori ties on account of being infested with an allied Bpeciea of weevil.' EiGHT-HOtrss Celebbation.— At a meeting of the trustees of the Eight-hours Celebration Union held at the Bristol Tavern on Wednes day evening, June 8 (Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick, Chairman), it was resolved that the trustees form themselves into a committee for the purpose of carrying out the usual celebration on September 1. Several new membars pre sented their credentials — Mr. E. Lloyd (Sea men's Union, Federated), Mr. J. O'D. Hen nessy (Typographical Society), and Mr. Brown (Saddlers' Society). The following officers were elected: — Chairman, Mr. A. A. Kirk patrick, J.P.; Treasurer, Mr. H. J. Padney; Secretary, Mr. H. Jenkins. Canvassers were appointed, and it was arranged to write to several other Societies that had not appointed committeemen. Depabtmeht of Agbicultube is Queens land. — The Executive of Queensland has (says the Brisbane Courier) decided to estab lish a Department of Agriculture under the control of the Minister for Lands. Mr. Peter McLean, Crown Lands Commissioner for Brisbane, Ipswich, and Beenleigh, will be the Under-Secretary for the new departmsnt, his appointment to date from July 1 next. It is probable that Mr. McLean will viait Victoria and New Zealand with the object of obtaining information as to the working of mm flar departments in those colonies. It is anticipated that the staff of the Department for Agriculture will for some time be a very small one, and the Under-Sscretary will occupy a portion of the year in vi3iling the several agricultural districts of the colony. Gold Mines Floated is Esgla.kd.— Already twenty Australian gold mines (says an exchange) have been floated in the Eng lish market for a total capital of £3,670,000 ; of which sum North Queensland claims £2,155,000 for sixteen Companies, and when, as expected, the Day Dawn P.C. is floated for £470,000, our Northern total will be £2,625,000. Several Croydon mines, too, are expected to be successfully floated soon, which, added to the above, will bring the total to about £4,500,000, of which the ttorlh will be represented by at least two-thirds, or £3,000,000. South Queensland cornea next, with three Companies, capital £690,000 ; New Zealand has three mines, capital £115,000; Victoria three mines, capital £260,000 ; New South Wales one mine, capital SlbO.OOO ; and South Australia one mine, capital S1C0.0C0. Vaocejatikg a Habem.— The women in the Sultan's seraglio at Constantinople (eaya Truth) have just been vaccinated to the number of 150. The operation took place in a large hall, under the superintendence of four gigantic eunuchs. The Italian surgeon to whom the task was confided was stationed in front of a hug9 screen, and the women were concealed behind it, A hole had been made in the centre of the screen juet large enough to allow an arm to pass through; and in this manner the arms of various colours and Bizes were presented to the Operator in rapid succession. It ffas utterly impossible for the surgeon to get a glimpse of Mb patients ; but, in order to guard against the chance of his being able to see through ths screen, twoeunuchs who stood by theoperator threw a shawl over bis face the instant an operation was concluded, and did not remove it till the next arm had been placed in position. The Fbekch Cbowk Jewels —Our Paris correspondent, writing on April 29, saya : — ' What were formerly the Crown jewels of France are now on view in the Salle des EtatB at the Louvre, and will be brought under the auctioneer's hammer on May 8 next. They will, of course, be sold retail, and even so there will not be many peopls rich enough to make a bid. Their history is bound up with the history of France herself; they have been witnesses of her good and bad fortune ; they have known the highest grandeur and the lowest humiliation ; they have been present at all fetes, at all triumphs, adding greater splendour to them by their dazzling brilliancy when worn on the person of the sovereign; and nest day pledged to the foreigner as hostages for the ransom of a city or the guaranteed a State loan, or the payment of a war indemnity. Stolen in 1702, the greater part are recovered as if by a miracle, and again in 1848 a few more dis appear. Ihejwar of 1870. exposed them to fresh dangers, and they were sent to Brest in an old orange-box, which was thrown negligently into a corner of the arsenal, and buried under scraps of old iron, broken anchors, rusty chains, and the like. The only person who knew of the precious contents of the box unceasingly kept a vigilant eye on the treasure. The danger over, the box was brought back to Pari3 tied round with rops as if it were a mere parcel of books. It still exists, and is marked at the four corners with the anchors of the Navy Ministry. The jewels have been taken out of the insignia of foreign OrderB, for it woald never do to sell them whole — those of the Garter, for in stance, of the Golden Fleeoe, of Russian, Prussian, Austrian, and other Orders. The finest diamonds and pearl3, which no private person could afford to buy— the * Regent,' for example — will be preserved aa artistic State property.' The telegranh has informed us that the jewels realized 7,000,000 francs. Cuxabd's Company. — Cunard'a Company, which arrived from Melbourne on Wed nesday morning, will open at Garner's Rcoma on Saturday evening. The special feature of the programme will be an interest leg Japanese village, which has proved a great draw in the other colonies. The Naval Eesebve.— On Wednesday the men of the Naval Reserve completed three dajs' rifie practice, preparatory to the prize firing contest of to-day. The Bhooting wa3 fairly satisfactory. S.A. HOKTICULTITKAI. AKD FlOBICXTLTUBAL Society. — It is announced that special prizes fcr annuals in pots and for collections of annuals will be offered at the September and October Shows. Addbess to Db Cabb — The presenta tion of an address to Dr. Carr, ArchbishoD of Melbourne, will take place in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral this morning. Legislative Council Elections. — Mr. Jarces Malcolm ?will address the electors of the Northern District at Laura this evening. Glenelg Ikstttote. — The adjourned meeting of subscribers will be held this evening. Billiabds. — A match between Me33r£ Albera and Power will be played this even ing at the Selborne Hotel Saloon. 