"QUITE TRUE," BY MISS DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "Annabel's Rival," "Lady Sefton's Pride," "Footprints in the Snow," "Creasus' Widow," etc. CHAPTER I11l. THE OGr.sPro.S. Our cousin, Sir Graham (;arston, re mained for the next few days at Iladley Hall, and Edward also remained. Sir Graham frowned when he heard that Edward intended to stay, but he felt, and I felt also, that we could say nothing against it Edward told me he was going to remain, in his usual cool way. " I say, Peggy," he said, "see about getting my old room put right for me, that's a good girl. I mean, of course, to stay on hero at present, till things are all settled. I believe myself that the old boy destroyed this precious will that that idiot Chapinan is making such a fuss about." "Did you hear the contents of the will, Edward 1" I asked gravely. "Oh ! didn't III was left a beggar, and you girls enriched at my expense. But I suppose the governor repented such an act of injustice, when he felt himself coming to his latter end, and most likely threw the will behind the fire." S"It was not like him to do so," I said. :"Oh, I don't expect you to be de lighted," said Edward, with' a curling lip. " Your fraternal affection, of course, is great, but the avarice df the human heart is.greater. You natairallywould like to have been heiress of Hadley, and run after and made love to by all the sacamps who wants wife with a fortune-perhapelby our dignified cousin, Sir Graham, himself ! -My dear, I'm not surprised at your disap pointment-I quite expect you and Rosie to hate me-and l am resinned I" and hl shrngged hi. houltdersa . I did not make any answer. I looked at him, I remember, for a moment or two, 5 and thought of the bright promise of his youth. For he was clever--a useless, aim less sort of clevernes, .for, he lacked the steady industry which those who do any thing, or make any name, must possess. He was tooself-indulgent to have this. He thought often of the great things he would 'do but he never did them;:' r "So my beloved sister, tMargaret," he continued, " expectant heiress ofHadley, will you kindly look after my earthly comforts, and see' that my bed is aired, and my room swept and'gariashed 1" But, Edward,". I, answered, and I coast down. my eyes,; ',your olderoom is ;;entirely dismantled.. .It was done'so, and the door locked two years ago, by papa's 'orders; and it'has'never been re-opened." "Poor room!" said Edward, with a scornful laugh.' "No doubt it's haunted by the ghost of my good, character, which departed this life two years ago You little goose, why do you bring up that old story now, and cast it in my face I" he went on, with a darkening countenance. "Don't you see you've tried and lest. Not a word did.either of you two girls my dearly beloved sisters-say for me all this time to the old man, though yon must have seen he was dying fast ! No, you meant to supplant me. I, the rightful hbir of Hadley, was to be thrown aside, and yon-a chit, a girl, like' yoi or Rosie 'to get it ! But you see right wins in this case." And once more he he shrugged his shoulders. I felt very angry. "I do not want to quarrel with you," I said, "on the day that oir: fatherbas been carried away ; hut this I will say, I did not want to supplant you, and 1 knew nothing of the contents of my father's will until Mr' Chapman told me to.day. ! It's true I never spoke of you, for we were forbidden to speak of you.' Hester Wray tried thrice, and he would, not listen to your name. ' "Much obliged" to Dfiss Heater all the same!" said. Edward, with a little laugh. " She isn't a bad sort of girl that, though she's rather too gushing and impulsive for my taste,' and then she has an unpardon. able fault in a woman." " What is that I" I asked. "She's ugly," said Edward, ",,not downright ugly, perhaps, but she's no beauty, at any rate. There's that little vixen, Rosie, with! her skin' of lilies and roses, could get anything she wanted from 'a man. But this poor lass! Ah,.well, it's a pity, you can't all be beauties, blu it is a great gift. Beauty to a woman is what fortune and cleverness is to a man -in fact, it's everything." .,'"Not quite,;' Edward," I answered. "I agree with you, it's a great gift, for it wins love so easily,' and love is swreet t all-but it is not everything.. Beauty wins love, but it cannot retain it." S"Oh! You rather go, i for the virtuous, I know, Miss Peggy: 'But, my dear, you needn't.. You are not do hand. some as that little devil Rosie, but you are far from ugly. :You are a good-looking a pretty girl almost, in fact-and need not despair of getting a rich husband without the aid of Hadley to back your charms !" "I wish you- would not talk thus;' Edward. If you are going to stay, do try and keep peace with us. Graham.Gar ston is'goino to stasyalso for the'neit few days." . "' Who on earth "asked, him l ' said Edward angrily. "He offered to stay," Isaid. ' BHe is our nearest male relation-". ""Putting out of, the question your dearly beloved brother, Edward," sneered Edward. '. "He is oldei than yeou, Edward."' ' "Precisely. 'He is going'ty'remain, I suppose, to see whether you are heires of iadley or not--t.look after your inte' rests and his own, eh ' I"" " Iwillnotanswaeryoel. Butone thing I do entreat of you, which is, to retnem-. her that he is our guest, and that this is ' the day of our dear father's funeril.' : "Don't be afraid of me, Why should I quarrel with' eari beloved cousin 1 'He' has done me no hiarm. Yati and Rosie',I consider, tried toinjore me.' :But let'thit pass. Get' a ioom ready for ine;'atall evints, Peggy-you rneed' iotmind abaut the ghost chamber ofi 'y, departed cha' racter--but some sort of room I will have, for here I mean to remain.' ' .. , . So he settled it.' L was forced to see about his room, and ,give orders for Graham Garston's to be prepared also.:' I w-as f,,rced,' also, to appear at dinner on this sad day, for I was afraid toleavne Edward to dine with our cousin alone. I begged Rosie to conie down but she would not.'. She was too angry withll Edward, inideed, to meet hins peaceably, sand,was in t terrible state about the miss ing wilL. ''!Edward has stolen it!" shelo cried, when.I told her it could not be found. ."You'will see, Margaret, lae has got into the house somehow, and stolen the will " t"But how could he, aty dear1 I aoswered. "-Hester gave me papa's keys at once, and the iron safe hIad evidently 'never been tampered with: and, besides, deadr papa wrote to Mr Chapman about making a new will. No, if mamma knows nothing of it, I slhall believe that papa destroyed it, and thet--theut-was sud denly struck down-before--" '"Don't cry, Margaret." said Rosie, affectionately. "It's awfully sadl-and seems hard, and all that sart of thing, talk ing of money on the very day dear papa has been buried. But think what our position will be if this seltish unamiable brother of ours comes here to be master I I, for one, won't stay in the lhouse!" 'W0We will settle all this afterwards, Rosaie. For thle present, dear, do not quarrel with Edward." S"I can't help it," said Roatie, frankly. " He's such a horrid sneer always on his face, and he says sach aggravating things. What is Graham Garston like 1" " A tall, dark man, with a heavy mou stache, and a kind face," I answered. " I wish you would come down, Rosie, and talk to himn." " rNot to-day," said Rosie, and she went to the glass anl looked at herself. " I'm looking too frightful toaday to let atny stranger see me for the first time. No, I will see him to-morrow." She would not go down, and so Graham Garatonand Edward and myself dined to gather. Luckily,I could talk about my aunt -Graham's mother-and about Glenvar lock, where they lived, for I had been there a year ago, and these were safe subjects. Graham, also was a man whom it would have been difficult to quarrel with, if he wished to keep peace. He was a man of the world, a major in a cavalry regiment, which was then out in India, and he laughed a little scornfully when I hinted to him, when we were a moment together alone before dinner, that I hoped lihe would not quarrel with Edward. " My dear lrgaret," hIe said, " do iot be afraid. Do you think a young fellow like that could aggravate me to say a word I did not intend to say 1" I found, indeed, that Edward could not make Graham angry. But Graham's calm, smiling superiority made Edward very angry. "You army men think you can ride over everyone else, don't you I" sneered Edward, after he had had a glass or two of wine, which always made him very ill-tempered. " We cavalry rmen ought to be able toi ride over our enemies at least," nnswered: Graham, with a good-natured little laugh. "You aren't always, though!" said Edward. " No, we aren't," said Graham, but we can but try, you know, Edward;" and so Edward found it impossible to quarrel with him. It was the same on all other subjects: Edward began about the missing will. "Of course, you think it's beeri stolen 1" he said. " Indeed, I do not," replied Graham. "Perhaps you will defend its injuo tice 1" sneered Edward. " I know nothing of its justice or in justice," said Graham, calmly. "Mar?' garet, did you see the Seatons when you were at Glenvarlock I They say Katherine mst n ; to marry George Gordon. She is a beautiful girl, but it it a gceiat unar riage for her-he is the eldest son, you know." . \- In this way, Graham turned th.e con versation. all dinner ",time/, "whenever Edward tried to beo disagreeable.- When, hea was agreeable- and he could ,be-. Graham answered him; "and conversed with him very'pleasantly; buit he' would be drawn into no argument. '' " I have seen bad-tempered, quarrel some, young men before, you see; Mar garet," he said, smilitigly, when we wenri up" to the drawing.room together, and Edward retired to smoke. "I never waste time upon them, but:agree with them on every possible .asubject. It's worth while arguing with a clever man or a woman,'perhaps, or' there's some plea. sure to be got out of it then.: But wwhat possible amusement, pleasure, or' edifica tion could arise frobi an argument with'a person you despise l Youndo not care to conrvince 'him, and he will nevercousince you. Y PdooEdwrd !" I said. '"It is very sad." ' Yes, it 'issaad,' answered Graham Garaston,. for hefhras thrown; away; his good gifts., A man who is born i fool; is only. to be pitied ; a man who is not born a fool,'but who 'acts like one, we nmust condemn.;;. iI was oxaniiiing mo ediisin's face as he said this.' He was not handsomee. 'His, features were .too 'strong'-too harsh?, al` most, for beauty, and he was very' dark. Yet, he was striking-looking. He was so tall, and his heavry moustache hid some of the defects of his face. Yes, altogether, I thought him good-looking even then,and he lhad a clear, ruging, sympathising You felt,' somehow; that he' followed your mind 'and your thoughts, as if: in stinctively, and understood iwhatyou felt, as well as what you said. " And' Rosie," he asked, presently, your younger sister, what is site like T' , " You will see to-morrow,".I answered. j She is consideqred very, handsome.'; i -" Sa my' mrithir told me. It seems so strange never to have seen you since you were little girls. But .I've been nine years abroad:" ' ' " And you like the life r' I asked. "Every life has its advantages and dis advantages." said Graham, smiling. "Fifteen years ago I was aan ernthusiastic young soldier. Now, I anm not entlhusias. tic about anything, ,but ofi th;e whole, I like it fairly welL" S"And, you do not, think of leaving the army" : "'No-.if I, lived altogether at Glen. varlock, my mother would not really like it, though she likes to have tme there oc: casionally.' She is ruler,' now fyou see" (and again Graham smiled). "If I lived theie I niight want niyown'way, too." " And Athole," I asked, iob is hol' " Oh ! Athole is the beauty ianii the ladykiller, ..of., the, family !' laughed Grahbm.., Ha is;=really a handsomti fellow, thouigh,', he added, " and a good fellow as welL'? . "And he is in the army,' too '! '."Yes he's hi gunner.t He passed s splendid examisation, and might have gone into the Engineers, but he choose the Artillery. dBut hea'a dangerousdyoung 'imanu Take care of your heart, Margaret, if youi go to Glenvarlock, for I assure you 'Athole has 'wonderfullyl winning ways." I smiled, and shook my head. ?, . f'I have not given you all the messages .yetthat my mother made me the bhearbr of,",tcontinued. Graham. c"Bdt I must confess I have forgotten the half of then !I However, one was to invite you and ry stint to Glenearlock. I [ Was to say-but you know, of course, what I was to say, -but you 'siie to fi your own time-- asd niy moth'ei hoped I would be at onkho ishen yrtu came. .S, yos see argaret, I have ' "It will, depeind upon many things now,'! Iansweredi ",.What if dear papa's aill is.never found I Then we shall be homeless, for Risie says she will never live with Edward, and I do not think that I would care to do sn:'.< .:- ! ." You could not," said Grm ,"hnls ; r1 gartiet-your brother- thlis young ranr, r? no fit icompanioih for you ! 'He has been living 'adegradedi life-the tsint clings 'to everyword lie ays. I hIave seen too mnuclh ofthe 'world not'to ktniw this, andrif he comes here as the owner of thIe Hall, you. and your mother and sister must leave it. i (To be Continual.) ;: 