COMMERCIAL. There ii a frequently expressed opinion otaongst the uninitiated public that the wide nnrpu in values as quoted between buyer and ' ,tller in the daily published stoch aud share i lists or tne uac. ..wvf. i-ibii'i'i'i'i ici u.i .... ; ii-ccssary block o operations. In : these dull times, it is ciainad, specially is it necessary, it it be desired to do business, that buver aud seller should be brought as close together as possible. Occasionally so great 13 the difference between the published ideas 0; these two partie.# to a possible tians- action that an outsider id at a loss ; x.j obtain' the fainto-#: clue as to the bctcal market value as =uppofted to be dcter- icir.t-d by thee; quotations. VVlriiu. of course, : ihri toature is specially noticeable in those I. jtockd that run into bigger money, at the tame i lime the little ones u:c afflicted with even a ? priU'Ortionaiely wi.ier degiC- of divergence. ' Taking fiom the official !i>: any random quota- ( don#— and vre litni, fnr example, the Bank of h New South WrJcs shares quoted a? — buyers 1 £VJ 103., sellers £tJl, a r'.iiTerei.c- of 80s.; the Biok of New- Zeaian I. buyers £!', sclieis £!fi lus., a proportionate oiffercnce of 10s. ; Wall- | scud Coal rhotv buy-.-rs £TJ and sellers | xN) Id#., with a difference of £1 IOs. ; while : tn Wa.-atah buyers only offer £11 against ! a seller's £1- a«-ked. Take smaller stocks. i Biiveru of West WailserM offer with .-eUera ?: coROff at 4s. Od., and wuh possible buyers of tuares at 1-#. in another riric confronted by ! sobers at Is. 6d. The>e wide margins, while r-.tJeringii well-sigh impossible for a distant i bl. iri-hoi'ier to assess accurately the market ; v due of hi# shares, also tend t limit Fpo4. business, in so iar that the very ext-.n: ofdiffer- v tuce between buyer and seller seems nnbridgu- u'A-2 to the would- be inv«itor'.; mind, who ia not aware that to arrive at the present going value i-. : -ajs: strike a happy im-aa between these two i- h'.q.areariy irrcconciJeabb.' qnant;;ie#. In a re- ce:.t artic.e on the London .Stock Kxchange as a mining market, the Static attributes the grow- 1 i:.g business done by the " out-ide broker.#' to I iLi# same fashion. "The Stock Exchange code," it rays, "contains many antiquat'-d ia-i obstructive rules ; but the very worst of them are directed against tbc mining market. Dealers are virtually forbidden to make a closer price than fractious of a pound ; but v. here, as often happens, the current price of the share is t tmiy a few shillings, that means an exorbitant 'turn.'. On provincial exchanges, where no i-ucii absurd restriction prevails, the bnying and iv-Iiicg prices arc generally within a few pence o: each oiher. That give# a fair chance to the public, and encourages doming for small profits. The London maxim, however, is few dealings and big profits. An eighth turn is coolly asked ua shares worth a pound or Ic-.-s ; a sixteenth is dsoaieJ a very fine cutting ; and a thirty-second vast 'amount of business to MaiH-bc#:cr, Liver pool and Glasgow, which would naturally tlow to Capebcourt if it met with any encourage ment. Offering no facilities ror it, Capcl-court wi:l not even take the trouble to register it. Its miaiag quotations on the official H.-t are mi amusing example of Hip Van Winkle iu the city; they foim a most admirable selection of the mines never dealt in. aud a very cun- scientioua exclusion of those which are." And later down, at the close of the article quoted from we read ' "The Stock Exchange ideal of a mining share savors somewhat of Lord Beaconsfield's notion of a superannuated Ministry— so many extinct volcanoes sitting in a row. It is no doubt well intcnued and for the J pnbiic benefit, if the public would only see it. Ycrortunatcly that section of the public which is given o speculating in mines v.ii not wait lor them till they become antiquated. They v.iil have them hot off the gri,!, anJ if thn Etock Exchange will not supply the requirc-l article there nil, bo so much the more business lcr the out-ide brokers to tio. The vestibule in Old Broad-street is becoming a more im portant institution than the committee have anv suspicion of. Ostensibly outside brokers congregate there in order to have their business tiac-aeted within the house, but much of it cever crosses the threshold. They do ail they rta among themselves, ami it amounts to a good c=:,i. The Peris outside the gates of Paradise are not much worse oil' than if they wore in side. Many of them make incomes which insiders might envy, and they have chiefly the Stock Exchange Committee to thank for thein. Bn: for the old-world prejudice against , mark ing prices in less than eighths and sixteenths of a pound, aDd the mummy quotations to which the committee so religiously adhere, there would ts little mining business doing in the vestibule." '.Vvtcnball's list is held up to special ridicule, at containing quotations of but nine English mints, wherein tho leading mining journals, tome oO odd, are quoted each week. Pursuing this subject in the matter of colonial ami foreign mines, the Sta!ist has the following :— " ihe 'Colonial ant Foreign -Mines' are more notable a, an index exjjurgaturius than as a busi- ce.j catalogue. It cuutains -Id shares ol one tort or another— most of them bald-heaued veteraas, like the Cormshmeu whom they fu..o.v on the list. Tne principle o: selection here seeins to have been to admit nothing tinuer lao years old. The entire Queensland group is labooed, no: even the Dav Dawn or the Ethendge being deemed good enough for official record, though thev p,.y their uividends as reruiarly as joint-stock banks do. Ot the Indian group,, only the .Mysore, the Ooregum anil tho beva.a lloyar are recognised. The South acfrtcaa goltinelds are entirely unrepresented, »ctl among Americans a wonderful discrimina tion is exercised. Such line old crusted names »i Almada, ELerhardt and Monitor, i'.uby and — u„u oil-its xmties are preserved as tenderly- as if they had heea laid up iu lavender ; ha; we look in vain for the American arid Mexican mines of to-day— tho Vioias, Emmas, h.tua Barbaras, Palmarejos, and West Argen tine,, out of which many brokers are making r money. So far as mines are con- ttrned, Wetenhail is simply a clttm-y joke. .V-ttber as a list of prices nor as a record transactions is it of the slightest !« 01 >» #3 colonial and foreign mines one tars list taken at haphazard shows onlv 10 crejiteJ with a single transaction, only'tive with-two or more transactions, and onlv two wita - more than thiee transactions, l'i this jaastng list were to he believed, there had hwa on ti;e date of the Hn ljt.fot(, ouiv saic-s in the colonial and foreign market. It tai been a very dull day indeed if there were to. more than double that number of rales every hoar ; but the official list is to be excused tor not mentioning them, as most of them had liven p ace outside of its jurisdiction. The shares tied buyers obstinately prefer are those it ignores and possibly has not yet heard of. ?' fmil=s on aid assumes to ho 1 the favorites of speculation are the ghosts « long.forgotien mining booms. Why they are not mercifully buried and forgotten we A "aagtnc. They may bo kept up as SLlni!Dtl of tlle aniiquaiian tas-.e of the mac bichango committee, or they may Do preserved for their liarmleseness. The "com- : may intend to say to mining speculators, Uk -f P|aj Wllh Ikcsc dangerous weapons uae a lew which are worn out aud will uot hurt joamach if they should go off." It oy ti contraction of the present wide uiar- pas in vogne on the Sydney Stock Exchange . increased business would, so it is urged, result, 'he public and brokers alike would he bene- I.cd by the larger turnover, with a cor- tfipondingly larger amount of prominence ,t0 ic® 6tCk3 thu3 morl! eenera")- aied. The mere bringing buyers and sellers , into closer relationship would necessarily in- vo vo more frequent operations. Already we Mnw that the agitation on foot to secure id. , »7aws« Id, bids iu the London wool sales meets with hitter opposition at the hands of the old- 'Hahlished brokers, but, if only in self defence ; »S»inst its rival, cotton, where dealings are ; carried aown to l.!12d„ the change is bound to ' wae. And so perhaps it will, sooner or later, ; 'OU force of circumstances, with tho quotal loos m the Sydney Stock Exchange. Ih the matter of local trade, Saturday's llee—-113 usnal 'fU'ot. The news of the fioo ., ,? China should lend increased firmness « itaporters and holders of teas. Our Cook- wid, Cu""Pudent "ires, in connection , ' the Hankow market, that the Shin L ''y Fr0m lhc opening of the tea "On to June 20, 1100 chops of black i rvmZiTT M Uankow- V.'Uhalt.chens.out Of whicl, Mbiioo balf- iiibled'Tm EW,' B5ilieS 12'0(, half-chcsia di'PP-d at Shanghai for sale, there still remains che, , w I"-0u chests unsold of Ching- i .j.,! r Heemun teas. Three hundred and I ; ; t thT:d "lne bumire<1 cicst3 I II-, ide9 iTut 'i b 3iiS'00& cl"'sli: were cold, I ' Die there st n 'l"11'1 Sh?h:'i <»< ' unso'd Tr""15 at UnDkCnV al,,!t ' DskmrnJ , C are C00 "'icsts . Unang and oOOO chests .\ingchow !i llw DUn 0,1 t,ie more I '.id la.#L year. Enfrli«h mcrehmi« 5 oisc. u raercLaius cxpurted , tea this jenr> Whiio Russian atS "xportetl 897,600 chests ; but the former purchased about 8G00 chests less than the previous year, while the latter pur chased -16,000 chests mote than last year. Thirteen tea steamers have left Hankow, nine being English und four Eussiati ; aud there still remain two steamers not loaded, which belong to Messrs. Ad burr. on, Bell and Co. The market is a little better at present, as the Itussian merchants are haying on a large scale. Prices have gone up one or two taels per picul On Lava and" Taoyn teas thc-y have gone up three or four taels per picul, but there is not much of these in the market." >'o alter ation to note locally in sugars. Our Mauritius advices in Saturday's issue speak of continued favorable prospects with a certainty oi the incoming crop exceeding last year's. An active demand was being experienced for Bombay, from August 1, 1880, to July, 1887, 21.8:16 tons ot 1009 kilos each had been exported to Aus tralia and New Zealand. Mr. E. 0. Licht gives tue following estimate of the P.uropeaa raw- sugar production for 188G 87 as compared with the two preceding campaigns ; — tssr-s-i. 1SS6-S7. 13S5-S0. Germany .. ., so.wwjtoo :i<!ii6u,'ue0 live!, mo Austria .. .. Duue.OuO iu.6UO.Ouo 7, 340.1.3s trance .. .. U.W..UVUU lu.voo.uou 6.06S.U . Bursia .. .. e.suu.ooo S.Sou.ooO 10,757.1:0 Belgium .. .. ",200,000 1,200,000 988,420 liul hucI uud other Countries .. 1,000,000 l,000,00u 753.000 Together 63.0u0.000 82 160,0tlu 42,747.012 In tons, 2,000,000 9.e37.5uo| 2,137,33 Magdeburg advices to July 1 report as follows: —"The favorable tendeucy of last week's market still coutinnes, the demand is brisk, and prices are going up. Quotations for 9C qualities rose from dupf. to 5Upf., and for 88 qualities from oupf. to GOpf. per centner. Purchases on j the part of the home refineries were quite as numerous as those made by the exporters. In the speculation market the tone became a little quieter, anil the export buyers, do not show any particular anxiety for factory goods. Tne same must bo said of the home refiners, many of whom bad already covered their.dematid by the large purchases of last week. It is further re ported that the stocks at the factories have been considerably reduced by the lace important sales. The sales during this week amounted to about ISd.uOd centners of reuned sugar. A large demand was pre.- em ia>t week for loaf and ground sugar, and it is anticipated that the prices will rise little by little in the course of the next few mouth# from 25pf. to 7upf. Tiie directors of the .St. -Leonards Laud. Building and I»v.'7?tmeut Company, which has been estaiffu-bed I'd months and paid two divi ilf>iulw a' iii,3 l'hic iii lv'a ner milt., hiivo fWirioil to increase the capita, ui the company by a third issue ot .-June.#; Is. per share pa> able on application and aiiol merit, ami the i«.riance in ntoDih.y ca.is extending over 18 tuouth«. The Ne v rruutli Wales Trade L\ elective Institute reporft that the number of failure# in Xe-.v rjouth Waie# r- ported lu them iur the month ending July 111 wergild witn liabilities amoiiuriu 2 ;o £,., ,.!i IG. as again#'. I2d f.diurus. with ii.ibiillu.: ot £lriri,')0>. 'or the toi respond ing periud o: kt-A y-.-ur. Contrary to expecta tion. iLu laiiures ior July show a '!«:Ciea-u or. the rieur-j » for tu-_- p.-uv on# month, and com- pap.fi with the e.tr.icr moath# of theyar :ii- re#uh i# a highly sari-faciory one. 'Ihe pri r.ci- pai i.iilures lor the mouth v.eie those ol J. J. Curian, wnoieraie crocei. ami M»rjnciiaii and Co., tea meiciiants. The fanuici comprise luff insolvencies, Iff a.-sigmneuis and one compo sition ; off were in ffy.mey ami suburb# and Gff tu the country liisiricts; -Is we re private per- distributed amongst tiie iVriowing trade — viz. : — Agents b.ihers ff. iilackftinith 1. brolier 1, brick i. 0. butchers II 1. draper 1. e- =av) l! grucers trciarii ). ji".vji.';i 1. iune mer chant 1, timber merchnhl i.tea merchant), miller 1, piumi-'-r 1, paMi-.MU- -1, soap m.inu- tacturc-r 1. #'.:i:iou<jr.# ff, sior-'he-p'.-rs lu, tailor 1, tanner 1. wauaim txer 1, iij:.-i.-'.-.iau«M»ii# u. The iuliowing was the Custom# re-wmie re- ceived on saiuruay : — .-pir;;#. A''su JR.#. -ia. ; wine, still, £ffff 1 Is- l'i. ; ale, jiortr and Leer (in wotjii), £;; 1.'.%; ale, porter ami beer (in Lottie#), £'» ft#, ''d. : tobaco and ftrui;;', £js 10s. ; cigars, £ Iffd 1-K I'd. : tt:», £4UM lu.s. lid. ; .-ugar (urirefiueii i, £0Ju Is. -hi. : sugar (mohift- Fes), £Ji'» Iff#. 4d.; lice. £fii» 11#. Gd. ; uricti fruits, iff-' IS#.: nut#. £1 Os. fifi. ; sar#apari,ia (under ffO jier cent.), £ff 10#.: sp-":.fic duty, £00ri 1.#. id. ; aoval<ir»:rn, £ffl7 Os. ffd. : harbor and light rate#. Affl i»#. ftii. ; priot..ge (Syuncq. ). £.#7 Is.: harbor cues. AffL' lu#. ; exci.-o oil Leer, £-l-S."> G#. Gj. : excise on to' :.cco. aOuo ; Chinese restriction, £10'-. Turn!, .t'LvOd ris. Yd. 