A TRUE GHOST STORY. The following is a-ghost story-jfjth much more foundation intact than such yarns usually possess: On the road leading from Egremont, Mass., U.S.A, to Mr. Everett, is a house -which was once the house of a sea captain who was murdered by the insubordinate crew of his ship. After that events on stormy nights, his wife and daughter used to be disturbed by sounds of creaking cordage, flapping sails, clanking sounds, which seemed to come from the garret. Above all the rest of the o noisp,,and turmoil, whoever was down stairs could hear angry voices, groans and cries for help. A great many people used to gather in the house on stormy nights to hear the unaccount- s able and alarming racket in the garret, but'no one ever had the courage to open the garret door and try and solve the; mystery on such occasions. At length the widow and her daughter abandoned the house, the windows and the doors of which were then boarded up.; All of this took place fifty years ago, and but few who have seen the ruined house know its singular history. A few days ago a Mrs. Melius, a; grand-daughter of the old captain, living in Lowell, received a letter from a jailor from a South American port' who says that he was on the ship with her'grand-father on ihe night of the murder. He says that the captain wanted him to go to Egremont and tell his wife and daughter that he had been murdered, and that enough money was buried in one corner of the cellar to keep them in comfort all the rest of their lives. The sailor went to Efcrcmonl as lie had promised, but .resolved to have the money foriimself'-Byfen ingenious arrangement of chains- and other available material he originated and .kept up the supposed supernatural tumult which had driven the captain's widow anil her daughter- from their home. He then made a successful search 111 ithe.jcellar . for the money, which ho took- wjth him to Peru Remorse and the probability of immediate*' death indueedinnr to-write this letterof explanation to Mrs. Melius. 