Tn a residents of Avoca are to be called upon shortly to discharge in public meeting assembled the re sponsibilities and duties appertaining to a common citizenship — a citizen ship which, while it secures to us the enjoyment and protection oi individual rights, also demands from us the exercise of the virtues of universal brotherhood. The subject to be dis cussed this evening, ami on which suitable action is sought to be taken, appeals in the first place as regards the Bulli disaster, to our charitable instincts, for the effects of that cala mity are far reaching, and, owing to the utter helplessness of the surviving victims, productive of widespread misery. It Bhuuld be considered a privilege to be presented with the opportunity of assisting our neigh hours on an occasion of such great distress, for the misfortune is of colossal proportions, and calls for very extensive charitable help. It may be argued by those who take but a superficial view of the subject that New South Wales, with her well-to- do population, is quite capable of looking after her own social respon- sibilities, and with her vast resources is rich enough to meet any claims made upon her iu the sacred cause of charity. To some extent there would be truth in such a contention if we were guided by barbarous instincts, and lived under a regime in which the devil was free to take the hindmost in the raoe of lite. But happily we do not exist in such a state of society, The principle of mutual help- is the basis of our existence, ;'.and" the "new oouimandment to love oii.e. another is imperatively binding upon the whole of Christendom. Seas . and rivers may divide the countries of the globe j but tliey do not change the quality of mercy or the attributes of brotherly love in any part of the world. Our common origin implies a mutual and sympathetic relation ship, and one touch of Nature makes, not a part, but " the whola world kin." Besidrs the obligation which humanity owes to itself on the soore of phil nthropic benevolence, thore is another consideration which, on the grounds of State policy, should ac tuate us in extending tho right liapd of- good fellowship to our neighbours across the Border. There is a spirit of unfriendliness towards Victoria, springing from jealousy, rampant ip Sydney, and its baleful influence is not confined to politicians interested ' in fomenting discord between the two | colonies. The cry is thoughtlessly I taken up by a section of the working I classes thai Victoria is greedy ond selfish ; and as a consequence Vic- I loriuns are olten regarded in the light of o.ndeefr&blq; -.' '.harpers," Ttwe1 — —————— is no foundation' for this feeling, hut it is nevertheless . one which, if it be desirable to preserve . international amity, should be discountenanced and scouted on both sides of; the Border. It is diametrically opposed to the spirit of brotherhood allied to Austra lian federation. By our sympathy with New South Wales in her recent misfortune, backed by substantial aid, we shall be setting a noble example, more eloquent and powerful in results than any amount of mere talk, and be shoeing that we are already united by the ties of social federation..- If each man were to give but the smallest trifle the sum total contri buted by the colony would be ample With reference to the other topic to be discussed pnblioly on Wednesday evening next— that of celebrating the jubilee of a good Queen's reign — there ought to be no difficulty in find ing adequate forces to suitably com memorate the happy event. From the moment that Her Majestv as the girl-Queen ascended the royal throne in 1837. and in reference to which event M'Carthy. in his " History of our own Times, "tells us.IJer Majesty, new to the imposing and ' bewildering' oironxnaiaaooa pf—khe ditraatjoD, dia- played wonderful wiBdom and tact, far beyond her years, she has sought to exercise a benign and homely in fluence upon her people, and promote the well-being and glory of the United Kingdom- And to-day in all the arts of peace that make a nation happy, conspicuous, and glorious, wo find the United Kingdom of Great Britain at the top of the tree, with offshoots stretching from pole to pole, and wielding with her numerous pos sessions, an irresistible and all-power ful influence in the interests of civilisa tion. The policy,, of England has been pre-eminently peaoeful. The English tongue is spoken in every quarter of the civilised gloho. Accord ing to the latest and most authentic information, the British Kmpire is iu area somewhat less than European and Asiatic Russia combined, but nearly four times as large as Russia in Europe, nearly twice as large as the Chinese Empire, and much more than twice as large as the United States or Brazil, whilst the popula tion is nearly: equal to two-thirds of the Chinese Empire, is nearly two and a half times as large as the Russian Empire, is over four times as large as that of France and its pos sessions, and is five times as large as that of the United States or Germany. What astounding progress has been made by diminutive Plngland during the last four or five centuries may be gathered from the fact that the area of the British dominions is about sixty times, and the population nearly seven times as' large as the area and popnlation'respectiyely of the United Kingdom iihtAF. -'"So that in .ianm. meinoratirig the Jubilee of 'good Queen Victoria, we are celebrating the advent'to power of the monnrch of a mighty people with unlimited resources, and it is as the embodiment of the dignity, the majesty, and the advanced civilisation of a great Christian people that we have to re gard our beloved, widowed Sovereign — as a ruler under whose benign sway we are indebted more than to any other monarch for " peace on earth and good will towards men." Wb observe that one medical man out of many others, namely, Dr Chas. Louis M'Carthy, Health Offioer of the Borough of Footscray, makes the grave assertion that the origin of a large amount of typhoid fever is due to the imperfect system of the burial of nightsoil by householders in their own gardens. It iB very evident that this subject, owing to the alarming increase in the number of fatal cases, and the clockwork regularity with which it sweeps off its - numerous vic tims every year, must be investigated by the Legislature, otherwise, as population increases, the death-rate will become abnormally la»ire. It would he well were the Central Board of Health to take stepBin the matter, and endeavour by the issue of instruc tive information, educate the masses up to the necessity of adopting every precaution against -the malady by showing them how the evil is propa gated,, and how it may best be avoided. In this healthy colonv, where the population is pretty widely scattered in comparison to lie dpnse numbers packed in crowded cities;. -we ought to enjoy a larger measure of - immunity from this fearful scourge than we do. It is heartrending to see our little ones, who are more susceptible to the insi dious attacks of the 'scourge than grown-up persons, smitten right and left, and taken away almost without warning from the family circle. The ignorance which prevails on this sub ject is very profound; Even other wise well-informed persons have very baey notions ooncerning it. They tell you with provoking indefmiteness that " it is iu the air," as if the free winds of heaven, instead of finding out and disinterring the plague spots and wafiing the poisonous germs from one centre to another among the people, were the first and essential — and in' deed— the only cause! The predis posing and accessory .elementB of the disease are numerous, and one by one they are traced, after much human suffering and slaughter, to a want or rigorous cleanliness, to - bad drainage, the sloyeifly burial of nightsoil; im pure WHter, upripe fruit, "and so forth. A man- recently, died front eating ud- ripe;pluma; and another from grapes taken into ' "% ' hOeJmtiL: /-YoU recently stated that he would hold any person who gave improper food to a patient in a charitable institution liable for the death of that person, so that as well as in the matter' of strict personal cleanliness, typhoid fever is a disease which, once germinated, necessitates special oars in the matter of food. We close our remarks with the following extract which will repay perusal : — " At the meetinr of the Academy of Medicine held in Paris on the 8th March, as reported in toe Paris papers, M. Peoholier communi cated to that body a new system of treating typhoid fever, which he has employed successfully in 6-3 cases without a single failure. It consists ia the administration of quinine and the use of tepid baths. Dr. Pecholier claims for this remedy that it is not only ourative but abortive. To make use of his qwn words, " it strangles the fever." At the same meeting a paper was read by M. Dujardin-Bean- metz, who is the medical adviser of a normal school for young girls, in which he protests against the evils of the cramming system, telling so dis astrously as it do is npon the health of growing persons. He denonnoes.it as 4 a mardqrouflsystem"and osKflvrhatis to become of all the young giris- who are being instructed . in everything I.Ut what is likely to prove useful to them and are encouraged to look to teaching, and not to industrial occupa tion, as means of livelihood. At the present time there are 4,171 young ladies in Paris who are qualified to fill situations of this kind and seek ing to obtain them, and the number is being steadily augm-nted. The annual demand for such persons does not exceed 100. What is before the surplus, asks M. Dujardin-Beaumetz, but a life of misery or degradation ?" It will no doubt occasion much painful surprise, especially to those living at a dis tance from Avoca, to learn of the sad pre mature death of young Mr Samuel Bostock, son of Mr Peter Bostock, butcher, of this town, and who, having grown up in our midst, had become well and favourably known throughout the district. The de ceased had just attained his manhood, and being of somewhat athletic proportions, conveyed an idea, from the nature of his thickset build, of robust health and strength. His physical power, however, was more ap parent than real, for it was impaired by incipient disease of the heart, and he was consequently unable to undertake the regular laborious employment for which Nature had otherwise designed him. He had been un well on several occasions, but it was not until a fortnight ago that he became seriously ill, and was compelled to take to his bed. Still, even up to Monday last, sanguine hopes were entertained of his ultimato recovery, though we are informed that as the effects of typhoid fever made themselves severely felt, diarrhoea supervening, Dr McMahon was fearful for the safety of his patient, and apprehensive of a fatal termination. A consultation with Dr Robinson, of Amherst, was held on Monday, the latter medical gentleman being of the opinion, it is stated, that there was no immediate dan- ger. Before, however, the next 24 hours had passed away, poor Samuel Bostock had yielded to the attack. He died on Tuesday night about half-past 9 o'clock. The funeral took place at 4 o'clock on Wednes day afternoon, but owing to the short notice which was unavoidable undor the ciroum- sances, friends from a distance were unable to attend it. The members of the local Fire Brigade together with many friends, followed the remains of the deceased to the Avoca Cemetery, where the burial rites were impressively performed by the Rev. Mr Secombe, Wesleyan Minister. There will be un' important assembly of the penplo in the Avoca Shire Hall to-night, when a public meeting, will be hold in that edifice for the purpose of expressing sympathy with, and giving help to tho unfortunato surviving victims of the coal mine disaBtor at Bulli in New South Wales. On Wednesday evening next thore will oc another public meeting to devise means for the celebration of the Queen's Jubtleo. Both subjects, which are pf more ' than ordinary interest, call for a willing discharge of tho duty of a common citizenship, and wo have no doubt that the inhabitants of Avoea will not ho behind other municipali ties in their response to tho appeals made alike, to their loyalty and their charity. Qri Tuesday- afternoon at St. Andrew's Church, Clifton Hill, Mrs I. Warren Ball, was married to Mr Harry Wyndham Slopcr, nephew of tho Mayor of Adelaide. The brido was given away by M r Stone and was attended hy six bridesmaids, who were -all prettily dressed in cream nun's veiling anil satin. The bride wore a- becoming gown of pruno velvet and inerveuleux ; hor train was borne by two littlo children. Tho ser vice, wliioh was conducted by the Rev. Mr Thomas, was fully choral, and was witnessed by a moderately large assemblage. The brido and bridegroom are spending their honeymoon at Lilydalc. ' Several petitions have b'eon presented to tho Postmaster-General from the inhabitants of this district, concerning the proposed alteration in, the mail Hervice. Messrs Uroo and Murphy, M's.L, A., represented the. peo ple along the roiite botwoon Ballarat and JLexton, and Mr Langdon' those of the Avoca Shire. W o Hear that there is good reason to hope that the result will be satisfactory-. . Yesterday tho 'celebration of the 31st anniversary of tho Eight limits' system was otiBorvod in Melbourne with something more than the us ml thoroughness. Tho day had been proclaimed a general holiday, but there were not many of the retail places of busi ness closed ; hut, nevertheless, there was very little business done. A few slight showors fell in the forenoon, but thoy were as Mr Ellcry predicted, not of sufficient consequenco to interefore with the day's proceedings. Novcr, perhaps, havo the leading streets o f Melbourne -been so thronged as on this occasion, and nover not withstanding tho extreme pressure of sight- s.-ors has the traffic been so well conduoted. Considering the fact that there are now two important tramway lines running through the city, and that there are many other tram way linos running through the city, and that there are many other tramway and othor street works in progress, this was a very not icoahlo. fact, which is to bo attributed to tho very cxooUcnt police arrangements di- vised by Inspector l'ewtress, and carried nut under the supervision of that officer, and his sub-officers, Inspector ElliH and Sib-Inspec tors Deasy and Swalo. The suburbs were almost deserted, but the city was overflowing with life. The procession was the longest and miHt. imposing the trades have ever organised; and well repaid those who came in to witness it, and succeeded .in .securing a. favourable position. In the afternoon sports were held, on flip. Friandty 'Socieflss; Grounds with great success. The Joran Family of musical artists favoured Avoca -.with .an example of their extraordinary abilities as pianists, violinists, and vocalists in the: Avop'a .' Shire Hall" on Tuesday night, and met Witli a cordial re ception. Tho house, without being crowded was well filled in every part, and it was very evident that the superior character of the instrumentation, without even tho aid of a knowledge on the part of the listeners of, in some cases, either tho words, of the songs, the tunes, or the operatio music so skilfully' rendered, was — in such mastoily hands — sufficient to eompel admiration and to evoke the irrepressible and enthusiastic appreciation of the audience. The performers laboured under the disadvantage of having to mani pulate a piano miserably out of tune, and fully half a note below oonoert pitch — a do- feot which told against flip excellence of ths violin music. Tho -programme, of 12 piecos, mostly operatio, was a brilliant one, tho principal songs of Miss Aldini, Wait ing," " Una Voce" from " II Barbierl, " Avo Maria" (Gounod), " Robin Adair" and " Coming through tho Rye," wore vocifor- ously encored, and the compliment politely acknowledged. Miss Pauline Joran played' somo excellent violin music, accompanied on ' tho pianoforte by .Miss Elsie Joran, in cluding variations on "Yankei Doodle," " William Tell" (violin duet), " Blue Bells of Sotland" " Auld Robin Gray," and " Turkish Gipsy," " March," and u The Mill," performed by, Lul. and Pauline, (with variations), that elicitedj enthusiastic .manifestations of raptu#oua delight; "vi-- sbng, 'VI dreamt that I Dwelt in Marble r-_ treijw cibfT oi uie .v. Bohe mian Girl," by Miss Aldini, was. an exquisite piece of vocalism. By somo oversight there were no programmes, as these had hoen ao- oidcntally left behind. Tho entertainment concluded with the national ; anthem on the violin and piano about half-past 9 o'clock, the audieueo evidently being highly pleaHod with tho inimical treat so ably furnished. Typhoid fever is raging in different parts of tho colony with a sovcrity causing con siderable alarm. Numerous admissions are made daily to the metropolitan hospitals and fatal results frequently oocur. On. Wednos day 17 additional cases wore reported to the Central Board " of Health. Bad watfir, im pure air, caused by defective drainage and unripe fruit are among the potent contribu tory causeB. Milk is often a vehiole of con tagion, as itvory roadily absorbs the unseen poisonous germB, and hastens the work of destruction. A curious lawsuit has- just been con cluded in La Creux, a small town in Saxony. A man who was pestered with rats caught one of their number, and tied a rfmall boll to its neck, and then let it go, with the idea of scaring the other rats away. Tho ruse suc ceeded admirably, but tho next night a family residing in another portion of the town were almost frightened out of their wits by hearing a boll tinkling all over the house. They came to tho conclusion that the bell must be carried up and down the walls, and over the roof, by a ghost, and were about to quit the house, when a BerTant come and told them the cause. Tho man was summoned for creating a nuisance, but, as the rat had been caught and killed, was only lightly fined. According to tho " Daily Telegraph," Bishop Goe is not a brilliant orator, out he speaks clearly and distinctly, and every word ho utters carries weight. Thirty-one typhoid fever cases were re ported to tho Melbourne Central Board of Health on Monday, embracing town and country. The Minister of Mines has not yet dealt with tho recommendations of the Diamond Drill Enquiry Board regarding tho manage- ment.of the drills. The Board otrongly re- commended that samples of. all bore - cores — , — , f/i- .fnturo reforonco, and that a skilled mineralogist should report upon them to ensure the different strata passed through being read aright-. Mr Gillies states that the Government Geologist has now made arrangements to have eampies of cores sent to him for examination when then is any change. This will not in any degree ensure greater accuracy in reading the cores taken from the bore than did the former systom, nor can it bo regarded as carrying out the recommendations of tho Enquiry Board. Noither does it mean profiting by the suggestions made by tho contributor who wrote the articles, " Mining in Victoria," and who Bhowed clearly that a mechanic placod in charge of a drill, huwevor capable he might be in hie own proper sphere, can not reasonably be expected to offer a re liable opinion on mincralogical points which Rometimes occasion doubts and differences even amongst well trained experts themselves Tho foreman of the drill, not being an ex pert, will not be compatent to say when there is a change in the rock bronght up by the drill, nnd. thus the records of 'tho bores will continuo to be as vague and nusatisfao- tory as they have been hitherto. Tho Minister seems unwilling to authorise the expenditure that would bo incurred in having samples of all bore cores prepared ace rdingto scale, and preserved for future reference. He stntos that " a lob of cores have from time to time been obtained by the Department." But, as a matter of fact, the Department ia not in possession of half a dozen complete cores of the many hundred bores pnt down by the Government drills since 1879, and no stepB whatover havo beets taken by the Depart ment to proBOrvo core bores. The Minister appears to bo confusing the actual Cores with tne clerical record a, It is the latter — use less and misleading as they are — which the Mining Department is zealously preserving. — " Age." Several deputations have protested to the Minister of Mines egainst the com panies recommended by the Prnspeoting Board being omitted from the list of grants. Mr Gillies said he could make no fresh allot ments until next year. . Tenders are invited in another colnmn fer the forming on the NatleTallook road. 