GORDON BALTERSTONE ; or THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTION. BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE. CHAPTER X. Carefully he scanned each crevice where there was a possibility of an opening. The side from whence the other Bill had entered occupied his attention, but not a chink could he find. The stones fitted so closely together that unless he had seen them open he would have been ready to take his oath that no possible opening was there. Having examined the walls as high as he could reach, he next bent his examination to the floor. This consisted of huge blocks of stone squared and fitted together in such a way as to preclude the possibility of there being any room for a place of exit or entrance. And it was not a mere perfunctory examination that Bill made. It was continued for successive days. Bill employed all the time between the visits of his gaoler in his search. At last Bill sat himself down, thoroughly beaten at all points. " Vell," he said, " this is a go. Vot's the use ov my a being able to unlock this 'ere chain ven it on'y gives me the run ov this 'ere vault. Blest if it only vants the presence ov a corpse and a hearse and a coffin to make it a lively place and as good as a buryin' ground. Guess I'd sooner be in the Nunhead buryin' ground vith the body snatchers all round vaiting vith pitch plasters." And then Bill folded his arms and leaned his head on his breast looking the very picture of ludicrous woe. It is a question which was the most powerful feeling within him, the fact that he was really hard and fast, or that he was beaten. We are inclined to the latter opinion from what he immediately said. " Vell, I s'pose I must throw in the sponge, though I feels like the little boy who couldn't get up the chimley 'cos it vos too small, or likes that 'ere boa constructor not died ov green cos he couldn't swiller the bullock. Vell never mind. Vot's the odds so long as you're 'appy. That's true. But I ain't 'appy. Cos vy ? Cos I's reglar floored - cos that ere Bill 'as me fast and 'as the best of it. Never mind, it'll turn up trumps next and I'll be even with him yet." And so Bill went on for some time. Now blaming himself, and then excusing himself. Jumping up, too, every now and then to make a closer inspection of some portion that he thought he had not examined closely enough before. After an hour passed, tired out Bill went back on his couch and fell fast asleep. When he awoke his mind seemed to acquire fresh vigor. He jumped from his couch and removed his chain. (He always took care to keep the chain locked around his leg, when not wanting his liberty, so that he would not be caught unawares.) Having done this, he placed himself in the middle of the vault, and eyeing his couch critically said :- " Vell, call me a softy ef yer likes, and I deserve the name. Vy the werry spot as I ought to av thought at first I never looked at, at all. There's that 'ere stone bed ov mine, and ef that ain't the door to liberty, call me a hass." And with that he began to remove everything on the bed, continuing :- " Yer asks me vy I thinks so, and I tells yer I don't think at all, I knows it. Don't tell me l is bound to be flummoxed agin. I ain't afeared. Ef this 'ere place ain't a road to summat I'm a liar, that's all." By this time he had his rugs and effects piled in a heap in the middle of the floor. Before him now stood a stone bench about six feet in length and three in width, standing about two feet from the floor. On close examination Bill found that the bench was not made of one solid block, nor of several blocks. At all events the top was one large slab of stone that projected an inch beyond the sides. These sides, however, looked solid enough, and for a moment Bill thought it was simply a slab laid on the top of some blocks. A moments reflection made him think differently. " This 'eres a box ov some sort, and as this hole is such a rummy 'un, it may be a door leading some wheres. At any rate, 'ere goes for a try." But all his strength was of no use, though he heaved and tugged till the perspiration ran down his face. After striving with all his might to raise the slab, he gave up and sat down on the floor." " Vell, Scotch navigation, vich as I 'ave 'eard is French for main strength and stupidness, ain't ov no use 'ere," said he. " Let's see ef we can't get round it by coaxing." With that he began to feel all round the edge of the slab for some concealed fastening. While he was so doing, his hand pressed on what he thought at first was a roughness in the stone. But immediately he did so, the stone began to rise and did not stop till it leaned back against the wall. Bill at once bent over the opening, but started back with a cry of mingled surprise and horror. " Oh, lor ! Oh, lor !" he cried, 'ere's the original of the 'Old Mistletoe Bough.' Blest if 'ere ain't the lady as vos a hiding from her sweetheart, an none of 'em could find her. Vell, vell, ain't I got a start. This 'ere beats the valking nun. But come, missus. I don't vant to disturb you, but yer must come out ov that till I sees vot's beyond. Crikey, I shall be jolly glad to get away from this 'ere crib. Vot vith valking nuns, as ought to be quiet in their graves, an' fosfrus, an' daggers, an' skillingtons, an vaults, it's enough to give a feller the reumatiz for life." With that Bill, gently took a skeleton from the cavity and placed it carefully upon one of the rugs he had previously spread upon the floor. Having done this he proceeded to carefully explore the chest or closet, and from its recesses he pulled out several iron implements almost destroyed by rust, along with decaying portions of a nun's dress and other articles. These he placed in a heap by themselves on the floor. Just as he had finished emptying out all the contents he heard the creaking in the stones, which usually announced the approach of Bill. Leaping into the cavity he pulled over the slab, which dropped down into its place with a bang. The moment Bill found the slab close over him he thought he was done for, and throwing out his arms on every side he found that on the side towards the middle of the vault there was a further cavity. Fearing that Bill wonld miss him, and that an instant search would take place, he crept into this, and found it was the commencement of a flight of steps. At the bottom of this flight was another vault somewhat similar to the one he had left, and immediately below it. Looking up he could see a little ray of light through a chink. Pausing for a moment, he heard a heavy step, soon succeeded by a cry of horror. Bill laughed. " That's the other Bill," he said. " He 'as come with the tucker, an' seein' the bundle on the floor 'as uncovered it, 'an found the skellington. Guess he b'lieves it's me. I'll guv him summut mor'n that. Ef that 'ere light can come through that 'ere crevice my voice 'ill reach 'im, 'an von't he screech then." With that Bill volunteered a couple of such lugubrious groans, the wildness of which would be much increased by such a place. The result was startling. An answering screech of such horror was returned that it made Bill's blood run cold. The cry was followed by the sound of a heavy body falling on tbe floor. " By gum," exclaimed Bill, " that's settled 'im. Blest ef he ain't a cur. Now vot shall I do ? I vonder vether I can get back ? Ef so, lor, I might get his keys, besides the prog, an' I rants it bad. Here goes.' With that Bill remounted the steps, and got into the cavity. A very little search enabled him to find the spring which opened the cover a little. Peeping out he saw the other Bill extended on the floor in a swoon. Seeing the coast was clear he put back the slab entirely, and jumping out, first secured the provisions that had been brought, and then commenced to search the person of his gaoler. Here, to his delight, he found a bunch of keys. " This 'eres lucky," he cried, " guv me the keys an' I'll find me way out. But vot more's he got. All's fair in luv an' war, an' I guess there's more war than love atween us. Vot's 'ere ? Oh, lor ! this is good ; a lot of tobacker, an' a pipe. Vell, they tuk mine from me, an' my knife, an' my money, so Mr. Bill I'll save yer the trouble ov carryin' it back. Vell, 'eres money, I'll take that, ef I gets out I'll vant that too. An' 'eres a nice little flask ov -- ," and he tasted it. " As good a Frinch brandy as I ever tasted. I should say there is a pint of it. That I takes. I may vant it for my mate ven I finds him. 'Eres some string - that'll do, an' vot's this ? - a bundle of letters. Well - I think I'll take 'em. Perhaps deliver 'em. Who's they to ? Mr. R — a — t — h — w — a — y that spells Rathway, F— a— n — s — h— a— w — n— e ; eh, let's see," he cried. " That spells Fanshawne. I vonder who he is ? Whatever - I pockets 'em." They can't be about no good." Having taken all that he thought useful, Bill sprinkled a few drops of water on the man's face, and leapt into the cavity, letting the slab down gently after him until it was nearly closed. Through the chink he watched until he saw his gaoler stretch himself, sit up on the floor, and finally rise to his feet. At that moment, just as the other Bill's eyes alighted on the skeleton Bill uttered a dismal groan. At this sound the gaoler quickly turned around, and uttering a cry of horror bolted through the entrance. As soon as he was gone and the aperture closed, Bill emerged from his concealment, and selecting two of the best rugs, threw them into the cavity and then spread the remainder on the slab. On this he placed the skeleton, partially covering it and padlocking the chain round the leg bone. " There," he cried, " that'll start 'em. They lives in mistery 'ere, so I'll give em a little of their own sort. Them sort o' folks es allus more frightened ov vot they can't understand than the silly uns as they gulls. I guess they'll think there's keener ghosts about than they thought of. Crikey, ef they vonce comes 'ere they vont come again in a hurry." Having disposed of everything to his satisfaction, he crept through the small opening he had left beneath the slab and pulled it down and fastened it. " Now vot's to be done," he cogitated when he had regained the vault below. " So far so good. I'se safe from them but I ain't much further on. Anyway this looks a much more likely place to get out ov than t'other. Well I'll jest take a valk round and look at the premises. That's vot a feller should do afore he goes inter a new house, but, however, better late than never." With that Bill walked round the vault. It was something like the one above, only the walls having to support additional weight had several buttresses. Bill examined these one by one, but saw nothing particular in them till he came to one of greater thickness. On going round this he found what appeared to be a stout door fastened with locks and heavy chains. " This is sommut like," he cried with glee. " This 'ere looks Christian like. I understands this. It is better'n gitten inter a coffin. Come off, vill yer !" he cried as he wrenched at a heavy chain. " Ef I am a burglar 'taint no hurt breaking into a ghost's house." After one or two wrenches the chain, apparently massive but eaten through with rust, gave way. One after another the fastenings fell after Bill's onslaughts, and then a rigorous pull made the door creak on its hinges. Bill peered in but could see nothing, as tbe darkness was too profound. However, amongst the booty he had secured from Bill of the Bald Face Stag was a box of matches. One of these he struck. He then found he was in a kind of small porch with another door at right angles to the first and secured in a like manner. " My eye," said Bill, " they vos mighty partickler in this 'ere shop, they wanted to bind fast votever they put in 'ere. I've read ov these ere things afore, but blest ef I ever seed their like. I vonder vether there is any more skellingtons about. Howsoever, this 'ere door's got to be opened." So saying, Bill again assayed his strength and again he succeeded. On opening the door, he perceived a long passage before him - and at the a glimmering light - the light of day. Bill did nor understand, nor did he attempt to analyse the feeling which came over him when be saw that feeble grey streak. Notwithstanding it filled him with joy. " Blest if that aint the blessed sunlight. Lor it seems as ef I ain't seen it for a century. Vots the day or the week, I wonder, or the month, or the year for that matter. I've been in this 'ere crib so long and seen nothing but darkness, or that blessed little star of a light that I feels as ef I knowed nothin'. I don't vonder as fellers get mad ven shut up all alone by themselves." And so along he hastened, scarcely noticing the chained and padlocked doors on each side. Every step he took, the light grew clearer. And when he got to the end where he expected to find a door leading out into the open he found that high above his reach the light came down through massive iron bars. " Here's a go," he cried. " Here's a go. Never count yer chickens afore they're hatched, I say. Ven I saw the light fust I felt sure I should get out of this place. And now - vell it's no use a grumbling. Action, action as the Duke ov Vellinton said ven Boney wanted him to stop the battle ov Vaterloo to 'ave a game ov kards. Summat must be done, and there must be a vay out and no mistake." Bill looked round for a bit but could perceive no place of exit. " He could, too, perceive it was getting dark. " It must be evening," he said. " Vell its a blessing to see it gitting darker. Ven I was in that 'ere cell it vos vun eternal twinkle, and if vun didn't sleep he vatched and vatched till the whole place turned round. But it vont do to sit 'ere a moping ven I as my bed ter make. I guess I'll jest fetch my duds down 'ere and make my doss, and then I'll see the blessed light ven the morning breaks." With that Bill hastened back, fetched the rugs that he had secured and brought his provisions. Just as he was going to sit down to a meal by daylight as he said, the thought struck him that he just might return and see how things were getting on in his old habitation. With that end in view, he had just placed himself at the bottom of the steps leading up to the stone chest, when he heard footsteps and voices in the vault above. " I tell yer," he heard Bill of the Stag say, " that as true as gospel, there was a skeleton a lying on the floor all perfect and all the clothes about it." " You are dreaming man," said another voice, " or drunk. You have been drunk and lost your keys and this is your excuse. Can't you see that the clothes are in their place, and there is your prisoner. Do you not see the chain hanging from beneath the cover-lid. When the master returns you will be rewarded for this." " I don't kere, it'll be a shame. I knows my oath an' I kno' that if I break it, it's all up with me. An' I knows that wot I tells yer is the truth." " Look man, there is your prisoner on the bed. See, I believes he moves," said the other. Bill, of the Stag, looked too, and could not believe his eyes. The fact was that Bill had got rather impatient and wished for a glimpse of his visitors and had mounted into the chest and partially raised the lid. As he did so the last man that had spoken said :- " Come, I will prove you a liar," and took a step towards the stone couch. Afraid of being discovered Bill dropped the lid and fled to the vault below. As the lid fell, the skeleton gradually rolled over and fell with a rattle to the floor. At the same instant, Bill uttered two or three dismal groans from his new retreat. Nothing more was needed. Certain that something miraculously supernatural had taken place, the two men hurriedly left the scene. Bill heard the creaking of the stones as the apparatus was closed, and feeling certain that he would not be enquired after again returned to his new home. Having disposed of a hearty meal and indulged in the luxury of a smoke, the first since he had been incarcerated, he rolled himself in his rags and fell fast asleep. He was awakened in the early morning by the light falling on his face and was speedily on foot. The first thing he did was to make a hearty meal of the remainder of his provisions. " There," said he. " I shall get no more tucker till I am out ov this. I recklect readin' ov a feller vot took a furrin' country, he burnt his ships so that his soldiers had to either conquer or die. Vell, I 'ave eaten all my tucker, and I must either get out of this or starve, and I don't mean to starve." His first effort was a careful examination of the passage in which he had been sleeping. It was clear that there was no chance of escape through the massive stone wall. But here was a door alongside that led either into a cell or into a passage that led parallel to the wall. After examining all the others, Bill determined to force this door was the best option. The fastenings soon gave way to his efforts, and as he had thought, he found himself in a passage, lit at intervals through iron bars. On the left hand side of the passage were other doors, which Bill believed led into cells. He had the curiosity to force one these doors open. On doing so, he discovered a small stone vault, and in one corner, lying upon some mouldy straw, lay a skeleton with the chains still upon its body. " Blest," says Bill, " ef I ain't 'ad enough ov skellingtons. Vot a bad lot they must 'ave been the lot who lived 'ere. Vot a yarn could be spun about this 'ere place. I guess I'll not open any more doors except them that leads to liberty. Oh ! ain't liberty sweet, as the cook said on her Sunday out." Bili soon came to the end of the passage, and then there was another door on the right hand side and one on the left. Without a moment's hesitation, and getting terribly anxious he soon had the fastenings removed and found himself in another passage that lead gently up an incline. Along this Bill proceeded for some distance. He then came to some winding steps which were suddenly closed in by a trap door. Believing himself close to liberty, Bill applied himself vigorously to the fastenings, and with a clang and rush the door fell in, and a moment later Bill was in the open air and in the glad sunlight in the centre of a copse of holly. To Be Continued. 