KAidLttN s LEGACY. Oi TiTsA-S. »- _ (From All the Year Found.) A STORY IN THREE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I. Ail (l to my dear god-daughter, Kath leen O'Brien Denvent, only daiighter of the Rev. Gilbert Denvent, incumbent of North Lees, in tlic countv of Cumberland, I bequeath tlie sum of twenty thousand piunds, at present invested in English 'i'iirec per Cent Consuls." These were the words of Miss O'Brien's will. They were communicated by letter t j the astonished legatee by Messrs. Long and Lovett, of Sackville Street, Dublin, the respected firm of solicitors who had drawn up the will, and to whose keeping it had been committed. Kathleen was shelling peas tinder a big beech- tree in the parsonage garden when higbrotlier Tom, a tall, bony fellow of about twenty, brought out the blue, official- looking letter to her. She had on a pink cotton gown, over which she had tied the apron of their one little housemaid, in order to ward off the juicy green of the pea-pods. She had also donned a white pocket-handkerchief, Tuscan fashion, over her dark - brown curly hair, to keep off the scorching July sun, One corner of it kept flapping into her eye with every light breeze that blew past. 4 'I wish you would tie it under my chin," she said to Tom when he got within ear shot. "My fingers are all green and sticky. What's that big letter? Is it your appointment to the Post Office at last?" Tom deliberately put the letter into a standard rose-bush, a yard or so distant, and proceeded, also deliberately — Tom never did any tiling in a hurry — to tie the handkerchief in a good strong knot under Kathleen's chin. " Why your mouth is green and sticky, too !" he said. "01i-h,look at your teeth! You've been eating the peas !" "Why shouldn't I?" said Kathleen, looking up at him with a smile that showed the said pretty teeth to advantage. 4 4Oh-h, you're choking me ! That'll do. Now, who is your letter from ?" Tom picked the letter out of the rose bush. " It isn't for me — it's for you. Now, don't be in a hurry my dear girl; it is not from him — you know who I mean. It has a Dublin postmark, and as the name of Messrs. Long and Lovett, solicitors, on the seal." ' 'Dublin — solicitors !" echoed Kathleen. 44 Who can it be from ? Open it at once, Tom, or beware of my sticky fingers !" So Tom opened it, and read it aloud, his voice with difficulty keeping an even tone as he communicated the astonishing fact of tho twenty thousand pounds legacy. Long before he reached tho concluding line, "Awaiting your instructions, we remain, madam, yours obediently, Long and Lovett," Kathleen had dropped her pea-pods, and, peeping over his shoulder, had got to the bottom of the page. . They made a pretty picture, the brother and sister, with their headsso close together under the shifting shadow of the leafy beech-tree. Tom, though big and bony, was not ill-looking. His features were well-formed, though somewhat massive — his eyes decidedly good. As for Kath leen she was a typical brunette, of the red-lipped, clear-skinned typo, with large, straightforward-looking eyes, which some times, though not always, recalled liei brother Tom's. She was tall, too, like Tom, and, though not bony, was more in clined to be slender than plump. Tom gave a long, low. whistle as he read the last word. 44 Good gracious !" cried Kathleen, her eyes opening wide and wider ; and then they stood still looking at each other. "Let's go in and tell mother and father !" exclaimed the girl, getting back her powers of speech first. " Run, Tom, just for once hi your life," and she set off for the house at an altogether express speed. "Good news will keep," said Tom com posedly. Nevertheless, his stride was a little longer than usual. Mrs. Derwent was seated in the par sonage parlor with a huge heap of un- mended and very well worn stockings in front of her. She was a small, faded woman on the wrong side of fifty, with pale eyes and a querulous voice. "How . thoughtless you children are ! " she said complainuigly as the two bounced in on her. " Yoiv forget how nervous I Rill." " Mother, twenty thousand pounds ! " cried Kathleen, waving the lawyers' letter round her head, and dancing round the room. " Kathleen's an heiress," said Tom from behind, in a tone that made Kathleen turn round and stare at him, for there was a something in it she had never heard in Tom's voice before. Then the father had to be told the good news. Ho came creeping in from his study, spectacles on nose, ' the draft of a letter in his hand, at the sound of such an unusual hubbub of voices in the next room. He was a tall, wliitc-liaired man, about ten years older than his wife. It was easy to trace the good looks of his son and daughter backwards to him.' Naturally he lacked their sunshiny smiles and erect carriage. Also there was about him a cer tain dreamy, dejected air which they as naturally lacked, but which is a thing scarcely to be wondered at in a man who, in despair of better days coming to liini, marries late in life on an income of two hundred pounds per annum, and endea vours on that microscopic suih to clothe and educate respectably a son and a daughter. " What — what is it all about ?" he . asked mildly, looking over his spectacles round the room as though he expected somewhere in its corners to find the cause of the unusual merriment. " I could hardly finish my letter to the Ecclesiasti cal Commissioners. You've positively made my head go round with your noise in here." But when the good news had been com municated to him, his head went round faster than ever. Then he seated himself, took off his glasses, and rubbed away at what looked fike a mist upon them. "Poor Kathleen— poor Kathleen !" he muttered half to himself, with something near akin to a sigh. "It'll be 4 rich Kathleen,' I'm 'rather thinking," said Tom, beginning to drum a tattoo on the table with his mother's scis sors. " Eh — what ? " said his father, suddenly recalling himself to his surroundings. " Yes — yes, of course, rich Kathleen now, not a doubt," and here he smiled cheerily up into his daughter's face. "Shall we light up bonfires to-night, and set the bells ringing — eh, Katie?" No one in the room knew— not even his wife — that in his early college days Mr. Derwent and the deceased Kathloen O'Brien had been sweethearts, and that to this fact might bo traced the pertinacity with which on the birth of his daughter he had insisted that the spinster lady in far away Dublin should be asked to be her gxlmothor. " We'll give tea and cake to the whole village, father," cried Kathleen, once more clapping her hands, and dancing round the room, " and we'll all of us have new dresses, and coats, and hats, and bonnets. And j'ou shall have a curate, father, and not wear yourself out with parish work. And you'll be able to join all those clubs you wanted to, Tom — cricket, tennis, and everything else ; and you, mother, shan't strain your eyes any more over mending and darning old stockings." It was only absolute want of breath that made her pause now, and give the others a chance of putting hi a word. ' ' Yes, a curate would be a boon — a very great boon. I'm not getting younger, and my work tells on me more every year," said the father. 44 And I shall be glad to see the last of these old stockings," said the mother, tumbling them helter-skelter into her work-basket. "I was never a good hand at needlework as a girl. I shouldn't be at all soriy to have time now and then to look at a book or newspaper." But it was Tom's exclamation which sent Kathleen all in a hurry out of the room to look for pen and ink without an other moment's delay. " I say, Kathleen," he cried, " I wonder what Bruce will have to say to it ! I sup pose you'll send him a line some time to day." Now Bruce Aitken was the son of a lawyer at Carlisle, who had, during a recent visit to North Lees, met and fallen in love with Miss Kathleen. It was an understood thing that the two were to be married so soon as old Mr. Aitken could make up his mind to take Bruce as a partner in the firm ; a step which he had hitherto shown a most marked reluct ance to take, alleging that Bruce at five- and-twenty years of age lacked the cx- pericnce necessary for so responsible a position. Most assuredly, one way or another, Bruce Aitlcen might be expected to have a word to say on the matter of Kathleen's legacy. CHAPTER II. Before, however, Kathleen's letter had time to reach its destination, Bruce him self made his appearance at the par sonage. Ho swung back the little wooden gate, and came up the garden path, not only with the easy, happy air of man who is sure of his welcome, but with an added briskness that seemed to imply that he had a piece of good news to com municate. Mrs. Derwent watched his approach from the window of her husband's study, whither she had .retired to discuss with him in the quietude the event of the day. Their early dinner (eaten without the peas) was over. Tom, who for some reason best known to himself had been remark ably . silent throughout the meal, had taken his fishing-rod and gone down to the trout-stream ; Kathleen, who had got through an altogether brilliant amount of conversation — possibly to atone for Tom's deficiency in that respect — had .also dis appeared somewhere for solitude and re flection ; and Mrs. Derwent, taking posses sion of a big Japanese fan (not her basket of unmended stockings), seated herself in an easy chair in her husband's study with an air of leisure altogether new to her. " The Wilmots will be sorry now they did not ask Kathleen to their last dance," she began in a voice from which nervous querulousness seemed suddenly to have disappeared. Evidently her brains were speculating on the effect the astounding news of the legacy would have upon neighbours and friends when it began to be noised abroad in the parish. Her husband, good man, was pursuing an undercurrent of thought entirely dis tinct from hers, he stood balancing on one finger his lately - written letter to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners — it contained an application for a grant for "much-needed repairs" to the parson age. "I think, after all, I won't post this- letter to-day," he said, looking a little doubtful at his wife; "I mean it's just possible, after a time, it may not suit us to stay on here." He paused amoment, smd then added rather more boldly : "I mean I'm not getting younger, the work is hard, and income small — a few years of rest would prolong my life, and it would be scarcely worth while to undertake the trouble of putting this place in order for one's successor." Mrs. Derwent did not allow the remark to interrupt her train of ideas. On they went 011 much tho same lines as before : "I dare, say Sir Thomas Longely wouldn't have been in such a hurry to send his son out of the way to London if this money had come a month ago," she went on ; only the last time he called — when he begged me to discourage any in tercourse between Kathleen and Sam, he said— 'Mrs. Derwent, don't misunderstand me. Kathleen is one of the sweetest girls I have ever seen ; but it's just this — the land is so heavily mortgaged through one thing or another, that unless Sam marries money, he won't be able to call an acre his own soon.' I really shouldn't be the least in the world surprised if Sir Thomas comes creeping round to-morrow directly he hears the news with something quite different to say." She paused a moment, then, letting her voice fall somewhat, added reflectively : " It's a pity Kathleen was in such a hurry to engage herself to Mr. Aitken ; she might do far better for for herself now." Mr. Derwent looked .up, a little sur prised at this formal mention of Kath leen's lover who had been plain " Bruce" from top to bottom of the house for the past six months. Time, however, was not given him to comment on the fact, for it was at this precise m oment that Bruce was seen swinging back the garden-gate and the next found him in the study shaking hands with his father and motlier-in-law elect. He was a nice-looking fellow enough, smaller and more compact in build than | Tom, with hair black as a raven's wing, j His eyes were dark, piercing, restless ; his 1 whole physique, in fact, seemed to betoken i an immense amount of pent-up nervous i energy. His hand-shaking was a grip — i one could fancy, what a blow that same | hand might deal at a pinch, it seemed all made of muscle. Mrs. Derwent generally winced under the grip, and said nothing. ; This afternoon she winced and said some- things "1 do wish, Mr. Aitkin," she said, fanning herself with great energy, " some one had taken the trouble to teach you how to shake hands, when you were a small boy." Bruce was very penitent, and proffered no end of 'apologies. " The truth of it is I'm nearly off my head to-day, he went onto say. "I've such a splendid piece of news to tell yon." "Indeed !" this said crossly and stiffly, for somehow Mrs. Derwent felt positive in her own mind what the 44 splendid piece of news ' must be. "I never saw her so put out before," thought Bruce ; "I must have given her a grip ! Never mind, my good news will bring her round right enough," so he hastened to tell it out as quickly as possible. ' . 44 Only think, Mrs. Derwent," he went on elately ; " my father has come to his senses at last. Old Smith — that's my father's partner, jrnu know — has done something more than usually idiotic, in fact, has made a regular bungle of some law business he had in hand, so my father has decided upon buying him out, and letting me come into the firm at once." "Indeed!" Bruce stared. "Indeed" from Kath leen's mother in that tone, and never a word in any tone from Kathleen's father, who had walked away to his book-shelves, taken down a bulky commentary, and now stood arranging his manuscripts at his writing-table as though, there and then, he meant to begin a sermon. Well, someone should say something ol other, civil or uncivil, he resolved. He crossed the room and laid his hand on the old clergyman's arm. "Isn't it first-rate news, Mr. Derwent?" he cried. "Won't you congratulate me?" "All, I'm delighted. I congratulate you heartily — heartily," said Mr. Der went. It was not said heartily, however — certainly not with the heartiness with which it would have been said had the news ante-dated Kathleen's good fortune. But then Mrs. Derwent had signalled un mistakably by her manner that for that afternoon at any rate heartiness towards Kathleen's suitor was to be laid ou one side, and Mrs. Derwent's signals, by virtue of her weak nerves and querulous temper, were never appealed against in that small household. Bruce looked blank. 44 I expected " He began and then broke off, scarcely caring in this depressed atmosphere to say exactly what he had expected — viz., that the whole family would have been ready to execute a savage war-dance over the improved state of his prospects. "I intended " He again began, and again broke off ; then with a rush brought out the sentence : "Of course, now there need be no further delay about the wedding-day, need there ?" 44 Wedding-days are things that should never be taken as a matter of course," said Mrs. Derwent, making now such a whirlwind with her fan that her cap-strings fluttered in it. Bruce's face flushed a deep, angry red. "What does it all mean?" What do you wish me to understand ? What has happened to make you alter so in your manner to me, Mrs. Derwent ?" he asked in short, abrupt sentences. Mr. Derwent did not like the turn matters had taken. For one thing he was unprepared for it all, and had not as yet made up his mind to any course of con duct ; for another, he hated storms, and a storm evidently threatened. He suddenly recollected a sick parishioner. " Poor old Giles !" he cried ; "I had quite forgotten I promised to read to him thjs afternoon. Good news must not be allowed to interfere with duty, must it ?" He waved his hand to Bruce, he smiled pleasantly at his wife as he left the room. They might refer his phrase 44 good news" to whichever event they pleased. Bruce stood in front of Mrs. Derwent, waiting for his answer. . She closed her fan and put her hand to her head. " Really I think it is your manner, not mine, Mr. Aitken, which requires ex planation," she said in her usual weak, querulous tone. "I have had a nervous headache all day ; I am really fit for nothing but bed." After all, weak nerves possibly ruled the world — her world, that is — better than strong ones. Bruce grew cheerful again — brutally cheerful, one might say, all things con sidered. " Oh, I'm delighted, it's a great relief — I mean of course I'm very, very sorry for your headache, but you always do suffer so much with it. Now may I see Kathleen and tell her my good luck? Shall I find her in the garden as usual ?" " Yon can or, and loot for her thorn if g- you like," said Mrs. Derwent evasively. In her own mind she felt sure Kathleen was upstairs in her own room. If so, so much the better. She would take the opportunity while Bruce searched the garden of having a short conversation — but- an energetic one — with Kathleen on the preposterousncss of a girl with twenty thousand pounds marrying a country lawyer, when, if she chose to take time to look about her, she might be Lady Longley, or Lady Someone higher still. Who could tell? Kathleen, however, was not to be found in her bedroom, for the simple reason that Tom had scarcely been gone five minutes out of the house before she took her hat and followed liim. Something had " put him out," she felt sure. She and Tom were always such chums, that she could not bear even the shadow of a cloud to come between them. The trout- stream, meandering through shady meadows and low-lying land, was little more than five minutes' walk" from the parsonage. This afternoon, however, it took Kathleen a good fifteen minutes to get to it. It was scorchingly, cruelly hot, the sort of day to make one think twice before putting one foot before another. Also her head was so full of thought, that quite unconsciously she lingered and loitered as one pleasant picture succeeded another in her mental vision. First and foremost among those pleasant pictures was the thought "What will Bruce say ? How will he look when I say to him, ' Bruce, only think how rich we shall lie. Twenty thousand pounds ! Whatever shall we do with such a lot of money !'"- Following this thought had come an other, only by one degree less pleasant, and that was that Bruec's father now would not think his son quite such a simpleton for his choice of the poor parson's daughter for a wife, as no doubt he had done at first, for everyone knew what s keen man of business old Mr. Aitkin was, and wliatambitious hopes ho had cherished of Bruce marrying money and investing ; it in the firm. Then on the heels of these bright fancies came a whole troop of delightful projects for the benefit and comfort of everyone around and about her. Father should have a curate, of course ; that went with out saying. Mother should have no end of new clothes, and another maid, who would take off her hands all the tiresome mending, and everything else in the house that was a trouble to her. And as for Tom — dear Tom — he should join all the cricket, and tennis, and rowing- clubs, far or near, that were worth joining ; and if it so chanced that this appointment in the Post Office did not come to him, why, then he could wait on quietly without any fussing and fuming, and fish, fish, fish in the trout- stream from morning till night, as though fishing were the only thing to be done in life, his she had so often heard him say on a hot summer's afternoon he wished in reality was the case. Strange to say, liswever, on this par ticular hot summer's afternoon, Tom did not show himself quite so eager for the " gentle sport" as was is wont. Kath leen, as she came in sight of the group of stunted willows where lie usually took up his position, could see his rod and basket lying idly on the bank, and liimseli stretched at full length upon the reedy grass. " It is so confoundly hot," he muttered by way of excuse, as Kathleen came in sight, tilting his hat lower over his nose, and flicking away the flies with his pocket- handkerchief. But Kathleen was not to be taken in. Tom, to find it too hot to fish ! Not to be thought of for a moment. Besides, there was a something in his tone which reminded her of the day he had come home and told her that the eleven, of' which lie was captain, had been "nowhere at all" in the local cricket-match. " I say, Toni, what is it?" she asked, kneeling down, beside him on the grass under the stunted willows. "What's what?" said Tom sentem tiously, and flicking away at the flies harder than ever. "What's the matter, I mean? What has upset you, and made you silent and gloomy on the very day we ought all to be clapping hands and going up like india- rubber balls to the ceiling ?" 4 4 Ought we ? It strikes me there's only one of us ought to be going up like an iudiarubber ball." " Only one of us !" This in an utterly surprised altogether bewildered tone. "Aye ! Only one of us, and that one you ! I don't see what anyone else has to rejoice and be glad over." " Oh, Tom ! oh, Tom !" And now an unmistakeable note of pain halved the astonishment in her voice. "As if the money had not come to us all ! You, me, mother, father !" 4 4 Has it ? Do you think Bruce will say that?" 4 4 Why, of course he will J" This very indignantly. Do you think I should ever have cared two straws for him if lie didn't love you all— father, mother, you— just as wellas he loves his own father, and mother, and brother?" . . ' 44 H — m — m !" . 44 And do you think he-would make any — the slightest objection e.veu, if X were to say to him, 4 Bruce I don't mean to touch one penny of this money ; I am just going to hand it over to father, mother, and Tom!'", 44 Say it to him and see." " I will — I will !" cried Kathleen grow ing still more excited and indignant. "And you'll see what lie'll say. I know him, I ought to — I've seen ever so much more of him than you have." 44 Yes you've seen enough of him to know him. 44 Then why do you doubt what I say ? Why — why ? . What do you mean, Tom ? Why can't you take it for granted that the money will do for you, and all of us, as much good as it will me ? If it had been left to you, Tom, I should have . taken it for granted." 44 Would you ? Then, you see, you are a girl — not a man." 44 What difference can that make?" cried Kathleen, bound to be on the defensive, though her ayes were full of tears. 4 4Tom, dear Tom !" she went on, "do believe me when I say the money will be as much yours as mine ;" then, as Tom made no sign or response by word or loolc, she clasped her hands together, crying, "Oh, 1 do so wish — I would give worlds, if Miss O'Brien had been your godmother instead of mine, and had left -you the money instead of me !" "I wish to Heaven she had," cried Tom with a sudden energy that made his sister start back a good yard on the grass. And not for fully three minutes did she find voice enough to ask the wondering question ; 4 4 Why, what difference would it — could it have made ?" 44 This," answered Tom, jumping to his feet : "I should then have had the chance j of a career in life, , whereas now I have ! none. Do you . suppose;" he went on vehemently, 44 because I am not per- petually wining over our poverty, as I mother does, that therefore I do not feel j the miserable narrowness and pinch of it ; all ? Do you think it is nothing to me that I am forced to go in- for a beggarly | appointment in the Post Office, when all the; fellows I have known here have gone on to college, entered the anny, or gone in for something else fairly" respect able ? As I:said before you are a girl and don'tunderstand these things. If you stood in my shoes for ten minutes, you might see what I mean. . With Ms last word he turned on his heel and strode away rapidly, forgetting even his rod and basket in his excitement; or it might be, perhaps, hiking it for granted that his sister would pick them up and cany them home for him, as she had done more than once before in her life. Kathleen looked after him ruefully. Tears for a moment blinded her, and she could not arrange her thoughts. It was j all so puzzling, so difficult to understand. Tom had come out in such a new light, j Who could have believed that, under his j slow and somewhat solid exterior, he had j cherished aspirations and longing such as ! these ! Yet after all, now that the rove- j lation had been made, it seemed almost I wonderful to her that she had hot guessed j it all before. Of course, as Tom had said, j she was a girl, and could not be supposed j to understand a man's ambition's, and, of | late especially, she knew that all her j own ambitions had so centred into one | little world, of which Bruce was the light | and sun, that she had scarcely had time to give a thought to other people's aspirations. ' Well, there was one comfort! Tom had not expressed outrageously impossible wish. College seemed to be the desire of his heart, and there really seemed to be no reason wliv it should net be gratified. She had often heard her father say he had got through his college career 4 on next to nothing ;' very well"tlien, out of twenty thousand pounds it must be possible to supply Tom with a sufficiency to get through his. She would go back to the house at once and speak to her father about it. So sunshine came back to her face. She picked up Tom's rod and basket cheerfully and trudged along among the osiers towards home. ; The stream babbled and purled over its big white stepping - stones, Splash, splash — here and there — went the shiny silvery fish. Tho shadowsbegantolengthen a little, for the afternoon was wearing it self away. "It's nearly tea-time," thought the girl. 44 Bruce will be just about locking up Ins office and thinking of getting home. And to-morrow morning he'll have uiy letter, and know all about it, and of course lie'll come down immediately, and " But here her thinking was suddenly cut short by the shadow of Bruce himself falling athwart her path. He was coming along with his usual brisk energy, but Kathleen's .quick eye detected an un usual but uiiniistakable cloud upon his brow. - 44 Why, Bruce-— you !" she cried. Then there followed — no, not hand shaking, but its equivalent under certain conditions. Why not ? There was no one to tell tales, beyond the bending osiers, the whispering reeds, the wild, flitting birds. Bruce began a whole string of questions: " What's the matter with Tom ? I met him just now, and he told me where I should find you; but beyond that, never a word could I get out of him." 44 Tom and E have had a tiff. We often have tiffs, you know," answered Kath leen, bent out on' being loyal to Tom's in firmities. 44 Is that why you're carrying his rod and basket for him? Give them to me, dear. Really I think you're determined to spoil that brother of yours ; the effect of your in judiciousness are beginning to show in liim. Well now, Katie, what's up at tlie house — with your father and mother, 1 mean ? There's something there wants explaining too, I think." ThcnKathleen'sfacc brightened all over as she answered: 44 Oli, there's ever so much to explain. I wrote to you at once ; it doesn't matter; you'll get my letter when you go back. Let's sit down here under this willow I've a wonderful letter from a Lawyer in my pocket I want you to read. You are not to speak one word till you've got to the last line ; and I am going to sit here on this tree-stump right in front of you and watch your face while you read. I'm sure it'll he something to remember for ever and over afterwards. " And Bruce's face as he sat reading the lawyer's letter was something to remem ber forever afterwards, though not ex actly in the way Kathleen had expected, for instead of flushing red with a glad, jubilant surprise, it grew white, hard, frowning. His lips set, and with never a word, lie folded the letter and gave it back to the girl. 44 Why, Bruce, what is it? Are j'ou ill ?"-she cried, jumping up from her tree- stump. 4 4 1 see — I see ; I understand it all," he muttered - half . to- himself. The whole tiling stands explained now." 44 What stands explained?" she asked, ready to cry with mortification and disap pointment. 44 1 thought you at least would jump, and clap your hands, and toss your liat up in tlie air, and there you take it every bit as solemnly as as Tom." 44 1 don't sec much to clap niy hands over, Kathleen," he answered gravely. 44 1 rejoice at your good fortune, of course, but—" 44 My good fortune ?" she interrupted passionately. 4 4 Is not my good fortune your good fortune too? What does it menu ? Tell me — tell me !" and then she hid her face in her hands, aud, sitting by his side among the osiers, burst into tears. Of course he did Ms best to comfort her. 44 1 can't tell you anything if you sob like that Kathleen," he said. 44 Will you try to listen while I explain to you why I don't jump up and clap my hands \v th delight? Well, it's just this: before I came out here to you, your mother gave me to understand that I was not welcome to the house ; your father gave me the cold shoulder ; your brother looked as black as thunder at me. Now do you expect me to clap my hands and toss up my hat with delight over that ?" Kathleen's astonishment dried up her tears. . "Notwelcome — cold shoulder — black as thunder !" she repeated blankly. 44 1 mean what I say, and I understand now exactly why it is. The lawyer's son might be a very good match for the par son's daughter, bub a young lady with twenty thousand pounds lias a right to look a little higher." 44 Oh, impossible — impossible ! " cried the wondering Kathleen. 44 It's all a mis take — it must be a mistake ! Why, only yesterday, mother said to me, 4 Kathleen, I think you are a very lucky girl. There never lived a better fellow than Bruce Aitken.'" 44 All, that was yesterday, you see. Something has happened since then. , 44 What has happened ? Nothing that ought to make any difference. Oh, that wretched, wretched legacy ! I wish it had never come to make us all so miser able !" 44 And so do I," said Bruce, with great energy. 44 Katie, do you know I came over with good news this afternoon ? My father lias at last consented to take me into the firm, and, of course, under ordinary cir cumstances, there would be nothing to prevent our getting married at once — next week — to-morrow, if it couid be managed. But now " He broke off abruptly. Bruce was not a man to break down with emotion, but he was evidently keeping his calmness with difficulty. Kathleen's face went from red to white — from white to red. 44 Oh, Bruce — oh, Bruce !" was all she could find breath for at first. Then some thing akin to indignation took possession of her. 44 We to be sitting here groaning, when we ought to be dancing and singing ! Why,it'suiiheard of ! No one would believe it !" she cried. Bruce made no reply. He was thinking deeply over somethiug that li'ould not bear a divided attention. Presently he woke up to ask the ques- , tioii : " Kathleen, how old arc you ?" Exab«nineteen and two months," answered Kathleen promptly. 4 4 You don't mean to say you've forgotten already the beautiful cake I made on the 20th of May last !" 44 No, dear, I had not forgotten, but 1 was in hopes I had made a mistake in a year, and you were turned twenty !" He gave a heavy sigh. 44 You see you are so young to be allowed to have your own ideas on this matter, people would think I had taken ail ventage of your inexpe rience. j Kathleen grew suddenly white. She j kneeled down beside him as he sat, look- ( ing up in his face. 44 You don't mean to say you are think- j ing of giving me up, Bruce ?" she asked in . a low voice. 44 No," said Bruce, with decision, 4 4 but it's only riglit you should have the choice J of giving me up if you liked. People would think that at nineteen such a choice should not be allowed you — tliat, in fact, your father and mother should make it for you." 44 Bruce, if father and mother and all the world were to say I must give you up, I wouldn't do it !" This said in the same low tone as before, but there could be no mistaking the decision put into it. And somehow her hand crept into his as she said the words, and somehow their eyes met, and then — well, the whispering reeds, the bending osiers, the wild, flitting birds might have had another idyllic story to tell had voices and words been lent them for a brief five minutes. Mr. Derwent stood leaning over his garden-gate looking down the shady lane which led straight to the trout-stream. The shadows had lengthened very much now ; the red roof of the square old par sonage was glorified by a passing gleam from the sinking sun ; birds were getting up their good-night notes, a whole or chestra of buzzing insects were tuning up for their twilight madrigals. He had read old Giles to sleep, and another old parishioner after Giles. He had enjoyed a second tete-h-tete with his wife, wMch sgie had brought to an abrupt ending by declaring that her poor head was racking her again, she must go to bed at once, but 44 of course you'll make young Aitken clearly understand, my dear, the footing things will be on in the future." Mr. Derwent was not quite in Ms usual placid, quiescent frame of mind. Left to himself he would have preferred that things should take their course, and arrange themselves. His wife, however, had informed him with unmistakable decision that certain responsibilitcs rested on his shoulders now, which lie must not try to shift upon anyone else's. So he stood there bracing his ' muscles to the task, timing tlie unconscious lovers with his big chronometer, and trying to per suade himself, as his wife had reminded him again and again during their half- hour's talk, that he was only going to perforin what, his duty as a father de manded of him ; that Kathleen was but a child, and must not be allowed to have an opinion on the matter ; that Bruce was a most reasonable fellow, aud would be sure at once to see things in a right light. 44 1 have been waiting here to have a few words with you, Bruce," lie said as the two came slowly along the path to the gate, looking, as even his short- sighted eyes noted, very unlike their usual buoyant, light-hearted young selves. 44 We can talk out here just as well as in doors. Kathleen, my dear, Tom is wait ing for his tea ; you had better go in at once." But Bruce was not at all disposed to have matters settled in this offhand fashion. In his own mind, and talking it over with Kathleen, lie had arranged his course of procedure in the future, as they had come up the shad' lane, swinging Tom's rod and fishing-basket between them. Mr. Derwent should stand there and listen to his terms, not lie to Mr. Derwent's. He laid his hand on Kathleen's arm. 44 There is no reason why Kathleen should not hear every word, Mr. Derwent; wo know exactly what you arc going to say," he said, looking very white, it is true, hut with no sign of wavering in his voice. 44 We know you are going to talk about Kathleen's legacy, and say how ridiculous it would be for her to marry a man in my station in life. Yery well. I am not going to force myself upon her, I'll tell you that ; but I also tell you I'm not going to give her up because a few tliousand pounds have fallen to her; I wouldn't have given her up for poverty, and I won't give her up for riches. But this I will do — let her have her own choice on the matter without attempting to in fluence her in any shape or form. And because she is too young now to be allowed to make such a choice, I will wait for it till her twenty-first birthday — about a year and ten months from now. On that day, whatever her decision may be, I shall take it as final — a 4 yes' or a 4 no' for ever." Bruce's words had come one after the other clearly, but hurriedly. He drew a long breatli as lie finished speaking. Then under her father's eye he took her in his arms and kissed her. 44 Good-bye, Kathleen ; without fail you'll see ine on your twenty-first birth day," he said in not quite such a steady voice as before. And Kathleen's 41 good-, bye" seemed to come in oddly muffled tones, wlxile a mist before her eyes made her think tlie twilight had come upon them all of a sudden. 44 Oh yes, I'll shake hands, . Mr. Der went," Bruce said, as the old clergyman somewhat doubtfully held out his hand ; 44 1 can see things, in a fashion, from your point of view, but you must forgive me if I can see tliem better from my own." Then, as though afraid to trust himself with another look at Kathleen, lie turned sharply round, and walked hurriedly away. Mr. Derwent and Kathleen went back to the house by different paths. Mr. Derwent got in first, retreated to his study, and locked himself in, horribly afraid lest Kathleen should follow him, and make a scene. Kathleen lingered a few minutes m the failing light, trying to get back her calmness before she faced Tom and the tea-tray. There under the big beecli tree was her basket of peas, off which an audacious jackdaw was making an easy and pleasant supper. Could it only have been this morning, the girl asked herself, that she sat there with nimble fingers and a inerry heart, telling herself such pleasant talcs of what the years had in store for her? Why, she seemed to have lived since then a decade at least. Well, tlie fates had with the first post that morning just turned her life up side down for her — that was all : had given her twenty thousand pounds with one hand, and had robbed her of her lover with the other. CHAPTER III. Mrs. Derwent slept off her nervous head- ache, and came uown ro o:v i -i iiic morning in the smartest cap ami gown her wardrobe hacl at command. 44 Why, my dear, yon. look quite twenty years younger, "said heradmiring husband, as lie took his place behind the eggs and bacon. Mrs.. Derwent smiled pleasantly at liim across the tuekod-up sleeves of the. little servant who was bringing in the teapot. "You need not bring my work-basket after breakfast," she said, addressing tlie Phyllis a little pompously. " Those stockings are really past mending, and may as well be given to the almshouse people." Tom came in, bringing the letters which the postman had just handed to liini over the garden gate. Ho was scowl ing tremendously — Tom could lood black if he chose — at the uppermost one, ad dressed to him in official writing, and announcing itself in printed letters to be 44 on Her Majesty's service.,' Not a doubt it must be tlie long-talked-of nomi nation to an inferior billet in the General Post Office. v Kathleen, occupied in cutting brown bre.ad on a trencher, seemed to feel liis black looks, for she did not so much as lift her eyes as she said : 44 Why trouble about it now, Torn ! Put in tho waste-paper basket. Father, why can't Tom go to college like other young men, instead of boginniug to work at some thing he detests ?" Kathleen had had sleepless night,, and the thoughts that had koptrhef awake had" not been pleasant ones. A year and ten months seems an altogether interminable period to a girl of nineteen under any cir cumstances, but when tho said year and ten months is to comprehend in its lagging weeks an utter suspension of pleasant in tercourse with one who has grown to he part of the girl's very life, it of necessity doubles and trebles itself. Kathleen how ever did not see in her own heavy heart any excuse for an endeavour to make other people's heart heavy. Without being one step on the road towards canonisation as a saint, she was yet one of those 4gay, good girls ' whose whole delight it is to make people and things around them sunshiny, not cxpectiug so much as a 4 thank you ' in acknowledgement. Mr. Derwent looked up from his plite, surprised, but not displeased ; Mrs. Derwent looked up from hers, neither ? surprised nor displeased. ' Tom, it may be remarked in passing, was her favourite child. "It is exactly what I expected you would say, Kathleen," she said in a tone that suggested a combination of honey and treacle. All Tom's frowns vanished in an instant, like ghosts at the dawn. 44 Come out in the orchard after break fast, Kathleen," he cried cheerily. I'll swing you all the morning in the old apple- tree !" Now if there was one thing in life that Kathleen enjoyed more than 4 sweeties' — Turkish delight, bull's - eyes, toffee, and such like — it was a swing on a summer's day. As a rule she jumped at tlie offer of Tom's services — he did not volunteer them very often, it must be admitted — te-day, however, she shook her head. 44 I've so much to do in the house," she began apologetically. . 4 4 My dear," interrupted her mother, 44 you must be relieved of some of your homo-duties now. Your education has not been altogether what your father and I should have liked. You must set to work at accomplishments of some sort at once." Kathleen dropped her bread-knife in her amazement, 44 What !" she cried, round-eyed ; 44 do you mean I am to go to school — at my age — nearly twenty ?" ' 44 Here's a letter for you, Kathleen," said Tom, anxious to effect a diversion, for Kathleen and her mother were apt to — well, say 4 differ ' on not a few sub jects. But he could not refrain from giving it a somewhat vicious look as she tossed it across the table to her, for the adhesive seal, witu tne names ot Messrs. iiong ana Lovett upon it, stirred again the smoulder ing embers of lii3 discontent of yesterday. Kathleen put her letter beside her plate unopened, and sat down in silence to lier breakfast. She, too, could not refrain from giving the harmless envelope a pass ing vicious look, though the 44 viciousness" - of her look assuredly sprang from a dif ferent source from Tom's. There it lay, the ugly blue paper thing, with the round, business-like writing, and aggressive- looking seal. How unlike the missives which, as a rule, were to be found lying beside her breakfast-plate, addressed to herinBruce'ssmall, sharp-pointed writing ' Ah, when would she again have one of his deal', darling old letters to make her eat her breakfast in one mouthful, so that she might run out into the garden and read it in peace, with none but the thrushes and : blackbirds to take note of her smiles and her blushes ? She could not eat her bread-and-butter, but kept drinking the hot coffee with gulps, as though with it she would swallow down her sorrows. Tom looked at the unopened letter. 44 How can you keep your lingers off it? Hero's a girl devoid of inquisitiveuess for once in a way !" he cried sarcastically. The mother looked at the letter, _ ' 1 44 Business letters should always receive immediate attention;" she said scnten- tiously. . And the father looked at the letter.. 44 The post goes out at eleven, Katlw leen ; better open, it at once, it may want an answer," he suggested mildly. So Kathleen broke the seal, and for one moment let her eyes wander carelessly, . . indifferently, down the closely-written page. Only for one moment, however ; the next, with a cry that in itself was as good - as a peal of wedding-bells, she had let it fall to the ground, had overthrown lier chair, and shaken all the eggs on the table out of tlieir cups in her eager haste to get out of tlie room. Tom, father, mother, all rose tuinultu- ously to their feet. 4 4 What is it — what is it ? Are you mad, Kathleen?" cried Mrs. Derwent in her astonishment, altogether forgetting her ' weak nerves., 4 4 Mad ! oh no," cried Kathleen, half up the stairs on her way to lier room ; 44 only happy ! I'm not an heiress, after all, and I'm going to write and tell Bruce this very minute." Tom, father, and mother, all looked, blankly in each other's faces. Tom was tho iu-sb to gee his senses to gether. He picked up tlie lawyer's letter from the floor, and themroad aloud in tho bland, legal language, which seemed to insinuate apologies: for the disagreeable truth it had to convey, how that tlie exe cutors nominated by the late Miss O'Brien , 130 %il lier wiii. had declined to take upon themselves the responsibility of adminis tering to the deceased lady's estate, for the simple reason that no estate remained to administer to. At the period .when the will had been" drawn up, Kathleen's legacy, no doubt, with other moneys, was invested in Three per Cent. Consols. Since. then Miss O'Brien had not received one penny from her landed property in Ireland, and had consequently been com pelled, in order to keep up her house and staff of servants, little by little to draw upon her, capital, till of the large sum at one time invested only a few hundreds re mained — an amount, indeed, barely suffi cient to cover the expenses of her costly . funeral, and discharge outstanding debts in the neighborhood. The lawyers con cluded their letter with polite expres sions of regret for the untowardness of the circumstances. Tom dropped the letter with a groan as he finished reading it. " Those fellows ought to have thought twice before they wrote in such a hurry to offer' their pro fessional. services," lie growled, and then went down on his-. knees, rummaging in the waste-paper basket for the letter con- . .taining his nomination to the Post Office billet, which he so carelessly jerked into it. Mrs. Der went - burst into a. flood of hys terical tears. " It was wicked ! wicked I They ought to. be prosecuted," she sobbed. Then she put her hand to her forehead, .... adding plaintively, " I'll go up to bed, I think I can't keep my head up." But there was real tragedy in lier tone when, as she left the room and met the Phyllis coming in, she turned and said to her : " Don't give away those stockings I spoke to you about this uioming. They'll stand a little more mending and vrear- ing." And Mr. Derwenb went slowly into his J study, to re- write his letter to the Eccle- j siastieal Commissioners asking for a grant for the much-needed repairs. " It'sabitter disappointmenfcof course," he said to himself with a sigh, as he got out his pens and paper ; " but still it is nice toseethe old bright look inKathleen's face." I As for Kathleen herself , it was only her I tears of joy falling thick and fast and half j blinding her, wliieh made her take more than sixty seconds over lier brief letter to . her lover. "" Dear, dear Bruce, — Isn't it delight ful ? I'm not an heiress, after all. , Come over at 'once — this very minute. — Your own Kathleen." This was all she wrote. But it was evi dently enough, for it brought Bruce to the parsonage the very next day ; and, before lie went back to Carlisle, tlie day was fixed for their wedding. "I wish I could fancy it was nothing more than a bad dream," said the girl, as she said good-bye to her lover over the gardengate; "but somehow, I can't. When I think over -it- all," I feel exactly as I did when I ate that Seville orange, and had a bitter taste hi my mouth for days after- wards." Poor child! This was her first taste of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good- and evil, of which most of us have to eat a little more than we relish t.hroughlife. 