Correspondence. £tt in Help. To the Athittie Editor of the Sporttman. Sze, — I learn from Mr. Joe Thompson that he has Q Elected from his brother " Benights of the Ppaoil " and aportieg men I generally something likd £200 tor tbe relief of tbe wHowO « eWldrea auflerma bf tbe terrible Brill Colliery Sxplo&mr; Now, rir, I should like to toe my tmther atialetoe of Melbourne aleo raise Attmd for tbe aame laudable ptfpow- You writ remember the great eowres of Hie autortoiumeot given in tbe Town Hall -for the Oreewiok Rrijef Fond, under your own managearant, Tbe toecee pureed, at that time ie predeely tbe one to be taken In the present Inetanoe. Let ve cell a meeting of aU tlw tftbtw to decide what rtall be done. , X plane my ball aoraeervedly at the diqtotu of any committee that may be formed; also the Whole of my appurtenanoee fqr tbe various rehearsals required. My parsons! services X need hardly nay will be deved, in oon- juootion with my . brother athletes, in furthering the internets of so deserving a project.— Tours, Am, \- VicroB. Athletic Hall, Spring-street. A Grievance. \- To the Athletic Editor of the Sporttman. Sib,— There Ifl a rumour going the rounds of the Melbourne cycling oirolee re my riding at Donolly on l£th March, which is liable to seriously damage my reputation. It it freely hinted by several riaera here that I was polity of. foul riding and wilfully throwing .an opponent. I wfab to totally deny all aooh nonuaatione, and to state tbe faute of tbe ease. Mr. Jamea and myself left here on the 16th for Donolly to tako part in a £10 eweepetake, £26 added ; die- tsuoee, two, three, and fonr miles. After viewing the track, whiob by the way did not impress pf' favourably, it being only 9ft. wide, aad very rongb and uneven on the eurfaos, Mr. James thought it too dangerous for him, so did not ride. I rode in the 2-milt with Virtue and Ssbeele. Two laps from the finish Virtue was leading, followed closely by me. Soheele cam np on tbe ontslde and attempted to pass. Iostead of d<4og so, however, he etrnok me violently on the elbow, and X presume the recoil oaoeed hun to fall. 1 did not eee him fall, for he never was half in front of me. Much to my surprise, o& entering the dreseing-room, I was in formed that Sobeele had entered a protest Against me for foul riding, and op=nly de- olared that I bad rnn into him on purpoBe. The ntter absordity of tbe thing ebowe itself ; for bow could a man leading another run into him P Mr. James asked him to apolo gise, bat he refmed. We then aeked the judges to deoile tbe protect within tbe hour intervening between tbe first and second events. Tbia courtesy was also re fused, and great weight was intended to be given to the refusal by ono of the judges, who very impolitely told James that 1 oould go to a region, where overcoats or fire are not required. In fact, the treatment that I received at tbe hands of the officials and Scbeeie was amply disgraceful. In my long oareer as a cyotiet, and during my travels all round the world, I have never met with such Insulting and harsh treatment. It is also tbe first time in my oareer that I have had a protest lodged against me.— Trusting you will print this, in fairness to me, and apologising fer encroaching npon your valuable eptoe,— I am, youre, Ac., Feed. Wood. Champion Bicyclist of tbe World. White Hast Hotel, 23cd March. About Wrestling. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman. Sib,— Permit me epaoe for a few remarks on above subject. In my early days I have eeen maoj fierce encounters at wrestling, both in Great Britain and America, aud have witnessed most of the great matches in this '"". itly : -bis i ?' : not. \- by " t r- ;.i by ' ' fc... i.: ; ' r ..ast, -'F ' - : - -r- v Ro J-:' -Si- - n est. ' i: - j ' -'her -perk,. ' ''''' -: .'.: ; -rin, r.- i !i ' o "ii, .-«r. the ri". r,-»t the t»"irtdvn:. r.tir « ,e;d-i.a. Cannon .- .. <i\\. .wr - O- u j- v." Vu:!-»nt" "if- -<l©b , « k < :uine. .? .« d;r--vr cp". »-ui. 4.: h.'ng- gcnuiuc i ii . crck Ihe auaaUeet suspicion on my tmnd it wonld .be on tbe Cannon-Connor match. Connor, who has never (to my knowledge) beaten any first- class man on bis merits, layiDg odds on himself against snoh a man as Cannon some what tickled my imagination, knowing that he oonld have had hi- money laid at evens in tb stakes? I may inform " Vigilant " that when two good men meet at wrestling the great ecienoe shown Ie coolly waiting few an opportunity to get on their favourite hold or trip — such as in the Acton v. Whistler match, also tbe Connor v. Ghristol, tbe Thomas v. Keating, and the Gannon v. Di&niecollar-and-elbow; "bouts." One who knows aboat wrestling would not say that Gannon beat Miller, or that Ooonor beat Cinnon, simply beoanse through accidents the contests were ended before it was really decided which waa tbe better man. Regarding asserting that O. Whistler was the "peer among wrestlers'.' at tbe Gssoo-Romau style, I have good grounds for eotertainiog a different opinion. In 1883 Joe Acton issued a ohalienge to all- : comers In Amerloa to wrestle either Gr&eoo-; Roman or Gatch-as-oatob-oan, for 2500do1e. a-side, 'Am aware that Mnldpon'e sup porters wished to baek him in a matoh with Acton, but " Bill" wriggled out of it, and I presume Whistler had qatte enough of the , " little demoo," aa be is oalled in America, after their match at Catch-afi-catoh-oan, at whioh style Whistler claimed to be champion of America, as well as Gr&eoo-Roman.; Now, for the information of all interested, I wish to remark thai, had all these men been in their best formi not one of them wonld stand the ghost of a chance, either at Gatoh-as- oaroh-can or G'Srai-Roman, with the great unbeaten William Snaps, of Liverpool, Eng land, who a good few years ago beat tbe best in England", and challenged all tbe world without response. He was a men of 6ft. din. in height, aud weighing in beet i form over 19at. in weight. In hie metoh with Bibby, who hoe beaten Whistler, he ! lati htm on hit two ahoaldere as a mother would ley ber child in the cradle ! I have, met Professor Miller on several occasions, and consider htip a gentleman in every respect, and I do not imagine he would, or need be, afraid to meet any man bj day or night. Still I do not endorse " B. T.V state- 1 ment regarding him being the best all-round athlete tbe world ever produced. Not many weeks ago your reply to a correspondent on this subject was, I presume, to the majority of those interested, quite satisfactory, viz.— Donald Dinnie. This athlete cer tainly baa made the greatest record of any athlete paat or preeeut, and, aa EeU's JAfe stated some years ago — " He is the greatest all-round athlete extant in the professional world." Bis records of winning tweoty- four different contests in one day, and his aggregate of over 8000 wine, is without a parallel. His reoofrde at leaping, height, distance, hop-step-and-jump, running over hurdles, and tbe flat, were sever equalled by any man of his weight. Hia weight-throw ing records have never been approached, as ia well known, aud what show would the Pro fessor stand with him in an all-round wrestling match, even at his age ? Aw Old Ahatzite. Xfinfimm to H. fjray- To the Editor of Ge Sportsman. Bib,— In reply to tbe ohalienge of Mr. H. Gray, I beg to state, that in consequence of It being mob a luge amount I was unable at the time to aooept hie ohalienge. I am now happy to" etkte . that a few of any admirers nave rallied around me who wish to eee who is the colonial- bora champion billiard player of Australia, and I am in the position to accept his eballe≥ for £200 ' a-«de. Aa a guarantee of good faith, I now place in your bands, Mr. Editor, the sum of ' . r £60 to bind the match. . Jo enable .our. tporiar frfaade Jo idata' from? Sydney, I wonld oeg to suggee? that weplay-JOOO up, 1900 points ea en to the nlgfate of ftk 6th, and 7A1fay,MSt, with J-and-I6th balls, on ooe of Al cook's beet tables, lor £100 Or £200 a- side. Hoping that we may be en abled to rive a arianufio illustration of Aa gam#,— Tours, Aa, F. IdBDBXJlC. tbs SporismaaHofri, Melbourne, Mmrii, 1887- Lindnun, aa an earnest of bis bond Jides in tbe msUsr, has lodged fifty pounds in our bends, to bind the match with Gray.— Ed. 8s 3 . , Dram Flaying'. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman . 6m,— Having head that Mr. Herbert King the right to call himself Oham- plon Amateur Siae-flrommer of Viotoria, and haviog won the prize three years ago against aU-oomere, I am sow willing to meet him or anyone rise for the same and what money they are in the power to pot down, on uie' following oonditione l. To play on both ride and kettle drums, aod from maeic first eight. 2. To write and play the musio written by both competitors from any pieoe of music provided by the jodgee. I leave this ohalienge open for a fortnight from the date published. — xoure, Ac.. Abtbvb H. RKID. 3 White-street, South Ririimoud, tithHuoh. 