: OV.'-'::CL^ BBVEXGE.. I have served in the French army (as Sttigeon) and Mcrtbita ! I never y<?t suffered ail insuw from mortal being to pass unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last. \c.u. While wondering throngh that picturesque country, I frequently en countered two ladies—one elderly,-.the other a widow—charming. tpirituilk.—Adricnne ! At last we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to the fair widow's charms,—as she was so sympathetic, so vivacious, vet with all that favoirjaire of ex perience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure—how delicious its lines ! What masses of r magnificent tresses ! What perfect rows of ivory hercoral-lipped smile permitted us to see ! What heathful bloom the exercise and mountain air had lent to her cheek !—Yes, I would propose that evening. That night I went up to dress for dinner—an important business with me,.and one requiring time." I had arranged in the morniug with the »iaitre ef ko'd to change my room for oue with a more southerly aspect; but'when I had climbed to the, first floor (no slight exercise '.) where my new apartment wa.s located, I found I could not recollect the number.- A little reflection, haw ever, made me decide it was Xo IS, but, to mate make certain, I listened a moment at the door— all was still within—turned the handle softly and entered. -Von o> Diew / who was this ! Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay the ghost of Adricnne! Adrienne? Yes? but Adricnne transfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with her cheeks tailing iu on the toothless gums, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille ! A lay figure waiting to be transformed by her maid into ~ay Adrienne—waiting to be made into my decoy—but I would^bc revenged ! Not stopping to hunt up my room noiv, I descended hastily to the saloon, where I found most of the quests awaiting for the dinner-gong. I caught a glance of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struck me—I smiled. The house happened to be full, just then, of a very fashionable company, the ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew there was a certain countess who was especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah! I would shame her before them all ; I would give her a lesson under her rival's eyei—she should learn not to tritle with honest affection—-Vb:< yes! I am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I sat down apart, and, turning my eyes from those present, put all my will-force into action. One— two—three—four minutes, and there was a foot step outside the door—the handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared—yes ! precisely as I had seen her a few minutes before ! The whole roomful of listless guests rose as if simul taneously galvanized—the ladies shrieked ' a ghost'—but Adrienne advanced quietly toward nie in her magnetic trance. Under covering of offering her a chair, I made the releasing passes with my ban'.1 :'Itc au-^kc—gave one glance round at the staring company ami the scornful eyes of her rival, another at her figure reflected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sank — a fainting heap—on the floor! I was revenged ! ! That same night I thought I heard some one moving about my room and found, the follow ing morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my new patent spring-fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I had to publish my loss before I could move out of bed. Adrienne had left the house that night, but not without retaliating. Uowjlcvs Adam /?» Sa:i Frand<co Xc>c$-Litter. The Obedient Husband.—A clergyman trave ling through the village of Kettle, in Fiteshire, was called into an inn to officiate at a marriage, instead of the parish minister, who, from some accident, was unable to attend, and had caused the company to wait for a considerable time. While the reverend gentleman was pronouncing the admonition, and just as he had told the bridegroom to love and honour his wife, the said bridegroom interjected the words, " and obey," which he thought had been omitted from oversight, though that is part o: the rule laid down solely to the wife. the minister, surprised to find a husband willing to be hcnpecked by anticipation, did not take advantage of the pro posed amendment: on -which the bridegroom again reminded him of the omission. "Ay, and obey, sir—lore, honour, and obey, ye ken!'1 and he seemed serioaslv discomposed" at finding that his hint was not taken. Some years afterthesame clergyman was riding through the rilla-e, when the same man came out stopped him, addressing him in the following remarkable words—" D'ye mind, sir, yon day, when ye married me, and when I wad insist upon vowing to obey my wife? Weel, ye may now see that I was in the richt. Whether ye wad or no, I hae obeyed my wife; and :>s'no5d. I am now the only man that '.us a i tv,-'.-3t-Drey boase jn the halo wmaf'—Girl's Own ' Paper. 