FOOTBALL UOTES. I By 'En Avast.'] A thousand voices cried ' Hurrah,' as they saw the oval roll, And Ihe follower, skying high his cap, shrieked out : ' The winning goal !' — Eric. The match played Saturday, June 11, on the Association Ground between the City and the T.R.C. proved ratber interesting when one takes into consideration tbe state of the turf and the weightiness of the leathern sphere, through tho previous day s rain. The Uity ) suffered through the absence of five gnml men. , This was rather fortunate than otherwise, 3s thereby the teams were more equally ! matched, and the public treated to a better- ; fouRlit- ut g.'.me, just ending in a win for tbe ; City boys. The play of tiie T.R.C. men gave | one the irnpres-ion that, as a peninr team, it is j well worth their while persevering. Their i ranks include several first-class performers, and i next season they should be able to hold their own against the strongest aud best of our senior dubs. Tlie cectral umpire in the above match way hardly np to fovm. Tlvit the umpire Rave what he considered just fieci-ions- I doubt not, but, in the interest of fair pl-iy, exoeuti -n mast he taken to mch a nos3 :i'.;i] upon the inay shown in that match, as to require tlie exercise of the umpire's judgment to the extent of giring not less than Hi free kicks during the came. Of couree, umpires are «ot in fallible ! and muat certainly are to be com mended on all occasions in carrying out the rules strictly. In the match referred to the rules were drawn out rather too fine. The Launceston and Holbrook clubs met Saturday, June 11, on the territory of the latter club at Hobart, aud a well contested gao.e was tbe result during the first naif. After that theHobart club jumped c'.ean away, winning in the end rather easily by three goals to their opponents' n il. On the 25th of this month the Hotham teim play in Launceston, aud from information received, they will, if they bring their strongest 'earn, reqiiiie our very 'test strength in the North, to combine and go fertlj into the field to regards physique, staying and running poweri, compare favorably with any senior team in Victoria. The stronger tha team, the brtter for us. From the way our men have shaped lately— the recent North v. South match for instance— it is evident that with our strongest players, not one single man in that team will fail to strain every nerve and muscle to occupy the coveted position of having beaten a strong senior football club from the sister colony. The return North v. South match will ba played at Hobart on July 30, and after the capital game of two weeks, ago party spirit will run high, and the Northerners may rest assured that they will havs to face the Hobartonians with tha best available talent to stand tlie ghost of a show of winning. The Northern Juniors, who were so badly beaten at Hobart last Saturday week, have the consolation of learning that that match cannot be counted in the list of matches for the premiership of Tasmania, and for the follow ing reasons must bs annulled:— It seems that aLauncestnn senior player, being desirous of taking part in the match North v. South Juniors, requested permission to play, which was granted on the understanding that the Southerners added a player to their side ; this was done, and the respective teams played 21 men a side. Now rule 3 slates — 'Matches shall be played with not more than 20 a side, unless where handicaps are conceded.' To-morrow, the Queen's Jubilee Day, a novel gaice will be played upon the Association Ground between teams selected from tho City and South Launceston (combined) versus Launceston and T.R.C. (combined). The match is for a wise purpose, the benefit of tbe Association Acciiient Fund. The players selected to taku parti a this match will, I trust, feel it incumbent upon themselves to roll up so that the natch committee can form some idea as to who are the best men ia bs chosen to play in the match against Hotham ; in fact, I am given to understand tbat tbe asso ciation expect players to join in this game, and unless those picked do so they will stand a chauceof not being becured for the combination team. I am glad to note (if this be true) the stand taken by the association. Why should men be selected who disdain to take part in minor events ? No player should be indulged in a desire for the 'pickings' only. Hurrah for the 'Jubilee.' More fun is on the board ; to-morrow morning, on the Cricket Ground, a team from the premises of Messrs. Roles and Jones' and Congan's (com bined) play a team from Messrs. Dempster and Pearce's. It will be glorious fun to watch this match, played by the uninitiated, who have not time to indulge in the pastime as a rule. It will be a sight worth looking on at if the respective employers can ba coaxed into an exhibition of their prowess. Fancy the genial and burly Dempster with a roving com mission, with the jovial Falstaffian Roles, in the act of followiug, bearing down upon his opponents with the force end impetuosity of the municipal steam roli-er. Messrs. Peirce and W. Coogan will be tbe ' goal Eneaks ' for their respective establishments. The one thing required to complete the pleasnre of tbe game would be the engagement of ' our own' ''Jennings,' to act as central umpire. All joking apart, I trust tint such games will be encouraged, as they will not only prove amus ing, but health provoking to those who, from their sedentary occupations, have little time at their disposal to enjoy luxuries of this kind. Following in the same line as the above, on Wednesday afternoon next two matches of a special an i pleasurable kind will be played at Invermay, kindly placed at the disposal of the combatants by the association — Messrs. Walch Bros, and Birchall v. Combined Stationers, and Warehousemen of Patterson-street v. the Warehousemen of York-street. The former will no doubt be quite as jolly as the Dempster v. Roles match, while the latter will be on a more scientific basis, as a number of excellent players are to be found amongst the ranks of the rival warehousemen. Jubilee again! On thB Cricket Ground to-morrow afternoon the Launceston Second play a team from Hobart, the Carlton. An excellent game is anticipated. Last but not least, ' pushing from behind.' Now Tasmania was the first to put a stop prac tically to this unmanly style of play, and I trust that as the matter is again likely to be brought before the Victorian Association with a view of altering the rule, to allow the old rule to be put in force again, that Tasmania will stand firm, and prevent it by every means in their power. Our boys whilst in Melbourne fully displayed the benefits derived from play ing the gams without the use of 'pushing from behind.' They weie lauded upon all sides for tbe clever and fair way in which they played, and every game contested under the new system clearly shows that there is less danger than heretofore, and what is more, the public think so, too, by their attendance. I notice from the Sportsman (Victoria) that several captains of the most prominent Vic torian clubs have been interviewed, and the majority are wisely in favor of playing the game as at present, and contend that 'push- ing from behind' be strictly prohibited. In Tasmania it is well known what 'pushing from behind' has done ; it has caused many a hurt ; it has allowed the bully and cowatd to exert his spite against a more fair and scientific opponent who has previously bested him, and graver still, ' pushing from behind' has brought desolation to the homes of not a few. The public only last season were becoming ashamed of countenancing the game, and all due to this brutal and vile system of pushing. Now that it has] been abolished,: let it ba not for a year, but for ever. It is all very well to prate about 'want ot dash in the play' ard 'not being exciting enough without 'pushing'' is allowed. I emphatically deny that the alteration has in any way degenerated the popularity of the game. On the other hand it has elevated the game. It is causing a manliness to pervade throughout the ranks of our rising youths that will entitle them to the name of men, as well as of footballers, and give the game the position it is entitled to— the 'greatest of all British manly sports.' Of course, I am writing this as a Tasmanian, who has proved the effect of the two systems, and I appeal to one aad all in our island to put their foot firmly down upon any attetupts that may be^ made to revive a rule which is at once dangerous and contrary to every feeling of manliness or gentlemanlicess. 