GLEANINGS. It was resolved at a meeting of the Execu tive Council, on Wednesday morning, to gazette Monday and Tuesday, June 20 and 21. as Government and Bank holidays. If the actual rate of interest and present eco nomic conditions of life should continue, the population of England and Wales will have doubled itself in the year 1936 j and 50,000,000 of human beings will be massed witliin the streets and lanes of some 20 over grown cities, at the head of which will stand a Babylon of which, the world has never dreamed. Prince Bismarck's estate of Friedrichsfuhe, Lanenburg, Northern Prussia, ia troubled by ghosts. Most mysterious noises and visions baunt one of the chief forester's lodges, flaming swords strangely appear; and spirits rap all over the house ; so that the neighboring peas ants are in abject terror, believing the sighs to imply impending war and misery. Crowds from the country round hover about the lodge to watch the manifestations, and the whole place is demoralised. In the history of the great wars, we read of troops falling by the wayside—stout soldiers who drop from the ranks overcome with fatigue. In this instance, the men must be physically weak. In the forced marches, when the soldiers give way to overexertion, it is because the system relaxes from the un wonted drain upon its resources. In either alternative Womfe's Schnapps should form a portion of the camp chest, and a moderate use of this marvellous adjuvant will materially aid and inure the ranks to hardships. The first football fatality of the season comes from .Newport, says the Melbourne Evening Herald. About three weeks ago the Imperial Football Club engaged another local club, and during the play a fine young fellow named Pascoe, aged 21, was observed to suddenly fall, and appeared unable to rise again. Some of thd other players went to his assistance, and he was transferred to his home. Dr. Honman was called in and pronounced the case a serious one, stating that the lad's kidneys were rup tured. The assistance of Dr. Molyneux was also invoked, but both agreed that death must eventually ensue. This occurred on Saturday last. The real cause of the accident was due to the objectional practice of " boring" or "kneeing" indulged in- by some players— running with full force against an opponent with the knee raised. The following is the full text of the address to be presented to her Majesty the Queen by the women of South Australia.—" May it please your Majesty—We, your Majesty's lnyal and devoted subjects, the women of South Australia, respectfully tender our heartfelt congratulations on the approaching completion of the jubilee of your Majesty's reun. Amongst the numerous addresses which on this auspicious occasion will be submitted to you from all parts of the Empire, we venture to assert that our's will be second to none in sincerity of affection and earnest prayer for the welfare of your Majesty. As subjects of your Majesty we feel that the duties of the throne have, through joys and sorrows alike, been discharged fay your Majesty as never before in the long history of the Empire ; while.as women we deeply venerate those personal virtues and domestic attributes which have exercised so beneficial an influence on all classes of eooiety, and added lustre to your exalted position and to your reign. With the deepest respect we beg to subscribe ourselves on behalf of the women of South Australia, of who n have signed this address.—Your Majesty's devoted and faithful subjects, E. Smith, Pres ident ;• D. Howard, Secretary." The number of ladies who sign the address will be tele graphed to'England, 