SPORTING NOTES. [Br TRUMPAIOR. J The acceptances for the Onkaparinga are highly satisfactory as far as the jumping races aie concerned, but defections from the Cap eaid Hills Railway Stakes are more numerous than was expected. The triumphant march through the North of Topthorne appears to have convinced the owner of Arrow and one or two others, that a visit to Oakbank would be fruitless, but I am rather surprised at Echo, the South - Eastern horse, and Vanity not paying up for the CUD. Being in Melbourne last week I waa unable to write anything concerning the Onkaparinga weightB in last Saturday's Observer. Mr. Hughes had an indifferent lot to work upon, and the handicaps are built upon a flattering scale in consequence. Although Satyr is something like 2 st. behind the form of a horse like Lord Wilton, there can be no question about his right to figure at the top of the tree in this company, and he should be bad to beat in whichever race he runs. That Hill will prefer to start the old gelding ia the Cup to running and winning the Hnrdle Race with 11 st. 4 lb. in the saddle is more than likely. Satyr is generally believed to be a thorough master of the art of jumpiug, but he haB not yet been thoroughly exposed over hurdles, and his party are hardly likely to begin by sending him for a race with a big weight like 11 st, 4 lb. Topthorne has been a most fortunate purchase to Wyman, the bald faced chesnut having won eight races in succession. He beat Arrow comfortably in two races at Orroroo last week, and ia one of these he lost a deal of ground through striking a post. Since then Topthorne has won the Morphettvale Cut), and although he beat nothing he strode along in a very taking style, and looks all over a useful wear-andtear style of horse. His late victories entail a small penalty for the Cup, but of course it ia impossible to say at present whether Wyman will go for the Hurdle Race or the Cup. Should he start in the Hurdle Race I expect to see him go out a good favourite. Brigand was one of the best little bits of stuff that ever jumped a hurdle in thiB colony, but he ought to be a thing of the past by this time, and tbe party behind him will probably put their money on Rifleman. ThiB son of Patriarch is fairly smart when at his best, and although his legs are most unsightly he seems sound enough on them. Banker is quite a champion amoug hurdle racers in the South Eastern District, and I am very much impressed with hischanceforthisrace. At Alillicent lastweek he carried 11 st. 10 lb., and won the Hurdle Race easily, with Reprobate, 10 st. 5 lb., second. Taking the line through Reprobate this reads like good form, and I have not forgotten that the aged son of Croagh Patrick was quite at the top of the tree in his district in the days when Sir Patrick and The Agent were about. Doubtless these two improved very much after getting to Melbourne, but Banker must be a good horse, and at 10 st. 9 lb. (including a penalty) he is remarkably well handicapped. Tamanack must be a useful horse, judging by his upcountry running, but S wordhsh will be better off in the Steeplechase. Maude promised to develop into a good mare, but she has hardly sustained these promises. Exile is more at home on the flat, and Speculation is hardly good enough for the company. Student and Canute are not likely to trouble the Judge to hoist their number, and as far as I can see at present Banker and Topthorne are the best of these left in the race. The first named having been genuinely backed may be set down as a certain starter, but at present it is impossible to say what race will be chosen for Topthorne to figure in. Satyr heads the list in the Cup with 9 at., and in my opinion whatever beats him will win. Affluence, who ran so well last year, is not himself, but Mr. John Pile may be well represented by Nicholas. This horse ran well in the Metropolitan and Caulfield Cups in 1SS3, and he has been given a great chance at 7 st. 12 lb. Lower down Topthorn must be respected until he is beaten, and Exile is showing some form up country. In such a light handicap I have no liking for the bottom weights, and all well on the day, I think Satyr will take a deal of beating. At 12 st. 9 lb. Swordfish has keen given a really good show of winning his second Great Eastern Steeplechase. Last year, with 13 st. 4 lb., he ran second to Charcoal, 9 st. 10 lb. Now he meets the black on 25 lb. better terms, and the extra S lb, off his back should be of great assistance to Mr. Ryder's stout little brown. A horse that has safely got the Oakbank Course twice is always worth bearing in mind, and were 1 sure about his condition I should certainly give Swordfish my vote on this occasion. Charcoal ran like a really good horse in several races last year, but in the Hunt Cup and afterwards in Melbourne he cut up badly. On his May form he holds Hyperna pretty safe, but one feels chary of recommending Mr. Ralli's black after seeing him cut up so badly in Melbourne. Mr. Macdonald once thought Brown Eagle one of the best steeplechase horses in Australia, but so far Mr. Pile's horse has signally failed to justify this opinion. At the same time Brown Eagle has more than once run respectably in Victoria, and if he is really well on Easter Monday he may cut a good figure, as he is a good safe jumper, and possesses some pace. Sir Ewan is a useful plodder, but he does not seem partial to the Oakbank Course, and for this reason I prefer Hyperna. This useful son of Australian Buck is very safe, and has a fair turn of speed. He is in Mr. McFie's hands just now, and that gentleman will ride him. Huntsman II. is fast but uncertain, and in any case I should not trust him .to stay the distance. Banker has more than once ran well over fences, but he will have a race in him, and horse can hardly saddle up twice and win a race; like this. I am tola Maude can jump big fences, but this is a severe task for a maiden, and I should prefer the chance of Robin Hood. This little horse, when just out of the paddock, won a Steeplechase at Mount Gambier last July in very clever style, and he ought to be pretty well by now, as he has had the advantage of being in the St. Leonards Stable for some time. Convention is a good-looking young horse of Mr. Von Doussa s that should" turn out a fair chaser with time, and Alhambra is said to possess some form by those who saw him run at Edwardstown. Demon is rather too wild to show to advantage over the Oakbank Course. Picking the Great Eatern Steeplecase is a very difficult task, and at present I shall restrict myself to saying that the winner should come from Swordfish, Brown Eagle, and Hyperna, the former for choice if he is The Hills Railway Stakes proved a gilt to Trojan last year, and I daresay perhaps will start favourite this time; bnt if Wentworth is well on the day it will not surprise me if he carries Mr. Pile's colours to the front, Mr. MacDonald's horses were in very good form at Elsternwick on Thursday. .Lara fully atoned for his Caulfield defeat by just beating Menotti in the Shareholders' Cup, a stake worth something like £300. The field for thiB race comprised such good handicap performers as Kohai, Hogmanay, and Meteor, so that Mr. Crozier and his friends would probably get a good price about the son of Conrad and Miss Harriett. The other Coronet Lodge three-year-old Success was unlucky enough to be beaten by a head in the Shamrock Handicap, his conqueror being Beckwith, while Vascosa, New Fabian, ^ewtoaster, and a number of smart bones were in the field. Leporello won the Hurdle Race, and Misfortune the Steeplechase, while Stafford, who ran almost last at Caulfield in a similar race, turned the tables on Sorcerer and Ghost by beating thetn in the Selling Race. Nominations for the Jamestown Races, to be held on April 21, close with Mr. Correll, the Hon. Sec,, on Monday next. There are two races in the programme which should attract some Adelaide horses. These are the Jamestown Handicap of 50 sovs. and the Hurdle Race of 30 sovs. By-the by, I see the Club haa made a rule of its^own regarding the definition of a maiden horse. The Barrier Ranges Jockey Club intend holding their annual meeting on May 21 a ad 25\. The programme is a good one, and as the railway is opened to within 20 miles of Silverton Mr, John Pile and other Adelaide racing men are likely to be represented at the meeting. The principal prize is the Silverton Cup of 3 sovs. each, with 100 added, 2 miles, and the B.R.J.C. Handicap of 2 sovs., with 100 added, one mile and a half. There are some fair stakes in addition to these, and the Club ought to have a good meeting. Nominations close with Mr. R. B. Pell on Thursday, April 21\. With reference to the Ciub the Hon. Sec. writes me that duriug the last year £1.050 was given away in stakes, and they have still a credit balance of £100. The committee are trying to induce the Government to run a special train from Adelaide for the races at excursion rates. At the Albury Meeting oa Wednesday the Fulbam-bred colt Britanus, by Richmond— Britannia won the Mares' Produce Stakes, beating six others, The colt was a hot favourite, and won easily. The Albury Cup brought out a good field of twelve, and it fell to Beeswing 7 st. 7 lb. (Hales), with Abuse 8 st. 9 lb. second, and Allander 8 st. 1 lb. third. The winner is the property of T. Hales, and he was presented with the Gold Cup in the Stand after the race. Trident bas not accepted for the Sydney Gold Cup, so he and Nelson will only meet at weight for age during the Sydney meeting. Lord YVilton and The Levite are evidently going to Sydney, as they are nominated treely, the chesnut being engaged in all the weight-for-age races. The new owner of Tbe Telegram has nominated for several events. The V. A.T.C. had a most successful day at Caulfield last Saturday. The weather was simply lovely, and the attendance was very good. It was the worst day that backers have experienced for some time past. Not a single favourite won during the day, and scorces of backers went through the afteruoon without picking a single winner. To begin. Ghost was made an even money chance for the Selling Race, but the ugly old chesnut never seemed to take hold of his bridle, and Maroney won easily. Every one of the seven runners for the Hurdle Race was back ed, but Whalebone was the least fancied of the party, and yet he won with great ease from the favourite Goodwood. The winner is by Swordfish, and he bas run consistently for the past two months. The St. Kilda Cup broueht out a good field, the favourites being that good horse Kohai and the Coronet Lodge colt Lara, The latter was backed more because the stable were sanguine than on any form he has shown this se&Bon;, as since he won at Williamstown the sturdy little son of Conrad has not figured to advantage in public. Abase had the support of most of the Flemington people, and Pliaon had a good following. The race was run at a good [sound pace, Lesbia and Lara being in front until half a mile from home, when Cracknell drove Abuse to the front, and despite the efforts of Kohai and Phaon the light-weight won rather easily. Abnse is a very lazy horse, and Cracknell rode him all the way. With the winner out of the way Kohai would probably have won, but it would have been a close thing between him and Phaon, and Lara ran fairly well considering that he was disappointed once in the straight. Marmion, a very good-looking brown in FouUham's stable. waB voted real jam for the Steeplechase, but the outsider Sweetmeat stuck to him all the way, and finally outstayed by half a length. The favourite did not appear to finish very generously. The unlucky Bedouin was the favourite for the Federal Stakes, but he was not handled very nicely, and after a splendid finish Boz won by a head. The style in which the Bos#orth colt won this race stamps him a good honest colt-, and he certainly looks like developing into a fair outsider for the Derby. Mitrailleuse opened favourite for the South Yarra Handicap, but before the flag fell there was such a rush to get on Approbation that he left off quite as good a favourite as the New Zealand mare. Approbation had been tried with Vascosa and beaten the mare anyhow, but in the race he was done with before the distance, and Vascosa won easily from William TelL The result was a fair knockdown blow for backers, as 15 and 20 to 1 could have been had about the winner. By-the-by, Chicago is a horse that should win a good rase some day, and William Tell will do more service for tne Messrs, Miller. Mr. J. H. Aldridge has sold his horse Balaria, by Pride ol the Hills from Lady Fergusson, to a Western Australian racing man, aDd the horse has been shipped for his new home. I hear that since the V.R.C. Meeting Mr, Locke has disposed of The Telegram. The horses Lady Ca.rington, Huntsman II., and The Baron arrived from Melbourne pn Tuesday. T. Kain, the cross-country jockey, was also on board, and I suppose he will ride either Swordfish or Huntsman in the Onkaparinga Steeplechase. Mr. Jordan failed to dispose of his Wild Eagle—Rivalry colt at the autumn sales, but the colt was afterwards disposed of.privately, Mr. Joseph Thompson being the purchaser. The colt was in the paddock at Caulfield on Saturday, and he compares favourably in the matter of looks with any of the two-year-olds engaged in the next Derby. Another fine two-year-old I saw last Saturday was Royal Dash, by Richmond—Serenity. His hocks have given Mr. Leek a deal of trouble, and his trainer wisely determined not to attempt racing him this season. Mr. Stead changed his mind about selling Lochiel, and last week the Newmarket winner and Maxim returned to New Zealand. The crack light-weight Gorry did not ride at ^Caulfield last week, he having gone to Sydney with Hon. W. A. Lang's horses. Tomlin, who hails from Adelaide, is now nearly as popular as Gorry. This boy has risen with rapid strides Bince he had such a good time at Silverton last June. A telegram appeared laBt week stating that an Adelaide backer had failed to settle over the V.R.C. Meeting. The young plunger referred to is not an Adelaide man, and I suppose the mistake occurred owing to the fact that he was in the habit of backing Adelaide horses pretty freely. S. Cracknell roae Abuse to victory in the St, Kilda Cup last Saturday. This was his first mount for some considerable time, and Sam handled the horse in a style which shows that he is still able to hold his own with the best of his profession. Books have been opened on the Onkaparinga Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. The picks for the Hurdle Race have been somewhat numerous, bu< the only genuine business I have heard of waE in connection with Banker and Swordfish. These two were coupled on Taesday to win £500. The Messrs. Robertson have leased the steeplechase marej Reny to a patron of Tothill's stable, and a very nice two-year-old filly by the Englishman from Catspaw has been let to Mr. C. L. Macdonald for her racing career. 