THIS CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS -* • ; CHRISTMAS EVT5 Olinstmas fc,ve and Saturday night' The crowds were thick in every street. °The usu 1 baturday night loungers were lost in the v « numbers whivturued out to make their Christmas purchases. ? JSvery shun was full Then. , to bo nothing that everybody didn't want Perambulators wore so.numerous th at it wash/ possible to proceed with anything like comfort on the pavements. .To get into a tov shon „ !! muscle1 arid determination. ''Santa ilaus must have had a desperately busy time of it at ni°-lit placing all those Marvellous imitations of horses d'»gs sheep etc/, etc., otc.,; into all those tinv stocking^ hung up with such implicit faith 111 the' good ■' fairy. Other sho-w • ' ?|S • ; booksellers could ^ S . their Christmas cards fast, oiiougl,; the drape?" assistants rushed about to supply all those hoi day ribbons that will be;wanted for to-day's amuse men s till the perspiration poured In torrents from thun. The butclieis carved up; their b'ea'pts with alarming celerity, and yet" they'wdro tcVslo'v II riuterers, confectioners, and florists were just as busy. Eu-rS-one seemed liapp'y and.had plenty of money to sperm. 1 J L. Much to everyone's surprise tlio chimes did not rn.g o.it their usmd "lW and goodwill to all mankind/' but there was lots of music IWthcott 3 Baud occupied Baitlett's balcony' and played for nearly two hours. 'A barrel-oriran ground out its monotonous tunes a little further up the street. Two men who looked as though Itfo was a weariness tb'thenvondeaibred to add to the. amusement by playing ai. aeeorditiu and a violin, anA though th«' Tailed iniserably, the g. .odwill in the hearts o£ the pbo'ple made the ponce How in. A cripple in a go- cart sat'iiear tlw id change laying on-a. penny whistle and he too reaped-a haudsomo Christmas harvest. At Char ing Cross stood all the usual appliances for testing your luii^s your strength, and your weight, while j list behind them was an old friend whom parent* of families have long wished dead, disposing of hundred of those demoriaic whistles which for piercing shrillness surpass anything yet attained ou suburban railways in the early hours of morn laSr., Another man liaragued the crowd on the morits'of some irrosistable corn cure or soap or tooth powder. Out of tlie'. Mall towards Bridge-street, there wks a lull. The Chinese were not celebrating Christinas. Thu lottery tickets were marked and sold, their mysterious other games .were played and opium smoked just as they are every Saturday night.. ;The Caucassian may have discovered from stern experience that the larrikin is more dangerous in holiday seasons, and on that account have lain dark.' , : By ten o'clock the crowd had changed. The perambulators had thinned down considerably; tlie little ones had been taken 1 honie to b.'.l. . Some of the shop employes. had been! released;- ahd the number of silk hats arid Melbourne-cut clothes showed that the visitors were going to bo numerous. The weather was tlie only matter which caused concern. Thu moon had an ominous ring round her most of the night, and though at 12 o'clock it Kvas cool and clear, there was no certainty of fin« weathor. : Yesterday kept dry, and a strong wind blew from tlie south. It this continues it will bo fine to-day. Mow tliat the holidays have set in the platform at the railway .station daily presents a very ani mated scone. .; Within thu last day or two a large number of passengers lmve been arriving and de parting, each train being crowded with excur sionists. . On Sat irday evening thu crush on t he station was tremendous, the want of an extra platform beinz very keenly felt. The special train wliich left Mclbournu at 3.9 p.m , and which was timed to reach here at 0..r)(i p.m., did not arrive until half-past oight o'clock. The engine met with n mishap near the Woodend station, and on arrir tng Ht that station a fresh engine was procured and the journey resumed; but not before a deal of time •had beeu liwt. The traffic on tlie Daylesford lints jilso interfered >vith the other trains following, the special. Tlie ordinary and express trains were also about two hours late, they not arriving until after 10 o'clock. The Ecl.uC* tr .in was £ot off at 10.20 o'clock, and the Iiig'.ewoud and Kerang trains a few miuutes later. The remaining specials and the ordinary traiu followed at intervals, tlie latter arriving a few miuutes after twelve o'clock. CHRISTMAS DAY. In till the churches yesterday special Christinas services were held. At All Saint.;,' Holy Com munion was administered at an early service held at a <|uavtor to ei/ht, and also at the usual 11 oVtick - Bdrviuo, The Rev. J. Garlick preached from 2nd Luke, -Kth verse, in the morning, and from 2nd Luke, 10th and llthverscsin the evening. Tlie musical portion of tha service was excellent. III the mowing the anthem was distinguished by u fine solo, sung most earnestly by Sir, T.ajyse, aud'also by a melodious quartette for treble voices. At evenioiig,; during the offertory, Miss M. Davidson sang an excerpt from Gounod with great fervor, and tlia antliam, which was prefaced by a solo from Mr. Georgo Pallett, was full of deep thought and religious instruction. Sir, Oh. H. King was at tile organ. ■ Gounod's ''Mcsse -Solfinello" was suug by the Eaglohawk choir in St. Lebonous' O'nureh; the soloists were Misses Deehau and Gattanach, and Messrs. Hegarty and Scanlan. Handel's Hal lelujah Chorus was given at the end of the AJass. At St. Kiliaii's .Ciiurcli »o)emn high mass was celebrated - at six a.m.,r when the choir sang Mo,-.ait's No. 2, and as an offerer ' Auesto 1'ideles " At 11 o'clock Pontifical high uckj lyas u,-lebratad; Haydn's. No. 2 mass was rendered bv the choir, the soloists being Miss Sexton (soprano). Miss White (alto), Mr. F. Macoboy /(tenor), and Mr. Hipper (bass). As an offertory, Mrs. Jtiuilyn, Miss Anderson itjd Mr. F.-Macoboy sang Owans trio " Ave Maria." > The choir was assisted by Mr. K. Allen. At night ''Rmtiiial were celebrated. Neukoinm s £ balutans, wan sung by Misses Lonjjstaff and \Y lute, and - lr. and Mrs,'Tamlyn rendered Kosse s .uniting ol •Tantum Ergp.?! - Mrs. Tainlyn presided at, tliP orpm, and' at tho inorning service played as a voluntary "Tho Hallelujah Chorus, and at night " Unto us a child is born.'' , , Whilst the Rev. F. Leypoldt yasterday ofiiciated at Castleiuaius {on his usual inonlMy vu-it), tlie] Rev. H. Fischer, who lately arnved fn,i.; home, conducted divine derviee at tho local Gernijiii Church, taking his text in tlifl 'morning from the , epistle of Paul to Titup, 3rd chapter, • to i vorses. —" But after that the kindness and love f>f Ood our Savior towards man appeared. Isot by work of righteousness which wehavo done, but accoidmg to liis mercy lie saved us, by the wa*hm» of re generation and renewing of tho Holy Ghost. In tiie evening th.; preacher fleeted as is text from St, Paul to tho Galatians, 4th c'unter 1 to 7 "vsrses.— J say . a , nJrJuk' as lie is a ciHlddUrerethuutiungfro.n ! a servant though h« be lord of all. . Ihe rn. ^te^iSy referring. Wthe f-t.ve^son, liut the queatton h«w to obtain the pa t . : ihildron entitled to tlie inheritance in tlio house Jiold of God, and iiiswered it by stating Aot •through the law. but through Tesus Christ j T5rayera were offered up for the (vueen, tlu. •German Imperor, and for the ?i>eedy; reco^eo of she Crown Prince In addition to the usual Eiymus, two Christmas anthems were sung by the choir. Herr Dietrich presided at the organ. I Christinas services were hold in St. Pan sC vesterday morning and evening by the e e . Archdeacon JlacCulla-h. Tlie text in the morn ing was given from Luke,' ch. n- loth verse, Let us now gounto Bethleham. etc., with i to the context touching on the birth of Christ and attending circumstances, and tho resolution of tho sliephed to hasten to Bethlehem. Tho l>r^her "s'.rg-ed his hearers in a spiritual sense to 1. b * TJetliitihem and see what tlie sl>el'herds sa. . over-ruling providence of God was shown ill the "uircuniiiuinces of Christ's birth. A despo sa on the throne, and determined that , a census shuiild Jje taken; but instead of its belli' ta.ji. • day, lie resolved that each person ihe home of their childhood, and the cen, , -sus would be taken. All this ^°d [oiesaw and jii'ovided for. So when inaiij ] > rfrom Nazareth to Bethlehem. in obediuice to 'Ctesar Augustus, she arrived in tune ilie prophesies of Isaiah and of Micah B . years befor.i. The condition on which Christ'\\\ as bora was dwelt on. The only one who ,t). ni.,co time and position chose a stable for a b -p • > and poverty for a condition. This was an a "Ption of the best and of tin' worst of life. The best was human nature. The world can gi\o g , nobler, as man was created in tha ' • >3on of God, and htir of eternity. Tho his condition of poverty and a nieniber o/ a doM - troddim race. 'The object was to^ahow that mai, was superi/jr to his surroundings, . t was to be the Savior of admit the lowwi state so as to liiclndt ,. Another leading thought f nth-d .^leet any avail must be practical. What practical effect tlid Christianity produce . A ^ f 0 )]u press shou s that the fteneroua instmcu of })eoi II generally aroused on this parfeulai occa u£ the poor, t1xt> sulferiug, t'VV "r^ia,ls\\. ^ °f\ ROO are all benefited Uy the fact that ul)"<t ,, years ago a child wa«,lwm m a stable in BahU,^ lieiu. How many homes have bee •■ . brightened, and tears wiped thioug t wondrous birth. If no other e^ i , , r afforded of the pffect produced on 1;ho i'»U» the world bj- the birth in the mange • j j we read of in the pajx-r,, but a niaall 1"^ » ou d Zi SonfA'SM iie filled fitll wond«r "P f ^p^testciftHo thiuikthucr Heiven'-l'■'Hu'rfor^i^rreatestgitt >c\xvr best«W-ed upon -went was »;ade tha® y»e ~ ti„, „„!. whose hand woidd wield (the sceptre of the um . nnounce wuo.se nana wuujq watuu tv».^ - 4 . Vitsp, and' Vliose Kngdoai »'as to last for ever-| ^aore. In the evening the texc .was from 1st j Timothy, 3rd chapter, IGth -vorse. Oc each occa sion there was a large congregation, and special ''vums sung. The choir, in the jiiorniug, sacg aij anthem from Tsiah, liOth chapter, 1st, 2nd and 3rd Verses, and in the evening .tlie Halleluj^ii chorus." Tiie gingihg and playing were icnaark *™y good. T„ BOXING DAY. 1 lenty oT ainusemeut lia» bi-en afforded for the •holiday-makers to-day. The Caledonian Games, The £rii day's events of the St. Andrew's Society'* Annual Games will be competed for t-> Half-mile Handicap. J,■"in.men's iiyoram. , Safety Bicycle Race, and ll/y great Irish Wrestl ing Miuc.'i for Mr. T. Hoga<iij .valuable silver Clip. The. Im(icrial Band will be in ..ytteudance, and a distribution of gifts, now on view /it the «hop next Bartlett's, the photographer, will be '""W; , The jiublic &rj; reminded that iu order to participate in this distribution they must have purchased their tickets bi- fofvj, the day of the sports. The Kagikhawk Sports. Tho Eaglehawi Athletio Club will hold thefy urst day's gathering in Canterbury Park. Every.- 1 t~«ng connected with a eports celibrfltion has besa ' (June, and a capital programme will be presented, ihe x>rmcipal event will'bp a grand Shellield Han cucai) of 130 yards, the prizes amounting to £-10, Other events comprise professional bicycle race, publicans and aportsmana' purse (a luilf-mile han dicap), maiden race, butchers' race, boys" race, quoits, wrestling, jumping, etc. Special trains will rim to Eaglehawk at 10.5:. and 1 o'clock. A dis tribution of gifts will also bo made. ' Tim ilruns' l'i.AT Sports. Myers' Flak are going in strong for a big day's' sport. Their programmu will include a Sheffield Handicap of £39, Amateur Bicycle Race, Hurdle Race, hurling, woodcutting, putting weights, jumping and other events, in which is included a Chinese tng-of-war. A special train will leave Sandhurst for Myers' Flat at 10.53, calling at Eaglehawk, A special will also rim from Se bastian. FolllvSTEllS' riCNIC. " •: "!» The Foresters will, hold their now timo-honored picnic at Ravcnswood. There will be the usual gift distribution; ,.. On,the grounds there.lwill,]3e. a programme of sports carried out. Tills The.vtug. ; The old Sandhurst favorite, Mr. Gratfan Riggs, will commence, a' short sei>xoii at the ltoyal, i Princess Theatre,' under tlie management of the | Messrs: MacMahon. The opening piece is the ; emotional drama, " The Shadow, of a Great Citv," i which conies to us with a good reputation. ' Tho. j plot was published in Saturday's issue. ' The com-' : p.'my includes Misses Blanche Lowis, Addis Capper; GywimeHerrick, and Hydcii.'and Messrs." |F. 0. Appleton, Clias. 'Holloway, C. Seagrave, ;.r. Haslsw, C. Thompson, etc. Now scenery lias been brought- for the productior. of the' piece, and jtbe various mechanical effocts, with which the piece, abounds will be carefully worked. During* the day tickets for all parts of the house may be purchased at, the theatre. '>'1. ' ' '- ' St; ' James'Halu . ,ji For the first time for some years we are to have a pantomime, which' will' be produced at St. James' Hall. It is entitled " Harleguinj the,Fair One with the'Golden Locks," and is written liy Mr. F. Lucey. Mr. M'Duff lias beeir en gaged in jjreparing the scenery for 1 some time past. The'limelight and properties will | bo supplied by Mr. J. E. Coates, and the dresses l>y Messrs. Jagah and Lenna, Melbourne. On Saturday evening the company arrived in Sandhurst, and went through a very satisfactory rehearsal; aiid no doubt there will be a capital pro gramme presented this evening.- The company consists of Miss Lizzie Rosselle, the Magpie; Mr. Harry Glendale, the champion' skipping rope dancer; Mr. J. G. Currell (late of the Savoy Theatre, London); Messrs. Mnher, Muschali and Murphy, the three II.'s; Miss Julia Featherstone, as Columbine; the sprites being the Wilson Bros.; there are -Also Messrs.-F. Lacy; J. J. Funis, Tom Lily; Monty Thorutoi.; Miss Lydia Osborne, Miss Vincent,'M! Farrull and M'Jiluiston. The trans formation scene, which' has been designed and , executed by Mr. J. M'Dulf and assistants, was completed oii Saturday afternoon, and is a splendid piece of workmanship. ' THB FinKWORKS. At'tlia Show Grounds Professor Rrescotfc and Son will give a display of tiruwurks and will send up a monster balloon. Tho programme of fire works as submitted promises a good display. 'I lie ground will be brightly illuminaWd, and WJnt lum's band will be present. The following are the other events for to-day Ballarat Riile Club Christmas matehoa. Qmidrillu Party,Farriers' Arms, White Hills. Cricket match B.TJ. G. C. t. Ormond. Quadrille Assembly, ^Masonic Hall. 