THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. [ dreamt a dream that was not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Wrack of the Gro3venor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," [Published by special arrangement with ths author All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XYL -(continued). Hiram Weeks could not restrain hi3 curiosity. "Beg pardon, I'm sure, Mr. Fortescue, but if you've no better authority for be lieving survivors to be on the island than supposin' won't it "come to making this woyage a very expense job to you if you find that there's nothen living when you get there ?" " Let us get there first,",said Fortescue, with perfect amiability, but iu a tone which compelled Hiram to understand that the subject had been carried far enough. The skipper took the hint, and after a stare at the skylight and then a look at the tell-tale compass, and uttering a brief marine growl at the weather he went on deck. He was puzzled, and stood a minute in the companion-hatch, rubbing his nose and peering at old Stone, who stood to windward of the tiller clapping his breast for warmth ; he had half a mind to talk the thing over with the mate, be cause his curiosity had been excited by hearing Mr. Fortescue himself say that his principal object in making the voyage was to seek some friends in the far off island. "As how," he said to himself, "could he know there was any of 'em there ? for the mere hoping that they were there wasn't going to make a man spend all two thousand pounds and travel twenty [thousand miles and leave his duties ashore to take care of them selves ; but after contemplatively squint ing awhile at Stone, he reflected that; Mr. Fortescue would be annoyed if it came to his ears that the captain of his vessel wa<5 talking and arguing about him ; so instead he told the mate to go below and get his dinner ; and took his place on the weather quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bows to keep his eyes skinned, for, said he, addressing the seaman who was grasp ing the tiller rope. " Confound me, Barry, if this here smother isn't like a cauldron that I once saw bilin' in a theayter when a piece was being presented called 'Macbeth.' There was some old women collected around that job, and among other things I reck'lect of their chucking in was a lizard's leg and a Jew's liver, and tho blood of a sow as had ate her little una," ""Who wa3 goin' to swaller the likes of such broth as that ?" said the helmsman, whose mahogany face looked almost black in the dusky drizzle, and from contrast with the reddish beard that forked straight out over the collar of his oilskin coat. "P'raps them old women meant it for sailors.'" "It's not the broth I'm talking about," said Weeks, " it's the hallegory, if you know what that means. I say that this here smother is like the smoke from the cauldron I saw, only instead of ghosts coming up out of it, as they did in that theayter play, it'll be wessels to run againstand then, with a long look round, he felt for a piece of tobacco, and muttered, "two eyes ain't enough for a sailor. If nautical men had been taken into consideration when this here airth came blooming up into life out of nothen at all, 1 allow they'd have been treated as the peacock is, eyes enough to sleep with and keep a look-out with at the same time ; eyes for the head and eyes for the starn ; eyes like yours and mine for fine -weather, and eyes like a proper ship's glasses when it drawed up thick." *'That's about it, sir," said the other, "only you'd need to have eyes fixed where a man could use 'em when he was dressed. Sight 'ud be of little use, fair or foul, if a man had to blind it every time he put on his clothes." Weeks had reason to grumble, because those days of Channel thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the cold, nor the wet, nor the head wind ; it was having to be up and down all the time, seeing that everything was right, that the look-out was alive and keen, and so forth. He hadn't the shadow of a doubt that Mr. Stone was to be trusted up to the hilt; but the man was old as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wanted watching, at all events till the sky showed the road clear ; not because the spirit in perfection wasn't in Stone, but because the flesh that had been soaked for years and years in briny water might, now that it had been brought back to the old element, decline to prove particularly willing. The fruiter was but a little craft-00 tons ; larger in those days than she would be thought now, but small all the same, and offering a hull which a tall, lumpish East or WeBt Indiaman, or a massive frigate, French or English, or big warship of any nation, with bows like a cliff, thunder ing up Channel, or stretching north or south on a bowline, would run down with out feeling more than a "thud," just enough to make the look-out peer over the rail, and wonder whether it could have been a balk of timber or a buoy. Now and again a dingy sort of smudge would show out to port or starboard, and if the schooner was heading that way the blotch would take the shape and sab stance of a smack, perhaps, or a groaning old Sunderland pink bound to a French port, or a rakish Yankee brig steering for London river, driving with a curtsey out of the folds of vapor into open space, more like a toy than a real vessel, with her cotton- white canvas, skysail poles, white netting round her short poop, and the metal under her counter gleaming as though a glare of sunshine touched its wetness, when after a saucy frisk cr two she swung into the mist and faded out. But most of the craft the Golden Hope passed in that dreary, drizzling, bitterly cold and blowing time were just phantoms, oozings of shadows which never took shape, yet plentiful enough to make the daylight not to speak of the long houi-3 of darkness -formidable ; and a blessed hour was that when on the eve of the change of vreather Stone's and Weeks' noses, each with a crystal at the end of it, met close in the light of the binnacle, in the delight the men took to note that the wind had veered with a sudden leap to the eastward of south, and that the Golden Hope might at last be headed west by north half north, with the strong breeze that had been baffling her for five days now abaft the beam. 