FROM YESTERDAY'S THIRD EDITIOM. The- following, together with other items of news, appeared in ye»terd«y » Third Edition :— LATEST TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. BY.DNHY. bomo evidence was given before thebelect Committee inquiry into tho law for tho regu lation of the practice of medicine in tho colony has been published. It contains tomo extraordinary disclosure.-!. One Sydney specialist, who tent to America (or his uipioma, saui no uaii rcureu irom practice, anu was worth a lumtlred thousand pcuud. According to agreement between tho dif ferent intercolonial ' steamship companies, the rate for freight and passage money were yesterday increased. The railway authorities : aro considering the ndvisnbleucs of fitting goods (rains with con tinuous automatic brakes, and it is probable tlio idea will be 'carried into effect. One of the Chineso- Commissioner, at Cook- town yesterday, expressed himself very strongly against tho injustice of the proposed L100 poll-lax, and said if it were, ehlorccd by the Queensland Government his Government would retaliate by revision of the treaty. Clmrlesj "C.tptaiu" Jenkins, said to boa solicitor of tho 'llich Court of Chancery, pleaded guilty at the Police Court to-day of obtaining goods by false pretences, lie was sentenced to six months. There aro other charge jxmding against hint. The prisoner had previously served two sentences in l'entridgc. The jury at the inquest on the Fcnrith Ghost case resumed the enquiry to-day nnd further adjourned till Monday. The medical mm are still of opinion that the bone found art- human. ADELAIDE. At tho Criminal Court to-day Arthur Jnines Brunei! pleaded guilty to embezzling 1,75 of the moneys of the Bank of Adelaide, in which institution he was employed i\s ledger clerk. Mr Justice Bnucaus sentenced the prisoner to two years' and six (ninths' im prisonment, with Imrd labor, A Revere hailstorm occurred at Stirling West this inorning, and a heavy anow storm is now falling. This morning a number of Victorian and Svduey visitors to the Exhibition inspected llatdy'a Hanksido vineyard. After fruing r:uud the'estato luncheon wa-sheld. at which a number of toasts wore subm-ttod. . Tho weather is intensely cold, with light showers of rain falling at intervals CEKLONG. At the Cenctal Sessions Court this morning Itia Honor Judge Quintan passed sentence on the following:— James Miller, a youth, found guilty of receiving, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, and to bo kept apart from other prisoners; Neil Smith, for obtain ing goods ami money by means of a valueless cheque, and having been previously convicted was sentenced to twa years imprisonment. HOKSHAM. At the General Sessions before .1 uilge Casey, John M'Carlhy, for horsestealing was sen tenced to six mouths imprisonment. 