METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. There ii something in the (election of the Exhibition CotnmiiBion which shows the ■trange tendency we bare here to "rush after a fashion. No one will cavil at the Appoint ment of "the President or Vice-Presidents, but it must h Are'amused thoie who b&Te; seen so much of Mr, John Blyth in public since the pretent Ministry took office to find him amongst the chosen, and then to leek round for a reason for his inclusion in the team. ' I suppose Mr. Byron M)aro it* drawn into the circle becauBe he could not possibly be done without. For some years Mr. B. Moore has been a fashion, and while this is the case it is very dangerous to speak out, but nevertheless, one requires peculiar magnifying glasses to be able to discover the wisdom which is supposed to reside under his hat. I notice .that while Melbourne is very largely represented on the Commission, Mr, Gillies bas not remembered that the farmers should have some representation there as well as commercial and pastoral mep and politicians. Moreover, why should the municipal corporations be so ignored P These bodias have the means of furnishing most useful exhibits, and, to aecure their active co-operation, it might be well to ap point one or more of the town clerks of.the municipalities in and around Melbourne to seats on the Commission. The Trades' Hall Council are not a very h>ppy family. Neither are they very grate ful or consiatent trea towards each other. By a series of adroit manoeuvres Mr. Murpby, the late secretary, has not only been de prived of offiet, but elbowed completely off 'the board. Now, Murphy has done yeoman service for the trades in his time. Through his indefigable exertions, the eight hour** movement has become general in the colony, and especially in Melbourne, aad his capacity for organising has been Bhown in connection with many serious strike*. Whatever may be said of his manners and private ambition, I do not believe he could be charged with want of loyalty towards those whom he served, while the trifling remuneration granted him was a mere bagatelle. During hiB temporary absence from town, a meeting was held for the appointment of officers, and he waB passed over, and the society which be represented having collapsed, be is now occupying the position of a popular idol thrown from its pedestal in order that another, with less ability, but more of another quality, may be substituted. Then, as to consistency. What is to be thought of a public body that deliberately passes a resolution, condemnatory of the Melbourne Cent;nnial Exhibition, and whose President, a few days afterwards, acceptB a teat on the Boyal Commission and whose act is cordially endorsed by the very men who contended' that- the Exhibition was calculated to seriously damage the interest* of the working olasaes in Victoria ? Tremendous accessions to the colonial shoddy aristocracy are expected in connec tion with the forthcoming exhibitions. Mrf& Gillies is aware of this and it turning tbe situation to excellent account, politically speaking. Those wbo have returned from the Indo-Colonial Exhibition simple C. M. G's will be certain to be K.C.M.G.'s, and tho IbffiMnon lot who swim .in without a haft or fgSrT tail to their names, will have every show of securing the required adjunct. Sir Duncan Gillies will Bound well, so will Sir Alfred Deakin, the Gog and Magog of the the Conservative and Liberal parties in Vic toria, while rowdy Dow, C.M.G., will look really grand. Professor Pearson scoffs at a title so long as he is allowed to draw bit ■crew and write on I 41 culcha" for the periodical, press. The cdebrated Jimmy Thompson attached to Mr. Bosisto's suite, is said to have provided himself with a Windsor uniform, so that ho will be able to save time, expense, and trouble, when requested to kneel down to reeeive some token of-Her Majesty's pleasure. Its a fine country, this, It seema likely that after a good deal of shilly-shallying we are to have the Earl of Carnarvon once more bb Secretary of State for the Colonies. There is not muob cause _ for illuminations or th> throwing up of hats, for the selection has fallen upon perhaps the most out and out Tory of the Tory party, whose views could not .possibly be in accor dance with colonies existing under Liberal government. Bespecting the noble Earl, this is what Vanity Fair said nearly twenty years ago: " He believes in the original Tory creed, which teaches the maintenance of the prescriptive privileges of the intelligent and propertied few as the best method of govern ing the poor and unintelligent many, and contains damnatory clauses for the masses who refuse to believe in, or be saved by it; and now (1869) that that creed has been solemnly buried by its former professors, he walks like a grand and dignified political ghost among, a backsliding generation." Twenty years, I am sure, has not improved tne noble lord, so the colonies may hope for very little from his sojourn in Downing street. It is slated in commercial circles that the chief reason of tbe delay in the recent examination for University medical honors was the failure of the University authorities to obtain a " Corpse " for the candidates to operate on. As nsual, the authorities showed a great lack of worldly knowledge, for, if they had but inserted a shilling advertise ment in the morning papers, they surely would have been quickly swamped' with applications from people who either have dead or dying on hand. Considering there are so maoy thousands of mortality who sell their living friends for a trifle, there would be no limit to tbe number ready " to turn over an honest penny" from deceased relatives. . ' I have heard of shabby things before now but for utter meanness, commend me to the members of the Civil Servicc, who, not con tent with high salaries and important official positions, try to supplement their incomes by doing a little private business after hours. Mr, Templeton, the chairman of the Public 8ervice Commissioners, was charged in the House last session with doing actuarial busi ness for an Insurance" Company in tne even ing. and he did not deny it when Mr. Service tackled bim about it. Now I hear some young gentlemen, connected with one of the departments, eke out. their salaries by means of reporting for the evening papers. A certain schoolmaster, who has a literary turn, may do and does any amount of con tributing to the press, although, in order to induce htm to attend to his legitimate business, he was sent up, 'Country, to a bock woods district some Tears ago. This is bad enough, but what is. to oe. thought of Ministers of the Crown. clipping in, and working for a few additional stivers weekly to tbeir £1,500 or £2,000 a year, 0 tempor<x 0 mora.- - . 