The Devil at Maryborough. [The following is based upon what the Mary borough Chronicle makes its bave- yer-David on. There is a ghost playing the devil-or a devil play ing the ghost-or a human fool playing the ghost and the devil together, before a select crowd of awe struck gnishickers and gnashickers and special re porters- and all this happens around a church, where ghosts, like eggs, should be laid, and with which the devil is not supposed to be on good terms, because the devil always is next-door neighbor of the church,and next-door neighbors neverare friends. This particular spook has been sufficiently celebrated to get several paragraphs in both local papers written about it-Buch pars, as would make a travelling skeleton shed tears of jealousy over. So, if there are faults in the following, they will be faults in the facts, which is, of course, the devil's fault, as there won't be any fault in the beauty of the rhyme or the je ne sais quoi of the poetry, because there never is about my bard.-ED. FIG.] The Maryborough Ghost. The clouds fold up their amber sheen, The beetles buzz j Pair Luna peeps athwart the scene, Fair Luna does. If you dunno, you sorry coon, "Who Luna is-why, she's the Moon. Amid the evening's incense-balm, No ill can lurk ; There is a kirk within the calm There is a kirk. Know not a kirk ? Why, that's Shaksperean; It is a Church of Presbyterian. Between the ends of nature's sleep* The eve and dawn; When churchyards yawn with creepy-creep, "When churchyards yawn, If you don't understand this talk, I mean that then " The ghost doth walk." (Enter the Lunatic.) LUNY : " The ghost doth walk ? Hooray, hooray, Let me absorb my meagre pay." {Enter the Bard.) BARD : " The ghost doth walk ? Ob, ho! Oh, ho ! Bring forth the bowl that it may flow." LUNY : " Nay, bardie, nay, I spake the first, To see the ghost, and I'm athirst." BARD : " But your superior am I, And, 'pon my soul, I'm awful dry." THE BOSS : " Down, vampires, fight not in such weather, Tou both shall walk this ghost together. This ghost is not a fancied sprit Of weekly mellowness and wit; This ghost, I swear it on a book, Is real-Behold the Spook, THE SPOOK." (Everybody falls senseless, and the local Press tells the rest.) Beneath the mellow moon Where light and shadow, playing, Do amorously spoon, Their lovelocks thus belaying. In calm of golden light, The populace will flock, In hush of hallowed night, In pairs, to "do the block." No moss-grown walls nor ivy-mantled towers, No yews for owls to haunt, no owls to perch, A much more simple entourage embowers The Maryborough Presbyterian Church. Did ye not see it ? Nay, 'twas but a smudge Of a mad cloud upon the moon's bright face; Don't talk to me of spectres, I'd not budge For any spectre, or for all their race. I tell you ghost-talk is but arrant fudge! Ob, lor! ob, lor ! what's that, with fell grimace, That looks as if it owed a lifelong grudge To me for wrong that it can clearly trace ? Ker-reestiphor! Such a beastie for To go and alarm a crowd, And frighten one into his shroud. Its head is a snout, And its fangs stick out; And its eyes blaze with ire Like the limelights on fire ; And its head has such corns And a fine pair of horns; And its mouth always choufs; And its feet are both hoofs ; And, to finish the carol, Its body Is just like a barrel For toddy. Now mark the town in consternation, And held all in suspension, Such witnesses in combination The thing can't he invention. And all the wise-heads are laid level To see how they can lay the devil. The parties watch in turns, in turns, In grass they crouch and crawl, But nothing anybody learns, The ghost won't come at all. It seems his preceptB sacramental Require all meetings accidental. Their watching parties put to rout, Another plan is bid; They arm themselves and go about Just as they used to did. So that, by accident, some mug, May shoot the ghost with pistol slug. And, lo ! one night, all in the dark, Or, moonlight, I should book, When walking out, a young bank clerk Beheld tfae fateful Spook ! Yes, 'twas this banking mortal's mission To see this mocking apparition. On wall of Presbyterian Church Its shadows made a rare rent, And yet (he was within a perch) The spook was quite transparent. For this bank clerk, right through its all, Could see the Presbyterian wall. Then out from his capacious pouch (I mean the bank clerk's, he It is who tells what I avouch), He pulled his short fusee. Like good King Arthur and the grail, He prayed his aim might never fail. Just then, from bush close by, there sang A wakeful Kookaburra; He took his aim. He fired. A bang. An answering " gurra-gurra " Yes, with such black-art fiendish chaff, The impious ghostie dared to laugh. " Gur, gurra, gurra !" And to show How useless was his crack to him, That ghost impertinent did throw The bank clerk's bullet back to him ! Nor was this done but once; I see He did the same trick three times three. With thoughts of Michael Scott within His young financial crown, That most bewildered clerk did spin Like lightning to the town. And told his tale unto a host, Who ever since have sought the ghost. The bravest in that Mary town, Each man to each doth bind him; They seek him up they seek him down, But they can never find him. The bank clerk, must have seen the Spook, He swore it on a cookery book. They've searched the country, mile by mile, Their noses strange tracks kissing, They've done the thing black-tracker style, And still the ghost is missing. And while they thus the spectre stalk, I merely say,<e The ghost don't walk ?* ? " SPEAKING about the artist who painted fruit so naturally that the birds came and pecked at it," said the fat reporter, " I drew a hen that was so true to life that, after the sage threw it into the waste paper basket, it laid there." ME SWANWICK receives Resident and Visiting Pupils to pre pare for all Legal and University Examinations, St. Mary's Kangaroo Point, Brisbane. 