. MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (from our own correspondent.) Ammfit 29. : Nothing better testa the calibre of a politician specially if lie be a Minister, than his manner of receiving a deputation. The poults aimed at are to give a smooth, comforting, non-committ- inc reply, which shall lead the inemeriftceed deputation to believe they have gained every - tiling, and to raise no bustles, but leave every body the pleasant feeling that he has been most generously received, and that tbe Minister recognised Ms as betagtifa speech of the cere mony. And though each has a distinct and individual style, three of the members of the present Ministry are entitled to establish records " for supremacy in the art of deputa tion receiving, and these three are Messrs. Dow, Deakin, and . I give the .supremacy to - Mr. Dow simply on account of that sublime ex pression of absolute ignorance asking for enlight enment, which he has always at command. "When hi takes his seat in the long room -at the Lands Office in the .centra of his satellites he looks the personification of intellectual helpless ness. He gazes at tbe army before him as though he would say " Gentlemen, tear me to pieces ; if yon will draw fate for my garments I am content, if only I please you all." But if yon look into the apparently passive oounteuanoe deeper, you will note io it a good deal of that V over tbe left " leer which distinguished Poe's Raven, and will realise that the bland receptiv- ism shining out of tbe rugged countenance with its genial expression or permanent surrender to aU demands fa really an artistic bit of humbug, and the beauty of it fa tbe deputations never realise how delightfully they are bring had until it is all over and just when they think they have talked him into the giving frame of mind a few sentences poured cut from the chair show that the Minister bos a bigger grip of the subject than any man in the room and that the " coa- rideration" he promises is much like that of the lady- who has determined tbe date of her wed ding day before the bashful Charles proposes. A splendid fliustration of this ' was afforded by the squatters' deputation last week anent tick in sheep. The deputation pointed out their arguments bat got no glimpse of the Minister's meatel subsoil -until just near the end when they suddenly realised they had wasted their breath. For Mr. Dow remembered that in Kara Kara there are many small farmera and land-owners who have votes, and that in these days no longer does tbe local squatter rule the election, and that some of hfa colleagues were so positioned that it might be exceedingly awkward to ask them to oppress the poor settler if there fa aoy oppression involved— by compulsory legislation for the benefit of tbe gentlemen whose sheep are as the sands of the sea shore in multitude and who have their cattle upon a thousand uuas. - on sue aopawwiB nxmvea too usual answer— there fa not a definite promise conceiv ing any important matter on Mr. Dow's depart mental record— sad vanished as disgusted sa a ghost at a cock crow. Mr. Deakin's method Is more statesmanlike, butmotneariy so muchfon to the spectator. It may be described an "the simple sportsman .phrase the art of cresringthe scent. His great aim is to throw the deputetfanbte off tbe pur suit of the quarry they have in view and let them waste their eloquence <w some issue less' material. When men speak of what they have long considered, debated, and weighed, then arguments are apt to beombarrasring to a Go- vammwit s hut set them talking on a side issue mid they will all follow, one another like sheep through -the wrong hoie in the fence. This gives the clever dialectician ah opening, and by confuting thafasues,Jtiie reply wfaeai it fa & re fusal, has its abruptness minimised, and- the - deputation dsfa wotii-fhe idea, "Well we haven't gotMtemnto Kut it fa. evident: he findeiawfime foniatioa and will do what; he efaaSwjSHSjjwhftw' ilrtfre as a reridiuma. rejected ones mid . of the imps wsrro- lacjwSmwIhe.Tressniyriiest. fie rite tifanfcKsassrget for the missiles of the depute-'; en ireoicriam9e, >B some more ? thap .xkdinufiygUnag mifrfrtetesneat fa ' made."flite' across thehald fifa shd. zioF- and tfiaLrwffi«veq>otetinkwsycfdO0creriioii. Hfa janewBCi ;are generally Aluhfc wfasds.deir and unequivocal, andn the majority .«es are right andjost imdrihhomto jmproifatfaipqr- tuhfijy.'Baf; .TauIoo .,winningwsys, and ; by the nqwur hf giving, ' etei the inqpcfanteUie leaves fa xnnch that expressed by a country de- putatiomst on leaving the presence chamber a few weeks ago : " I'd like to smash his blooming 'ed, that I would, and then jump on him, and then boil hfa bones !" " Acbeing for a fight pretty well describes ihe adventures of the king of Victorian' writers on athleticism aud a few brother sports recently in the environs of Mordialloa A fight had been arranged, a regular stand up, straight out, with no akin gloves or other sophistications about it, but just a regular old Tom-cat-like slogging match. To elude the constabulary, a start was made in two vehicles, one a passenger one, in which were seated tbe gentlemen who feel their hearts blood stirred at witnessing a friends two eyes knocked into one and his nose into hfa month; the other, a bearse for the pur pose of conveying the members of the ring, the provisions, and tbe necessaiy medical com forts for the killed and wounded. The " Pro fessor" volunteered to the charge of the latter, for on any stage there is nothing he can tackle with greater confidence than pro visions, but the athletic who loves the ''fancy," and always likes to stop with his fancy, started in the van. The way to Mordialloc seems easy enough until you try it in the dark — I was bushed there io a buggy for two hours onoe myself— and so it happened that the cheerful passenger trap jogging along gaily, its oocupsnte foil of expectations of the coming frayand something " with a dash it it," became separated from tbe provision train. At length, when they got thirsty they searched for tbe Professor, bnt searched in vain. Wat of foot bnt dry of month, without bite or sup, they wandered through long, damp grass, patches of soddened sand, patches of furze and ti-tree stumps, ruts and drains, along tracks which seemed endless and led nowhere, in paddocks odorous with manure fed drains, on clay patches where water stood and soddened them, over fences which seemed as though every rifiah fiend had been summoned to barb each splinter. Now and again a smothered curse, showing that another good man had gone wrong in a drain, freighted the night air, and then chill, and hunger, and thirst and discontent were aug mented by the nipping and eager air, which Kendall decribes in the verse — " A strong sea wind cams up and sings Across the blown wet border." searched with equal cariosity the empty stomachs and pookets of the straggling party. How deeply they cursed that Professor until, bad he heard them, he would have been com pelled to wrestle tbe lot in batches of two at & time for the hononr of Australia, and how over joyed they were when, as the day star moved on high, tbey found him like a warrior taking bis rest amonst those provisions with only a cue or two consumed. But soon the cry was in stakes BUU up iUjTOO, «M)U. JUSt Utl llU&L; JUOObUlS VUU active and intelligent officers of the local police appeared on the scene quite perm'RCooos-like, and over tbe anbseqaeat proceedings I let fell a veiL But I should like to know if an all. night cruiae of this character can properly be described ea training for a fight. 