JAN VEDDER'S WIFE. BY MES. A. E. BARE. CHAPTER XII.—SNORRO AND JAN. Nothing interfered with Margaret's plans. During the three intervening days, she went as usual to Dr. Balloch's. Twice she tried to introduce the subject of Snorro's singular journey, and each time she contrived to let the minister see that she connected it in her own mind with Jan. She noticed that on one of these occasions, the doctor gave her a long, searching look, and that the expression of his own face was that of extreme indecision. She almost thought that he was going to tell her something, but he suddenly rose and changed the subject of their conversation, in a very decided manner. His reticence pained and silenced her, for she almost longed to open her heart to him. Yet, as he gave her no encouragement, she was too shy, and perhaps too proud to force upon him an evidently undesired confidence. She determined, however, to leave letters for him, and for her father, stating the object of her voyage, but entering into no particulars about it. These letters she would put in Elga's care, with orders not to deliver them until Saturday night. By that time Margaret Vedder hoped to be more than a hundred miles beyond Lerwick. In the meantime, Snorro had reached Portsmouth, his journey thither having been uneventful. " The Retribution" had arrived two days before, and was lying in dock. At the dock office a letter which Lord Lynne had given him, procured an admission to visit the ship, and her tall tapering masts were politely pointed out to him. Snorro went with rapid strides toward her, for it was near sunset and he knew that after the gun had been fired, there would be difficulty in getting on board. He soon came to the ship of his desire. Her crew were at their evening mess, only two or three sailors were to be seen, Snorro paused a moment, for he was trembling with emotion, and as he stood he saw three officers come from the cabin. They grouped themselves on the quarter-deck, and one of them, taller, and more splendidly dressed than the others, turned, and seemed to look directly at Snorro. The poor fellow stretched out his arms, but his tongue was heavy, like that of a man in a dream, and though he knew it was Jan, he could not call him. He had received at the office, however, a permit to board " The Retribution" in order to speak with her commander and he found no difficulty in reaching him. Jan was still standing near the wheel talking to his officers as Snorro approached. Now that the moment so long watched and waited for, had come, poor Snorro could hardly believe it, and beside, he had seen in the first glance at his friend, that this was a different Jan somehow from the old one. It was not alone his fine uniform, his sash and sword and cocked hat; Jan had acquired an air of command, an indisputable nobility and ease of manner, and for a moment, Snorro doubted if he had done well to come into his presence unannouneed. He stood with his cap in his hand waiting, feeling heart-faint with anxiety. Then an officer said some words to Jan. and he turned and looked at Snorro. " Snorro 1 Snorro 1" The cry was clear and glad, and the next moment Jan was clasping both his ®ld friend's hands. As for Snorro, his look of devotion, of admiration, of supreme happiness was enough. It was touching beyond ail words, and Jan felt his eyes fill as he took his arm and led him into his cabin. " I am come to thee, my captain. I would have come, had thou been at the end of the earth." " And we will part no more, Snorro, we two. Give me thy hand on that promise." " No more, no more, my captain." " To thee, I am always ' Jan.'" "My heart shall call thee'Jan,' but my lips shall always say,'my captain,' so glad are they to say it! Shall I not sail with thee as long as we two live ?" " We are mates for life, Snorro." Jan sent his boy for bread and meat. " Thou art hungry I know," he said; " when did thou eat ?" " Not since morning. To-day I was not hungry, I thought only of seeing thee again." At first neither spoke of the subject nearest to Jan's heart. There was much to tell of people long known to both men, but gradually the conversation became slower and more earnest, and then Snorro began to talk of Peter Fae and his marriage. " It hath been a good thing for Peter," he said ; " he looks by ten years a younger man." " And Sdneva, is she happy ? " " Well, then, she dresses gayly, and gives many fine parties, and is what she likes best of all, the great lady of the town. But she hath not a bad heart, and I think it was not altogether her fault if thy wife was " " If my wife was what, Snorro ? " " If thy wife was unhappy in her house. The swan and the kitty wake cannot dwell in the same nest." " What hast thou to tell me of my wife and son ? " " There is not such a boy as thy boy in all Scotland. He is handsomer than thou art. He is tall and strong, and lish and active as a fish. He can dive and swim like a seal, he can climb like a whaler's boy, he can fling a spear, and ride, and run, and read ; and he was beginning to write his letters on a slate when I came away. Also, he was making a boat, for he loves the sea, as thou loves it. Oh, I tell thee, there is not another boy to marrow thy little Jan." " Is he called Jan ?" " Yes, he is called Jan after thee." " This is great good news, Snorro. What now of my wife ?" Snorro's voice changed, and all the light left his face. He spoke slowly, but with decision. She is a very good woman. There is not a better woman to be found anywhere than Margaret Vedder, The minister said I was to tell thee how kind she is to all who are sick and in trouble, and to him 6he is as his right hand. Yes, I will tell thee truly, that he thinks she is worthy of thy love now." " And what dost thou think 1" " I do not think she is worthy." Why dost thou not think so 1" " A woman may be an angel, and love thee not." " Then thou thinks she loves me not ? Why ? Has she other lovers ? Tell me truly, Snorro." " The man lives not in Lerwick who would dare to speak a word of love to Margaret Vedder. She walks apart from all merry-making, and from all friends. As I have told thee she lives in her own house, and enters no other house but the manse, unless it be to see some one in pain or sorrow. She is a loving mother to thy son, but she loves not thee. I will tell thee why I think." Then Snorro recounted with accurate truthfulness his last interview with Margaret. He told Jan everything, for he had noted everything—her dress, her attitude, her rising color, her interest in the locket's chain, her indifference as to his own hurried journey, its object, or its length. Jan heard all in silence, but the impression made on him by Snorro's recital, was not what Snorro expected. Jan knew Margaret's slow, proud nature. He would have been astonished, perhaps even a little suspicious of any exaggeration of feeling, of tears, or of ejaculations. Her interest in the locket chain said a great deal to him. Sitting by his side, with her fair face almost against his own, she had drawn the pattern of the chain she wished. Evidently Bhe had remembered it; he understood that it was her emotion at the recognition which had made her so silent, and so oblivious of Snorro's affairs. The minister's opinion had also great weight with him. Dr. Balloch knew the whole story of his wrong, knew just where he had failed, and where Margaret had failed. If he believed a reconciliation was now possible and desirable, then Jan also was sure of it. Snorro saw the purpose in his face. Perhaps he had a moment's jealous pang, but it was instantly put down. He hastened to let Jan feel that, even in this matter, he must always be at one with him: " Trust not to me," he said; it is little I know or understand about women, and I may judge Margaret Vedder far wrong." " I think thou does, Snorro. She was never one to make a great show of her grief or her regrets. But I will tell thee what she did when thou wert gone away. In her own room, she wept over that chain the whole night long." " That may be. When little Jan had the croup she was still and calm until the boy was out of danger, and then she wept until my heart ached for her. Only once besides have I seen her weep ; that was when Suneva accused her of thy murder ; then she took her baby in her arms and came through the storm to me at the store. Yts, she wept sorely that night." Jan sat with tightly- drawn lips. " If it will make thee happy, send me back to Lerwick, and I will bring thy wife and child safely here. Thou would be proud indeed to see them. The boy is all I have told thee. His mother is ten times handsomer than when thou married her. She is the fairest and most beautiful of women. When she walks down the street at the minister's side, she is like no other woman. Even Peter Fae is now proud that she is his daughter, and he sends her of the finest that comes to his hand. Shall I then go for thee ? Why not go thyself?" •' I will think about it, Snorro, I cannot go myself. I received my promotion yesterday, and I asked to be transferred for immediate service. I may get my orders any day. If I send thee, I may have to sail without thee, and yet not see my wife and child. No, I will not part with thee, Snorro ; thou art a certain gain, and about the rest, I will think well. Now we will say no more, for I am weary and weak ; my head aches also, and I fear I have fever again." The next day Jan was very ill, and it was soon evident that typhoid fever of a long and exhausting character had supervened on a condition enfeebled by African malaria. For many weeks he lay below the care of love or life, and indeed it was August when he was able to get on deck again. Then he longed for the open sea, and so urged his desire, that he received an immediate exchange to the ship Hydra, going out to Borneo with assistance for Rajah Brooke, who was waging an exterminating war against the pirates of the Chinese acd Indian seas. The new ship was a very fine one, and Jan was proud of his command. Snorro also had been assigned to duty on her, having special charge of a fine Lancaster gun which she carried, and no words could express his pride and joy in his position. She was to sail on the 15th day of August, one hour after noon, and early in the morning of that day, Jan went off the ship alone. He went direct to the Post Office, and with trembling hands, for he was still very weak, he dropped into it the following letter ;— MY DEAB WIPE—MY FAIR DEAB MABGABET— I have never ceased to love thee. Ask Dr. Balloch to tell thee all. To-day I leave for the" Chinese sea. If thou wilt forgive and forget the past, and take me again for thy husband, have then a letter waiting for meat the Admiralty Office, and when I return I will come to Shetland for thee, Snorro is with me. He hath told me all about thy goodness, and about our little Jan. Do what thy heart tells thee to do, and nothing else. Then ther« will be happiness. Thy loving husband, JAN VEDDEB. A few hours after this letter had been posted Jan stood on his quarter-deck with his face to the open sea, and Snorro, in his new uniform, elate with joy and pride, was issuing his first orders to the quarter-master, and feeling that even for him, life had really begun at last. Do not govern too much.—J. P. Sichter. Man's divinest life is the result of his sorest pains.—Dr. H. Macmillan. —Time, with all its celerity, moves slowly on to him whose sole occupation is to watch its fight. What a teacher says will do much ; what he does will do more; but what he is will do most.— F. J. Gladman. Faith trusts straight through. A friend whom you will trust only as far as you can see him is surely not trusted at all.—Anna Warner. Friends beautiful in life are still more beautiful in death. They rise so high that their faces seem to catch the pure beams of eternity like mountain tops the first light of day.—J. Gynddylan Jones. The power of the love of Christ has been displayed alike in the most heroic pages of Christian martyrdom, in the most pathetic pages of Christian resignation, in the tenderest pages of Christian charity.—Lecky. Never was faithful prayer lost at sea. No merchant trades with such certainty as the praying saint. Some prayers, indeed, have longer voyage than others; but then they come with the richer landing at last.—Gurnall. I want Christendom to believe less in money and more in the Holy Ghost, to believe less in splendid organisations and more in divine influences, to believe less in cisterns and more in water.—J. Cynddylan Jones. When we are time-bound, place-bound, or person bound, so that we cannot compose ourselves to make a large solemn prayer, this is the right instant for ejaculations, whether orally uttered or only poured forth inwardly in the heart.— T. Fuller. 