rRUMBS. I The country all round about Hay is undo water. The rabbit pest is increasing in the Forbes district. Reefing prospects at Kimberley are said to be improving. Yictoria has already expended four millions upon her defences. A Chinaman has been roasted alive at Shepparton, Yictoria. It is generally believed that Stanley, the explorer, is not dead. The shearers and rouseabouts are on strike at Dunlop, Bourke district. Twenty-six Peers have formally protested against the Irish Crimes Act. The income of the Parramatta council has doubled within tho past five years. The farmers in the ? Deniliqain district believe in protectiou on gr»iu only. ' It is expected that seclion 4 of the illawar ra railway will be completed about a week hence. The railways in Victoria returned a nett revenue of £1,125,000 for the financial year, 1887-8 Mr. Robert M'Donald, district surveyor at Hay; has been appointed a membr ; of the local land board. The Umbria has made the quickest passage on record, having crossed the Atlantic in a little over six days. Lord Tennyson is reported, says Truth , to have received £700 from Mesars. Macmillan for his J ubilee Ode. The county of Antrim has been proclaimed under the Crimes Aot, which now embraces the whole of Ireland. \- Mr. Henniker Heaton proceeds to Italy next week on business relating to the Aus tralian-Postal service. ; It is proposed to establish a public school at Maude, Murrumbidgee river, in lieu of the existing provisional school. The Victorian budget presented on Monday night, by the Treasurer. Very satisfactory. A surplus of £104,830 to the good. A man of oolour stabbed several females at a lodging-house in Liverpool, having been bidden, he said, to ' cut women down as ofnVkKlft '' The Bulli widows deny that they approve of the proposed mode of distribution ot' the fund, and have submitted a protest to the central committee. ' While searching for the outward and visible signs of a ghost at Sydenham, near ? Penrith, the police came across a quantity of partially burned human bones. During the thirty years which have elapsed since the opening of the first telegraph line, ; seven miles long, in New South Wales. : 20,797 miles of wire have been erected. The Pope in writing to the Pontificial Secretary for State, amongst other matters, , y says he would be gratified if he could make the influence of the church felt in the colonies. - ' When I wus a young man,' says Josh Billings,, ' I wus always in a hurry to hold /; the big end of the log and do all the lifting. Now I am older I seize the small end and do all^ the grunting.' Michael Davitt has presented commemor ative medals and chains, together with a \- = money reward, to the woman who resisted the baiiiffs commissioned to execute the Bodyke evictions. The unemployed agitation in Melbourne has completely collapsed since the announce ment was made that the contractors of Watt-S River' Aqueduct had employment for i any nmtiberbf men.' Another shooking tram accident took place on Friday night. Eveline- Mary: Bertridge, 11 years of age, was -killed shortly after five o'clock at the Pitt- street entrance to Beilmore ? Park by a Newtown tram. a ;Littie;Dlot::,, Mamma, Dickis kissing me.' Mamma : ' I am glad he likes you so well, dear.' ' But it isn't w'ight.' ' Oh, it don't matter, pet. What makes yp.u think it isn't right ?' ' Cause jiuraie told papa so; ' ( ; oi:/It .is estimated that- 312,000 copies of General Grant's ' Life ' have been sold in America. This - represents -an- exchange of 2,808,000 dol. As far as can be ascertained, th'e prdfits exceed 706,600 dol.,:of which Mrs. ?? 'Gfoit' has received 70 per cent. ' t \ ^i^endment8 in the Irish Land Bill,1 which admit of the revision of judicial rents, and provide for the - withdrawal of the bank ruptcy clauses, vwerei 'announced in the House of Commons on Thursday night. Mr. Parnell approves of the amendments. ; , -Mrs. Mephan, charged with the. murder i of iher - sister, Mrs. Callow, -at Wangaratta, Victoria, has been committed for trial on the 2nd September ; the finding of the jury being ? '--„ that the deceased had died from fracture 'of thte skiill, caused byinjurjies inflicted upou her by Bridget Mephaav who .was -guilty of wilful murder.' The Rev. Father ' Hahrahan, lately ordained, and who has been in Goulburn for the' 'last ? few: days,' has- been appointed to the -'Tumut mission ; and Father 'Lane of Tumut. will be transferred to Crookwell. Respecting a rumour which has got afloat regarding Father Gallagher's removal to Wagga we learn that such was at least premature. TKei celebrated composer Wagner, when in Naples' was troubled, it is said, with a head ache, so he sent to have his hair cut sliort. When the barber received the summons and heard its purport, he sold every prospective frair of Wagner's head to his admirers getting v?half the money down. To the barber's intense chagrin, Madame Wagner witnessed the operation and appropriated the whole of the severed hair to -her-own use. What was to be done? The hair-dresser made a clean breast of it to madame, and she suggested ^that a butcher round the corner had the same .: kind of hair as her husband. : And half Naples slept that night with the hair of the batcher under its pillow, 