Over the Clock. Puf.mminauy hnaineKa on Thursilay last was brief and unimportant, nud tho Houso Bpoodily went into Committco of Supply to reHtiino consideration of tho ostimntcs. Tho first vota was that for roads and bridges, but Mr. Macrossan initiated a discussion on tho flnanolnl stato of tho colony with Bpociaj rofcronco to tho supplementary budget and estimates. Having .been infonnod by tho Troasnrcr that ho proposod to offer iho Trea sury Bills in tho colony at tho rato of 4 por cont, tho mombor for Townsrillo doubtod whothor tho bills conld bo got rid of in tho colony ns pooplo with money to invest look for moro than 4 por cont. Ho mado oat that tho Government had been grossly extravagant, that during tholr tenure of offico thoy hud incurred AT,' 290,000 of oxtraonlinary oxpondt- turo, and lind inoroasod tho ordinary expondi- tnwi from AH2.08U.000 noruunumto 3,300,000. Indulging iu tho " I-told-vou-so" argumentho complalnod that whon ho nnd pointed out tho oonrso of tho Govornmont as tho high rood to destruction, his had been liko tho M voicoof onooryingin tho wilderness" to which tho Govornmont paid no hcod. Tho Premier ro- tortod that Mr. MuoroKsnn liad oxnctly boon liko ono crying tho wildornoss hocauso lion, members know how much foundation tlioro was for his diatribes nnd lamentations. Tho finances of tho colony ho contended woro not in a vory bad way when aftor throo years of a drought worse than cvor exporioncod in Australia tho colony had emorgod with only a loss of a sixth of a year s inoorao. Had tho hou. mombor for Townsville, Sir Samuel added with point, been in oharge of tho Works .Department tho colony would havo a good doal further to lcoward. Tho Leader of tho Opposition took np tho talo of donuuoiatiou oi extravagance, and whllo admitting tliat thoro had been u drought lusistod tliat tho Govornmont had erippled tho country still further by tho introduction of tho Land Bill which had proved an uttor failuro. Ho, too, nuostioned whothor tho Troasury Bills conld bo got rid of in tho colony, and if thoy woro it would ho hold bampor tho floating of tho next loan in Eng land. Tho ox-Ureasuror, Mr. Diokaon, thought it was only fair to como to a dofonac of tho Govornmont'e financial policy, but ho mado a humourous contrast of tho gloomy view whloh tho Fromior had taken of tho finanoos in August lost, whon ho (Mr. Dickson) rosignod, and now, nftcrtho Promicr had boen throe or four months in tho Treasury. Mr. Diokson was, howovor, snd oror tho rovonuo dorlvod from tho Land Act, and aBked if it was so bad that tho Fromior did not caro nt prosont to submit to tho Committoo tho truo position of tho land rovonuo for tho proBont fjpfrwninl ycari Ho harpod on tho nooossity for moro oxtonelvo land salos, and insisted that tho £50.000 for central sugar mills and £100,000 for tho rabbit fcnco should not havo loadod rovonuo but boon oharged to loan. If that had boon dono tho dofioit would havo boon roducod to £300,000. Ho doproaatod tho soiling of Treasury Bills cither in tho oolosy or in London, and pointed out that tho monoy in tho banks which would bo absorbed in taking up tho bills could bo moro profitably employed in commercial ontcrpriso in tho colony. Tho dofioionoy. ho nllogod, would right itaolf in n short tlrao. Thoro wob an amount of gontlo sarcasm in Mr. Dickson's phrasos whon ho naked on whom tho mantlo of Troasuror was to fall. 'Tho Promior had got tho Troasury out of tho chaos in whioh ho found it and it was now all ordor and eym- notry. But tho Fromior should roliovo tho omborrassmont nnd nnoertninty in tho country by saying who was to bo tho now Troasuror. Of oourso Sir Samuel was ablo to work tho wholo Govornmont himsolf, but it was not oroditnblo to a strong Govornmont and a strong party to bo without a Troasuror. Sir Samuol Griffith caughtthohumourof tho situation, and said that ho roally could not toll whon a Troasnror would bb appointed. Cor- talnly, ho addod with tho ghost of a laugh, not hoforo tho.closo of tho sossion. Seriously ho thought there woro many reasons why the head of tno Govornmont should also bo Troasuror. It was always tho caao, in England and often tho prnotioo in othor colonios. As to tho Treasury Bills ho had no doubt whatovor that thoy would bo tnkon up in tho colony, nnd ho thought it would bo onouglt to soil not moro tlum £500,000 possibly only £-100,000 worth. Ho agrocd with Mr. Dickson that tho cost of tho rabbit fonocs nnd tho advances for contrul sugar mills should ho oharged to loan nnd not rovonuo, but to do so would roquiro special Bills, and tho matter would no doubt bo adjustodnoxt session. Mr, Nortononthoothor hand was wrath nt the suggestion that thoso itoms should bo chnrgod to loan, and ho was particularly doleful as to tho outlook. Ho oould boo no signs of returning prosperity when thoro would bo a dofioit at tho ond of this year. It was not tbo drought, said Mr. Palmer, that was tho causo of tho dctioit, but tho looso- noss of manngomont of th« Govornmont, nnd in a ponderous joko ho advisod tho lmuding ovor of tho Troasury to Mr. leambort who had ' original ideas on oxpondituro. Squatters as wou ab dootors differ,' for Mr. Lumloy Hill hold that tho klnuio wus all to ho put on tho drought and tho failuro of tho Govornmont to get rti 1 of tho public estato by judioious sales, 1 Mr. Hamilton was tho first to bring tho Committco to tho consideration of tho voto boforo it, that for oxcoptod roads, and ho nrgod that £2,009 was riaioalously email for tho nurpoBO. A gonoral plea was put in by Northorn members for votes for roads to various minoral flolds. On tho goldfiolds osti- snatos thoro was somo disoussion on tho minoralogical lcoturoships, Tho valuo of tho looturos and their popularity in tho AVido Bay and Chartors Towors districts woro aeknow- lodged, and tho Mlnistor for Work 8 oonfossod tliat ho would liko to boo tho School of Minos proporly established and equipped on tho Towors. A woll dosorvod compliment was paid to tho scientific attainments and tho good work for tho colony porformod by Mr. Jack, Govornmont goologist, and oven Mr. Dutton admitted that ho dosorvod an incroaso of salary ovor tho £700 now paid. Mr. Lissnoroponeda long disouHsiou on tho suhsidios for doop sink ing on tho gold and tin fields of tho colony. It appeared that betwoon £3,000 and £4.000 had to bo oxpended iu deep sinking at Gy mpie : something undor £150 at Stanthorpo, and only £60 in tho North. Mr. Hamilton mado of this foot a vory otrong Northorn grievance, and ho oontrostcd what a former Govornmcnt had dono in tbo way of oncouraging prospcoting for gold oomparcd with tho small amount paid by tho prcBont Govornmont. Littlo was, howovor, Bala in favour of tho doop siuking subsidies- Mr. Morokcad specially objecting to a .voto whioh was dovotod to oxptoring tho private proportios of individuals ana companies. Thoro was somo convorsation regarding tho gold and tin mining regulations daring which Mr. Maorocfian urged thnt prnotic&l; zdinors should bo invited to givo thoir oxporionco boforo tho rovisod regulations woro issnod. Too rnuoh power ho thought was given to wardons. A littlo sccno occurred ovor tho Snostion of reward claims on goldfiolds. Mr. Hamilton read somo correspondence regarding a dooision of tho warden nt Croydon na to whether rowurd claims should ho worked full- handed and nftor going over tho mined regu lations on IUp point demanded tho opinion of tho Govornmont on tho subject. While tho jeonior mombor for Cook wan speaking tho jBjSfromior loft tho Chnmbor and Mr. Morchoad ftlSftwtoliiined tliat both tho Attornoy-Gonorab Fromiei uoroahaml. Mr. Maorosuan it did not look well for tho -Premier "ArLE'twlion i in ui 1 «r woe asking him a Pjyn L hi mi ho had a personal member Mr. Grimes sneered for uuuting " a bit of lawon J71"iaPUid Mr Fnttison counselled him >0 i&tor; for Works and V !-., -11 iti f» tion. Mcantimo the to tho Chamber and said uliich would affoct tho J 5 % jkLny persona and ho did M j ?Hvlon Govern- « Y j1 bos, members :iy including tho Loodor of the Opposition advisod Mr. Hamilton not to porsovoro, but whilo aocopting for tho moment this advico ho promisoa to rocur to tho mattor. Another long discussion took placo on tho appointmont of a railway arbitrator. Mr. Dntton favourod tho appointment of a oound-headod praotioal man" rather than a lawyer, whilo othor hon. members urgod tliat it Bhould bo a legal gontloman, Mr. Foxton going tho longth and saying that tuo District Court judges shoald ao the work in thoir rospoctivo distriots. Tho Mimstor for Works prossed on tho point, and admitted that tho appointmont would not bo mode whilo the Houso was in sossion. " Then," oxolaimod Mr. Moroheod with a satisfied air, " I am quite satisfied who will gcttho billot. Whon tno railway estimates camo on thoro was ft lively dohato on tho opening of tho through lino nt Wftllangarra to Tontorfield for intercolonial trailio. Mr. Morokcad was sovcro on tho Commissioners of tho two oolonics standing on their dignity and making tho travelling publio suffer, and ho blamed tho uicmhor for Carnarvon for putting obstruc tions in tho way of Qaoonslana trains running through to Tentcrfiold whioh if it hod boon dono would, ho said, havo socurodforBrisbano tho bulk of tho (Now England trado and in a auiot way would havo annoxed tho wholo of tho northern part of Now South Walos. This" latter idea was also favourod by Mr. Donaldson , but tho Minister for Works said that so long as ho was a mombor of tho Govorment ho would not consent to Queensland running hor trains to Tontorfiold. Tho Fromior also inter posed and said that Sir Honry Farko's latest nronosal was to run tho Now South Walos trains till thoy woro opposite tho Queensland platform and waiting rooms. Ho had rcpliod that thoro was no possible objection to that, and ho had romindod Sir Honry Farkos that tho dolay in tho oponlng of tho lino had beon ontiroly caused by Now South Wales. An aorimonious disoussion onsuod on tho dismissals of men in tho Railway Deportment in whioh Mr. Morehead and Mr. Annoar took part. Mr. Lumloy Hill also indulgod in somo re flections for whioh ho was takon hotly to task by Mr. Fattison who doolarod that tno junior mombor for Cook "had shown himself in some rospoots an unmitigated fool though in othor roBpocts and outsiao tho Houso ho was a vory daoont follow." Mr. Hill rotortod that tho mombor for Blaokall ' 1 was intoxicated with tho oxhuboranco of his own verbosity." Whioh Mr. Morchoad took to bo a oompiimont paid to Mr. Fattison sinoo " tho tormshad boon appliod by tho grontcst charlatan in English politics, to tho greatest Statesman England nod ovor produced— William Ewarfc Gladstone." By this time hon. members woro pretty woariod nnd tho Houso adjourned about a quartor past twelve. Members woro in an industrious mood on Friday and considerable progross was mado with Supply. Indeed it boeamo amusing lto soo tho roadinoss with whioh hundreds and thousands of pounds woro passod with littlo or no dobato whon tho wasto of nights ovor a voto of £300 took placo carlior in thosoaaion and whon hon. members woro in an oconomio temper, Mr. Falmor raovod a resolution ap proving tho ropoymont of tho £2000 deposit mado by tho vcraon Cool and Railway Com pany in connection with tho ooUapsodUrangan Railway but ho obtained so littlo sympathy tliat ho withdrew tho motion. Whon Com mittco of Supply wasroaohodthoostimatosfor tho Bundaborg and Mount Ferry Railway woro tho first to bo submitted. A long and not vory interesting disoussion took plooo regarding a combination railway and traffic bridge whloh Mr. Adams wanted ovor tho Burnott. Mr. Dutton admitted that tho bridgo was necessary and would bo built but-rnot yet. Whon the Central railway votes camo on the quostion of tho stability ot tho bridges whloh had on a formor ocoasionboon talked of was again referred to. Tho Minister for Works, whilo quoting tho opinion of the in spector that thoro was no foundation for tho rumours of instability, consented to ask Mr. Rodgor to mako a gonoral examination' of tho structures. Mr. Murphy roieodby a eido wind tho question of tho gonoral management of tho Queensland railways by a Commission tho . samo as in Viotoria. Mr. Dutton was not in favour of a Commission, and maintained that Instead of tho cost of managomont having do- creased undor tho Board in Viotoria it had vory considerably inoroasod. Mr. Macrossan pointed out that if tho oost of managomont liad increased so had tho rovonuo, buttuo hon. gontloman was not onamourod of a Board. What ho wanted was to romovo tho manago mont of tho railways from politioal infiuoncoB. Mr. Morohcad also rathoropprovodof a Board of managomont, but tho discussion was too informal and too fragmentary to bo of any valqe. Mr. Falmor raised a wail ovor tho additional oost whloh would bo credited to tho Gulf and Croydon railways by having tho stool sloopors bont in Brisbane, Ho maintaiuod that tho linos would havo boon far cheaper mado if tho platos had boon bont in England and shipped direct to Normanton. But ho got littlo sym pathy, sooing tho oontrocta for bonding tho tho plates would provide omploymont to a largo numbor of mon in tho oolony. Quito an unoxpootod complimont was paid to Mr. Dutton by Mr. Blaok for tho manner in which tho MiniBtor for Works had by concessions in tho way of sidings to plantations oonvortod tho Maokay and Eton railway from a losing to a paying aoncorn. Itwashintedthatthlsnolioy of putting in sidings might be benefioially ox- tonded on othor main linos. A roferonoo to somo improvements wanted by Mr. Morgan at tho Warwick station lod to a renewal of tho complaints about tho non-opening of tho through traffio to Now South Walos, hut nothing now camo out. Tho Fromior pilottod tho Post and Tolo- graph Estimates through Committoo. Thoro woro tho usual number of potty oomplaints about tolographs, telephones, and stray lottors but tho Fromior said most of thom oould havo boon dealt with by a representation to tho Dopartmont. Tho only roally important mattor reforred to was the Torres Straits mail sorviQO. Tho Promior said that undor tho timo of tho contraot tho sorvlco would oxpiro in January. 1689, providod notico was given boforo February next. Ho did not think it likely that tho service would bo dla- continued altogether, and tho Govornmont thought it host to lot tho oontraot go on another year so as to allow tho noxt Farlia- mont to doal with tho wholo mattor and ronow tho oontraot on suoh tonus as might bo thought doslrablo undor the oironmsuxnoos. This dooision was applaudod. It also ap- poarod from tho Premier's remarks that tho Govornmont had undor consideration tho Canadian and Paolfio mall route for a now scrvioo. Tho now msteorological offico undor Mr. Wraggo was the subjoot of universal commendation, and tho Promicr pointing to tho valuablo rosnlts attained, hoped that tho offiao would in fnturo bo oxtondod. Tho Houso adjourned shortly aftor ton o'olook aftor a night's harmonious work. On Monday afternoon hon. mombors wcro not in suoh a placid tomper. Immediately aftor Mr. Spoakor took tho chair Mr. Brookes movod tho adjournment of tho Houso to firo off a shot at tho Dofonoo Foroo for having hold a sham fight on Saturday afternoon in Viotoria Park to tho annoy ahoo of tho patients in tho Hospital, and ho nod a good doal of sympathy sliarpoly exprossed from Mr. Moro- head and Mr. M'Mastor, whilo tho Fromior pro mised that it would not ooour again. Mr Hamilton roourrod to tho question of the Croydon wardon's dooision abont working roward claims full bonded, but having got his griovanco vontilatcd ia a long spoeoh it was (mowed to rest. Whon tho Houbo wont into Committoo of Supply Mr. Blaok mado an onslaught on tho managomont of tho Paoiflo IslandorsTiospitids, a Houso and tho Promior probably did not aootho tho mombor for Maokay by saying, that tho planters should pay tho wholo cost of tho hospitals whon thoy could BOO to tho economical management of thom. Iho voxed quostion of blaok labour was opouod by Mr. Hamilton, who blamed tho prosont Govornmont as responsible for all tho irregularities of tho traffio. Tho Fromior, of oonrso, said ifr was no ubo arguing seriously with tho mombor for Cook because ovorybody know what tho foots woro. This openod the flood gatos of ©mbittorod oratory and tho wholo caroor of tho "Hopeful" was ovcd v;01, "V"'"- Aftor this storm had died away Mr. Morehead renewed tho tem pest from another quarter by an attack unrm ib n uovornment for agreeing to open tho ports of tho colony to tho importation of .took from Europo. Ho denounced tho oonforonoo whloh had mot at Sydnoy on tho ouhjoot, and oom, plained bitterly that tho Hon. E. ii. Forrest had not boon sont to roprosont thoso tnQuoor land who favourod closed porta as the ' moans of avortinfr tho introduction of ' , '3; month disoaoo and othor stook pv 08' consoquonoohoattaohedhlr. Go. " I0tRnu of Stock, for W« »'. .."nepeo favour of opon ports. Tho Colonial Scorotary was mild in his roply, and aaid that tho Go vornmont had ooooptod tho dooisiona of tho Conforoneo as all tuo other colonial Govern- monts had done. Tho appointment of a travelling dotootivo undor tho Brands Act was qIbo sovoroly oriticiscd, nud so embittorod oiid persistent woro tho objections to thin offiouu thnt tho Colonial Soorotary agreed to got rid of him. Among other nnbjoots disousHcd was thoGovornmoutSavingsBank, and Mr. NoUon complained tliat tho Govommimt paid fivo por cont interest on tho doitositn when thoy only got four in roturn. 'Iho Promior and Mr, Dlokeon dofondod tho bank as intendod for tho oncourogomont of thrift, and tho lattor rathor hinted nt building and iuvostmont sooiotios being ephemeral institutions. Under tho Harbours and Kivors Estimates Mr. Norton vcntillatod his pot griovanco that no drodgo had boon yet provided for tho " Narrows." An important statomont was mado by tho Fromior in connoctiou with Waterworks and Wator Supply Dopartmont. Tho bores whioh tho Dopartmont had put down out wont wcro affording valuablo information as to tho dopth and dip of tho wator bearing strata— tho sand stone. Tho Divisional Boards, ho thought, ought now to tako a moro active part in works for tho supply of water than thoy had dono, and ho trusted that privato ontorprlso would tako up tho scaroh for underground wator. Gonoral praiso given to tho Hydraulic Enginoor, Mr. Uonderson, for Ids ability and indofatignblo offorts. Undor tho water votes tho Committoo had cooled down and progress was mado thereafter tho wholo of tho Esti mates in chief boing disposed of by midnight. Tuesday was dovoton to tho discussion of tho Supplomontary Estimates, bat for an nonr aftor tno Houso mot a variety of nubjeote woro talked ovor whioh had littlo roally to do with tho votes. Thoro was to bogin with an undignified wranglo botwoon Mr. Hamilton and Sir. Lumloy Hill as to tho sums thoy drew undor tho Mombors Exponsos Bill in rolation to thoir "usual placo of residence," Then Saturday's sham light and tho disturbance to tho hospital patients wob again dobatcd— tho Fromior1 reading corrcspondonco from Colonol Fronoh in justification of tho affair. Under misoollanoous sorvicosMr. Groom made out a good oaso of eomplaint ntnunst thoBo in chargo of tho Govornmont illuminutlons during tho Quoon's Jabiloo. Tho Parliamen tary Hnildings woro undor tho care of a joint Committoo of both Housos. bat tho Committoo had novor boon consulted about tho illumi nations, and tho buildings had boon handod over by the Govornmont to tho illumlnntion contractors who had injured corntoos and carpots. Other hon. mombors snocrod con siderably at tlio illuminations and supported Mr. Groom in his complaint. Mr. Diokson who had boon head of tno Govornmont at tho timo apologised for having in tho hurry for gotten to consult with tno Dnildings Com mittoo, but oonfossod tluit ho had novor boforo hoard of daurago to building or furaituro, Aftor this thoro was sorao ungonorous critioisui of tho Fromior's oxponsCB in attondlng tho Colonial Conforoneo, but Mr. BlaoU paid a high oompiimont to tho Fromior by stating that tho only important work dono at tlio ConJforonco was duo to tho Promior. Tho Gaols Commission camo in for fioroo de nunciation, CBpooiotly Mr. Robo. but all tho votes passed in a somewhat Iato sitting. Thoro was a short sitting on WodnoBday aftor- noon whon the Treasury Bills woro ndvancod through thoir important stagos and tho Appropriation Bill read a first timo. Tho Promior Baid that tho Bills would not bo isBUOd unloss In tlio ovont of somo unforsoon omorgonoy, such as a war in Europo, tho Go- vornmont woro prorontou placing any moro inscribed stock on tho London market. Tho Fromior said ho was anxious to havo tho gonoral olootion ovor as soon (is posslblo, but as somo of tho rolls could not bo mado np boforo tho ond of January, and tho wot so&son; in tho North would sot in, ho was afraid tho olootion oould not como off boforo April. Ho, howovor, oxpoutod tho now Houbo would moot at tho ond of May, havo a Bhort sossion. and if thoro was a now Ministry— whiah ho did not antiolpato— anothor sossion could bo hold in July. Praotloally tho sossion is ovor, and tho ninth Parliamont of Quoonsland has oomo to an ond. Tho sossion has boon not tho lonst important in tbo history of tlio country. Its most out standing moasuro of course is tho Redistri bution Act, whioh will bring tho wholo of tho inoroasod population of tho oolony into touoh with tho Parliamentary representatives. Tho session was marked by dlsonsions in tho Cabi- not ovor tho finanoialpolioy of tho Govornmont, and it is ourious that tho Land Tax whioh drovo Messrs. Diokson and Maodonald- Fatorson from tho Ministry was so warmly opposed that it was not porsovorod with, and tho Go vernmental ship was lightened in vain. Sir S. W. Griffith as a loader, party manager, and legislator has onoo moro provod hts command ing ability. Fow mon in any country could havo dono as ho did whon his Troasuror rcsignod. Within throo days ho had takon up the work of tho Troasnry nnd dollvorod a financial statomont whioh, for oloar arrange ment and lucidity of oxprossion, could not havo boon oxcollod. Then tho ability (lis- playod in .piloting tho Redistribution Bill through tho Houso was so roraarkablo as to oall forth expressions of admiration from ovou his most hitter oppononts. If not many first- olass mcasuros havo boon placed on tho statute book during tho session, groat and good work whioh will have an onduring influcnoo on tho oolony has boon accomplished, Tho most serious failures of tho Govornmont woro thoir dofcat on tho Thano's Crook railway and tho Naval Dofonoo Bill, but thoso dofoats woro not an unmixod ovil— rathor will thoy bo pro- duotivo of good. Tho Govornmont has loarnod a lesson as to tho introduction of publio works which cannot pay In tho natura of things for many long years, and tho con stituencies will havo tho opportunity of ox- proBsing thoir opinion on tno moasuros for naval aofonoo. Ono fcaturo of tho sossion whioh mast not bo omittod is that protootion camo within tho sphore of praotioal politics. Tho Fromior gave his adhoison tothoprinclplo of oncouragomcnt of local native industries, tho question was takon up kindly on both sidos of tbo House,' progress has boon mado ontsldo with tho national polioy, and thoro is no doubt that it will form a loading point for disoassion daring tho gonoral olootion. In a now and onlargoa Parhnmont, whon so many lively questions will bo disoussod, tho man " Ovortho Clock " hopos to ronow acquain&nco; with tho readers of tho Chronicle. on allotment ; calls not to exceed 2d, por nhnto per month. Uoforo plnoii g this proporly on tho market it thomcht di8tr»blft to i-hUiu tho Uat nnd must reliable icjiori. With this view Mr. Uongal M'Givgor has inducted and ro- portal on tho olniin, nnd his toport is now attached It is cB-imntcd that hy tho <nd of tho yoar tho vendors will havo at grn-s 190 tons of sumo. CnlU nt 2d, p«>r month till tho ond of Mny, ( he Intended timo of crushing) will provido niuplo mcann f<r ratting at least another 809 t>ms of stono, tbm making in nil 900 tons. Taking this at Mr, M'Grvgot's cstimnto, Cor. to tuo ton will giro a return of 4C00oz, 1 his gold has boon assayed to tho valuo of £9 15s. per ounco, This will givo a gross roturn of £16,875 Tho cost of Raising 800 tons at 25?, por ton boing ... ... ' ... £1,000 0 O Crushing nnd ci rting 900 tons at 32'. Gd 1,463 10 O Dank charges on 4&00os, at 8s. porounoo ... ... 676 0 0 Incidentals, say ... ... 200 0 O Total ... £8,337 10 O will givo nn almost immcdln'o not roturn of £18.537 103 , or 6s, 0d. per ebnro on 40,000 shares. An will bo seen from Mr. M'Qrcsor's report there an now being erected thico quarts- onwhlng machine? near this property, ouo of 15 head within half-a-milo, tho othor two nhnnt two mile dmtnnt on tho C.irron llivcr. eaoh of which will havo an abundanco of pormnncnt water, thoro will thoreforo bo no difficulty in g-ttiog stono crushed, nor will shareholder havo to go to tbo expenses of erecting machinery. Tho only cbargo on tho now Company will bo tho muni brokerngo, prlutlng, registration, ko. When sufficient shares hnvo been plnced, a meeting of shareholders will bo caliod to elcot directors nnd comnloto tho formation ot tho Company. REPORT ON THE VASCO DK GAMA PROSPECTING CLAIM. Tho Varco do Gnma Frospcoting Clot at ia situated on tbo southerly slopo of n high spur at Laycock's Camp, Golden Valley, 14 miles northwest of Croydon Township, Tho formation of tho country is gray and purplo porphyry, through which thu r?ot runs nearly north nud sutth with a very slight nudcrlie to iho ens-. 'Jho are i of tlio claim is 250ft. along tho lino of rocf, hy a width of 400ft., hcing two men's ground of 50ft, each and a roward grant ot 150f', Iho workings on tho claim consists of two shafts, No. 1, or tho mnln shaft, la about 100ft. from tho northern boundary, nn I has been sunk to a dopth ot 80ft. on tho reef ; dimensions of shaft, 7ft. by 4(t. At tho 65ft. lovol a drlvo to tho south ia boing put in'nlorg tho reef; tho ditinnco at presont driven is only 10ft. Tho 15ft. iu tho shaft bolow this drive is intended for a woll during tbo coming wot' senson. Tho reot ha9 very fair walls, and averages in thiokness fiom 20ln. to 2I(. Thoro aro about 52 tous of quarts in tho paddock tnkon from this shaft, whioh will yield Ros. of gold to tho ton. bnmplrs. of quarts taken by mysolf from different parts ct tbo taco in tho drive, from the bottom of (tin mul from eoveral different places up .tbo ehafq gavo rotarns from 3oz. to 7oz. of gold to tbo ton ; from Bovornl samples ot chipB of quarts picked from all over tho heap of stono in tho paddock tho nvorngo prospects wcro Cor, por ton. No. 2 shaft la 40ft. south of tho main shaft, and has only beon suuk 12ft. Tbo roof is about tho samo in siso na in No. 1 shaft, nnd prospects about tbo samo ; thoro nro 10 tons nt grass takon from this shaft. In putting tbo avcrago yield of tho 69 tons of quarts raised from both shahs nt 5os, nor too, I am 'COitain it is not over estimated, Tbo out crop of tho reef Ib very strung, and runs right through tbo wholo ground, giving good prospects right aptothoavor goetntod, Tho gold is heavy nnu of good quality j tho assay vaIqo is £3 15?, lid. per ounce, \- Slnco tho claim has bcou taken up tho cxpomcs amount to about £240, for wbich thoro c.ro 62 tons of stono raised estimated to contain 310os, of gold worth £3 15s. lid, per ounce— £1170 14s, 2d, — boing an average cash valuo t f £18 19s, 7d, por tou ot quans in paddock, Tho cost of zaltiug tho 63 tons has boon £0 17s, od. per ton, to whioh add cost of crushing, 80s, ; carting 7e Gd. ; total cost per ton, £5 14s. lid., whioh leaves tho hnndeomo margin of £13 4b. 81, por ton profit, From tho prospoota and appcaranco ot tho rcof in tho olatma on oach tido of tho pros pering claim I think tbo reef, na proved In tho main shaft, may bo tnkon as a safe bonis on whioh to cnloutato tho qunntity nnd quality of stono to bo obtained from Iho unopenod part of tho ground. Tho main abaft, 80ft. dcop, gave, sy, 50 tons ot quarts, nn equal dopth along tho length ot tho oinim will ylold ovor 1600 tons ot qrnris, with ovory prospoot of being equal in rlobnoss to that already raised, . At tuo 80 t, lovol thoro is ovory appoaranco of tho rocf going down on her course perraanont and strong. In tho neighbourhood of tho olaim thoro aro throo batteries being orcotod, onoot 16 bead about tmtt-n mUo from tho olaim, and two otbors on a brnnoh of the Cnrroo, two miles distant, whero there is pormanont wator— a groat consideration on tho Crovdon goldfiold, Thoro aro roads already mado to thoso batlorics.thuR giving amplo opportunity for tho crushing of any quantity of quarts raised. As tho gold is free and tho quarts contains no minoral to provont tho ordinary mothod of amalgamation being succosstn', full juFtloo should bo dono to tho stono at apj ot tho three battories mentioned',, Iho Vasco do Gamq Vrospccting clnt»- 6tnall in area, but has no wasto grow- is foot being available. It is ...u.ovcry proporty not oftoo met Quly valuable nor' Orovdon/22ad -GAL M'GREGOR. -<otobcr, 1337, papp' from Croydon GoUfan Age nows- , .r mining report, 10th November, 1887 5— u Tho Vasco do Garna F.O —250ft. by 400ft —are 85ft, down on th» underlie. Tho reef varies from 181n. to 2ft. thick, Tho roof runs north and south with a slight dip to eastwards. Thoy havo driven south 20ft Sixty tons of very nico looking stono ii paddockoil, which is estimated all roond at Q2' 22 tona of this stono boing con sidered 20oz. ® 