THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER XXXVI. TWO LETTEES. Before day dawned upon the darkness of that night Sir Jasper's guest was dead ; and the dawn found Sir Jasper and his tenant closeted - together in tbe yellofr drawing-room, whfere all 'the glitypr of pictures and bric-a-brac looked wan in the light of Expiring candles. Mr. Pierrepoint had told tlis landlord the story of his wedded life, and the character of the 'lady then^'eltered by the Abbey roof. " I warned you against this person before Sir Jasper," said Godfrey, when he iiad concluded the 6tory of Leonora Fane's treachery. " You did," answered tHe Baronet, with a deprecating gesture," and I disregarded your warning; and now you heap coals of fire on' my head by interfering a second time to preserve me from the consepuencies of my own infatuation. My dear Pierrepoint, you don't know what a demented idiot J have been. I was going to marry that w&man.; l Ye8,' ; I Was prepared to make one great gulp 'and swallow any thing in the way of antecedent history that she might please to invent'for me. I knew that she was not a particularly good woman —c<m hardly expect a brilliant creature like that to be so particularly good, you know —but I liked her. She was agreeable to me; and you will allow that in the matter of millinery she is unapproachable. Good women are 60 apt to be neglectful in their millinery. They will not follow the precepts of those delightful Messieurs de Gon court, and remember that an irreproachable creature is all the more delightful when she tKtssesseBB the faintest parfwfn de Lorette. However, I must not forget to thank you for having given me this warning. The lively widow shall receive her conge. shallinisshar: yes, I confess that I shall t iniss her. But I shall write to Mr. Woods to inquire if there is any thing of Ruben's or Etty's likely to drop into the market; and if there is,Til run up to Christie's and buy it. In the meantime tbe widow shall go." But Mrs. Harding, otherwise Mrs. Fane, did hot wait to receive her conge from Sir Jasper Denison. When Mr. Hills took his breakfast at two o'clock in the afternoon that succeeded Arthur Holroyde's death, he carried a dainty little patchouli-perfumed note on the tray, which he had placed on the table beside his master's bed. The Baronet recognised the widow's dashing caligraphy. The hand had not trembled once, though the letter had been written immediately after Leonora Fane bad been told: that Arthur Holroyde and Godfrey 'Pierrepoint were closeted together. The Baronet sighed plaintively as he penued the note, which ran thus :— " Dear Sir Jasper,—A. letter received late this afternoon summonses me to town to the dear friend whose ill-health you have already heard of." " I am afraid the ' dear friend' is only a genteel Mrs. Harris," thought the Baronet sadly. " What a pity a woman with such an outline should not be the sort of person a gentleman can marry ! " " This time," continued the latter, " I fear the case is really serious, and I havfe decided on leaving Roxhorough by the first train, though by so doing, I shall lose all chance of bidding idieu to you, and of thanking you with my own lips for all your goodness. How dear the memory of that goodness will be to me when I am far away from you and Scarsdale, I darenottrust myself to write now ; for my heart is very, very sad, dear Sir Jasper, and something tells me that this separation between you and me maybe a Icing one." " Tears," murmured the Baronet, as he examined some pale smears upon the paper. " And yet I dare say tears are very easy to produce; I know too much of the tricks of the picture-dealers to be taken in by that sort of thing." He went on with the letter: " Farewell, then, Sir Jasper. I leave this dear dwelling with a gloomy foreboding of future sorrow. I have enemies—enemies whose dark machinations it would be vain to endeavor to explain. Better perhaps that I should rest under the dark shadows they may spread around me. I write wildly. I dare not read what I have written. I ask you to believe no goo<i of me, Sir Jasper, except that the memory of you, and all that you have been to me, will be the most treasured recollection of my mind. " Ever gratefully yours, " BLANCHE HARDING " P.S.- A letter, with the oM<iJa-Hill address, will-always reach me. My'lnpgage I have •left to be Sent to the Pantechnicon, as my movements for the present are very uncertain." " What a wonderful woman !" thought the Baronet; " throughout her letter there's not a word that commits her to anything, good, bad, or indifferent. And she reminds me that the old address will always find her. Circean charmer 1 If I were a weak man, that letter would make a fool of me. As »t is—well—I must never trust myself in the neighborhood of Maida Hill." There was another letter delivered in Scaredale Abbey that morning—a letter which one of the women-servants carried to Miss Denison's room long before Sir , Jasper's own man presumed to disturb the Sybarite slumbers of his master. Marcia's heart thrilled as she recognised Godfrey Pierrepoint's handwriting.. She knew nothing of the nature of that interview which had taken place between Godfrey and the man who now lay dead in the darkened chamber below. She only knew that they had been closeted together for upwards of an hour, and that there bad been peace. " His farewell letter ! " 6he thought sadly, as she tore the envelope. . But it was not a farewell letter! it was a lover's letter, written by all the freedom of a hand that is not forbidden to betray the secret of its master's sonl; "My Own Beloved 1 " wrote Godfrey Pierrepoint,—" I dare call you thus now; I dare call you anything that is teuder and sweet; and in all tbe world you are the only creatppe who has any right to bid me hold of my band. Oh, Marcia, my pen would fain run riot over the paper, so wild an impulse moves it as I write to you to-night.. But the shadow of. death is close at hand, and I must needs be saddened a little by that solemn influence. "My own one—my own one—my precious wife that is to be in tbe dear days that are to comet Tbe barrier that separated you and me was never any more than a lying shadow. When I fanced myself divided from you by an impassable abyss, I was only the dupe of a shameful conspiracy. I was a free man, dearest, when I first looked in your sweet face, first saw the graceful figure in the warm glow of the firelight, and heard the rustling of your dress. < In your lotiely silken murmur, like an angel clad with wings-* I was a free man,'Marcia 1 I might have fallen on my knees in the firelight that autumn evening to beseech you for my bride. I might have done anything that is mad, or wild, or desperate. I don't suppose I Teally did love you then, ! cannot remember a time in Which I did not love you. . . ' I am not going back to St. Petersburg. The steppeB of Siberia, or Caucasus, tbe A moor, and tbe Chinese Wall maybe ^ wallowedin an earthquake, eo far as 'I am personally concerned in their, preservation.: I am going, north, bdtno farther north thpn Pierrepoint, where there is a mouldly old castle,' that must be made ready for a fair young chfttelaine. ; Afc, what happiness to let loose the decoraboTs'and upholsterers, and cry havoc upon moths and dust! What happiness to prepare a beautiful nest for my dove 1 What unutterable joy" to'begin a new existence in the placewhere my name' means truth and honor ; and to know that ho ghost from the old life can arise to overshadow my bliss! " I cannot tell yon what my movements may be for the next few weeks; it will be so difficult for me to stay away from Scarsdale. But I have all my new life to plan. Ob, Marcia, it is like a resurrection from the grave!" ! " In any case, I shall not come near the Abbey until that unhappy man has been laid peacefully in'his grave. He dies so friendless and lohely that the doctors whom your father pays will be the only followers in his funeral train | Unless, indeed, Colonel Slingsby cares to pay a last poor tribute of friendship tb a boon companion. I am sure it will please you to know that we parted in peace, and that I was able to forgive him as freely for the wrong he has done me as I hope my own error > to be forgiven. " And now adieu, my own one ; and this adieu is no Bad farewell, but only the pretty flimsy word which means a brief good-night. I shall write to you to-morrow from Pierrepoint. Will you send me one little line to the Castle, to tell me you have not suffered very much by the catastrophe that has brought gloom and death within your doors? One little line in tbe hand I love will seem like a pledge of that future happiness which is so' bright a thing that I tremble lest it should be too fair and beautiful a vision ever to be more substantial than a day-dream. I have told your father my history, and have hi6 best wishes for the prosperity of my suit; eo I dare to sign myself your faithful and adoring GODFBEY." CHAPTER XXXVII. "AFTER MANY DAYS," Godfrey Pierrepoint's day-dream has been realised in the years that have gone by since the death of Arthur Holroyde: and other children play now in the old-fashioned garden which is only divided by a long boundary-wall from the hidden graves of a forgotten churchyard. The orchards and gardens of the Grange are the favourite play-ground of the children from tbe Castle. The little ones like the apples on those old espaliers better than any fruit that is grown in the prim kitchen-ga'dens of the loftier domain. They prefer the grassy lawn and the cottage-flowers, the sweet-williams and-London-pride, the stocks and mignonette, and the glorious cabbage-roses which were the chief joy of their dead grandmother, to all the grandeurs of the Castle pleasauuce, where stately peacocks screech at them, and where solemn gardeners looked UDbappy if a stray leaflet is dropped on the smooth gravel. Happy children, on whose fair young heads all Fortune's pifts fall in a golden shower! Happy children, whose name in the place of their birth is synonymous with nobility and honor! Happy children, about and around whom there breathes so pure an atmosphere of love that this young faces seem still to reflect the brightness of the angels who have smilod upon them in their baby dreams I And while the children play in the gardens of the Grange, Marcia and Godfrey are sometimes away in London; for the name of Pierrepoint is fast becoming a power in the ranks of the more advanced of English Conservatives; and more than once in the course of every session Sir Jasper Denison has the pleasure of reading some grand speech of his son- in-law's commented upon in his favorite Times. Godfrey Pierrepoint has indeed begun a new life. Love, ambition, success—all tbe brightest flowers that make the crown of existence—blossom now for him, for him! And sometimes in a dream he fancies hidi self on the burning shores of the white Nile, and wakes in a feverish terror to remember his desolate youth, and to thank G-od for the gladness of his manhood. And when the session is over, and he is free to fly back to the children at Pierrepoint, the grave African wanderer of the past, the earnest senator of the present is transformed all at once into the lightesthearted boyish traveller . who ever sped northwards by express-train. In the Grange gardens, where he played in his childhood, he plays now with his children : and lying on the grass with the latest parliamentary reports open under his elbow, he is disturbed by tiny flaxen-haired toddlers, who insist on being taken to Banbury Cross, or enlightened as to the prceedings of that celebrated family of pigs whose leading member went to market. Is it necessary to say that the Pierrepoint poor rejoice in the residence of their chieftain and his tender-hearted wife, or that the Castle is a land flowing with milk and honey for the surrounding peasantry ? There are strong-minded ladies in the neighbourhood, who threaten Marcia with the direful effects that are likely to arise out of her undiscerning charities; but Marcia pleads that if she waited to And faultless recipients for her benevolence, she should never give to any body. "I am very sorry that James Price will not attend the two services, Miss Warlock," she replies to an importunate lady; " but I hear that he is a good husband and a most affectionate father, and that his drowsiness after dinner is really constitutional; so I don't see any reason for withholding the new milk that his children are allowed to have from the Castle dairy." Mrs. Pierrepoint has a trusty ally in her own particular curate, Mr. Silbrook, on whom the Pierrepoint benefice waB bestowed when the old incumbent died. He came to Yorkshire, delighted to return to his old slavery, and as happy to serve Mrs. Pierrepoint as he had been to wait upon the footsteps of Miss Denison, He loves her still; but in his soul love is so pure a flame that it burns with as subdued and steady a radiance as tbe deathless lamp on a Eoman-Catholic altar. Sir Jasper comes often to Pierrepoint; and he makes his son-in-law's town-house his head- quarters when he has occasion to attend Christie's auction-room. He likes his grandchildren amazingly—from a good point of sight. " Place them on a level with my eye, and let me get a northwest light upon them," he says entreatingly, as he hands the little ones hack to their nurses. "Yes, quite equal to Sant very transparent and pearly. I shouldn't be surprised if that boy were to develop into a Gainsborough ; and if he does, I shall leave him the whole of my fortune. You will not let him disturb my Ettys when I am dead and gone, will you, Pierrepoint 1 I think I should turn in my grave if any wretch were to put my Psyche in a bad light." With the children in the Grange gardens there is someone who is not a servant, and yet not quite a governess—a gentle tender creature, who idolises the little people with whom her life is chiefly spent, who is very apt to call Mrs. Pierrepoint "Miss Marcia," and whom the Castle servants address respectfully as Miss Tursgood. Poor Dorothy's brief romance has ended in sudden darkness. She knows that the verdict of the coroner's jury which branded Gervoise Catheron with the name of a murderer was only too just a decision : and every night in her prayers she thanks God for his escape from the hangman's hand, and prays that his penitence may be received by Divine mercy. He escaped the hangman. Another man, careful of his life, winding aud twisting in accordance with some deep-laid plan of cheating justice, might have fallen into the very jaws of his pursuers. Gervoise Catheron, utterly careless of his wretched existence, and flying blindly, rather in some wild hope of escaping from his own remorsefnl conscience than with^ny idea of evading the consequences of his crime, managed to baflle the sharpest of metropolitan detectives, the most determined of provincial police. He left Roxborough by the mail-train on the very night of the murder, and went straight to Liverpool by an early express on the following morning Chance, favouring him who was reckliass of his life, as she never favours the man wfcpse dearest hope is to preserve his existenc^afforded him an immediate opportunity totescape from England. One of the Cunatt steamers started for New York on the fery day of his arrival in Liverpool: ancfe Gervoise Catheron, with a portmanteau 'of readymade garments, bought of a Jew In a backslum of the town started with her. The Jew was quick to see the account of tbe Scarsdale murder, and the^toumbers of the missing notes, and to Compare these numbers with the money he had taken from the pale traveller, who bought his goods in such a hurry. The Israelitish merchant sent the suspicious notes abroad, and was dumb with regard to Mr. Catheron's visit to his establishment. The detective searched Liverpool in vain for any clue to the lieutenant's movements. The papers which he examined in the shipbrokers' offices afforded no evidence strong enough to justify action. So he went back to London, disheartened, to be sent down to Leeds to investigate a great forgery case, which promised to be even more important than the Scarsdale murder. Dorothy was three-and-twenty years of age, and Godfrey and Marcia had been married five years, when there appeared in the American correspondence of the London newspapers an account of the death of a poor half-starved creature, who had picked up bis miserable living as a ca«-d-eharplt and billiard-marker, in the vilest haunts of New York, and who ,on fcU wretched deathbed confessed himself the murderer of Arthur Holroyde. His confession had been duly attested by the authorities, who were summoned at his own special entreaty and the very words of that confession were made public. "He had injured me and mine," said the dying man, "and I hated him. £ I was mad at.d desperate for want of a certain sum of money, and I knew that he had six times that sum about him, and that the money in his possession ought by rights to have been mine. I did not think much about what I was going to do; but I put a loaded pistol in my pocket, and I went to the wood through which I knew he must pass, and lay quiet among the fern waiting for him. When I heard his horse's hoofs, I got up, and climbed upon a bank that overhung the road. From this bank I took my aim; he groaned once, and fell ofi hie horse. I found the money I wanted in his waistcoat-pocket—the only one of his pockets which I touched. I did not wait to see whether he was dead, but went back to Castlcford, where I had some business to transact, and from there to Roxborough, where I reached the station three minutes before the departure of the mail train." To Dorothy this was a very sad sfory ; but she has learned to take some comfort from the hope that her lover died penitent. And though the smiles and dimples of eighteen are missing in the gentle young woman of three- and-twenty, there may come a time when the old wounds will heal, and new happiness may rise for poor Dorothy from the asheB of her dead. One may venture to hope so much for a brokenhearted youog person of three-and-twenty. Dorothy goes southward once a-year to see her own family, and on these occasions she always meets her Cousin Selina and the lively Dobb ; but she does not caro to go mar Amanda Villas, where the memory of her lost lover afflicts her with cruel anguish. The Dobbs are pros perous, for the stern Sloper has discovered by bitter experience that there are not many clerks to be had as sharp or as trustworthy as Henry Adolphus, atid the repentant Dobb has taken the lesson of his youth very deeply to heart, and would as soon enter into a compact with the foul fiend aB he would involve himself in any sporting adventure with the knowing oneB of Farringdon Street or the Peter- Piper tavern. Sloper and Halliday have increased his annual stipend by thirty pounds, and the Sunday evening reunions are more frequsntly wound-up by cold baked moats than of old, while Mr. Dobb's " Tippetywichet" and " Hot Codlins " are more like the real thing than ever. And while domestic happiness reigns alike amidst the grandeurs of Pierrepoint Castle and in the lowly chambers of Amanda Villas, a haggard pensioner on Godfrey Pierrepoints bounty haunts small German spas, and loses her pitiful stakes at third-rate gambling-tables. Her name is Leonora Fane, and she lives upon a hundred a-year, which is Bent to her in quarterly instalments by Godfrey's lawyers, for Marcia and her husband would fain seoure this wretched woman from the necessity of sin. She accepts the dole churlishly enough, and hates the giver : and if in che out-ofthe-way places where she drags out her existence any mention of Godfrey Pierrepoint's parliamentary triumphs, or his wife's social graces happen to reach her ear, the ghastly painted face contracts spasmodically and the false eyebrows lower over dark angry eyes. She is a slave tied to the chariot-wheels of Nemesis, and the Goddess of Vengeance seems loth to lose her bold upon her victim. For women who have sinned and suffered, Death sometimes comes in the guise of a kind and pitiful friend and releases the bonds of their captivity. But death will have nothing to do with Leonora Fane: her day of repentance or release is still in the future. THE END. 