GEHEKAL NEWS. ? _^__ ? A Geeman squadron lias left . Capetown , and is -3©mkig to Sydney. . .--./. ?.-..? ?Children 'have to wade to school in the Rich mond River district. . The League at Cobar are taking steps to push their -project fora railway. .. The public schools of Victoria hav^-ccmtributed -£400 to. the BulliRelief Fund. It is- expected that the sittkig of the Bulli Com mission will occupy afacai- a fortnght. Gladstone has declared his intention o£ fight ing the Coercion Bill to the bitter end. Sir Patrick Jennings and Sir Robert Wisdom ?will not return to Sydney before December. His Excellency the Governor, Lord Carrington, ?was present at the Rosehill races on Saturday. Thk people of Cap_'iden want the Government to incorporate the O&mden; tramway with the rail way. _ Another shipment of oranges left Sydney for London on Saturday. There were 966 cases sent away. The 'Mayor of Sydney has received a third re mittance of .£1000 from Melbourne in aid of the BuVii Fund. It is reported that a wealthy syndicate in Lon don has secured a rich gold property at Kilkirvan (Queensland). The Victorian Government refuses to make any -exceptional display in commemoration of the (Queen3 3 Jubilee. In what proportion the Australian Colonies are ?fco contribute to the new fleet for their defence has not been settled. The Queen is reported to have sent £2 to a woman in Birmingham who recently gave birth to three children. The British Parliament has passed, during the present century, an average of one Coercion Bill for Ireland per year. The ruagiaterial bosses in Brisbane are putting down, glove fights. They have determined not to allc,w ' such affairs.' In many cases in the Lismore district produce is saia to »e rotting, tiie iarmers oemg unable to get the same to market. Heavy floods are reported between Hergott Springs and Birdsville (S.A.), and 48,000 acres are said to be submerged. Volcanic eruptions are reported from Cali fornia. Montezuma has been destroyed and many of the inhabitants perished. The Northern Miners' Association are not satis fied with the appointment of Dr. Robertson and Mr. Neilson on the Bulli commission. Owing to the continued wet weather in the Crookwell district, farmers have been unable to proceed with ploughing operations. A Lismore meeting on Saturday evening adopted resolutions urging the Government to complete the Grafton-Tweed Railway. The New Zealand murderer Prendergast became ? insane after receiving sentence, and was sent to an asylum, where he recovered his reason. A sixth Judge of the Supreme Court will not 'be appointed until the bill in connection therewith lias met with the approval of Parliament. The proposed Australian defence fleet will pro bably consist of five cruisers of the improved Archer type, and two Rattlesnake torpedo boats. The running oS the Mudgee night trains is being continued on the branch line despite the district engineer's report as to imminent danger. To Mr. Burdekin, M.L.A., on Saturday, Sir Henry Parkes reiterated his determination of dis continuing the practice of serving out rations to the unemployed'. Proposed future title of Queen Victoria — ' Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the colonies and dependencies thereof, and Empress of India.' The number of failures in New South Wales re .ported to the New South Wales Trade Protective Institute for the month ending April 30 was 134, with liabilities amounting to ,£161,435. The raffle for the open racing yacht Carlotta took place on Saturday, 120 members at one guinea each, and she was won by Mr. J. B. Des pointes, of Waverley. Mr. Abigail told the deputation which waited upon him this week that he would refer the question of the place for the sitting of the Bulli Commission to the Cabinet* Mr. J. A. Froude is expected to add a supple ment to 'Oceana,' giving descriptions of the West Indies, which he has been visiting. Is that brilliant writer's imagination exhausted yet ? James M-Grory, commercial traveller, and his wife, were at Newtown this week each fined .£10 11s 2d, or four months, for assaulting an orphan girl entrusted to their care. General Ho and Mr. Tsing, Chinese Commis Henry Parkes, who afterwards introduced them to Lord Carrington at Government House. At a court-martial held on Monday on board H.M.S. Nelson, Hugh M'lver, a gunner, for de sertion was sentenced to a term of imprisonment with hard labour. One of the Sydney unemployed, now in Victoria, has written to the Melbourne press stating that Sir Henry Parkes arranged for a number of the unemployed to travel free from Sydney to Albury. Plans for the erection of Central Police Court buildings in Liverpool-street are under the con sideration of the Government. The 'useful' will be sought to be attained rather than the ' ornamental.' The dangers of drinking lemonade were illus trated at Melbourne on Saturday, when Robert Batty, the well-known steeplechase rider, received serious injuries to the eye while opening a bottle of the beverage. A carter, Arthur Richardson, was this week fined -£3 18s Sd, or one month, at the Water Police Court, for brutally belabouring a horse with the butt end of a whip so that it fell twice iroin exhaustion. The proposal to construct a city railway, con necting the present terminus with Circular Quay has recently been revived. A scheme has been submitted to the Government for a city extension on principles differing materially from those hitherto advanced. It is believed that the railway from Blayney to Cowra, which forms the last link in the line from Murrumburrah to Blayney, connecting the Great Boutaern wito the Great Western systems will be opened for traffic in August next. The con tractor is pushing ahead as rapidly as possible with the work, which is in a tolerably advanced I .The' Wilca&nia; Pastures Protection Board is giving for Scalps— Is for kangaroo, Gd wallaby, Gd emu, and 10s native dog. There is Bald k- be room for 500 labourers on the second csttion of the Cairns-Herl-ertoa railway (-&\- p/j Ts Gd to 9s 6d a day. Work will be resumed in the 4-foot seam, at the Bulli mine, and the debris of the explosion w ill be cleared away, with the view of eventually resum ing work in the main seam. Feyer is still prevalent at the French military posts in the New Hebrides, and three wardships pure engaged bringing relieving parties from Noumea. The final report of the commission for the con servation nf water was handed to the Minister for Mines on Tuesday, the expenses of which were £IG,000. The Saltwater River, which takes the refuse of the Melbourne abattoirs, has been found to be most foully polluted thereby. No wonder typhoid abounds in and around Melbourne. William O'Brien, of the United Ireland newspaper, has been making speeches in New York re evictions from Lord Lansdowne's Irish estates. Mr. James Service, in a recent speech in London, declared that in 30 years' time Australia would be strong enough to execute her own policy in the p Pacific, should her wishes be ignored by the im erial Government. The theory of earthquakes now is that the weight of the water of the sea breaks the crust that surrounds our globe, and in rushes the water, which is converted, into steam, and produces throbs in its effort to force its way out. Sir Henry Parkes, in answer to a question by Mr. Abbott in the Legislative Assembly, stated, that the Government could not very well take steps to have the Queen's statue placed on the pedestal at the top of King-street until it had been received in the colony. Whether it would be received in time for the Centennial celebration he was at that moment unable to say. A special general meeting of shareholders of the National Building, Land, and Investment Company was held on Monday week. Mr. W. H. Hentsch occupied the chair. It was agreed that the company be formed into a limited lia bility company, under the above name, subject to the ratification of five-sixths of the shareholders. The meeting then considered the articles of asso ciation. The New South Wales Association of Spiritual ists is the latest invention. The formation of the society is not even remotely attributable to the imposition of beer excise. Non-believers are to be admitted to watch the ghosts and listen to the knocks without extra charge, and as the number of persons who don't believe in spiritualism is legion, the list of members should be longer than a Queensland judge's bill for travelling expenses. We have received a very fine illustrated cata logue of garden and farm seeds from Messrs. J. and W. Gelding. Not only is it an ordinary com mercial catalogue, but it also includes information in a handy form which farmers and gardeners will find very useful. Every department of ground tilling is exhaustively and intelligently dealt with ; and the very latest information given con cerning the most suitable varieties of seeds or plants. The Parramatta Catholic Orphanage. ? — Within the next few weeks (says the Daily Telegraph) it is hoped that the removal of the occupants of the Biloela Reformatory to Parra matta will be completed, and then Darlinghurst (jraol will relieved or some or its surplus prisoners. Th_e prisoners to be sent to Biloela will be those under short sentences. The Minister will pro bably direct, also, that provision should be made at Biloela for the accommodation of female prisoners under brief sentences of imprisonment. Our Parramatta correspondent writes : — 'Some 60 of the girls from the Biloela Reformatory were on Monday and yesterday trancferred to the insti tution at Parramatta, which was formerly used as a Roman Catholic Orphanage. Mrs. Walker is the superintendent in charge. It is expected that the rest of the girls will be sent up during the week.' Proposed Change in the Queen's Title. — The Premier has received communications from the Governments of all the Australian colonies replying to his telegram desiring to be informed of their views with regard to the proposed change in the Queen's title, by including -fofthe colo nies,' in addition to the present title. The re plies received indicate a good deal of apathy about the matter, and we understand that the Government here are not likely to approve of the suggested alteration. Sir Henry Parkes is per sonally quite satisfied with the title of her Majesty as it now stands. New Court in Sydney. — The Government have decided to make such alterations at the Hyde Park Immigration Barracks as are necessary to enable one of the Supremo Court Judges to hold a court there ; and probably the alterations will be extended so as to permit of some of the officers connected with the administration of the law being located there temporarily. The whole ar rangement will be but temporary, for it is in tended to commence the erection of the proposed new law courts on the site of the Immigration Barracks as soon as it can be done. A Step In the Right Direction. — The con struction of tanks for the conservation of water in the Western district is now engaging the at tention of the Mines Department, and some of the works will be commenced at an early date. The stock inspectors and inspectors of the public watering-places have been requested to furnish reports, containing1 recommendations of the works necessary in various parts of the Western division. It has not yet been decided what amount Parliament will be asked to sanction for the conservation of water in the West. Flood Relief Funds. — The trustees of the old Hawkesbury Flood Relief Fund have a balance invested in readiness to meet the necessities aris ing from any similar disaster; but it appears that the honorary secretary appointed at the initiation of that fund has suggested that the Bulli com mittee should get possession of this balance, with its accrued interest, and the committee has ac cepted his suggestion. Now, it must be re membered that the money was contributed for a flood relief fund, and certainly neither the secretary of the fund, nor any other official who happened to be placed on the working committee, has any authority for turning over any part o£ that fund to a different object. 