' SPURGEON AND HIS BROOM.' The Rev. W. Osborne Lilley delivered a sermon last evening at the Ann-street United Methodist Free Church on the subject of Spurgeon and his Broom," in course of which he strongly condemned Mr. Spurgeon for his recent strictures upon the clergy of the present day. Taking for his text, 2nd Corinthians, iv., 2, "But have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not working craftiness nor handling the word of God deceit fully ; but by manifestation of the truth com- mending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God," he said that everyone would admit that was the true spirit in which the Christian minister should work, and taking the ministry of Christendom right through he believed there AS-US that desire and honesty of purpose There were, of course, exceptions. There were some men in the ministry who would be far better employed in breaking stones upon the road, but with respect to the ministry generally there was that disposition to be sincere, and to speak God's word with clear- ness and power. Mr. Spurgeon had a very different opinion to this, and had made a series of charges against the ministry, which if they disclosed the true condition of Christendom at the present time, showed that the Church of Christ was in a very serious condition. If it was so they ought all most earnestly to pray that God would remove the terrible evils which Mr. Spurgeon complained of. Mr. Spurgeon would take his broom and make a clean sweep of these men from his denomination, and he had taken his broom with that object, but all he had done was, like the man in the House of the Interpreter, to raise a terrible dust, which made it very difficult for many minds to see if the charges were true or not. He (Mr Lilley) decidedly said the charges were not true, with all due respect to Mr. Spurgeon, who was a man highly honoured of God; a man who had done a work in the Church that no other man had done in this century ; a man who had been the means of bringing thousands of souls to the knowledge of Christ Jesus ; a man whose sermons were spread throughout the whole world, and who as an orator and philanthropist had done a good and practical work. But great men were not always wise. They did not always understand the signs of the times, and in this case Mr. Spurgeon was at fault in basing become Uto accuser of his brethren unjustly and un- righteously. Mr. Spurgeon had not the judicial mind and had not sufficient balance to understand the present condition of thought in the religious world. He was an orator; he could make great declamations and could preach with immense power, but he had not the critical or judicial faculty, nor the power to decide what was essential in doctrine and what was non-essential. That was the general opinion in England of Mr. Spurgeon, and it had been expressed again and again by the highest thinkers in the church. Mr. Spurgeon had never had any sympathy with the development of theological thought, but had always rather see his face against it. Trained in the narrow Calvinistic school, and with his mind steeped in puritan literature, he was not willing to open his mind to any further light. He had admitted having doubts at certain times, but that he would not follow them up nor investigate them, looking upon them as sin. What would they say of the farmer or the doctor who toiled on in the old lines, refusing to accept the discoveries of modern times ? Yet that was the position which Mr. Spurgeon occupied. He would not think out his creed. He would not investigate nor accept the rosy fresh light from Heaven which had come upon the world during the last thirty years. How much deeper knowledge we now had of the languages of the people, and the manners and customs of the residents of Palestine-the country where the Bible was written than we had thirty years since. So, too, science had brought us greater light and moral science had breathed a more humane spirit into the world, but all that Mr. Spurgeon had resisted. He'hni said " I will stand as a rock; I will hold fast Ho my'^viûistiç views and stand there and the great surging waves of thought may dash byrne, but I will not be affected by them." The man who took that position was not in a true place to judge what was going on in the ministry of Christendom nor in a place from which he could give an opinion of his brethren, and so Mr. Spurgeon ought not to have accused them nor have made such dark charges as he had against them, men like Glover, Hunter, and Farrar, who had given their lives to the study of the Scriptures, and who were just as sincere and as honest, and as determined not come the word of God deceitfully" as Mr. Spurgeon himself. There was room in Christianity for all these phases of thought and that was its grandeur. They might all have their own opinions on the creeds, all teaching what they individually believed, yet all preaching Christ, and all declaring him the only Saviour and the only redeemer of the world. Mr. Lilley then took Mr. Spurgeon's charges against the clergy in detail, dealing with them one by one. The first he said was that of worldliness, that they no longer took delight in prayer meetings and so on, preferring to go to theatres and other places of amusement. That was not true. From what he (Mr. Lilley) knew of the ministry both here and in England, they did not look exclusively for amusements nor were they Saunters of theatres. A man of thought like the late Bishop of Manchester might be a promoter of church and stage guilds, and other ministers might go to see such plays as " Drink," or " Wages of Sin," or "Uncle Tom's Cabin," where the stage was becoming a kind of handmaid to the pulpit. He would not do it himself, because he would avoid the appearance of evil ; but some clergy men would do so to aid good men who were actors, and who as such were endeavouring to forward the interests of the community. The charge of worldliness was a very easy one to make, but if by it Mr. Spurgeon meant the enjoyment of nature and the good things of this life Mr. Spurgeon was as much to blame as anyone else, because he had a pleasant mansion, surrounded by everything that was bright and beautiful in nature, pictures and other luxuries in his rooms, and horses in his stables, so that he could drive down to his church, smoking his car as he went that is he used to smoke his cigar, whether he did so now or not. If that was worldliness Mr. Spurgeon was not the man to cast a stone at his brethren, but that was not worldliness. WorldlineSS was the embodiment of what was corrupt in the world and the love of it, and that was not true of the clergy of the day, who were trying to spiritualism everything, literature, politics, commerce, and amusements, and all that relates to human life. That was the tendency of the day. Not to pander to what was sensual and vicious, but to see that every creature of God was good and should be utilised for the glory of God. That was the grand spirit of the day, a revelation of the true meaning of Christianity, and the ministry were trying to spiritualism all things, and to teach Christian men that they must be Christians in their homes, and in their business, and in every action of their daily life. Mr. Spurgeon next charged the ministry of the day with heresy, saying that the inspiration of the Bible was decided, that the doctrine of the atonement was scouted, and that the punishment of sin was called a fiction. But what did Mr. Spurgeon mean by the inspiration of the Bible ? Was it his own view of what inspiration meant? There was a time when he, believed that every word of tho'J.''Epg high translation was divinely inaph'ed^anél directly given of God. The new school did not believe that, nor did he (Mr. Lilley) see how it could he believed when they know that the English translation was taken from Greek and Hebrew manuscripts which were not all alike, and so they could not believe that every word of it was given direct from God. They believed in the inspiration of the writers Holy men of God, speaking as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," but that sometimes, either from their own weakness or their failure to understand from the darkness of the period in which they wrote, they did not give a full expression of the meaning of the Spirit of God. There had been, therefore, a gradual unfolding of God's will. Saint John had a grander conception of God's will than Abraham, for John told them " God is love," while Abraham thought that God told him to murder his child. So there was progress running all through the Scriptures, influenced by the moral and mental characters of the writers and the circumstances of the times and the countries in which they lived the revolution gradually giving them . more light until at last the light of God Himself, came in its fullness in the person of Christ. That was what the ministry of the day believed the inspiration of the Scriptures to be Then! Mr. Spurgeon said the atonement was scouted, but what did he believe about the atonement ? Mr. Spurgeon believed that through Adam's small were accursed of God, and that little children were born to everlasting punishment. Mr. Spurgeon supposed that only a few people chosen by God would be saved, and that all the rest of the world would perish that Christ simply suffered for these elect ones who were to be saved, and only made up for the measure of their sins. He Mr. Lilley) could not believe in that way of looking at the atone- ment, for it would be a most unjust procedure, no could not believe that God would doom all the rest of the world to everlasting punishment, nor that He would exercise favouritism, and only elect a few to preserve them. Because he did not believe that, and thousands of others did not believe it, were they to be told that they scouted the doctrine of tho atonement? On the contrary, they believed in the atone- ment most fully and thoroughly-that only in the cross of the Lord Jesus Christ could they find salvation ; but they looked upon the cross as the expression of divine love God in the world, reconciling the world to Himself. They saw in the atonement the great revolution of righteousness and love by which every man who believed would be saved from his sins. That was the belief in the new theology, and they hold to it tenaciously. So they believed in the Holy Spirit as God Himself working in their souls and consciences and not merely as a part of God, as Mr. Spurgeon taught. In regard to eternal punishment, Mr. Spurgeon said they talked about the punishment of sin as a fiction, but let him read Stanley, Kingsley, Maurice, or Farrar, all of whom would tell him that what a man sowed, that must he reap that there would be punishment after death, but not that it would be kept on for over. Mr. Spurgeon believed that the lost would be tortured in hell for ever, but not consumed-kept in intolerable agonies with no relief; but the new theology did not believe it. They believed that there would be punishment in the future life, because every man took his own punishment with him. Each must be punished according to what he had done, but God would, they believed, do all he could to save each soul, and every soul he could not save God would in some way mercifully blot out of being. They believed this for three reasons. First, because the word eternal was only applied to God and not to the future of the lost. Secondly, because there were so many words meaning destroy, destruction, and so on, which were applied to it. Thirdly, because God had promised that in the end he would be all in all that he would sweep away all sin and remove all dark stains from his creation. Mr. Lilley concluded an eloquent address by claiming that they all as ministers agreed that nothing but Christ could save. All the Churches preached that, and though they did not lose themselves in these speculations it was possible to argue for the truth. He concluded with an earnest appeal for personal acceptance of the Saviour. 