THE DAY OF REST. THE VARIOUS MODES OF REVELA TION. The following is the sixth of a series of discourses on the fundamental Ideas of religion delivered 1)7 tbe Bev. Dr. Bevan in Collins-street; Independent Church. Be saidIn using tbe word Bevelation, I have already claimed lor it a wider signification than that to which it is generally narrowed. Beve lation is drawing back the veil, removing the con* cealing, and, in strictness, should be affirmed of whatever enables us to perceive God. There is a Bevelation of God in natural things. There has been a special Bevelation of God in a series of actions and persons particularly intended for that purpose. There is a perpetual Bevelation of God which is the result of His providential dealing with tbe race, partly in ita general government, and partly in the particular relation of the Christian Chnrch to human life and conduct. REVELATION IN THE WIDEST SENSE. I defend this wider use of the term by tbe ex* ample of St. Paul in tbe Bomans, where (t., 17,18), he says-"That the righteousness of God is re vealed in it, from faith to faith." Here he speaks of the Gospel as a Bevelation. But in the next verse he uses precisely the same expression, "For tbe wrath of God is revealed from Heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, which, trom the following passage, evidently refers to that general and universal manifestation of the will of God in His piovidential judgments upon sin* We thus, in harmony with the usage of Paul, affirm that there is a Itevelation of God wider than that oi which the record is. the Holy Scriptures* We have already dealt with the possibility of this Bevelation, and have treated more specially in rela tion to Bevelation in tbe narrower sense of the term, the proofs of it. We propose this evening to consider briefly the various forms in which that Bevelation has been vouchsafed. Tbey are, in general, three t-That of the nature of man in itself: that of the special acts of God, which were intended to be a Bevelation; that of the perpetually recurrent siens of presence and will in the Church. We might briefly indicate them by the Bingle terms-Man, the^Bible, tbe Church. NATURAL REVELATION. 1\. In the first place, God reveals Himself, and has permitted Himself to be made manifest to the spontaneous, original movements of human nature itself. Man's intellectual powers perceive a per* sonal and Intelligent will operating in the universe. This is as distinctly recognisable as tbe personalities which belong to any of the organized bodies which are like our own. infinitude and ubiquity are no limitatlona to our certainty in respect of this God bead of the universe. But man has reasoned down and lived down bis faith in a divine person, just as a man may (and there is some little peril lest men Bhould largely do it in our time) reason down and live down his sense of human personality. But God reveals Himself to the mind which is kept alert and pure Bnd in health. A sense of power, a convic tion of tbe presence of will, a Btrange and nappy feel* ing that there is One like ourselves who moves and inspires and fills all active being, these conditions take bold of the mind, if it only keep itself true to the laws ol its being, and sink not to the level of the earth, which Is its footstool, and the senses, which are its slaves. And with this revelation of power and will to the intellectual side of our nature there is also the added conviction of a moral being which our conrcience supplies. All life is under law. Every act is accompanied by a judgment which affirms its right or its wrong, and now we see Him, who Before was tbe mighty maker of the universe, rise to His throne of righteousness, and govern ail beings by His holy law. REVELATION EVERYWHERE. Now it is hardly necessaij^to show th»t the modes of this Bevelation are as numberless as the events of life. Everything that>3dsts, every event tbat is recorded, every action we note or do, furnishes us with pome opportunity of beholding God and hearing His voice. And we need not insist further upon this, except to plead tbat you will beep tbe faith strong and clear that God does thus reveal Himself in what we may call the natural and the secular spheres of life. It is a wicked atheism which would rob us of the belief in a world that ever proves to be a Bevelation of God. Men who deny all Bevelation upon tbe one side, and men wboBffirm that God only reveals Himself in some par ticular form, are at one in thus banishing God from tbe world which He has made, and from that life which He controls. For my part, I know not which is most wicked, and which will issue in the greatest evil} to, man's thought and life, the atheism of the professed denier of all divinity, or that which smountB to a practical denial of divinity in lite and nature. It is no honour to God to limit Him to one form of manifestation, and it is surely great dis honour to man to affirm that except in some specific manner God does not speak by or to him What wonder is it, with such doctrines, that men fall down to a pure materialism, and can see only the supremacy of material force, and recognise no divine meaning in all the variety of life which abounds on every side! What wonder that men rob this world of its wortb. and make the future to be tbe real scene of God's presence, and the only true home of man! It is a treason to the universal dominion of God. and an outrage upon that sense of the Father's presence which every child of divine power and love may enjoy. Cherish the faith, my brethren, and expect to find God in sunshine and in rain, in spring and in harvest, in the iruits of the earth ana in the working of man's busy brain, in ekill and art, in the home and in the marketplace, in the splendour of the heavens and in tbe various beauties of the lower earth. Thou art, 0 God, the light and life Of all this wondrous world we see; Its smile by day, its glow by night, Are but teflections caught from Thee, Jn every star Thy gloriea shine, And all things great and good are Thine! THE CHILDLIKE SOUL. And so a devout and childlike soul will ever live as in tbe midst of a nature and a course ot events where he may find his God. The eye that is prac ticed can see what the untaught eye must fail to distinguish. The ear that is ever alert to catch the fainted sound gains a quickness which in what is silent to another recognises the lowest indications of a voice. And so will the true believer see what none others see, <*nd hear what falls for the rest only upon the deafened sense. What a joy will thisjgive to him, what rapture, what strength1 life's pilgrimage will always have a companion, and life's battle always a comrade That companion, that comrade shall be God Himself. To such an one the fiercest fight will have tbe Captain of the Lord's host to lead it. And there will be many a song of gladness lifted by a heart so cheered tbat otherwise would have gone on in silence and gloomiest melan choly. Let no man, then, rob you of your belief in the presence of God, which any moment may be re vealed. It is here in the largest sense tbat He is with us evtn unto tbe end. REVELATION IN THE BOOK. But there is a Bevelation of God which is more medal, and which is particularly so called, that Bevelation of His character and will which the Bible records. Let us briefly consider the modes in which tbat Bevelation has been made. One ol the earliest passages in the Scripture declares tbat our first parents heard the voice of the Lord God speaking to them in tbe garden. A similar expression is found in the Book of Job, where God speaks to the patriarch out of the whirl wind. The prophets use expressions which seem to indicate that they heard a voice. We know that thrice during tbe life of our Lord there came a voice out of the excellent glory, and we may there fore conclude that one of tbe modes of Bevelation was that cf uttered and articulate speech. Whit could be mere natural than this! While we are un able to explain the physical formation of the voice we cannot conceive any more direct, any more ap propriate mode of a divine communication than by articulate speech. But the other great avenue to the human mind found in tbe sense of sight is also employed. Visions are given to men. Sometimes these come at night, and are like dreams. It is not unnatural to suppose tbe God should affect the various powers oi the body and the mind, and especially when the relation of the human organisation to the external world was suspended !n sleep, in order that ideas might be conveyed, or that the will of God might be made known toman. Appearanoes to the sight were also emnloyed, aa in the case of angels who were seen by the patri archs and others, real personages who* were seen by those to wljom tney were eent. In thejpeipetuation of Bevelation such as we have in tne laws and ritual of Moses and in the words of the prophets we find hints of both methods of Bevelation employed. God spoke to them. God caused them to behold certain sights and I persons through whom communication was established. Of these Bevelations-properly called the Word of God-the Bible is tbe record, and here we need not discuss the question as to how that record was either made or preserved. For our pur pose it Is enough that itte history of Scripture i« worthy of credence. We may test Its contents by tbote eigne of divinity which we considered in our iast discourse. Its proof of a divine Bevelation is in its character. God has spoken* for ire can see and recognise that the Word is divine. ALL CENTRED IN CHRIST. All methods of Bevelation, however, are snbsi* diary to, and, indeed, preparatory to that final and highest Bevelation which is given to us in Jesus Christ. Here the Word of God becomes flesh, and dwells among men. That power, that subsistence of the Godhead which is, indeed, the consciousness of God Himself, and most be concerned in any manifestation which God may make of Himself, comes into a special and unique relation with the son of Mary--the man Jesus Christ; and thus in per&onand; in character, in word and in work, God reveals His nature and His wilL REVELATION REASONABLE. Now, is not this exactly what reason would compel lis to expect? If onr first principle be correct (and we maintain that we fiod it in our own nature) that man perceives that there is without him a power and a will of which he is the offspring and the likeness; and if it be farther reasonable to expect that the creative and paternal, the original and governing nature should come into communica* tion with the created and filial, the derived and dependent being; and if, moreover, the highest form of being is personality, the highest mode of existence is the personal will, conscience, and character-if I say these things are rational, and fcurely nothing can be more in accord with nature then that sucn should be the case, then surely we may almost affirm that an incarnation of the supreme and universal will must take place in the form of the lower and the limited will, and that this should be in a personal life and work. THE AGREEMENT OF ALL THE RELIGIONS. All religions prove this. They have their dreams, their myths of incarnation. Christianity thus presents to the universal faith and longing of man their necessary completion, their desired satisfaction. Jesus Christ is the desire of the nations. He is the light after which they sought. He is the end of all human tmagtntngB, Be is the satisfying conclusion of all human reasonings. Man being man, demands a God man. God beiog God, gives His Son to be the Son of Alan. Thus is it that the testimony of the Bible is sustained by theunivenal voice of the human race. And we have the; explanation in the very nature of humanity of the true meaning of our Lord when He says, " I, if I be lifted up, vrall draw all men unto Ma" It is not only all modes of the divine revelation specially given which lead up to and are completed in Jesus Christ, but all the searchings, the strivings, the philosophies, the faiths, the znfgbty religions of humanity gather fn Jesus Christ the Son of God. It is to no sacrifice of reason then that we summon you when we ask you to receive Christ. It is, in fact, the dethronement of your reason when you refuse your belief in the Lord. And so forever enshrined in the heart of man has been the faith that God has spoken by His Son. All the world turns to Bethlehem, and the light that guided Eastern Magi will guide the whole human race to the feet of the tion of God born child of Mary* The air was still o'er Bethlehem's plains, As if the great night held its breath, When Life eternal came to reign Over a world of death. All nature felt a shiill divine When bunt that meteor on the night, Which, pointing to the Saviour's shnne, Proclaimed the new-bom light. lAphl to the shepherds! and the star Gilded their silent midnight fold; light to the wise men from afar, Bearibg their gifts of gold. Licht to a realm of sin and grief, Light to a world in all its need; The light of life-a new belief, Bising o'er fallen creeds. Light on a tangled path of thorns, i bough leading to a martyr's throne; A light to guide till Christ returns In glory so His own. There still it shines, while far abroad The Christmas choir sings now, as then, Glory, glory unto our God Peace and goodwill to men. HEAR THE CHURCH. HI. The last mode of Revelation to which we refer is that perpetual, ceaseless manifestation of the divine mil-the character and purpose of God, which is found in the Church of God, founded by Jesus Christ, and in which there has ever dwelt the Spirit of God. Some men assert that the roll of Revelation closes with the close of the canon of Scripture. All that man can learn is in the Book. The Book contains a perfect and complete system of truth; beyond it all is human error. The opposite school declares that the source of truth is in a definite and limited organization; that it has been given to the visible Church to declare what is the teaching of God's Word; and that outside of this tradition, authori tatively declared, there can only be false and pernicious error. DENIALS FALSE-AFFIRMATIONS TRUE. Both of these schools are wrong in what they deny; both bear testimony in what they affirm to different sides of what is the complete, the rational, and the truly catholic faith. Ail truth is one, and therefore harmonious. Hence all truth is found in £erm, or in relation, in the Word of God. Butthere is much in the development and the application of truth which the Bible does not contain, could not contain, from its personal, local, and therefore necessarily limited conditions. TRUTH EVER REVEALED TO THE TRUTH LOVING. Truth is also a living perpetual possession of the food and teachable. With this truth God has given lis Spirit, but not to any particular organization, whethtr with historic, or documentary, or contem* porary relations of communion. .It is found wherever men are simple and true, faithful and loving; and to these, therefore, God will still vouchsafe the revelation of Bis will and His purpose. Those were great words and brave which the old Independent minister uttered to his people as they were about to sail over tbe western ocean to find a land of liberty, and to found a home of peace and worship. "God hath yet much light to bringforth from His Word." And that bringing forth He haB not entrusted polely to ooy Church or Synod, to any school or age. Wide as Hie power is in nature, universal as His nrovidence in the government of the world, bo wide and free is tbe workingof tbe Holy Ghost among those who trust in God and serve the Lord Jesus Christ. We therefore grant to all the faithful their place in the great hierarchy of the Revelation, but we refuse to any of them a claim which they may wmirg to be tbe sole custodians or arbiters or interpreters of that Word. Catholicity has iti extensive as well as Its intensive meaning; and while to all we lovingly grant the name of brothers in Christ, we count so man as master but the Lord, and that Spirit of life whom He has given to all His people. LEARN PROM ALL. What, then, brethren, is our position, as wise mtn, in respect of this ever- gracious Bevelation of the will of God which is found in the living Church ? In the first place, we reverently and humbly would turn to every side of that Church that we may discover what is the will of God. I cannot believe that the form of communion to which we belong is tbe only one to which God has entrusted His Word, and by whom He is speaking to the world. 1 find so much to learn from other Cburches. So rich are my gains from those who do not walk with me-yes, even would brand me as heretic and schismatic, and even cut me off from all inheritance in the light of life-that I thankfully recognise the Spirit as it dwells among them and speaks by them. In all the Church God Is living. In all its life and change, in its various relations with the world, in the events which it helps or hinders, in all its varied relations to the complex civilization of our time, even In all the working of human affairs, I can still perceive the lines which God is tracing and htar the words which He speaks. BE READV TO BECOME THE MEANS OF REVELATION. And If this Is so, then shall we not finally be careful so to live that we may become Instruments of Bevelation which God may employ ? Who knows but that he may even now call the oourtier or the cotter, the ploughman or tbe prince, and make him to be a prophet and priestT God's messages not only come to lowly men in lowly wan, doing the duty of the race, but these he sends to be the messengers of His grace, the dispensers of His light. And what u He were thuB to use us? We will at least be ready. With the noble band, tbe illustrious line that stretches from the first of our race unto the last that has spoken some word God* given, we shall thus enter. Upon our head the light nay* fail. By our lips the word may be uttered. We may be touched with the altar ooal; we may have the cloven tonguB descend upon us. The Cay of Pentecost dawned. Bemember its sun bas never set, and for ever without surcease the Spirit lives among the people of the Lord, and reveals God onto the world. Oh, for the prophetic devotion t Oh, for the apostolic zeal! Oh, for the titnple-hearted faith of the believer! He shows not ! much to the wise And prudent, but He reveals it j onto babes. I 