S a c r e d H e a r t s c h o o l , N e w Y O W tr . T h e corner stone o f this building was laid yesterday afternoon, the Bight Rev. the Bishop performing the ceremony. Before half-past 3 there was a very large assemblage gathered on tCc scene to witness the event. The 8t. Joseph's Cadet Band was in attendance, and played a number o f selections iu a very creditable manner, under the leadership o f M r John Gee. A t 3.30 a procession formed at the church* and marched to tbe fiii e o f the new building, forminj up round the stone. Everything ha< been done to make the affair a success, and the comfort o f toote who atteoded had not been forgotten, seats having been provided for all. The Bishop o f Hobart thin performed the consecration service, being assisted by Dean Weeds. Fathers Gilleran, Beecmnor, Murphy, and Hennebry, The members of the Hibernian 8ociety were also prevent Ih e service haring been performed, the stone was laid in the customsiy manner. A bottle containing a cony o f the daily papers and some coin* o f the realm was placed in the cavity. TbeBishoptben performed theoeremony of blessing the stone. The Rev. P. F. Gleeson then preached from Ecries. vii., 25: “ Hast thou children P Instruct them." Hu s ail he did not believe that there was one passage more applicable to the present circumstances o f the Church than, the one he had put before them. They were there concerned simply aad solely with the matter o f eduoatioo. The subject was not new to them, and it, therefore, re ­ mained for him to endeavor to prevent it before them iu anew form, in order that they might, if possible, receive some additional light on so important a subject, and that they mi^ht respond, according to their individual ability, to the call that would be made upon their generosity at the conclusion. He would take three conrses, the first from tbe O ld Testament, another from the New Testament, and the third from tbe first pagan philosophers. all concerned with tbo question of education. In order that they might understand the matter the better, it would be well to go to the beginning, i They knew that Alm ighty God had certain thisgs in view when H e created tbe human souL Anterior to that period, when time was not, and whin God the Father, God the Son, and God the H oly Ghost were occupied with their own infinite perfection, let them go in spirit. I t was only a certain number o f years in the economy of God. Before tbat period God. being from eternity, must have hod an existence. How was God occupied before the creation of matter and spirit? IVhat was the work He was occupied in P I t was u work of contemplation o f His own infinite perfection. Iu order to work out upan the mjst perfect system the economy of creation, God extcrn&tcd; this action with which he was hitherto occupied. He applied to an outward act His omnipotence, and the outward act was manifested to them in the appearance of the material world. He Alternated His omnipotence by an overt act of creation — tbe creation o f matter and of spirit. By the creation of spirit he meant the creation o f the human soul. This was intimately connected with the occasion of their assembling on the present occasion, for when God created the lmm&n; soul lie breathed into it the breath o f life, <hat breath of life was a portion o f H is onx being Ae (ar as His essence was com munliable, so He communicated it. The humblest child that stood there that day had had the breath of Godhead infused, into it at the moment of its creation, and the sequence of this great attribute was that they were like unto God Him self ; they were reasoning and reasonable beings, and were therefore responsible. I f the human soul had this responsibility, bow did God in the manifestation His providence in the exercise the economy of creation, intend that that breath of life should be ployed? The words of the sacred text were, “ Hast thou children ? Instruct them." That was the first and that would be the last adrice communicated by God to the responsible parents. H e repeated to those gathered around him tbo words that were spoken some thousands of years *go. The foundation stone of i Catiulic school was laid where the chit dren o f the present generation wero to be instructed according to this commiod given by God. Coming to the N Testament they found the Lord ancient Judea one day walking with H i* disciples, His mission was then upoa H im ; He had but three years to ep«ak and Work One day tbe little children were gathered—as they were gathered on the present occasion— and tlis disciples thought that they might prove troublesome, importnnate, annoying. They cudeavored to put them away, but be He said, “ Suffer little children, and forbid them not to corns to Me " He asked tbe parents, in tbe same language, to “ forbid them not," but let them come to be instructed in the pallia of a spiritual life, s* that they might be strengthened against the battle they must engage in in tho after time, to provide them with weapons o f spiritual warfare, 60 that they might go out into the world end zoiugle with its occupations, and its distracting cares ; the I csbous which they had learned at tbe little Catholic flcho.il o f tho Church of the Sacred Heart. The lessons would come to their rescue when they templed by the snares of Satan. Passing to the Pagan philosopher Plato, hiB word* that Christian*, Jews, and Pagans had the one idea, that without education they would fail to attain the ends for which lhcy were created. Plato's words were, “ For the man is a noble spectacle only when the beauty and strength o f the wjf] are io harmony with the beauty and Btreogthof the body." N o matter how beautiful a man or a woman might appear to the oven of the world, i f th*r were not fair within, if the will were not endowed with facult es corresponding with tbe faculties of the body, then mao was not a noble spectacle; he was noble only when'he was virtuous- when the beauty o f the body corresponded with the beauty of tbe mind. In order to communicate tho Christian idea it was absolutely necessary that there should be beauty of mind. There w it but one medium to attain this, snd that was the Christian school. Iu the words o f Plato: “ The new born child ia not good, but he may become good if he be well brought u p .1 .Here they Lad one epitome of Christian knowledge and Christian education. He asked a aimpl question, Could they be well brought up in schools where it was not a part o f the ordinary curriculum, where it wasi not too duty and distinctive responsibility o f tbe teaoher to impart religious instruction? No, they could not. Parents should see that their children Veiit to those schools for which, the Church was responsible, and then ther would have a guarantee that toeir children would be well broncht up. I t bad been hi* privilege to visit many lauds in recent time*, ana in every I*na whioh ho bud visited b e ssw that tbe battle o f education was the battle o f the day, 'and It was too question which occupied Ihe minds o f the legislators o f a’l land*. In the great republic of America toe Irish people were making sacrifice*; they were compelled io do there what the people were compelled to do here — pay taxes towards build ing and maintaining a system o f publio instruction. 1 •In France, Italy, and other Christian countries it was the same. Thq^W fre; not therefore oalled upon to idake an exceptional sacrifice. Though they might be poor, still there were poor in oilier lands, ana they rose totheoccasioa* they rose, to their ; responsibilities, and id mado every w « y aawifice *w rifi*e to u v e tiu Uu> tender soul , that God had committed to their keeping. I f the child was not brought up carefully, it could not be a comfort to its parents ; and God wonld demand an account o£ that parent, who would bare to render a strict. acooont. iu many instances a parent would be judged and condemned for his want o f attention in tho matter o f Christian education. Ho hoped the church wonld remain a monument o f their real and of their generality. H e concluded by earnestly appealing to his heavers for their help in the work before them. , , The Bev. Father Hennehry then spoke M few words, lh cy had entered into a responsibility of £640. and had only in hand at the present tim e £5 or fio H e announced iliat the Bishop had contributed another £5 towards the school. Offerings were tiu-a placed on the sione, and the ram of £127 collected, 