Prospects for the Corowa Show. TBt Teleseaph.I Coeotva, Monday. — Heavy rain fell during yesterday, but tbe weather is fine and clear to day. The country is ewamped in water, and the rivers and creeks are high and rising. The Corowa Show, which opens to-morrow, will be sadly handicapped hj the bad state of the coun try roads. Active preparations are, however, being made to render it as successful as possible. The town is rapidly filling with people in antici pation of the event, and a carnival time is ex pected. ________^___^ Bishops En Toub. — The following party of Roman Catholic prelates left Sydney yesterday afternoon to attend the consecration of the mon astery at Waratah, and to visit West Maitland and the surrounding districts, viz. : — His Emi nence Cardinal Moran, the Archbishop of Mel bourne, the Bishop of Goulburn, the Bishop of Ballarat, the Bishop-elect of Sale, Dean Dona ghy, Dr. O'Haran, and Rev. Father Callabor. Dickens' Cesistmas Carol. — Mr. Locke Rich ardson again recited the Christmas Carol, last night, in the Young Men's Christian Associa tion Hall, before a large audience. The recitation served to display in a very striking manner the very great retentiveness of the reciter's memory. He not only read without the aid of a book Dickens' agreeable tale, but he declaimed and acted it. If the ghost of Dickens could have seen the dim eyes of the more tender-hearted part of the audience, as the difficulties which the poor have to contend -with were described, and then the radiant smile which more or less lit. up the countenances of all present when the conversion of old Scrooge -was announced, along with the . purchase of the big turkey and the merry Christ mas that fcllowed, he would have returned to Elysium a happy ghost, proud of his earthly work, and pleased with the reciter. Proposed Dtxnek to Me. Pnii,. Sobinsox. — The members of the Contingent are to meet &t; the rooms of the Direct Fish Supply Company, 111, Pitt-street, this afternoon, to make arrange ments for the' entertaining of Mr. Phil. Robinccn, the war correspondent, and who took a lively interest in the Auettaliane when ia tbe Soadftfc 