MR. PHIL. ROBINSON'S OPENING LECTURE. The time is 3 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, j the place the interior of the Bijou lheatre, : and the occasion Mr. Plnl. Robinson a first appearance in Melbourne as ft public iec- < turer. livery Beat in the dress circle and stalls has fonnd an occupant, and toe | orchestra, receives the overflow ot the latter The upper parts of the house are only rringea with auditors, and these are not the ordinary frequenters of the family circle and gallery. It is ft representative gathering, for tnc Bench, the University, the learned profca sions, commerce, and the press have ail i contributed their quota to the audience. And it is also critical. "One cannot write: or | speak upon any Bubjeet in Melbourne, was the remark of Dr. Moorbouse, without finding someone who is just as well postea up in it, and who will be down upon you with a correction if you happen to matte a mistake." And bo. upon Saturday atternoon, when the lecturer is in doubt about the proper name of a gallant officer, "Wrench, criesis voice in the gallery, and W rench it was. But this is anticipating. A few minntes after 3 the curtain draws up, and discloses a chamber scene, lticre is the prompter's tabe, with the inevit able. carafe and tumbler on it, and there is the screen behind which Joseph Surface is accustomed to hide "the pretty little 1*rench milliner," and a pair of curtains, from which no ghost or assassin will emerge in the miasc of a thrilling situation this attcrnpon. Mr. Robinson appears at the prompt Bide ot the stage, a well-kuit man of 40 or thereabouts, in an evening costume and with a crush uat. His reception is cordial rather than enthu siastic. The last time a famous journalist presented himself before a Melbourne audi ence he was received with acclamation, and he proved to be a disappointment. A his time the public reeervea its plaudits as well as its judgment, and it may as well be said, once for all, that the latter was so entirely favourable that the former were as hearty as they were frequent. Mr. Robinson has a light, clear voice, which fills the Bijou Theatre without any difficulty, and he dispenses with either booK or notes. He uses very little gesture or action, adopts a conversational style of delivery, and is an agreeable raconteur rather than a pro fessional lecturer. His manner and matter are those of a man of the world entertaininR a number of guests with fluent and pleasant after-dinner talk concerning incidents and personages of exceptional interest, and flavoured with a dry humour which gleams out in unexpected places, and causes the narrative to be interrupted by a ripple or laughter or an outburst of noisier merri ment ... The speaker begins by explaining the prin ciples upon which a war correspondent is selected. He is the man who can be beat spared from the office ; and his instructions are to furnish his newspaper with the earliest, fullest and most accurate reports, and not to get killed. He endeavours to obey both, especially the latter. The first time be him self was under fire was during the Afghan war, when the British troops occupied a plateau at which tbe Afghans had been en gaged in artillery practice for 17 years. Here a shell came screeching past him with a sound like that of 40,000 howling devils, caus ing every hair in his ecalp to stand on end—literally, and not metaphorically. He was told to lie down, and he did so without a second admonition. Descending a reedy slope, in which hiB attention was arrested by some novel species of flowers and butterflies, he was struck by tbe clicking sound of what appeared to be innumerable grasshoppers leaping about in the rustling reeds, and wob rather disconcerted at finding that ttiia was the crackling of rifle bullets from the enemy. In the second Afghan cam paign, Mr. Robinson had a narrow escape of being shot by a British regiment in mistake for the head of an Afghan reinforcement In Candalinr he went with Colonel Sartorms marketing in the Bazaar, in the midst of a hostile population, which made it necessary for him to stand back to back with his com panion, and to keep a loaded revolver in his hand. Suddenly they beard a row in the dis tance ; what was at first a murmur grew into a roar, followed by the dash of sabres, and the crack ot revolvers. Oat surged a mob of British Eoldiere, forming two streams, in the middle of which was a solitary Afghan, clotned in a camel's hair robe, who ever and anon sprang forward'like a cat, and stabbed the infidel red-coats, five of whom he killed, besides mortally wounding three others. The soldiers lunged at him, but his voluminous robe weakened the effect of their weapons As the fanatic approached the spot where Colonel Sartorias and the speaker were stand ing, tbe eyes of the Afghan, which had pre viously glared, kindled into flame, and just as he was crouching down to spring upon the two men who stood in his path, a sepoy clove bis head in two, and the Mahom medan fell at their feet, thanking Allah, with (his last breath, and happy in j the assurance of a joyful reception m ] Paradise as the reward for having destroyed l so many infidel dogs. After giving a humorous description of bow he escaped the clumsy weapon of an Afghan lying in ambush, and armed something likcthebeggarin" Gil Bias," Mr. Robinson proceeds to narrate a midnight excursion which be and 17 officers made to Isandula a fortnight after the memorable mftBB&cre; there, and how, in the grey dawn of roondug, the little expedition found itself surrounded by16.000 Zolns, from whom there was no possibility of escape, except by way of the Fugitives' Drift, an awful gorge, In descending which- the very horses scrcanifed with terror. When they reached -what appeared to be an impassable moras* j the cliffs above flamed with musketry, and the IS officers closed up in tbe midst of this feu dfenfer, and marched as calmly as on parade. On reaching and Bwimming the Buffalo River the Zulus owned fire on them, but as their rifles were sighted at 1,500 yards, | and the distance was leas than 40, not one of j their bullets told, and the whole of the ad-1 venturous little party reached the camp un-, harmed. - Mr. {Robinson then gives a graphic account of the death of the Prince Imperial, who was not popular in the camn, and whom be deacribe* b3 Raving the pluck of bis family, combined with the theatrical instincts pf his nation,] Lord Chelmsford is primarily responsible for his death in allowing him to leave the camp without a proper escort of * Bdsutosij who 'ate more than a match for the.-. Zulus .in craftiness, ond for hftving permitted him to take command of4he party. But even after he' had been htitack dirtrn his life might have been sawd, ^s that o! a corporal was, if iLifctitebdnt Carty had not been a coward.; Mttlmim Fflhce Imperial ran a hundred 9^s, ana' S9>iding unarmed, with his back to A WftlVme death with oo much royalty in —' Attitude that, as the Zulus atter 'theywere for a time awed r .Jed $f> complete their bloody > the men under Gamy, they bJsjfoUfooztett. Mr. Robinson managed to get the conduct of the inquiry into the causes of the Prince's death into his own hands, and then rode 87 miles to the nearest telegraph station to send a message to London, which cost£1.200 in the transmission. No other paper hut the Daily Telegraph re ceived the news j and a fortnight afterwards, when Lord Chelmsford heard of its despatch, he turned white with rage. In describing the first Egyptian campaign Mr. Robinson pays warm tribute to the high qualifications of Generals Woleeley and Frederick Roberts, i and Bpoke ot the excellent terms upon which 1 they are. Roberts, he says, would like to work as chief of the staff under Wolseley, against the Russians, and no combination | could beat them. A vivid picture is given of the march to and the night attack on Tel el-Kebir, and the whole scene is brought before the eyes of the audience by Mr. Robin son's concise and animated narrative. Speak ing of the Australian contingent intheSoudan, he remarks that nothing could be more unlike Boldiers than they were when they landed. Their drill was pathetic, but in a fortnight they had pulled themselres together so well that Graham said he had never seen anything like it. They were ready to volun teer for any work. Whatever the Imperial troops did the Australians were eager to emulate, and their only disappointment was that there was 110 fighting. Mr. Robinson also speaks highly of the plnck and energy of the •Australian war corres pondents, and concludes by expressing his grateful sense of the courtesies and kindnesses he has received in a com munity composed of people who are as English as the English, as Scottish as the Scotch, and as Hibernian as the Irish. It must be added that every time the raconteur takes out his watch to see how long he had been talking, the audience gives him to understand that it is by no means time to stop, and that the expressions of satisfaction are general and unequivocal. i 