&n; ^ ©minims (JDutlook. ~ / . (By Bishop Ryle.) What is the real condition of the Church of England in the present day? i find it extremely difficult to answer that question. At a first glance we seem t o be in a very satisfactory state. There is a great amount of stir, and bustle, and activity which did not exist fifty years ago. There is undeniably a great show of life. But what does it come to after all in the sight of God? How much increase of spiritual life is there behind this great outward appearance of ecclesi astical prosperity 1 I repeat that I find it very difficult to answer these questions. Deeply thankful as I am for the material advances which our Church has certainly made, and the quantity of ecclesias tical machinery which haB been set up, I wiBh I could feel satisfied .t.Vinf. all ia Tiering. Vl^lnwr ffl*i onr-fana 1^ni» a-vnvooainrr +V110 -Faoltnr* t\Q doubt I know that some of my friends will think me a gloomy pessimist. There are not a few amiable Churchmen, especially in high places, who can never see anything wrong in our condition. They live in a happy complimentary frame of mind, and are always putting their telescope to blind eyes when faults are pointed out. I question the wisdom of their excessive optimism about the state of our Church. At all events I see some very black clouds in our horizon which threaten mischief, and I think it a plain duty to call your attention to them. I look at those clouds with great uneasiness. Unless they disperse we may suddenly find ourselves some day in a crash of some tremendous catastrophe like an earthquake. The sun rose as usual on the day when Sodom was burned by fire from heaven. The eruption of Vesuvius buried Pompeii without any warning. The recent convulsions of the earth in Java and New Zealand were not preceded by premonitory symptons. The Charleston earthquake began in a moment. It may be the same with the Church of Eng land. Let us not be high-minded, but fear. . The first and worst cloud that I see in our Church's outlook is the wide- spread disposition to regard religious externalism as a substitute I for vital Boul-saving Christianity. . . The second thing which I I see with pain is the growing tendency to ignore all distinct docirine. I Tiie leading idea of many minds in this day appears to be, that it I does not signify much what a man believes or teaches about what I are commonly considered the principal verities of the Christian I faith. A wave of extravagant liberalism in religion, as well as in | everything else, is sweeping over England. Concerning the Trinity, s the Divinity of Christ, the Atonement, the Person and work of the I Holy Ghost, conversion, justification, the inspiration of Scripture, I the future state, and the like, it seems to be agreed that men may f believe as much or as,' little as they please, and nobody is to find I ' fault. The only question you are to ask is whether a man is I 'earnest, sincere, and zealous,' and if he ia, you are not to ask any I thing more. It is thought very narrow and illiberal to say that any I opinion in religion is false, or that anybody is unsound in the faith. I DiBtinct and positive statements about anything in Christianity are I thought downright uncharitable. All the old dogmas are to be held [ in solution, and never to be put forward in a solid, tangible state, or f to be put forward in such a foggy, misty manner that, like a half I developed photographic plate, they are never to come out distinct, ' sharp, and clear. I challenge anyone who observes closely the pulpit utterances of this day, or reads platform speeches which touch religion, to deny the accuracy of what I have just said. Now all this, no doubt, sounds very noble, and. generous, and liberal. It is in perfect harmony with the political tendencies of the age, which all lean in the direction of the principle, that everybody is to be allowed todo what he likes, and to be at liberty to do anything except commit suicide, theffc, or murder. Moreover, these ideas save men a great deal of trouble in the way of thinking and inquiry in order to find out truth. But the question still remains to be answered, Can this indifference to doctrine stand the test of cross-examination ? Is it really true that there are no limits to the Church's comprehensive ness 1 If it does not matter what we believe, where is the use of the Bible, Creeds,. Confessions, and Articles of Faith? We may as well throw them aside as useless lumber. Besides this, does history show that any good work has been done in improving human nature dur ing the last eighteen centuries by any instrumentality except that of distinct and positive doctrine ? Did the Apostles turn the world upside down by proclaiming everywhere, ''Be earnest, be sincere, be moral, be charitable, and it does not matter what you believe?' Did the early fathers or the Continental and English reformers work on these lines ? Do the missionaries to the heathen abroad, or to those who are practically heathen at home, ever obtain success without distinct doctrinal statements? And to come home to ourselves at last, is there a man or woman among us who would be content on a deathbed to be told, 'Never mind what you believe ; if you are in earnest you will go to heaven?' Questions like these demand very serious consideration. I commend this whole subject to the attention of all who hear me. I am convinced that it is a very dark spot in the outlook of our Church at the present time, and I apprehend great danger in this quarter. I admit most fully, and have always main tained, that the Church of England is eminently comprehensive, and that all the three great schools of thought, High, Low, and Broad, were intended to have room in her pale. But surely we must stop somewhere. There is such a thing as liberality and breadth of thought gone mad. We all know very well that the first steps to infidelity are to be found in the theory that all faiths are false and destitute of foundation. But I confess that the modern notion that all faiths so-called are equally good and true appears to me just as dangerous, and just as replete with mischief, to men's Bouls. A third black cloud which I see in the present outlook of the Church of England is* the almost entire suspension of ecclesiastical discipline. . . . The last, but not the least, cloud in the out look of the Church of England is the slowness of the Church, as a body, to take up the important subject of Church Eeform. We live in very perilous times, and when a Bishop has so good an opportunity as he has at a Diocesan Conference, he ought to use it and speak out all his mind. I have great faith in the strength and vitality of the Church of England, if Churchmen will only do their duty, unite, ' and set in order the things that are wanting.' We are far stronger than we were in 1747, when the famous Bishop Butler refused to be made Archbishop of Canterbury, saying: 'It was too late for him to try to support a falling Church.' We are ten times stronger than we were a hundred years ago, and we might be stronger still if we were not so miserably divided. On one point, at all events, I think we shall all be agreed. We need more of the presence of that Holy Spirit who alone can make men of one mind in a house. For that presence let us all pray night and day. Let a , cry go up from every parish in the diocese : ' Lord, revive Thy work among ub year by year, and send down upon us more of the grace of the Holy Ghost.' — Conference Address. 