cycling gossip. by ixion. The Melbourne Bicycle Club had a brilliant assemblage on the Melbourne Cricket ground last Saturday afternoon on the occasion of their November race meeting. The grand stand was filled, chiefly with ladies, who in their bright spring colors lent an especial charm to tho gathering, which was a largo one, as nearly 11,000 persons passed through the gates. The M.C.C. ground never looked better. The bright green grass of the cricket fiold was backed up by thedarkorfoliageofelins and oakswhich sur round tho ground, while over tho well tilled pavilion floated' the green and gold flag and monogram of tho M.B.C. for tho first time. Mac had his track closely cropped aud as hard as a board, and but for the wind everything was favorable for fast times. Now for a few lines on tho Austral Wheel raco, which, by the way, is to be an annual eveut for the big prize of the year. Out ot 45 names ou the card 34 came to the post. Such a gay field of riders had never neiore been scouou the Melbourne racing path. There were the Bussts with tneir plain black aud white colors, and Snackotford in his black and yollow hoops; then there wero riders in red satin, yellow satin, blue, green, cardinal and other colors,- altogether presenting a inout effective eceue. Afier tho usual " Are you ready Y ' the pistol banged, aud 34 pairs of wheels moved off at lightning speed. Tue limit men could not long remain ut the hcud of the liclii, tor the middle ineu ehowed splendid form. Amougst these were Baitmsou, Swan, Hall and LatnUion, who got up to the front iu the filth lap and rode at such apace tuat the scratch aud backmarkmen had no possible show of catcfiing up. There was certainly great excitement manifested over tbo race, botu by iho riders aud onlookers ; but amongst the latter it was oi a confused kind, and awoke none of that euthusiosm which a sterling race wilt always do. The forward men rode in an excited and yet determined way. Lambton evidently knew the race was his owu, but yet he watched Campion and Battiuson most eageriy and seemed to fear a great ruMi irom someone in the rear. When tue bell rang it was seen that only Borne half a dozen riders had the ghost of a show of win ning. Cainpiou, a strong rider, kopt close company with the Sydney muu till in the final struggle Latnbiou drew away and won by nearly a length. There was something disap pointing about the race, aud very little encer- mg utter it wus over. Although a young man, LumuiOh is by no moans a new rider, for he has boon praoiising the art for nearly half a dozen years aud won a number of prizes. Seeing that he has ofceu been placed ou the scratch line iu Sydney, it would seem ob though Mr. Spicer uiudu a mistake in giving him 210 yaruif. Next Saturday tho Victorian Cyclist Union holds a race meeting on tbo Warehousemen's cncaot ground, when tho 25 mile champion ship of Victoria will be ruu. On this occasion this eveut shouldjprove highly iutorostiug, for a time sUiudard has been fixed bo as to prevent loufiug' Besides this eveut there is a one mile race lor prizes valuo X30, and a club race of the Northern District club. The 3ullarat clubs hold a raco mooting to day on the Eastern Oval. A professional race is on the programme, for which F. Wood bus entered uud been placed on the scratch liue. This rider is just now iu fine form, and pur poses an attempt at record breaking on the Warehousemen's track shortly. Tho first Victoria cycle to arrive in Austra- lia reuched Melbourne by tho Ormuz this week. The machine has boeu imported by Singer and Co. tor the Melbourno club. It will beat four riders, and it is said tho machine can bo made to go faster than any other make of cyclo, Barades of clubs at race meetings gcuorally please tho public, ut I think they will crop ouiof the programed. Now that Nohavesuoha largo number of racing men, a paradu of racing men in costume presents twico an effective display, as was provod by this event last Satur day at the M. B. C. races. A mistake was made in placing this event an tho cards after tho great race was over, as moil naturally disliked turning out when overheated; however, 30 raciug meu out of tho 94 present paraded and even with this small number tho display was much appreciated. 1 bciiuvo tho Melbourno Club will make a good profit ovor tho race meeting. This looks wot!, considering over X400 worth of trophies wero given away and a largo amount spout in expoa6cs. At tho last moment the races wero thrown opon to all amateurs aud this action created such a friendly feeliug amoagt wheel men, that it socms likely all will now work to gether to bring about tho desired uniou of our cycling legislators. . ' Ot course the most successful prize taker laBt Saturday wosH. H. Lambton with 41205. J. J. Campion coming second with 4170 worth and D. \\\\\ bwan third, with 4,'26 worth. 