MELBOURNE SPORTING. (FROM OUtt OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Mondat Evening. Jiuo intense heat the past week, and on Saturday in particular, had eomo influence in reducing the amount of general interest taken in racing matters, and at Caulfield on Saturday the attendance was greatly militated against by oho unpleasant warmth of the surroundings. There was, however, a very fair gathering under tho circum stances, but it was not old Sol alone that made it hot for fchnao r»r/»flnnf. fn vr»m»_ ites did not come in as backers could have desired, and as somo very warm things went to the post carrying a lot of money, the sultriness is apparent. The first event on the V.A.T.C. pro gramme was the Selling Bace; of 1G0 aovs., the winner to bo sold for J&0\. A flutter of four furlongs brought out twelve runners — 'Warfield, Ariel, Seaweed, Ambassadress, Miss Parnell, Meers chaum, Breeze, T.I?,, The Ghost, Baron, and Firebrace. Ariel wan carrying the top weight of Gst. 91b., and was justly made favourite on his Moonoe Valley perform ance, and went out at 2 to 1. Mr. C. L. M'Donald's chestnut gelding justified the support accorded him, and came in an easy winner in GOJsec. This was a good start for backers, but their luck did not long continue. Tlie next event was tho Oakleigh Handicap, one of the plums of the meeting, of 250 sovs., with a sweep stakes of 3 sovs. each for acceptors, five furlongs and a half. The twenty horses whose names appeared on the card ail went to the post, the list being: — Mad- delina, Munwyrtina, Bonnie Doon, Phaon, Evie, Honora, Damocles, Surprise, Cad land, Marie Louise, Jim Cain, Magnifier, Louise Berta, Devotion, St. Leonards, Hot Iron, Chicago, Sirocco, Seaweed, and Master John. The latest betting was 3 to 1 Surprise or Chicago, G to 1 Master John, 8 to 1 Maddelina or 'Honora, 10 to 1 Sirocco. With such performers the race was regarded as a pretty open one, but Chi cago was considered something very good, while the followers of Gorry put their money upon his mount, Surprise. The race resulted in a fine finish between Surprise and Master John, the former winning cleverly by a neck, a length separating Master John from the third horse Chicago. This race was pretty well a drawn game between the public and books, but de cidedly in favour of the latter, although the gentle P. had pretty well the first race to the good. The five furlongs aud a-lialf were done in lmin. 9.]sec. The Handicap Hurdle Race was the next event on the programme. The race was 200 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 3 sovs, each for ac ceptors. Of the 11 names on tlie card the only representatives who did not put in an appenr.mce were Goodwood, who was being kept for the big sticks, and Eugenie, the starters being Huntsman, Revenge, Mirth, Footman, Encore, Louis, Sinking Fund, Spartan, and Roy. Huntsman was made farourite at 5 to 4 against, En core's price being 5 to 2, while G to 1 could he. obtained about Louis, about whom unpromising reports had been re ceived from the stable. Louis was kept well up, but made the winning run on the flat, and after a most determined finish, ridden out at their hardest, just managed to defeat Sportsman by less than half a head. Encore was third, three lengths aw a)', Huntsman fourth, five lengths further back, Footman, Roy, Sinking Fund, and Revenge in the order named, whilo Mirth, who fell at the last hurdle, was whipper in. The time for the event was 3mm. 28sec. Next came the Criterion St.ikes, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each for acceptors, with 200 sovs. added ; for two-year-olds ; 65 subs, j five furlongs. Those to go to the scratch were. Bedonin, Casuist, Sunshade, Albert Loddon, Lieder tafel, Pingara, Branchiopoda, and Willara, the only name erased from .the... card being that of the Hon. W. Pearson's Glamour, the Gippsland Bpn*tsman having placed life trust in 1 Bo louin, who went out favourite at 5 to 4, Casuist's price being 4 to 1, while 6 to 1 could be obtained about Albert Loddon or Willara. This was another blow for the gentle public, as Albert Loddon won by half-a-length, through Bedouin's sluggish ness and delay in making his effort. He. came too late, to the grief of his sup porters. Willara gained third place. The tine for the five furlongs was lmin. 3£sec. The event Of the dav. tlip TTnmlinrm Steeplechase, followed. It was of 300 sovs?, with a sweepstakes of G sovs. each for acceptors ; two miles and a half. The twelve on the card all went to the post, the names being Studley, Ruby, Goodwood, Roulette, Promotion, Little Jack, Hunts man, Marmion, Sweetmeat, Moonlight, Framlingham. Salesman. Tho betting1 was 4 Jto 1 Studley or Promotion, 5 to 1^ Ruby, G to 1 Goodwood or Marmion, 8 to 1 Sweetmeat. At the i first fence there was an accident, , but how it occurred, no one was certain, but in an instant four horses and four riders were on the ground at once. Hunts man (Kain), Moonlight (Allen), Framling ham (M'Gowan), and Salesman (W. S. Cox, jun.) Some said Framlingham, others : that Salesman and Huntsman came down first, but I feel certain it was tho first named. M'Gowan received some iniurv from tho horses hoofs, his face being cut and his head badly bruised, while ^the preliminary medical examination seemed to show that he had lost the sight of an oye. Ho was at once taken to the Hospital, and the progress made towards recovery I shall acquaint your readers with by wire. Cox received a bad shaking, but nothing serious, and Kain and Allen escaped without injury. No other accident occurred. Good wood kept .well up through the race, but in the last three-quarters of a mile, Promotion fell back to nowhere. Roulette was second and the favourite third, followed by Ruby, Promotion, Little Jack and Mar mion, Time, 5min. 37sec. Next came the i last race of tho day, the Hawkesburn Handicap, of 250 sove., with a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each for acceptors, one mile and a quarter and a distance. Empress was the only absentee, the Btarters being Lord Wilton, Britisher, Hogmanay, Kohai, Chuckster, Gipsy^s Warning, King of tho West, Salvo, Lesbia, 'and Metal. There were only two horses in tlie betting. Lord Wilton at 2 to 1 and Britishor 3 to I, The Ballarat coach was in the humour, and camo out in the straight splendidly, and won by a leiigth and a half in,2min. 29isec. ^ When Britisher came in an easy winnor in the Hawkesburn Handicap, it did im prove the tempers of the supporters of the ?Ballarat double. Promotion and Britishor, ?nrVtn worn lmnnlra/1 nnf nv» ? This doublo was laid very freely, and tho downfall of Promotion was ultimately a dauBe of rejoicing to tho 'double event books. A fow trebles havo been laid, Newmarket Handicap, Australian Cup, and Champion, the. selections most in favour' being Vol cano, Nelson and Trident, or Mitrailleuse, Nelson and Trident. Tho New Zealand nominations aro hold in high estimation in some quarters, and are being backed freely. I think, however, that Caulfield and tho Hon. J. White's stables will give the first two out of three at any rate. Great regret is expressed here at the news of the serious nature of Commotion's injury. The veteran has the front of liis shoulder broken, and the injury may in capacitate him from stud duty. In this event it will be a serious loss to his owner, as Mr. Peart/on had an American offer for the horso ofy 3500 sovs. The attendance of His Excellency tho Governor at Caulfield on Saturday led to remarks tUat Sir Henry Loch has a keen appreciaticffl, and it is whispered that like other governors ho may yet sport his own colours on she turf. Sir Henry has not in any way inflated as yet that he lias any intention of setting '.up a^ racing establish ment, but shouldjho do so his colours, espe- cially if born to tho front' a few times, would become very popular. A mean - trick was played upon a press man by his colleagues at Caulfield on Satur day. Tho law reporter of a Melbourne daily, who, by-the- bye, had no ticket of entry to tho press-room, found his way into the sanctum of the scribes and demolished tho bottle of claret provided for thirsty reporters, leaving about a glass in the bot tom. Ho then departed, but in his ab soncc the bottle was filled with nauseous coloured water, :imj on his return the legal scribe was rejoicing to find what he termed a new bottle of claret. One dose of the mixture was enough, and the lover of claret departed to a shady place to be ill. The election of a judge and slipper for the Victorian Racing Club was conducted on Friday evening, and a considerable number of coursing men sent in applica tions, including several veterans. The veteran Banner was displaced as slipper by tho election of Mr. Georgo Bignell to the position, while Mr. Callord, who acted last year and did not give universal satis faction, was elected judge. It seems that the elections turned, to a certain extent, upon a question of money. Tho V.C.C. is cutting down expenses, and the applicants knowing this, framed tho applications more as tenders. Although good men may have been appointed, tho fee should not have been reduced, as competent officers are worth the money previously paid. Harriman, the American walking man, who arrived here some months ago, has not found pedestrianism a lucrative calling in the colonies, and is now engineer or 'grip man on a tram car. Honest work, and it will not hurt him, and other athletes when down in their luck, micrht well fol low the example set them by Harriman, who, I may add, looks remarkably well in his uniform. The wrestling match, Harry Dunn against Thomas and Blackburn, one down the other como on, to have taken place on Friday next, is unlikely to come off. Who is in fault I am not prepared to say at present, but the deposits have not been planked down to date. Some interest was taken here in the an nounced arrival of Mitchell, the wrestler, at Sydnoy, it being thought it was Charlie Mitchell. Thero is, however, a doubt as to which is Buckingham, and it is thought that it cannot bo Charlie Mitchell. 