ALR. SPURGEON'S SECESSION. (FROM THE NEW TOilK "CHRISTIAN UNION.") Mr. Spurgcon is to-day, In the wideness of hit reputation, if not in tbe extent of hii influ ence, one of the foremost preachers in the Pro- tcitant Church. "When such a man withdraws from the annarcnt and visible fellowshio of his brethren in tbc ministry, the event creates naturally no little excitement and is ordinarily one of no little significance. Mr. Spurgeon has not withdrawn from the Baptist denomination, but from the Baptist Union, a voluntary asso ciation of Baptist ministers and laymen. His action in this reipect resembles in its ecclesias tical character and effect Mr. Beecher's with drawal from tbe Congregational Association of New York and Brooklyn some years before his death. Here, however, " tbe resemblance ceases. Mr. Beecher with drew because he wa3 so far progressive in Lis theology tbat hie views were unsatisfactory to some ot his fellow-members, and he with drew in the interest of peace. Mr. Spurgeon withdraws because his views are more conser vative than tho.se of many of his fellow-mem bers, and he withdraws as a means of bearing witness against what ho regards as rery aerions theological errors. Mr. cipurgcon i3 a curious admixture, a double personality — a aerenteeuth century man in thought, a nineteenth century man in action. He is a great admirer of the early Puritan divines. His library is rich in their works upon theology and upon Biblical in terpretation. He has lived in this atmos phere of Puritan thought, and from it ba's drawn the material for his own theological thinking and teaching. In the aggres sive epirit of the nineteenth century, in its missionary zeal, in its endeavor to apply re ligious truth to evory-day experience, be is I empbaticahy a man of tbe nineteenth century ; but in theological thought he is a child of and belongs to tbe seventeenth century. Bucb a man almost inevitably looks upon tbe wide and growing divergencies of thought from the philosophic forms in which it was formerly held a3 a divergence from Christian truth and principle ; nor :s he at all able to interpret that hia brethren in the ministry in his description of 44 professed orthodox Christians publicly holding union with those who deny the faith, call the fall of man a fable and ci-oy tbe per sonality of the Holy Ghost," we do not for a moment believe, and we speak with some know- ledge of the sentiments and opinions of the liberal men in tbe Baptist Church, both in England and in America; his portraiture of their sentiment come3 no nearer the original than Dr. Boardman'a portraiture of New Theology at the .Springfield meeting— a por traiture which evoked indignant protest from the men to whom he bad im puted snch an extraordinary and chaotic system. Wc have no doubt that Mr. Spurgeon describes what he sees; bat what he sees is a creation of his own brain. That the progres sive ministry in all denominations hold dif ferent Tlews respecting both inspiration and atonement from those which Mr. Spurgeon find3 in the I'uritan divines of the seventeenth century we do not doubt; but tbat they bold that the world is saved by the sacrifice of Christ, and tbat tbe revelation of tbat sacrifice as the ground of the world's salvation is set forth in the Christian Eerip.tures, is abso lutely certain. Mr. Spurgeon's withdrawal from the Baptist Union ia chiefly significant because it indicates tbat in England a man of even Mr. Epurgcon's well-earned strength of influence cannot stay the progressive human thought and the set purpose of Christian men to reconcile their religious philosophy with the best intellectual life of tbe present age. The attempt is as futile, we may add, in America as Mr. Spurgeon has found it in Great Britain. 