f §1 §f§l¥f Ii*i*Il« The Great World : BEING THE CONFESSIONS AND STRANGE EX PERIENCES OF THE HON. EEIC lOREE. By Joseph Hatton, Author of « Clytie' ' Cruel London,' ' Three Becruits,' ' John Needham's Double,' $c, $c. Chatter VII.— 'THE REASON WHY,' .\\_ '*-*?--.. 5flf MUST go back -.^*» m tJBI seven years to let '' sif^St flH vou m*° my secre* ^j Z^SSgj&je;^ jfll reason for disliking &~ . ?^^^s=^t. £mBh Mr.LoftusKennert. \- '^jj^ (|jK/ You knowon what jj3^g[ grounds or want of grounds I suspect his honesty ; I should rather say on what misanthropical doubts I have built a secret theory of his association with the criminal classes. Perhaps it is the possession of a slight faculty for literary story-telling that has been detrimental to Ken nett's character in my moments of castle- building and invention. I am not a professional novelist. Nor did I write the book about 'Society' with which some of my friends credit me. But 1 have written a novel in my time, and I remember how the leading characters took hold of me ; how they occupied my attention ; how they continually obtruded their most real individualities upon me at all hours, inter posing themselves between me and my everyday work, starting up during my conversations with friends, meeting me on the Btaire, walking with me in the streets, and in fact haunting me. Now Kennett is doing just this kind of thing. But he iB a reality, though I have never spoken, to him. Moreover, he is a thorn in my memory. Not that he knows it. But she knows it — that once glorious and divine she. And I have always encouraged doubts about the sincerity of his public acts. But until Phelim O'Neil looked up into my face with his dying eyes and whispered, ' Say that you knew me at the Cape and that I made a confession to you — and see that Mr. Kennett keeps his word,' I had never allowed even my enmity, my jealousy, or my imagination, to blacken his character. I wonder what fate has in store for me qua Kennett. My experience is that one's mind does not get filled with thoughts and speculations about another, does not have him start up like Banquo's ghost at Macbeth's feast without there is something in it. But let me at once confide to you the primary cause of my hating this distinguished financier, banker, and philanthro pist. In doing bo I may perchance cast a lurid light on the character of the 'professional beauty' and leader of society whom my friend's were discussing last night. At the same time I shall win for myself either your sympathy or contempt. The simple truth is that Mr. Loftus Kennett was my successful rival for the hand of Agnes Trevor, the then young and fascinating widow of Harold Trevor. And my failure in that affair is the defeat of which I have pre viously spoken. Yes, it was a first love, though Agnes was a widow. The romance of my life then is my attachment for a widow, and a widow whose career had been anything but romantic, as you shall learn. Yet she was to me all that the most sentimental lover could desire. If she had had the experience of Cleopatra, she would in mv then frame of mind have seemed as unsophisticated as Miranda herself. To- day even when I sit down and think of our first meeting, and the joy with which I contemplated our possible union, I feel a touch of the old romance in my heart and brain. I thought I had only to propose formally to be accepted. She had encouraged me to think so. I had received letters from her full of tender suggestiveness, mutual friends smiled knowingly when they saw us together. I had only known her a few months. But in that time she filled my life and soul. I met her first at Dufroys, It was a dance. In those days I enjoyed that kind of -entertainment. . Agnes Trevor was the most beautiful woman present. Indeed I thought her the most lovely woman in the world the first moment I saw her. I had met many a charming girl— many a pretty ?woman— before, but none like this living Greek, for that is what she was. The something cold and statuesque in her beauty, which I heard others criticise as its only fault, was to me its most divine attribute. But I do not propose to say any more about that first meeting, and the pangs and pleasures of first love, not only because my hero, Godfrey Jessop, when we come to him, has to undergo this kind of romantic and sublime measles, but for artistic and personal reasons. My ** grand passion' ii over, and you will be more interested in the scene which ended it rather than in my first meeting with Agnes Trevor. # The pain of it has not left me, but it is no longer acute, it is a dull memory,- an incident nevertheless that I shall never forget; and* as it leads up to the other developments in this narrative of the lights and shadows that have from time ,to time fallen upon these days of light and leading, I shall recall the details of it, though they harry my soul as with a redhot ploughshare. Facts that came to our knowledge after my defeat enable me to make this story of it complete; and the practice of getting outside myself, as it were, to criticise my own shortcomings and* to commend what my judgment may pronounce to be virtuous in my conduct shall ensure an impartial and truthful narrative. It was the winter season at Brighton. Lucky Brighton, which, in common with death, has all seasons for its own. During the summer humble folk avail themselves of the Brighton beach, piers, baths, and downs. In the late autumn and the winter Brighton is the centre of fashon. By the time the Lord Mayor's show begins to receive its preliminary puffs in the London newspapers, half the peerage is represented among the crowd that oscillates in splendid equipages between the extreme points of Brigh ton's carriage drive by the sea. King's-road. tta Grand Marine Parade of this city by the sea, is the Regent-street and the Bond- street of London with, the wide ocean rolling up to the kerbstones. London was cold and misty. Brighton was gay and sunny. It was January. There was skating in the Park. Great blocks of ice were floating down the Thames. But at Brighton, only an hour away by express, it was a spring day. Mrs. Harold Trevor, with her little daughter Helen, aged nine/ had taken a suite of rooms overlooking the King's-road, and had hired a handsome carriage and pair of brown ponies which had for more than a week been the joy of the Parade. The equipage was more or less sombre, as became a widow, but bright in its shining silver mounting, rich iu its sable rugs, noticeable for its tiger in the Trevor livery, and generally suggesting only_ what milliners call ' half mourning,' as became a widow who was young and pretty. Agnes, with her little girl by her side, drove with grace and skill, guiding her high-stepping ponies deftly in and out of the procession of carriages ; and many a critical eye followed with admiration and many another with envy and its accompanying uncharitableness. I had gone down to Brighton determined to propose to this beautiful woman, and I think I had been encouraged in my hopes of success by the welcome I had always received from her little daughter Helen— a sweet and beautiful child of a different type of beauty altogether from, her mother. I never dreamed that I had a rival. My heart gained courage when I found Agnes not only alone, but more than usually thoughtful. She was never sentimental in her conversation, and rarely in what I would call a serious mood. She was not particularly vivacious, ? but she had always a smiling face and a pleasant word for me. This bright winter morning, seven years ago, she received me kindly as usual ; but she seemed thoughtful and prcocupied. I somehow, as I have said, found encouragement in this, and presently with her hand in mine and looking into her calm eyes I made my manly avowal and asked her to be my wife. She withdrew her hand and rose to her feet as she said with singular composure : 'My dear Eric, yesterday I think I would have said yes, and taken the chances of the happiness you offer me, but ? ' 'Let me recall yesterday,' I said, interrupting her, ' and it shall be my hope and ambition in life to make you happy.' ' It is impossible,' she answered, in a voice that sounded strangely calm, and looking back I can contrast it with my own broken and agitated utterance. 'Impossible! Why? Love and courage can accom plish all things. Love is courage. Set me a task, ask mo to wait, send me on some tremendous mission that shall make the winning of you heroic, and leave the rest to me. But don't turn my devotion to despair. I love you with all my heart and soul.' ' Don't be foolish, Eric. I thought you were a man of the world,' she said. ' I don't know what a man of the world is,' I replied. ' If it is a man who has seen the world, I am a man of the world ; but if it is a man who cannot love a woman, and is not ready to work for her, slave for her, die for her, I am not a man of the world.' We were standing face to face, she pale but perfectly self-possessed, and I was flushed and hot and distressed. ' You are a good fellow, I know,' was the prosaic reply. ' Too good for me, and I am a woman of the world. I began Jire sentimentally, 1 think, or how could I nave married Julian Trevor? Ah, if we had met 10 years ago!' 'Let us wipe out those 10 years and say we meet now for the first rime.' ' Wipe them out ! My dear Eric, I sometimes try to forget them, but now that he is dead and I am free. I remember them every hour and wonder that I am alive— and free.' I felt the chill of her words more perhaps under the influence of the change in her voice and manner than even at the undisguised pleasure with which she referred to the death of her husband. 'Considering the humiliations to which he subjected me, his cruelty, his brutality, I wonder 1 did not do him a mischief for which I should have been put in prison.' She stepped aside and began to pace the room. ' I left him twice,' she continued. ' He followed me, broke up my home, and the law allowed him. He was a drunkard aud a coward. His truth was falsehood, his love a blister, his name a curse. Had it not been for a kind of motherly duty I felt towards our child, I think I could have killed him.' This was the first time I had seen her really moved, and it was only momentarily ; it passed quickly ; it reminded me of lightning iu a snowstorm. I stood and watched her and admired her, though she unsexed herself in this unwomanly attack upon the dead. While giving vent to her real feelings there was, I feel now, a certain amount of diplomacy in her outbreak. She wished to disgust me, instead of which she only inspired me with a Quixotic desire to make up to her for the miseries she had endured. Whether I would have been thus influenced had she been less handsome is a question no one can decide. She was then a beautiful woman of 26 (had married at 16), and her soft crape gown and coquettish widow's cap became her. She was a fair woman with perfect features— low forehead, arched eyebrows, blue eyes, straight nose, and. lips that were firm and well formed. The mouth is the surest indication of character. Lips that close easily and closely denote firmness, the fleshly Up is sensuous, tile sharp-drawn lip is avaricious. Agnes Trevor was a woman of a courageous temperament, firm, vain, avaricious, and 6he knew that she was pretty. She was of medium height, had a pure complexion, chestnut hair, and a figure that modistes admired aud robust women envied. ' 1 wonder a man of your sentimental character would care to marry a widow,' she said, suddenly, changing from a passionate (more simulated I am inclined to think than real) denunciation of her dead husband to a pro fession of consideration for her suitor. ' Men do not reason where they love, and if they did it would come to the same thing in the end. You sealed my fate the firet moment I saw you.' 'And it seems only a month ago since we first met,' she said. ' It is five months.' 'So long!' ''Ah, Agnes, don't be cruel with me, I am not a, fool.' You are playing a part. You are trying to ,ftu$,nie off. You are afraid to trust me. You are discoiiujtjng my professions by your own sad experience.' , i,pV ' 'No, Mr. Yorke, I am not. I tried totellyoUjjwctjiow : that if yesterday you had offered me yourself and that ettlement of £500 a-year, small as it is in comj){trison with my ambition, I think I should have said yes,, . Do you know why? Because Helen likes you, and I. like Helen, and I have noticed that the men and women who attract her arc better than those wiio do not. But when Trevor died and I became once more a free woman, I resolved. What do you think I resolved ? To li ve in single blessed ness the remainder of my days ? No. To marry again, to many for money, for position, for influence, to marry a rich man who would, to begin with, make a settlement upon me mat should make 'me independent of him and everybody. You are not that man, Yorke. , 1 know you will despise me, hate me, perhaps, but I cannot help it. This morning the rich man stood where you are standing now, and offered me a settlement of £10,000 a-year !' I believe I groaned aloud as she weighed my position and prospects in the balance of my love; but when she put into the scale against me another man who could outbid me in mere money, I only gave a great sigh and looked oat seawards as one in a dream. ' It is best that you should know all this. I have stated my case frankly. There is no reason why we should not be friends. Mr. Loftus Kennett is a man of the world, entertains well, keeps a good stable, sails his own yacht, and he shall never know that he had a rival.' I clutched the back of a chair. She had laid her hand upon my arm and was looking into my face. I still gazed out to sea, watching file white sails of a vacht that, was beating gulp cbsn jthanneL JNot that, X Jotaw X was watching it; I remember that I saw it and noticed the white track in its wake, but my thoughts were introspec tive. ' Indeed,' went on my tormentor, 4I nobody need know of the honour you have done me. I will never mention, it to a soul; nor need you. Let it be our secret. Forgive me. Forgive me if you will. But I would rather we continued to be friends. What do you say '{ Won't you speak to me ? What are you looking at ?' ' 'Nothing,' I said; 'what I shall be looking at for ever, I suppose.' ? -* You distress me,' she answered. ' I hate to see you wretched. We are not children; let us make the best of ©ur trouble, not the worst.' 'Our trouble!' I said, still looking at her as if I had not quite understood her. ' Yes, do you think it is not a trouble and a misery tc me to. have had to tell you what I have told you 'i Do you think it is not a hard thing for me to have to sacrifice myself to this rich man?' ' Sacrifice yourself ?' I exclaimed, pacing the room in my turn. ' You will drive me mad. What do you mean '! You are mistress of your own actions — nobodv controls you.' ' Fate controls me,' she said. ' Fortune controls me. The past controls ine. The future controls me. I have prayed for such an offer as that I accepted this morning. But do you think I do not regret that you, instead of Mr. Loftus Kennett, had not been the chosen of Fortune?' I paused and faced her and looked into her face. She bore my passionate, indignant, and bewildered gaze with perfect sangfroid. 44 Are you in your senses, or have I lost mine ?' I said, or words to that effect. 44 I know I have hurt your feelings very much,' she eaid, ' and I nni sorry ; for I had begun to love you.' .' Do you think you know what love is P I asked. ' I once thought so; but after a 10 jrears' apprenticeship to. what is called love, 1 am free to confess that I may not. If it is iny lot, as it seems, to make you suffer, don't blame me ; I cannot help it.' 44 I don't think you know what you are saying. Per haps I don't hear'you aright. I am sure I don't. And it I do, I shall still go on loviug you, God help me !' 'Mr. Yorke, forgive me; I will ? ' I was not listening to her ; I don't know whether she 6aid more or whether I interrupted her, but I took up my hat and said ' Good-bye, Mrs. Trevor ; we bald better not meet again.' ' Don't say that— if not for my sake, for Helen's,' she replied; and as she spoke she rang the boll. ' Let us be friends — I have no friends.' She said this with all the pathos she could muster, prompted by a mere flash of consideration for the man who had paid her the greatest compliment man can pay to woman; she wished to break his fall, to temper his dis appointment with a sentimental profession of friendship, and she confessed to herself that she had enjoyed his society. A maid responded to the bell. 'Find Miss Trevor,' said her mistress, 'I think she is in her room. Say Mr. Yorke wishes to bid her good-bye.' Now that she had trampled upon my dearest hopes and my fondest sentiments, and had earned my contempt, though I only felt hurt and sorry, she was anxious all in a minute to win back my respect, and not quite to forfeit my jove — at least my friendship. She modulated her voice into more than its ordinary sweetness, she literally puncd about the room, and put out all her sisterly fascinations. A woman jilts a man, and then wants to be his sister. ?' But where are you going, Mr. Yorke?' 6aid a fresh young voice, the owner of which, a serious-looking child of nine, came up to mo in a stately kind of way and took my hand. ' Only to London, my dear,' I answered. ' Oh, that is nowhere ; you will come back to morrow ?' 'I think not' 44 But I thought you were going to 6tay here until mamma returned to town?' 41 I thought so too. But that is all altered now.' II What is all altered if' asked the child, looking from one to the other. Mrs. Trevor cast an appealing glance at me, but some how I felt my heart hardening and made no responsive sign. ' Everything/dear,' I said. ' Some new arrangements have been mode in respect to my movements. I did not make them, dear, but I am obliged to accept them; 60 I am going abroad.' I sat down upon a couch and drew her towards me. ' And I want to Bay something serious to you — may I ? You told me one day that you liked to be serious, did you not'r' . 44 Yes,' she said, her great hazel eyes looking straight into mine as 1 stooped over her. ' Mamma permits me to say this ; that I love you very much as a dear littlo friend, aud that I want you to remember, if ever you need any other friend in life besides your mother, that you will pnt me down right deep in your heart us that other friend.' . I took her into my arms aud kissed her ; she could not speak for a moment, and when she found her voice, ahe could ouly sob out: ' Oh, you dear Mr. Yorke !' Whereupon her mother led her away and bade her go to her room now, and she would come to her pre sently. Helen turned to look at me as she left the room, her great solemn eyes tilled with tears. I kissed my hand to her and said ' Remember,' in a manner that Mrs. Trevor said reminded her of the farewell of Charles to his Queen in the play. ' My dear Eric, you really are too dreadful,' she said. ' I couldn't have believed that a travelled, clever, philoso phic man as you arc, could have been so overcome. And I had quite counted upon it this morning when I accepted the good fortune Providence has sent me, that I should make j'ou and Mr. Loftus Kennett friends, and ? ' 41 D ? Mr. Loftus Kennett!' I exclaimed, nettled into a fury, which, though it overcame my natural politeness, still left me sufficiently master of myself to apologise for the oath. Nott tha an oath more oi*less mattered much, I suppose, to Mrs. Trevor, who had been accustomed to hear tho la to Mr. Harold Trevor make rather free with tho expletives which characterise the language of the bar-room and tho racecourse; ?' Good-bye !' I said, quick and sharp upon my apology. *' You have certainly done your best to reconcile me to my fate.' The suggestion of blamo which she had cast upon me; the insensibility she exhibited in her worldly comments on my EufferinP; her attempt to pose as a martyr, pretending that Fate had. forced her into the arms of Kennett, while all the timcPsue would have preferred me; this did not strike me then9 as the artfulness of a clever woman who wiahad to ditigost me and so deaden my fall; though I have sometimes thought that she did not mean all she' said. If she did, if on this day she showed mo the true character of Agnes Trevor in her frankest mood, one may wander whether after all she did not seriously influ ence die career of Harold Trevor;, whether her moral obliquity in regard to her own shortcomings and her horrible habit of blaming everybody except herself for her own faults may not have done much to at least confirm Trevor's habit of seeking f orgetf ulness in the bottle. -A strange, pretty, selfish, intriguing, contradictory woman. I make no doubt we should have made a miserable couple if she had accepted me. Nevertheless, even with this thought in my mind and my reason for it, if at this moment I could put back the clock to the day before Kennett proposed for her I would fore stall him e\en now. Love is a madness, woman a snare, marriage a lottery in which the blanks are many and prizes few. If I had been what society calls a marrying man, I could have made what society calls a good match. But I am somewhat of a sentimentalist. I do not believe in living on a woman's money, nor until I met Agnes Trevor had I believed in settling down to tho responsibilities of an establishment and a wife and family without being assured of my capacity to provide the means of sustaining them in comfort, if not in luxury. In tho presence of Agnes all these ideas, personal, arro gant, economic, and prudent, vanished. I had bat one tbnmrbt. one hope. I would bave married her it »h« lwA been as rich as the mine-owning lady of California, and lived on her money, had she wished itj so that I might live with her ; or I would have married her if I had had to slave for her, to sacrifice position, prospects, everything. Love is not an arithmetician, nor a philosopher. The daughter of a drunken father and of such a mother as Agnes Trevor, my little friend Helen might have pre sented a rare subject to the physiologist and student of hereditary influences ; she was not like her mother either in form, feature, manner, or disposition. She was dark, stately, quiet, thoughtful, reflective. Her olive complexion was in harmony with her dark eyes, which for a child were rather deep-set, and there was a warm glow of health in her cheeks that deepened about her eyes into a still richer and warmer hue. Her countenance was full of a quiet sen sibility, her eyes were bright and suggested strong but suppressed feelings. She had a sensitive, generous mouth, and a voice of innate sweetness. Child as she was, she had frequently, I believe, exercised a strong influence over her mother, occasionally checking her folly, frequently arguing her out of some ridiculous whim. The mother, recognising qualities in the child's character superior to her own, was anxious now and then for the support of her good opinion upon some line of conduct where she was in doubt as to its wisdom or safety. I have thought in this wise of her since I said ' Good-bye' to her scvon years ago at Brighton. But we shall meet again iu these pages, and you will be able to judge her for yourself ; meanwhile ' sufficient for the day.' I remember how cold and unsympathetic the sea'appeared when I left Brighton, and how bright and sunny and encouraging it had appeared to me on my arrival ; I remember that the sun went down and made no sign ; that a wind sprang up in the north; that coachmen whipped up their horses at the request of their suddenly shivering masters ; that the old Ship closed its outer doors against the rising wind; that the people in the streets quickened their footsteps, as if they too had been rebuffed and were hurrying home ; I remember that I felt as if Brighton had conspired to make me wretched; that I -was glad to turn my back upon it; and to listen to the thud, thud, thud of the engine which whirled me back to the great city where hearts are broken and nobody tells their trouble, and where, if they did tell it, nobody would care. {Tobe continued.) 