the conception and birth of the melbourne i hospital. (llv (lAnnvowKN.) t It niny not bo uninteresting to detail tho circuniHtattces whloli led up to tlio founding of the Melbourne Hospital, especially at ft time when tho efficiency of that charity as a snintnrv and curativo institution has been so uiotigmy tested ns to demoitstnito tho abso lute necessity of either erecting a now hwutnl "1011 a now site, or re-building on tho exwling For a few years following (lie whito occu pation of Port Phillip, in 1885, there was littlo w mo need for an mtirmnrv f«»r the bodily alllicted, ns the tnhnbitaiits of Melliourno (tho ouo cunlro of population) woro robust niul healthy, nnd an accidentally broken or lace rated limb was a rare occurrence. When such a casualty did happen, Dr Cusscu (tlm first Unonud mugeon) wus prompt, aud skil ful in his attendance, and tlio patient found a welcome refugo at one or other licensed tavern, for tho publicans of tho time wore by no means tho "numors" well-meaning people supposed, and amongst tlio Bonifaces of early Melbourne were to be found men as giid- imtured and l»;iievulieit as any in tho commu nity since. In I'.mirko street wi'.st there was a suiall cottage (rather cabin) Government Hos pital, for the uso of theass gnod and Ueket-of- convicts despatched from Sydney: am! as Old Classen" was not over particular iu drawing the line oliicial, iu exceptional cases he could never bring liis iieart to refuse a lieu mk:r a "shakedown" on the boards of his asylum. In 183S-JI nufl -10, tho pupulatioii was cuiiHideratdy increased, though mamly through tho process of " Ismnty" or " free" immigra tion from (Ireat Britain and Ireland ; but :ik all such living imports had to undergo a inedi- cnu'xamitinUou prior to taking ship, when the freight was discharged in Melbourne men, women, aud children were turned adrift to commence a new battle of life, a hardy, hearty, healthy lot. And well and truly did most of tlium do their duty to tlio embryo colony. Towards the end of 188!) tho mishaps in separable from human life increased to such on extent as to point to the necessity of pro viding some eleemosynary institution for the use of poi-Mun unable In pay for the medical treatment ami attendance they may require, and hy the commencement ot the next year tlio course necessary to be pursued grew into a question of general public interest. Beyond tlfis imi definite step was taken until the 1st March, IS 10, on winch morning nil advertise meut appeared iu the newspapers convening n meeting of the inhabitants "to take into con Hideralinn the establishment of a public gene ral hospital iu Melbourne, aud to adopt mea sures for thu speedy erection of the same.' The natilicatiqii further set forth "That tho want of a public Hospital in Melbourne for tho re ception uf tho sick nud delicate iu iv rapidly increasing, population was very widely and deeply felt throughout thu community." The conveners were represented by fourteen signatures, live of which belonged to d.PV., livoM.IVtt., three ministers uf religion, and the other n plain and unadorned merchant. Not a single one of those mgnatorien is ntnv in existence, Mr J. B. Were being the lust of them to die. The meeting was held on the 5th ?»farcii. iu the thou police court, n wnnd"» building parched nt the west intersection of Wil- nam and Little Flinders streets, on a corner of the Western Market Uernrve. The intend- ance was as iiifiueutial for rim time, as any nimilnr convention huico and the chair was taken by Mr C. J. l.atrobe, ihn Superinten dent (or Acting- Governor) of 1'ort Vlnlbp. Resolutions wero unanimously adopted affirming the necessity for the establishment of an hospital "for the purpose of affording to patients clean nnd comfortable accointnoda tion, regular medical attendance, and th» means of Attention to diet aud regimen." "That steps be taken to establish a public hospital, to i>u called 'Tlio Melbourne Hospital,' tlm design of which ahull be to admit both contributing and non-contributing patients." Further, there wn-s appointed a provisional committee of nineteen member (Mr U. G. M 'Arthur is now the sole survivor), with two honorary secretaries, to raisn fumSs ami apply to tlm Sydney Kxooulivo for a suit able building silo aud pecuniary aid, under certain Government regulations promulgated l«h March, 188!), A code of "i'roposisl I'riucipkV for tho management of the iu futuro charity was also agreed to. They were seventeen in number, and (ids curious jMospecUis. though interesting in itself, is too engthy for republication in a mere fugitive sketch such as this only professes to be. The "code," however, subsequently underwent considerable revision, though it has been con tinued in most of its essential features to tlm present lime. And now commenced that -work tlm dilfiaulty of which is well known to colonial philanthropists since— the money-hunting, nu up-hill struggle, in which only pine); and pcmivcmncn com bined and continuous, can wcuro success. At tlm start, it was pro|>o>ed, if possible, to collect LS00 by voluntary contributions, a sum which might not unreasonably, under tho changed circumstances uf tho times, bo taken to repre sent ten times as much, or LSOQOuow. The greatest difficulty was experienced in even raising a moiety of iho amount Kvcty device then possiblu was resorted to to get together the needful, mid in addition to the ordinary street and house to house soltcitnt ions, there wero benevolent nud amateur concerts ami theatrical jH- rforniaiicea. Tlio since highly esteemed "tin"-coiiung machine, tho Imaar, was, singularly enough too, unthnuglit of— an omission most probably to bo accounted for by tlm non arrival 111 the Province of Air J. A. ("Big") Mursden, the Melbourne) founder of. a contrivance, fair ami equitable enough if legitimately worked, but of exceedingly doubtful moral tendencies when twisted and distorted, ns it often lias been during the last quarter of a century. Meantime, to meet coses of exceptional necessity, there was rented as a make-aiiift hospital a four-roomed cottago c)o«n to a similar structure used as tho General Post .Office, in Chancery lane, close westward tu 'the now but too well-known Temple Court. In 1812 there commenced in MeliHiunio a financial depression, which for two years severely "sat u|h>u" the industrial and commer cial energies of the small struggling common wealth ; vet the hospital project was poshed on, though feebly enough, through tlio aur- rotmdtitg difficulties. The public money-box was at length opened and found to contain L800, an amount sufficient to warrant an np- idicatioii to tho Government for both an hospital subsidy mid a site for thu structure. Therefore on tho 1st April (inauspicious day) another public meeting was held, when the Provisional Committee abdicated, nu<i another similar body was elected by subscribers. Tito result of thin movement was a formal appeal to tho Now South Wales head-quarters, which was most ungraciously rc9|Kmdcd to by Governor Sir George Gip|is (after whom Gipps ward is named), who not only declined tu giva a cent of tho general revenue for m urgent aud praiseworthy a pur- |X)sc, bub would not even consent to a single inch of unalienated Grown land for iv site. Much indignation was deservedly excited at sucli (cnurious and unstatesmanlike conduct, ttiul not n few wero the fervent prayers pub licly nnd privately offered (though not iu tlio churches) for tho offending Sir George, though whether for Ids weal or woo I will putmic the rentier the privilege of forming his (or her) own opinion. There was ono apologist in a Mel bourne wit, who seriously protested that the Governor had acted quite correctly in what lie had done, for it would bo contrary to all traditional precedent to regard as other than a joke any application or proposition emanating from tliotime-embaimcd Fools Anniversary — tho 1st April. Another year to tho hospital promoters " Like n woimdeil wiako dragged IU slow length along," and as tho vanto' mi hospital continuad lo incrcase,thq Chancery Lauo rookery had to bo nlmndonod in favor of a two- storied house in Bouvko street, opposite where tho St. Patrick's Hall was subsequently erected. And utill the accommodation was inadequate to tho weekly increasing necessities. In July, 1818, a renowed application for a GovLMnment contribution mid site, though not actually refused, was indefinitely pigeon- holed : though iu the course of u mouth nu official announcement was made— a very vague, cold comfort indeed— that in no ease, and under 110 possible cireuinstnneos, could n largersmn than L500 bo (riven, as Government aid to n Mel bourne Hospital, The emptiest of verbiage this, because tlio .Executive wrapiKul itself in solemn silence, and gave ncithor nod, wink nor even shako of tlio head further in tho matter, leaving tho pcoplo to chew: tho cud of indignation whatever way thoy liked, nnd elms strengthening tiicdnily intensifying desire to get rid of Sydney thraldom, and continue unabated agitation for genuine Homo Kule, which made its welcome appearonco ju.1t seven year3 after. Fntlicr Time, tlio inevitable, wont on his way, and so did'lho Collector, slowly mid wearily, for it was a period of comparatively oinply pockets, as 18-13-1 inay bo black- lcttered as tho must languid and depressing epoch in our colonial history. Towards tlio close nf 181 1, matters had como to such a pitch that something must nud should bo clone towards providing hospital ac commodation. .Tho public meeting ganio had beau so much time wasted, and what would ho now regarded as a mistaken mid almost un constitutional proceeding, was in a state bordering on semi-despair, resorted to, viz., n privato convention at tho suburban residence of Dr . «1. F. Palinor, the occupant of a villa on tho bank of tha Yarra, then known ns Burwood, but now tho picturcsquo St James's Park, The nttcndnnco included nil tlio political and social influence of Molbouruo and its vicinity ; and tho oulcouio was an eloquent, energetic, ami uncompromising manifesto (halt appeal and half remonstrance), which none knew better how to pou than Palmer, And when thin state paper passed under tlio consideration of Governor Gipps, it exercised such mi awakening influenco upon him that ere many weeks elapsed it was intimated through tlio superintendent that the Hvdnoy public pureo- lioldera woro ready mid willing to "shell out" to tho extent of L2000 towards a hospital building fund, and authority was also givon to chooso a suitable hospital site. This was welcomo news witli n vengeance whereat the Mel- bourn inns worked off their sulks, tlio projec tors of charity wero. put in good heart, and tho collectors resumed their .begging impor tunities with revived alacrity ana- increased pertinacity. It is a hackneyed saying that history ia in the habit of repeating itself; but of nil tho historical repetitious known there is scarcely ono more singular and amusing than that ovidcnced by mto limiting .for tho Melbourne Hospital. That institution now stands like a condemned criminal removed from thu dock, and awaiting, if not execution, annihilation in sumo shape or form. It will have to give ,iii the ghost before long, and there arc already four localities suggested whereon . to erect its sulwLitnte, Gm favorite in thu competition being tho Pig Market. In 181-1, just tlm hiuiio number of situs for thu preseiil building found I favor witli certain Ructions of tho public, and it will hardly \m believed that then, as now, a market place, in thu pcuple's csiiinuliun,' ranked first. The area of laud at the north-east corner of Bvvanstou aud Fliudurs streets, now Nniiutilied by tim presence of tho Bpiscopalian Cathedral : of St. Paul, was originally proclaimed as a "Hay and Corn .Market Reserve," but Rjieetlily abandoned for market purposes in favor of a position at tho intersection of Mliza- both and victoria streets, in o.inseiiuence of tlm presumed greater convenience of thu hitter loath1, Tlm old reserve remained un used for Huvni'ul years, and will it be credited when I soberly and sci-io'isly (lecture Unit Dr Palmer ami o'.lieis of tlm old Meiliom-ne medicos strained every nerve in thuir orgaui- sation to have Urn now doomed Hospital put up where tim magnificent- Cathedral is iu course of construction? .lint consider the many counted hills of indictments filed against the »r.rt!i Lonsdale street location, mid thou imagine how euormomdy the charge-sheet would have bonnoxlciidotl if tho Mclbourno Hospital was so placed ns to be a next door neighbor to Prince's Bridge. Thu other si tea Liiggesled nnd nupK)rted were : — (u) At the north eut corner of Lalrolit and Queen utreets, (h) the laud now occupied bv thu Model .School (Victoria Parade), (c) the present site. Stimulated by prudent advisers, Superintendent J rat robe nominated a private Medical CnmiuisHion to select a fitting site, and the result ot Lhocmi- ulavn of wiieaercawns to recommend as No. 1 the Hay and Com Market Reserve, with tlm alternative clioiceof where thu Hospital was subsequently built.. On thu 5th Febiunry, 1815, a special meet ing of contributors was held in tlm Royal Hotel (now Union Bank), Collins street ; and as au indication of its important character it limy be stated that the chairman was Mr lleury Moor (tlm Mayor), and those present included Superintendent Lntrobe, and the lion. William Jetfcott, tlm Second Residuil Judge of Port Phillip. A progress re port of n very encouraging nature wan sub mitted by tho uommittec, in which tlm annonucmeut wan made of Urn appointment of the Site Selection Committee, mul their twin recommendation. An Kxccutive Committee was chosen, n line for immediate future action marked out. but as to which or tlm "twins" was to be tlto adopted child was luckily left an open question for further consideration. A remarkable change tor thu better now ret in. " Fair winds and Mowing fresh Apollo sent" the movement, and as a fact rather astonishing m itself, the icy heart of Sir George Uipns so thawed, that lie actually drew on his private banking account, and posted t.iiciu a donation cheque for LOO.. 1 have previously referred to various entertainments got up as helping hands ; but there is one deserving of special mention, as it enables mo to introduce the name or the now only survivor, a citizen, who, since his arrival in the colony (!H!5), t« the present moment, lias proved himself a true benefactor to tlio land of his adoption. The individual in question is George Cop|fin, wim enjoyed nnmugrit tim ancients litesnuhriqm t of "The Artful Dodger," a distinction bestowed rather iu a dramatic than a literal reuse. "George" might have "dodged" both "artfully" mid nrtLtiuidly, but it was always through a straightforward purpose on the right side, ami there are fo.v of tim "Old ColuiiNis" of to day who can product a cleaner record. J 11 the middle of tho Year, a grand vocal and instru mental amateur concert came o!f in tim (.Jueen Street Theatre tOKUpph-inent tlm hospital fund. John Thomas Smith (the seventh timet Mayor of Melbourne,) gave tlm free use of the build ing, with light, thrown in, not our now ubiquitous gas jets, hue nil lamps and candles, whilst Coppin gratuitously tendered the u«u of himself, and lie. Mimical services of (ho or chestra of t Iu; mnall lint complete f 'oyp.1 drttmtt't'jHC imported by him from Lamicestoii. Tho entertainment was under the conductor- ship of Mr William Clarke, familiarly known us " Old Mode, " one of our fiist professors of the science of melody. In after years he tainted to thu more lucrative bnsums's of gold and next share broke:, and ihu house so es tablished by him stilt maintains a good position iu tho city. The con cert was exceedingly well patronised, ami in describing it, a Melbourne newspaper declares "Air Clarke played Kalkbremmv's celebrated variation of Rule Britannia with great ell'eet, and M'l Coppin with Mrs Rogers con vulsed tlm house with laughter in tim comic duet, "When a Little Farm We Keep." The benefit realised a net profit of Lfil), equivalent to a L500 "take " now. Meanwhile the battle of the sites was waged with a vigor resembling in a small wav the still pending conflict, between Brunswick" and Hothnm 5>r tlio glory of being dubbed North Mellxtumc, to which neither the 01m or t'other has any fair claim cither in law or equity. The Spring street situ was "scratched," and of tho other thre.i starters the ilavmarkct was first favorite, being hacked hy Palmer ami his co- doctors. Next came Lonsdale ems Swnuston street, and .some di.-tanci.' in tlio rear trotted 01 Oiieeii rum Lonsdale street. At length tho Iluymarkct rerervo so rushed into favor that a formal application for a grant, of tho kuid was trans mitted to Sydney. Thu committee, though, worn nut ab all unanimoua upon a point b.j. . vital, and tha! weathercock public opinion so veered from week to week as to render It a most uncertain gauge to go by. At last it was determined to definitely settle tho point, and accordingly a special meeting of contributors was summoned tu mud nt the Royal I Intel, on 30th July " to finally deter mine upon tlio Kelccthm of a site." There was a lengthy discussion of tlm merits And demerits of the lucidities mimed, which was brought to a close hy tho ndoptioii of a motion proj used hy Mr Bdward Cm r, and seconded by Air J. I. Fawknor, that the Hospital should lsi erected on tlio urea of land where it and its additions and appurtenances now are. Dr Palmer stood out to tho last in favor of his Iluymarkct fad, whilst tho Rev. James Forbes, tlio first Presbyterian Minister, went in nallietically 011 behalf of tim Western llill. The rexnta qumsttonl «ito thus at rest, all dill'ei'cticcs of opinion on the subject were con signed to oblivion, and tlio only contention was amongst tlm desires of individuals each to do his utmost iu furthering tho common object 111 view. The collecting was prosecuted with au earnestness worthy of so good a cause, nml by the New Year's Day of 181(1 thcro was a sufficiency of cash iu l'.niul (contributions and Government subsidy) to warrant a commence ment of tho building with as littlo further delay as possible. Tenders wero accordingly invited upon hu estimate of LI 800 5 hut the responses exceeded tli.it amount, tho highest offer being L2021, and tlio lowest L1787, which was accepted, subject to certain reduc tions and alterations. According to tim original plan thu budding was to bo orected iu the cheapest style— plum brick walls, hard wood flooring, nml a roof of same material. But this scheme subsequently underwent c«m- Hiderublo modifications. Great efforts were now made to initiate the ' undertaking, and as the foundation of Prince's Jiridgo was to lie laid with all tho eoronicmiuis of a grand spectacular display- oil tho 20th March, tlm Hospital Committee) deemed it a good stroke of policy to avail thcuiHulvca of tho bridge procession, ifnd an application to such effect mot with a cheerful rcapmino from the proper authorities. Consequently on the (lay specified, and not tho2(ith March as erroneously indicated in tho Palmer Memorial tablet here- After to ho alluded to, tho first stouo of tho Hosoital was well and truly laid" according to tho " pristinci usage" of Freemasonry. It was tlio second occasion of a processional turn out of " tlio brethren of tlm mystic tie" iu Melbourne, the first such event having oc curred at tho foundation laying of tho old Latrobo street Supremo Court, on tho 25tli July, 18-12. After Prince'sBridgo had bconduly inaugurated, Uto procession (Masonic. Odd fellows, Associated Fraternities, and Citizens) right-about-faced, mul proceeded to tlio Hos pital Hike— a block of waste laud through which the iimiu road to Heidelberg ran— and Ceremonial .No. 2 was despatched amidst a salvo of philanthropic niul MuRouiooratimr. the two great gunners being tho onco well- known ami umoli- cseemed William Hull as Worshipful Master, and Dr Palmer, tho then reigning Mayor of Hie town. Tlm llov A. C, Thomson (Melbourne's second Episcoiialiau minister) officiated ns chnplaiu ; and after a vellum scroll, duly inscribed, was bottled and hormoticnlly scaled up in a cavity of the stone, his Rcvorence, witli a Mint-intonation of voice, pronounced two invocations, curious in thonisclves when read by the light of tho cir cumstances surrounding the building in 1887. Hero is specimen No. 1, uttered imme diately After tho apcrturo in tlio stone was covered witli an irou plato, secured with lead:-— " May tho Great Architect of tlio Universe bring this work to a successful completion, and prosper the design for which it is founded— that the sick may hero find health, ami that kindness and compassion may hero do tliu work which IIo tcacheth us to norform, one towards another, to tlio glory of His namo." Alasonio rosponao : " So moto it be." After somo corn, wine, and oil wero laid on tho stone by Brother A. H. Hart, a gentleman of tho Hcbrow persuasion, who was over fore most in ovcry good work, this seooud precatory effusion followed : — " May tho bountiful hand of Ilcavon over supply this iiroviuco with abundance of cam, wine, and oil, and all tho neccBsaries of life. And may tlio sick poor hero partaking of tlm gifts which Thy Providence enables tlio chari table to disiicnse, bo vstored to health and strcugth, nnd rcjoico iu tho goodno9s and tho effects of brotherly lovo. And may tha hand of Omnipotciico long prescrvo this hospital from peril and decay." Masonic response : "So moto it bo." Tho motto now was "Go ahead, as fast as you cau," aud, all things considered, it was worked up to as woll as could bo. Such pro- . gross had beon made by November that on tho l!th thcro was a special meeting of cominittco to consider certain suggested deviations from tho originally- adopted plan viz. (a.) Tho erec tion of certain offices ; (6.) Roofing tho build ing with elates, vice hardwood; (cH Substitut ing deal for Jmrdwood flooring. Tho roason for tho last alteration was to obviate tho dolay likely to arise in, procuring tho hardwood. Tho proposod ohanges wero agrcod to, aud an urgent appeal to tho publio for moro money liberally answorcd gave frosh impetus to tho work. Matters proceeded until IGtli Juno, 1817, when a meeting of subscribers was hold, at which' a progress report wan submitted, supplying a series of interesting incidents, financial and general, tedious tu recapitulate horo, tmlhcr than statingtlmt amongst the re- coiumendationii pnqsud was that tho period had at length arrived when a regular Gum- mitteo of Management should be appointed. It also transpired that Mr William Ifnrt, lately deceased, hud willed a bequest uf L10Q to thu eluuitv. Tub First Hospital CoxtMiTra:. At tlm nfuresaid meeting tho prnunrilion to elect a general Management Directory was. not only adopted, hut forthwith carried into effect. This lung extinct body ins passed away to Iho cold, silent shades of oblivion, and though it occupies 11 smalt niche in the traditional nctuthe, it is only an export fosNicker like myself that can mieurth, or rather, uimir it. It comprised a select circle of 1 he respectability and nuaial influence of the Melbourne world of forty years ago. Only one of its number (Mr .1, K. Murphy) continues a species of "last man . ".turning us but as there are worlhy and distinguished descend ants of several of tho others thoroughly fulfill- ing alt tim conditions of good citizen ship,. I rely upon such a fact ns sufficient apology (if any bo wanted) for reviving 111 print a roll of names, around which flutter a halo of remi niscences ns creditable and praiseworthy us can Imj found in. the early history of any colony over which is unfurled, "Tlio Meteor Flag uf JSnalund." Hero they are, and T nni certain no con temporary of theirs now living will Im found to impugn thu accuracy of the assertion just made : — I'resident. - His Honor Charles Joseph Lntrobe. Vioft-lVoridents, — His Honor the Resident Judge (William a'Beckctt), his Worship tliu .Mayor (Henry Mora-). Hoiicmtry Seeeetary. — Mr James Mont gomery. Trustee'.— Captain William Lonsdale, Mr Jvlward Lyre Williams. Treasurers. — Tlm Rev Adam Coinptun ihniiison, Mr 1'Muiuud Westby. Committee. —Messrs Edward Curr, Edward Eyre Williams, Robert Williams I'ohlmuu, fames Frederick I'almer,.- George Annum!, George Sinclair Br.nlie, John Ducrdin, John Robert Murhhv, Charles Williamson, .fames Simpson, William Wcrgu JIuwey, Geurgo Ward Cole. The next question to bo dealt witli was the Honorary. Medical Stair, as to its number, the qualification uf applicants, and mode of selection. No small interest, was iimuifostcd in the issues by professionals and mm-pro- fcj.sjon:iL. It was at length decided by a bjwcia! Convocation of Governors, on the 30th Jmii.', determining that there should bo six medical ollieers, i.e., three physicians mul three surgeons, ami "all gentlemen (Icelan d ro Im duly qualified medical practitioners bv the Fort Phillip m Sydney Medical Boards were deemed to be eligible as candidates." rim cumattueucy comprised twenty-pounder life-governors and contributors of L2 at ono time, and the election caused such n atir that oucof the iicwspapcis thought it a good hit to print a list of the voters for tho information of its fivo or six hundred subscribers. Addresses from several candidates appealed in (im adver tising columns ; ami one practitioner (l)r I ». E. Wiikie) withdrew from the contest, in high chagrin, in consequence of the fixing cf ulait he emi.-uderod loo low a standard ol' .medical qualification. The iiintit iitir.n, nevmlliu'esfl, siirvivtxl his desertion, and was so fortunate ns to secure amongst tiie six members of lis first Half live gentlemen of tlio highest professional repute ui the province. Tin: First Mi:tui..w. Svait. Tin- otoii.M cairn. .,li' .111 tliu I.-.tll July, ivilh Mi1 -iliiyiM1 M.mr ns ri'tiiriiinii-.illiui'r j ,,,,, withstanding the clamor ami canvassing winch preceded, it terminated iu a wall: over. .Physicians. Dr .Edmund 0. Hobs-m wax propo;e l bv C:iiiiu:i ( i. W. C'lli-, uml .wo.iiiiIkI l,y Mr I-i. WestliV. D1'.' Chi, ti.iii W.J. M . 1 lowey; emmder, .Mr William Kerr. Dr Godfrey Muwitt—PnqKiser, jr \ Gilbert ; seconder, Major Davidson. Trio re! turned. suhokons. Mr A. F A. Ureryra-Ii,iminatn.-1 by Xrr Rolwrt Jzuighuids, nud hecomled by Mr .InmtH S. Johnston. Mr David J.Thouns— mimiitator Mr li. W I'ulibiian, seconder Mr .Tames Croke. Mr Wiiiiam Henry Campbell— uo'imritar Jlr/!- A. Gilbert, seconder Mr R..,|wrt A. LaUmnie. .0 opposition, no contest. Of the Chairman, tho proposers ami seconders, Mr Johnston alone remains cm the cerresti ial glolr: after a lengthened, honorable and not undistinguished career : and of tlm others five have set sail for Mutt- b-jtupe whteo ;vroputatioii!i and coroners' inquests are un necessary, for it is literally a region of ihi.ii morl, The sixth ( Dr Campbell) i ; tho onlV earthly reinaiict, ami though not as liudy nnil good- looking as in days of yore is as capable of pust-mhrtu-fymg as ever hu was. Tho death nf Dr Hobsou ocanmul n:i Ith JTarch, 18-18, before he had an opporMmitv of entering upon his tbiries, aud tlm vacancy so created w.-wfijk-d (.y the uuopjv-ixed olectum of Dr\V. 0. \Vihm»t, Abdbuurne'-t first Coroner. But the rule defining the qualification for the medical staff was liistustcfo! to more than Dr Wiikie, and an agitakmu was set going for tti amendment, and with such effect that 111 .Sep tember ihu Managerial Board so altered it that it was iu futuro to bo read ah " ihat all persons shall lie eligible foe the offices of physician or surgeon respectively to this hospital, who shall hold a physicians or surgeon B diploma from some University or College ot thu United Kingdom of Great Britain nnd Ireland, or from anv foreign uni versity or academical bodyempowered to grant medical _ degrees." Tlio resident ainff con sisted of a male and female, viz., Mr Guur'o Wilson, dispenser, and Mm Jones, matron, at tlm annual stipend of L80 for tlm geiitleumn and L 10 thu lady, board and lodging given iu! t Evnrytliing was now iu readiness for start ing tho emieorn, except sumetliiug in the currency form of working expeu-oH, Und matters remained at a standstill until Feb ri!|iry, 1813, wln.il two of the U ir|,or,iti.,n into cmlcctora (Mi'.isrs Juinvs Uillingall ami William Ob arifiJl) magnammou-Iy entered tho breach, and Iiy a brief but p"rsintent dunning <if tho townspeopiu realized no less than L228; ao thu inuchinu was now set going. Tin: Orexint. Day was loth March, 1848, when the followin"- persons wero admitted iu the order hpo-p fled Blown, Clmrlra; L', .Tunc, William. ' Out-Pati kn'tr.— 1, Johnston, Henry; 2 Thetford, Henry; 8, Junw, Michael"; ' Coward, John - ' On 22ud Marcli tho first women were ad mitted, viz., 1, Code, Bridges, 2. Price Eliza, both in-patients. ' Tlio Melbonrno Hospital, which sprang from so small nnd protracted a beginning! lias been in operation for tbirty niim years, and perhaps fow among us havo tlio slightest notion of tho numbnr of patient, who havo passed through it This I am able to supply through the courtesy of Mc J. Williams, its well-known, indefatigable secretary, who 1ms boon identified with its weal or woo for over so many years, and still champions his proteyc manfully. Jn reply ton personal ap plication Mr Williams favored mo wit h a com munication dated 18th January, 18.87, from which I mako thu following extract Tlm number of persons received since the opening of thu Hospital may bo stated as men, 478.RIO ; women, 235,81!) ; or a total of 710,45'J. Of this number 08,423 men and .HI, 211 women havo been treated in Iho wards of tho Hospital. Tho gross number, ol con ran, includes tlio out-patient depart ment." ' Thu original building is now nearly lost in the vast additions from time to time erected about it. Its faco looked towards Swmiston street, mid it contributes tho eastern wing of thu modem main .building on tho central block, which was the first addendum. Next followed tho western wing, aud subsequently two pavilions on thu cast side of tlio reserve. The old edifice was crowned by a .greonish sort of skull cap, grandiloquently designated a cupola, wrought out of load-eovcrcd wood, a stylo of wind-up ornamentation which formed a apecial professional weakness of Mr Samuel Jackson, a long defunct architect, who de signed and supervised tho putting together of several of tho public buildings of Early Mel- \- bourne. Tho first sito granted for hospital purposes stood near tlio centro.of the presont enclosure, and tiiero was au obltquo short cut from tho intersection of Swauutou nnd Lotisdalu streocn, close by tlio hospital door, which was daily traversed by almost ovcry pedestrian whoso business led from tho town to tlio gaol and Court Hourc, tho Aficrri Creole and other North-Easteru localities, and rice versa. 