he Wine V7set 'onsqureefs Cerse. Nay, frown not, fairest I Chide no more, Nor blame the blushing wine ; Its fiery lips are innoceht When thrills the pulse with thine. " i Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But veil thy glances bright, Lest wine and beauty mingling here, Should wreck soul to-night. Then, dearest. to the aneient vine, In seulptured beauty rare,. Bow down thy red, arched lip and quaff Therine that conquers ears; And breathe upon the glowing cup, Till thus its perfumes be Sweet as the scent of the orange groves Upon some tropic sea. Then while the fingers idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gushed from heart of fire Song such as Grecian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field was won, And Persia's glory, with the light, Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men Ring bravely out once more ! Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Sing the deep memories of the past I 3ry soul'shall follow thee Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; And as the sweet vibrations hang :. Enfettered on the air.. I'll drink, thy white arms round ma love, The wine that conquers care; A Great Traffic in Fowls.-Speaking of the' immense number of fowls received weekly at Marseilles, France, a London journal says: The fowls arrived from Italy. in railway-vans of the ordinary size, but specially constructed for this traffic. The aides are of lattice-work, and internally the van is divided into nine tiers, or shelves. On each tier there are twelve cages, and each cage is calculated to contain thirty birds. In this way the prodigious number of three thonsand,two hundred and fifty fowls is con veyed in a single waggon. The cages are provided with tine for water on one side and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which any fowl that is injured or sickly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to: deteriorate on their journey, though they come from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish frontier. We often thank Heaven that we ae not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do so with justice), but if the Irish poultry consigned to the markets of London or Glasgow oould ase the arrangements that are made for the accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the careless kindhearted. ness of the English, and handed over to the salculating mercies of the Italian. Beggars Supported by Gamblers.-Per baps the gamblers are the beet support of beggars. If you know where a poker game or a farobank is located-of course you don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know , will be quite a surprise to you to learn that they.exist;if, indeed, you know what they are- you'll always find beggars and loafers around. Gamblers are superstitious, and they will not upon any consideration pass a beggar by without giving him a small contribution. It would be bad lock. Perhaps there's a trifle of conscience about it, and they have, after all, a sense of some power above them to be ap peased by their helping the needy. A gambler will borrow to give to a beggar. I have known actors imbued with the same sentiment. I only knew one dramatist who owned the superstition. He had a play com ing out, and the night it was to be produced, just before the curtain went up, a beggar tackled him. He gave him a penny. " There," said he, " that's good luok. My play will be a go." It was a terrific failure. " "I wish I'd given hinm a florin I " he said. The superstition was all right. The amount hadn't been enough to appease the goddess Fortune. His Costumes.-Richard Wagner gener ally received his visitors in medieval costumes such as he always wore when composing. Alexandre Dumas, calling on him one day, was highly amused at the masquerade. "You are all dressed up to play ' Gealer,', eh?" said Domas, with his good-natured laugh, which rather hurt the feelings of the author of "Tannhauser," who nevertheless returned M. Damas' visit when next he went to Paris. After same delay M. Domas appeared at last, arrayed in a magnificent dressing-gown with large flower pattern,, a helmet with flying plumes, a life-belt round his waist, and enormous riding boots. ! Pardon me,.. said he majestically, " for appearing in my Working costume. I can do nothing without being dressed in this manner. Half of my ideas live in this helmet, and the other half are lodged in my boots, which are indispensable to me when I write my love saenes."' ' Moral Courage -There is a brave man in Kentucky. Tne State is noted for the bravery .of her, sons and: the .beauty.of her daughters;'but the man we epeak of has- a kind of courage which is rare everywhere and at all times. His name is John 8. Rhea. On the stump recently, Mr. Rhea descanted with freedom upon another speaker, who replied by a challenge to mortal combat. Rhea de clined to fight for four reasons: 1. He did not believe in duelling. 2: It was against the law. 3. There was some one dependent upon him to whom he owed protection. 4. His acceptance of a challenge would exclude him from the practice of his profession in Ken tucky. These are arguments which his op ponents will find it difficult to answer.- "At the same time, speakers who do not believe in duelling are practically bound to treat their opponents with the most serampulous personal respect. A feeble but faetiouas applicant for em ployment in Brisbane called upon the alder man from his ward, the other day, and press. ing his claims to consideration upon the ground of serviee rendered.upon election, urged the alderman to secure him a place. " Why, mydear fellow, you are too sick to work. I would gladly do anything I could for you, but it is out of the question; there is no one of thedepartments that would-fit your cane." '"Isn't there? What's the matter with the Health Department? " Female students are numeros in Paris (most of them Russians), and generally poor, so they-club together and put their resources into a ceommon fund. Oneroom is used asa :dormitor, nother as' a study, :etc., and a -isis'1s conk dnes ton, ll. 