SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1887. The present is generally called an age of change. It would be much more correctly described as the preparation for a change that is to come, as the levelling of the mountains and the fill- ing of the valleys to make a high road for other systems of thought. It is an age, undecided and doubting, fluctuat- ing between opposite beliefs, swinging from the coldest rationalism to the most empty ceremonies of the extreme High Church, contenting itself with blank materialism and then clutching at the crudest and clumsiest statements of a more spiritual existence, uncertain in all its speculations and undetermined in its creeds. The universal acceptance of the demonstrations of geology has completely changed the views regarding the creation of the world and the course of its history, on which much of the older theology de- pended. The prevalent belief in the Darwinian theory has thoroughly altered the popular notions of the origin of the human race, and has put an end in many minds to the con- viction that man has sprung from a unique creation, together with all the religious doctrines which it involved. The widespread opinion that the Bible is no more than the literature of a nation, containing legend and myth and histories, written for a special purpose long after the events, raises among hundreds the question whether or not there is an infallible guide for faith and the conduct of life. The world has been passing through a cycle of negations uttered by science and criticism, and negations, however neces- sary they may be at times, form a glacial period for the growth of senti- ment and devotion. Hence it is that a reaction is visible in Germany, where STRAUSS and BAUR were once supposed to have swept everything before them. Men cannot live by destruction of their old beliefs, by scientific calcula- tion or by historical criticism and the overthrow of tradition, and many of them return from materialism to religion and from criticism to faith The enthusiasm caused by tho prospect of a great change has died away like a dawning flush, and those who fondly expected that a simple moral code would reform the world, or that humanity would gain by sacrificing the belief in the supernatural, are the most disappointed. RENAN may re- construct the ways of the Book of the Lord, or find reason to depreciate DAVID and exalt SAUL. One is tempted to ask how this affects the nineteenth century, or whether the stream of a purer life can rise from such petti- fogging sources. Adopt what parts of the Bible suit you, is virtually the easy advice of Mr. Matthew Arnold With almost equal lightness and airiness do Dr. Strong and the Australian Church seem to get over the thousand and one intellectual difficulties which their position suggests. Scorning proofs and dispensing with any guarantee for the validity of his statements, Dr. Strong appeals to our consciousness for the belief in God, and adds that we cannot understand it just as we fail to understand tho inspiration of music. But music, we may point out, is a thing intelligible and understood. The man who is unable to comprehend it confesses to an infirmity, whereas on Dr. Strong's theory it would be a virtue to give expression to any religious crudity that may cross one's brain. As far as we can gather, he founds his church on the belief in a moral order behind which there is some vague, in- definite " will or power or reason." But what in that case does he mean by the use of familiar phrases, such as the Fatherhood of God, the sonship of men ? How can any man be expected to love a mysterious will 0r power or reason about which all that is known is that He or It is invariable and un- changeable ? Is the will or power or reason an impersonal force or a con- scious being, a hypothesis or a living influence in the human heart, a being or a principle of life that is found in trees and plants and in all existing things. Such ques- tions as to Dr. STRONG'S real mean - ing must perforce be redoubled when we come to examine what he calls the second foundation of his church. He says and says truly, in New Testament language, that JESUS is to be known " after the spirit, and not " after the " flesh " But, as the assertion stands this may mean that every man is to take his own view, and that all specu- lations, inferences, and guesses as to the real nature of CHRIST'S life are alike right. Dr. Strong ought to inform the world how Jesus can over be known, unless the actual facts of his earthly career are discovered and set forth. Two views occupy the field of vision, tho one held by the church, and the other, that he was simply the last of the Hebrew prophets, gifted with somewhat deeper insight than his predecessors. Must not everything in a man's religion depend upon the acceptance of one of those opinions or tho other ? Can there be, in the Australian Church or outside of it, a spiritual faith to which such questions are indifferent? Similarly, though Dr Strong has most truly pointed out that all institutions, churches, and nations are judged in the course of time by "advancing know- ledge and experience, ' he has omitted to demonstrate how the judg- ment affects the individual church members and citizens. Why is it that wickedness and injustice flourish, that the innocent are punished for the guilty, that one generation is involved in trouble and revolution for the sins of another ? Is every person judged in this life, in spite of the apparent testi- mony of our eyes to the contrary, or is his judgment reserved for some future sphere of existence? If Dr. Strong were to look into the three pro- foundest poems of tho world—" Job," " Hamlet, ' and " Faust "—he would find that there is an infinitely more difficult problem than the one he has attempted to solve, to which every church must give what answer it can. But though the Australian Church does not promise, to solve the doubts and difficulties of the time, it has before it a useful career and an honourable place. It is juvenile nonsense to talk of dispensing with creeds and firm religious beliefs and intellectual con- victions. A creed is nothing more than an explanation of the moral order of the world, and it is only liable to change in so far as scientific opinion may be altered, and for the same reason. Every confession of faith, like every scientific theory, is, as Dr. STRONG frankly admits, a broken light of a truth not yet seen in its ful- ness, and as long as men retain the gift of reason, they will continue to formulate even their imperfect know- ledge. But it is undeniable that the creeds in their present form are out of touch with popular ideas, and that they will never regain their hold over a large mass— and these the best educated—of the people. Nothing can clothe with life the dead bones that remain from anti- quated scientific mistakes, 0r restore the rudimentary organs that have fallen into disuse. Over many who are struggling towards a simpler and purer faith the Australian Church should exercise an influence for good, remind- ing them that there is another aspect of religion than that of dogma, and more in life than comfort and contentment. It is a church whose raison detre is not to answer questions authoritatively, but to make men think. It is a church which ought to show that religion con- sists not in doctrine alone, but in moral principles and in unselfish action. And whether it succeed or fail in numbers, it will succeed in the best sense by doing good , for every honest discussion and all earnest preaching, and every attempt to apply tho teaching of Christ to modern life, must bring us nearer to that unseen Eternal Presence, of whom the rolling worlds are the vesture, and the storm-tossed souls of men are thoughts. Tho agreement between France and England with regard to the Suez Canal, which was signed on October 24th Pans, has atti acted notico more, porhaps, from the circumstance, under which it wns concluded, than horn tho terms of tho agreement itself Most of Us piovisions huvo already îecoived the assent of tho poweis at the con foi once held m l¿8r), and the new clauses add very little to whit was con tamed m tho unrntihed convention made botweon Sir Henry Drummond WoiFt and MouKr.n Pasha on the subject of tho noutialisation of the canal This is a point, indeed, which the British Government has alroidy conceded Porhaps the best thing that could liavo happened for British interests would have been that tho canal should liavo lemamed di, jute, as it is now dejado, undci Bntish control A settlement of the question upon this footing, though it might poi haps have been possiblo m 18b2, is quite impossible now, and it is only fair to add that, in tho opinion of many per sons, it would bo a consummation winch would bo neithei piactieablo nor dcsinblo It boing out ol tho ques tiou, thciofoio, that the canal should remain a British possession, tho next best thing obviously is that it bhould not boloug to any othei pott el And this so far as it will ha\o auj efiect at all, the tctent understanding between ] ngliind and 1 lauco has established J ho articles of tho convention deni ing with this subject piowdo that tho canal shall lcmain opon to vessels of nil nations in timo of wai as in timo of penco , but that no act of hostility is to tiko placo on tho banks of tho canal, oi in tho approaches oi poits leading to it within a limit to ho dotei milled by tho Intei national Commis- sion of bUDorinteudonco In timo of wai the belligerent powois shall noither disoiiibaik uoi take up in tho canal, or in tho ports of entrance, tioops, munitions, oi matorml of wai lho representatives of tho signatoiy powers in 1 gj pt shall foi m tho body to which the oxeeutton of the tieaty will bo on ti usted, and in view of an} circum stnnco winch throatons tho security of tho canal, thoj shall bo callod together by the senior member of the commission, and after verifying the existonco ot the dnngor, shall notify the fact to tho Kiii'Divi-, who shall, if nucossaiy m conjunction with thobublimoPoifo tako meusuros to onsuro tho piotbction and freo uso of tho canal 'Hie terms of tins modest agreement soom, as wo stated nbo.o, hardly to warrant tho linpoitanco which has beon attnched to it Viewed as a substantial and efiectivo settlement of tho Sue7 Canal question, it hardly does more than embody what the natmal and ordinal y view of tins question must bo, and what must soonei or later ha\o been accepted as a settlement of it The Trench no doubt would have very much preforred that tho canal should have remained Tionch Jlut their action it the time of _rabi s rebellion made it impossible for thom to maintain such pretensions and the claim to the canal has by foi ce of circumstances poshed to Lngland I ho position of the lattei country has all along boen dependent upon tho rights which possession gives and as this possession was not intended to be permanent, tho canal must in course of timo cither lmo pissed into the hands of some othor power, 01, as has now been laid down, must have oeen made tho common piopertj of all the powers lins much, at least, the com etttion proposes to do, whothct it will succeed in doing it, is a matter which is much moro open to question It is to say tho least highly piooablo that tho document, which has just been signed amid tho jubilant delight of tho -Tench people will be found to bo oficctive only so long as there is no oc casion to havo recourso to it, and that it will cease to havo any eQecc on the first opportunity for putting its provi sions to the test In timo of pcaco it is to the interest of all nations that the canal shall bo open and free and ac cordingly freo and open it will remain without tho need of any convention In time of war it will almost certainly be to tho interest of oue oi moro of the belligerents that it should not offer a free passage to the enemy's ships, and then, willy nilly tho .convention and the commission ot superintendence thereby established, it will probably be closed in one way or another by the first nation that has tho wish and the powei to close it 'iho precautions to bo taken foi tho duo protection of the canal and the execution of the treaty seuni inaeed, almost farcical The International Commission, which is to assemble in tho event of any danger threatening the canal in ordci to make tho necessary inquiries, and to notify tho results to tho kiibuiN e, will ditTer very much from similar bodies if any thing definite, or piactical is tho result of their deliberations, m which ap parently tho íepresentative of the offending power will also havo a place 1 urthcr, if the existence of a danger is satisfactorily \ ended, and duly notified to the 1xuldi\ B, the action to bo taken foi tho prevention of the danger and tho proper protection of tho canal is to rest with a ruler who is admittedly kept ou his throne only by foreign bayonets Tho provision that in tho evont of the Egyptian Government not having at its disposal sufficient moans, appeal may bo niado to tho Sublimo Porte, seems almost like a satire to those who are acquainted with tho wajs of 'lurkish diplomacy 'Hie conclusion is that tho convention is in itself little more than a recognition of tho fact that tho British occupation of i gypt is, in theory at least, merely tem polar j And it is on this account that tho bignmg of tho treaty has been íeceivcd with such enthusiasm in Trance ANith hardly an exception, tho Bans press points out with exulta tion that the neutralisation ot tho canal is the first step to tho evacuation of JLgypt, and is generous enough to piomise m ictuin a re establishment of tho most cordial relations between Iinnco and Lngland Wo shall not, we trust, be consideied ungracious, or unauly unappreciatii o of that almost priceless boon, tho friendship of Trance, if we point out that such is by no means the uocessaiy inference to bo drawn from tho agreement Iho principio that the British occupation of -gypt is not a permanent one has always been laid down by Lngland, mid tho neutial isation of the canal is no new concession, but long ago found aplaco in thoabortive Anglo'1 urkish convention But Lng land has alwavs maintained that tho period at which the evacuation of tho countrj is to take place is ono which sho alono can decide , and the conclu sion of tho present treaty is in no way a retreat from a position which was clearly defined m the Mouktar Wolf! agreoment, by which the neutiahsation of the canal was con ceded 'lhe friendship of Tranco is, no doubt, earnestly to be wished for, but it can bo purchased too doai , and, ac coiding to the piesent state of things in 1 mope, it is possible that tho friend ship of Lngland may bo o\en mole valuablo to Tianco than that of Tranco is, m existing ciicumstauees, K> ¡ling lund Tho discussion on tho Naval Défonces Bill in tho unions colonies shows how ono ghost w Inch usad to troubla tho land lins boon effectually laid Ono of tho .ads of tho Radical party in Victoria waa Unit tho colonies, while adhering to tho British connection, Bhould bo doclnrod neutral, so as to oscapo peril m case of war It was oui duty to dispel tho dolu aunt that tho colonias could be hot and cold, loyal and not lojal, m tho ompiro and out of it, and ptoof that tlio woik was woll dono is shown by tho cir cuuistnnco that wo m Victoria havo noir committed otu solves unanimously to what may bo callod an anti neutral policy, and that only in Now Soutli Wales has tho iden boon spoken of Duimg a recent debute tlioio tho pinn wits souously mooted of a confuronce to bo hold m London to mako arrangements for plating Austutlm m tho position that Hanovui occupied in thooightoonth contury, when tho tiionoi s would bo at war as lungs of llanover while thoy Moro at poaeo as lv.in.f8 of Iiiigli nd Mr Ha\nm had tho honom ot mnkmg tho proposal, and lus fi louds soom to havo faithfully le pioduced tho arguments which woio itimili u to us at ono timo boro In many mittels ni Now South Wales tho pooplo certainly mo a httlo bohmelhand, and boneo it may bo supposed, tho rovival of this dcsiL_n It was treated ns an iib siiiditj, liono\oi, bj tho moro thought ful politicians ot tho sister state Wo ttfci to tho mcidont to show how atendj and solid has boen tho ¡jtowth theso colonies 1 hi ru is no doubt that t do/en or fifteen jems a/, o a stiong party lime was in fnvoui of kosenmg tho tto by making tho union ono of tua independent nations mulei tho mime sovereign, but not undui tho samo flag A Hojnl com mission, with good name. u|iou its list, favouiccl tho project, and tho radical picas pleached thu principio contmuallj Io daj tho doetimo is doatl, and tho popular f collin, is that, instead of drawing oil from tim ompiro, tlio truo policy is to draw nearer to it Htinovoi, it is soon, is not a procodoiit foi us Iho King of 1 ngland novel porfoimod an adinmiatra tivo act m England as Kui¿ of Hanover, tho King of Hanovor novor officiated in llnuovei as King of Kngland lito ono state, as Vuikl says, could ally itself with tho euoiny of the othor Hanovoi might havo muda war upon longland, and England upon Hanover Hanover did not fly tho Luellan Has. nor acknowledge tho Englioh i jurisdiction 'Hie connection was nea dental, and was ii nuisance And it can bo honestly said now th it there is no desire m Austiilin to becomo a second H mover, not j et to mein tho disabilities ot n neuttal state A neutial countij must close its ports against tho ships of tho combatant p >vv ers , must not alio« mon of war to refit, nor to ship mon, noi to obtain aid md succour of any kind Hie Sltenimdoah ought to ha\o boen oidured out of this port m 48 liouis As wo illovved hor to stop Fngland lind to pay or fight As neutrals ive should have to order British men of war out of oui lmbours to refuse thom succour top iss a Toreign Enlistment Act forbidding my Australian to seno undei tho British Ung , and tho idea of our doing any of these things seems absurd to us to day llmt item of tho anti Imperial prognnimo is disposed of \Jo aio committed to tho policy of shiring tho fortunes of the empire, behoving that wo do best for ouisehcs by adopting that course and beat foi the rico and bocatiao tho tíos of blood render my otliLr courso impossible îïo I ono can look back it tho past and say I that tho ciuso of Jnipunul fodoration has not grown, and is not growing Its prudent ad\ ouïtes w ill wish foi no moro rapid progress lho duty on sciap non was mci dentally discussed in Pailiamont this weok, but scarcely from the right stand point Mcmbeis wero foieod to address theni-olves to tho issuo whether, after a protectionist Mnnstei of Customs his s iid that old rails aro not scrap iron, a purchaser who 1ms bought rails on that understanding cm bo saddled with a duty by political mfluenco Words aro wasted about this point Tho dictum of Mi Gu.vES can bo altered, but transactions which havo takoii placo under it must stand But tho suifeior by this duty is not tho exporter, who is tho principal figuro in tho present Beetle Hie Bufforcr must always bo tho citizen w ho has scrap iron to sell Tho duty is £3 poi ton John Jones, with a quantity of scrap iron, expected to receive £400 for tho lot, but as ho has to submit to the duty, ho obtains £2C0 only John Jone», being a Victorian citizen, intended to lay out his £100 in adding to his house, or nuking v gulden, oi in employing labour in some wav lho resultwould havo been thosamo, of course, had ho deposited tho money with a build mg society oi in a bank, as theso agents of Jones could not ilford to allow tho monoy to rem un îdlo But as Jones lins only £200 ho can employ labour to that extent only, and, moreover, ho is a pooror man than ho need bo It can scarcely bo much satisfaction to Joubb to bo told, " Ah, but Brown gets ' an advantago Ho will employ " labour in his mill, and tfio colony will " gain that way " lho indignant protest is justihed-"I should havo employed " laboui equally with Bl own, and j ou " should not depuvo mo of my property, " neither for tho sake of Brown nor of " Brown's mon ' lhoio is no equitable answor to this protest lho broad and honest rulo is that overy citizen is on titled to whatovor laluo his property will fetch in the open market-a principio which wo had tho honour of assorting with success in the case of tho ow nors of w ittlo balk Tho assertion on the other sido is that it is the interest of the community as a whole to support tho mills, and conced ini{ this position it follows that tho com munity should pay the monoy, and should not saddlo tho burden on tho typical Jones Hio procedure should be by bonus out of tho Treasurj, j e, out of the pockets of all, and not by a tax which puts under contribution tho loluetant m i dividual who happens to own sciap iron 1 he Legislative Council hail n short sitting yesterday, lor the purpose, pnmuril} of ml van el nu the Licensing Act Am.ndiuent Bill a stage. Mr Cuthbert, when the order to consider the report on the bill was lulled on saul that his attention hud been Liven to the words used in the amendment u"rec 1 to the previous day on the motion oi Mr 1 it/gcrald Subsection J of c1 nu .i- 11 winch specified generully the huais ot compensation m respect of a house closed had been amended b) the inuirttun of the lollowtng words - 1 And for the loss ot his license and business (alluding to the licens.c) lie Hind that there was grive doubt whether the words did not extend the uren ot compeusutioti uni (,o be.omi the appro pruition made by the other thamber, and under these circumstances he moved that to avoid further diliiculty they be struck ( ut of the subsection Colonel Sir(,ood supporte I tho motion, wh eli w is opposed by Mr Wallace, Air Al Culloch, und others but eventually curried by 19 to 7 alter un exprès sion at opinion from the 1 resident to the effect that the words looked to lum like ii widening of the uren of compensation J lu rest of the report wuk- then adopted and the third reading ot the bill mude the first order of thu day for luesduy next. Hie MU bourne Iramwa.s trust Act 1 -"tension u d Alteration lilli wis then recommitted to allow of Mr Melville mo. in» certain amend lucius 'the lion gentleman was speakiii,,to one when it was agreed that promus« should be reported to Wednesday next Ihclluuiio at 10 minutes to 0 a Ijuiirmd to lucad u Hie uuuiil 1 nduj uneinig of the Cabinet was not held Hstcrdu) owing to the pro longed sittings ot 1 urhiiu_cnt this vveel which has Mien Ministers little opportunity of 011611(11111; to their departmental duties i be Premier billi suites ihut it bus been de finitely decided to prorogue l'lrlmnieiit in Iburado. next providing the business of the session ein be concluded m the in__iitiu.i the Premier ot South Vustrnliu (Mr Pim ford) bus telegraphed to the 1 ostiuustera General of Victoria and _\cw South Wale« mtimiitln-, that he has received a niea-mue from the Imperml l'ostni i.t.r Geii_.nl on th the subject oi cheap postu"e rutes with tirent liritain When the ntgotiiitious ni conuee tlon with the new oceui mini servieo were in progress the Victorian l.ov »ruinent su-. Ideated to tho Governments of I\cw Souili Walesand South »Vustrulii that it would bL desirable to utilise tho contrat steamers lo convey letters direct to Omit Britain withoii truiiBhippin-, Ullin ut N ipili uu 1 llruuli-,1 for despatch overlun 1 throu"h 1 rince mil Italy to 1 nsliuid thus savin-, thu cost ot transport across the Continent Hie mil i tlon of such u scheme would tijuy the ami ii of correspondence in 1 nglund by sovirul dnjs and it w us 8u-.-,ested that the postule rute for correspondence desire 1 to be sliu iii this woy should be reduced tram bil to 11 lho Governments ol the adjoining colo mes concurred in tina propos ii mil Air 1-ailtca limn-, been communicated with it was ntij ulated m tin. contr ilI that the I* and O and the Orient aieamera should curry all Bpecmlly directed letttrs Ij sea to Great llritnm ¿ho telegrum received rom Mr Kmkeu mdiiiites that he lnvours a charlo of M instead of-Id per letter that rate however would not cover the expense of the Beni« mid the South Australian mid Victorian (jovernments having considered thu mutter, concurred that it would be undesirable to lower the - ostnge below 11 No expression of the views of the Inow South \\\ ales Govnrnment ib yet to hand, but should they concur with Victoria und South Australia on the subject, an answer to that ellect will at once be sent to Mr Kalkes by Air Playford lho 1 arl of Carnarvon was ontcrtained by the members of the Legislativ o Council an 1 the Legislative Assembly at a banquet in the Queen s hull yostcrda. evening There was a large and representative attendance, and the hall with its elTectivo decorations presented a brilliant appearance Sir James MucBaln occupied the chair, and amongst those present, in addition lo the Ministers and members of 1'itrlmmont, were His >*( celleney the Governor, the jud-,18 of the Supreme Court, naval and military oflicer., and hoads of departments 1 lie Lurl of Carnarvon responded to the taust of his health in a speech of about half an hours duration Ile addressed himself mainly to the question of the closer arnon of the empire The members of the recent Imperial Conference were, ho thought, quite rij.h. m refusing to discuss the ques tion of Imperial lederntion 'lime and circumstances were not then ripe 1 or Ina own part he had always avoided urging ambitious or cut and dried schemes If the svmpathy and affection between J1 nu land and the colonies were fostered arid en cournged the reat would How ensily nnd imturoll) lhere were diflcrent tornis oi federation and lie would greatly regret ttuet tiny federation should lie Drought about which should extinguish or obliterate the splendid individualities ot these colo niea. I ederation whenever and however it might come must be the distinct outcome of the publie wish It could not be put into a forcing house There was a joung t,eneru tiou trowing up nnd we must be able to show them that any scheme to be adopted would be tor their permanent and unqueB tioned interest. Ile utterly disbelieved the stutement thot n closer union would in the long run mean separation Hie same arguaient was used with regard to responsible Lovernnietit but responsible (.overnmciit li id strengthened the tie be tween the mother country und the colonies If Lngland anti her colonies held together no limits could be placed on the dreum of Imperial greatness and power Um lordship concluded by a reference to the separation of the United States Ile thanked God, he said that there was aç,ain ti growth of feeling between the United States nut! I wJand, and those statesmen had his heartiest c,ood wisheH and thanks who laboured to restore the uuiou between the two countries In the course of his speech at the Farha metitury dinner hist nit,ht the burl of Car nurvon made pointed allusion to the reported deportation of addition il récidivistes to New Caledonia He little thought he Bind, that when he used the case ot the New Hebrides difliculty na an illustration in a former speech, how speedily that illustration would take a practical form Ile hud hoped that the treaty to which he then referred would have put a complete end to tile controversy und that it would I e carried out not only in the letter but in ilie spirit If there was indeed truth in the tele gram that had been published, then he ven tured to speak in tho name of all that wis best m 3 ngland, and of states men of both sides ot l.rlmment, and to assure the people of Australia of their sympithj, and, as fur as poasiblc, their co operation The l'rime Munster of 1 ng land he was persuaded whilst using all that courtesy which diplomatic form obliges would multe it clearly understood whut uns the just und unconquerable repugnance on the part of the Australian colonies to subject themselves to the maintenance or renewal of this accursed abomination 1 he 1 irl of Carnarvon «rill pay a visit to the lodç.e of I reemnsona named after his lordship today Hie Iori of Carnarvon Lodge, No 2 124 hold un emergency meeting at noon in tlio Collingwood town hall, Brother James I'agc, \V M , presiding faub sequently ijir William Clarke, District Grand Muster, ntitl several of lus otticers will be re ccived after which Lord Carnarvon, by virtue of Ins hiL.li ollice of l'rov Grund Master of lngland will be announced His lordship is to be presented with an album and an address, on behalf of the members of the lotice Hie proceedings are to wind up with a luncheon, at which the mayor and coun cillors of Collingwood will be present. Up nurds of 200 invitations bave been responded to heportB by the various experts, who were desired to furnish the Commissioner of Irude and Customs with an expression of opinion whether old iron rails could be re gnrded as scrap iron wtchm the moaning of the tariff regulations, have been received by that gentleman 'Hie opinions ure to the effect that an iron rail which is worn out, and consequently useless for railway or tramway I urposes is scrap iron and liable to the ex port duty of £_ per ton cluirncable on such material '1 ho rails bought by Messrs Gibbs, UriL,ht, nnd Co from the hallway department, which the proprietors of the. Lion Rolling Mills South Melbourne, have endeavoured to prevent being sent out of the colony, were described in the tender na ' old iron rails,' and as it lins been the practice of the Cus toms depirtment hitherto to permit such material to be shipped without piymentof the export duty, it is noc probable that a de purture from the custom will be made in that particular instance All diliicnlty will be ob viated in luture by the iirriin.cment made with the liuilwuy Commissioners that from henceforth lots of old iron mils when ollered for public sale shall be described us scrap iron '1 lie subiect ot drainage at Itosstown lias been forced upon the attention of the railway authorities in connection with the formation ol the stntion yard at that suburb -lie Caulfield ..lure Council, early in the present j ear, asked for a grant from the department lo assist them to undertake works to carry the sewage away from the railway line. 'Hie lim I way Commissioners »greed to give the grant, and the members ot the council yes- terday asked the commissioners if they could state a dale when the money would beplnced at their disposal, because the) intended in- viting phins for the work. Hie couiints somers siiul that the vote would be handed to the council when the works hud been completed to the satisfaction ot the department 'Hie council also brought under notice the fact that much annoyance wus caused by delay in opening the railway gates at the Itosstown station, and they pointed out the necessity of »orne schema being adopted to enable vehicles to cross the line without hindrance. Hie) further requested to be informed whether uti agreement had been entered into with the Victoria Amateur Turf Club to remove the railway fence at Cuulfield with the object of widening the road leading to the Caulfield rnceeourse. 'lite commissioners auld thut the) had not yet receivod any com- munication Irom the club, but tiley would write to them on the subject and forward their reply to the council 'Hie question of facilitating the progress of the rontl traffic across the ruiluuy would receive immcdlutc attention , Mr Hu)ter, the Government statist, re- ports that the estimated population of Vic- toria, on _e.lteinbcr JO, waa 1,027,7.0, or un mt reuse ot S bli since June ¿0 lust, 'Hie total number ot mules is stated to be 015,4.3, mid teníales IS_',.t20 Mr 1 IL Wilson, tho under secretar), lins obtained leave ot absence on account of ill. lie ilth, und proposes to paya visit to 'las mania, 1 he Treasurer has promised to advance the mont') requisiti to pay tho salaries of stute school teachers prior to the Christmas hulula)« which extend over a period of three weeks, commencing on the lbth or Jlrd lust., at the option of the head teachers A number ot the commissioners of the Centennial International 1 inhibition nt tended the Inhibition building hist evening, accompanied in mail) instances by their wivea mid members of their Inmihea, for (lie purpose of judging of the efficiency of the present go» lighting All the gus jets vu io lighted in the main hall nnd galleries, with the view of ascertaining the quantity ol ¡.us consumed in a given time, and of testing the brilliaiicj of tho light. Several dillerent surta of burners were also exhibited in the unices of the commissioners There aecmed to be a general opinion thut additional jets would bo required to ellectivel) light the nunn hull, but no definite action will be taken until the commissioners hold a mi et mg to cousidcr the subject. During the evening Mr W J. Turner plnjed sevcrnl selections on tho organ for the entertainment of the pnrty A well attended meeting of thepromottrs of the Victorian Juvenile Industrial exhibi- tion was held yesterday alternoon, at the 'town hull. The honorary secretar), Mr \\\, Atkinson, stated that in accordance with a resolution passed at a previous meeting, held on the 2-lth ult, ha hud waited on severnl Inlluentinl gentlemen, who hud not only promised their active support, but had signed a_gu»rant.e bond tor upwards of J.3,000 À'iuôngut the signatures obtained vveru those of Sir W. J. Clarke, Mr C II. James, M L C , Mr \\\\\ H. Roberts, M L 0 , Dr. Le Fevre, M I_C , Messrs D-vid Carson, W. K 'ihom son, John Detmold, John F. H'Corran and severnl other leading citizens. Sir Jamos AlacCnm regretted he would be unable to take an active part m the movement, but promised a donation of £20 It was unanimously decided that the exhibition should be opened on the 2Sth March, 1888, and every endeavour made to have the schedules published as earlj as possible The secretary then read the draft of the first olhcial circular, which was ordered to be printed and distributed forthwith The guarantors were elected as executive commis sioners, but the election of president and -.ice presidents was left over till the next meeting Meaers John Detmold and R. G Benson were appointed honorary joint trea- surers, and Mr i\\. Atkinson general secre- tary An election of a member for a vacune, in the council of the Church of England Grammar School waa held jestcrday, at the diocesun registry The vacancy was caused by the retirementof Air 1' T A'Beckett, and the candidates were Messrs Ussington King and r S Grimwade The election was made bv the parents of the pupils, and re suited in favour of Mr King, who secured 21 ugamst Mr GrtmWdes8vo.es A letter wna read ut the meeting ot the Tramways Trust jesterdoy from Alessrs. Dennett and Sons, Toorak road, South Yurru, churning compensation for damage caused to their furniture tuctory through the tratnwa. works having dammed up storm water during the recent heavy rain and caused it to flow into their premises. The letter was re- ferred to the legislative committee On the recommendation of the works committee, Mr. A M'henzie's tender of ¿8,739 19s. 9d. for the construction of the North Carlton cable tramway line was accepted Alired Lamey Rive, the master of the barque Glaslyn, appeared yesterday before the members of the Steam Navigation Board to show cause why his certifi- cate should not be suspended in con- nection with the recent striking of the barque on a reef in the Flores Sea, and its subsequent abandonment The mem- bers of the board present were Captains Ful- larton (chairman), Devlin, Payne, and Mr Couche Air Croker watched the proceed inga on behalf of Captain Hive 'Ibe board bad previously held au inquiry into the circumstances of the case, and had decided that the Glnslyn was Btranded through the default ot the master in not taking proper precautions for the navigation o> the vessel in a dangerous locality, and also that he prematurely abandoned her without making su/huent eil ort to get her oil the reef This waa followed by the prosecution of Captain Hive betöre the Port Melbourne bench of magistrates on a cbnrge of con- spiracy m connection with the abandonment ot the vessel, but the charge waa dismissed At yesterday's investigation evidence was given on behalt of Captain Hive to the eflect that every etlort was made to get the barque off the reef, and it was not until these efforts had failed, and the ship was found to be rapidly making water, that she was aban- doned It was also stated that a witness named Alexander, who gave evi dence at the previous inquiry, had mentioned that he intended swearing fnlselj. Mr Croker contended that the report of the board on the occasion of the inquiry referred to had been made upon evidence which was not true, and that his client was therefore entitled to retain his certiticute. The board, after private consultation, decided to aus pend the certificate for 12 mouths, dating trom October 24, 1SS7 They intimated, however, that they would be prepared to hear an application from Cuptain Kive for a certificate of a lower grade. Mr. Goldsmith applied yesterda. to Air. Justice A'Beckett, on behalf of the registrar of titles, for leave to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Supreme Court in the action of itesserv. 6*i64-, 'Hie Court had held that the insurance fund under the Transfer of Land Statute waa liable to repay a sum ot about -.'3,000 on a mortgage that had been fraudulently given by one C J. Cresswell over the plaintiff a land at Hamilton Air Hayes appeared tor the plamttl), and Mr T. A'li Weigall for the mortgagees The leave to appeal was granted, the defendant to give security to the amount of £300 tor the costs of the appeal The action ot Daiey v. Danby was con- tinued m the Kquity Court jestcrday before Mr Justice Webb The plaintiff, Air. T. J Davey, as trustee of the insolvent estate of Mrs Alarie Louise Thoueinan, who formerly resided nt St, Kilda, sued Air IL \V Danby, vvlio was assignee ol a deed of assignment executed bl Airs. Tfionemun, to recover from him a sum ot £001, the value ot a por- tion of Mrs Thonemun's property thut Imtl been realised by linn. In Februar), 1880, a meeting ot Mrs. Thouemun's creditors waa held, tit which ii resolution wus agreed to that her estate Bhould be assigned to Mr. Dimby for the benefit ot the creditors A number of the creditors did not agree to this resolution, and after the deed of assignment had been executed, one of the dissenting creditors (Mr T. Camp) took steps to havo the estate sequestrated in the Insolvent Court A rule »tisi for the seques- tration of Mrs. Tlionecunn's estate, obtained by Mr. Camp, was discharged by Jeir. Justice Webb, and his decision was continued bj the Kuli Court m MuylSSG Some months alter, wards another rulo lor tile sequestration ot the estate was mude absolute by Mr Justice Wobb, and this decision waa ultimately con- firmed by the I .11 Court. In the meantime, Mr Danby had sold a portion of the estate, and out ot tho proceeds had paul a divi- dend to the creditors who signed the deed of assignment, Mr Davey, as trustee under the insolvency proceedings, sought to recover this money from Mr. Danby. Mr It. Barnard, olio ni the creditors who had re- ceived a dividend, was mudo a defendant to to represent tho othei creditors who hud also been paid dividends It wus contended tor the plaintiff that the deed of assignment to Mr Dan.) waa void, and that any pa)ments he lind mndo under it were also void The defendant paid into court a sum ot ¿231 that was in his hands when the action was commenced, and as to tho remainder con- tended that lia lind a right to distribute it among tlje creditors. Mc. Justice Webb reserved his decision Mr. Higgins and Mr Woolt appeared for the plaintif), Mr. Topp lind Mr. Isaacs foi Mr. Danby, and Mr. Hood for Mr Uurnard An appeal irora a decision of Judge Cliom ley in the County Court ut llcnulla, lu an action of M'Bean v Iii own, wus heard ni the Supreme Court yesterday. '1 he plaintiff, Mm Julia M'lieun, sued the dufendunt, Mr 1 red!, T. Drown, for damages tor breach of un ngreement for the hiring of premises tit Benalla which belonged lo the plain tlfl. It wns saul lor the plmutitl that Mr. Brown had agreed verbally to become tenant ot the premises lor 12 mouths, that he went in to possession nndirthe agreement, but nfterwards kit and lelused to pu) any rent on the ground that the pluintitt lind not earrie 1 out u promise lo miiko ccr tain repairs to the house 'Hie plaintiff claimed dnmigcs for the breach ot the agree- ment hi the defendant li was urg d tor the di fendant that the agreement could not bo etitorctd iiH it was not in writing, and also that the plaintilt had promised to ellect ccr tam re mu ra to the house, which promise hud not been cnrried out. '1 he jiiih.0 ot the County Court gave n verdict tor the plaintiff tia'lui is bil 'Hie defendant appealed to the Supreme Court '1 he Court held that the judge oi the County Court was right, and dismissed the appeal with costs An application was mndo to Mr Justice .'Beckett in the l'r.ictico Court jestcrday to continue the interim injunction that he had grunted in an action of A'lkclctt i Wai button,rostruiiung thedelondant from iiinMug excavations adjoining the plaintiff«' promises ni Bourke street wejt, anti in such a manner as to injure the plaintiffs' property 'Hie plaintillii Mr Mulw)ii A'Huckclt and Mr. Ker, were trustee« ot the mutritige settlement ot Mr W A. C A'Ueckett, anti had the lee,al estate in some property lu Bourke street west '1 lie defendant is the owner of the New York Hotel, which is on adjoining land 'Hie détendant was rebuilding the hotel, and itwassalilthnt, mdolngso. excava tuma wore made which hut) tho efiect of damaging the western wall of tho plaintiffs' property. Affidavits were filed by tho defen- dant to the effect that the injury, if any, waa vt-v -íilinir. It waa ultimately decided that on the defendant giving an undertaking to be liable for the damage, no order should be made on this application, and that the question ot costs should be reserved till the trial of the action Mr Alitchell appeared for the plaintiffs, and Dr Madden for the defendant Mr Henry Beattie, returning officer for the Taat Riding of the Shire of Melton.nppealed to tlie Courtof General Sessions, eaterday against an order made by the magistrates of the Sunbury Court directing him to pay £5 5a. fine and £"> 5s costs, or in default to suffer one month s imprisonment, for not having properly forwarded to Mr Stewart, clerk of the Melton shire, the ballot papers used at nn election of councillots for the Past Riding of the shire of Melton, held on the 11th Vugust last Ï here were two candidates at the election, and one of them, Mr Michael Aio> lan, laid the information on which Air. Beattie was fined at the Sunbury Court Mr C A Smyth appeared for the appellant j es terday, and Sir Bryan 0 Loghlen in support ot the conviction It appeared from the evidence taken that Mr Beattie did not for- ward the ballot papers to Air Stewart until the 2bth August, instead of immediately after tho election waa held, or "forth- with as stated in the Act The election was held nt the Gap, which is 14 miles irom the shire hall, and the case for the apellant was that he could not see the returning officer to give him tho ballot-papers before tho 2Gth inst, and that he had tor w urded them in reasonable time His Honour Judge Cope, who heard the appeal, aaid he did not think that under the circumatances of the case there had been any unnecessary delnj He therefore allowed the appeal and quashed the conviction, with 20 guineas costs against Air Aloylnn Another large city freenold property changed hands yesterday ut tho auction rooms of Alesara 1 raser and Co I muted by public auction '1 he land has a frontage of S5ft 3in to riizabeth street and 87tt Gilli to Little Collins street, and was sold with the buildings erected thereon 'Hie bidding commenced at £800 per foot, and quickly rose to £1123, when a further bid of L~2o per foot was made bj Mr Frank Stewart, at which price (£1,1*>0 per foot) it was secured for himself and the General Savings Land Compan* The total purchase money was £98 0-7 10a, which is the largest amount m one contract which has jet been realised by public auction in Melbourne 'Hie members of tho Auctioneers ond Estate Agents Association have decided to close their offices for the Christmas bohdu.a from December 21 to January J inclusive. An announcement in another part of our columns notifies tbnt Herr kahler s large picture "'Hie Lawn on Cup Day will be on exhibition nt Messrs Johnstone, OShanness}, and Co 's, Collins street cast, during the next week We have in previous issuea drawn attention to the work of this artist Hitherto, however, Herr Kabler's line has been almost ex clusively portrait painting, and " 'lho Lawn on Cup Day ' niuat be regarded as a new departure on his part It is the intention, we believe, of the proprietors of the work to have it engraved in Furope and to reserve a few copies of the engraving for sale m the colonies. His Lxcellency the Governor and Lad» loch will open the private view, for which a largo number of invitations have ¡ been lasned, on 'lhursduy, 13th inst W e acknowledge receipt of the 'Annotated Programme of the three concerts to be given by Air JosephGillott in the Masonic hall, the tirst of which will take place on Wednesday evening, the 21st inst 1 or the right enjo. ment of a hrst-clasa concert of instrumental music a well annotated procramnie is becoui mg moro and more a rigorous requirement lhut which the morning journals do after the event is here achieved while the enter tainuieutis in progress, or ev eu before it com menees, to the enlightenment and gratifica tion of the reader, whether or no he be present at the performance '1 he book under notice contains 7u quarto pages of well printed mutter, and may be purchased at a very small cost at the principal music vendors in this cit). It is of more than passing interest in connection with the concerts about to be given, because it may ' be studied with profit to the average reader whenever the quality of the musical works of which it treats -ball be called in question It is written by a thoroughly appreciative artist, m lucid and agreeuble style, and contains "Hints -es theticiil and technical for the practice and periormance of the various works for the use of pianoforte students ' Mr Giltott calla his annotations ' analytical,critical,biographical, descriptivo, narrative, and imaginative," and our own perusal ot the bioclture confirma the statement The musicians treated in this comprehensive mannerare Rubinstein, Buen, Chopin, Volkmann, Grieg, Weber, Lis_t, Dvorak, Beethoven, Schumann, Atoskovvski, Ilhemberger, Mo_art, Gounod, and Xaver Scharweiifca. The author's own name ap- pears amongst the composers, buthe does not criticise his own work. Wo can recommend these annotated programmes us being of permanent value. There ia a lurking suspicion in the mind of one ot the agents-general, observes our Lou- don correspondent, that the apparent can- dour of Lord Salisbury's despatch to Mr 1-gerton In explanation of the New Hebrides convention conceals as pretty a piece of diplomatic jugglery as could well be imugined. It is not easy to forman opinion as to the justification tor this uneasiness. 'Hie despatch of the Prime Minister would seem to imply that Great Britain, as a matter of grace, waived her right to refuse to recognise the French protectorate of Raiatca ns defini- tive, and consented to ibut island pussing per- manently under Kreuch government so soon as the New Hebrides were evacuated. Lord Salisbury hiijs nothing in his letter thut would imply that Bora Hora and Huahua, the other two islands protected by the Palmer- ston Jurnac declaration ot 1847, would ulso pass into the possession of Frunce. Rut the agent general referred to holds that the New Hebrides convention goes much further than Lord Sulisbury'a covering despatch. It indi- cates a willingness on the part of England to abrogate the declaration ot 1817 as it affects the whole group oi the Leeward Islands, mid when that is done Franca is, of course, left with a " free hand " to iinuex the whole of the three islands. This, it is thought, is the inducement which Al. Flourens received for consenting to evacuate the New Hebrides Rumlea, it is urgued, was earned by the French in the previous negotiutiona in retard to the Newfoundland fisheries Lora Bora and lluuhini were their reward for ' the sweet reasonableness " they finully ex* lubited with respect to thp New Hebrides, 'lho agents general naturally are exhibiting some curiosity to see the exact terms of the undertakings given in the iiofe ..-¿--fe com- municated b> M de 1 re>cinet to Lord Ljons on October 24, 1SS">, with referunco to the Leeward group. " Les assurances rela- tives au coinmcice et aux condarnin s " ure not understood, and more especially the hitler clause. Aluch dillerence of opinion exists amongst the ii-,ciits giiiernl ii. to whother the convention will secure tho New Hebrides from an invasion of so called UlKrei lrom New Caledonia. Sir Graham Borry holds that there will be nothing to uttruct the liberated convicts to the islands, and that they will Bturve it they go there. Sir Francis Bell, on the other hand, is inclined to attach much importance to Air I ligginson's scheme for the transportation of liberes in consider- able numbers to the New Hebrides. He also holds that under the terms of the convention these men cannot be excluded, but can even claim the joint protection of Kngland lind France, supposing they become in- volved in quarrels with the nntives. Thu iS'/'fC/aior holds t'nit the lircnch havo scored a diplomatic triumph as regards the Nuw Hebrides, " if it be a triumph to have a high handed breach of treaty obligations passed over, and a simple performance of a contract treated as though it constituted now und valuable consideration" Tho & Review regards the convention ns being neither a diplomatic triumph nor a .orion» diplomatioBUrrenilor. "Toproporly appreciate Lord Sniinbury'- difficulty two incta bud to bo borno in mind. Olio waa that the deadly earnestness of the Australiana rendered It imperativa on the Minister for Foreign Aflairs to get the French out of the Ne» Hebrides ; the other was that whilo one half of the active politicians in England' would have passionately denounced a war with France for tho Bake of the New Hebrides, tho other half would not have ve- hemently applauded a warlike policy on tho part of England, ' which Beems to imply that the end justified tho means, and that Lord Salisbury, having secured the evacua- tion of the New Hebrides, should not ha pressed too closely as to tho mode in which he brought about that event, \\\ riting on Nov ember 4, onr London cor» respondent sajs -"The commissioners in Scotland of the Scots Church, Melbourne, were unanimous in selecting the Kev. Dr. Marshall Lang, the minister of the famous Barony Church, Glasgow, ns the temporar) occupant of tho Scots Church pulpit, pending tho appointment of a permanent pastor -hey felt thai any successor to the Hev Dr. Cameron Lees must be someone well in the van ot Pres- byterian progress in the old world, and in choosing Dr Lang they had this condition clearly in mind Dr Lang is regarded as ono of the most experienced, eloquent, nnd tactful minis- ters in the Established Church of Scotland. The fact that he was chosen by the Crown as the successor of the lote Dr Norman M'Lecxl m tho Baron) Church was quito sufficient to mark him out as a man of note, and the wisdom of the selection has been amply justifiod by the success attending his minis« tuitions in Glnsrow during the last 11 years, "Iho Archdeacon of Glasgow' has longbeen held to bo 'a might) loree on the side of righteousness' in the great commercial capital of tho north Ho will probably bo absent from bis congregation for about seven months, but his ministrations in Melbourne will not exceed four months. The Established Presbyter) of Glasgow cordially granted him the requisite permission to leave his parish, and bore cordial testimony to his admirable fitness for tho mission of reconciliation on which he was bent Dr Lang sails in the Orient steamer Oroya " About 7 o clock last night a woman named Mrs. Duncan, residing at Laverton, met with an accident by getting off a tram in Collins street whilst in motion She fell heavily on her hoad, aud was ren- dered insensible b) the blow Constnblo Stapleton removed her to Lane's Hotel, and in about half an hour ehe regained consciousness It appears that she had got into the wrong tram, and when she foundout her mistake she jumped off withont waiting for the car to stop It is uot thought that she was seriously injured At a meeting held j cn te relay it was decided to abandon the intended ntoitn.e perform^ ance on Friday, lCth inst, for the benefit of the widow mid children of the late Mr. PhiL Day On the samo evening, however, a per- formance for that object will bo given in the Opera house by combined amateur dramatic clubs, and every effort will be used to render it a success Mr _dward Coventry, assisted by a number of ladies and gentlemen, gave a musical anti dramatic entertainment in the Masonic hall last night lhere was a fair attendance, rho programme waa of a varied character, and contained the names of Mrs. Bethel, Miss Vera Goad, Messrs. li Coventry, James Bollar8 (an African trabedian), T B Brown- ing, C M J 1 dwtirds If ittts, Hermann, Morris, and bignor Casiraglu .he enter- tainment was brought to a close with a clever fnrce, entitled "Browne, tho Mart)r," in which Mesara Coventry, J J Mortis, anti Jim. Piram took part, Tho audience was lavish in its applause, and ni several m stances demanded repetitions The next concert oi the Melbourne Lieder- tafel for ladies and gentlemen will take place in the Melbourne Town hall on Monday evening, at S o'clock '1 he final rehearsal of chorus and orchestra is called for this even- ing in tho upper hall of the Athcnreum The Melbourne Philharmonic Society adver- tise, their annual performance of Handel s '"Messiah." The committee have decided to give two performances ot the work this years, in consequence of Christmas Day falling on Sunday. Subscribers will have the option of attending either night. The artists engaged are Mrs. Palmer, Madame Christian, Mr Annes Beau- mont, Mr. Gordon Gooch, and Mr. S. Lambie. A plan of seats will be opened at Messrs. Nicholson and Co.'s Collins street, on Mon- day, the l9th inst. Mr Martin Stmonscn re opens the Alex- andra Theatre tonight with the Italian version of the popular _ughsh opera " Mari- tana " The distribution of parts is detailed in our advertising columns Madame Madeline Schillers concert takes place to night in the lawn hull, commencing ut 8 o'clock The programme appears in our advertising columns Miss Leonora -tainui, having recovered from the cold which prevented her appearing as Josephine in the opera ot "1IM.S 1'ina fore" at the Princesas Theatre on its first presentation, lina been filling tho part with much acceptance .ince Wednesday night. Miss Braham makes a distinct suc- cess singing the music with ease and feeling, infusing archness and grace into her acting, and displaying a true recognition of the humour of the scenes in which she appears. Miss Burnett's Little Buttercup is an equally cnjojuble performance. The opera will be produced until further notice. '"Hie School for Scandal" maintains its position in public estimation. Tho re- presentation at tho Bijou Theatre last night was witnessed by a largo number of persons, who thoroughly appre- ciated the nrtiatic portrayal by Mr. Cath- cart oi tho putt of Sir Peter Teakle, and tho humour infused by Mr. Titheradge into the character of Charles Surface. The comedy will be withdrawn this night week to make way for tho drama, "Tho Tw lioses." The sensational incidents of Mr. Scuda uiore's drama "1'irst Class " have led to its being largely patronised at the Theatre Royal during the past week. Mr. B. N. Jones's representation of tho miser Dan is a powerful performance, which commands at- tention. Tho play will be repeated during next vvcelc. Tlio management nnnounce tis uti additional attraction the first appearance, ut the theatre to night of Lila /.Ulla, ti tight- rope perlormer, who ib known as the female Blondín. She has performed at the Crystal Palace in London anti in nil tho lending Con- tinental cities Her performances aro to begin nt 10 o'clock. 'Iho attendances at Her Majesty's Opera house hale been well sustained during tho week The musical net by Messrs. Fields anti 1 lansen, and the farcical productions of Messrs Wilson anti Cameron, have largely served to entertain tho audiences. To-night several changes will bo made in tho pro- gramme. 'Hie entertainment provided by the Silk Stockings Conipun), at the Victoria- hull, con- tinues to bo well patronised. A new pro- grámalo will be prchonted this evening Messrs Cogill Bros continuo to Biipply tlio public with un enjojablo evening's amuse- ment at the St. George's Hal). '1 his evening Miss Robertson, a vocalist, will malro her lirat appearance as a member of tho compati) The l.uropcan circus troupe will give then final afternoon and evening performances to day in the marquee at the corner of Exhi- bition and Lonsdale streets At the after noon performance thu proprietor hue invited tho attendance of the inmates from tho Bonevoleut Asylum and the Deaf and Dumb Institution. A performnnco will be given to night in the Hibertunn-hiill, Swanston street, by a variety combination troupe Mr. l'ain will open tho Friendly Societies' Gardens to night lor another display of "Tho Last Uajs of Pompeii" and general lire works. Since the lust display gas has been laid till over tho ground, and tho electric light has ulso uoeti further extended. Over 300 incundescent lumps havo beoti placed on the domo of the baud kiosk, and tho posts which support the roof have all been lined with coloured prismatic gus lamps. Hound the promenndu lawn nearly 100 archas have been eroded, each carrying large numbera of coloured gua lamps, und nil the trees in tho same part ot tho ground havo had their foliageintersperscd with electric Incandescent tampa. Several now set pieces will be «bown to night in the firoworks display. Amongst these will bo "Venus Rising, from tuf Sea," with horses and chariots, which is claimed to be the most artistic device yet presented in Australia Subjoined ia the programme of the Conti- nental Concert to be given at the Zoological gardens this afternoon -1, Priests's War March, from " Athalie," Mendelssohn ; 2, overture, " Don Giovanni, ' Alozart, 3, polonaise, " Alaskerade, "Faust", 4, selec- tion, " Nabucodonosor, Verdi, G, overture, " The Crown Diamonds ' Auber, 0, wait/, " Stones of Vienna, Strauss , 7, selection, " Ariel," Bnch , 8 gulop, ' Posthorn " Har- per , God Save the Queen Conductor, Mr. JuliUB Siede We have received the following additional subscriptions on behalf of the widow Smith, lor whom the Rev Canon|Potter has made au appeal throui.li 2/n- Arum -J De Groot £1, ' S A B ,' li Per Air Otto Berliner Mr Justice A'Beekett, £1 la, "W11," la Id, "JBW' 10s 6d , "H.GJ," 5a, "JBB,"2s. üd., "F HG,"10s 6(1, "Sym- pathetic," 2s Gd , "G C S," 10s Od , Air C J Burrow, solicitor 11 Is , two subscrip tions,tl5s 1 otal, £511s Oil The Ladies' BenevolentSociety of St Kilda desire to acknowledge with thanks the fol- lowing contributions -Mrs Al'Cutcheon, £1 Is., Rev W H Quirk, £1, Mrs. Ihistlo thwaite, £1 Is , Mrs Levison £1 Is , thanks giving offering, £2 , Mrs. Whitehead, £1, Mrs Gurner, £2 2s Air Alex S Mayne, lion treasurer of the Phil Day fund desires to acknowledge the following further rtceipts -Oriental Hotel list (additional)-"I nend,"£5, "JCC " £1 Is , J C. Rhodes, £1 At a meeting of sub scribera, held yeaterday, it was unanimously agreed that the subscription list should posi- tively close on Monda., the 19th inst Mr Alfred Woolley desires to acknowledge, through 'Jhe.ArQitK, the following sums re- ceived by lum in unswer to his " Merrie Christmas Appeul " lor the Immigrants Aid Society's Home for Houseless and Destitute Persons -Air M Sparc., 10s , Miss Mollison, £3 3s , Air G T Johnson, £1 Is. Air G D Langridge, £1 Is., Air Alfred Woolley, £1 Is., Mrs Woolley, 10s , Air John Hood, £11b Air Af Ii. Needham, of Bourke street east, has placed before us a \ pry choice selection of Christmas und Now Year cards by the best manufacturers Some high class, finely finished cards in bona by Prang, Stevens, and Uildesheimer ure especially notice able We have received a cheque for £31 from Mr Lawrence Benjamin, accompanied by the following letter -" As I am leaving Mel- bourne on a holiday trip, will you please accept the enclosed cheque, and kindly dis- tribute as under to do Bometliiug towards re lieving the wants and lightening the cares of the aged and destitute at this festive Benson of the year -Curistmns treat to inmates of Benevolent Asylum, £., Christmas treat to Immigrants' Home, £3 , Christmas picnic for the inmates ot Kew und Yurra Bend Asy- lums, £3, Christmas guts for poor, Prahran and South Yarra Ladies' Benevolent Socictj, £2 , Christmas gilts lor Melbourne Ladles' Benevolent Society, £2 Christmas treat children Alelbourne Orphun Asylum, £2, Christmas treat St Vincent de Pauls Orphanage, £2 , Christmns gift Little Sisters of the Poor, £2, Christmis gilt Home of Hope tor Destitute Children, li, Christmas gilt Sick Childrens U( spit ii, £2 , Christmas gift inmates Deaf and Dumb As) lum, £2, Christmas gift Blind Asylum, £2 , Christmas gift Newsbo>s lr> J xcelsior Classes, £1, Christmas gift Dr Campbell s Smoking Fund, k1 ' 'Hie board of management oi the Homceo pathic Hospital desire to acknowledge, with sincere thanks, receipt of £50 to the building fund and £1 Is to the maintenance fund of the institution lrom Mr J 1 Bora, ot South Yarra. Mr George Muller, the Bristol philan- thropist, who is passing through Melbourne, en roule tor Tasmania will preach to morrow evening m the Albert street Buptist Church This will be Mr Muller's only service on this occasion in the city Ihe Rev Isidore Myers is announced to re deliver his lecture on " American Hu- mourists," which waa so well received when given before the University Union recently, in the Athemeum hull, next Wednesday evening Atjthe meeting of the committee of manage- ment of the Alfred Hospital yesterday ufter noon a donation of £20 was reported irom Mr Andrew Websti r, and Mr Webster waa elected a life contributor 'lhere are 10 typhoid patients under treatment in the hospital. A sale of work, cakes and aprons, in aid of the funds of the Elizabeth Fry retreat, Argo street, South \arru, will be opened by Lad} Clarke on W edueu lay at 3 p ra. A cake fair was opened m the Cairns Memorial Church, Fust Melbourne, jester day, and attracted a l-irce attend ince 'Hie fair will be continued this ila-, afternoon and evening Mrs, T. T A Beckett bega to remind her friends that her sala ot work in md of one or more of the funds of the Governeaais' Insti- tute is arranged to take place this afternoon at Brighton lodge, from 3 to b o clock Alisa Jessie Allen I owler, phrenologist, an- nounces m our advertising columns that she will give her first lecture in the Athemeum on Monday mehi the committee ot the Prahran, South Yarra, and toorak Ladies' BenevolentSociety report having relieved 8b cases weekly during the fortnight ending December 8. Ihe coseB numbered 11. adults and 11G children Ihe adults comprised 51 widows, 11 deserted wives, 17 married couples, 17 single und aged individuals the expenditure tor the fort- night was £2S 14s Gd Assistance in money or clothing is gladly received by the lion, treasurer, 13-1 Punt-road, South Yarra, or by the lion secretar), I1 llerton, looruk, '1 he committee of the Womens Hospital, at its meeting )esterdaj, receivd with regret the resignation of Mrs Itu-,ue us a member of that body Mrs DobHon, unother mern her, applied for and was -.ranted two months leave ot absence 'Hie clerk of works re ported that the extension of the building was fast approaching completion lho com mutee authorised the payment of the 17th instalment, amounting to £800, to Messrs Jackson and Downie, the contractors The collector acknowledged having received on behalf of the institution since the previous meeting the sum of £3b 4s 