MARK TWAINIS - VERSION OP "HAMLET." Tjth above talented author has put forth'- a', revised edition of : the .tragedy ; of Hamlet." -According to Twain's idea, ".llainlet. as it came from the pen of Shakespeare, was incomplete. Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's melancholy ancl eccentric ! tempera ment, must, of necessity, have had a younger brother in the family of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following ingenious arguments :— . . i w t : »v "We find in the History of England, and Paris adjacent pages, 4-, 11, 44, Vol. II, the following letter from the King of Denmark to Tom Say era/ an old friend of his : — j Dear Tom— Those hair-stuffed box ing gloves and foils came by the Mark Lane Express (Mark Lane who ran the Express Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) in good order — G.O.D. Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and melancholy disposition, takes very little stock in the gloves, hs a blow " on the nose only serves to increase his melancholy. Thus I have given ye gloves to Billy my second born who is as lively as a cricket on his pins, and'a jovial lad withal, who takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped his1 teacher' most soundly on ye bugle, for which I rewarded him by giving him a silver- mounted- wassaiT bowl filled to the uppermost brim with good brown ale. If you make your 'match ''with Crabble let me know, and send a . couple of tickets for seats pretty close . to the ropes. If you want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark ' and the Sub- treasury thrown in is Yours truly, Claudius, King of Denmark." From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens (Murk Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, 'with no little show of reason, that Shake speare : had no license — poetical or otherwise — to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. : 4f ' Twain Continues : — " Other letters from the King to : Sayers, now in my p issession, being kindly loaned me by ' the ' British Museum, go to show that Shake-- speare had a grudge .against Billy, the younger brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that he never forgave the young rascal. People who have had candle-snuffers placed : in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except where he appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother,' # The events at Elsinore happened as I have written them. Shakespeare " transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass uncorrected. " f THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original text, which strongly reminds one of' Boucicault adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first ;act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio , William comes in and sets up refreshments for the guards out of a little black bottle ; biit refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. « # . The guards then leave William to himself, and after they had disappear ed he bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He then slips away, and in a side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and covering himself with mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements are complete he stalks in and frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out in the side scenes, where he goes to hide his . merriment at the success of his trick. » , When Horatio is telling Hamlet of 'the apparition William listens with his' mouth wide open, apparently' ransfixed with fear ; but after they are gone he turns to Hamlet with . "Hamlet, do you swallow all this?" Don't you know all these fellows are as crazy as bed-bugs? Do you sup pose the old man would walk around this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of . armour? besides, a ghost ain't cap able of packing armour arouiid. .Why, -the last few-years-;he wasn't vhaklly..'ablerto%wad'dle. about in that jOiie-hundred-and-ten .pound suit. Don't' you' know "wlieh ' he came in from that last dress .parade he said he'd be switched if he'd' ever put the old brass togs 'on! again. Pshaw, old boy have some sense." THE GHOST- WALKING SCENE. In tiie fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape and rehearses thelghost-walking scene -until he is entirely' satisfied 'with/ himself, -while he indulges'in the following soliloquy : "Perhaps this won't catch him, oh, no! .He'll think it the true business, and no -'Mistake. If I can get him about Half crazy I can collar the girl. Blamed if I'd have far to go." ... In . this scene Twain 'has followed the original text pretty closely. . The following'extract will give a general idea of his treatment of it : — ' Hamlet. My fate .cries out,;, And' makes each' petty artery on this body As hardy as! the Nemeati lion's- nerve.' ( Ghost beckons. ) Still I am called. Unhand me gentle men ! ( Breaking from them). By .heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me. p . I say, aivay ! Go on! I'll follow thee." William. Oh, he s coming,' I've' got 1 him cranked already, ' # The harrowing tale which .William, as . the ghost, unfolds, runs in this "' practical fashion:— " I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an ' everlasting swing around the circle. I could a tale unfold tliat'would lift your hat to the ceiling. If ever there was a slick old fraud your uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever never got away with me. The man who is now in my political shoes dumped. - the ounce of prussic acid in my ear and that did the business. I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid as unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials for the trade. . ...The. Ghost then proceeds at con siderable length to tell Hamlet what to do and How to get even 'witli 'his Uncle, interspersing..his, story with some side-splitting " Asides," which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire. play the pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the double r61e of Ghost and adviser to Hamlet in the flesh. When not : masquerading with liis material seances he-' is j; going about with his brother trying to dissuade him from " doing anything'rash, 'and telling him what an infernal fool he is for taking auy stock in the supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when; his hilarity threatens to escape "from his control. ' f His prime idea is to get even on his Uncle and step-father, .' for.' whom he has the most profound contempt ; but " when events thicken as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his work, and' on one occasion - con fesses 'the -fraud -and tries tobget Hamlet to look at the armor and mosquito- netting-;, but Hamlet only looks upon it.as a: dodge-. to. dissuade him from his purpose, and will listen 'to nothing. # ; "" # In' the latter part of the play he > sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. . In the closing scene he gazes upon the'' work of death, and coolly orders " a bolt of . black-crape", while he announces that , his morning will be wholesale. 1 Some of the passages are intensely funny, and in others the humor is forced,' with a tendency to slang ; but as a' whole the innovation is very laughable, ! and the version will no doubt attract considerable curiosity amongst play- goers, and draw crowd- 'ed audiences should it ever be .played. So writes an American | critic. W.H.VV. 