lUUfBEi 222. (' cornhill. magazine,') It was ouricns, because the prisoner was sc mild in his manners, bo patient of correciioL, aad so exceedingly polite to everybody. Yec she warders, one aad all, were agreed t: e z they did not like him. It was very euriouf . He was a small grey man, with no comeliness abont him, and as lean as a volume of minor poetry. When on parade with the other prisoners, he hitched up his left shoulder in a manner that gave offence to the Deputy Governor ; and in his prison clothes, which fitted him indifferently, he looked as awkward aB a man who has just keen sentenced to be banged. To be Bare he had an eye of very piercing quality, and a habit of fixing it with disquieting effect upon persons who addressed him brusquely cr w fa unnecessary htrahness, and this power ot the eye appears to have been the chief cause of the offence which the suave and geutle convict bad given to the warders cf Ihe gaol. For e sample, a junior warder whom the prisoner had summoned to his cell one night, on some trivial occasion, told hi a brother officers in the mesarocm afterwards that there waB „ something in the look cf Number 222 ' which he 4 couldn't make out and couldn't stand;' whereupon divers other warders, confessed to having felt a similar InflueDOe in the presence of Number 222\. Strange, too, that his fellow prisoners as well as the warders made similar admission to one another touching the effect which had been exercised on them by the eye or the presence of Number 222. One said that he felt cold, another that he felt queer,' whenever Number 222 was near him; a third that he had an itching sensation is bis leg, and a fourth that he had the ehivers down his back- More remarkable stiii were tha experiences recounted by the convict who bad sat on the left baud of Number 222 at meal times. This man told his friends (ir. terms which would be intelligible only to readers who had served their time ') that he had been moved by an unaccountable impulse to share his bread at dinner with the neighbour on his right, though he wanted the bread himself, and didn't like the look cf ' his neighbour's eye. For a whole week he resisted the impulse, and then succumbed, passed half . his bread over to Number 222, who took it, and thanked him, and ate it. By -and-bye a like story was told by the prisoner whose pUos dating meals was at the right hand cf Nambsr 222, An impulse seized him at dinner to share his mutton with the man on his left, and he obeyed it, though he could not say why, for he never got as much mutton as he wanted, gind he hated the eye of Number 222. Number 222 was a man named John M'Gibbcn, who had passed into prison as the result of an ingenious bat unsaeoesfal attempt to pay old debts in a new way. Being of a genaine philosophic temperament, he bowed resignedly to the inevitable, and made himself as comfortable as he oould. Among his relaxations wave the occasional visits of the Ohaplain, a fat and pleasant man, who would listen with an air of surprise while the prisoner told him many strange tricks in cards, and the profits that might proceed from the skilful manipulation of a double paok. Not iofrequently the Chaplain dissented from Ibe prisoner's views on card-playing, and on those occa sions Number 222 would reply that when he alluded to the concealment of aces in the sleeve of an experienced player he did not suggest that his hearer should resort to such practices. His object weB merely to expound the possibilities of an ait of which he desired that the Chaplain should never become the victim, 1 Knowledge, even of this peouiiar kind, he said, 1 may b of servioe, sir, to the beetcf us in circumstances which can never be foretold,' Sometime the Chaplain was disposed to get up and go while one of these discourses w&b; in progress, bat as often as he attempted this a glance from the prisoner 8 eye drew him to bis eeat cgain, and he was powerless to move until he felt that the prisoner by his own will released him. Thus the Chaplain also was drawn within the iofluenoe of that mys terious eye. Extraordinary things began to happen in the prison, and it became evident that she internal order of that establishment was less strictly kept than before. This made for the cc-mfort of tba prisoners and for the discomfort of the officers. More than once the warder whore duty it was to ring the bell for rising in the morning was half an hour late at his post. The prisoners .slept agreeably during that half hour, but a very bad quarter of an hour was subsequently experienced by the neglectful warder. The Chaplain had a weii- meant but tedious habit of expanding bis Sunday sermon ; all at once he became very pleasantly brief ; yet it seemed that his brevity was quite invol untarily, for he would stop short and pro nounce the benediction in the very middle of an argument. Curious things happened to warders who bad made themselves unpopular among the prisoners. They went to sleep quite early in the afternoon while presiaing ovdr a gang in the workshop; they forgot/ how to count their men on parade ; they shouldered their rifles upside down ; they made pointless jokes in the pre seace of the Deputy-Governor, which be greatly disliked ; f hey carried prisoners for punishment Before the . Governor and did not remember what they had charged them with. Several of the warders laid their beads together In ihe messroom, and Said they be lieved Number 222 was the source of all this mischief » They agreed thereupon bat the life of this prisoner must be made a burden to him, that he might oe&se; to exercise his diabolical powers to the injury o! the warders. Now in this prison they had a favourite foolish. way of annoying |ho prisoners by ordering them down stairs to have their hair CQt. It waB a form of persecution wtreb no one resented more than Number 222. whose hair had been in happier days his chief personal vanity. His intense dislike to come under the shears cf the prison barber (who always made what he called 1 a Smooth job' of his victim's head) was known to an assistant warder, who laid his plans accordingly ; and having bis gang about him in the tailor's room on the after noon following the discussion in the mere- room he presently called out : 222, take yer stool and go down stairs end have ycr 'air cut.' The hf.cd cf Number 222 went instantly fro his head, and felt it ail over in a slow, careful manner. There was not one p?r viouiar hair upon it that excuodsd a quarter .of an inch in length. Everybody in the room knew his hatred of a barber, and as he had been cropped three times already in lees than, a month it was evident that the order was a mers piece of gratuitous tyranny on the warder's part. The warder was a poor creature, with weak eyeB and an irresolute mouth, and Number 222 in his unassuming way, took the measure of him at once. He rose, and in a respectful tone r quested the attention of the warder to the extraordinarily scanty condition of his poll, adding that it was with regret he felt compelled to deciles compliance with the order. The warder sat bolt upright on bis perek, and looked as if something had snapped it - side him. The other prisoners wers no less sgh&vs;, and fell to wondering whether Number 222 would get a month's bread and water, or a flogging. All this while Number 222 was gazing quietly but fixedly upon the weakfaeed warder. The officer repeated his order in a voice that began in a roar and ended in a low rattle With the eye of the prisoner riveted . upon it his countenance underwent a sudden aad startling change. The eyes grew fixed and vacant, and all the muscles stiffened ; then the pencil which he had taken up to write the prisoner's name for report upon his slate slipped through his fingers, and be grew rigid on his seat. I think, sir,' said Number 222 softly, that I need not have my hair cut lo-day.' ' You need not have your hair cut to day,' replied the warder, but he spoke like a man iu a dream. You are somewhat sleepy, sir. The afternoon is warm. You had better enjoy a little siesta,' pursued the prisoner, who all this while had not removed his eyes from the warder's face. I am somewhat sleepy. The afternoon is warm. I had better enjoy a little siesta,' echoed the warder ; and Btiii he spoke like one laid in dreams. . 4 That's right,' said Number 222. You shall go to sleep like an angel in a moment ; but first see whether you have any tobacco and a newspaper in your pocket.' The warder's hand went automatically to his pocket and drew from it a tobacco pouch and the day's journal. He laid them on the desk before him, then his head fell forward, and he slept like a man entranced. Number 222 walked to the officer's place and took up the tobacco pooch and the newspaper. The pouch had been newly filled ; an even distri bution of its oontents resulted in a quid apiece for the convicts, and each man received his morsel aad chewed it with a pale, astonished face. Number 222 then took up hie position beside the sleeping warder, and proceeded to read aloud such items of intelligence from the criminal tribunals as he judged most likely to interest his audience. There was a signal enormity about these transactions which, when their astonishment and alarm had in some measure subsided, the prisoners were not slow to appreciate. Few articles are in s higher degree contraband within the walls of a prison than newspapers and tobacco, and to chew the one while listening to she police reports in the other constituted a height and exesss of illicit felicity such as seemed cheaply bought at the price cf prospective whippings. At the end of an hoar Oi: so Nambsr 222 folded the newspaper, and, having laid it on the warder's desk beside the tobacco pouch, returned to his seat. The convict resumed their- work, and silence restored. A few moments later the warder awoke with the same suddenness with which he had fallen asleep, but the aspect of his face and the air with which, he glanced over the room showed at once that he was utterly oblivious of everything that had happened since the moment when he first addraesed himself to Number 222. Seeing his newspaper and tobacco pouch on the desk before him, and thinking it improbable that he had placed them there himself, he concluded that he bad gone to eleep for a few minutes, and that his pocket bad him picked. But -he held, his tongue, for such things had happened before, and he was much too intelligent to h<y a charge 2 f ains t bis gang which he could only substantiate by inoulpariag himself. If Number 222 bad previously been a man cf mark among his associates, he new basked in the sunshine o't a fame such as no prisoner had ever enjoyed before. But they grew desperately afraid of him, concluding, as many of the warders had already done, that be had. dealings with the father of night. Meanwhile, Number 222 conducted himself, as had always done, with gentleness, polite ness, and good humour, and continued, as before, to earn the highest poeeible number of good conduct marks per week. The assistant warder whom he had subdued in the manner described made no report upon that affair, beoaose the remembrance ot it: had (by some occult agency known only to his subducr) been utterly effaced in him. And, odd to relate, this e&tne; assistant warder became from that time kindly, and almost affectionately disposed toward Number 222, and used bie influence with a higher officer to have him promoted in the gaol. I His promotion brought him under the .immediate authority of a ' principal' warder, with whom until now he had had very little to do. Tbis w&s; a small, sturdy man, with teeth like tusks, and an acrob&rio; agihfcy of frame, who would provoke a prisoner into knocking him down for the# subsequent satisfaction of procuring him a fl 3ggmg. This warder no sooner had -Number 222 under his control than he hated him ; he no sooner hated him than he resolved to incom mode him ; he no sooner resolved to incom mode him than he proceeded to put the resolve into effect. He perceived that Number 222 was a man of mild behaviour, and one who might be expected to accom modate himself to a course of corrective treatment. He eet him dirty little tasks of a superfluous character, and aroused him of breaches of the raleswhsch he could not posBibly have committed. When on duty a is night in the corridor in which Number J522 had his cell he would hiss softly at him throngh the slit in the door which sstved a 3 spyhole, and would wake him at midnight to say that he had his eye upon him. . . , 1 1 thank you, sir,' was ibe only rejomaer he oould ever obl&io; from tue occupsnc. One night he unlocked the door with a snap, let himself into the cell, and said : I've caught you. my pippin, have I V At what, sir?' inquired Number 222. 1 You're a-c&ewing; terbacker, 222,' replied the warder. I am a stranger to the usa of tobacco in every form, sir,' said the prisoner. Get out cf bed. I'm a-going to search you,' returned the warder. The mild-mannered prisoner obeyed, and the spiteful warder made a pretense of search ing him. In stooping to feel the lower part of bis body the warder's cap rolled off. Number 222 quietly bent over the man's h-.ad, cod cenferated his gaza there, and breath-ad bars apon it, A cold shiver ran down the warder's back, and the prisoner understood fcbas sh;s man, like the rest, was sensitive to bis influence. What are you a-doiog ?' said £se waraes\ rising up quickly. The two men confronted one another, and the eye of the prisoner seemed as though it would pierce the brain of the warder. The warder's glance began to waver and shift, and his whole mien and bearing were changed. What is that you have at your side? said Number 222, pointing to the staff which the warder carried in his belt. His tone was no longer servile, but commanding. The warder, however, had not quite lost himself, and he answered loudly, but not so loudly as usual : None of your lip now, 222. I'll run you in for tbis, I will.' Running a prisoner in is the euphemism for conveying him to the punishment cells. What have you at your side ?' repealed Number 222, with a calm and steadfast voice. . The warder, is obedience to an impulse which he could not control, laid bis hand upon the weapon a»d answered : My staff. You know that well enough.' You are wrong,' said Number 222 quietly. It is a whiskey bottle.' The warder plucked his staff from its oase and looked at it, and a epell seemed working on Mm. You g9«,' observed the prisoner, smiling, it is a whiskey bottle.' It isn't ; it's a staff — my own staff,' the warder answered slowly and sullenly ; but even as he spoke a dubiousjlook crept upon his features. Examine it oarefully,' said Number 222. What is it now ?' It's a staff, a whis— , a staff. Yes, it is a staff,' persisted the warder. Then a half light of recognition stole into his face, and he added cautiously : But it's very like a whiskey bottle.' It is a whiskey bottle,' the prisoner said again. Smell it.' The warder raised his staff to his face and nosed it critically. It's a whiskey bottle ! A whiskey bottle ! A whiskey bottle !' he cried delightedly, and made as though he would uncork it. Pat it back,' said the prisoner im periously, and straightway, bat with an appearance of disgust and disappointment, the warder returned his stsff to his belt. By - a single snap of his fingers dumber 222 dissipated the effect, and the warcer knew nothing but that he had just com pleted a fruitless aearch ou him for tobacco. Mind how you conduct yourself, 222, else I'll run you in, I will,' he said, as he quitted the cell. Thank you, sir, I will be careful,' answered the prisoner respectfully, and returned lo his bed. While in his state of normal consciousness the warder, of course, remained wholly ignorant of the humiliating episode of the wbiskey bottle, and as he lost nothing of his antipathy to Number 222 he continued to persecute Mm in various ways. It resulted that the prisoner one day took counsel with himself, and decided to bring the matter to an issue. He had grown weary of the warder, and deemed it well to make an sad of him. Bat it was never his habit to seek for opportunities, so he sat down quietly to wait until one should come. The warder appeared one evening in the cell cf Number 222, and charged him with some stupid offence, which it would have been beneath the dignity of any intelligent pri soner to be guilty of. By this time Number 222 had acquired such complete control over the volition of this warder that be could make a alave of him by a no?, He suffered him to set forth hi?5, charge, and then, rising from his stool, he placed him self before the officer, and with a single glance he struck him into a state of cata leptic rigidity. When in the cataleptic state the victim always remembered what had occurred in former abnormal situations, and he seldom failed to revert to the inci dent of the staff transformed into a whiskey bottle. Let us nave a little wbiskey, sir- -do,' he pleaded in a wheedling tone, for in this condition he was a creature distinct from hie walking self. SSilence !' said the prisoner, who was now again the master. I'm waiting for your orders, sir,' replied the warder submissively. You shall have tbem soon enough,' said Number 222, Listen to ms. In your present condition you are in my power ; wheal release you I am io yours, Your power you use like a tyrant, ard I am si at it and of you. You are a pq-tf an i deppie&bta; creature whom the accident fortune has placed in a position of almost Uoiimited authority over some hundreds or unhappy criminals. I admit that many in this place are very bad men, and me; it no better fato than the desperate one fcuey sum here. Bat you ate a very bad roan also, anc the least suited therefore to have power oyer your natural kin. Over good men a baa ruler is a sufficient evil : over bad u»eu his rule is an intolerable curse. You have too long abused your power here ; you shall abuse it no longer. I put an end to your rule to-night ' , At these portentous words the warder turned whiter than tbe whitewashed walls of the cell. His muscles quivered ; he shook in every limb. What are you going to do with me. sir . he quavered. I am going to ettle your hash, replied Number 222, gravely, adopting the mode of speech best calculated to strike home to ihe ieelings aud intelligence of the warder. My 'ash, sir. Going to settle my 'ash. Are you going to kill me ?' Oh, no,' replied Number 222. 1 am not going to hurt you in the leasfc. I have thought of another and more effective mode of dealing with you. I am simply goiug to request you to stand on your head for a few moments — here, in the middle of the cell. I hear the Governor coming ; be good enough to comply with my request at once.' The Governor, in fact, was making a round of the garrison that evening, and at that very moment his step could be heard coming in the direction of the cell where this unusual colloquy was proceeding. Stand on your head,' said Number 222 The Governor will be here in a moment.' A den e sweat broke upon the warder's forehead, and glittered there in beads. ' Stand on your head I' repeated the prisoner, coidly and calmly. I won't !' said the warder, doggedly ; but his tremulous features and the rocking of hl9 body showed him incapable of resistance to the terrible will of Number 222. The Governor's step came nearer, The warder had not closed the door of tbe ceil, and it gaped some six inches. ' Obey me now, I say !' exclaimed the prisoner, and his eyes shot fire into the wild j and fearful orbs of his victim. One convulsive effort to be master of him self the wretched warder made, but the prisoner held him with his eye, and made two rapid passes across the upper portion of the warder's face. The body of the warder swung forward, he turned a half somersault, and pl&oed; himself heels uppermost in tbe centre of the cell, The Governor, with tbe chief warder at his elbow, paused at the unlocked door, pushed it open, and looked in. Spectacles of this sort were not common in the prison, and for a moment tbe Governor appeared to doubt what he saw before him. He advanced a step ir-fco the ceil, and there halted, speechless and confounded. The chief warder looked over th6 Governor's shoulder, and he also seemed very much surprised. Number 222 had risen on the entry of the Governor, and stood to attention, with bis hands at his sides. His oountenanoe ex hibited an air of mild concern merging in pity. In the middle of the oell the warder slept serenely on his head. In Heaven's name, what's this?' the Governor exclaimed at length, and he made a lounge with bis cane at the inverted figure of the warder. Mr. Smith on his head, sir. Would stand that way when be heard you oomlag, sir,' responded Number 222. ( Get up ! Atcen — tion ! Stand on your right end ! Is tbis a skittle alley ?' roared the Governor ; but the warder's ear was accessible only to the voice of the prisoner. What — you won't !' and the Governor struck him fiercely two or three times with Mb cane, but tbe warder was insensible to every shock Number 222, who alone had control of the warder's abnormal consciousness now silently exerted bis will, and the warder at once resumed an upright posture, and his senses awoke. O: the situation of the previous moment he knew nothing, and seeing the Governor, he concluded that he had jusG entered the cell, and saluted him in the usual manner. Follow me, sir,' said the Governor, w!th suppressed fury, and the warder went out after him, perceiving that something was smis3, but quise without a due to the situation. The next day it was whispered in every ward of the prison that Number 222 had worked another miracle, and that Warder Smith had lost his office. Yet wonders did not cease, and there was no ease for the warders. A subtle, impon derable force, to which no material barriers could be opposed, issued from the cell of Number 222, and passed silently, swiftly, invisibly, into the ceil of other prisoners, creating the strangest effects upon the occu pants. Some were troubled with distressing dreami ; some epoke of enahee, caterpillars, and lobsters iu their beds, and not a few eaw the disembodied spirits of persons to whom they had owed money. A great number became suddenly deaf, dumb, or incapable of movement when at work in the daytime, end remained so until the magioal influence which seemed to surround and overpower them was removed. One man was fined 200 marks for saying that ohooolate and emd quail would be a wholesome substin tuts for bread and cheese on Sunday and another waB put on bread and water for a week for complaining to the Governor that be saw blue flames playing about the head of the apotuecary. Formerly none but the officers of the gaol had been sub« jected to these extravagant experiences, buc now the prisoners aud their officers were victimised together, and about one-half of the population seemed to have run clean mad. The persons who were afllioted in these pecu iar ways were such as had rendered themselves burdensome to the mitd-mannered 222— warders whose treat meut of him was more zealous than tender prisoners whom he could not endure because of their extreme ugliness; cooks of the prison who baked, boiled, or roasted the rations In a slovenly manner, and all those whose crimes (which he had secretly learnet 1 teemed to call for weightier puuiBhmen than that preeoribed by law. Numbtr 222' in a word, was rapidly acquiring complete ascendency over the volitions, sensations perceptions, memory, and imagination of all in the prison on whom he chose to oast the resistless spell of his glance. It should here be stated that the doctor of the prison was absent on sick leave, an orderly of the medical department having administered poison to him in a moment of annoyance. The doctor's place had been taken by a young and futile man from a London hospital, who distributed pills on a principle of his own, and gave cough mix, Jure to a prisoner who complained of the gout. He saw nothing io the madness of Number 222's innumerable viciims which could not be cured with the assistance of she warder who was usually appointed to flog. But the warders, one and all, began to b8 horribly frightened. It had been their endeavour hitherto to hoodwink the Governor touching the supposed origin of these strange and woeful visitations, but in this they had not been entirely successful, for the reason that some of the cases which had to be brought before him were so unparalleled in the record of prison delinquencies that bis worship began to be suspicious, and some searching and awkward questions were the result. Now, however, the officers decided that the time had come when the Governor should be put iu possession of such facts as they knew, and the ohief warder and tha second waider were deputed a deputa tion to wait upon him. They had an interview with the Governor, and put him in possession of tke facta. But there was really only one fact, and it amounted to this, that extraordinary things had happened, aud were happening, in the prison. The reet was conjecture, and the conjeotnre of the chief warder and his subordinates reduced itself to this, thai, iu some way or other which they oould not explain, prisoner Number 222 was account able for every thiug that had arisen to disturb the peaoe of the gaol. The Governor said this was odd, for the warders had been compelled to admit that so far as bis own conduct was concerned Number 222 was an exemplary prisoner. Bat the Governor perceived from the statements told to him that the credit, if not the salvation, of the gaol was at stake ; so he swore once or twice to dear his mind, and haviDg finished swearing, he ordered the prisoner to be brought to him. In the same breath he countermanded the order, swore again to show that he knew what he was about, and said be would see the prisoner in his oell. He was conducted thither at once, and went in alone. Number 222, in accordance with his regular habit, was spending tbe balf hou. before b'dtime in a little qaiet meditation, and had just been speculating as to tbe simplest and least troublesome method by which he might effect his escape, for the monotony of an unprofitable confinement began to be irksome to him. He read the purport of the Governor's visit in bis face, and readily divined the causes to which it was owing ; the warders had sent the Governor to interrogate and intimidate him. What then ? Pooh 1' said the prisoner to himself. Pooh !' You are acensed of creating disturbances in the prison,' said the Governor, and went on to lay his oharge. While be spoke the prisoner's eye was engaged in a quiet hot rigorous scrutiny of the Governor's features, and such points In his character as discovered themselves there wore quickly noted. ' Pooh !' the prisoner said to himself onoa more, for he had satisfied himself that the Governor also was susceptible. The Governor finished bis harangue, and swore cnoe or twiee to show that he meant what he said. He was a man who did not swear except apon cocasion. I ra going to take you in hand, my man,' said the Governor at the conclusion of his oharge. ' And I yoa, my man !' responded the prisoner iu dulcet but penetrating tones, The Governor's first thongbt was that h 6 hd a madman to deal with, and his baud went behind him in an instinctive search for the door. Remain where you are,' said the prisoner, obBerviog the Governor's movement. 1 1 will show you the door by- and-bye !' The Governor, who was a buiky man, and full of blood, crimsoned from one ear to the other, and his throat aud the bald space ou his head grew red as we'd. There was B rattling in his throat, and then he said : 1 Do you know that I can have you flogged to the bone for this, prisoner ?' Yes, yes; but we will not talk of that# You aud I are going to be excellent friends,' said Number 222. Do you kaow who I am ?' The Governor's eyeballs were red now, and he was but just able to articulate, Perfectly, But do you know who yoa are? Come now, tell me your name,' The Governor made an effort to shout for assistance, but his tongue clave to his palate, and he oould not get speech. Tell me your name V said the prisoner, soothingly, and as he spoke he waved both hands gently before the Governor's face, I am Major George Alexander Fordyce# I will havcyou flogged to death,' responded the Governor. Why will you talk of flogging?' said Number 222, with a smile. Let us leave all that. We must be pleasant. I like your name, but suppose I give you another. Tut, tut 1 you must not glare at me like that. I will make you call yourself by whatever name I choose. ' He made another pass over the Governor's face, and the fury vanished from it, but a dull and sullen look came In its place. Sit down here upon this bucket while I think of another name for you. So' — for the Governor's muscles had tugged him down, though he resisted with tbe whole force _ of his will. Now, let me think. I must give you a name which shall be quite absurd and meaningless. It will be such fun, you know ; and you shall accept it delightedly# See now, Iil call yon Tickletoby the Tenth. Isn't it fun 1 Now, onoe more, what is your name ? ; The Governor sat silent upon the bucket tat an axpnnion tha moat nllabM im. . kbla ovsnpraad his features tmagln. pric? " yo" mmr' »?««>>« tho Don't P pleaded the Chveram . » name bat tbat | Itl, n nly vey foolistn., ineMrablpdBoner'.r' ,0" A theworllbouhaU' P,ew ! « >.00 to Resist me further, and I Wni yon where you sit i Now, for tto list tim your name !' tne IMI "m«, ' Tickle— to— by the— the » mured the Governor, from whoae lipahe foolish words were wrung bv th« nh J>» JL5 poer of the prisoner. ® Bhew wlU Two passes more and the Governor smiled oLeriV PrnOan0ed the &« Good !' ezolaimed Number 222. « I told you we should beexoellem friends. One word more sod I have done with you. Yon "re my slave at present, but In five minute. .ball be your. We are very friendly mV and I insist that you remain my friend io D3yo ®I shall certainly remain vonr friend » sssr-te" - -Vsi have yitHng fhere when® ymfiud youreeli aga,'S- ,or ya >k very ridiou; happeifiog. . w wonile< hat; had been The Governor rose smiling, and themoment he stood on bis feet he was the eame man who had entered the cell twenty minutes e«'«60 v, ,aiD f5 222 w" ho a deferential attitude before him, and had, as the Governor imagined, just conoluded a statement which made it olear that he hud been maliciously accused. His feeling toward the prisoner was kindly, and when Number 222 aeked some slight favour of him, be granted it, and wished him a good-night. Number 222 went to bed and slept tranquilly. The next day hs decided finally that he would quit i the prison, for, despite the con quests he had made within its walls, he was very tired of it. In no long tim% he had evolved and shaped his plan. It was an adroit, and even a brilliant, plan. It fasoinated the author himself. Two whole flaye be dwelt upon it, pored over it. toyed with it and hugged it to himself; for the cunning of it flattered his vanity. He felt a scientific interest in it, apart from all question of Its probable or possible issue, for this plan involved the submission of bis powers to a great and decisive test, Briefly, it was this : He was to procure his release from prison without the lifting of a finder cr the utterance of a syllable in his own behalf. Did such achievement lie within the OJmpass of human ekill? At this time there was residing in well- appointed chambers in Cork Btreet, Picoadilly, a young man favourably known to the best society as the Hon. Alan Bade FitzGibbon. He was a well-bred and gracious young man, for whom family connections, transparent penmanship, and an annaual reverence for the Constitution had combined to proonre the post of Junior Assistant Secretary to the Secretary of State for the Home Department, One evening, some three or four days after Number 222 had resolved on obtaining hiB freedom, this young man dressed himself for a ball, and entered the eab which was to take him to the house of his entertainer in Kensington. It was late, arid the night was cloudy ; and as the oab passed through a dim and half-deserted equare in the neighbourhood of the park, there appeared suddenly to the startled vision of FitzGibbon, mirrored aod flaming in space right ahead of him, this brief surprising legend : Professor John M'Gibbon, Number 222 in H.M. Prison at , WroDgfully Convicted. The words hnng before him in space for some five or six seooods, and melted into tbe darknees. In five or six seconds more they reappeared, burned in fh< air level with his gaze for abont the same brief period and again vanished. But by this time they bad impressed themselves opon his brain. All that night, at intervals, the freakish words continued to assail him. They pricked his brain, made onset at his ear, aod multiplied themselves in a tbnaeand shapeB and colours before his eyes. He had no joy at all that night of woman, or of wine oup, or of valse. He quitted tbe ball, and called a oab to drive him home. There was the legend stii), painted in quivering yellow letters opon the curtain of the night. Alan went to bed like one in a nightmare, for the thing bad no sensible import for him ; he oould not pick the ghost of a meaning out of those dubious words. When he awoke they were still before him ; Professor John M'Gibbon, Number 222 in H.M. Prison at , Wrongfully Gonvioted. And now appeared for the first time four new words, in the form of a postscript : He must be Released. ' The devil he must !' said Alan, and fell to thinking. Who is Professor John M'Gibbon, and why did they convict him wrongfully, and what in the name of Messier bss it to do with me ?' b/Meemerl' No sooner had he said this word than his mind began to be faintly illnmined. He tbought again, and, having thought a while, hs remembered somewhat. John M'Gibbon, erstwhile Processor, was the name of the farnouB mesmerist who, during a little snmmer of renown, had startled the town by his performances. He had onoe, at an evening party in Belgravia, mesmerised Alan himself with unequivocal success. He recalled the Professor's words on that occasion : ' I believe tbat I could do anything I pleased with yoo,' the Professor bad eaid, and certainly be had done strange things with him that evening. He had, on the same occasion, mesmerised tbe Home Secretary, and made him declare tbat his watch was a baked potato, much to the annoyance of the Prime Minister, who was of the company. Still cogitating, Alan next bethought him how the meteoric career of tbe Pro fessor had been miserably cat short and t lighted by a certain sensational trial at the 0;ti Baiiey, in which the Professor ni'® I had occupied a position in the dock. The I om:Cliun9dua verdict of guilty without 6 box, and the judge passed a heavy sentence, ae the publiS had eaid that mesmerism eheuld be put down. Fits- Gibbon was an assiduous youth when his !Taa, ar0U8ed, and be now set to Gill H? and- read the sports of the rial, together with the comments of the newspapers upon it. W hen be had finished his study of the case he could not but gree with the writer of a leading article in a morning journal, who expressed bis opinion that the verdict against M'Gibbon nad been obtained less upon the evidence offered to the Court than upon the speech ot the prosecuting counsel, who had made himself painfully jocular at the expense of the ocoult arts and their exponents, What was to be done now 2 WaitiDg upon the Home Secretary the same morning in the ordinary course of bis duties, he found that trusty aud well- oeloved servant of the Qaeen in a dis traught and nervous condition, The Home Secretary complained that he had been plagued during two nights by dreams about a Persou called John M'Gibbon, who said that he had been wrongfully imprisoned, and must be released at cuce T- e private secretary turned pale, end replied, « This is very remarkable, sir, for I also have been troubled with virion about the same men.' Then' said the Home Secretary, in evi dent uneasiness, this must ba tha person oal.ing himself a Professor, who played such impertinent tricks with me at Lady 8 ,0lie making me, as I was after- wards told, declare to a very distinguished company that my watch was a baked potato.' ' It must be he, sir,' replied FitzGibbon, and he did very extraordinary things with me the same evening.' 1 What is he in prison for ?' inquired the Home Secretary, Alan told the story to his chief as he had read it that morning, and emphasised the weak points he had discovered in the case for the prosecution. ' I have it on my mind,' said the Home Secretary, that unless this person is re leased from prison he will do something singularly unpleasant.' There is no doubt that he is a man of I preternatural abilities,' replied Alan. 'He is capable almost of bringing about a change of Government,' said the Home Secretary, nervously drawing a ghost on his blotting-pad. He might, indeed, effect our removal, sir,' said the young man. ' He might bring on a revolution of some sort,' said the Home Secretary. I believe he could do anything he pleased,' said Fi'zGibbon. The Home Secretary, without further words, took a sheet of paper and began to write a letter in a tremulous, hasty way. What are you doing, sir 2' FitzGibbon ventured to inquire. I cannot help it, Fi'zGibbon,' answered his chief, very nervously, and writing as hard as he could. 1 Something controls and impels me. I am not master of myse-f. This man must be a vehement and unmitigable villain, I know be must, and yet I am moved to write that, having fully inquired into the circumstances of his trial and con- viction, it has been borne in npon my mind tbat he is the victim of a desperate and dastardly conspiracy. There — don't inter rupt. me ; I feel sure they were all in league against him. The judge was his enemy, the jury was packed, the counsel a mere scoundrel. Oh, to thiok that justice should be so perverted in a country like ours ! But he shall be Released,' though I lose office for it.' And the Home Secretary (a phiegmatia and sceptical man at most times), who now wore the air of a person suddenly and com- pletely poseeseed, finished his letter with an effort, and addressed tbe envelope to ' The Governor of H.M. Prison at ' 'Alan,' he seii, then, with forced jocu larity, ' I am going to give you an afternoon in the country. These foolish events have up?et you ; you want a breath of fresh air, my boy. Take this letter, and travel down by the afternoon express, and give it into tbe Governor's own hands.' His manner changed, and be added sadly : ' This is a most deplorable business, but I feel that I shall not rest till it is settled. L?t me see you the moment you return.' That afternoon, as be sat in the prison workshop diligently stitching waistcoats, a strange calm stole over the spirit of prisoner Number 222, and in the same moment he knew that his will had triumphed, and that his hoar of release was at hand. Late tbat night Alan arrived at the prison and demanded to see the Governor on business of the Home Secretary. He was shown .at onoe into tbe Governor's presence, and gave him tbe letter that be bore. The Governor read it and looked sur- priRed, but said that he was not sorry. The next day Number 222 was a free man. A Freak of the Dnke of Edinburgh. Tbe Duke of Edinburgh (says a London cable to tbe ' San Francisco Chronicle") has b3en guilty of a piece of senseless extrava gance for which he ought to be sharply repri manded by the Admiralty. An immense boom was recently constructed in the Malta dock yard by tbe duke's orders at a very consider able expense, and it was shipped on board tbe Temeraire for conveyance to Atgostoli, aB the duke had conceived the idea tbat it would be a fine thing to place this boom at the entrance of the harbour there, and then to test tbe powers of the Polyphemus by making her burse it. Just as this crazy ex periment was on tbe point of being tried, it was pointed out to the duke by some officers, who were more practical than himself, that if by any chance tbe Polyphemus did not cut tbe boo in clean in two, a fearful catastrophe would be the result Tbe dnke reluctantly abandoned the idea. The boom was one of tbe largest and most elaborate that has ever been seen, and it baa now been returned to Malta, where pre sumably it will be sold for a trifle, being per fectly useless. " Rough on Piles."— Why Buffer piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed Ask for " Bough on Piles." Sure care for itching, protruding, bleed ing or any form of Plies — fAuw Skishy «bn— "Wells' Health Renewer" restores beattb and vigour, cores Dyspepsia, Impotence, Rexn&l; DebUJty- M chemb te and druggists — fAwvr 1 its good effects are pmmmeat. in this it differs Irom all hair dyee. By ise iis-j loxuri&ct; growth la Iroiranteed- natural colour gloes'aro restored Qna i'rl&i; wft CRtia yen toes? fchfrof Mrs. S. A. A'len'e World'sHalr Restorer Sold everywhere — (Am.) 