CONG L0MEB4TI0NS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with the following conditions:—1. The poems may be on any Eubject and in any measure. 2. The selected words to be used in any order, i.e., not necessarily in tbe same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 3. At least as many selected words are to be used as one-half of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. Tfap selected words were Xact, Xalt, Sample, Xcess, Xpose, ani. Xtreme. We publish the following this week :— Men in these days shonld be Xact; Xamplf set, mark well each fact, Be careful to avoid Xtreme. Tbe men who England's Queen Xalt, Are few, indeed, without a fault, For things are seldom what they seem. When men their want of sense disclose, Their foolish acts we should Xpose, Yet wisely so ; avoid Xcess. Like soldiers brave prepared for fight, Do all we can for trnth and right, And try to make our evils less. B. S. S. FTe an Xamjjfc set Whom at the Club I met. Xact and right Determined to Xpose Xcess In gormandising drink and dres", With all bis might. Resolving to Jolt Those who were free from fau'.t He spared no pains; But ah ! his sarcasm was Xtreme When aimed at focls and fops whoseenl Devoid of brains. PHILOMATH. Was I indeed awake, or was it but a dream? Meihoueht an apparition, pale in the Xtreme, Arrayed in flowing robes as vestal virgins dress In Norma, and with eyes all glaring to Xcess, Approached me where I lay. (I simply state the fact. And wish in all particulars to be Xact), Ihe horrid ghost breathed smoke and vapour froaj its nose, A nd threatened all my faults and follies to Xpose Ihtn nearer still i: came; then made a sudden halt— I shuddered, gasped for breath, then cried, " Wilt tlion Xalt That bony hand to strike me dead 1 Oh, spire mj life As an Xample." "Dinner's ready," cried my wife. MORPHIA. A very promising young journalist remarks that " When an enthusiastic editor describes tbe bride as bonny, and an envious compositor sets her up as bony, as was done the other day, hope for a season bids the world farewell, and freedom shrieks as the compositor falls at his frame, brained by the brother of the blooming briae." An American editor thus advertises hw miseing hat:—"The gentleman who inadvertently took cur new beaver, and left sn inferior article in its stead, will do us icfinite kindness by returning ours, and he Bliall receive our warmest thanks and two apologies—an apolocy for the trouble we have given him, and the apology for a hat he has left us." A boy of 12, having been aaked to describe the method of imparting instruction in the Echools, replied:—" They ax you once, and then they hits yon." " What a beautiful child ! What an extremely handsome fellow 1" says the cashing visitor to the lady of the house. " Yes, he ie a handsome boy. I think." " Oh, indeed, be is. He is the perfect image of his father —the perfect image. Don't you think so r " Well, I don't know. I never saw Iii3father. We adopted tan," . 