THE LOCAL JUBILEE FESTIVITIES. (By our Special Reporter.) There were many gloomy forebodings as to the weather on Sunday last. I mean gloomy so far as the Jubilee festivities were concerned, inasmuch as the weather from a settler's point of view was all that could be desired. Splen- did rains fell during the latter half of last week, and on Sunday evening there seemed every prospect of their continuance. The last refresh ing shower fell, however, on Monday morning last, at 5 o'clock. The clouds then commenced to break, and Sol showed his welcome counten ance at his usual hour for rising at this period of the year. It is as well to plunge in medias res at once, and say that the local celebration of the Queen's Jubilee was a magnificent success. The committee had succeeded in getting to gether close on £150 in money or its equivalent, and were able, in consequence, to prepare a comprehensive programme, extending over three days. This was by far the completest and best programme arranged in any district of the colony, not excepting Perth. It must, more over, be borne in mind that the City had a cer tain amount of Government assistance, which this district had not, saving a few bottles of Champagne with which to wash down the dry speeches at the opening of the Greenough Rail way, and free trips by the train. Whatever was done in the way of celebrating the Queen's Jubilee in this district was done by the people, and their liberality was equal to their loyalty. Without wishing to be boastful we may express the opinion that our local celebration will com pare more than favorably with that of any other town or district containing an equal number of inhabitants either in Australia, or in any other part of the Queen's dominions. From begin ning to end the celebration has been most en thusiastically conducted. Extending over three days there would be some excuse if towards the end the festivities had shown signs of flagging. So far from this, being the case however, each day seemed to bring increased enthusiasm and energy with it. Although the Committee, especial ly the Mayor, who throughout worked withunex ampled energy — must have been weary beyond measure, at any rate after the second day, not one has spared time or trouble to make the whole affair an unqualified success. First Day, (Monday). At a very early hour in the morning the town was decked with all its available hunt ing, and looked exceedingly lively. At 9 o'clock the school children assembled outside the Masonic Ball, nearly all of tliem bearing a flag or banner. They looked happy, were well dressed, and were evidently full of joy ous anticipation of the treat in store for them. At half-past 9 they were joined by about 50 children from the Greenougb, and the proces sion then started for the Residency, headed by a really excellent band, especially organ ized for the occasion. The procession, as it passed up the street, presented a most bright and pleasing appearance, in consequence of the great variety of colour and diversity of shape of the flags and banners. Over 400 children passed through the Residency gate, and ranked themselves up in front .of the house, where they were received by the Go vernment Resident, accompanied by Mrs. Brown. A large number of well-dressed on lookers also entered the grounds, and the effect from the elevation on which the house stands was excellent. The children then sang the Jubilee version of the Rational Anthem, which we published last week, and few could help feeling touched as they heard the fresh young voices of the children paying their tribute of "love and loyalty" — to use our Go vernor's words — to their good and gracious Sovereign. The Anthem was sung smoothly and sweetly, and deserved the praise which Mr. Brown subsequently accorded to it. At its conclusion a boy belonging to the Govern ment school, named Edward Wansborough, read the following address, which had been handsomely engrossed by MAIL Farmer: — To Maitland Brown, Esq., Government Resident, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Dear Sir, — We, the children of the Victoria District, wish to tell you how glad and happy we all feel to know that good Queen Victoria has this day reigned 59 years. We have read and been told what a kind mother and a good queen she has always been, and we hope that Her Majesty has many years yet to live, and that she will continue to be loved by all her people. If we are spared to grow up to be men and women, we shall always remember this great day, not only because of the pleasures provided for us, but because of the love we have for Queen Victoria. As the Government Resident of this district, and Her Majesty's chief servant here, we re spectfully ask you to accept this address, telling you of our love and loyalty to the Queen, and congratulating you, her representative. We are, Dear Sir, Yours faithfully, Here follow the signatures. Mr. Brown in responding said he had not seen the address before receiving it, and therefore was unprepared with a set speech. He would take the necessary steps to acquaint Her Majesty, through the Governor, with the fact that the address had been presented. Mr. Brown then proceeded to make some highly appropriate remarks to the children, and terminated by expressing the hope that they would thoroughly enjoy themselves. He called on them in conclusion to give three cheers for Her Majesty, and it is needless to say they were given right lustily, the children also giving ringing cheers for the Govern ment Resident. It should be mentioned that during the delivery of the address young Wansborongh was supported by two girls from the Government school, who held aloft a banner bearing tbe inscription " God Save the Queen. Behind these were two boys holding another banner, on which was inscribed " And Hurrah for her Jubilee." . The proces sion was reformed with very littie delay, and a move made for the Recreation Ground, the best piece of ground of its kind in the colony. Here, under the control of the Mayor, Messrs. M. H. Lowe, Wells, and Carson, the pro gramme of sports was commenced, and carried out with complete success, the perfect enjoy ment of the children being a treat to witness. A number of swings had been fixed up, and these of course were in constant request, and when the sports were concluded there were games in abundance. An excellent repast had been prepared for the children, a number of ladies having exerted them selves in a most praiseworthy manner in cook ing for them. The extent of their labors can be understood when it is remembered that in addition to tbe children in the procession large numbers subsequently came in from Northampton, the Chapman, and Greenough, it being estimated that there were 800 on the ground, and all these had plenty to eat and drink. A number of the admits who Accom panied them seemed to be under the impres sion that it was the duty of the Jubilee Com mittee to provide them with luncheon too, but we are quite sure that on consideration they will recognise the unreasonableness , of this expectation. One private tent contain ing a luncheon was literally stormed by two or three energetic females, who added insult to injury by unfavorably criticizing the viands which they had made a raid upon. I should have mentioned before that Captain Shenton kindly len the volunteer tents, 20 in number. In theafternoon the Mayoress presented the medals, and it was found that the number procured, 500, was insufficient. However, the distribu tion was made in the fairest possible manner, the youngest children very properly being given medals first. After the children had had tea the ground was quickly cleared, and the children and townsfolk assembled to witness the grand display of fireworks generously pre sented by Mr. Kenny. The display took place on the jetty, under the management of Messrs. Lowe and Wells, who throughout the day work ed with most commendable energy. It was really a good one, the various pieces being of a superior character. The police kept the jetty clear of people, who watched the fireworks, from the shore. In addition to the fireworks there was a grand torch-light procession under the superintendence of Mr. Moore, there being no less than twenty-four torches. There was also excellent illuminations at the houses of Messrs. Aitken and Baston, the house of the former be ing illuminated in the Scotch fashion, the num erous lights in the windows and the torches in the grounds facing the house, which occupies a commanding position, having a flue effect. There was a large transparency on Mr. Baston's balcony, bearing tbe initials V. R., and sur rounded by numbers of Japanese' lanterns. Trains left for Northampton and Walkaway in the evening conveying children and their par ents to their homes, all being thoroughly de lighted with the day's entertainment. The train arrangements were really excellent, and reflect credit on the Traffic Manager and his assistants, especially when the limited extent of the rolling stock and accommodation generally is borne in mind. Formal Opening of the Greenough Railway. On the arrival of the train from Northampton with the contingent of visitors from that dis trict, the railway officials had plenty to do in despatching the special train to Walkaway. This train was to convey the Government Resi dent and his guests to Walkaway for the formal opening of the Geraldton-Greenough line. Mr. Spalding, Traffic Manager, had decorated his station very tastefully with a variety of flags, evergreens, and a beautifully mounted portrait of the Queen. The Locomotive Foreman, Mr. Clough, and his men, determined not to be be hindhand, also decorated tbe engine in an ex tremely novel and pleasing manner. On a board in front of the engine was a painting of "No. I" engine on the Northern Railway, now under going that overhaul which it years of hard ser vice on our corkscrew line have necessitated. Above the painting of the engine was the in- dispensible black swan, and on either side of this were depicted wool bales and ore bags, with tbe names of well-known squatters and mine owners painted thereon. Beneath all this pictorial glory was the coat-of-arms of the colony, and above was the golden sheaf, supported on either side by the Blue Ensign and the Union Jack. Unlike most heraldic emblazonments ttlie mean ing of what we have described was by no means obscure, so we leave its explanation to our en lightened readers. Behind the tinder was a tastefully arranged group of flags — English, Irish, Scotch and American, with the shield of the Royal Standard in the centre, and above was a large black swan, generally agreed to be a very fine bird of its kind, supported on one side by the white cross, and on the ther by the red cross flag. Several people were so lost in ad miration at these really excellent devices that they nearly lose their seats in the special train. However, all succeeded in making a start to Walkaway at about half-past eleven o'clock. As this portion of my report is all about rail ways I should mention that the speed to Walk away, exclusive of one stoppage for water, was 24 miles an hour and for the return journey 25 miles, considered by judges of steam loco motion a very good performance for such a class of engine as that in use in the colony. With regard to the permanent way, when its new for mation and the effect of recent rains on the newly constructed earthworks are borne in mind is very good indeed, and a credit to the contractor. I ought to have mentioned that the whole of the painting and decorating of the engine was done in the workshops. About sixty gentlemen accompanied the Government Resident to Walkaway, a special carriage being g t apart for our ceier puouc servant, auu iiiose wnom be saw fit to invite to accompany him on the journey. The upholstery of this carriage had been done at Messrs. Wainwright & Co.'s, under the superintendence of Miss Kiug, and was very creditable. The cushions were covered with blue velvet, decorated with old gold, the cur tains and fittings being of the same colours. On arrival at Walkaway the Geraldton guests were rc-inforced by a large Greenougb contin gent. Tables covered with wine glasses were ail ready, champagne and other wines were quickly uncorked, and the ceremony proceeded with. Tbe speeches must be given in. extenso next week inasmuch as I am bound down as regards space on this occasion. The following wasjthe programme of speeches: — The usual loyal toasts, (received with enthusiasm), ' Prosperity to the Geraldton- Greenough Railway," proposed by the Government Resident, and responded to by Messrs. Crowther and Clinch ; " The Com missioner of Railways;" " The member for Greenough," (proposed by Mr. Crowther and responded to by Mr. Clinch). The proceedings were of an enthusiastic character, although many regrets were expressed at the stoppage of the Midland Railway, and there was a gene ral agreement of idea that the railway stopping where it does can be absolutely of no use to the district. The company then re-entered the train, which arrived at Geraldton at about 2.30 p.m. Second Day (Tuesday.) At 830 the bugle sounded the " Assembly," calling the Geraldton Rifle Volunteers to a Church Parade. The men having fallen in, they were marched, with band olavme, to their re- spective Churches. At Christ Church Gerald ton the Te Deum was sung, and a special service, prescribed by tbe Bishop of Perth, and on the lines,. I believe, of the Jubilee Service at West minster Abbey, was gone through, the Rev. T. Loucli officiating. The service was full choral, and was excellently rendered. Luther's hymn " Now thank we all our God ' was sung, and also the National Anthem. At Wesley Church a thanksgiving service was conducted by the Rev. Viviau Roberts, consisting of prayer and praise. The 465th hymn in the Wesley Tune Book " Sovereign of all, whose will or dains" was sung by the Choir, and Mr. Roberts delivered a short and appropriate address. At S. Francis Xavier's Church tbe Te Deum was suug, followed by the Benediction, the Rev. Father Delany conducting tbe service. The G.R.V . fell in again at the Armoury at 1030., and wait ed the arrival of the Northampton train, which was considerably delayed by a terribly sad acci dent. A young man named Brown, was step ping from one truck to another, near Taylor's landing, whilst the train was in motion; and in doing so he fell beneath theVheels, which passed over both his legs, completely smashing one to pieces. The unfortunate young fellow was con veyed to a ward in the new Victoria Hospital, directly on reaching Geraldton, and both Doc tors Elliott and Haden were in attendance on him, but tbey pronounced bis case to be hope less. He was sensible on reaching the hospital, but died about three\R6fir&Aaf-; ter wards, the new Hospital thus . receiving baptism of blood. This sad event naturally cast a gloom over the day's proceedings, and the deepest sympathy was expressed for the de ceased's widowed mother, of whom he was said to be the sole support. The Northampton vol unteers having joined their Geraldton brothers in arms, tbe corps at once marched to the Vic toria Hospital, Captain Shenton, who acted as Major for the day. being mounted on that splendid charger War Cry. All Geraldton and his wife turned out to witness the opening of the Hospital, which is not only a most com modious, but is also in its altered shape a handsome building. The ceremony was pro- Cefidfid with inrmprJiafpW nn thp arrival nf flip volunteers. It was commenced by tbe Rev. Thomas Louch saying the following prayer, which he had especially composed for the oc casion : — Almighty God, our Heavenly Father, we be seech Thee with Thy favour to look down upon this Hospital. Visit it, we humbly pray Thee, with Thy blessing. Let the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, comfort and strengthen all who now are, or may be hereafter admitted as patients into this house. Sanctify their sickness to the good of their souls, and grant unto them pa tience under their sufferings, and a happy issue out of all their afflictions. In mercy vouchsafe unto them quiet resignation to Thy will, and out' of the fulness of Thy wisdom do Thou in Thine own way bless tbe means which shall be used for their restoration to health. Fulfil, we be seech Thee, our desires and petitions in behalf of Thy suffering children as may be most expedient for them, granting them in this world knowledge of Thy truth, and in the world to come life ever lasting. We beseeeh Thee also to bless ourmost Gra cious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria, whose name this Hospital bears. Grant her in healtb and wealth long to live, and finally give unto her everlasting joy and felicity. We offer these our bumble petitions to Thee O Father in the name of Thy blessed Son Jesus Christ our Lord. — A men. The Government Resident, who appeared to be considerably moved, then spoke as follows: — 'Ladies and Gentlemen — You well-know and deeply regret that a great solemnity has been /toaf Auor i.ip urwipnf. nrnn.APrl intra hv a Hrftftfnl accident to a brother — a fellow man. This ceremony inaugurates tbe opening of the Hos pital which is to be called after our beloved and revered Queen. You will agree with me that we could not have a more fitting memorial of her Jubilee than this. I feel quite over powered, and unable to speak to you as I would wish to do, bnt I have been particularly re quested to refer to the labor of several persons in connection with this Hospital, and convey to them the thanks of the Victoria District for hauing provided us with such a handsome and convenient building. The Director of Public Works has taken the greatest interest in the work of its construction, and has shown every desire to meet the wants of the district. Es pecial credit is due to Mr. Poole, the architect, who has converted what was a most unsightly and inconvenient boildinginto what you seenow. Thanks are also due to Mr. Light to Mr. Snaden, the Foreman of Works, and Mr. Kelly, the Contractor, who, I am told by Dr. Elliott, has shown tbe greatest desire to do his work as quickly and well as possible, as weil as the greatest kindliness of spirit through out. You will agree with me that our warmest thanks are due to Dr. Elliott himself, to whom we are chiefly indebted for -this building. I consider we are exceedingly fortunate to have in charge of it a gentleman of so much zeal and ability. I regret very much that we are unable to give the usual cheers when the flag is re moved, owing to the unfortunate young man who met with the accident this morning being in an adjoining ward. On behalf of the Go vernment, and in the name of the people of the Victoria district, I now name this building the "Victoria Hospital." Mr. Brown then removed the flag. Dr. Elliott said that thev had all hoped that the oceasion would be a joyous one, but a sad accident had happened, and he felt profoundly grieved by it, and was so shocked as to be unable to say all that he had intended to. But he could not allow the company to part without a word of tribute to their good friend she Govern ment Resident. He had taken the matter of the Hospital in hand when representing the Vic toria District in the Legislature, and it was said that the best speech ever delivered in the West Australian Legislature was made by Mr. Brown in connection with that hospital. It had been strongly opposed by Mr. Steere, Sir Lake Leake and others, but Mr. Brown had grasped the situation, saw the inadequacy of the old build ing, and at last brought those who opposed him in this question round to his way of thinking. He would therefore not be doing his duty were he not to return to Mr. Brown the most cordial viouiLL AUI wnom ucuau AAU would like to say a word or two to the ladies. He hoped that they would visit the patients in this new building, It was impossible for them to do so in the old ; to those who wanted it he would be very happy to give plain and simple instructions in nursing, such as the setting of fractures, and other like information so use ful in our country districts. He hoped to get the grouuds in front of the Hospital properly laid out in course of time, so that convalescent patieta might have a pleasant resort, and the town-folk a nice lounging plaee ou Sunday afternoons. He regretted that they were unable to call for three cheers for the Resident, but he would take the will for the deed, aud rest assur ed that they most thoroughly appreciated him. It was intended that one ward in the Hospital should be named after Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown briefly responded giving credit to the Government for a desire to help the Dis trict in this and other respects. He also ex pressed the public's obligation to the volun teers for gracing the occasion by their presence. The Volunteers and company then partook of a glass of champagne, and other light re freshments, after wbicb the former fell in and were marched to Victoria Square. Here there was a review and march past, in which close on 100 men took part. The evolutions, which were nearly the same as those at Northampton last Queen's Birthday, were excellently performed, and Captains Shenton and Mitchell had reason to feel proud of their coips. During the afternoon Lieutenant Jose (the Mayor J proceeded with the formal naming of the Recreation Ground "Victoria Square." as I have said elsewhere, now that the Government have added to it the adjoining piece of land, oars is the finest Recreation Ground in thecolony. It can with a little trouble and| expense he made a splendid cricket field, and should at once be planted aronnd with trees of various kinds. Tbe Mayor in naming the piece of ground spoke as follows : — Ladies and Gentlemen : Although I am in uniform, and this is a military day, the duty I am now about to perform is a municipal one. It was really on the programme for yesterday, but event followed event so fast that we were forced to exclude this ceremony, as well as a few other items which, had time allowed, would have been gone through. You are now standing on the ground a part of which has hitherto been known as the Recreation Ground, and which, with the piece you now see enclosed with it, has been vested in the Geraldton Town Council. The block of land in itself is one of which the inhabitants of this town may well feel proud. Had the Government allowed us to select a piece of land we could not have found a better site for a public Recreation Ground, this being perfectly level, conveniently situated, and one which, with a little outlay, can be made by far the best ground of itfc kind in the colony. I just mentioned that the inhabitants might well feel proud of the ground itself, but whenyou hear the name it is henceforth to be known by you will. I think, feel prouder still. Without pre face, then, on behalf of the inhabitants of Ger- -aWtbrn'r formally name this ground the " Vic- Tmqdare" in honor of Her Most Giacious Majgsty Queen Victoria, whose Jubilee we are now celebrating. (Cheers,) I must add that our warmest thanks are due to His Excellency the Governor for the willing manner which this ground was given to the town, and for the. promptitude with whrch the deeds thereof were handed to our solicitor at Perth. 1 therefore now call upon you to give three hearty cheers for His Excellency. These were given with vigour, and the inter esting ceremony terminated. In the evening there was a grand Volunteer Ball at the Masonic Hall, at which about 150 persons were present, including the Government Rmiilpii Mrs Drnwn .inH sproral losHino resi- dents of the town and district. Some excellent music was supplied by the Volunteer band, wbich had been considerably augmented, and the scene presented during the evening was most animated, what with the appropriate milit ary decorations, the brilliant uniforms, and tbe really handsome and tasteful dresses of the lad ies, The toast of " The Queen," given by Cap tain Shenton after supper was received with en thusiasm. Dancing was kept up to an early in the morning, and it was generally agreed that the Ball was one of the most successful enter tainments of the kind ever given in Geraldton. ( Continued on page 5) 