ffales, ®tc. OLD AND NEW; or, TASTE v. FASHION. CHAPTER XXIV. 8HOBTAND SWEET. By Mbs. J. Saslieb. These was joy at Castle Mahon when Madam Von Wiegel and her daughter returned thither after years of absence. Those at home were little changed. Uncle Gerald had grown somewhat stouter, Uncle Walter somewhat thinner, Aunt Helen's matronly form more imposing, and Eveleen's bright {ace had lost much of its lightsome gaiety, though her manner was just as usual— piquant, lively, and attractive. In reply to her aunt and cousin's friendly reproaches for the silence observed in her letters regarding Bellew, she laughed merrily, and saucily replied : ' I was only paying people back in their own coin, Aunt Lydia! The confidence others'—she glanced at Bertha—' placed in me, I placed in them. Poor Gerald!' she added, and a shade of sadness fell on her sunny face, and the light faded from her laughing eyes—' poor Gerald! If I had only seen him before he left for India!' Choking with the sudden gush of feeling that welled up from her inmost heart, Eveleen darted from the room, leaving her sympathising friends to discuss the subject with affectionate interest, unrestrained by her Amongst the first visitors who came to welcome the new arrivals was Lord Dunmore, whose failing health had rendered it necessary for him to retire from diplomatic life, and seek a renewal of health and spirits amongst his native shades in the balmy air of green-valleyed Munster. Disfigured as Alfred's face had been by the devastating small-pox, the features were still regular, with so sweet an expression pervading all, that Bertha, disposed as she was to sympathise with him, regarded the young nobleman with sisterly interest from the first moment of .their acquaintance. Though not quite so tall as Edgar, his form, too, was graceful and symmetrical, whilst the pensive tone of his voice and the extreme gentleness of his manner won insensibly on the heart. Different as the brothers were, and immeasurably superior as Edgar was in mind as well as in person, there was still something in and about one that reminded you of the other, and that alone went far to establish Lord Dunmore in the warmest sisterly regard of Bertha. And he, on his part, loved Bertha for her own &ke; and that of his brother, to whom he was devotedly attached. He had been in Edgar's confidence long enough to know how strong and enduring was his love for Bertha Von Wiegel, and how entirely that love filled his heart. And now when he saw Bertha Montague with his own corporal eyes, and heard her speak, and felt how tenderly she loved the brother of whom he was so proud, so fond, his pure, loving heart yearned towards her, and never brother loved a sister as he loved her. It was the delight of both to sit and talk of him so far away—in the midst of danger—so dearly loved—so vividly remembered, and each, in turn, revived the other's drooping spirits by a fresh infusion of hope into the darkness of doubt and despondency. With a sort of hesitation and a quickening of the heartpulse for which she could scarcely account, Bertha asked Lord Dunmore whether he had left his daughter in Madrid. A smile of arch intelligence lit up Alfred's face as he replied: ' No, I could not bear to leave her behind— she is at Dunmore, where ail aged lady of much experience in teaching has her education in charge. As my daughter—:the living image of my lost Isabella—I know you will like her—though, perhaps, not quite so well,' he added, with a look that covered Bertha's face with blushes,' as if she were only my niece, with the captivating likeness of the noblest of all the Montagues. Ah, Bertha 1 how little you know of Edgar when you could be made to believe him guilty of a low, base amour. Forgive me, though, sweet sister mine. I meant not to reproach you. I know how skilfully the web of calumny was woven, and as Edgar was but too happy to forgive your involuntary injustice, so am I, too t Let us think not of the past, but rather look to the future. When my brother returns ' 'But oh, Alfred I if "be should not return?' ' He will return. How can you doubt it, Bertha Montague ? Have you not half the old women around Castle Mahon praying for his safe return, and are not your own hours chiefly spent in prayer for the same intent ? Will not the angels have guard over him, even for your dear Bake ? Oh, doubt it not!' Lord Dtuamoie began in a jesting tone, but before he ended his pale cheek glowed, and his voice quivered with emotion. Bertha, much surprised, was about to ask him how he came to know all this, but her motUei arid TTricle Walter "coming in at the moment, she cared not to pursue the subject ju6t thteri. ' • " ' " It Was true, nevertheless, what Alfred said regarding her private devotions, and a few weeks after that conversation her Uncle Gerald had, at her request, a small chapel or oratory put Op' in the Druid Grove, within sight of the old Judgment Seat, and on its little altar manya Mae's was offered up' for the temporal and spiritual welfare Of Montague and Bellew—for they were ever associated in the pious prayere-of the family. Then,-too; would Bertha sptmd whole hours, sometimes with Ijer mother, aunt, or cousin, but oftener alone, communing with her own heart, and contemplating in silence and olitude the dear image that was ever before er eyes. _ But her thoughts were not sad nes—anxious and troubled as they were at imes, there was hope glimmering through he darkness, and when she saw the evening tar peep out through the golden mists of vening, she would say to her own heart, 'Even so shall the light of his presence beam on my eyes!' and when the crescent moon monthly appeared in the heavens, ertha would murmur, 'Hail, fair moonl efore you have gone your allotted round my dgar may be herel'' Yes, her life was a life of hope, and a life of prayer. Letters came occasionally—as often, indeed, as the unsettled state of those Indian provinces would permit—from the loved and absent. Characteristic the letters were; Montague's deep, earnest, and impassioned —Bellew's (to Eveleen) half gay, half sad, sportive, y.et tender, always hopeful, never desponding. In the' drawing-room at Castle Mahon a new and beautiful portrait graced the wall, close by the door of the conservatory. It was a copy of the picture of Edgar Montague which hung in the picture-gallery at Dunmore. This was a present to Bertha from Lord Dunmore, who had secretly employed an eminent artist to take the copy very soon after Mrs. Montague's arrival at Castle Mahon. This was an agreeable surprise for Bertha, but a far more agreeable one was not far distant. Twelve months had passed— and oh ! how long they seemed to Bertha, for, true it is that Expectation ologs the vrings of time With more than leaden weight. Battles had been fought in India, and lists of the ' killed and wounded' had been published, and someone of Bertha's tender friends had glanced over each mournful list before it was suffered to meet her or Eveleen's eyes; but, happily, the name of Montague or Bellew was not on any of them, save once, when Major Montague was reported as ' slightly wounded in the sword arm.' Even that had filled Bertha with increased anxiety, from which she was still suffering when one evening late in September she sat alone and in tears in her little woodland chapel. Th» evening sun was sinking With a mild light, calm and mellow. But the golden beauty of the sunset nor the varied sheen of the autumn woods could cheer the heart that was beginning to despond, or restore one tint of freshness to the cheek that was pale with long watching and that hope which 1 deferred maketh the heart sick.' 'All at once a quick, light step crushed the withered leaves which already lay thick on the narrow pathway, a shadow darkened the sunlight at the door, and a voice sweeter than harp or lute—a voice low and soft and tender as the sigh of the autumn breeze— spoke one word,' Bertha /' Starting from her mournful reverie, Bertha Montague looked up, and there stood Edgar, paler and thinner than when they parted, but still there in very deed. His eyes were smiling on her as of old, and when she sprang to his arms with a cry of joy he pressed her to his heart, and held her there as though he feared to lose her again on the moment. • Were those tears for me ?' he fondly asked ; ' but I know they were,' and he kissed them away. ' How pale you are, dear love. Oh! Bertha, you have suffered!' ' And you, Edgar ? You are sadly altered. What of your wound ?' 'Think not of it, Bertha; but for it I should not now be here, and the bliss of this moment were worth fifty such wounds, If Gerald could only have come with me I should have been but too, too happy ' ' He is not with you, then?' Montague shook his head. ' As he had not the good fortune to be wounded or put on the sick list, there was no possibility of his obtaining leave of absence—indeed, he could not think of asking it.' Poor Eveleen!' murmured Bertha, her eyes filling with tears of sympathy; ' have you seen her yet?' ' Just for a moment. When I heard you were here I rejoiced to know that I should find you alone, and scarcely waited to shake hands with your mother and the rest. What a charming little temple you have here, Bertha.' ' It is a temple of love, Edgar! meant as a retreat where I could, unseen by mortal eye, weep and pray for my dearer self, exposed to danger—perhaps to death.' • Take care, Bertha! You will make me too proud,'whispered Montague; 'you forget that I am Don Bellianus! apropos to that, I was glad to see by your last letter that Robert Murray has been endeavouring to console himself for the loss he had sustained by taking to himself a wife. But, dearest, I have had such a strange letter from Lady Susan, dated from New York a few days after my departure.' •And what did she say, Edgar ?'_ cried Bertha, raising herself in his arms till she looked in his face. «She said, amongst many other wild and wioked things, that she would not leave our married life untroubled—at least, that she would raise a spirit which we should find more terrible than was the ghost of Samuel 5 to Saul of old, and that He stopped, «Nay, tell me Edgar t Tell me all I' ' She said, sweet love, that she would dash the cup of joy from your lips when you Ifeast expected. But we can now defy her malice, else had I never told you of her dark threats.' ' . «Unhappy , woman 1' said Bertha, in a tone cif half pity, half horror; ' she can never now disturb our peace. Heard you not, dear Edgar, of her sad fate ?' ' Surely, no I What was it ? How ?' ' She and Sir Henry were both lost in the ill-fated steamer , whose mysterious disappearance on her passage from New York to Liverpool is still the wonder of the hoar.' ' Great God! and she perished in her sinB —her dark, deadly sins!' ' With pain I answer " yes 1" it is even so; Sir Henry and Lady Susan Burke were the first names on the list of passengers lost.' ' How wonderful are the ways of God,' said Edgar, with solemn reverence, ' how terrible His vengeance. Poor Lady Susan, now I can forgive her—before I found it hard to do so.' ' Oh, Edgar 1' sighed Bertha, the tears streaming unheeded from her eyes,' I pitied even more than I blamed her at the worst of times—how could I but pity her? She loved you—not wisely, but too well, and none could feel like me what she must have felt in losing you. To her darkened mind it appeared that I had robbed her of your love.' ' She could not think so,' said Montague, sternly; ' she knew she never had my Jove— no, not for one brief moment—and she knew, moreover, that the more she strove to gain it the farther she was from succeeding. No, no, Bertha 1 even had she never been affianced to my brother she never could have been my choice. You know it, Bertha ! You know there was but one—but one in all the world that ever could, or ever did, awaken love in me!' ' And that one a marble image, with a stony heart. How hard your lot is, Edgar Montague!' ' Very hard, indeed, Bertha Montague ! Only that I happen to have and to hold the marble image now, and I shall try if I have not power to soften it.' The rich glow that crimsoned Bertha's cheek had not yet died away when her mother and all the family—Eveleen alone excepted— made their appearance at the door, claiming a share of Major Montague's attention. And now what more have I to say before taking leave of those who have so long occupied my best attention ? Is it necessary for me to say that Edgar Montague and Bertha were happy in each other ? If it be, I have done but little justice to either in presenting them to the reader. They were happyhappy as mortals can be on earth, and Madam Von Wiegel was happier than she ever expected to have been in this world, and what is more, Eveleen and Bellew were happy, too, for in three months after Mon tague's arrival, Bellew's regiment was ordered home, and the long-looked-for wedding took place at Castle Mahon. 