THE RELIGIOUS 'CARD.PLAYER. Masn'si ipgenuity has often helped him opt ofdifficullties T'he following peculiar in stance ii worth publishing- private soldier by the nme of RichardLee,was taken before the mististrate of Glasgow for playinrg cards ddriog divioe service. The account of it is thus given in an English jorurnal: "A ser eant commanded the soldiers at cburcbh, and. while there the parson had read the prayers and took his text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but th'is soldier hadl neither Bible nor common Fprayer book, but, pulling oat a pack of cards, te spread themi before him. He first Ioonked at one card and then at another. The serenrtt of the cotnipany aaw him, and coid,' Richard, put up thie cards, this is no place ofthem.'. ' Never mind tht.' said Richard. When the services were over the con stable took Richard a prisoner and brought him befbre the Mayor. ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' what have you brought the soldier here for P; ' For playing eards in chirch.' 'Well soldier, wllat have you to sa? for yoirselfP' ' Much sir, I hope.' 'Very good; if not I will punish you severely.' "'I haveb been,' said the soldier, 'ibout cir weeks onthe march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. i hhve nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions.' Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. '"When I see the ace it reminds me th ttbiore is but one God. When I see the deiuce it reminds me of the Father and 80on. "' When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it remihds me of the four evangelists that preached--Matthew, Mairk, Lueli and John. "'Whet I see the five it reminds meof the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. T·here were ten but five were foolish, and were shut out. i' Wlen I see the six it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. "' Whenl-I see the serven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the greattwiirkwhit:h-heniaideand hallowed. "' When I see the eight it remipds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world-viz, Noah, and'his wife, his three sbons and their wives. "'When I eee nine it reminds me of. nine lepers- that'- were cleansed by our Saviour. There-were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. . . "' When I see the ten it reminds me of the.ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. "' When I see the King it reminds me of the great King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. "'When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Yheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a women as be was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty'girls, all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The King sent for water for theul to wash. The girlswashed to the elbows and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. "' Well said the Mayor,' you have dercribed every card in the pack except Sone.' "'What is that ? ' "'The knave,' saenid the-Mayor. 'I will give your Honor a description of' that too if you will not be angry.' 'I will not,' said the'Mayor,'if you do not term me to bhe the knave.' 'The greatest , knave I know is the constable that brought me here,' 'I do not know,' said the Mayor, if he is the greatest knave, but I know he in the greatest fool.' "' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I finud three hundred ah'd sixty-fie, as inany days as there are in a year. . When I count the number of bhrds in alpack I fihd fifty-twni --the num ber of fWeeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a:pack, representing the number of montbhs in a year, and on counting'the tricks I find thirteen-the number of weeks in a quarter. So ydou see a pack of cards serves.lor a "Bible,almanace' and common prayer book.'" 