¿ LOCAL NEWS. *«? - -v THE CLERK -OF PETTY SESSIONS AT BRANXTON. -At the ¿Initl.md Quarter Sessions on Saturday his Honor Mr. District Court Judge Dowling paid a high compliment to Mr. F. G. Adrian, Clerk of Petty Sessions at Branxton. Said his Honor: *' Ge'ntk"iion you have heard the dying statement of the deceased, David Kennedy, read, I will do Mr. Adrian the compliment of saying it is taken re- markably well That young gentleman seemB to have uoil'orined his official duties as Cleric of Petty Sessions with great cai e." A JUROR'S MILEAGE ALLOWANCE.-Yesterday, at the Maitlund Quarter Sessions, Mr. Stocker, a juior, abkud his Honor Judge Dowling what amouut he was entitled to claim by way of mileage in t bose eil ciunstancea ; He resides across the river from West Maitland, and if he travelled by rond the distance would bo about four miles. He, however, could go through private land, and having a boat ho waa enabled to cross the river, and thus the journey to town was very much shortened. He oi-kcd the question as a matter of principle. Hin Honor : Oh, it is only a small amount, make a present of it to the Queen. Mr. Stocker : It is not for t he sake of the money I ask the question, but to gain information. Mr. Isaacs : He will be paid according to the distance he travelled. His Honor : I cauuot help you, Mr. juryman. I have nothing to do with it. THE PROTECTIONIST BANNER.-On Saturday we ' received a telegraphic message to the effect that Mr. John Osborne would unfurl the protection banner in West Maitland and Singleton this week. Who où earth is Mr. John Osborne ? FREETBADH ASSOCIATION. - WEST MAITLAND BRANCH.-It will be seen that a meeting of the Webt Maitland Branch, and of persons who desire to join it, will bo held in Mr, J. D. Prentice's Hall, Bourke-Btreet, on Thursday evening, when the rules will be submitted by the sub-committee, and office-bearers elected. SATURDAY NIGHT'S CONCERT.-It was considered that the pleasant memories of the enjoyable free conceits conducted in the West Maitland School of Arts some time back, ond promoted by Mr. A. S. Browuo, to aid in the propagation of the cause of temperance, would have been sufficient to have filled the hall to overflowing on Saturday evening, wheu a small charge was made for admission. This was not BO, however, as there were many vacant seats, but the absent ones were those who Buffered the loss. Mr. Browne presided, and in a short in troduetory address announced that the concerts would be continued at suitable intervals, the . proceeds of the entertainment that night gMng to the performers, who had always been ready to asBist in any good cause, to enable them to procure costumes, etc., for future occasions. The programme was then proceeded with. The performers included Misses Armstrong and Browne, the former contributing a well-rendered song, whiUt the latter young lady danced gracefully. A warm welcome is always extended to Maitland's favourite, Mr. W. H. Kelly, and his motto and character songs were given with all his old fire, power, and effect, and the'applause testified that his efforts were thoroughly appre- ciated. Messrs. M'Clurkin, Howitt, and Rose have apparently a mirth factory at work, for they have nnlimited quantities of fun at their command, which they dispensed in a lively manner ; the trio dance well, they have fair voices, and whatever they take in hand they do intelligently and without buffoonery. The plantation scene and jubilee song, with Mr. Kelly as loader, in the character of a white planter, who joins in the amusements of his slaves^ was heartily enjoyed, and Mr. Adams' voice waB heard to advantage in his " Song of the Sea." Mr. Browne briefly addressed the audience on the benefits to be derived from total abstinence, and congratulated the people of West Maitland on their temperate character, when compared with residents of any town in Australia. He also took occasion to thank the committee of the School of ArtB for the liberal manner in which they had granted the building to enable him to pursue his good work. Mr. Browne's remarks had their effect, for a number of the audience took pledges. The , entertainment closed with " The Lively Ghost," a 5* very laughable farce. Mrs. D. C Carter acted as accompanist, and was highly successful as usual. PRIVATE HOTEL BARS.-In the course of the proceedings at the Quarter Sessions yesterday after- noon his Honor, Judge Dowling, referring to some evidence that had been given in a case which was being tried, said " I am not a teetotaler, nor have I ever been intoxicated in my life. I believ'o in reason alcohol has been sent to us by the Almighty. However, I believe I am one of the oldest police magistrates in the colony, and I certainly say from the bottom of my heart that I disapprove of private bars upstairs. I think they ought to be under proper superviBion." THE "MERCURY" LAW REPORTS.-Complimen- tary reference was made by his Honor Judge Dowling on Saturday at the Maitland Quarter Sessions to the law reports published in this journal. A question arose as to whether the finding of a coroner's jury was admissable as evidence in a case of manslaughter. Mr. Norrie, for defence, proposed to tender evidence as to such finding. Objection was offered by the gentleman representing the Crown, and the evidence was disallowed. His Honor said that the finding of the coroner's jury did not affect the case one way or another. No doubt some of the jurors had read the result of the inquest in the paper. Legal proceedings were every ably reported in the local Press. "The Maitland Mercury," added hiB Honor, " has always been famous for its full and able law reports." AN EARTHQUAKE SHOCK.—Many persons in Mait- land were sensible on Thursday night, or Friday morning of a slight shock of earthquake. From Clarence Town we hear that it was felt there ; a correspondent at Vacy also reports having felt it. He fixes the time at half an hour after midnight, and says the wave passed from N.E. to S.W., shak- ing his bed with considerable force. The shock was also felt at Paterson. We also learn that Dr. Power had an experience of the earthquake. He had returned to his residence from a professional call and was about to retire to rest when he heard a rumbling noise at the main door of his premises, at the same time becoming aware for a few seconds of a vibrating sensation. Next morning whilst in his garden he discovered that the rose bushes which had the previous day been thickly covered with aphides were almost free from these pests, and that the few remaining were in a dying condi- tion. Dr. Power can in no way account for the sudden vacation by the insects except by connect- ing it in some manner with the supposed earth- quake. Did any of the many floriculturists in the district experience such a relieving incident on the same occasion? It would be interesting to com- pare notes. A SAD CASE.-One of the witnesses who gave evidence in a case tried at the Maitland Quartor Sessions was a little boy not quite ten years of age. Certain questions were asked of him with the view to test hiB knowledge as to the nature of an oath. The boy said that he attended the Public school, but had received no religious instruction. He did not know the Lord's Prayer, and had no religion. Later m the day, his Honor said : It ÍB a lament- able Bight to see the boy in such a state. He is nearly ten years of ago, and can read a little, but has never heard of God : he does not go to church. If we do not go to church in our young days, we are not likely to go when we are old. Religious knowledge we get from our mother's knee. I am sorry to see the poor boy withont such knowledge. I should like to see the mother here, so that I could speak to her about it. SALE OF STATION PROPERTIES.—In our adver- tising columns the sales are announced of two mag- nificent squatting properties in the colony of Queensland. The first, the Newinga station, embraces the block of country known as Currinby Baillyannah, Garrarderah, and Charlestown, and contains in the aggregate 224 square miles, or 143,360 acres of choice fattening country in the Darling Downs and Maranoa districts, Queensland. The improvements on this property consist of home- stead, outbuildings, stock-yards, paddocks, and about 30 miles of fencing. The second property is the famous Tallwood Run also in the Maranoa and Darling Downs districts, and embraces an area of about 227 miles of splendid fattening country. Both of these properties are unstocked, but their grazing capabilities are immense, and capable, under judicious supervision from their approxima- tion to market of yielding highly remunerative returns. The sales will take place to-morrow (Wed- nesday) afternoon, at two o'clock at the Hall of Commerce, Sydney, and will be conducted by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe. Fuller particulars will be gleaned from the advertisements.—Commu nicated. A PLAGUE SPOT.-Residents of Steam-street are loud in their complaints of a nuisance which is just now in full bloom in their neighbourhood, and very jnstly so, for the smell which arises from it ia far from enticing. It has for years been the practice to cast rubbish in a hollow near Mrs. Baldwin's residence, and the late rains have turned it into a foul pingue spot. Cannot the Inspector of the borough find the place, and so far do hiB duty as to cause an abatement of the nuisance ? MAITLAND SCHOOL or ARTS.-On reference to our advertising columns will be seen an announce- ment to the merabers'of the West Maitland School of Arts, informing them that the date for issue of books has been unavoidably extended till Monday, September 12. ACCIDENT TO THE MINISTERIAL PARTY.-The Ministerial party arrived at Grenfell from Forbes on Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock, and met with a very cordial reception. The enjoyment of the trip was to some extent marred by an accident which hnppened to the Hon. James Inglis, Minister for Public Instruction, a few miles from Grenfell. The four-in-hand containing Mr. Inglis and two other gentlemen was being driven at a good pace, and it suddenly came in contact with a stump on the roadside, the occupants being thrown out with some violence, No one was seriously hurt, but Mr. Inglis was so much shaken that ho was unable to attend the banquet which was givpn at Grenfell in the evening to Sir Henry Parkes and his colleagues. Mr. Inglis was attended all the evening by Dr. Knipe, of Grenfell, and was progressing very well. It is expected that he will have sufficiently re- covered to enable him to proceed to Young with the other members of the Ministerial party. The Premier and his colleagues will leave Young by train on Sunday night for Sydney. Herald. THE COFFEE PALACE TRAGEDY,-The trial of Henry Borsboom for the alleged murder of his wife at the Great Australian Coffee Palace, Castlereagh street, in June last, was continued at the Central Criminal Court on Friday, before his Hqnor Mr. Justice Stephen, Mr. E. Barton, assisted by Mr. Harris, appeared on behalf of the Crown ¡ Mr. David Buchanan, instructed by Mr. Roberts, sen., appeared for the prisoner. Mr. Barton commenced his address to the jury on behalf of the Crown at 10 o'clock, and continued his remarks till half-past 11 o'clock, at which time his Honor commenced to Bum up. His Honor concluded his summing up Bhortly before 3 o'clock, and the jury alter having further examined Mr. Hamlet, Government Analyst, retired to consider their verdict at 3 o'clock. At 6 o'clock on Friday night they were called into court, and the foreman stated they were not likely to agree upon a verdict. They were then locked up until 9 o'clock on Saturday morning. The jury were brought into Court on Saturday morning, when they returned a verdict of "Not Guilty." The accused, who was very much affected, broke down entirely after tho verdict waa announced, and shed copious tears in the dock. He was discharged, and was driven away in a cab from the back entrance of the courthouse. A very large number of persons assembled in front of the courthouse with the ex- pectation of seeing Borsboom, but as he made his exit as stated they were disappointed. MB. N. B. DOWNING AT WEST MAITLAND.-This gentlemen, who was lecturing in the free trade interest in West Maitland last week, on Sunday afternoon delivered by request an address on gospel temperance in the School of Arts, West Maitland. There was a large gathering of adherents of the temperance cause and others. A number of Moody and Sankey hymns were sung by the audience. Mr. Downing has a great reputation for eloquence in the cause of temperance, and hiB numerous audience were not disappointed, the remarks being most eloquent and appropiato and were much appreciated.-In the evening Mr. Downing preached in the Wesloyan Church, when there was an un- usually large attendance, many being attracted by Mr. Downings fame and their previous experience of his eloquence. He has proceeded on a visit to different towns in the northern districts to unfurl the banner of free trade, and promised on his return to West Maitland to hold a service on a Sunday afternoon for the benefit of the Sunday school children of the Protestant denominations. The service will be held in some inseetarrian hall. Whether as a lecturer on the principles of free trade, the temperance cause, or a toacher of the Gospel, we have never heard a better in Maitland, and Mr. Downing should be heartily welcome where he goes, MR. JOHN HAYNES, M.P.-Our advertising columns contain a notification that Mr. John Haynes, the junior member for Mudgee, who is at present traversing the colony on a lecturing tour, will be in West Maitland this evening, and will lecture in the School of Arts, on " Free Trade and Decentralisation ¡" on Wednesday evening he will give " Press Recollections," and as Mr. Haynes is an old wielder of the ped and au able and eloquent speaker he will doubtless have large audiences. He will repeat his discourses at East Maitland on Thursday and Friday and at Morpeth on Saturday and Monday nights. 