CONSECRATION OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP OF PERTH. Un Monday a representative ol tne Observer waited upon Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, who courteously supplied some interesting par ticulars concerning the consecration of Dr. Gibney.as Bishop of Perth in Western Aus tralia. Dr. Gibney was formerly Vicar-General of Perth, and was remarkable as the " hero of Glenrowan." At the time of the capture of the Kelly gang in Victoria he was collecting in that colony lands in aid of the Roman Catholic Orphanage of Perth. He acted very bravely at the Glenrowan affray, and rendered valuable services alike to humanity and to justice. At the last Provincial Council the late Bishop of Perth, (Dr. Griever) petitioned for a coadjutor owing to old age and infirmi ties. The Holy See heard the petition, and in September last appointed Dr. Gibney to the titular See of Hypena, a suffragan See of the Archbishopric of Cythopolis in Asia Minor. This was a necessary formula under Church rules, but really Dr. Gibney acted ae coadjutor in Perth. It may be explained that foreign SeeB, better known amongst the Catholics as tra parlibua infiddium, are now no longer called by that name. The present Pontiff, LeoXIEL, at the representation of the Sultan of Turkey, in whose territory most of those Sees are situated, changed the title in artibua infidelium to that of "Titular Bishoprics of the See," as, for instance, Bishop Gibney was first nominated aB Bishop oi the titular Church of Hypena and coadjutor to the Bishop of Perth. No sooner had the Balls or Letters Apostolic been iesued than Dr. Griever became inftipaoitated for the government of the See. When the congrega tion of the Propaganda received the telegram of Dr. Grievers death they at once iseued second letters appointing Dr. Gibney to the See of Perth, and, by a singular coincidence, these documents were received on the day of the late Bishop's buriaL In compliment to the Catholic body of Perth, the Cardinal Archbishop at once acceded to the request of Dr. Gibney to consecrate him in his own Cathedral. On Sunday, January 23, the solemn ceremonial took place at 11 o'clock in the morning, the Car dinal being consecrating prelate, and Bishop Salvado, Abbot of New Noreia, and Bishop Reynolds, of Adelaide, assisting prelates. The ample space afforded by the cnancel of the Cathedral of Perth enhanced the beauty of the ceremonial. The Cardinal sang the Pontifical Moss, and at the usual time gave the interrogations to the Bishop-elect, who afterwards was conducted by the assisting prelateB to the feet of the Cardinal, where he made his profession of faith and took the usual canonical oath that he wonld preserve the temporalities of the See of Perth, and neither alienate or give away or waste, but preserve intact to his successors that committed to his trust. He then laid prostrate as prescribed at the foot of the altar, and at tne end of that cere monial the Cardinal eonsecrator and the assisting prelates prayed that Almighty God wonld vouchsafe to bless, sanctify, and con secrate the elect. He then rose, conducted again by the assistant prelates, and kneeling before the Cardinal they each placed their bands on his head with the prayer " Reeeive the Holy Ghost" The Cardinal then an notated his head with chrism, and also hie bands, blessed the ring, and placed it on his finger. The Mass was then proceeded with until the communion, which the newly conse crated Bishop received under bothspecies with the consecrating prelate. After this the gloves were blessed and placed b/ the con teerator and assistant Bishops on the handr of Dr. Oibney. Immediately afterwards the mitre was blessed, and with the same cere monial placed on the head of the new Bishop. He was then "received to the kiss of peace" by Ithe conseorator and assisting Bishops. Subsequently he was conducted by the Cardinal and assisting Bishops to the throne, the Cardinal placing the pastoral staff in hiB hand. The Cardinal immediately intoned at the foot of the altar the "Te Denm," during the singing of which the assisting Bishops led the newly consecrated throneh the Church, and in the prooes sion he imparted his first episcopal bleBsing to the flock entrusted to his care. The singing is described as magnificent. A great portion of the music of the Mass had been composed by Bishop Saivado himself. The procession then re formed to conduct the Bishop to the episoopal residence. Many and hearty were the greetings of all Catholics and non-Catholics on that memorable occasion. The leading non- Catholics of Perth testified their pleasure at Dr. Gibney's appointment by being present at the consecration. The (Ordinal preached at vespers, the Cathedral' being again thronged by the same congrega tion who assisted in the morning. A most pleasing feature of the visit of the Cardinal was the cordiality of the greetings from all de nominations in Fremantle ana Perth. The Corporation of Perth gave leave to the Catholics to erect triumphal arches in the town, and were as hearty in their assistance as the Catholics could desire. The Bishop invited about 100 of the leading gentlemen of Perth and Fremantle, all oi whom bad assisted at the consecration, to a dejitmer at the Orphanage at Subiaco. The Sisters of Mercy had everything prepared for their honoured guests. The Governor placed his carriage at '■ the disposal of the Cardinal and Bishops during their stay, as also the saloon carriage on the railways, and directed that every attention should be paid to the Cardinal and Bishops as the guests of the colony. The Cardinal and Bishops visited ■ the Governor's residence at Rottneat, and spent the day with him. The Cardinal and Bishops visited the Native Mission at New ftorcia, and were for two - days the guests of Bishop Saivado. All the settlers mustered at the Monastery to greet the Cardinal. The native band and oncket club gave proofs of their ability, and on several occasions the latter defeated their white brethren at cricket. The Cardinal left overland on Thursday, reaching Albany on Saturday night, and on Tuesday at mid night embarked on the Carthage with the Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Reynolds arrived in Adelaide on Saturday, and the Cardinal went on to Sydney by the Carthage. The Mount Rennie Outrage.—A Wel lington correspondent of the Sydney JDvening News says that the girl Mary Jane Hicks, who was the victim of the Mount Rennie outrage, is at present in New Zealand. She arrived in Wellington by the Tekapo from Sydney, and proceeded by that vessel to Christchurch, where it is understood she pur poses entering a convent. Her friends hoped to keep the poor girl's whereabouts, for ner own sake, secret, but the fact of her presence in this city has leaked out, and been publicly commented upon. A man named Smith, who was one of the principal witnesses for the prosecution, is also somewhere in the colony. A Doctor's Mistake.—A Melbourne paper mentions that a singular instance of mistaken diagnosis of a case by medical men was recently brongbt to light. The patient was Mrs. Best, a widow, who was caretaker of the State school in Vere- Btreet, Collingwood. Several weeks ago she became ill, and was attended by a medical gentleman, who con cluded that she was Buffering from typhoid fever. In acccrdance with law he re ported the case to the Health Offioer of the district, on whose suggestion the school was olosed lest the malady should be communicated to the pupils. In course of time the woman was admitted to the Mel bourne Hospital, where treatment foe typhoid fever waB continued nntil she died. Facts came to the knowledge of the Citv Coroner which caused him to have an examination made of the body. This re vealed the fact that death resulted from septicemia through an illegal operation. The police investigated the case, but as they found nothing to warrant their proceeding against any person for causing Mrs. Best's death, Dr. Youl thought that it was not ad visable to hold an inquest, and the body was interred. A Saddening Story.—A cruel story (says Thursday's Argus) was told at a Coroner's inquest yesterday. John Jackman had died in a cab while waiting admission to the Mel bourne Hospital. That was the beginning,, and but for the subsequent enquiry it would have been the end also, and " Poor devil!" might have closed the chapter. The matter,. however, coming into the hands of the Coroner, the question "How did he die?' was mooted, and thus the story of how he had lived for the past twelve months, and how, at last, he died at the hospital gates,. was fully and graphically told. Jackman had been a Bailor in his young days, and had served Queen and country in the navy. At the age oi 50 he waB found in a house in A'Beckett street, poor, widowed, alone, and siok. Bight months ago he received an injury which produced hernia, and on Saturday morning last he found himself in as distressed a condition as can well be imagined—help less, penniless, and instead of an angel of mercy, the bailiff at his door. No doctor came near him; he sat down with the bailiff. The impersonation of modern man's last distress beside, and the shadow of humanity's last relief close above. Almost as graphic a pictnre as— Death and Sin, Flajdng dice lor Eccelin. On Monday the bailiff sent for the police The police brought a cab, and Jackman was conveyed to the hospital gate, " I am dying,' he said, as the cab pulled up. " Let us in, in a hurry," said the constable. " We have no room," answered the hospital attendant; "ail full of typhoid patients." "We'll try the AlfredHoBpital," said the constable; "you, keep up your heart, we will not be long.' "Doesn't matter," whispered Jackman* "I'in—I'm ." "What's he say?" asked Constable X. " Don't know," answered Con stable Y., " bnt ring that telephone Jond he's bad." Back came the tinkle on the bell' and in a little while the answer in words— " No room; we're full—right up." And then ; the constables approached the cab again, and Constable X. looked in and said, " Don't know what we'll do with yon, mate: they're all full, theysayand he tonohed hiB hand kindly. "What's he say?" demanded Con stable Y. again, and Constable X. answered, "He don't say nothin', mate; he's dead." News from Fiji.—The local correspondent of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, writing nnder date January S, says:—''The esti mated revenue and expenditure for the year 1887, published in a late issne of our Govern ment Gazette, shows a depreciation of pros perity in onr colony. The actual revenue for 1885 was £76,668 19s, lOd.; the estimate for 1886 amounts to £84,575; that for 1887 now appears at £69,189, while the expenditure provided for exceeds the probable income by £10,000. In the matter of revenue the principal items are Customs dace set down at £30,000, and native taxes at £15,000. Concerning the latter, discussion has been very animated at times. The Fijian pays his Impost in produce, each province being as sessed according to its resources,: Tons, where the coooanut grows in profusion, copra is contributed; in other places sugar cane is grown for the adjacent mills; while in others maize, tobaooo, beche-de-mer, and 1 even timber from the forest have been ; levied. Petitions have been prepared by planters and commercial men asking j that this prodnoe assessment be converted | into a money tax, bo. that the native may not be employed daring the year in the cnltivation of his tax, bat may be free to sell j either his daily labour or the trait of the soil, j and thns be more at liberty to work for the ' white man. The Government, however, consider that their own .as well as the natives' interests are best served by the £ resent arrangement. Two great mistakes ave generally been- made by those who agitated against the adopted system. - In the first place, two sweeping assertions have been made,that the Government native tax policy has been the sole cause of the great depression from which we have, been suffering, and, secondly, the produce impost scheme has been blamed for actions and exactions which are a result of the chiefly custom called * lala.' It may be true that the pro uoe assessment has prevented some Fijiaus from engaging as Labourers on the planta tions, but the chiefs right to' lala' (which, I am told, has increased sinoe annexation)— i.e., command the people to build his houses, cultivate hie land, &o.;—has more to do with the prevention of freedom of action on the part of the native than the levying of the yearly contribution of copra, sngar-oane, bechede-mer, &c.; The Fijiana are ruled i through their chiefs, who are nominees of ! the Governor, their appointments in nearly j every case being based on hereditary laws of the land, and not from any ability dis played or discreet behaviour manifested. Without doubt this is the wisest policy under the circumstances, though there is a danger of the system becoming too feu dalists. The officials in charge and the Imperial Government consider the present Bcheme to be the only one in accord with the principle, 'Salus populi suprema est lex,' but I fear the result shown at times is in agreement with a slight alteration of the Snotation,' SaluB magistri suprema est lex.' ut this subject opens up a vast mine of tbonght, and I must stay my pen. Coming i back then to the matter of estimates I note a reduction in the salaries of several officials. First of all, the Governor u reduced from £4,000 to £3,000, amost sensible resolve; then other public servants who are in receipt of over £200 a year have the prospect before them | of from 5 per cent, to 10 per cent, being quietly subtracted from their stipends. A further item of interest is that of the public debt, which appears thus:—1. Loan Charges —£150,0001oan,intereBt£6,750 ; Sinking Fund, £1,500; £12,000 for Suva works; interest, £720. 2. Imperial Advances—£104,025 7s. lid., no interest; £10,000, no interest, making total estimated expenditure on public debt, £8,970." Sab Case of Suicide.—A Melbourne ex change states that a most distress ing case of suicide occurred on Saturday at Footscray, the daughter of Mr. Johnson, the local stationmaster, being the victim. At about 2 o'clock in the afternoon a noise was heard upstairs in the house of her parents, &b; if a picture had fallen, Mrs. Johnson went up to ascertain what it was, when she noticed that the door of her daughter's room was closed. She tried to open it, and found it locked. Mrs. Johnson | tben went into a room adjoining, the partition between the two not reaching to the ceiling. Placing some boxes on top of each other, she raised herself up about 9 feet, and looking over was horrified to seb her daughter lying across the bed with a stream of blood flowing from her mouth. She screamed out and her husband rushing upstairs soon burst open the door. It was then seen that a revolver was lying on the bed close to Miss Johnson, and that Bhe must have put the muzzle of the weapon into her mouth, and discharged it. She was not quite dead, but breathed her | last about a oouple of minutes after her father entered. Dr. Anderson was sent for, but, of course, oould render no assistance Not the slightest reason can be imagined as the cause of the tragedy, unleBS it be that the deceased's mind had become deranged by exceBsive mental application. She was very Btudious, and lived very close in her apartments, directing her atten tion more particularly towards foreign languages, five of which she had | mastered. No notes were discovered, although diligent search was made that would afford a clue as to the cause of the suicide, but an incomplete letter was found written by the deceased herself, addressed to a person at a distance on the subject of languages, i The deceased, who was 34 years of age, was the only daughter of Mr. Johnson, and was very highly accomplished. Although Miss Johnson had never evinced signs of mental ] aberration, it is curious to observe that Bhe probably some time since procured the re volver ana:cartridges for the purpose of taking her life, because the weapon did not belong to the house. Sergeant Butledge and Constable Smith made investigation, and found the revolver was a six-shooter, by Lefancheux, that there were two nnexploded cartridges in the chambers, and the cases of two exploded ones, a cnriouB circumstance being that while one of the latter was recently fired, the other had been discharged a long time ago. The police made an examination of the two rooms, and in that from which Mrs. Johnson looked over the partition they discovered in one of the boxes a box of car tridges, from which eight out of the fifty had been token. The cartridges fitted the revolver exactly. It was evident that juBt before taking her life Miss Johnson had been read ing the Bible, for it was on her table, lying open at that part of the Book of Job relating to the troubles and difficulties of man. Intercolonial Fire Bbigades' Tourna ment.—At the meeting of the Executive Committee at the United Fire Brigades Jubilee Tournament and Exhibition, held on Saturday ((says the Melbourne Daily Tele graph of February 14), the Seoretary stated that arrangements had been com pleted with the Railway Department for conveying the Fire Brigades to the tournament. Victoria will be repre sented by 44 metropolitan and 60 country brigades, New South Wales by 15 metro politan and 15 country brigades, South Aus tralia by 8 brigades, Tasmania, Queensland, and New Zealand by 1 brigade each, making a total of 145 brigades, which, with nearly 50 bands who are attached to the brigades, makes a grand total of 6,000 men. This large number does not represent the full strength of the United Fire Brigades of Australasia. In addition to the above, these brigades have an average of 6 men left behind at each fire station, ready for duty in case of fire, which represents nearly 1,000 more men, and allowing for brigades in New South Wales. Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand unable .to attend the tourna ment, the grand-roll-call of firemen in the Australian Colonies must amount to fully 10,000 in round numbers, a respectable army in itself.' The arrangements in connection with the tournament, which takes place on 24th, 25th, and 26th inet., are nearly com pleted, ana competent authorities say than this tournament abonld be the moat success ful and useful ever held in the colonies. The programme represents every class of fire work, and the prize- list .is the largest and best ever offered. A Clebgsman Charged with Aeson.— The Bev. EL H. Britten, incumbent of St. Ann's Anglican Church at Ryde, was charged . before Messrs. Maunsell, D.S.M., J. Farnell, DArdier, and Moses, at the Byde Police Court, with wilfully setting fire to St Ann's 1 Parsonage, The Sydney Daily Telegraph tape , the case was not completed, bnt the evidenoe taken went to show that a fire was dis covered at .the parsonage, and on the place being entered seven distinct fires were found burning in various parts of the house down stain. On examination of the premises the next day by the adjuster of claims tor the Phoenix tire Office, In which the house was insured, a quantity of the debris was found to be saturated with keroaine, and Mr. Britten suggested that the plaoe might have been set on fire by fireballs. Some days afterwards he produced some balls made of canvas and saturated with■■ kerosine, which he said he , found in the grpundB oi the, parsonage. It was given in evidence that just before the date of the. fire Mr, Britten purchased two 4-gallon tins of keroaine—one from a store keeper in Byde, and the other from a, store keeper in Parramatia. A peculiar circum stance which was brought out was that on the Sunday before the fire the communion plate belonging to the Charch, which 1b a valuable one, and which waa usually taken to the parsonage by Mr. Britten after the J service, was left at the Church for the whole of the week until it was discovered on the j following Friday by the verger. The Queenslahd Floods.— A private letter has been placed at the Argus's diapOBal, from the pen of a member of the Queensland | Legislative Assembly who was at Beenleigh, in the Logan district, daring the recent disastrous floods. The writer Bays" You have no.douht seen by the papers that por tions of Queensland have been devastated by heavy floods. The northern portion of this district has suffered the most, and the ruin is something awful. We had a lot of | rain, and every creek and gully was full, when we were treated with a steady, heavy downpour, 17 inches falling in twenty-four hours. The flood came down in the middle of the night, sweeping punts and boats away at once, bo that the unfortunate people had no immediate meanB of escape. The night was quite dark, the wind bio wmg a whole gale, and every now and again a crash, accompanied by the screams of women and children, told the agonized listeners on the higher ground that another house had gone and taken its inmates with it, No pen could adequately describe the appearance of the valley of the Logan and the Albert the next morning. The whole of the valley was covered with a surging, roaring, muddy body of water, which carried on itB surface carcasses of animalB, enormous uprooted trees, portions of houses, bridges, boats, and everything yon could think of connected with farming life. An iron bridge, of which the Railway Depart ment was very proud, was snapped off its cylinders like a carrot. A road bridge which etood 17 feet above the highest-known flood level was submerged, and yielding to the pressure of an enormous mass of logs and rubbish, was broken down, and_ Borne of it carried out to sea, 10 or 12 miles away. The farms are in an indescribable state ol ruin. Some have lost acres of land, which was tom away from the banks, others again have been bnried feet deep under worthless Band. One place I visited was riddled with gullies feet deep and yards wide. Fifty-eight lives in all were lost; and it seems wonder ful that the number was so small. The town ship and farming centre of Alberton is situated at the junction of the two rivers on low-lying ground, and there, of course, the loss has been heaviest. Fortunately, a small steamer, named the Fanny, was moored near there, and as soon as day broke commenced to rescue the people. She took thirty-five persons from the roof of an hotel at Yatala, and less than an hour afterwards the house turned over and went down the stream. All day long her brave crew, at the imminent | risk of their liveB, persevered in their efforts, and succeeded in saving about 100 persons and a lot of valuables. A Relief Fund has been started, and we are very busy distribut ing it. As you may imagine, it is a difficult matter to separate the bona-fide cases and the more or less fictitious oases of distress. But in any event we can do very little. Twenty thousand pounds would not place things as they were before the flood." The Gippslaxd Lakes.—The following account from an exchange will be instructive here by reason of the proposals made from time to time to improve the passage of the Murray-month" The most 'interesting public work which is now being proceeded with in Victoria iB certainly the attempted deep-water cnt into the Gfppdand Lakes, If the work is successful a new future is opened np for an extensive and fertile district, and not only that, bnt the experiment itself attracts attention. On the one hand are the lakes receiving the waters of half a dozen of the finest rivers in Victoria, and on the other hand is the sea, separated only by a narrow sandspit. Nothing seems easier at first than to out and to pile a waterway, and yet a little examination shows that no task can well be mere difficult, The overflow of the lakes into the ' sea is practically at the base of the bluff known as Jennings's Point, but though the so called Beeves River—the by-wash of the lakes—has often a great scour here, yet the huge rollers and the shifting sands of the Ninety-mile Beach are continually discom fiting the outrush. The entrance iB occa sionally reported as 'impassable' or as 'closed up, and then, after a period, the pent-np waters, eddying off from the inside bluff, will burst into the ocean at some other than the old spot. Nature works with v&Bt; forces here, and no one can say whether man can or cannot control their mighty and incessant conflict. Happily there is no difference of opinion amongst the engineers that, if a cut is' to be tried at all, it must be tried at the spot where the works are now in progress—that is, opposite the blnffi The Beeves River can be dammed at this point, and the whole sconr which the lakes can give can then be brought to bear to help in keeping the new channel open. Sir John Coode, who recommended the experiment, merely endorsed the opinion which had long ago been arrived at by onr own Publio Works Department. It is discouraging certainly to hear of 150 feet of the seawards piers being blown away by Friday's gale; for though the gale was heavy. yet finch winds have blown before, and will ( blow again. One report, however, is that the oonditions of the scheme have not been duly carried ont by the contractor. Sir John Coode insisted that the piers should be built in sections, each section being a chamber formed by closely driven pues, these chambers to be filled with stones, and the one ohamber to be filled before another was proceeded with. But the contractors, it is said, being short of stone, have pushed on the pier without waiting to fill the chambers behind them. If only nnballasted chambers have gone, why, no more was to be expected; if the weighted portion of the pier has suffered also, why, the prospect is black, very black, for the success of the great work of opening up the Gippsland water way." An Eventful Voyage.—The Bundaberg Times, Queensland, reports a singularly eventful trip of the brigantine Ariel, which had just put back to Bundaberg, after being in a terrible hurricane off the coast of New Caledonia:—"On January 5 one of the boys on board, who had been affected with con- i sumption, died; on the 7th when near Break sea Spit another boy died; on the 16th one | showed signs of insanity; on the 18th a gale | arose, ana one of the boat's crew (S.S.I;) named Uackay Paama, who was stationed en I the top of the galley, was washed overboard j by a heavy sea which was shipped; all the ! deckB were under water; the starboard boat | was carried away; the bulwarks were'Washed overboard, abo a tank of biscuits and a tank of water. The sea was running too high to attempt to save the man,and the vessel was kept before the sea, which threatened every v minute to sink her; at thesame moment the man at the wheel was washed up against the lee eide of the house, and another of the boat's crew was washed overboard, but he waB rescued by clinging to eome of the wreckage over the side. The Government Agent, with the assistance of the steward, pulled him up under the taffrail; some wreckage floating past most have struck him, and he let go. The Government Agent adds —*1 must give a word of praise to the way the j mate worked. He was up on deck for twenty-four houre, and :. directed every thing, the captain being ill and down ; below. The mate (Mr. Lewis) managed the ehip in a cool and seaman- I like manner, thus saving the ship and all aboard.' A native of Mallicolo named , Unmerit died of dropsy, and was buried | next day. The gale continued till 4 a.m. on the 19th. On the 20th the gale still continued. On the 22nd Captain Turner was ill with lever. Captain Turner expired on board the vessel of congestion of the lungs, and at the request of his relatives his body wot encased and forwarded by the steamer Polly to Mary borough for interment. He bad been seri ously unwell on his former trip, and was in a I delicate state of health on leaving here on j the last voyage." Fbee Trade v. Protection.—A writer in I the Gootamundra Herald says" At a time ] like the present, when our fiscal policy is the absorbing topic amongst politicians, the I following extract from President Cleveland'! message to the Legislature will be read with deep interest, as will also the comments thereon take from the New York Herald of December 7. President Cleveland eays :— 'Our farmers, too, and those engaged directly , and indirectly in supplying the productB of agriculture, eee that aav by day, and as often as the daily wants of their households re- ' cur, they are forced to pay excessive and needless taxation, while their products struggle in foreign markets with competi tion of nationB which, hy allowing a freer exchange of productions than j we permit, enable their people to sell for prices which distress the American farmer.' Commenting on the above the New York Herald eays' None (that is farmers) labour harder or more continuously than they. No enactments limit their hours of toil, and no interposition of the Government enhances to any great extent the value of J their products. And yet for many of the necessaries and comforts of life, which the most (scrupulous economy enables them to bring into their homes, and for their imple ments of husbandry, they are obliged to pay a price largely increased by an unnatural j profit which by the action of the Govern ment is given to the more favonred manufac turer.' These extracts are so full of powerful reasoning, supported by actual experience of the working of protection, comment from me would be superfluous." A Telephone Experience Meeting.— The Brisbane Chamber of Commerce have recently expressed the dissatisfaction felt in that city with regard to the telephone I system. The Chairman said they flew to the telephone when they were in a hurry, but very often the result was that they could not get a reply, and when they did they were very often switched on to the wrong person. Mr. A. J. (Carter suggested that a hospital j was required for the treatment of some of the instruments. Mr. Gill complained that boys were employed to do the work who thought it fun to humbug the people a little. Mr. De Winton remarked that the Postmaster-General had to isBue a circular forbidding the use of improper expressions through the instruments. The Chairman added that he had a telephone at his house I at Breakfast Creek, hut he was only able to use it once a week. Yet he had been rung ] up in the middle of the night and asked " When are you going to send the timber t" He conld understand bad language under such circumstances. He did not say the I officials should allow one man to abuse another. It would be better to let the men get together in euch cases. Mr. T. Unaok confessed he had been often tempted to use bad language at the telephone, but he found it better to have a padded corner near the instrument to relieve niB feelings upon, and he recommended the idea to the meeting. A deputation was appointed to wait on the authorities, 