Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 35. ? -++t ? WADDEE MUNDOOEE. ♦♦♦ ? By an Old Shepherd ' Hum I' said old Jaok, ' I'm getting rayther oldish, to be euro. Why its more nor fifty year ago sinoe I ran down Waddoe Mundooce ; moro nor fifty year' — And tho old man Bighed as he .dipped his pannioan into tho ' post and rails' bucket. Wo wore sitting in old Jaoks' hut on ? station on tho Goulburn. He was a sort of pensioned hand ot tho boss, having been ehephord with the ' old man' when ho took up the country first ot all, and novor dreamed of tho downjjldays ot free selection and ' oooky' (armors. All Jaok was Buppospd to do was to shoot crows, and trap an ocoasional rabbit. For this he received goo* lodging, station fare, and as much tobacco as he wanted — with an occasional run into Moo roopna to 'bust up' a oouploof pounds among the publicans. Jaok was in a oommunioative mood this evening. Perhaps this faot was, in somo sort to bo conneotod with the oiroumatanoo that I had propitiated him with a bottle of rum. I wanted to camp that night in Jack's hut and had aomo provided with tho most artful persuader I know of. For it Jack loved anything under the sky, it was a tot or two of good station rum— stuff, as ho would Bay, that mado your hair grow, and whioh moat certainly skinned the throat of any noviaa swallowing a glass tor tho first time. . . 11 Waddeo Mundoooo,' said I, ' tako anothor tot Jack. Who was Waddee Mundoooo? a queer name that.' Jack emiled with an air ol superior infor mation. ' Ah I you never w»b in hiB country. Ho was a nigger waa Waddee— and a tiger. A rogular varmoht ot a black, thongh ho did ' havo a wooden leg.' ' A wooden leg Jaok 1' ' All— a woodoa leg. Ho had one shot off. But what o1 that I Ho oould givo any feller with (wo Bound logs, tho so by, He UBod to take a hop, skip, and a jump with a longpole bs ha had, shod with a iron epike. I've known him run down a forreBter — yes a big buck kangaroo. Talk of yor bioyoles, bah 1 Waddeo oould ha givon em any amount ot start.' 'Well, well, you surprise me. And you know him, fifty years ago.' . ' More nor fifty year ago,' aald the old man impressively ; ' when this hare oountry warn't settled, and whero there's towna, and oities, and railways in Now South Wales, waa what you oall the baok blocks. I'm talkin' of tho time when tho Gwydir oountry was took up by Keith Collins and that lot. . More than fifty year ago. Ah, well— timo waits for none of us mate' — and old Jaok took another dip in his pannioan. ' But this here Waddoo Mundooee as I was talkin1 about was a real wuaser. There was no tamin' ot him. Other blaokB 'd oome in and loaf around tho stations, but not Waddeo. Yo see he'd sworn vengeance on the whito feller. In tho early times, an old convict hut-/ keeper— mind yer, Jwns novor a lag : I was a soger,_mato— ho'd pisoned thirty or forty poor devils, as had oamped near Bronnan's station on tho Burdokin. Yes, they was a nopaanoe no doubt, coming round tha hut bogging for a ' plower' as they called it, and baooa. But to pison 'em off like dingoes was rather too strong. However, Bob Taylor ono morning, bein' in a devil's own temper mixes up a lot of arsenic and flour, and bakes a heap 'o johnny cakes, which he gives to the gins as oamo loafin' around. Boforo the sun set, as I've heard, thoro was over thirty men, gins, inbraB, and piooaninnios' lying dead on the banks of tho oreek. Thoy say Bob watobed 'em as they rolled about afoie they died soroaming and orying : and that' ho laughed and called it good fun. But mobbo that wasn't true. There was a bother about it, and Bob near got his kick off at Sydney, but a lawyer pnllod him through. Then ho wont baok to the station, for tbo boss was a tiger and qnite backed up old Bob 1n what he'd done. Ah I—' and hera Jaok paused and looked meditatively into the firo, . ' I've seen somo bloody work mate, among the blocks— seen 'em shot for sport, jest as you'd pot a kangaroo; seen the lubraa rounded up as yon'd round up bullooks, and used as you may guess by young fellers as oalled 'emaelves gentleman and Christians, and would ha1 Boon o' thought ot killing a whito man as ot killing themselves. But blaoks was no ao oount in thoir eyes, and I once see a mission ary ohap run oft a Btation lot saying that in God's oyes a blaok wob as good as a white. They called it blasphemy, they did, and gave the preaoher tho run.' However to get on with my yarn, whon Bob the lag, pisonod tho blaoks as I've told ye, he didn't know I fanoy, that thoy b'longed to Waddee Mundooee's tribe. I( he bad, I think he'd ha' though twice, beoos Waddee waa a terror. He never forgave an injury, and quite a number of shepherds and hut keepers had reason to know it. You may bo sure then that he aworo vongeanoo agin Bob. But Bob was pretty safe, for ho was cook and hut-keeper at the home station whero there was always a lot of hands, and where all niggors for miles around waa kept off with the musket. But Rome of us was suro that sooner or later Waddeo would nab Bob, and then— well Bob would get his gruel. ' Well bo it came. Ono day Bob got hold of a bottle of mm and goes down to tho oreek and Bets to work to finish it off all by him self. ' He didn't turn up at supper time, and the ohaps went out to look for him, and fonnd him. Ho was a Bight. ' There was a stiok wedged in [his mouth, hiB eyes was gouged out ; his two hands was chopped oft and his legs was broke with blows of a toma hawk. He was alive and that's all, and all ho was able to whisper was, ' Waddee Mun dooee.' Then ho orokod. ' Well nobody was over and above fond ot old Bob. Ho was a Burly Bavage sort o' ohap, and that pisoning sort of business wasn't gen'rally relished by the ohaps. But if they didn't like Bob they wasn't a bit took with ?Waddee Mundooee. Soon aa they'd put the old man in his grave, half a dozen of tho hands on horseback and well armed, went out to find Mr. Waddee, and settle his business. Thoy took up his traoka easy — they wero traaks you couldn't make no mistake about— Waddeo having only one foot, and a long polo serving for the other. Yes, there was no mistaking Waddee'a tracks, even without a blaok boy to mark 'em, whioh they had— a Moreton Bay boy, as waa Btook-riding on the station, Thnv run rtnwn thn frnnUn in ft Minm nf waterholos, and through oomo dry Bwamp land on t'other Bide. They followed 'em up to the foot of a mountain ridge whioh ran up sheer with roolta three hundred feet high. Hero tho blaokboy brought up. Ho jumped down from his horse, and looked on the ground ; then be ran up to the face of tho rook, and with oyes starting from hia head, stared at it, emelt it, and shuddered. 'Baal that feller Waddeo Mundooee, man. No f oar debbil, debbil. See him go along up all same snake, and the boy pointed to a narrow ridgo such aB a possum could hardly olimb up. Tho chaps followed this traok with thoir eyea. 'Hi 1— thero him— all along stand on top look out.' And the boy ran right nnder tho rook. ' At the Bamo moment a spear, launohod from above, was driven through the arm of one ot the men. ' . 'There was a souttlo to_get but of range. I believe that moat thero b*ad some hankorin' belief that Waddee was a sort o* devil. He'd done suoh rum things, and oould travel so fast, that he'd be heard of almost in one place as soon as another, that' the yarns of the black boys about him being a ' debbil debbil' was Bomohow believed by a lot of Btation hands. Anyway, theso chaps ran out of range, and then turned to look at tha old chap as ho stood on top of the rook, on one leg, and leaning on his staff, while in hia loft hand ho held two or three spears. 11 Try him with a shot,' says the. wounded man. ' Dash him 1 he's Bottled my arm — ' They had run tho spear through and ban daged up the wound, but the chap felt the pain bo great, that ho mado sure ho was bound to lose his arm. 'Woll— bo thoy told me— thoy Bhot at Waddeo until all thoir powder and bullets waa gone. No one oould hit tho old ohap, who gammoned to oatoh the balls, and danced, and yelled a hurrioano. I expeot thoy was out o' range, although none of 'cm would over allow that. They all had it, that the old obap was what they loall invulnerble, and that no bullet 'ocpt a silver one, 'd ever cook Waddee Mundooee. ' Howsoever, Waddeo was no more invnl nerblo than I am. Some years aftor thiB I was searohing Homo sorub land on the Bur nett for some snoop as I'd missed whon the dogs began to bark in a way aa I knew didn't mean they'd found the sheep. I tol lers up carefully, and, sadden like, oomes on an old wurley eot up agin a big box tree. And thoro, lying on a raggod 'possum rug, was my noble Waddeo Mundooeo. But thero wasn't nothin' to fear from him now. Ho was oome to his last. As ho looked up at mo, a firo like, came in hiB oyen, and ho made a move for hia waddy ; but he know it was no good, and ho olosed his eyes and jabbors something in his own lingo. He was thin and wasted like, and I guessed he was starved. I etoopa down and lifts him up, and I reckon ho thought I was goin' to finish him— hOvfilared defiant '.like. And whon I pdursm mouthful of cold toa, as I had in a blllyKjlown hiB throat, he looked real an tonlahcd, and muttered Bomething. ' By-and-byo I-igot tho poor dovil round a bit. IlU a fire, .whioh doomed to trighton him, bull told him; in broken ..blaok lingo thai thoto wasn't nofoody near. Them I made htm dome hot toe, and euro him a tatto o' damper and a bit 6' salt mutton I had along with me. And while he ate— ho was starv ing— ha looks at me aa it he oouldn't tako it in as a reality, anyhow. 'Well I found that the poor beggar was eat op with rhoumatios. Ho waa Old too, and an I examined hiB poor old oaroas, I found aa many wound marks on it as there was dirt. Ho smiled when I looked at a great soar on his breast. 'Big fellor white man— plenty ''— and he mtido a sign of striking. 'Mo kill him all aame,' and he laughod. I thought to myself that artcr all this old ohap was only actin' aooording to his lights, as the parsons eay. Anyhow I oould see no more harm in bis spearin' whitejmen than white men Bbooting blaok. You see I'd been a soger and in tho army one learns to look at things different like. ' Well I did what I oould for tho poor old heathen. My hut wasn't over two miles away and I generally managed to got over to seo Waddee two or three times a week. I got Bomo turpentine from the home station, and robbed his rheumatio legs, and he got. abont a little. But I saw his timo was about oomo, and ho knew it too. I tell yo it used to make me feel soft like, as ho sat orooning over tho littlo fire, and thinking I dare Bay, of the gay old 'times when he was strong and hearty. ' White feller,'.Baid he to me one day.turn ing his dark oyes upon me, (jest liko ooals of fire they was). ' Two days ' — he held up two fingers — ' Waddeo Mnndooee go up along a there,' pointing to the aky. ' You good feller. Some day, me jump op along white man, come along a yon.' 'All right, Waddoe,' says I, 'I shall be glad to see you.' He wont on. — ' Along a oreek yon go for Waddee Mun dooee,' Baid ho, soft liko. ' Good feller you. Come along thirty mile, blaok feller's oamp sit down. You tell 'era Waddeo all along die. Show 'em this. They oome take away this,' and he glanood at his shrivelled old body. ' Yon go— please ?' and I couldn't say no. I left him right away, and gets on my horse, and yards the shoep, and leaves tho dogs, and away I went. I knew whereabouts tho oamp was, but I shouldn't ha1 ventured into it if Waddee hadn't given me his old staff. And sure enough when I rode in and showed this, thoy all seemed to understand, and the old women and lubras began to oroon their doath Bongs. Whon I'd 'dolivered my message I went baok to my hut. Next afternoon a runner oamo from Waddee to say he wanted to see mo. I goes down, and there was the old ohap propped up, dressed out in somo blaok'a fixings, his spoars and weapons around him, and .bio fellor countrymen seated in a circle. Whon he Baw mo, he smiled. I bent down. Ho took my hand, prosBod it weak like agin hia soarrod breast, and says he, — 'Carbon good feller— this. Good feller, white feller — some timo jump up along — ' And tbon, blest if he didn't die off suddent with hiB eyes fixed, like a dog's, on me.' Old Jaok paused here to refresh himself. Then ho began to smoke violently. ' That's all then, Jaok,' said I. ' Yes, that's all. It ain't muoh ot a yarn, but it goes to show, don't it, that the devil's not so blaok as he's painted 1 It's timo to turn in.' Three Very Old Stories.— At a rcooption to Rev. Dr. Seward, in New Britain, Conn., recently, reruinsoonoos were in order. It was said that Dr. Seward insisted, whon appointed pastor in 1836, that ho should not be oalled upon for moro than two publio cervices each Sunday; that one member of the churoh shortly afterward prayed that the pastor would roooive graoo to preach in tho morning and afternoon, and, 'if his strength held out he might oontinue in the evening.' Dr. Beward told of receiving a bushel of turnips once for marrying a ooupio, and some years later the bridegroom appeared and passed out £2 10a. saying— ' My wife has turned out so well that I feol justified in this expenditure.' A man once oamo into a ohuroh late, and started, with squeaky boots, to walk the wholo length ot a ride gallery, when an ex change pastor stopped suddenly in bis prayer, opened his eyes, and, pointing a long 'finger at tho disturber, Baid, — ' You oit down right whero you aro 1' Ho then went on and finished his prayer. Useful Dogs.— The British Government has deoided to remit tho tax on dogs employed on the south coast of dovon. Theso animals perform tho novel work of catching hold of a rope thrown from fiBhemen's boats. They bring it ashore, and the poople who aro waiting there are able to haul in the boat through the surf. The rooky coast prevents fishermen from pulling the boat ashore with out the dogs, who have to be trained to the work, whioh is extremely risky. The world, it ever it is to be reformed by men and through men, oan only be so by the personal intercourse ot living men, living epistles, not dead ones, Love, meoknoss, kindness, forbearance, and unselfishness, manifested in human souls uttering them selves by word, look, and deed oan alono re. generate men. The True Story of Jim, We had laid up that night on the Platte River. Mr. Colby, tho Sheriff, of Arapahe ? County, had come down to Chuff's ranch in search of jorora, and, seeing a party of Eastern tourists oamped near by, had walked over to make our acquaintance. - Ho was bo fresh and breezy and withal, so genial and gentlemanly, ho had euoh an air ot being master of the situation and himself that we were all of us glad when he aooopted our oommissarv's invitation to remain and bud with us. After toa wo gaily assembled around tho roaring oamp fire, and for awhile wit and laughter winged the happy time. But, as the twilight deepened, tho gusty talk blew over, silence fell upon ua with tho night. Our shepherd, for onoe unmindful ot the tender lambs he bad led forth into the wildoruoas, was epated astride a waggon tongue, pensively greasing his boots. Tho commissary had folded tho map of Colorado, and, dumb as a door nail, had slid bimsolf down from the bumpy log, on whioh ho had beon for eomo timo a roatloaa sufforor. Even Philomel, the eoul and genius of our party, had, for a sea eon, turned the key upon wit and song. Graoofully throned on her hand-trunk, sho watahed, in Bilonoe, the bright and happy sparks that danced a oarmagnoleaB they rose, light-footod, from tho orange flames. All was quiot upon the Platte; tho tongues of the waggons wero not moro silent than ours. The Sheriff of Araphoo was tho first to break tho spell. ' I started in to toll you,' he eaid, ' the true story of Jim while we were at supper, but I struok a snag in tho shape of a flapjack and didn't got on with it.' ' It's uot too late tot it yet,' said the com mlesary. 'Well,' continued Mr. Colby, 'twonty yoareegol was stopping at Hard-up, Oal., ttvina to dig my fortune out of a mino there. In the town was a one-horeo lawyer named Smith Johnson, who was about the biggest tot iu all the diggin'o round. And Smith bad a son named Jim— a red- haired, f rooklod fooo littlo 10-year old saamp who was tho terror of all the hen roosta and gardona in tho town, Tho way I won Jim's heart was thia. I bad a water-melon patch that was, if you'll forgive the figure, the applo of my cyo. One evening I walked forth into my garden to view it, and what should I see In the mlddlo of it but that skooBios, Jim, letting into' ono of my water melons as lively m a mole. Up I oamo in tha ro.ir and gatherod up Jim by the walat-band, nhoreat, flndins hia littlo ganio was blooksd, ho ooniinsnwd to wiggle end howl, ' ' Let mo go,' said he. ? I won't oome here no more. Plca»o lot wo go, Mr. Colby;' ' 'Oh, you young soamp,' said I. ' I've got yon now and I think I'll keep yon. I find it's very safe to punish these bad boys that are bo ready to bo good when they're caught. Do you know what I'm going to do with you?' said I, giving him a final shako and ' dotting him up on his pins. 'I'm going to send you'to jail.' ? ? ., ? ? ' ' Oh, please, Mr. Colby, give mo a whippin' an' lot mo go.' ''No, I haven't any right to whip yon, but I'm obliged by the law to Bend yon to jail, and I can tell you a jail is an awful place. . There's rate thero I1 . ? . . ' ' ' Oh-o,' groaned Jim. ' ' And Bometimos in tho night they gnaw oil your toes.' '.'Pleasa, Mr. Colby,' whined Jim. ' : ' * And yonr nose,' said I, 'and yon have to go to bed without any candle, and you ? oan't play poker, and thoy do ray that the ghosts of tho people that were there before and got hung for stealing watermelons oome baok at midnight and mako a dreadful noiso. Oh, I can tell you, it's no fun to go to jail.' ' Well tatter I'had chaffed tho littlo aoamp long enough, I gava him a sermon on the' . moral law and let him go with nothing worse than fright, but, after that, Btrango to Bay, rV Jim and I wore cheek by jowl. V ?,* ' Some timo after tho watermelon fraons','' j continued Mr. Oolby, 'I was going up the gulch to Soooptown whon I saw, on the dido ot the hill, tho traoks of tbo Vigilonoe Comi , mittoe. Thoy were threo -road agents that had been tried and hang the day beforo and left suspended from tho branoh of a tre'o to strike terror into the heart ot evil doors. Well, thoro waa a mob nf boys ronnd this monument of justice, and they were divert ing themselves with running down tho hill and swinging tho luckless road agents to tho breezo. Jim was jnst receiving the cheers of the orowd for sending his man up to tho branches, whore he had lodged a minute bo fore he oamo down, when ho spied mo in the road and came to meet mo. . ''Yer see, Mr.- Colby,' ho began, in a rathor deprecatory voioo, ' I didn't eeo no use in them throo thieves loai'in' on that branch without being any use to themselves nor no body else, so I just sot them up in business. And now I've oomo down to aak whether you've saw an old whisky barrel on lega abont hero.' ' \- ''A whiaky barrel 7' ' said I. 'Wby,no, Jim. What do you mean ?'' v ' ' Ob, I mean tho old 'un, of oourae. He's gettin' most unoommon bad lately.' ' Jim,' said I, ? did yon nevor hoar about honoring your father?' ''Honor that old sardinol He! ha I Keally an' aotually now that's a good 'un. You'd Have sommersetted out o1 yer skin to have seen that old ooon last night. I oome home, goin' on to 11, whon he heered some-' thin1 rattlin 'round, an' he riz up.and when ho seed me, one leg out and one leg in, he says, says he, ' Jim, whar've yoa been ?' an' I Bays, Bays I, ' I've been down to the Silver Tooth.' ' 'Then,1 Bays he, ' an' what was you doin1 thar?' ''I was playin' a little game of poker,' said I. ' ' Did you mako anythin', Jim V Bays he. ' ' Yas, air,' says I. ? I won three pounds.' Then there oome a big thaw in hia voioa, an' he Bays, Bays ho, (meltin' like), 'James Madison, my aon, tafce that thar jug that's at the head ot thia bed and step right round to old Shorty's and git me a gallon of fust-olasa benzine,' says he. ' ' But I loat it all acin. fathar .' aavn T. ' Woll, Bir, he rared up in bed, an' Bays he. 'You little soamp, et I oatoh yon round td the Silver Tooth agin I'll take the hide an' hair off yor. Hain't you got nothin' batter to do than to spend your poor old father's last red a-gamblin' an' disgraoin'. of yer family ?' saya he, buBtin' out crying' liko aa though he'd jest buried hiB demijohn. At this point in his narrative Mr. Colby, paused. 'The sequel I' oried Philomel. ' Let's hoar how Jim wound up. ' I left Hard-up,' roaumed Mr. Oolby, 11 about two years after I first met Jim. Three' years later I happened to bo in Virginia City, and one day while thoro, as I wan doming out ot tho barber's shop, who should walk up but Jim himBelf. ' Why, Jim,' said I, ' where'd you oomo from 1 and whero'd you get all those good olothes?' ' ' Them clothes,' said Jim, 'why I did a merchant tailor out o' thorn olothos, I oharged 'em to the old man. That's a good un, ain't it ? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't comeout as a reformed individual, anal it was positively necessary to get some re formed toggery.' ' How did you get reformed, Jim ?' said I ' Well, you Bee, Mr. Colby, father and I oome over here about two years ago, and as soon as I coma I took hold of a lot* of boys, hero who didn't have nobody to teaob 'em to be as bad as they wanted to be, an' I thought it was a pity to see so muoh talent going to waste, so I organised 'em into a gang ol theivea. Well, Bir, I oan tell you we did a pretty lively buciness, bnt one Sunday Bishop Tnttln wan riinnin' thn 'Pisaonnl outfit in thai meetin' house over there, and I jist thought I'd go in. Now I couldn't tell yer, tosavo my ekin, what he said to the crowd. (Beloved brethren ho called 'em), but, byjing, when I oome out I just set down on a dry goods box. wad! heftun to JurnJth!o£-QTOtamv.ininAv - an' I says to myself : ? The way you are goin' on, Jim, you'll be in the penitentiary beforo you're a man ; you'll just havo to turn in an' reform.1 So I went an' got those here alothes an' now I'm printing for my livin' in the En terprise office. Do you think, Mr. Colby, if a boy like mo turned square 'ronnd ho oould de any good?' ' ' Jim,' I said, ' a boy like you oan do what heplensoa.' Well, I talked to hhn a long while, and when wo parted the mist that bad been gathering in his eyes foil down in rain,- ... I have nover aeon Jim ainae, but last winter :£: ' read in a Nevada paper that tbe Hon.f. James.*, Madiaon Johnson had boen eleoted Speaker ot ' the Houao of Representatives. ':..'! .*' A Mere Accident.— In searching for gold in tho mining regions, mon sometimes hunt months and months before they find gold in any quantity. Thoy find juat enough to mako thorn hopo that next day, or week, or month, thoy will find enough to mako them wealthy. Often it ia the merest apoi dent that makea the gold visible. One ot tho Westorn papers gives an aooount ot the way in whioh the proprietor discovered the gold whore the mining oarup Esraoralda is now looated. The vein is what the miners oall ' a blind ledgo ;' that is, thero is nothing on on the surtaao ot tho ground to lead ono to think that gold was benoath the surfaco. Ono day the proBpoctor Baw a maea of doaompoaod quarta mingled with Borao dirt that had boen Boratohod out by ground-squirrels whon dig ging holes in the Bide of tho hill. He ex amined the quartz oarofully, and doaidod to Jollow tho holes dug by the squrrol. He found the vein, and now a rioh mining oamp is looatod whoro the cquirrola dug tho holes showing tho way to tho gold. Her Social Position.— Tho Roman woman is thought to havo received muoh training, in the firat two oonturiea, through tho great numbor ot Beoret sooietieo exiating.' The burial inscriptions show that uho bora an Important part in tbeeol and oven held offloo in Bomo of tho municipalities. Her moral character at thia time, however, did not stand very high, it wo may trust tha his. ' torlana and eatiriuta. 