Bursting up Burton. ? To tick Editob.— Sib,— Tho Telegraph of the 7th. instant contains a letter from Mr. Henry Burton. Nothing is easier than to answer the vurious difficulties raised by your correspondent on the subject of statements mado by myself relative to the comparative position of' Victoria and New South Wales. Mr. Burton, appa reutlv. has followed the controvGi'Rv in Svdnav. which' my pamphlet brought about, for he quotes a statement mado by one critic, to tho effect that in one table— that respecting loans — I had nindo an error of £16,000,000. I will be charitable enough to Mr. Burton to supposo that he did not see the Sydney Mail!/ Telegraph of August 28, which contained copy of a lettor addressed to myself by our Government 'statistician,' in which Iio said that tho figures given by myself were correct. The same critic also disputed my figures of imports and exports, but these wero certified to bo correct by tho secretary of the Australian Mutual Providont Association, a well-known notuury. Indeed, spite of all the hot controversy and 'koon examination by my opponents, the fuots and figures I put forward remain absolutely un shaken. Mr. Burton affirms that. Now South Wules ' to inoke a show of manufacturing in dustry' adds the number of agricultural im plements to thoso of the factories. Permit me ?respectfully to deny this. The Now South' Wales returns; which I used, are quite ns trust worthy as tho Victorian. Tho total of New , South Wales 'manufactories, works, &c;,' quoted- by me are 3,012, and this being the caso, what excuse caii Mr. Burton have for talking about 17,000 maohines being included in the total ? It is quite true that in the past the Now South Wales returns wero carelessly made up, and that machino manufactories were added together in certain tables, but it istruo that I myself in an article in tho Sydney Morning Herald, April 8th, 18S5, pointed out the fau'ti ness of this table. It is now rootified, and there is not even tho ghost of an oxouso for Mr. Burton's statement. Look at another state ment: ' Victoria has wisely produced for her self, giving employment to her own pooplo. .... Now South Wales has dono the reveree.' How can Mr. Burton make suoh a statement when tho faots aro notoriously tho vc-iy opposite ? Victoria has not given em ployment to her own people, for, tons of thouEunds of men in tho primo of life havo loft that colony, whilst .Now South. Wales has not only employed her own peoplo but theso thousands of Viotorians nh-o. Thisisno mero idle talk. It is faot, vouched for by Mr. :Hayter, tho Viotoriun statistiqinn, who says the scaroity of. men at tho prime of lifo is tho weakest point in tho population returns of Victoria. The value of property, in tho .two colonies I gave as £197,028,429NewSouth.Walesand£116,283,570 Victoria. Becauso tho great bulk of the Now South Wales valuo is outbido municipalities, Mr. .Burton is polite enough to Bay tho figures '' must be fnlEo.' I presume he does not know that whilst all Victoria — all but about 2 per cent.— is under looal government, in Now Sonth Wales a local government bill has yet to bo introduced. This ia tho explanation of figures which, becauso of Mr. Burton's own ignorance, ho puts down as falsehoods. I am told that I pusscd over tho faot that Now South Wales has a dofioit of £2,600,900 and Victoria.a Burplus o! £250,000. Horo, again, Mr. Burton is all at sea. If ho will kindly refer to pugo 49 of tho pamphlet he will find tho following: 'Our deficit is a dooidedly serious matter, but whilo our income very largely exceeds that of Victoria, wo havo nothing to cry about except oar own folly in wasting our wealth. If John has a business that yields £GOU a year, and James ono thut yields. £700, it would b6 very stupid for mo to say that John's was tho more profitable busi ness because James had contracted spendthrift habits. Similarly I can 6ee.no reason for pre ferring the smaller revenuo of Viotoria to tho larger revenuo of Now South Wales.' If in ?1886 we had spent no more money than Vio toria, wo ehould havo had a surplus of £1,000,000 'sterling. . But I should like to ask how* on earth the wisdom or foolishness o: a fiscal policy can bo judged on theBO'linoB? ' ? ' ' :?'' ' I ' ? ?' ' ': ?? ' ??:; ??? ???'? ',- ??! '.'?'''?/ I oannot think how Mr. Burton oan oxouso himself for his statement relative to my tables respecting pressure of tariff taxation in tho two colonies. Beoause tho rovonuo is lighter in Victoria ho affirms that tho tariff taxation must also bo lighter. Ho appears to wilfully shut his eyes to tho faot which I brought out, namely, that an onormous sum was collected overy year in Victoria by tho protected industries which as truly came, out of tho pockets of tho Victorians as did tho money paid at tho Custom-house. Protectionists aro always asking for dutios to bo imposed, but they will not confess that thoy mnko tho public pay those duties whenever thoy got tho chance, therefore it is quite in tho natural order of things for Mr. Burton to ask us to think that tho Victorians pay nothing beyond tho monoys received by tho Customs. I put the charges resulting from tariff taxation nt £4,374,073. in Victoria aguinst only £2,561,276 in Now South Wales. Mr. Burton tolls us that tho amount of bank deposits and number of depositors is far ahead of those iu Nob1 South Wales. Taking savings banks tilone tho amount de posited is larger in Now South Wales, whilst tho number of depositors is smaller. As to ordinary bank deposits tho amount is larger in Victoria. I have pointed out several times that bank deposits r.ro often nn evidenco of dull times, and that peoplo prefer to trado with their money when they can do so with advan tage rather than deposit it in banks for a small return. Consequently bank deposits takon alono aro on unsafe guide. Fuither it must be remembered that deposits represent wealth, rather than form actual wealth. Thus ono man may deposit £1,000 in a bank and another man may borrow it to pay for a house; then, tho houso is tho wealth, and that alone. With referenco to ' tho increase v of tho population in New ; South Wales, Mr. Burton would have us: think that tho determining factor in this matter has been tho fact of the existence of a system of assisted immigration. If, however, ho will turn to tho statistics of tho colony ho will- find that during tho 20 years, 1867—1886, tho average yoarly numbor of immigrants who arrived nt tho public oxpenso wns only 2,803, which forms a small portion only of tho total increase. Indeed, thoso who camo here from Victoria formed a much larger body than thoso whose passago from England was provided for, wholly or in part. Mr. Burton can Eee nothing in the much largor figures of telegrams and letters despatched in Now South Wales. To him they have no voice: to me, and I think to others also, they speak of a greater commercial activity. Mr. ^Burton con nleo see nothing in the fact that thero is a greater consumption of luxuries per head in New South Wales than in Victoria, except that it argues that the Victorians save more money. I scarcely need argue this point, especially as it is proved, clearly proved, that (here is less wealth in Victoria than in Now South Wale's. Your readers are informed that I parade ' tho lower wages of a fow hundred Government officials (in Viotoria) as a proof (of this) New South Wales wage superiority,' and carefully avoid reference to tho higher wages in her industries. It is something that Mr. Burton admits Iho faot of lower wages even for ' a few hundred ' men. But if Mr. Burton is a man of general information, he must be well aware of tho fact that the rail way employes in both Now South Wales and Victoria are numbered by thousands. And thc-ro is no getting over tho fact that in Victoria thousands of men work in tho Government ser vico for wages which, if proposed in Now South Wales, would bring about a general strike. As to fho /'higher wages in industries' that Mr. Burton speaks of, they simply do iiot exist. It is ridiculous to supposo that if they could be obtained thousands of men would work — as they now do — at 5s. a day in tho paradise of protec tion.— Yours, &e.;, Edward Pulsford. Sydney, November 25. 