SOCIAL, THEATRICAL AND SPORTING. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 14, 1887. The main object of the "mashing earl" in visiting Australia and New Zealand is not, I am told, to ensnare with his manly beauty the young affections of a wealthy squatter's daughter, but—mark the mag nitude of the enterprise—to go a whaling. Lord Cairns must above all things be unique. To do as other men do is his abhorrence. He scorns lions, tigers, bison, and such small game. When his lordship hunts it will be the mighty leviathan of *U—the whale. Cetaceans are reputed to be, as the song says, " all very fine and large" off the coast of New Guinea, and thither after " doing the colonies" the noble lord wDI, it is said, make his way. Lady Colin Campbell is very wroth over the reports in the papers about her *' going on the stage," singing at music halls, Ac. Her ladyship quite overlooks the fact that she provokes them by forcing herself so continually en evidence. One day we read of " Lady Colin Camp bell performing at an Bast-End charity," the next that" Lady Colin Campbell sang hymns at Limehouse the previous even ing," and the next that Lady Colin Campbell was " the cynosure of all eyes" at the private view of the Grosvenor Gal lery Exhibition. ? Cynosure of all eyes" is after all a very mild way of describing the way her ladyship was mobbed at the Grosvenor. Most women would have fled (at least I hope so) from such an otdeaL Lady Colin endured, if she didn't enjoy it, with the utmost composure. Her ladyship was, I am told, beautifully dressed and wore two diamond ear-rings (single drops) that must have cost some body a pretty penny. Sirs. Conover, the sprightly lessee of the Olympic Theatre, alarmed by the rumor that Lady Colin Campbell meant to become an actress, has sent around an epistle which will raise a pretty to do should any of the Bloods happen to hear of it. Mrs. C. protests against the stage becoming the happy hunting-ground of ladies who have committed social euidde, and suggests that professional actresses who respect themselves should refute to associate in any shape or form with such female outlaws. (N.B. —"Female outlaws" is distinctly good.) The death of Serjeant Bailantine re calls the sensation which the announce ment some years back that he was going to publish a volume of reminiscences created. There never was a man more "behind the scenes" of the London criminal, social, and theatrical worlds than the Serjeant. When he chose to talk he could tell the most extraordinary stories, especially in connection with cer tain tames eclebres, and expectation naturally ran high with regard to his autobiography. But the book proved a disappointment in many respects. It was interesting in a vapid sort of way, and (as was inevitable) had a gigantic sale, but to those who knew what the Serjeant was capable of it seemed watery sort of stuff. According to report he has left behind him material for a work of a vastly more entertaining kind, though whether it will be thought policy to publish the whole at present remains to be seen. In his "Reminiscences" the Serjeant was conspicuously reticent as to his relations with the notorious " Claimant." A large portion of the memoranda he leaves have, I hear, reference to the Tichborne case, and also to two famous criminal trials in which he was concerned. The late Anthony Trollope had a great belief in Bailantine as an advocate, and introduced him into several of his novels as " Mr. Chaffunbrass." He figures pro minently in "Orley Farm," if I re member rightly. The financial success of Ballantine's first book induced him to publish another, .describing a lecturing tour he took in the United States. It was a sad falling-off even from the " Remi niscences ;" but he had lived hard, and for the last few years of his life suffered much. The most notable feature of the " Era " Almanac, published on Monday last, is a aeries of autograph letters (executed in fac- simile)fromfamous actors and actresses in answer to the editor's (Mr. Ledger's) question, " What is the most nfrrilHng incident in your professional experience?" The Dally Neics quotes as follows some of the many Interesting answers:—Mr. Irving, whose humor ft is to take the question in a matter-of- fact fashion, replies that rt?? most striking mni^Mit he can remember was when "the slote," in ?'Faust," "struck him on the breast instead of carrying him up into the flies." Mrs. Bancroft is reminded of how once die hurriedly directed a cabman to drive her down to "The Prince of Wales's," and being preoccupied and anxious about a new piece then in rehearsal never observed tie route he was taking till she was deposited at the doors of Marlborough. House. Mr. Pmero, who dignifies all his abstract nouns with capital initial letters, is fain to remember that he played Salarino in "The Merchant of Venice," "one of the most wretchedly depressing parts in the drama," on 250 consecutive nights at the Lyceum. Theatre. " I add," he continues, " with Pride that I acted the part with the same Earnestness, Absorption, and Zeal on the last as on the £r?t sight. All my intervening perfor mances, however, were extremely care less." Mr. Terriss describes—or rather assures us that he cannot describe —his feelings when one night -while he was playing Laertes at the Lyceum he fVwwd bimself, In some strange fit of abstraction, going out for a strolf in walking attire wholly oblivions of the fact that Laertes was wanted in the third scene just then commencing. The result of the catastrophe was that probably "for the first time on any stage" there was no Z*ertes to take part in the scene between Polonius and Ophelia, much to the sur prise of Mr. Howe and Miss Terry, and so doubt to that of toe audience also. Hiss Amy ftoselle's anecdote relates to the mournful incident of tie seizure of Mr. George Honey with paralysis while be was playing his famous part of Eccles in "Caste" at the Prince of Wales'*. Miss Roseue, who relates the dream stances with a tme, pathetic touch, was enacting the part of the heroine on the occasion. Mr. Alexander's story is one of sudden darkness descending on stage and auditory by the extinction of lights at a most unfortunate moment; while Mr. Bancroft, who, like Mr. Irving, is found In a prosaic mood, is reminded of being once struck on the head by the act drop at the Devonport Theatre. Mr. Gros emith follows with a tale of a sudden descent through a "trap" whQe he was playing in "The Sorcerer," and Mr. Toole sends quite a little professional romance extending to three closely written pages. These specimens must suffice of the "striking incidents" which receive further contributions from Mr. Dion Boudcault, Miss Marie Saker, Mr. Henry Neville, Miss Genevieve Ward, Mr. Edward Compton, Miss Kate Rorke, and Mr. Edward Terry. " The Pickpocket" has reached the end of its tether at the Globe Theatre, and will be replaced next Saturday with a piece called " The Lodgers," by Brandon Thomas. On die same evening Mr. H. A. Jones's four-act play, "Hard Hit," will follow "Jim the Penman" at the Haymarket. The circuses at Covent Garden, Hengler's, and Sanger's are Buffering seriously from the competition at " OJympia" of the Paris Hippodrome. *'Olympk" accommodates 9,000 persons easOy, and fa fflmimaii twice daily, so you can gneis the sort of business they are doing. Even Drory- lane feels the effect. Tickets are far more easily obtainable than they were last year and the year before. Fotwithstanding poor Archer's heavy losses last season I hear bis personalty j Jucbeen proved at over £200,000, the ' buftrfTri^wiDgotoluslittledaughter. , The period of the champion ockey'a death was particularly unhi 2 s.y > Charles Archer and another.- .I '.\ 1 r > When Fred made the will th 1; . s being acted on Charles Archer was very well off, conse quently it seemed unnecessary to make him a heavy legatee. Subsequently, how ever, he got into trouble with the Jockey Club, lost Lord Ellesmere'a horses, and generally came down in the world. Fred of course knew this, and only a few days before his death had announced his in tention of altering his will in Charles's favor. The instructions had even been given to a solicitor, and the new will was being endorsed when poor Fred fell ill. There is no winter betting on the Darby nowadays, not a wager has been laid since Christmas, nor is any real business likely to be done till towards ApriL It seems strange to read of the leviathan wagers laid in the old days twelve months before the race. Why, at Ascot in 1866 (so says an old file of Bell's Life I came across the other day) after Hermit aud The Palmer (both two-year-olds) had won the Biennial and Maiden Plate respectively, Sir Joseph Hawley laid Mr. Chaplin a bet of £20,000 even on his colt v. Hermit for th? Derby of the following year. When the event ful day came The Palmer stood at C to 1 in the betting and Hermit at 06 to L Nevertheless, as we all know, Hermit won, to the intense chagrin of Sir Joseph, who bad not hedged a penny. The Prince of Wales has asked for and has been presented with the spurs which poor Archer habitually used. Dr. Engel, the musical critic of the Wviid, furnishes some particulars of the new opera at the Savoy, the final re hearsals for which are now progressing. There is no overture. Perhaps there will be, though. That the piece is in reality a caricature on the old-fashioned melo drama, with the virtuous peasant-girl, the wicked baronet, &c;, you may take for granted. lam not allowed to say what the surprise will be, but I will tell you that the wicked baronet ha* to be wicked in consequence of a curse which compels him to commit a crime every day or—to die. Now, Grossmith, the mild baronet, refuses the title under such conditions, and hides himself, leaving Barrington to commit the obligatory crimes. He is, how ever, compelled to take his place, and there is a scene between himand thegallery of his ancestors, which is one of the most original effects known on the stage. The predominant color of the music is the old English ; for instance, the first opening chorus of the bridesmaids in gavotte time (E flat), and the sailors' song d la Dibdin. Then come a hornpipe and a madrigal, a sweetly pretty thing most tastefully in vented, with a chaste and graceful accom paniment. Mr. Grossmith's second song and the end of the two finales belong to that same description. The score con tains, moreover, a graceful song in waltz time for soprano (Leonora Braham), a dramatic legend for contralto, a most extraordinary and highly amusing patter trio, a very clever double chorus (you know SnUivan's favorite device of uniting two distinct subjects), a very tender little duet, a real gem, for contralto and baritone, various airs and duets ; altogether no fewer than 21 numbers. One of the principal numbers, the principle, in my humble opinion, is the ghost scene above alluded to, serious, solid, the treatment of the orchestra and chorus producing a most weird and solemn effect. I wish to mention a song in three verses, orchestrated in three different ways to give emphasis to the words in a most vivid manner. What will " fetch" the public is a duet in the second act between M3bs Jessie Bond and Mr. Barrington, which you must hear to appreciate it, because to describe its quaintness [is not easy. But if there is much serious music and more counter point than you would look for in a comic opera, there is much of a rollicking character, apparently written in -the exuberance of high spirits. Now you want to know which is the air Tommy protests against. This he has confided to me in strict privacy, and I have shaken paws on keeping the secret, so you must 