GENERAL NEWS. Snow fell at Mitchell on several days this week. Gold mining is now receiving some attention atCobar. \ ? . : All trespassing on Crown lands is to be at once stopped. The Leichhardt Council are inviting designs for a town-hall they are about to erect. ' Newcastle Commonage question to be dealt with without delay by the Government. Frost has been doing considerable injury to some ot tne cane neias in cne uauina district. Comte de Paris state3 that a monachy will in course of time replace the Republic in France. A company has been formed to cut a canal across the Nicaraguan Peninsula, Central America. Great preparations being made at Broken Hill Silver Mine, for the visit of the Minister for Mines. A young man named Shields has been com mitted for trial for throwing stones at a train at Picton. , Fifty-eight thousand troops were under arms at the Jubilee Review before the Queen at Alder shot on Saturday. Sergeant Healy and Constable Miller, who were injured in the recent affray at Kiama, are pro gressing favourably. The ' starts for the sixth Newcastle Grand Handicap have been, re-adjusted by the Sir Joseph Banks handicappers. All the preliminary steps for placing their loan of ,£50,000 upon the English market have been taken by the Redfern Council. Fifteen cases were heard last week at Picton against A. Ewin, absconding contractor, and ver dfcts for the full amounts were returned. Mr. 0. Creighton, of Picton, was drowned on Thursday week whilst endeavouring to ford the Wollondiliy at Lacy's Crossing, Burragorang. Maxwell sentenced to death for the murder of his companion Prellor at the Southern Hotel, St. Louis, A merica, has been respited until August. The Lands Department of Victoria have granted Mrs. Gordon Baillie 70,000 acres of land near Wilson's Promontory for the ' establishment of Skve Crofters.. . ?Messrs. T. Macdermbtt, Hood, Hodges, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and Dr. Madden, all of Mel bourne,' have' declined the honour of being made jQueen's Counsel. ; On Saturday night an elderly man, named O'Brien, rushed upon two young fellows in lAlbury and stabbed them with a knife. One^ ?was severely wounded. ; Prince Ferdinand, of Saxe Gotha, elected to the Throne of Bulgaria, has accepted the honour on condition that the ^lection is approved by the Porte and other Powers. The captain 'of the ship Lady Douglas has been respited and sentenced to five years' penal servitude. The mates and the seamen convicted have .received short terms of imprisonment. A bogus detective bought lottery- tickets from some Melbourne Chinamen the other day. He returned, offered to square the matter for .£50, accepted .£12 10s as a deposit, and decamped. A second sale of land to meet the provisionsof the Amending Land Act in respect to deferred payments was held at Beecroft on Saturday. Prices ranged from 25 to 100 per cent, above up setjprices. Chaffey Bros, state that they have not heard of any objection on the part of the New Soiith Wales Government to the use of the waters of the Murray over which they have control for irriga tion purposes. C. W. Bennett has been suspended by the Cyclists Union from riding as an amateur for a period of IS months on the ground that he might have won the three-mile race against Con. Dwyer at the Suburban sports had he chosen. The select committee appointed to report on the partially erected Sydney Hospital are unani mously of opinion that the site is unsuitable for hospital purposes, and might be more profitably used for the erection of a Parliament House or Government offices. The suspected French escapees, from New Cale donia, tell a terrible tale of suffering. They say they escaped from an Italian barque, bound for New Guinea. The men have been ordered to be sent to Brisbane, to be seen by the French Consul. Klein and Grebert, two of the Germans re cently arrested for supplying military informa tion to the French Government, have been sentenced to six and five years' hard labour respectively. The evidence clearly showed they were in league with M. Schnabele. : Damage to the amount of some .£1500 was done ,to the premises in Barrack-street recently oc cupied by Messrs. David Jones and Co. by a fire on Saturday afternoon. The origin of the fire is unknown, the place being empty and in course of repair at the time. During an able defence of the Amending Land Bill on Thursday, Sir Henry Parkes said, regard ing the threats of the squatters to throw up the runs, that he was not sure whether the country would not be a great deal better off if they did make a clean sheet to begin afresh upon. In answer to a deputation requesting that a portion of the Newcastle be set aside as a public pound and cattle saleyards, the Minister for Lands said that the Government was about to deal with the old question of the occupation of the common, it having been determined to stop the trespassing on public properties. On Friday a deputation representing the tanners and shippers of hides complained to the Minister for Mines of the damage done to the skins of cattle by the present system of branding. Mr. Abigail said a Stock and Passengers Bill was to be introduced next session to deal with the matter. A deputation from the Anti-Chinese League on Wednesday waited on the Chinese Commissioners to point out the disadvantageous effect Chinese immigration and competition had on white labour. General Wong Yung Ho said they had no inten tion of advoaating a general immigration, and thought the Chinese were much better off in their own country. Some 150 gentlemen, including the Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, Sir John Robertson, Sir John Hay, Sir William Ogg, Sir Edward Strickland, Hon. Julian Salomons, the Ministers for Public In struction, Mines, and Justice, the Mayor, and a number oi Ms.L.C. and Ms.P., were present^ at a picnic given to the Hawkesbury on Satur day by the public works contractors to Lord Brassey. -- ' ? ???? ?::???:?? ? ?- v;.-o, ?? The Queen is visiting Lord Salisbury at Hat- ' field Hall. The steamer Kameruka still remains ashore on the Bateman's Bay bar. 'Botania' is one of the best of the numerous names suggested for this colony. ? ' ' A donation of .£1000 has been made by the ' Queen to the Imperial Institute. How noble ! The total number of convictions for drunken ness in the colony during the year was 22,294. On account of the heavy rain the Randwick racecourse has been closed until further notice. ; The Government intend to bring in a bill for regulating the conduct of life assurance societies. : Latest advices from Mauritius give promise of, a much heavier sugar crop than that of last - year. . The decomposed remains of the child which recently strayed from Bourke have been found in ?'* the bush. , The mysterious drowning and supposed suicide of a young woman named Mqran is exciting a good deal of interest at Gundagai. A man named Mf Arthur was drowned near Narandera on Friday while attempting to cross with his horse over a swollen creek. A woman named Mrs. Maher was cut to pieces on the railway between Euroa and Violet Town, Victoria, on Monday night. A young man, 29 years of age, named John Glanville, dropped dead at Grabben Gullen on Saturday evening last. The deadlock between the Gosford Municipal Council and the police magistrate has resulted in the latter being removed by the Minister for Justice. It is probable that the Government, during the recess, will consider the proposal to extend the penny postage system to all places accessible by rail. Tt is understood that a new scheme by the Minister for Mines for dealing with the rabbit pest includes the fencing in of- 12,000,000 acres of land. The Melbourne police are taking steps to stop any further disgraceful wrestling, such as ? occurred when Dunne was almost strangled by Cannon. ?- A railway employe named Ritchie was seriously injured at Welarewang station on Wednesday while attempting to step onto a mov ing truck. ? While searching for the outward and visible signs of a reported ghost, the police at Tudden hain, near Penrith, came across a quantity of partially burnt human bones. The dead body of a man, afterwards identified as Charles Ellis, a vagrant, was on , Tuesday found in the scrub near, the kerosene works, Alexandria. Mrs. Ferris, of Richmond (Vic), was killed at ' the Flinders-street station, Melbourne, on Yv'ed nesday night, whilst attempting to alight from a ; . moving traiu. The Minister for Lands has just decided that a homestead lease does not legally exist until the right to occupy the land is acquired by the appli cant making certain payments. Two men named Kane and Taylor died on Tues day at Strathkellar Station, Hamilton (Vic), after drinking tea from a boiler containing arsenic. Two others had a narrow escape. Sir Henry Parkes thinks that while there is no case for the removal of Mr. Manning, the Hyde Coroner, from the commission of the peace, he should have a severe reprimand. Mr. Carruthers on Tuesday night presented a petition to the Assembly from the residents of Liverpool in favour of the construction of a rail way from St. Peters to Liverpool. The Select Committee appointed to inquire into the expediency of publishing a daily Hansard favour such a publication and propose one of the daily newspapers as the best medium. ' Jim the Whisperer/' who was formerly a bush ranger with ' Thunderbolt ' and Pat Kelly, has been arrested on a charge of horsestealing1, and committed for trial at the next Walgett sessions. A dead body — supposed to be that of the miss ing man Humby — was on Wednesday found, floating face upward on the Hunter about a mile up the river from Raymond Terrace. On the Alfred Graving Dock, Melbourne, being, pumped dry on Wednesday, thousands of fish, were left in the mud. They were eagerly carried off by the crowds which quickly gathered. After a careful examination, Dr. M'Laurin, president of the Board of Health, has come to the conclusion that the bones recently found at Bermagui are those of aboriginals. At a meeting of the Bulli Fund Committee on Monday it was decided that the relatives of _ the unknown sufferers be advertised for, in order that they may share in the distribution of the fund. A meeting was held at Paddington on Monday night to consider the ' deplorable condition ' of Oxford-street, and to petition the Tramway De partment to take away the mud swept from the. lines into the gutters. A motion, moved by Alderman Meeks, was carried in the City Council on Tuesday, em phatically protesting against the action of the Government in resuming the Lachlan water re serve. Mail Coach Stuck Up. — Tamworth, Monday. — News has just arrived that the mail from Manilla to Bendemeer was stuck up and robbed at 11 a.m. yesterday at a place a few miles above the junc tion of New England with the Namoi River. A man, disguised with a white handkerchief cover ing his face, presented a revolver and demanded the mails. He took the Bendemeer bag and the loose mails for Glenbarra and Watson's Creek. The police started in pursuit yesterday afternoon. The robber was on foot. The Alleged Stamp Frauds. — In the Assembly on Tuesday the Attorney- General, replying to re marks made by Messrs. O' Sullivan and M'Elhone in reference to an alleged -fraud tinder the Stamp ? Duty Act, explained why he had stayed his hand in the matter. The question as to whether or not a prosecution for fraud should bo instituted was at present in abeyance, pending further in quiry into the circumstances of the case. From.' the latest reliable information obtained we be lieve there will be no proceedings undertaken.. It is said that the consideration money for the transferred land was in reality only iii'SOO, and that the mentioning- of the larger sum of ^£12,000 was an attempt on the part of middlemen to pront on the sale between the holder and the Govern^ ment. ..-, ;; !,,.. 