Revenge; I have served in the French army (as surgeon) and' sacrebleuJ I never yet stf fered an insult from mortal, being to pass nuavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year. While wandering through that 'picturesque country, I freqfently encoantered two la dies--one elderly, the' other' a widow charming, petite, spirituelle-Adrienne I At last we found, ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to the fair widow's charms-she was so sym pathetic, so vivacious, yet with all that sa. voir faire of experience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure-how delicious its lines ! What masses of magnificent tresses I What perfect rows of. ivory'her coral-lipped smile permitted us to see I What healthful bloom the exercise and mountain air; had lent to her cheek I Yes, I would priopose that evening. .That night I went up to dress for dinner -an important business with me, and one requiring time. I, had arranged in the morning with the maitre d'hotel to change. my room for one with a more southerly as pect; but when I. bad climbed to the frst f;?or (no light ex :rcise ) where my new apartment was located, I found I could not recollect the number. A little reflection, however, made' me decide it was No. 18, but, to make certain, I listened for a moment at the door-all was still within-turned the handle softly and entered. :Nom de Dieu ! who .was this? Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay 'the ghost of Adrienne I Adrienne? Yes I but Adrienne disfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with her cheeks falling in on the tooth less gums, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy, and angular through her deshabille ! A lay-figure waiting to be transformed by. her maid into my Adrienne-waiting to be made into my decoy--but I would be re venged I Not stopping to hunt up my room.now, I descended hastily to the parlor, where I found most 'of the guests waiting for the dinner-gong. I caught a glance of astonish- , ment at my' own undress' uniform, and a thougnt struck me-I smiled. The house happened to be fall, just then, of a very fashionable :cbmpaiff, the ladies, vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew theri was a cer. tain countess who was especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah II 'would shame her before them all; I would give her a lesson -under her rival's eyes-she should learn not to trifle with honestlaifection Mio Dieu i yes I I am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I sat down apart, and turning my,. eyes from those present, put all my will-force into action. One-two-three-four, minutes, and there was a footstep outside the door the handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared-yes I precisely as I had seen her before I The whole roomfull -of listless guests rose as if simultaneously galvanised \--the ladies shrieked "A ghost "-but Ad rienne advanced quietly 'toward me in her magnetic trance. Under cover of offering her' a chair, I made the releasing passes with my hand-she awoke-gave one glance round at the staring company and the scorn ful eyes of her rival, another at her figure re flected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sank-a fainting heap-on the floor I I was revenged ! That. same night I thought I heard some one moving about my room, and found, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my new patent spring fitting set of teeth had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I had to publish my loss before I could move, out of bed. Adrienne had left the house that night, but not without retaliating. ... :A revolutionist--An aerobat. Pastoral intelligence-Churol~h news. : " Dupes and their prey " is the'Age's aide heading to a par. about an old ,dead-beat who got at a man for nineteen pounds.;? The colonial politicians who are to receive knighthood from the Queen will;,thereafter have to be distinguished as raak impostors. We read that on account of floods in one part of New South Wales cane cutting has been suspended. This should be interesting to school- boys. . John Bradley, an old Crimean campaigner, was burnt in his'house, near Kyneton, the:' other day. Poor fellow;-like atrue soldier, heo died under fire. The latest session of N.S.W. Parliament died game. " There's no doubt, Mr. Speaker, but that Clarke's in the 'swindle up to his neck," were the last words" heard as' the house adjourned., "The neighbors of Mr. - will be in terested 'to hear that he hias changed hise residence," says a local, paper.. Now" is not that rather roughon -Mr. ? We would be interested to hear that a certain neighbor pf ours had shifted his family' to another suburb; - it would :save us the' 'trouble of, carrying in, our: firewood and locking up our hens of nights.. The meanest man'has -jist-cropped up at Billarat I his wi.e pulled him for-maintain. ance, and, amongst other- charges, accused. him ofbullying her because she ate between meals. We expect she had been eatinglseed cake in bed. We have a treasure of a wife ; she does heir household work, her-own wash ing, splits the wood, aid ilattends to a gar. den, on one meal a day, but the meal lasti all day. 