CuHAPTERn XXII.-ON HE TEnnACe. It took Mrs. Baddeley a considerable tiie to transform herself from Peg Waoflog ton to a lady of the period. The concert was over in Regent Terrace when the sisters arrivcd. Patti had eaog and departed, and a stream of smart people were flowing not of the lolty balh?r, their way to danse ; but the pease.utr leato ? of Lady Glandore's partier was ~e lamp?ial tereace, where iter ladyehip's gusts eatntered up or down, or sat about in kiendl' groups among groves I of palms ant pylanlds of flowers, and listened to a band stationed at the end of the terrace. )halcer band was bees and moet fandionstle we to he heard at Lady Glandore's; aid the change from the bril lians rooms ant opeatic music, the crowd' and the dazzlt of tie house, to this coo region of palms ant flowers and lampion' clustering among theIreenery, and Japanes umbislla canopes, nd little Iablts pro tided with etrawberies and cream, and talk, and f'rtatlon, and iced drinks, and stirring national meodiee, was a ohange that delighted everyb.ay. And there, aorace the bhadowy park in sombre rolemn grandeur, showed tib dense bulk of Abbey e.zd Senate Iouet ; the place where the aned, who seem so grat, are lying ; and the place where te t livn!, who serem so small, are trying to talk hemselves into fame and immortality. There were many people in London who preferred Lndy Glanore's terrace to the smartest dance of tie reason, and who lingered and loitered there bet 'cen lamp. light and shadow, etroling up and down, or loaning on the baluostrle, dreamily eontema pletive of that dark buk of towers and ruole, touched hero and there with points of vivid ight. Mrs. Baddeley was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and theonly ideas the Abbey or the Senate Houle avakened in her mind were that death in aoy form, even when glerilied in marble, was an inevitable uobaance, and that politics woro, pirhape, a still greater bore. She was of toe earth, ear thy, and always made the most of the present moment. She speedily took pea. aeeton of oue of the'strawberry and cream tables, and had a clutter of admirers about her, whom abe sent on errands to the supper room. I am going to frighten you all by eating a most prodigious supper,' one aried. ' eto member, I have been acting comedy and tragedy, laughing and crying, and loving an esuffering, for theee hours, and have hate nothing but one poor little split and a teaopoonful of brandy. 1 am on the verge of exhaustion, so now feed me, good people. What, it that you, Beeohlbn? she cried, as a oark figure and an expaune of shirttront rose up in the sabdow of a neighbouring palm, like the ghost in the Corsican Brothers.' ' I di not think I should see you here to.nigot. How did you like my keg .? bhe was lifting a champagne tumbler to her roey lips as she spoke, and BIhecuing thought she was alluding to some partioular order of drink. 'flow did you like'the play-and-my gowns t' she said, impatipntly. I suppose it was all very floe, bet I alin' macb of a judge of anything but a burlerque.' Oh, but I hope I made you cry,' said Mrs. Boddeley, attacking a platolul of delicaoies, whita a practieal admirer bad cot.,ted tor her ; fotegras, ahiaken, lobster sal,.d, all on the same plate, SIt savea so mcan time,' he said, ' and you don't seem to be eating so much,' to which Leo laughingly agreed. When I have finished my supper I mean to w .low in strawberries and cream for the tees of the evening,' she said, with frank vu!grity ; ' and you will all have to amuse me. I am much too exhausted to do any talking myself,' ' T'loan I'm afraid you must be at death's door,' retorted Beoching. ( hood gracioues ' cried Leo, starting up suddenly and looking abhut her. *HBve you dropped anything ' oried a chorus of admirers. ' Your fan-your hand. kercu let ? No, it's my eister. I'm chaperoning her, don't you know, poor young thing, and I haven't Been her since we left the cloak room.' Oh, she's quite safe,' arid Beething, in his slow, sullen voles. ' I saw her at the other end ,'! the terrace-the dark end looking at the view-- with St. Austell.' ' I'ut afraid I ought to go and look them up preently,' said Mre. Baddeley, pusahing away hor p.ite with a sigh of aatidetatou ; enid now, you dear, good Cslon., you may I go and get me some oream, and things, what ever looks nicest. You are such a good oaterer, St. Austell is a dear fellow, but it's I unlucky he has made himself such a bad ra putaticn.' SI don't think he took muoh trouble about it,' answered Beeohing. ' I fancy it came naturally.' Su8:h a pity,' lghbed Leo. ' He Is so handsome--ad distiagoished-and clever so altogether nice '-as if the Idst word ex preased supreome merit-' and yet people will talk about him, and it's almost dangerous for a young married woman to be civil to him.' 'You are not afraid, tho',' said Mr. Mounteessing, a mano abt town, who was very devoted to Mrs. Baddelcy, but who. had never imperilled his peace of mind, os do. ploted his purse for any woman living. 'Y n are uorncommonly civil to him.' ' Os, I don't count, I am a Bohemian of the B bhemians. I make no distinotions. I know so thoroughly well how to take care of myself,' esaid Leo, devouring an iced aoutfl. * Upon my word I believe you do,' said IMr Beeohing, to which the chorus agrced. ' Bit my sister is younger than I arn and knows very little of the world, and ought to be looked after,' said bao, tttacking a pine. apple cream. 'Not nearly go good as the souffl,, Colonel ; youn should htve brought me more of the souffle.' A4on Iggf. 13elBeld has not the advantage of a hbeushd iq India,' said Colonel Cot. terell, 'No, indeed po I thing I' agreed Leo. 'A negleetful husband at home is not nearly so great a protection for a wife as a dear kind fellow in India, toiling for one under a I0 touching I' said the Colonel. (To n. cONT5tio.) 