REV. C. H. SPURGEON AND THE BAPTIST UNION. The Daily News of October 27, writes : — The rumor a few days ago that Mr. Spurgeon was nbout to leave the Baptist Union turns out now to be correct. For some time past tbe charges laid by him against ministers and churches of being upon tho 44 down grade" theologically aud spiritually have been ardently combated privately, but at the meetings of the Union in Sheffield early this mouth they were ignored, while at the gatherings of the Congregational Union tlicy were denied. Replying to his critics and declaring his final decision, Mr. spurgcon says that 44 to pursue union at the expense of truth is treason to the Lord Jesus. He is our Master aud Lord, and we will keep His words ; to tamper with His doctrine would be to be traitors io himself." Proceed ing, he argues that as a matter of fact 41 be lievers in Christ's atonement arc now iu declared religious union with thoso who make light of it ; those who bold evangelical doctrine are in open alliauce with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personalty of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith im moral. andthold that there is another probation after death, and a future restitution for the lost." " Yes," he says, 44 we have before us tho wretched spectacle of professedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely conceal ing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ." This being the case he retires at once and dis tinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as tho Baptist churches arc each one of them |fielf-coutained and independent, and the Union being ouly a voluntary association of such churcbc', it is a simple matter for a church or an individual to with draw from it. Mr. Spurgeon does not blame the Union for "harboring errors. of the extre mist kind," for, he says 44 so far as we can see, it i« powerless to help itself even if it wished to do so." Replying to the Question, 44 Why not start a new denomination he says it is a questiou for which he has not any liking. There are denominations enough in bis opinion and 44 if there were a new denomination formed the thieves and robbers who have cutercd other 4 gardens wailed round' would climb into it also and sp nothing would be gained. Besides, the expedient is not ueeded among churches which are each one self- governing and self- determining; such churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own coasts clear of invaders." In conclusion, Mr. Spurgeon says, 44 Oh, that the day would come when, in a larger com munion than any sect can offer, all those who are oue in Christ, may be able to blend iu mani fest uuitj 1 This can only come by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the Head, even Jesus Christ." This decision of Mr, Spurgeon will be regretfully received by the 'Baptist doooraina- tiou generally, for at the meetings in Sheffield when it was "hinted that he intended to leave the union, an urgent though unofficial wish was expressed that he would not go to that ex treme, und that even if he did. pressure would be brought to bear upon him to reconsider such a decision. Last Friday eveniug, 2nd mst., some twenty of the employes of the South Coast and West Camden Co-operative Company, Sussex-street, met at Fulton's Hotel, for the purpose of presenting their head salesman Mr. Henry W. Lee, with a testimonial in recognition of "their esteem ami respect towards him. Tho testi monial consisted of a life sized oil painted portrait of himself, accompanied by an illumi nated address by Miss Alma L. Lee. After a few remarks from the chairman (Mr. E. J. Walmsley), tbe address was read by Mr. G. H. WiUiauA. Mr. Lee replied. Merriment, inter mixed with various toasts, songs, recitations nnd refreshments was then indulged in. Tuo toast of the evening was then proposed by Mr. G. T. Lee, "Success to the company," including the manager, Mr. G. A. Porter., by Mr. R, B. Cranstone. . 