Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 15. A STRANGE STORY. By R. P. WHITWORTH. The story I am about to relate is a strange one. Is it true? I do not know. Judged from tbe stand point of every day experience, I should say that it is impossible that it could have happened, and yet, marvellously and totally unaccountable as it seems and is to me, I cannot but believe it to be positively and absolutely a fact. It is one of those things which cannot be explained, and which will not be explained ajray. We live our visible lire, as it were, passing over a narrow bridge lying between two immeasurable gulfs, that behind us being the irrevocable past, and that before, the inscrutable future. What these gulfs contain, what is called the unseen world, whether anything, or nothing, tangible or intangible, science tells us nothing about. Do, then, the disembodied spirits of tbe dead ever return to earth. Let my story tell what I think, and cannot but believe. Many, very many years ago, when I was a young manj little more than a youth in fact, just come from England to seek my fortune in this fair land, of Australia, I had made up my mind to become what was the summit of so many ambitions, a squatter. I must tell you :there were two of ns, myself and my cousin, Jim Welsh, a son of my father's sister. _ He was of abont the same age as myself, and I was deeply attached to him, as he was to me. We had been at school and college 'together, and I mention this latter to show that we were both tolerably well educated, and therefore not likely to be imbued with the superstition and fanciful credulity tbat so often go hand in hand with ignorance. As I have said, we were deeply attaohed to each other, a oase of Damon and Pythias, or Orestes and Pylades, or, better still, of David and Jonathan. We had come out in the same ship, and liad vowed never to separate, but to Btiok together through good and ill. We had heard and read in England of the free wild life of the cattle kings, of the boundless-'plains, and breezy downs, and grassy glens of the land of the Southern Cross, and our hearts swelled high with hope that we too, some day, should become, as they were, lordB of the soil. But to become'squatters, it was necessary for us to know something about squatting. We were fairly well provided with funds, and had some good letters of introduction, and Acting on the advice of a. gentleman who had known Jim's father, we determined, before venturing into a business of which we knew nothing, to go, for a time, on a station, and gain colonial experience. Sheep' we would have nothing to do with. The life on a sheep run did not Buit our ideas. It was too tame a kind of thing for us. It lacked the epice of romance: attendant upon cattle breeding. There was none of the headlong gallopping through the crashing timber, and down stony defiles and steep gullies, the camping out beneath'the giant gum trees in the solemn bueb, the cracking stockwhips, the cabbage-tree hats, the blue shirts, the breeches and boots, and the other glories that render the life of a stockman so desirable—on paper. Therefore, on a cattle station would we go. There was no great difficulty in the matter. There were plenty of equatters who would willingly take us on their runs, and " break us in "—for a ponsideration, of course. One of these offers we accepted. It was on the station of a gentleman named Maogregor, a canny old Sootchman, which was situated on the upper part of the Goulburn river in Victoria, and which embraced some seventy thousand acres of good open forest country, carrying about eight thousand five hundred head of cattle. We went to work in right down earnest to learn the business, and I may fairly say that we succeeded admirably. We were both tolerably good horsemen to begin with, and aB old Macgregor was a rigid and exact man, who wouM have his work done thoroughly well, and ae we were anxious to learn, we, ere long, were turned out really good bushmen. So much so that after we had been with the old gentleman a little over two years, he pro posed to us that we should take the sole charge of the station during a visit whioh he proposed to take to the old country. Nothing could have suited us better. Young, ardent, our own masters, with work that we took a delight in, we jumped at the offer, and ere another month, he had departed on his home trip, and we were installed in the large comfortable house of our employer, practically "bosses " of the situation, and certainly, monarchs of all we surveyed, for the nearest house was Carfrae'B, over the ranges some twenty miles away. Oar house, as we considered it, was a wooden structure, of many rooms, having a wide verandah round three sides. It stood on the crown of a swelling down that formed the home paddock, and that sloped away pist a small creek that formed one of the affluents of the Goulburn, to the foot of a range of hills about five miles away, and that shut in the view to the north. -Through this range, and exactly opposite the house, was a dip or gorge, known locally as " Macgregor's Gap," and being the Bole means of communication that existed between our peaceful valley and the feverish world whose heart throbbed so fiercely outside. Most of the house was dosed, for there were far more rooms than two iWhelor'a could possibly use. We each had a bedroom, entered from the front verandah, and our common sitting and dining room lay between the two, and was as well our office, smoking-room, library, and music-room, for Mr. Maogregor had a good selection of books, and a splendid pianoforte and harp for the use of his two daughters, who haji accompanied him home. Our household consisted solely of our two selves, Alec. Payne, the head stockman, who slept over the stables, an ngly and hot tempered old Scotchwoman named Meg, who cooked and did for us generally, who lived somewhere in unknown parts at the back of the house, and who claimed to be distantly akin to the " Maister," and tyrannised over us accordingly, and a singularly handsome colley slut named Fly, who located in spots, indifferently in mine or Jim's bedroom, at her own sweet will and sovereign pleasure. The station hands had their huts at considerable distances, and we rarely saw any of them, except when they came to the house for rations, or on other busiuess. Halcyon days, indeed, were those we passed in the soft, sweet Australian spring. Fishing in tbe Goulburn, shooting in the hills, kangarooing on tbe flats, with plenty of healthful employment to keep us from rusting, who oould have been happier than Jack Alleyne, that was myself, and Jim Welsh, the managers and residents of the Gap Station. But our time of unalloyed happiness was not to last. The blacks took to spearing our cattle. Why they did it we could not tell, for we had always treated the few who had shown up on the run with the utmost kindness. Where they came from we oould not conjecture, for there were practically none belonging to our immediate neighbourhood. None, in faot, of any acoount, nearer than the Warrigal tribes of Gippsland. Theywereiferocioueandmisohievoasenougb we knew, but we oould not imagine that they would leave their native baunts so far away the southward, and cross the all but inaccessible fastnesses of tbe main range to do us an injury. We could not account for their presence, we could find no reason for their acta, unless, indeed, they were some wandering tribe who had been badly used by the white man somewhere, and w;ere revenging themselves indiscriminately on friend and foe alike. But there was the unmistakable fact. We were first made aware of it by Alec, our head stockman, riding up" to the house in hot baste one forenoon with the intelligence. He had, so he informed as; been out to one of the oattle camps, and returning by the foot of the hill had came : across blood marks on the grass. Following them up be had found the remains of a young strawberry heifer, one of our choicest breed. The blacks had carried off some of the flesh, and had left the Test to the hawks. Was he sure it was the blacks who had done it ? Quite sure. There was no mistake about that, for he had seen the mark of the spear thrusts. He had ridden np to the house as fast as he conld, to see what was to be done. What was to be done? Ah 1 that was a poser. Find the marauding sooundrels. Just so. But where to find them ? Where to look for them? They were miles away, no doubt, gone this way or that, who could tell ? It was bur first experience with blacks, that is to say with mischievous ones, and we were completely at a loss how to act in the emergency. Jim and I, calling Alec, to our counsels, sat np late that night discussing the matter, although with but little result further than that we determined to keep a striot look out for the thieves in future. We might as well have saved ourselves tbe trouble. Do what we could, ride to and fro on the run, early and late, as we might, we never conld oome across them. Had we had native trackers we might probably have found their trail, and hunted them off, for the blaokB have a wonderful inetinct, and a naturallove for this bloodhound kind of work—it is strange, indeed, how the partially civilised aboriginal takes a cruel delight in trackfng and, it may be, slaughtering his own countrymen, even those of his own tribe, but so it is—but wis had no trackers, and were totally unacquainted with the bushcraft and the thousand and one shif ts and tricks of these cuhning denizens of the woods and wilds for concealing themselves and eluding pursuit. But of their presence we had ample proof, for hardly a day passed that we did not get reports of fresh outrages. Not oontent with slaughtering an occasional beast for food, they had, as is theirwont, taken to spearing our cattle indiscriminately, and for sheer love of bloodshed. 'Who could tell how soon they, treacherous and vindictive as they were, would fly at higher game, and would take to. killing human beings aB well as cattle. At all events we went continually armed, we and the stockman too, with revolvers, and should doubtless have given good account of some of them, could we have found them, whioh as I have said, we could cot. Then for a time came a cessation of hostilities, as it were. They seemed to have quitted our part of the country for we had no farther alarms, and-were just beginning to congratulate oureelves In having got rid of our troublesome visitors, when aimpBt simultaneously we heard of no fewer than three fine young head of cattle being found slaughtered in widely different parts of the run. We were at our wit's end, but clearly something must be done, and at once. This kind of thing could not be permitted to go on. But how to prevent it I Why the wretches had elected to commit their depredations on our run, or whether they had extended them to other parte of the district we did not know. Again we held a council of war, and again we felt ourselves powerless to cope with the evil. We felt certain that the blacks were about in force, but whether they were camped in the dense bush that bordered our run, or whether, as was most likely, they had their head quarters in the rugged mountain ranges to the northward of us, we were unable to say. It is as certain however that they were not located on the run, as,.had they been, we should have been sure to bave fallen in with the marks of their fires, if not with the ruins of their wurleys of branches of bark. We sat late in the night without having arrived at any settled plan of operations, further than that Jim Welsh had expressed his determination to rids over to Carfrae'j tbe following morning, and consult with our neighbour as to what had best be done. Perhaps that was the best thing after all, for Mr. Carfrae had been a long time in the colony, and might reasonably be supposed to be better acquainted with the habits of the savage tribes, and the best method of dealing with them than we. Still, I felt a etrange, and altogether unaccountable repugnance to letting Jip go. A singular vague premonition of evil whioh would, not assume any tangible shape and which eluded my mental grasp at the same time as it would not be laughed away. After an early breakfast, Jim saddled his horse, and prepned for a start, ridiculing my: groundless fears and attempts te induoe him not to venture. His argument was unanswerable " Oar plain duty is clear," he said, " we have already lost something like a score of our pr ims cattle, we have been totally unable to put stop to the mischief, and unless we take some decided step there is no telling what the result will be." I could not contradict this, of oourse, and could only advise him to be careful, and to keep as much as possible in open country. " Never fear," he replied cheerfully, " I am well armed, and the black scoundrels have too wholesome a terror of the white man's thunder and lightning to venture within oooey of me." Notwithstanding this, it was with a sinking at my heart that I saw him tighten his girths, vault into the saddle, and canter gaily over the grassy stretch of the home paddock in the direction of the gap. I watched him until he waB out of sight, shading my eyes with my hand, from the bright rays of tbe morning sun, and then I turned into the house with something like a sigh, determined to drive away my uneasy .thoughts by writing long letters home. In vain, the inspiration would not come. I blundered and bungled through my correspondence for two hours or more, and then gave it up in disgust. I was ever haunted by the shadow of a nameless, formless fear, a hidden terror, that, like the " Dwellers on the Threshold" of which we read, I had no dis. tinct comprehension, but whioh was, none the less, there. It was a clear warm day, the silence was almost oppressive, and by-and-bye, lulled by the faint but ever present hum of the bush, I fell into a light but troubled dumber. My dreams, if dreams they could be called were, as my waking thoughts had been, " without form and void," yet dimly shadowered by a presentiment of impending ill. -1 know not how longl slept, but all at onoe I was roused from my unrest, by a long, loud, half howl, half wail of a dog, so weird, so inexpressibly sad, that *it seemed to turn my very blood to ice. I awoke with a start, and went out at the open door. As I stopped out upon the verandah, Fly, our oollie dog came whining and crouching to my feet, and orouohed tremblingly behind me, as if in mortal terror. At the same moment my eyes were blasted with a new Gorgon. Coming slowly up the path, not twenty yardB from me, and gliding rather than walking, waB a form, the form of my cousin, Jim Welsh, whom I had seen start for Carfrae's some hours before. Pale to lividness, shadowy, ethereal, with a look of pain on his erstwhile handsome face, and a crimson blotch of blood welling from A deep gash in his breast.. I stood as if turned to marble, powerless to mova, powerless to speak, powerless, almost, to think. Was I still dreaming? No. There he was, plainly palpable before me. I felt my eyes dilate. I felt my hair stiffen on my bead. I felt my heart throb as if it would burst, and still all I oould do was to gaze entranced and spell-bound in silent, nameless horror. My breath came fast and thick, and as it name _ nearer and still nearer, with a supreme effort I gasped rather than spoke " Jim\" Tbe form waved its hand in the direction.of the gap, a smile spread over the anguished countenance, and then & slowly melted into air. Was I then mad? No, no, a thousand times no, although it was surely enough to have . driven me so. I was as sane as I am now. What it was, or whether it was, I did not,_I do not speculate. I only know that I sawit. I tell yoa I saw it. For a time I stood incapable of motion or reasonable thought. Then came the reaction. With a hoarse, harsh half laugh, half sob, I bounded forward to where it had stood. There was nothing, I might have known that. I did know it. I ran round to the stable, hastily saddled a horse, snatched up my revolver, mounted, and hatless, coatless, as I was, gallopped down the home paddock. Where was I going ? 1 hardly knew. I had but one feeling, one idea, that of bitter vengeance on the perpetrators of this foul deed, for that a' foul deed had been done I knew only too welL I headed for the rocky bluffs that .formed the Gip, and bathed in perspiration, and with the hot fire of hatred at my heart, sped across the intervening down. Did I think ot danger, of death perhaps, to myself? No, Bsvenge I B=vengel Soon I reached the Gap. All still* all silent. The grim walliB hemmed me in 'on either hand, but told me nothing. Deeper and deeper into the gloomy defite I passed, .deeper - and deeper still, bat nothing. Nota sight, not a sound save the clatter and rinj^f.my horse's iron shod hoofs . over the ijlpugh boulders. I dismounted,and.elowlyl^my horse over the rugged track for it was un- • safe to ride. More dtoal,niO!® wilfflysoli? • tary grew the scert^'a ;. a mile^a mile, and then—r vr.'.V .":?..""'**. . At last. There he lay. ?ea, there he lay. All there was left of bim. Of my friend, of dear, true hearted; handsome Jim-f D^dl Dead 1 Alas mas 1 Daadl Dead 1 Effled.by a spear thrust, treacherously hurled 3rom behind a Took, as ho wa^ riding, or .probably : leading his horse, through the defile.. A spear thrust whioh entering his back,: had. copae out at his breut, and had deft his hea|rt„in twain. There, at my feet, on his back, with a smile on his pallid lips, gazing blindly into my face with glazed eyeB, aB-if in mockery of my unutterable woe. , Do I feel shame in saying vihat the tears fell hot and fast from my eyiffi upon that cold face, that my kisses were ; impressed on tbat lifeless hand, whioh had never htfore met mine save in the warm grip of friendship? Not I. A man sheds team bnt seldom, but when he does, they are, as it were, tears of 1 blood, o t . •• How long I BtoodlooMng wistfully into the face of my.dead friend I know not .1 felt my heart throb almost to breaking. I felt my brain whlrl into dim.undonsciousness, and then, kind fapaven eentrtelid to my overcharged feelings. The grim defile, ihe ttash beyond, It at my feet, seemed ^to eWim Ground me. A31earthly thing8 wereblpttedsput 4 aud If ell forward in a swoon, and allwaa d&kw; But the awakbning, oh I tbe awatariojv. But the awakening, .oh I the-awakening. I found myself lying on-A ;«ouoh in the front room of our house. .1 aw^e as itmight be after a heavy sleep and I knew not .where I was. For a time I lay only partially conscions, yet still entirely conscious of sfeing forma I knew around me.: Aleo. Payne, Doctor Bae from the township, and a legate-with a faoe strange to me, stood round my bed; - , I lay, dimly trying to gather up the tangled threads of memory, which seemed to have been woven into; a kind of inexVricahle con - farion. I tried to raise my hand, and it fell back on tho cbunterpane. Beemingly as heavy as lead. And then, I spoke, or Mthw. as it seemed to me, someone else appea^ to speak my thought, iso weak and gasping was the voiee. • .^ ; :, "Where am I?" I asked. " Thank God." ejaculated thelfoctor," the worst is over. Mmd and memory are returning." " For a time I lay still, trymg to think of the meaning of what he said, and then, as in an instant, the tide flowed. It all came back to me. AO, alL The mysterious visitant, the gloomy gorge, the dead body of my friend at my feet. I had as they told me, been found lying aoross the corpse of Jim in the gap, found by Alec. Payne, who had from a distance seen me galloping wildly in' that direction, and who, suBpeoting. something was wrong had followed on foot. I had been ill,: very ill, nearly at deaths' door, down with a violent brain fever, for days', ever since, but, thank God, the danger was past. As for the apparitian Iliad seen, Dr. Bae discoursed learnedly on psychology and kindred matters, proved to his own satisfaction, doubtless—that at the time I saw it, or was supposed to .have seen it, I was under the influence of incipient brain fever, induced by worry and work and the trouble consequent oh the ravages made on our stock by the blacks. He persuaded me that it was all fanoy, imagination, the outcome of a heat oppressed brain, all the rest of it, by whioh scientists try to explain the onexplainable. Perhaps he was right. I do not know, common sense would tell me that he was right, and that it waB only in my own disturbed brain and mind that fatal vision had been. Tbat is, no doubt, a sufficiently luoid explanation, bnt for all that, I say, as Shakespeare says " There are more things in Heaven and earth Horatio : That ever you dreamt of in your philosophy." I say with regard to the spirit or ghost, or what you will, of poor murdered/Jim Welsh, my cousin, and my heart's friend, as I have said before—I saw it. The decipherers of the papyri which* have been brought to Vienna from El Fayoum, have learned from one of them the existence of a town in lower Egypt, all trace of which seems to have disappeared for the last 1,200 years. The document is a papyrus, a little over 4ft. long by 1ft. wide, containing a marriage contract in Greek, and is well preserved. The date is not given, .bntlProfessors Karabacek and Wesseley believe'it belongs to the eaily part of the sixth oentury. The bridegroom was named Theon, the bride .Maria. She had a fortune of her own amounting to 100 gold pieces, and the future husband engages to find for her food /and clothing, and everything suitable for *• an ordinarylegitimate wife." There are witnesses and a notarial certificate. All the parties are described as belonging to the town of Jastianopolis. The editors declare tbat they can find no mention of this place among any lists of the towns, etc., of Lower Egypt. Forty varieties of rice are grown in Burmah, the latest additions to tbe territories of Great Britain. These range in hue from white to black. B arm ah also produces many other kinds of edible grains, one of which iB known as Job's Tears. : According to Dr. Thomas Moore thiB grats derives its name from the large, round, shining fruit it bears, in which can be traced some resemblance to tears. It occurs in Japan as veil as the Asiatic continent. ' .• • • ' " 