SPORTING MEMOS,. The sale by auction of the booths', gates c. for the meeting of the W-4-T.O.'roaliz.ed 268, or about 8000 more than last year. The 268 was made up as follows: Dining Room Bill ; Gates £805 ; Refreshment booths, 1837 ; publican's booths £880 ; Grandstand bar 25. Tickets for the Grand Stand and enclosure of the WASTING. meeting can be obtained from Mr. Guthrie, tobacconist, Hay Street, Perth. W.4.T.C, SUMMER MEETING. THE SECOND AND THIRD DAYS. . of cor am cor ela to 634 for for her to per bag No Go cost was Few backers will do much with regard to the events on the second day's card until they have seen the running on the first day. The Queen's Plate, I suppose, will be the only race about which backers will care to talk, and, as usual, it does not offer much scope for betting. The names only of Dures tion and Agitation have, as yet, been mentioned with regard to it, but there are others whose names may yet become prominent in the betting on this race. There is no reason why Sinbad, Metal, and one or two of the three-year olds should not be backed to win it, if Agitation is considered good enough to beat Duration. If the mare has a 2 to 1 chance to win the Queen's Plate, then Duration's chance for the Perth Cup cannot be considered to be very bright. The 12lbs. Ins3 that he has to carry will I fancy, fully compensate for the extra mile he has to travel. He has, as a hurdle racer, travelled three miles at a. good race on several occasions with heavy weights up, and it is not likely that at weights for age he will find anything in the Queen's Plate to beat him. I shall, therefore, without further parley go for DURATION to win the Queen's Plate and give the places to Sinbad and Agitation respectively. The field is not likely to be large, as nearly all the candidates have other engagements on this day. The first event on the card is the West Australian Derby, for which the field will be Skimmer, Nimrod, Harridan, Uralla and Lowlander. Each of the candidates carries I was 8st. 5lbs. Of Skimmer nothing is known beyond that he is by Australian-Lady West. Whether he can race or not, has yeast to be discovered. Nimrod will hardly be fit, and Lowlander in his morning gallops, is showing only very moderate form. He is lazy, and requires a vigorous rider. He is in very fair trim and will doubtless run well, but I fancy he will be beaten by both Harridan and Uralla, It is generally reported that Uralla is the better of these two fillies, as in a private match which they ran at Bunbury she won. It is not known, however, when weights, were carried, though Eurella was said" to be receiving an advantage and to be in the better condition. The Geraldton running did not afford a very reliable line on which to go, but they have both galloped on the Perth course during this week. On Wednesday morning they were both at fast work, and Harridan impressed me as the better of the two, I shall, therefore, go for HARRADAN to win and give Uralla and Lowlander for places. The field for the Ladies' Purse Handicap, H miles, is likely to be reduced by the absence of the Queen's Plate candidates, Dur- ation and Sinbad, and perhaps Metal. In that case and of course it would be folly to run any horse in the two races there will start for this event, Telephone lOst., Hermit 9st. 7lbs., Michael 9st. 6lbs. Should he run, TELEPHONE, I believe will win, while Hermit and Michael will make a bold fight of it for second place. There will be a good field for the City Purse, and of the lot, I have the greatest fancy for HERMIT who is top weight, and TORMENTOR, who carries fist, 916. The last race on the card is the Flying Stakes, for which there will be a large field. I quite expect to find that Mr. Tow ton has reserved Telephone for this event. Duration therefore, will most probably be an absentee as also may Metal and Sinbad. TqlepLx.no w, ill then be top weight at 8st. %lbs.andthero will be against him, Hermit" 7st. 7lbs. ; Robin 7st. 7lbs. ; Aspramonte 7st. ; Three Corners 7st. ; Charity 6st. 7lbs. ; Hinemoa 6st. 7lbs. Gun- powder 5st. 7lbs., is not likely to come to the colony. Last Autumn, Telephone won this race in 1min. 19sec. with the greatest case, and I do not think there is another horse in the race who can boat that performance, while I quite expect to see Telephone repeat it. I shall therefore give TELEPHONE to win and name Hermit for a place. At present there are only two races on the card for the third day, and the most important is the Metropolitan Handicap Hurdle Race. For this it is likely that all the candidates will run. I do not consider that Bakers, First King and Navvy have the ghost of a show to win, while at the weights Duration must, on paper form, beat both Agitation, and Michael. Up to the present time Duration has not been given the work necessary for a hurdle race preparation, and it is not likely he will undergo schooling over the sticks until after the Queen's Plate has been run. We must suppose, however, that he will go straight, and that even the erratic Michael will not baulk. Acting upon that supposi- tion, therefore, I have no hesitation in giving DURATION to win and Michael and Agitation for places. The Selling race on the third day should, at the weights, prove a good thing for TORMENTOR at 5st. 7lbs. 1 fire am for, safe del qui me me In ad; yiNDKx;. i 