Thrown on the World. U ; By EDWIN* HODDER. CHAPTER HI.— (Continued) NURSE pamelof. ;'y' ' ' CHAPTER I. ?£ilfcwa8 a great grief to these little men wlien they found that papa did not' come, and that mamum had gone away ; but tho grief of such little' children does not, happily, lust very long as'a' rule, and it does not in their caso, for Nurse Pamelof took then away from tho house, and mado them at home in hor own, and it was surprising how very soon thoy oegan to regard it as it tiiey naci Been accus tomed' to it all the short span of their little lives. She made them up pretty little cots in one of the neatest of neat rooms ; she brought them picture-books and new toys, and did everything possible to divert their minds from thoir trouble ; and Peter Pamelof, when he came home from work, took them upon his knee and told them little stories, or let them ride upon: his shoulder or his foot, and soon they were as happy as princes. The nurse maid, to whom they had been accustomed from their birth, was very considerately re tained by Nurse Pamelof to assist in attend ing to tlinm ; and although she was timid about remaining, lest she should be regarded in any way as a conspirator, as poor Petro vitch had been, and would not on any consi deration take the children out in the streets alone, she was as kind as kind' could be. It was at night-time that .Ray and Bortie most missed their parents, and would sometimes cry?for them 'for a little while, until their at tention was diverted to something else, and they fell asleep. Days,' -and even weeks, passed thus ; for Nurse Pauielof and Peter had decided that it would be unwise to attempt to take the chil dren to England while the bitter winter weather continued, and until the remembrance of the trial and condemnation of their parents was le3s vivid in the public mind. Unfortunately Nurse Pamelof was not much of. :a'.' scholar, and she could not write a letter well — indeed, it was with very great difficulty she could write at all, her talents not lying in that direction, — and so she had not attempted to write to Mrs. Harley's friends in England to tell them of what had happened. Peter Pamelof might have written, but his wife had not asked him to do so ; for, although they were apparently on the very best of terms as man and wife, yet on certain matters, for reasons of her own, Nurse Pamelof thought it was best to keep her own counsel. She had not told him, for example, that she was in possession of a large sum of money placed at her disposal by Mrs. Hai-ley ; and when he had asked, as he naturally would, bow the ex. pense : of conveying the children to England would be borne, she had only said that Mrs. Harley 'had made arrangements about the matter which would no doubt be satisfactory. The .fact was that Peter Pamelof had been for'some months past a 'very different kind of man from what he was when be was first married. He did not come home at sundown as he used, and sometimes it was getting on for the small liours of the [morning before lie put in an appearance. He had mixed himself up with a' lot of companions, who seemed to meet at all sorts of queer places and at all sorts of ' queer hours for what Nurse Pamelof considered must be for all sorts of queer purposes. She hud noticed, too, that Peter was not so cheerful as he used to be, was much more reserved, seemed at times to be anxious and depressed, and would occasionally .come out with such strong language about the Czar and the Government, and the state of the country, that she would shut the door and say : — ' If you don't mind what you're about, Peter Pamelof, you will say things like that once too often. These are not safe times for talk like that. ,. ;You seem to forget the fate of Jthe dear master and' mistress and poor Petrovitch.' She was afraid, and not without good cause, that Peter was mixing himself up with politics, as hundreds of men like him were doing at that time, aiid was drifting into the meshes of a set of men wh6 were growing reckless as to ?what they did or said — men who had groaned under tyranny and were crying out for redress, and, were willing to sacrifice everything, even life itself, to aid in a cause which they were led to believe would be the means of regene rating their country. Many of them were .mere tools in the hands of the executive, but they were quite willing to be so, if in that or in any. capacity they could serve the cause. This' 1 change in Peter had been a fruitful source of anxiety to Mrs. Pamelof, and she had used every womanly artifice ^to wean him from his newly acquired habits. Home was made more attractive than ever j little amuse ments were devised to detain him, earnost entreaties had been mado, but all to no effect j and - it was on this account that; ' when Mrs. Harley 'entrusted her with a large sum of money — much larger than she had at first Bupposed— she' kept her own council about it, and hid it in a sure place in the eaves of the: ; - house,' where no one could possibly find i:, and where it would be perfectly sufe. When Ray and Bertie got thoroughly ac customed to their new home, and had appa rently almost forgotten their parents, Nurse Pamfelof thought it expedient to dismiss the nursemaid, as, she was no longer required, and so save a little expense, forit' was her intention not to touch; a halfpenny of the money Mrs. Harley had entrusted to her care for anything save the expenses of the journey to England, nnd tlion, in caso the friends to whom she was to confido tho children were not in affluent circumstances, tho balance of the monoy could bo used for their education or maintenance. Mrs. Hurley had made no mistake in hor estimate of thn character of Nurso Pamelof; she was as true as 'stool and as honest ns sun shine, and tho love she bore to her master and jmistress, as sho still called them, was not Itlie time-serving love one meets with too often in the world, but the love, strong as death, which is sometimes to be found in tried and trusted old servants. Nor was Peter a bad man, even though he had not been lately quite the same in his home life as he had been heretofore. What ho was doing was not a matter of choice with him ; he was only acting in a manner which seemed to him to be iiis bounden duty ; and whether he was mis taken or not in his views of right and w»ong, he was, up to this period in his history, acting conscientiously. But some little time after Ray and Bertie had come to dwell under their roof, there was a marked change in the man ; he often became anxious and depressed, and after a while the innocent prattle of the little ones seemed to irritate and vex him. He never said a rough or unkind word to them, and never hushed them in their play ; he never seemed the least bit jealous of the time and attention given to them by his wife, but on the contrary urged her to make the 'pretty pets,' as he called them, as happy as she could. But for all that he did not play with them as he used to do ; sometimes lie would start, as if ho were frightened, when thoy suddenly ad dressed liirn ; and not infrequently lie would stay away of an evening until they had gone to bed, evidently with the object of avoiding them. Nurse Pamelof noticed all this and laid it to heart, and the result was that sho determined) as soon as possible, as the weather was getting milder, to start off with the children, on what seemed to her a most perilous and unprece dented journey, to England. So one night she broached the matter to her husband. ' Peter,' she said, ' I've been thinking it isn't right for tne to keep those little lambs here any longer. Mistress bade me take them to England as soon as possible. Hor words vera 'as soon as possible,' and now it seems to me that the time has come. I'm sorry to go away from you, Peter, but it will only take me a week or two at the most, and you'll have to be a bachelor again, as you used to be, for that little time; and, if you like, Niece Marianne will come and stay while I'm away.'' Peter was reading a newspaper when she began to speak, and Mrs. Pamelof noticed that it trembled in his hand as if ha were palsied. ' Are you not well, Peter 1 What ails you 1 I declare you are as white as a ghost.' And she ran to get him some restorative. ' Oh ! it's nothing, wife ; it's nothing,' he answered. Then he was silent for a minute; but when she brought him the restorative, he drank' it eagerly, and then, in a voice very sad, but very earnest, he said, — ' Wife, there ate troubles ahead. Don't ask me about them ; but if you hear or find out anything about me, try to think the best of me you can. I have only done what I have been bidden .by those to whom I have sworn that I would give everything, even life itself, in the cause of freedom.' Tears stood in his eye3,' as he' took up his hat and coat, ready to go out. 'Oh! Peter, Peter, do give' up these men and these dreadful secret societies. There I have it,' she said ; ' come with me to England, and let us try to make a living there, and be near to the dear children; aiid away from these cruel men.' , ^ 'No, \yife, it cannot he.; it' is too late.' What I have done can never beJ'uiidpne,' lie said sadly. 'Tell me what you mean plainly ; let me know all ; yoa know you may trust me, Peter.' 'I would trust you with anything, but I cannot tell you now, and the time for me to go has come.' Then kissing his wife with along, loving kiss, he tore himself away and went out.' Nurse Pamelof sat down and had a good, cry, and for a long time she rocked herself to arid fro, as nurses do by habit, and felt more miserable than she had ever felt in her life. But by-and-by a thought struck her : 'I dare say Peter has thrown up his situation, so as to have more time for these horrid men, and has not told me; and why he will not go to England is because he thinks it will ruin us. But mistress had thought about that, and had put up separately many more pounds than we shtill ever want, to repay 'us, as she thought, for our time and trouble, as she called it. I never meant to take a penny of it from those darlings, but it is my own ; it - was her gift, and if I can use it to save Peter from these men, I'm sure she would be pleased if she knew, and I'll do it.' Wiping her eyes briskly, sho sat upright awhile to think ; then she made herself a good strong cup of tea ; and then, satisfied that Peter would not be home 'for some time, and that there was no chance of being interrupted, she carefully drew down all the blinds and locked the door. She would get the purse and see how much money there really was, and wbuld read again the plain directions that Mrs. Harley had scribbled down and enclosed in the purse, instructing her how it would be best for her to proceed in getting the children to England. She went to the place whore sho had hidden' tho purse, and renchcd out her hand to take it. For a m inu to or two sho stood thore stone still. Then with a short, sharp cry, she fell to the ground, as if she had been stunned. The purso, and everything it contained, had gone 1 (To he Continued.) , 