TUe Cradock Ghost. A correspondent of the Port Augusta Des patch writing from Carrieton on May 4, says : -"Last nightM.C. Shegog visited the haunted house in occupation of Mr. C. Homdorf, near Yanyarrie, Shortly after his arrival there M.C. ThomaB with Mr. Baker, of Hammond, happened to drop in also, for the purpose of investigating the mystery. After some sensa tional anecdotes about his ghostship, the light was put out, and within a few minutes a rapping was heard on the slate floor, The visitors were in formed by Mr. Hamdorf and friends that if a light was struck, or they went too clo3e to a certain little girl, the noise would cease. M.C. Shegog went to the spot where the rapping was heard, stooped down, and putting his hand out felt a foot tapping on the floor. The noise immediately ceased, and recom menced on a little box upon which the girl before mentioned was sitting. M.C. Shegog then went to the box and took hold of the little girl's hands, and the knocking stopped again. Mr. Hamdorf remarked that the spirit wanted a rest, and a light was struck. After a little conversation the room was again darkened. M.C. Shegog then crouched down in a dark corner of the room opposite the window, before which was a white blind, and it being a bright moonlight night, he could easily distinguish any object between him and it. He saw a boy who lives with the Hamdorfs move his "hands about, as if pulling a string, and as he expected the rapping at once commenced, and kept time with the motions of the boy's hand. M.C. Thomas then asked some questions, but received no answer, though the rapping continued steadily. M.C. Shegog got up to go towards the boy, when the rapping ceased, and the boy moved nearer the chimney. The visitors then went outside, and after a short consultation the rapping recommenced, and M.C. Shegog on going inside was requested not to go near the box upon which the little girl was sitting, as the spirit was rapping loud on the bottom of the box and he might disturb it; but he crept quietly up, and put his hand between the box and the girl's heel, the result being several kicks on the hand. The knocking then commenced on the top of the box, and on putting his hand where the sound was, he received three raps from the girl's knuckles. The knocking then ceased, and did not commence again until M.C. Shegog was heard to speak in the middle of the room. Mr. Hamdorf asked if the spirit was getting tired, and was answered in the affirmative by three faint knocks. The visitors then'left, pretending to think it was a great mystery, but satisfied that it was a groat fraud." 