FICTION. -:0: tro» Callisto, Viwrlcau, anil otn*r Pirladlcali. FAITHFUL TO THE END. CHAPTER IX. ONE NIGHT'S MTBTERT. As he spoke, he threw back the folds of the heavy cloak which enveloped his fair captive. The blaze of strong light for an instant nearly blinded Verlie. Then, as her eyes became accustomed to the dazzling light, she found that she was in a high, rocky cavern. Sough slab benches were ranged around the -walls, and formed its only article of furniture, and upon theso benches lounged a score of men-a fierce, dark, bloodthirsty-looking crew, from whose nautical air Verlie at once knew them to be sailors. All were armed with pistols and daggers stuck in their bolts, and wore heavy black crape masks pulled low over their swarthy faces. With a feeling of sick terror, Verlie staggered hack against the wall, as the dreadful conviction that she had fallen into a den of pirates or smug- glers forced itself upon her mind. In a few words her captor explained the situation to>the men, adding, thoughtfully: " As she witnessed the duel, and in that particu- lar locality, our safety demanded that she must be hound by an oath of silence, ere she is permitted to go free." "Don't let her go, Captain. She will turn informer," shouted every one present, simul- taneously. " Silence !" said the man whom they addressed as captain, with a sudden flash of his eye, and in a tone that made the boldest quail. " You have no right to make me your prisoner," panted Verlie; indignantly, "and I demand my freedom. I can see you aro i cowardly set of law- breakers, and I know you must be the pirates who infest the harbour, and for whose apprehension such large rewards have been offered by the authorities ; but to waylay and entrap defenceless girls is a crime which ought to be too mean for even outlaws." A fierce murmur ran through the cavern at Verlie's daring words j but no one dared express his anger aloud. " Allow mo to set you right, fair lady," replied her captor, with a cynical smile. " We did not .ntrap you. You threw yourself into our power. And" (here he lowered his voice to a significant ?whisper) " let me beg of you to use more respectful language when speaking of us. There is a spirit in my men that your words will be apt to arouse, and which I may find it difficult to subdue. I am sorry it is not in my power to comply with your request. Neither I nor my men would feel safe in this retreat afterwards if we let you go free. " In short, it is my painful duty to inform you that you must remain with us, at least until such time as this harbour caviirn is deserted by us, unless» as I said before, you arc willing to take a solemn oath never to reveal what you have seen or heard this night. Will you take that oath ?" . " No," cried Verlie, indignantly j " not to save myself from death, much less from imprisonment, would I see you escape the punishment of the law you so richly deserve. You above all should face the gallows, for I saw you take a human life to- night." " The very moment I am free, that same moment I will inform upon you, and tell them the entraneo to your retreat must be somewhere in the rear of the ruins of the old stone church in the graveyard. I will consider myself doing an act of justice to the world in ridding it of a band of robbers and mur- derers." In a single moment, ae if pandemonium had sud- denly been let loose, each man was on his feet with a volley of oaths, and, in a twinkling, a score or more drawn revolvers, glistened in the garish lampt light. " Lower your weapons comradeu," commanded the handsome young chief, grimly. '. I will attend to this defiant little beauty." » The lovely blue eyes flashed him a look of scorn ; the golden, curly head crested itself proudly. "Do not touch me !" she cried; as he grasped her arm firmly. Out of my way I" he cried harshly, to the men .who would have barred his exit. " I will give her into Hagar's hand for the present. Before we dis- perse tonight we will settle her future. " You will follow me," he said, not unkindly as he turned to Verlie. She had no choice but to follow, but the first few steps became so painful she dropped at his feet in a deep swoon. Raising her quickly in his arms, he hore her swiftly through a long narrow passage, and into an inner apartment, where an old coloured woman sat busily sowing. "Lor, Marse Lance?" she cried, "what in the ?world has yo' got thar ?" He pushed impatiently past her, and laid the slight girlish figure in his arms hastily down on a rude couch, fashioned out of buffalo robe3 and blankets, that occupied the further corner. Black Hagar hobbled after him with all the curiosity of her race. " I'll tend that ar chile, Marse Lance !" she cried am she dead or in a faint like ?" ," She has fainted," he replied briefly. "I'll fetch her to, quick 'nuff. You men don't un'stan' sech 'fairs." "Be quick about it, then," he retorted, im- patiently, as he turned on his heel. An exclam- ation from Black Hagar quickly arrested his steps. '* Oh, Lor'!" she cried out in astonishment gaz- ing down on the white, upturned face, upon which the fitful rays of the swinging oil-lamp glimmered fitfully, *' this young gal am as lovely as a born angel. There'll be a sceno when-" " Never mind making comments ; attend to your own affairs," sharply exclaimed the man whom she addressed as " Marse Lance." " Set about restor- ing her if you can. She has a badly sprained ankle. The deuce and all would be to pay if I were obliged to called in a doctor. I'll come this way in course of an hour and see how she is. When he returned to the cavern again he found Black Hagar still working over her patient. " It am no use, Marse Lance," she declared. " The pain o' this har foot has set her dar dclarus. She can't be brung too ¡ you'll have to fetch a doctor sha'.'-' " A doctor !" he cried, staggering back and gnash- ing his teeth in impotent rage. " It isn't to be thought of ; no one must see the girl here. Why, that would ruin us, you old fool. Send for a docto^ indeed, to spread the startling discovery of this underground cavern that leads to the harbour, and that, too, in tho very heart of the city ! Why, wo- man, you must be mad." She had been vainly trying to restore the lovely young stranger to consciousness, but all her efforts seemed futile. The little white hands grew icy cold under her touch, the strong coidial she had forced between the girl's white lips failed to draw back the fleeting breath, and the lovely face, framed in its sheen of golden hair, grew marble white under her frightened gaze. " It's life or death, Marse Lance," declared Black Hagar ¡ " her life am in yo' hands, Poor thing ; it ara a pity to let her die, elie am so young an' fair." An hour later a tall, bearded man stood upon the steps of Dr. Keith's residence. There came such a thundering knock at the front door, and, directly after, such a peal at the office bell, as made the doctor spring from his bed and grind something like an imprecation with the groan that fell from his lips. " You're to go and see a person taken suddenly and uncommonly bad," his servant announced ¡ '* the gentleman says his carriage is at the door, and your to come immediately if you please, air." Dr. Keith groaned. The snow was falling and drifting, the night was dark as the regions of Pluto. In five minutes he had joined the gentleman waiting in the passage below. Ho found the stranger pacing up and down with great impatience. " So you have come at last, Doctor," he exclaimed ; " your minutes have seemed long hours." " Is it a gentleman or a lady whom you wish me to see ?" asked the doctor, hurrying on his overcoat, " A lady," was the abrupt reply. " Is she one of my patients or a stranger, and what is the nature of the case ?" " For Heaven's sake, don't stop to talk now !" exclaimed the gentleman. "I'll tell you aa we drive along. We have five miles to go through this blinding snow-storm, and the road is bently. The doctor hastened after him to the carriage, and the driver whirled them off directly. That was a drive and a night Dr. Keith never forgot. Where was this dark- browed stranger taking him? he wondered. And why was he so silent ? He had not caught só much as a glimpse of his face. A slouched hat was pulled over it, revealing only an aquiline nose, and a pair of piercing, hard, brilliant eyes ¡ the rest of his face was entirely concealed by the coat-collar turned up around it. He was no coward, this fair-haired young doctor j but as the carriage whirled along he could not help but remember that there were, perhaps, more thrilling events in the lives of doctors than any other class of men in the world-events that might have been romantic if they had not ended in cruel tragedies. Ho remembered the story of the " Mad Philoso pher," who for many years had made away with doctors in BO mysterious a manner that the cruel crimes wore never traced to him until after his own death, when he left a half-written book explaining that doctors should never be permitted to exist, as they interfered with God's wishes by curing the sick, when they should be left to the will of Heaven, and further explaining that he had been patiently engaged in the work of exterminating them for years. And Dr. Keith remembered, too, the story of the aged doctor who had accompanied a stranger on just such a wild night, and was never seen again. A dozen or more tragic fates of doctors recurred to him. His musings and strange forebodings were brought to au abrupt end. The coach was brought to a sudden stop, and immediately a score or more of dark forms surrounded the carriage in which the doctor and the mysterious stranger sat. The doors on both sides of the vehicle were thrown violently open, and by the light of the carriage lamps Dr. Keith saw that the coach was surrounded by mas- ked men. " Footpads !" was his mental ejaculation, as his hand quickly sought his breast-pocket. "Here, none of that!" they exclaimed, throwing up his right arm. "You have fallen into rough hands, my fine Doctor, and the best plan for you is to como along quietly with us. If you act like a man, we will show you how we treat men j but if you get up a scene, by the Lord Harry, we will show you how to deal with fools mighty quick. You must consent to have your eyes firmly bandaged i and come along quietly." Dr. Keith hesitated a moment, weighing his chances of escape. " If I go with you," he said, " when may I be permitted to return ?" "Before daylight, Doctor," was the prompt reply. "And do you assure mo I am to see some one in need of my professional services ?" he inquired. "Yes," answered the spokesman, "and each moment is valuable." " Then I will go with you ho responded. He was conducted down a path and down a flight of stone steps, the precaution being taken, however to bind a heavy woollen scarf firmly over his eyes. Another long path was travelled. Then a door was swung back on its hinges. " Your patient is in there, Doctor," one of the men said briefly, unfastening the bandage from his eyes. Dr. Keith found himself in a large, circular apartment, whose walls and ceiling were draped in heavy folds of satin ¡ and from the ceiling, sus- pended from a gilded chain, was a silver lamp.. Upon a luxurious couch in one end of the room lay a slender form. A tall negro woman, with a bright red turban bound around her head, was bending over the sufferer. The doctor hastily appoacbad the couch. He could scarcely repress the cry of surprise that rose to bis lips as his eyes fell upon the face on the pillow. It was the most beautiful girlish face he had ever beheld. *' Why am yo' doin' nuffin fo' her, Doctor ?" demanded the black woman, sharply eying him, with a glowing light in her eyes, not at all pleased at the rapt admiration with which he was gazing j on the girl's face, and muttering that Marse Lance waa a fool to bring a handsome young man Uko this to doctor the girl, and that ton to one ho would fall in love with her, and there would be no end to mischief then. Her words aroused the young doctor, recalling him to a sense of duty. The swollen ankle was skilfully treated, and the delirious fever (a com- plication of diseases in this case) allayed ; and the blue eyes began to quiver with returning conscious- ness. A moment later and the blue, velvety eyeB had flared open wide. At that moment Black Hagar made a sign to the man pacing up and down outside, and immediately the young doctor waB requested to take his depa ture. Again ho was blindfolded and conducted back to the main road, placed in a carriage, and, after a long, swift ride, again found himsolf in front of his own door richer hy a bank-note for a large amount in his vest pocket, still accompanied by the dark browed stranger. " When shall I como again to see the young lady ?" he inquired, stepping out of the coach and into the deep snow-drifts. " There is no nood for you to see her again." -»as the brusque reply. " You are well paid for your night's work. If you're wanted we know were to find you." " But there is need of my coming again," per- sisted the young doctor. " Excuse me, I shall be the best judge of that,'» retorted his companion, haughtily. " And, mark me, Doctor, breathe one word of to-night's experience at your peril. You never know whether you are surrounded by friends or foes." " I shall not mention it," returned the doctor, equally haughty. The carriage door was shut to with a bang, and the vehicle whirled off into the Plutonian darkness from whenre it came. " I will see the young girl again," the young doctor muttered, as he made his way through the snow-drifts up the steps of his house. " I will go through fire and water and seas of blood but what I will unravel this night's mystery." CHAPTER X. WHAT HAPPENED AT MIDNIGHT. When Rutledge Chester had left the library, after that startling disclosure to his mother as to why Verlie had lett them so suddenly, Mrs. Chester walked slowly up and down the room, buried in the most profound thought. " How blind I muBt have been," she murmured» clasping her jewelled hands together, " not to have foreseen a contretemps of this kind when two such lovely young' girls were brought under the same roof with my son. " I thank God matters are not worse," she went on, huskily. " Ah, I dare not think what might have happened had it been Uldene to whom his heart had gone out, for he could never have wedded her. The strange disclosure in Mark Sef ton's letter would have prevented it. Oh, how thankful I am to Heaven his choice did not rest on beautiful, un- fortunate Uldene." A moment later Mrs. Chester had hurriedly quitted the library. The sound of her footsteps had scarcely died away ere a white trembling hand thrust aside the curtains of the bay window, and the slight figure the silken hangings had concealed sprang pantingly into the room. It was Uldene herself, white as a veritable ghost, and quivering with bitter, suppressed rage. " She is glad ho did not choose me!" she panted, with a little wild laugh. " Why, I wonder ? Am I not as lovely as Verlie, with her fair, babyish, dimpled face and coaxing ways ? What could have been in the letter she spoke of, I wonder, to prevent Rut- ledge Chester from wedding me, if he had but loved me. I muet, I will know. She keeps all her letters in the small iron safe in her room. It must be there. I will find it to-night-yes, to-night." With hurried steps and beating heart, she re- traced her steps to her own room, and there she found Mrs. Chester, who had come to break the startling news to her as to why Verlie had dis- appeared so suddenly. If she had not been a consummate actress, during that scene she would have betrayed hertelf. It was an intense relief to her whan she found herself alone. She never remembered how the long evening wore away. It was midnight a last. The gilded clock on the mantel chimed the hours softly ; but Uldene heard it, and springing from her couch, where she had thiown herself, she tiptoed to the door and stole noiselessly from the room. The gas jets under their rose- coloured shades were turned low, throw grotesque, weird shadows flickering down the corridor. " I glide so well I might be mistaken for a ghost if anyone were to see me," thought Uldene, paus- ing before Mrs. Chester's apartment. " Ah," she murmured, with infinite satisfaction, " she has not fastened the door. It yields to my touch." She threw it open softly and entered. The shaded night lamp upon the table threw a dim light about the room, revealing the form on the couch and the safe beyond in the alcove, half concealed by heavy velvet curtains. Trembling with suppressed excitement, the desperate girl stole carefully forward, and was soon kneeling before the iron safe. The key was usually in the lock ; it was not there now. Here was an unlooked for dilemma. Mrs. Chester moved uneasily on her pillow, and at that instant a cord about her neck attracted Uldene's attention. Without an instant's deliberation she crept to the couch and bent, with bated breath, over the sleeper. "Pate favors me," thought Uldene-she had detected the fumes of a strong sleeping potion Mrs. Chester had taken before retiring, to allay the intense pain of an aching tooth ; " she will sleep safely enough through it all." Quickly severing the cord in twain, Uldene held the coveted key in her hand. As she turned away she distinctly heard Mrs. Chester murmur : " Ah, thank God ! fate has not destined my boy to love Uldene-beautiful, hapless Uldene." The girl drew back with a smothered, gasping cry: "Those horrible words again ! What could they mean ?" With white, set face, Uldene glided to the safe and inserted the key. The door swung back on its hinges with a lond, ominous creak. Uldene sprang from her knees before the safe and turned to the couch. Mrs. Chester moved uneasily on her pillow, but the sound did not wake her, and again Uldene knelt trembling before the safe. In a crimson velvet jewel case to the right lay the sparkling Chester diamonds, and on the left a packet of papers, and beyond them several letters. Quickly abstracting the two letters she found in Mark Sefton's well-known chirography, she thrust them hastily in her pocket, closed the safe hurriedly and softly, and turned quickly toward the couch to replace the key-turned, and found herself face to face with Nanon, Mrs. Chester's maid. | i In moments of the most thrilling danger, har lened criminals display the most heroic coolness < ind courage. Uldene Sefton had counted the cost, ¡ ind had planned what she should do in a case of emergency, should elie be discovered in her attempt to gain possession of that all-important letter. \- Quick as thought she executed her clever plan. She gave a little suppressed scream, gazing around her with well-simulated surprise : " Ob, where am I ?" she cried, in pretended be- wilderment, and clasping her white hands. "Oh, I ara in somebody's roora. 1-I-pray you ?will forgive me. My old habit of sloep-walking must have come over mo again." Cleverly as Uldeno had carried out her daring idea, she had not succeeded in deceiving the French maid. ' " I have heard of people walking about in their sleep many a time before," whispered Nanon significantly, " but I have never heard of a somnam- bulist doing what you tried to do to-night. " Why, what did I try to do ?" said Uldene in pre- tended wonder ; but beneath her cool bravado she was terriblly excited. " You were tiying to open Mrs. Chester's safe/' declared Nanon, bravely. "You impudent creature, how dare you intimate such a thing?" gasped Uldene, fairly livid with rage. " It is true," whispered the girl, stolidly. "Do you know what I could do with you for making such a false statement ?" whispered Uldene, gliding np closo to her-so near that her hot breath scorched the girl's cheek. " No matter what you could do 5 I would stand my ground, and let the whole wide world know what you have tried to do," declared the girl defiantly. " I could say it was i/ou who attempted to open that safe to-night, and ray sudden entrance pre- vented you from accomplishing it. Who would believe your word against mine ? The consequence would be instant discharge, and it would be hard for you to gain another place with such a cloud like that resting on your name." There are women that possess the deadly mag- netic fascination of a serpent, and Uldene was one of them. She held the girl spell-bound under her cool, keen steady glance. "On the other hand," continued Uldene, cau- tiously, " keep my pitiful habit of sleep-walking a' secret-a dead secret between yeu and me-and I will reward you handsomely for it. Do you consent ?" As she spoke she slipped a glittering ring from her finger, placing it in the girl's rough, toil hardened hand. " Will you take this and promise me this shall be a dead secret between you and me ?" she asked, keenly watching the girl's face. The ring had been a present from Mrs. Chester to Uldene at Christmas. She had no_idea of its great value. There are few maidB that can withstand a per- suasive argument of that kind. Dearly as the girl loved her mistress, the glitter- ing bauble overcame her scruples. " No one shall ever know. I promise you, Miss Uldene/ the girl answered slowly. " Thank you," replied the beautiful, guilty cul- prit, gliding from the room. Gaining her own apartment, after taking partic- ular care to secure the door, Uldene pantingly sank into the nearest seat, drawing the letter from her pocket. Slowly the clock on the mantel struck the hour of one-then two. Still Uldene Sefton sat with the fatal letter in her hands. Word by word for a dozen times she had slowly read and re- read Mark Sef ton's strange revelation (concerning herself) to Mrs. Chester. At last she knew all of her history that was known to the Seftons-knew that the honest, bronzed light-house keoper was not her father, and that the golden-haired girl who had won Rutledge Chester from her was not her sister. She read, too, with a white, awful face of the terrible secret her young mother had struggled so hard to tell, concerning the little babe she was fated to leave with the honest light-house keeper's wife ; and a horrible fear ran through Uldene's heart as she read the awful warning those dying lips had uttered : " 27its babe must never love, for she must never marry." "What curse is it that rests over my head like a drawn sword?" she cried out, sharply, as she cursed the letter in her death cold-hands " Am I to live without love all my life through ? I cannot-I will not believe it ! Though it should bo my eternal doom, I will wed Rutledge Chester if I can win him, for I love him better than my own life-better tht*n my own soul. Aye, though angels or devils warned me, I should be deaf to their warnings. I would defy fate itself to become his bride." CHAPTER XI. A GREAT SURPRISE. Rutledge Chester's determination to go abroad was a serious blow to his mother ¡ but her grief was slightly assuaged by his promise that he would remain with her at least a month longer. That was a month never to be forgotten by Uldene, for it stood out from her life like a bright star long after the future years were clouded over with the deepest gloom. With every day that dawned, with every sun that rose and set, Uldene's love for handsome Rutledge Chester deepened. The world was nothing to her ; she became ab- sorbed in this one passion ; it was her life, her all. There are some to whom the fatal gift of a great love is given. They are the happiest, even as they are the moBt miserable. They reach the highest bliss that life offers and they know the most bitter of its pains. It happens so often that a great love is lavished in vain ¡ it was so in Uldene's case. Handsome Rutledge Chester, who had given all the love of his heart to beautiful, golden-haired Verlie, never knew, never dreamed, of this growing attachment that was springing up in Uldene's heart ion him. He must have been blind that he did not read the story thoBe wondrous dark eyes, half hidden by their curling lashes, told him ; that he did not notice, if by accident his hand touched against hers, how her little white hand trembled, how her cheeks flushed and paled at the sound of his voice, and her heart beat at the sound of his aproaching footstep. There was something pitiful in her great love for him. Were the senator and his wife blind, too, that they did not notice the girl's wild, idolatrous love for their handsome son ? " Ah ! so it seemed, or they would have parted them at once. It would have been a deed of mercy. As for Rutledge Chester, he plunged recklessly in the mad whirlpool of social life, to forget, aB far as waa in his power, the fair-faced girl whose loss had made the world desolate for him. , He turned for sympathy to Uldene, and in this way they were thrown into each other's society , more than before. i It happened that long before Verlie's departure cards had been sent out for a grand ball, to bo given by Mrs Chester. Tableaux were to be the main feature of the entertainment. And Verlie had rehearsed with Rutledge to enact that beauti- ful, tragic love poem, "The Parting of the Lovers." Rutledge would have given much to have been able to resign his part, but those having the tab- leaux would not hear of it. Uldene could take the absentee's place, they declared, and so they settled it. There was no help for it, so Rutledge manfully crushed out the throb of despair in his heart caused by tho bitter-sweet memory of a fair face lost to him forever, and went on with the rehearsal. These rehearsals but fed the flame of hapless Uldene's love. They were as dangerous as an in- toxicating draught of a sweet, honeyed poison. " The Parting of the Lovers" was one of the sweetest and saddeBt love poems ever written. The scene which they were to enact, and from which the poem took its name, was sublime. It represen- ted a lovely, dark-eyed girl and her lover, who had met upon the sands at midnight to take a lost, tearful farewell to each other. A strangely cruel fate parted them. A dying father's cnrse, if they two wedded, had torn their hearts asunder. The scene is sublime. The white stretch of beach, and the dark, curling waters at their feet, lighted up by the tender, pitying light of the moon ; the two figures standing out against the dark background ; the girl's beautiful white arms clasping him, while the tragic sorrow on her lovely face reveals but too eloquently that it is for the last time. The dread moment has come. Her lover must unclasp her arms, when-ah ! how sholl I picture it ?-he finds that the bright young life of his beautiful love has gone out with the last, fervent caress ¡ and, maddened with despair, grief and horror, the desperate heart-broken lover clasps hiB darling closer in his arras, and leaps far out into tim waves with her, and they are never seen again. They would have been parted in life ; but they have gone down into the dark abyss of death clasped heart to heart. It was little wonder that these rehearsals nearly betrayed the secret Uldene would have died rather then reveal. When she saw the expression of earnest, almost adoring love that Rutledge tried so hard to repre- sent, a crimson flush seemed to scorch her cheek and brow. It was " only acting" on his part, but it was all strangely real to her. She lulled herBelf with sweet dreams that were fatal to her. A wild, longing wish came to her that the rehearsals might go on forever. They seemed a part of her existence. Under the able superintendence of those who had taken the affair in hand, the drawing-roam were most effectively arranged for the tableaux. The inner and smaller one was divided from the large room by a long, sweeping curtain of rich crimson silk ¡ a very neat stage had been erected ; and in the large room the chairs for the guests were arranged in a circle. Soon after eight the roll of carriages began, and burden after burden was deposited at the Chester mansion. " Charades and tableaux at nine." So read the dainty Batin programme. " Dancing at ten." When the silver clock rang out in musical chimes the hour of nine, the lights of the room were subdued, there was a Boft sound of music, and the rose- colored silk curtain was drawn up on one of the prettiest tableaux ever arranged. It was a scene from " The Jailer's Daughter"-a scene where a jailer's daughter, who had fallen in love with a handsome prisoner steals the key from beneath her stern old father's pillow, and throws open the door of her lover's prison and sets him free. The next was a scene from " Cupid at school." -a merry, fun-loving romp at boarding school, who had fallen in love with the young French dancing master, and who was detected at midnight being let down from the dormitory window in a clothes basket by her school-mates to keep her tryst with her impatient lover. The anger depicted upon the grim face of the virago of a principal, who had come unexpectedly upon upon the scene, brought warm applause and shouts of laughter. ^ Then, at the tinkling of the silver bell, the lights were turned low again. This was to be the last tableaux and the hit of the evening. The softest, saddest strains of music floated through the room. There was a hush, and as the silken curtain went up again, a murmur of admiration and surprise rang through the drawing-room. The tableaux was the parting of the lovers by the sea-shore. The white wave seemed to dimple and sparkle in the moonlight which fell upon the faces of the two lovers, clasped for the last time in each other's arms. It ¡vas little wonder people held their breath as they gazed upon the handsome face of Rutledge Chester as the iropaseioned lovpr. There was something almost sublime in the adoring love that lighttd up his dark, grave, kindly face, as he bent over his love. " If this was acting, what could the reality be !" they a3ked themselves. But as they gazed upon the face of the girl he clasped in his arms, there wonder grew. Her long, dark curling hair fell around her lovely face like a black veil. Was it fancy, or did the wondrous face of Uldene Sefton really whiten under their gaze, and her lips grew ashen pale. Was it love or terror that shone in the dark up- raised eyes ? The scene hold the vast audience spell-bound and frightened them as they gazed, until the silken curtain shut out the scene from their sight. And at that instant quite a scene was transpiring back of the curtain. In stepping back from the narrow platform which had served as a stage, one of the planks beneath the Brussels rug gave away, and Rutledge was precipitated to the floor below-a distance of ten feet or more-his head striking one of the pillars that supported the groined roof as he fell. A wild cry burst from Uldene's white lips. In an instant she was kneeling beside the bleeding, unconscious form. She raised his head in her white arms, attempting to staunch the blood that flowed from a wound on his temple, with sobs and bitter cries pitiful to hear. " Leave me with him until the doctor and his mother come3," she whispered, motioning them all away. Silently they quitted the apartment, closing the door softly after them ; and the gay strains of the dance music that struck up in the grand ball-room stifled the sound of her wailing cries. " Rutledge ! my love ! oh, my love ! if you die, Heaven must let me die too !" she sobbed, wildly, covering the white, unconscious face, the closed eyes, and the matted hair with passionate kisses in her terrible grief. " What would; life be to me without you ?" she moaned. " Oh, Rutledge, my love, you will never know how well I have loved you. I would give my live for yours. I would meet death to save you one pung." She clasped the unconscious form still closer ia white arms, caressing him with piteous agony, and S, murmuring broken words of love ovor him. " Unconscious, did I say ? It was not quite that For a few moments the force of the fall stunned and bewildered Rutledge Chester, but the action of the cold water with which Uldene bathed his face Wrought back his dazed senses at once. He felt the clasp of the clinging arms about him. The passionate, wailing, broken words of love that were sobbed out over him fell like a shock upon his startled ears. Sheer amazement and consternation chained his dazed sensoB. Should ho open his eyes and falter : " Forgive me Uldene ¡ I have unconsciously discovered your love for me ?" It would be worse than death tothe girl's proud nature ; the shock, the cruel embarrass- ment would prostrate her. Yet it was equally em- barrassing to him to receive the assurances of her wild, idolatrous love, with closed eyes, she believing him to bo unconscious. Rutledge Chester was a gentleman and a man of honor in the strictest senBe of tho word; yet be- tween duty and delicacy he scarcely knew which way to turn. Fortunately the doctor's quick footsteps relieved him in his strangely trying dilemma. The usual restoratives were applied; then he dared open his eyes. Uldene stood beside him with a white, scared face. ' ' " Oh, Doctor, tell me-is he badly hurt or not ?" I cannot bear suspense," he heard her say, piteonsly. " Badly hurt ? Oh, no, my dear," replied the doctor, cheerfully. " I am glad to say Mr. Chester has had a miraculous escape. He has had a bad fall-a slight scalp wound-and was stunned, thatf? all. I'll venture to say ho will be all right in a day or so." Rutledge Chester looked up into her face, his owned flushing painfully. His heart Bmote him with a strange pity. The great, dark, velvety eye» that fell so quickly under his gaze were wet with tears. (To be continued.) 