Junior Cricket. Tho Junior Cup matches played on Satur day afternoon woro much moro important ' than tho geuorality. Tho match botween tho Wontworths and Marrickvilles was eoneludcd early, tho former winning by somo 70 odd runs. Thero was only ono player, Griggs, who mado a decent show with tho willow for tho suburban team, who could only muster up 80 runs. That tho Marrickvilles aro a sterl ing club wo doubt not, but tho victors woro rather too good for them. On tho conclusion of this matoh tho Kydes and Wontworths commonood thoir second last match for tho Cup, but liko tho provious contest tho scor . ing wiw miserably low, wliioh is moro to bo accounted for by tho rare bowling talent than tho bad wickots. Tho Wontworths going in first wero all out for 54 runs. W. Burcher and Green wero tho only pair to reach double figures, whilst thoso who woro l9oked upon as likely to troublo tho bowKrs— Sparkes and Pickings— did noxt to nothing. J. Spur way and Dookor trundled famously in this innings. Tho Rydos had ono wickot down for 6 runs when stumps wero drawn. This match promises to furnish a very close and exciting finish, but probably by tho scoring will bo somewhat larger during tho next day's nlav. ' On tho southern wickot, on tho saino ground, tho Voronas and Ormondos mot for tho Cohon Oup. The former, winnhif? tho toss, wont in on a rare wickot, and despite tho fact that tho Ormondos had got a much stronger toam to gether on this occasion, thoy rccoivnd a regular, gruelling, being kopt in tho field tho whole afternoon, tho wickets putting omnn mind of a go-as-you-please tournament. Tho Voronas, when tho stumps woro drawn, had umassod no loss than 205 runs for tho loss of six wickots. Despite tho fact that the scoring was unusually heavy, tho Ormondes Btuok manfully to their work, but after all it' was only battling against fate, and wo do not think thoy havo what is termed ' a ghost of a show ' of winning. Watson, Ldmundson, Goo, and Richardson cach played well for their runs, tho former especially so. Richard son is not out with 29 to his credit, and as ho was shaping vory well indeed, he will givo somo troublo to tho bowlers boforo thoy dislodgo him. M'Mahon and Goldman bowled best for tho Ormondes, whilst tho fiolding all round was good. Mitchell, one of tho Ivanhoo players, repre sented tho Ormondes, but his bowling was knockod about everj whero. This match will not bo rosumed on Saturday noxt, on account of tho holidays, &o.; A Burpriso camo when tho Glonmores wero beaten by tho Emeralds, as it was genoraJIy thought tho first named would win. In my humblo opinion, however, I must say that tho Glentnores would havo won, and that vory easily too, woro it not that so many batsmen wero absent. Yates, who was 20 not out, from tho previous Saturday's play, did not put in an appearance, and thus thoy missed thoir best batsman in both innings, besides which some other good players woro absent, and as they woro only beaten by 1G runs, it is very probable that thoy must havo won. woro it not for this. Tho bowling of Quailey and Driver in both innirgs for tho winners was excellent, whilst Bowden also trundled vory well. The wicket iB in a vory bad state, and certainly wants ropairing and putting into playing order, as it bumps dreadfully, and when tho matting is off, it presents to tho oyo an appcaranco of a bare patch half overgrown in tho grass. It is to bo hoped that it will bo repaired before tho match between tho Richmond and Camperdowns comes on for decision, if not somo ' rosy' bowling averages should bo tho result. Each of tho crack clubs, excopting tho Verona, havo been defeated onco, and on tlio next defeat they stand out, thus somo most exciting games will bo played during tho noxt few weeks. Tho match between tho Marylobones and Redfern Cambridge terminated in a most decisive victory for tho Moore Park team, who won by 107 runs. ThoMarylobones led from almost the start to finish. At tho commence ment of tho gamo it looked any odds on tho Redfern team, as four of tho Marylobones wero down for 7 runs, but thanks to Harring ton and Arnold things looked brighter, and gaining a good lead on tho first innings they thus won easily. Tho Cambridge havo, per haps, mot a stronger eleven than themselves, but wo arc suro that they novor showed anything liko their truo and genuine form, and they wero altogether at variance with Dame Fortune. They had all tho worst of tho ltyht, especially in tho first part of tho first innings, and then they missed so many chances in tho field. One matter in connec tion with this match wo would refer to, and that is that several not out decisions given by tlio new umpire wero by no means fair ; at all events, wo noticed a couple which wore en tirely wrong, and both wero given against tho Cambridge. Ono of theso was a catch behind the wickets, and tho other a log-beforo de cision. Tho former was a most palpable ono, and wo would advise this umpiro to keep a stricter oyo and doliberato a littlo boforo giving his decisions, but at tho samo timo, if he is at all doubtful, to givo them in favour of the batsman. The Marylobones can now claim thoir first victory ovor tho Redforn Cambridge, but though tho latter woro defeated by one hun dred runs wo aro positively certain that thero is nothing liko this difference between tho clubs. Tho Marylobones will now bo in tho final for tho third time in succession. Tho South Australian Cricketing1 Asso ciation have suggested to the Victorian Cricketers' Association that a match be played in Adelaide during the Jubilee Exhibition. In connection with claims for expenses in intercolonial matches made by Worrall, Morris, Houston, M'Shane, and Walters, the Victorian Cricketers' Association have decided to pay the accounts, but as a strong opinion was expressed that the rule relating to the matter was being abused, Mr. riensance gave notico of his intention to move at next special meeting that the rule be rescinded. The cricketers of the other colony %vill he soon such superfine gentlemen that they will think it beneath them to play good cricket. At the meeting of the Victorian Cricketers' Association, Mr. E. D. Heather suggested to the association the desira bility of appointing a committee to con sider and report upon the best means of revi\ Ing the interest in club cricket. Mr. G. Gordon also intended to draw attention to the matter. On his resolution a sub committee, composed of Messrs. Barlow, Madden, Donovan, Greig, Clarke, and the mover was appointed to report as to the bust luoaun. The trophy presented by Messrs. 'Wil- liamson, Garner, and Musgrove, of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, to the Victorian Cricketer's Association, must be won twice, not necessarily in successive seasons, before becoming the absolute property of any batsman, The holder of the trophy is entitled to free admission to the Theatre Royal. The winner lias to play in seven intercolonial, international, or Saturday club matches. The hon. sec. of the WaverleyC.C. sends the following m refutation of the comments passed last week on the match against the Standard Brewery : — 'The -Waverley shippers won each toss, both for choice of iniii-iga and ball, but instead of their opponents coming forsvardwith a new bat1, ai is usually the case, they offered a second- hand Duke's, which they them selves admitted had been spoiled the pre vious Saturday by lain. The Waverley *s ; courteously agreed to play with it, but as it proved, to their cost. During the innings of the Brewery it became uselessly out of shape, aud the local's offered to substitute a new one, which reasonable request was refused. As to the match being virtually a win for tho visitors, that no doubt is true, with the assistance of I substitutes. When cricketers learn that a sub. — a local man, by the way — obtained no Jess than six whkets of the Waverleys fcr 15 runs, and at a time when the other bowlers wero collared, they will at onco congratulate the Brewers upon their ' re presentative success/ ' The Petersham Oxford play the Leich hardt Oriental on Easter Monday, when a close game ought to result, both si les having some very good exponents of the game. Paddington. — A meeting of the above club was held on Friday night, at the Paddington Town Hall, Mr. W. C. Mar shall in the chair. An efficient committee was formed, comprising most of the influential members, in order to insure tho success' of the club before the active hos tilities of next season. Mr. H. Hiddles ton was elected honorary secretary ; Mr. D. W. Gregory, honorary treasurer. The other office-bearers were not re- elected , until the beginning of next season. A requisition has been drafted out for a ground on the local reserve on the Glen more-road, which will be presented to the council in due course. The object of the club is to institute borough club cricket, in lieu of the senior cricket, in which the public has now loat all interest. 