mature. Bees as Adversaries. Those who have personal knowledge nnil ex perience of bee-culture will hear out tbo re mark that bees are not particular.as to tbe size or the position oC tbe home in which they choose to dwell, bo that itsufliccs for them to carry on with security their won lerful opera tions. In their wild state cavities of rocks and hollow trees are alike available : and in tbeir domestic condition they have no pre ference for a straw castle over a bouse of wood, nor for a wooden house over a straw castle. . • , ' ? The bee, which, while under proper treat ment,, is one of man's b'.-st friends, proves, when molested, a terrible "foe. .Allusion is made to this by Moses, in his story of what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the wilderness. " 'i'lie Amorites came out against yen, and chased you as bees do, and destroyed you." The strength aiul force of their sting is such as to enable them to pierce the skin of the horse an I otherlarge animals, and kill them. Their ordinary speed when in (light is from sixty to eighty miles an hour, and they have been known to fly past (lie windows of an express train when travelling at full speed in the same direction. The bee's manner of attack is to dash straight at the object aimed tit; and commonly, when ex cited by the presence of some meddling per son, they will attack the face, aiming especi ally at the eyes. When tbe thousands which inhabit a hive are aroused by the sound'of alarm—well understood by all the inmates— to repel an. invader, they sally forth with a courage'and determination which none .can withstand, attacking their foes on every side with a fury it is impossible to resist. King David must have witnessed just such a scene, which lie reproduces in his description of the, fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelenting foe: " All nations compassed me about j they compassed me about like bees." Recently, the mishap of a porter in hand ling a bax of bees in transit, by railway created an amusing and rather alarming scene at the station. There was a general stam pede of passengers and officials flying in every direction chased by, the infuriated ,,bees. Catching the queen and placing her in the box, restored confidence and quiet, for, Hock ing loyally to her standard, the whole colony returned to the case, which was then sent on its way. . But even:this is a small affair com pared with what is related in nncient history of persons being driven from their habita tions, and the inhabitants ofan entire town boin^ compelled to flee before myriads of bees. yHlianus, who flourishc 1 about 200 A. D., gives ail instance of this in one of his seventeen books on animals. Mungo Park, the African traveller, mcntionsa modern in stance which took place near Dooproo: ''We had no sooner unloaded the asses than' some of the pcoplo being in search of honey, inop portunely disturbed a large swarm of bees. Thoy'came out in largo numbers, and at tacked 'men and beasts5 at'the same' time. Luckily, most of the as3es wore loose, and galloped up the valley ; but the 'horses and people were very much stung, and obliged to scamperoff in all directions, In faot, in half an hour the bees seemed to put an end to our journey. In the evening, when they became less troublesome and we could venture to col lect; our cattle, we foundmany of them much stung and swelled about, the head. Three asses were missing; one died in the evening, another next morning. Our guide lost his horse, and many of the people were much stung,about the head and face." Persistence of the Beaver; — The ;quickness with which a colony discovers a wholesale: attempt against ' their ■ peace is astonishing ; yet if their numbers are undis turbed, jor diminished but gradually, even the preBoncb of civilisation will not drive thom. them from their haunts. To-day beaver arc returning to streams in< Michigan,; long ago abandoned by-thoir race, simply because they find themselves unmolested, the demand for beaver-peltry being alight, and the prices paid out of all proportion to the labor entailed in trapping. It has been said that, if a dam or house' bo once injured by the hand of. man, the colony at once disappears. But that this is fallacious, is proved by the following :: Twenty- two'miles'from Marquette, Mich., on the Carp River, a beaver colony began the erection of a newdam., Though the embank ment of a" railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, and trains passed backward and forward daily, they seemed in -no way.;dis turbed, land worked steadily on until the water hod risen a foot or more. -The track master, observing that this endangered, the 'lino—for-the embankment, had been utilized as a wing of the dam—ordered the water-to bo drawn oil. But the following day tho beavers had repaired the dam cut through, and the!water was its former.hbight.' Again and again and again was the dam cut through, !and as often would it bo repaired;' All in all, it was cut and repaired some fifteen or twenty^ time? ere the beavers ■were sufficiently dis couraged to abandon their attempts. "-vWhite Sparrows-—Instead of the ordi nary'brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fiftcon'of tho thou sands of sparrows in.Macon, aro^wbite.-1 "Pro fessor Willettof Morcer University lias mado a closo study of insectivorous birds,' and when this1 fact was'i brought to his- attention ho supposed the white sparrows woro merely albinos. Nature plays lior freaks in all classes of the animal creation, and scatters, albinos among men, beasts and birds. Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white .ono is found. But tho, white,sparrows,at,Macon are too numerous to be accounted for ontlie theory of chance, which would- explajn tlio: presonco of ono in' a thousand. They ; are exactly like their companions in cvory re spect save color, and there is no ovldonco that tho Iwhite and dark sparrows have crossed; they uro all either solid wliito or solid brown. London Needle Women —The women engaged in the shirt trade arc to tlie full as ill off, os badly paid, and as much to be, pitied as wore their sisters in the day when Hood sang their sorrows and sufferings. The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making'starves rather than lives by it. She soon becomes in very deed. Tho seamstress, loan and weary, and wan, ; With only "the ghosts of garments on, who, " " In poverty, hunger and dirt, ... ; ! • Sews at onco with a double thread A shroud as'well as a shirt. , ,, ~' Happily, many of tho shirt bands arc not wholly dependent upon the earning of their needle. Numbers of the married women of tho poorer classes work at. tlio . shirt trade with, a; view to supplomcnting tho scanty wages1 of their husbands and tho additional income thus gained, though , it. may be but threo or four shillings a week, sensibly in creases tbo comfort of tho'houBebold. Con sidering the; wretched prices 'paid for tho work, tho surprising thing is that tho women should earn cvcii ' so much at .it as somo of thorn do. • Take the button-holing —',a leading branch of tho work. The holes ore rough: punohed in tho factories. tlio work-- of tho outdoor- hands;;-being to stitch them round. This button holing is. admittedly " niggling" work, and yot tho rato. at, which it is paid for by .the sweaters is a penny,per dozen collars.,-. As each.collar has tbrbo holes, the' hand, who finds her own needle and c^torij'has to stitch tbirtyrsix. holes for a penny. Even' so, somd (if tho ex ports,. by working long, hours, by rising< early on Summer mornings, and sitting late on Winter nights, by living on food that is ." ready to bo put into the mouth " chiefly bread and buttor, and oating as thoy work; by nclirig on thcs& lines sdms'of tlio button holers will earn as much as eight" or nine shillings por week.' The prices paid by the1 manufacturers who give it out in tho first instance aro probably such as would enable a skilled and industrious hand to make a living wago : but as matters stand such men are almost compelled lo employ middlemen, and the tender morcics of tlio sweater nro cruel. 