Tales and Sketches. A Parliamentary Candidate. [FROM TRUTH.] MR. Hornblower was a man of consider able importance in North London. This •was owing, in the first place, to his wealth. He possessed the largest gro cery establishment in the neighbourhood, with an over-increasing business. When his father first opened his shop in that district, the name of Hornblower was not known to fame, and for many years the old gentleman himself was better ac quainted with creditors than debtors. But as the son grew up, his energy and enterprise rapidly improved the business, and before his father died it had deve loped into a most profitable concern, and the once humble name of Hornblower had become a household word over half London. Hornblower's teas were only equalled by Hornblower's sugars ; while the merits of Hornblower's coffee and cocoa, pineapples and grapes, were duly chronicled in every newspaper and bla iaoned on every wall. N Another reason for Mr. Hornblower s importance was his public /spirit. In 'spite of the extraordinary demands which his extensive business made upon his time and energy, he allowed himself to he elected to the Yestry of his parish of St. Easter. He had not sought the posi tion, aB he over and over again informed the rest of the vestrymen and the public generally, either from lack of other em ployment or from a desire for eminence. His extensive grocery establishment, and the immense extent of his business in first-class teas and superfine sugars, as he truly said, were sufficient to give any man full occupation; nor did He think that even the position of vestryman to the great parish of St. Easter was an honour tempting enough to draw away from his extensive mercantile transactions a man like himself, whose soul was absorbed in , rnawrrfif*, wh'^i as "he was fond of ob serving, was^fiie'thainstay and making of England. "No, gentlemen," he would say, " neither of these considerations in fluenced me to stand for the proud posi tion I now occupy. I was moved only by public spirit, gentlemen, and nothing else. Yes, I came forward to denounce public "abuses, and to put 'em down ; X repeat it, gentlemen, to put 'em down ; and this, gentlemen, is one of the public abuses I intended to put down, and put it down I shall, in spite of everybody !" Mr. Hornblower, however, was not perfect. He himself admitted to one lading : he was ambitious. He owned it with sorrow, but without shame j and, while confessing to it, would contend that it was a vice wlimh was half a vir tue. What was it, ne said, that had raised England to her present proud posi tion but her ambition I And what was it that had raised himself to his present proud position but his ambition 1 If he toftdnot been_ambitious he might still have been carrying on business in the little shop his father began in, with no balance at his bankers, and no position on the vestry ; with his boys serving in the shop instead of preparing for Oxford, and his daughters at the Board school round the corner instead of at Miss Straightlaces's, at Clapham. No; no doubt ambition did a deal of harm in the world, but it was absurd to deny that it also did much good. His wife was as ambitious as he, and was never tired of helping him in the enterprises he had undertaken, or sug gesting new ones. He usually pooh poohed her -ideas, but that was oftener wat-of jealousy than contempt, for he had hearty admiration for her boldness and cleverness, and, though he scorned to let fthe world know it, lie frequently acted '■upon hints he had sneered at when they ► were originally offered. One morning, as he and she were seated at breakfast, both were looking over the newspaper. She was studying Hie Morning Post, while bis attention was occupied chiefly by the local St. Faster Gazette. The latter was his supporter in parish affairs, and partly to recompense it for its assistance, and partly to increase the sale of his unri valled teas and sugars, he gave it a plen tiful supply of advertisements. This morning the whole of the back sheet was occupied with one prolonged notice of the Hornblower establishment. It was printed in an artistic and striking manner—Mr. Hornblower himself had suggested the design—and he was admiring his own skill and wondering if there was another tradesman in the parish who could afford so. splendid an advertisement, when his wih^srid something that startled him. " Jokri?' she -Msaarired, suddenly, why don't you stand for Parliament ?" ''For Parliament, gasped Mr. Horn blower, as soon as he recovered his breath ; " Maria, do you know what you are talkiDg about ? I ain't in a position to stand for Parliament." "I don't see how that can be," said Mrs. Hornblower. " There's Mr. Quilk, the lawyer, is going to stand for our dis trict. I'm sure you'r richer and smarter than him." " Oh, nonsense," said Mr. Hornblower. >He's no chance, not he; and because h'e's making a fool of himself that ain't no rWson why I should." " I don't understand that either," said Mrs. Hornblower. " He has been asked to stand by the electors. You can see it there for yourself." And she threw him the paper. "I don't know what has come over you lately," she continued, pettishly. " Yon once used to talk about your ambition 5 I don't see much of it now. You don't seem to wish to raise your family to their proper position at all. I suppose the next thing will be that Iginald and Algernon won't be sent to k,sand that Clementina and Alex jjwill be brought back from Miss [kyould'n't be a wpd thing if they "No," cried his lady, angrily, "nor ever shall be, if you go on as you're do ing." " Well, well, my dear," said Mr. Horn blower, in a soothing way—his wife was not the pleasantest company in the world when her temper was raised—don't get angry. The idea's not a bad one. We'll think it over. There ain't any hurry, you know. There can't be an election for some months. The fact was, Mr. Hornblower waB de lighted with his wife's suggestion. His remarkable success in the vestry had con convinced him that nature had intended him not for a grocer, but for an orator. He felt the divine fire of eloquehce burn ing in his soul, and he grieved when he thought he had no noble arena in which to display it. His wife's proposal, how ever, showed him that he had. He could Btand for Parliament. He spent all that day in studying a map giving the new electoral districts of St. Easter ; and the labour brought him no thing but satisfaction. His own district was Littleborough, and he was known personally to half the inhabitant! of it. Many of the poorer among them owed his establishment more or less long accounts which, he was awate, they could not easily pay. Then he owned some scores of tenement houses, which had been re ported by the sanitary officer—before Mr. Hornblower was elected to the vestry— and which swarmed with labouring peo ple, who trembled at the agent's nod. Thus, what between the electors' respect for him and his hold upon them, he felt certain no man could oppose him with a chance of success. He had just arrived at this comfortable conclusion when a distressing thought oc curred to him. The district of Littlebo rough was very Jingo in its inclinations, and he had always been regarded as a Radical! How was he to get over this difficulty ? There was no time to waste. Quilk was already in the field ; yet if he suddenly declared himself a Tory, he would be laughed at and his device seen | through ; and if he remained a Radical, his chance of election was nil. This was j a dilemma out of which he could see no j way, and, as was his habit on such occa sions, he did not consult his wife, but just mentioned his fears to her. Tbey had not occurred to her mind, and now, when he drew her attention to them, she was vexed and annoyed. "I told you," she exclaimed angrily, " that your Radicalism would never do you any good. It wasn't respectable, and didn't become a man in your position. Of course, you wouldn't listen to me— oh, dear no ; you were far too great for that; and now you see whether I was right ©r not." " Well, well, my dear," said Mr. Horn blower. " Never mind that. The point now is, how shall I put myself right '?" " What's the use of me suggesting any thing!" exclaimed his fond partner. "You won't take my advice. You can just find a way for yourself." But though Mrs. Hornblower thus in timated she did not intend to assist her husband, she said so merely because she was irritated, and, moreover, because she could not just then suggest anything. She, however, devoted more time and thought to the point than he did, and while he was still in the dark she found a solution. About a week after the subject had been discussed Mrs. Hornblower told her hus band of her discovery. " Why," she said, "don't you stand as a Democratic Tory V' " A Democratic Tory !" exclaimed Mr. Hornblower in amazement, " what on earth is that ?" " You don't pay enough attention to politics," she replied, " read that." And she gave him a collection of speeches by a distinguished member of the Tory party. Mr. Hornblower spent some time in glancing over them. He then fell into a fit of abstraction. " Well," demanded his wife, when her patience had become exhausted, " won't that do ?" " Yes," said he, hesitatingly, " I sup pose so ; but don't you think it's a little bit too advanced ? I was a Radical, you know, but I was never a Communist." "John," replied Mrs. Hornblower pit tishly, "you know nothing, as I have said, about politics. He doesn't mean anything ; they're just put out to attract attention. Politicians as well as trades men, if they want to get on, must adver tise." " Oh," replied Mr. Hornblower, " I understand it now. I'll put up as a De* i mocratic Tory at once." ! That very night he placed himself in j communication with the leading men among those who elected him to the ves try. A short correspondence followed, and in less than a week the Sx. Easter Gazette announced that their respected vestryman, Mr. Hornblower, had been requested by an influential deputation of the electors of the district of Littlebo rough to permit himself to be put for ward as Democratic Tory candidate for that district. Mr. Hornblower expressed with his usual eloquence the pleasure the proffered honour gave him, and, though taken somewhat by surprise, he ac cepted it. As there were now two candidates in the field—Mr. Hornblower and Mr. Quilk, the former Conservative agent for the old constituency ef St. Easter—in order to prevent a split in the p?rty, it was ar ranged that a meeting of slectors should be held, at which a choice between the rivals should be made. When the night arrived Mr. Horn blower and Mr. Quilk presented them selves before a crowded audience. The latter spoke first. Mr. Quilk was a good agent, bnt he was a bad candidate. The very clever ness jand, it must be added, unscrupulons ffhich were admired,~of, at least, bis besides, though an able and well-informed politician, he was not in any sense a plat form orator. He hated the noise and brawl of public meetings, and despised the appeals to folly and prejudice which he j knew were the most effective devices used i stump speakers. His desire was not to by j stamp and shout, but to think and work ; I and his speeches, though pointed and | thoughtful for those who took the trouble I to listen to them, were not full of that sound and fury which, though signifying j nothing, yet attract so much. His speech on this occasion was of the usual character. It criticised cleverly and bilterly the whole conduct of the late Go vernment, pointing out with unerring skill all the faults and failures of which they had been guilty, and compared with caustic »rony their promises and profes sions with their acts. The meeting bore him with impatience, and though in half an-hour he contrived to examine with the wisdom of a statesman and the injustice of a partisan the whole policy and conduct of the Liberal Government, when he sat down there was only the ghost of ap plause from the crowds present. Mr. Hornblower was a different kind of speaker. Perhaps he was scarcely so ac curate in his facts, or so clever and keen in his criticisms ; and, possibly, his great speeches read scarcely so well as they sounded, but what covered all his defects was that divine passion which carries away both its possessor and his audience. The meeting knew tin's well, and, as he advanced to the front of the platform, it greeted him with a wild burst of applause. He began his address by referring in eloquent terms to the gratitude he felt for the magnificent reception they had given him, and by expatiating on the terror that night's enthusiasm would strike into the hearts of those Radicals who had been like him at one timesomethingof a Radical. He was a Tory, firm and unbending, now, but still he had changed little. It was the Radicals who had changed, and had become the party of sedition ; and the Tories who had remained faithful to the people. (Cheers.) Yes, he was what he hoped all present were—Democratic Tories. (Cheers.) He trusted the peo ple ; he- would work for the people ; he himself had sprung from the people. After expatiating sor some time on home [ affairs, and praising the Franchise and Redistribution Bills, and the part the ( Conservative leaders had taken in passing them, he came to our foreign relations. " Mr. Gladstone, gentlemen," he said, '* revesred Lord Beaconsfield's policy, and and what is the consequences ? Yes, gen tlemen, I ask any Radical present to hanswer that one question, what is the consequences ? Why, what but this, that the fierce and faithless Russian is now preying upon the harmless and hinnocent African! (Cheers.) Gentlemen, was there hever such disgrace to England? I again ask any Radical present what he thinks of it ? Is he proud of it 1 Does he think it reflects honour upon us or upon or faith ? I do not hesitate to say I do not. (Cheers.) In our ancient alley, the people who helped us to conquer In dia, the people with whom we never had a single quarrel, are they, I hask, to be left to the mercy of the merciless Russian ? In spite of Mr. Gladstone, in spite of the Radical party, in spite of all the traitors and cowards our land contains, we will not bear it. The Africans shall, I say it deliberately, the Africans shall be pro tected. (Tremendous cheering.) "And now, gentlemen, we come to Egypt. Egypt, I need scarcely tell you, is a prosperous couutry in Asia. What have thefcadicals done there ? They have allowed the cruel Ameer to murder the gallant Gordon ; and now, as far as I can make out, they are going to sacrifice to him our friend the Mahdi! Was there ever such folly, gentlemen ; was there ever such crime ?" In this eloquent way he discoursed for a long time on foreign affairs, and at length concluded his address by an eulo gium on the new Government and a pane gyric on popular education, referring par ticularly to the benefits he himself had derived from the latter. "Gentlemen," he said, ""as perhaps you know, my father was as poor as any of you ; but, unlike you, he was intelli gent ; and so as I, his only son, grew up, he determined that I should have an edu cation. He sent me to school, and gave orders that I should get well taught in writing, speaking, arithmetic, grammar, and geography—in fact that I should get a good, all-round, plain education ; and, gentlemen, I cannot tell you the blessing it has been to me. If I had not received it I never could have carried on my pre sent extensive business ; and what sort of a representative in Parliament should I make if I had not been well educated. Yes, gentlemen, through my whole life, and under every circumstance, I have found what I learnt at school useful even necessary. Believe me, there is no thing like a good education, and you would be justified in supporting the Conserva tives if they had never done anything else than put it within reach of you and your j children." With this observation, Mr. Hornblower sat down amidst the wild enthusiasm of j the meeting. When the two candidates | were put up for ballot, Quilk was in a | very considerable minority. It was not to be supposed that the intelligent Con servative working nian would support such a quiet undemonstrative creature as he was. Mr. Hornblower's success delighted his fellow vestrymen, and inflamed them all with his ambition. They looked about them for suitable constituencies, and not a few of them found them. The old bo rough of St. Easter had been by the Re distribution Bill divided into not less than seven districts, and ,tfithiu two months of Mr." Hornblower's Acceptance by Little borough each of th|le had been suppli by candidates, and-sometimes lal •-vestry; . g?hWe>|gc considerable* intelligent members of both parties, which objection became disgust when Mr. Hold fast, the ironmonger, who it was gene rally known could not write, and Mr. Tapp, the publican, who could not even read, were put forward as candidates. Some time aftei^these candidates came forward, a paragraph appeared in the newspapers which startled and perturbed them. It was to the effect that, owing to the extraordinary ignorance of most of the candidates standing for the new con stituencies, the Government and the leaders of the Opposition had agreed to run a short bill through Parliament, mak ing it a necessary qualification for a can didate to have passed an elementary ex amination. As yet, however, it had not been decided whether the sixth or seventh standard under the code of primary edu cation should be adopted, but opinion in the House was decidedly in favour of the higher standard. A few days afterwards another para graph appeared. It stated that, owing to the great demands Mr. Hornblower's ex tensive business made upon his time, that gentleman had found it would be utterly impossible for lxim to discharge efficiently the duties of a vestryman and an M.P., and as he thought the vestry had the first claim upon his attention he had deter mined to withdraw his Parliamentary candidature for Littleborough. As his fellow vestrymen had followed his example in seeking parliamentary honors, so now they imitated him in modestly declining them, and confining their energies to the useful but less ex alted sphere of parochial duties. 