BITS OF FUN. ' Do you think Mr. O'lafferty was in his right mind whenho died?' asked the lawyer in a disputed will case. 'To my notion, ho was not, nor.' ' What nre your reasons for believing that he was not in his right mind atthetime hedrewhislast breath?' ' ecrausrtor, whin he drew his last breath, he didn't draw it wid a corkserew. Niver before, in h;s whole toil", did lie draw anything thathad astrong smell of v;hisky about it widout using a corkscrew.' A .CETSCAL composer writes: " Have you nntiecd nmy 'March for theo Piano?"' Wehae not. Who-n ew ob serve anyone march for the piano we invariably inaercl in another direction. As artist, returning from a sketching tour in Arran, was crossing the mountains on his way to ca:hls the early steamer for Brodick. His watch had stopped, no ho could riot form an idea of the time of day. To his joy he met a shepherd, of whom he enquired the hour. The native, pulling'out his watch, replied: ' Sir, it wullshoostpe five o'clock on my wee watch y; but whether she'll be two oore too slow, or two oors too fast, I dinna hen.' A nuurse cotter came (by accident) to an untimely end; consequently, a jury was summoned to sit upon the body for the purpose of obtaining information on what had led to the disastrous result. They (the jury) were called from the surrounding ngrtcultural districts. The foreman was a law celebrity (co!n monly called solicitor), and a very shrewd c=an. The twelve sapient jurymen were assembled, and star:ed on their melancholy mission to the cottage of sorronw, the foreman on horseback, the jury on foot. On going along the road, the man of law encountered a confild ing client, and, as they had some topic of a forensic nature to talk about, the foreman said: ' Gentlemin of the jury, you will go on to the cottage, nnd com mence the proceedings by sitting on the body, I will follow immediately.' Away sped the gentlemen of the jury. The foreman's conference with his c!ies:t having been Eomewhat lengthy, half an hour or so e'apsed before he arrived at the cottage. On ent- ring thie humble home, the foreman was horrified at se .ing six of the gentlemen of thejury seated on the remains of the departed-the lower three as!ride the body, the upper three on the lower three's shoulders, the third three endeavouring to mount the living pyramid, but in vain. The Foreman said : ' Gentlemen, what are you about?' 'Why, Measter Curriner, we be about trying to sit on the body, but we canona do it; there. fore, if you wishes us twelve to sit on the body at one tinme, you must find us a larger mon, or else we omust do this short one at twice.' 'Is that a Landceer, Mr. Crresus?' asked the visitor, pausing before the painting. 'No,' replied the host, 'reckon it's a Durham ; see how broad itisbetween the horns and see the colour and the curl on its forehead. That's a genuine Durham, sure. That ain't no Land seer.' ' Seneo, you're just in time, Miss Martha ; she Is goin' fast,' said one of the women, as she came for ward and welcomed us. 'YTis, miss, she's sinsible. Ye know Miss Marthsa, Biddy, don't ye? A smile came ov, r the wrinkled features, and the heavy eyelids un closed. ' Now, won't she make a purty corpse if she only looks like that at the last ?' Eaid the woman ad miringly. '1 am glad to see her so calm and peaceful,' whispered Martha. 'Isn't it a comfort, miss," cried the woman aloud. ' An' it's the work of the world we had wid her till yesterday only, when his riverince himself cum down an' rasoned her into common-sinse, an' she guy her coasint to go to the new cemethry quiet an' 'asy.' 'To go to the new cemetery F 'Yis, miss. Shure she held out agin it to the last; said it was a horrid, cowld, lonesome place, an' she'd niver lie comfortable there, wid never a bone or a pinch o' dust of one belongin' to her within a mile. Cart-horses, she said, shouldn't drag her there, or to any place except a good churchyard full o' dacent Christian neighbours. But the arch deacon argufied the matther well. "Biddy," sis he, "be rasonable now. Where in all the counthry side would you find a wholesomer place to be laid in," sis he, "than the new cimethry-a fine, open, airy place, hish an' dhry ? An' as for lonesomeness," sis he, "uhure it's filling ivery day-it is. Yo'li have the neighbours gatherin' all around you in no time. An' 1'l7 tell you what I'll do for you," he sis; " if you'll consint to go there quietly I'll put you nint Mrs. Donovan-shure ye know her-an' thin ye won't feel lonely or out of the way with her within call." So then she guy in.' 'Yin, I guy in,' said the dying woman feebly. 'I cudn't howld out agin his riverence. There's no denyin' that Mary Donovan 'ud be oa good neighbour, quiet an' asy, and niver an ill word out o' her head; but I'd rather be laid along side o' Nolan. A good husband he was to me, an' niver as much as riz his hand to me all the days we wor together-barrin' he was in dhrink and uncon scious like.' ' Alongside o' Noln ! Just listen to her now! And Oonagh churchyard twenty mile o' rough roadway. Shure it's battered to bits you'd be afore you got there, Biddy alanna. er ounld bones 'ud nicver stan' the jowltin'. An' perhaps it's come to bits the coffin would, they make 'em so thin nowadays.' Ay, any; I know how thim funerals go galloppin' when they git out o' the town; I'd be shook all to pieces, I'm afeard, an' so I guy my consint to go to the cimethry. It's an asy road enough; an' what does it matther after all, whin the good God is in one place as much as another ?' A cntnv'A. judge was about to pronounce sentence of punishment upon an Irishman for the perpetration of a theft. 'Andis it upon the oaths of thim two witnesses your honour's going to condim me ?' asked rat. 'Certainly,' said the judge; 'their testimony was ample to convince the jury of your guilt.' ' Oh murthur !' he exclaimed, ' to condim me on the oaths o' two spalpeens who swear they saw me take the goods, when I kin bring forth a hundred wholl swear they didn't see me do it.' 'Tnnoa are people who live behind the hill,' is an old German proverb, which means that there are other folk in the world beside yourself, though you may not see them. Two Scotch students, desirous to make themselves comfortable, had a stove put in their chamber; one bought the stove and the other paid the mason to have a hole cut in the chimney. They broke up housekeeping the other day, and divided the effects. One had the stove, and the other the hole. Ai old laird in Scotland who was not a teetotaller, but who had a 'constitution suited to the convi?nlity of the times,' and preferred whiskey to water, lay on his death-bed. The doctor who was in attendance pronounced his disease to be water on the chest. This fairly astonished the old man. His exclamation was: 'Waterin mykist! That canna be; I hae na drunk a drap o't this throtta year!' A armEoD was dining with Dickens and Forster once, and after dinner acceded to a request of the novelist, who became, as was not unusual with him, very restless to stroll out and see a little life. Dickens took his companions into all sorts of strange places and queer haunts peopled by the originals of those many quaint minor characters who appear as 'supers' inhis works. Every one seemed to recognise in Dickens a kindred soul, and was ready to ' pass the time of day' or exchange some characteristic remark with him. The repetition of these calls had a naturally enlivening effect on the callers. Finally it became time to go home. Before doing so, however, Dickens suggested oysters and stout. The suggestion woa cordially received, and the trio adjourned to an oyster shop. Dickens paid for his disipation with a sovereign, but tleak up, instead of thechange, a pat of fresh butter, and slipped it quite contentedly into his trousers pocket. Not until they were seated in the drawing room with the ladies did the dark grey Line running downone lgeof his light continuations like a regi mental stripe betray the sneret deposit. The yielding butter Iml melted at the touch of one lof the warmest and most generous of man. Ir is recorded, on excellent authority, that not long after the commercial cralnes of 1873-t5 a lady mid to a little girl (one of those " little pitchers" ewhich prverb'oislly have long ear), who nas drawing her doll inai mart doll's cariage : "And wrht is Your dolls's name?" "Irs. Tomkins." "And how is Ir,. 'Tum-o kis'"" "Not very well to-day." "Wihy, howe's thut "1 " YelS, you ee she haS had nu ge-o deal of an.iety of late--Sr. Tomkirs h?s fai!el." " Oh :e2r, t!ht is very al,"t rejniaed "'he iritonr, m:ch zctual. " l'ut I :e t.at, atall eents, ehe still has hr c~rrilage." "Oh ye: he pays a abilling in the tans d d goes on again." Tan following story is told ofBensley, the actor. The firsi: wtho alarm tlichard Ill. in his tent wvre wsnt to appar up a trap tn lns. : c Beley, having teen ploino/Ie:: I1'., was waiting imp.tiently to diu pIny hins aper half Ts hi own ghost, and, having beco invitnl to sup with some convivial friends after the lerform.nce, hal dieisotd himself of half of his cos tr..a toe;e tie. Preslntl~y iheappeareundr nthestlage, his oe . m .an eslemnly arrayedi in black velhet anlt buglrs, the lowe: in a tight pair of Esm.t new catenken: pata f'ne. He Ilhcel hihseelf upon the platform, cautioning tIe esrpenter at theainch not to raie him too hIigh,and, Ith Ie toe int givees, op he wont. Close by stood a mis. lhievoao low comedian, who haI Len hughig at tneIey's n'1, appearance, and thle epirit of fun being too stroung for him, he suddeuly gave the winch a few rapid turn, ran King Henry up the level of thie stage, asnd Jerked him forward full into the slght of the audience. The roar of laughter which lnrosewas tremendous. Even the coaceiuc-smitten terrillel tyrant in the tent at the eight of the old Lancastrian monarch in a costume be. longing to lso sueh diTunent perlitod at up an-d tweed sith the t. 