BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. PORT AUGUSTA DISTRICT MEE TINGS. The sittings of the Bible Christian Confe rence (Port Augusta district) were commenced in the lecture-hall of the Bible Christian Church, Port Augusta, on Tuesday morning, February 1. There were present the Re vb. W. W. Finch (chairman of the district), Jam9s Stoyel, R. C: Yeoman, G. J. Sampson, J. G. Martin. J. HsncniVk. C. Marf.in. and W. Pett, and Messrs. W. J. Trembath, N. Clack, J. McSkimmiog, Richard Fuller, and W. J. Jacka. The spiritual Btate of the various circuits was considered, and the following resolution was passed:— 'That having heard the spiritual state of the dis trict as supplied by the pastors' reports, and the interesting discussion that followed, we gratefully record our deep sense of obligation to God for the sustaining grace vouchsafed to the churches during a year of unprecedented trial. We rejoice to find that the work of God has been prosecuted with persevering earnest ness and faith, and that much blessing has rested on the word preached with encouraging result*. We do not think it possible to tabu late all the success achieved, but we are pleased to note that in several places there is an increased attendance at public worship, and marked improvement in the conduct of hearers, giving hope that they are not far from the kingdom of heaven. To the ordinary means of grace special revival services have been added in some places, and the divine approval has sealed the efforts ; the revival of the prayer ani fellowship meetings in some instances have followed, and we believe if these were more general there would be more hope of greater success in the im mediate future. Our statistics show that after allowing for all removals we have an in createin membership of 21.' The ministerial list was then gone through, and the folio (ring motion was agreed to: — 'That Bro. Charles Martin, having obtained from the Union College a firat-das3 certificate for each year of the three years' study, and the Adelaide District Meeting having recom mended and he also having undergone a brief examination we heartily recommend him to be received into full connexion.' The statistics and finances of the district were next considered, and it was found that in spite of many removals and the general depression that prevailed the returns compared very favorably with preceding years. The Sunday school returns are as follows: — Schools, 25 ; teachers, 159 ; scholars, 1,043 ; income, £154 lls.; expenditure, £129 33. 3d ; total books in libraries, 1,567, In the evening the Rev. G. J. Sampson preached the district sermon. The attendance was good. On Wednesday morning the sittings were continued, Mr. Thomas Heard having been recommended by the Wirrabara quarterly meeting as a probationer after an examination it was decided to ask the Conference to appoint him to some circuit where he could do part of the work and attend college. It was reported that during the year several changes had taken place under the direction of president. The Rev. W. H. Peters had been re moved from Quorn to Silverton, and the Rev. Arthur Clarke had been sent to supply that circuit. He had died during the year, and the Rev. W. Pett, from Carrieton, had taken his place. The Rev. C. Martin had supplied Carrieton. The meeting passed the following resolution with regard to the late Rev. Arthur Clarke : — ' That this meeting desire to convey its most sincere sympathy with the parents and friends of our late brother, Arthur Clarke, who has been removed by death during the year, and records its appreciation of his manly bear ing, intellectual endowments, and Christian character, and although we cannot understand why he has been cut off in his prime of life we are persuaded God's will is the best.' The recommendations from the various quar terly meetings were dealt with, and it was resolved:— 'That believing it to be desirable thatsuperannuatedministersshouldattend Con ference we recommend that chairmen of dis tricts having a surplus of laymen composing their respective district meeting communicata with the chairmen of the districts where superannuated brethren reside, so as to secure their appointment to Conference.' ' That we suggest to the Conference the advisability of authorising a certificate to be given to the parents of children baptised, and that a list of such baptisms be kept in our circuits.' 'That as we are not certain whether all the trust estates in this district have been made- con nexional, we ask the Conference to direct the connexional solicitor to supply each district chapel secretary with a list of estates in their respective districts that have been made con nexional.'' s It was decided that the following list of stations should be recommended to Conference : —Port Augusta, J. Hancock, Jan. ; Gladstone, W. W*-4jSaek; Wilmington; Wirrabara, G. H. Paynter; Quom, C. Martin; Oiroroo, J. Stoyel; Port Germein, R. C. Yeoman; Carrieton. The experiences of the various members having been given, the following resolution was adopted : — ' In relation to our Christian experience we rejoice to knowthedi vine presence is with us, and that we realise the exceeding preciousness of Christ to them who believe. We gratefully acknowledge the great help rendered us by the Holy Ghost in our work ; by this light we have clearer insight into our Father's love and onr great Redeemer's saving work, and we have found increasing pleasure, profit, and power in preaching the glorious gospel. We adopt the sentiments of the apostle — that to live is Christ and to die is gain.' . The following estimates and grants were recommended to the Conference: — Port Augusta— Estimate, £5. Gladstone — Esti mate, £13 10s. ; grant, £22 10s. Wilmington Estimate, £10. Wirrabara— Estimate, £16 10s. Quorn— Estimate, £10. Orroroo— Estimate, £13 10?.; grant, £15. Port Germein— Esti- mate, £10; grant, £20. Carrieton— Estimate, £10. Votes of thanks were given to the Rev. G. J. Sampson for his sermon, to the friends who had entertained the members, the Rev. J. Hancock (secretary), and the Rev. W. W. Finch for presiding. In the evening a public meeting was held ; the Rev. W. W. Finch presided, and addresses were given by the Revs. J. Stoyel, R. C. Yeoman, W. Pett, C. Martin, and J. G. Martin. 