Tfifi H07ELIST. LOYER AND LORD. Bv the Author op «A MAD LOVE, Ac. CHAPTER IV. ' Vet ha had oyes, and chosa her 1' she quoted liotwoon bor littlo glistening toetli. ' 1 should buvo dona hiin rnoro credit. The world would novor bavo said of mo — as it will ol hor — that I pined nwny ' neoth the burden of an honour unto which I was not born. Ah, well' — Mrs. Bruco paused, powder- puff in band, stung by a latent sense of justice into protesting speech—' that is hardly fair to Nora, you know She is as high-spirited a girl as any in Englaod, and, it she were hoart-wholo and fancy freo, would make as good a Countess. It is not Lord do Grctton's rank, but tbu memory ot Arthur Beouprc that haunts and daunts her.' Crietine's fair fuco hardened and darkened with an indefinably cruel look, 'Tho moro fool shel' sho said sternly. ' She should tread down all memories and all loves, us I would in hor place.' <Ab, that is easy enough to sayl' Mrs. Bruce answered, with u prodigious sigh and a semi- sentimental look. 1 But you never were in love, Cristine.' Cristino looked at her mothor for a second or so with an odd bewildered sort of stare ; then suddenly the absurdity of tho stout prosperous-looking matron posing as the her. With a shrill hysteric cry she sank upon tho nearest couob, and laughed till sho could langh no more, till the tears ran down her cheeks, and Mrs. Bruco forgot to bo offonded, in her roal alarm. ' Cristino, for Hoaven's sako compose yourself 1' sho cried, shaking tho slander shoulder in her agitation. 1 Aro vou mad, child, or what ails you V 'Nothing,' Cristino said, recovering her calmness. 1 You look so snpromely absurd — that was all.' Mrs. Bruce appeared unoasily dignified, bat dared say no moro — such another out burst would drive hor or hor daughter crazy — if indcod Cristino wcro not a littlo touched already, 'The doubt oxprcssod itself so plainly in hor fuco that Miss Singleton had much ado not to luugh ogaio. ' Please do not,' she cried, with agosturo of mock ontrcaty, ' Another such ioko would be my death. Como it is timo we went to Nora's rolief. I wonder what sho and Lord do Grotton find to talk about in tboso duty tetc-a-totos 1 .She cannot bowail hor dead lover to him, and I am lint earn that sho can speak on any other subject.' But Mrs. Bruce was too deeply offended to enter into her daughter's inquisitivo specu lations. ' I shall go,' sho said, drawing her velvet Bkirt majestically round hor ; 'but you — 1 think you will sue that your toilotto is a little disarranged by your lato strange — I had al most said unseemly — outburst.' Mrs. Brucu's exit was at least as mirth- provoking as anything that had occurred in the course of tho iaterviow ; but it won no laughter from Cristine. As the door swung to behind her mother, the girl's fair lined fell torwurd on her hands, and a fierce moaning ory rang drearily through tho room, ' How well I uct I' she cried, with a sort of savage pride. ' How littlo they guess that Nora Bruce hurt moro thun my prido when she stole Arthur Boaupre from mo — that 1 linfa linr with il dnnner hntn tlinn itt-nr wounded vanity could teach mo I And yet' — sho clasped hor hands and laughed astrnngn unnacural lough—' what an excellent Christian I am growing I This uiarriugo, which lifts her ovor ull our heads and should be a porpotuul blistor to my pride — I would give my life itself rather than Jet it bo broken off.' A step in tho corridor disturbed hor, und in another miauto sho stood heforo the mirror brushing out tho soft flecoy curls that clustered so grucefully round her white temples and small shell-liko cars, humming u gny littlo tuno for the edification of cusuul passors-by. Meuntimo tho intorviow between Lord do Grotton sod his fuir betrothed hud beonumuch less oppressive affair than sho supposed or thun poor Nora usuully found it. Lord do Grotton, though sutliciently brilliant wben he oboso to exert himsalf, proierrcd, in a general way, tho pleasure of being ontcrtainod to tho labour of ontortsioiog j and Nora was guiltily conscious that sho foil lamootably abort of his expectations in this respect. Not wilfully ; apart from tho lovo that was not hers to give, sho was honestly auxious to fulfil ull duties imposed on her by tho betrothal bond, and tried with a pitiful earnestness to ascortain what subjects in terested him, and to oducuto horsolf to them. It tvas up-hill work us sho pursued it, though the task would liuvo been simplicity itself to an ordinary guilolcss naturo. Lord do Grotton, who was tirod of most things and took spcoial interest in nono, required only to be amused and flattorcd in equal proportions. But th'S Nora did not guess, aad, oven had it boon made plain to her, aho was too hoart- sick til ttuiueo uuia tuu jhuuu tu jjutvuij ou things would havo boon much as tboy wore. To-night however sho was spured all troublo in the matter; she had only to uontion Lady Olivia Blake's visit and his attoution was at onoo oncbainod, IIoBtood with his back to tho fireplace, thoughtfully twistiug his long gray moustuoho and looking down with a curiously cruel smile at the Blouder wbilo- robed figuroin the low lounging-chtur, ' So 1 I hardly oxpectod that from Lady I Olivia/ he said, after a little pause; and, hud Nora boon one sbude loss apathetic, sho must huve noted the stranga triumph of his tone, must have seen the quick li. liming of the I sunken eyen, the quick ilush oi the uuuully impassive face. Lord do Grttton loofaod like a man who had a Budden spelt had auddued some Bavago oreature und brought it tumoly to bis feet.' But Nora did not raise tho dark bond that drooped so listlessly ; the gray eyes rested in a dreamy stare upon the gold-banded poacockVleuthor fun, but saw nothing of its iridescent splendour. Lutd do Grotton wu speaking. For the moment her thought were freo ; and, with uieobanical impulse, they took their accustomed journey to th» African donga where, beneuth the scorching tky, bor lover's bouos Jay bloaobing. ' Woll, do you like her?' | Lore do Uretton's voice ronstvi her as the whip stirs the sleeping slave ; in a second she was back at her duty. Lady Olivia ? Yes, she vras kind aud friendly, and she is very haudsomc; 'As to that there is no ooubt,' ho said, with a little sneering langh, and yet with very evident sincerity. ' Sho is as handsomo ns— as Lucifer; but, as to 'kind and friendly,' I would as soon trust a tigress as Olivia Blake, Yon poor littlo Inrnb, I half believe sho came prepared to eat you !' 1 Why f Nora asked, shocked and startled by something in Lord de Gretton's look. Perhaps the real naturo of the man peered for a moment through the sunken eyes to give her timely warning. 'Why?' sho persisted, with a sort of tremulous bravery. ' Why should Lady Olivia hate mo?' Ho laughed again, and throw one arm round tho slender whito-robed figure, for Nora had risen now and stood besids him, wide-eyed, eager, and thrilling oncu again with her wild foolish hope. 'Why, you foolish child? I boliovo you are the only girl in London who need usk tho question/ ' It is because 1 Nora shrank from his touch; her heart throbbed so fiercely sho could hardly find breath to frame the ques tion"' Ob, Lord dc Grotton, as a gentleroau, you must tell mo this — because sho ouce— — 1 ' Onco jilted mo ? Yes/ ho cried, with a quick fierce flush, ' and has repented hor folly ever since ; that is tho reason, Nora. But if she is content to bury tho hatchet and do homage to tho oow Lady do Grotton, why, let hor. suv I.' And, as tho gray moustache touched her cold cheek, Nora knew that hor last hopo bud passed und her futo was soalod. CHAPTER V. Tub dnys wore on drearily and monotonously, filled with work und oxcitouient for Mrs. Bruce and her diiughtor, but presenting no thing but one dull blank to tho brido-oloct. Afterwards she never thought of this as a period of sharp pain ; all hor uonscs wcro mercifully dulled, and, aB she told herself ugaiu, with a curious thrill of triumph, hor heart was dead. ' Sho bears it beautifully/ Mrs. Bruco said to her daughter, in 0110 of the rare intervals that visiting had been visited, shopping and submission to tho milliners' and druHStnukcrs' caprices, now allowed tliem. ' I nover thought that Nora would havo been so docilo.' But Cristine, much keuuer-aigbted than hor mother, shook her blond head with a very dubious look. ' You aro not out of tho wood yet, mother/ sho said sneeringly. 'I would not count too much on ber placidity if i wcro you ; (hero is such a thing as a lull buforo a storm, you know. You may not have a peeress step daughter, after nil. Mrs. Bruco grow suddenly palo, and was absolutely unhappy for tho two following days; hot nothing cauic of tho spiteful pro phecy, nothing bud come on tho ovo of Nora Bruco's wedding-day. Tho houso was full of guests, and guy with the bustlo of propitiation ; girl-voices rang out in every corridor, silk dresses ' swished aud high-houlcd shoes pattered continually up and down the stairs ; carts of o7ery .Ins cription stopped perpetually at the dour, milliners1 girls, confectioners' men, florists, jowollurs, haunted tho houso. Only in ouo room whoro tho bride-elect sut, white aud rigid, by tho little braes-bound desk in which alt her girlish secrets lay was any seuiblauco of pcoce to ho found ; and llow long sho had sat thorn she did not anow. Tho sun sank lowor and lower, tho clock struck six, and tho sound roused hor at Inst. What bIio had to do must ho done quickly. Lord de Grotton's wifo must take no souvenir of Arthur Beauprc into her new lifo. With cold trombling fingursKlinopeued the loiters — Arthur's letters —out before hor. Tboy woro not many in all— bull-a-dozun notes sunt with flowers and books and music, and a few geouino lovu-Iottors written on board tho transport, full of high courage, softened by temlerest pity for tho girl he hud loft behind him, and, last of all, that written on tboovoof tho ongagouieut in which ho fell. No wonder that tho girl's tears full (hick aad fust upou this legacy of lovo ! 'If tho fortune of war should go against me, you must uot grieve too long/ tho poor young fellow wrote. 1 Your lovo bus mado mo so luippy, I could not bcur to think that oven my death should bring you lasting griof. You will nover quite forgot mo, Noia; you will hardly choose another lovo, though in the long lifo that spreads beforo you such things would ho natural enough. Hut you have faithful eyes, uiy darling. I closo my own and look onco moro into their clear gray depths, and, lookiug, I cannot faucy they "ill ovor light up for another as thov havo lighted onoo for mo. I think that, if 1 could como back from tho gruvo twouty years ; hence, I should find you still Nora Bruco, I still truo to a lovor in the shadow-world. ! 1 Mind, I do not wish this, Nora. It is , only an idle fancy, und I hardly think it i brings wo comfort, saltish us my great lovo makes mo. A lifo of resignation and patient griof is not the lot for which my bright . warm-noarteu i>oru was uorn, a>u uuppy in your own way, chooso your own wulk in life, i and know that, if I could pierco tho veil, and I follow your progress through tho world that I have done with, I should bo bost pleased j to 8oo you walking in tho Bunthino, and only | cuBtiug buck iroui timo to timo a soft rogret- j ful look to that durkly-ubndowcd past in which I played uiy part. Havo 1 writlou loo sentimentally, Nora? Aro my words I weak and unmanly? Well, for to-night ut least they muy stand. If tho shadow that fulls upon tno us I write means nothiui;, if 1 como buck safe und sound to-morrow, your eyes will novor rest upon thou. And, if it is ordered otborwiso, you will read thorn in tny own durliug Nora, if it must bo, good night.' Norn dropped tho letter with a shuddering cry, aod lifted u picture from the desk — a picture bo littu tho original that, meeting «h« frank bluo oyes with thoir bravo trustful smile, alio could almost have boliovud that Arthur bad indeed come back from the shadow-world to look upon her onco moro. To look upon aad find ber— bow? She iuughed aloud, a fiorco unnatural laugh, us sbu thought of tho picture his gonerous fitnoy had drawn and the reality he would bn forced to look upon. In twenty years' timo he would find bar still Nora Bruno, still true to n lover iu tho shadow-world. So ho i wrote, and thought ; and horo was sho, in j less thuo two yours, burning thu words that shamed and torturod hor on tho ove of hor wedding-day. Burning thorn 1 Ah, no, sho had not strongth for that ! Sho gathered the papers up and prosBud them passionately to her pale lips. Sho would lock thorn up, would novor look on thorn again; hut seo thu paper ou which Arthur's hand had rested, tho words his pan had tracod, scorch and shrivel iuto nothingness within tho cruel Homos she could not and sho would not; thore was sacrilege in tho very thought. ' Forgivo mo, Arthur I1 sho criod wildly. ' Oh, my darling, if you could but know p Her protty hood foil forward on the dosk, on thu crushed pup'jrn, on tho pictured faco which aftor to night tho girl might look upon no moro, nod for u brief spaco of tiuio some thing liko a swcot ami solemn peace fell ovor hor, a feeling ns though sho woro alono with hor dead aud held communion with them. IntoHio pain wrought to frenzy had provod its own amustlietic, aud for a little whilo she noithcr feared nor suffered more. How long this strange trnnco of peuco lasted sho could not say ; she was roused from it by a slight touch, to fiad Cristino fully dressed besido hor, her hand upon hor Bhouldor and a curious mocking smilo in bor eyes. ' Woro you asleep, or had you fnintod, Nora?' she asked kindly— Cristino from tho moment iu which she had rccoucilod horsolf to tuo engagement tuul grown wonueriuuv kind. 'Ho you know that you havo barely loft yourself time to dress for din nor V Nora, roused to duty and misery onco moro, thrust tho papors and picture into tho desk— -not, she know, beforo Gristioo hud seen thorn and guessed shrewdly what tboy woro ; but that did not trouble hor. It was her own conscience she feared, and not Cristino Siuglotou. 'I did not know it was so Into/ Nora answered wearily, pushing tho hair out of her heavy oyes, ami revealing so tragic a faco that hor step- sister said sharply— 1 You have been crying, child. What will Lord do Grotton say V ' Lord de Grcttou cannot claim anr control ovor my tours until this tirau to-morrow/ Nora ansA-eroi', whilo hor trontulouH (ingots tangled tho hoavy hair thoy vainly triod to reduce to order. ' Shall 1 not call your maid ?' Cristine asked ; but Nora shook her head iu vehement refusal. Tho sharp- eyed Frenchwoman was n terror to which sho must accustom horsolf ; but for to- night, nt least, sho would be free. 'Then lot mu help you/ Miss Singleton persisted; '3011 will dress yourself by mid night at your presnnt rato of progression. Come, Noni ; it is for the lam timo.' And the first, she might have said with equal truth. Many 11 timo and oft in tho old huppy days, when Nora was tho least-con sidered person iu her father's Iiouhu, und hud 110 t'oldeu future spreading out before hor, many a timo liml she dressed Cristine Single- ton for ball or pic-nic, pluitcd tho pii.c silky huir, laced tho cheap pretty dresses, and sent hor forth to conquost, lookiug her very best ; but never beforo hud sho profit-rod her services to Nora. Tho thought Unshod across the girl's miod, fo icing a ghost of a siuile to hor pulo lips ; hut sho huuisbed it at ouce, uod quietly accepted tho ollor. Crisrioa would stuy, sho know ; so it would bo an oasior thing to huve luir tiiiuiv u.ifh IuuuIm und nviw nlikn ncminiml. than sitting thcro watching bur every move ment. IJndor hor light and skilful toucho? Nora was quickly dressed uud made ready ; and, as she stood beforo thu long glass, fastoning tho ear rings in her ears, sho thought, with u sharp pang, how small a traco tho inner anguish she endured had loft upon hor faco, bow rudiant she looked iu tho inaizo-colourod silk tuul soft showers of black luco in which it pleased Cristino to dress her. j A tap at tho door was tuisworod by Orfarini) ; and Norn thought, but was not j suro, (hat she hoard tho maid's voico say— ' A letter for Miss Bruce.' 1 Letters had como by fittios and hundreds | to her of lato ; so naturally she did not < attach much importauce to this. Sho was rather surprised however wheu five, ten minutes passed away, and Cristine did not return— tho moro so us tho dinnor-boll now Hounded, and Nora saw that sho had loft her fau und gloves upon tho dressiug- tablo. Her room was at the other oud of tho long corridor. Noru had to pass it on ber way down ; so alio took tho gloves and fan with her, uiuuniug to loavo thorn with hor if sho was tlioro, or carry thorn to tho drawing- room if she had goue down. The door stood slightly ajar. She pushed it open carelessly, nnd, to her horror and uioazemunt, saw Miss »Singloton lying in a dead faint on tho ground. For a inouiont sho stood staring holplossly, paralysed by a sort of superstitious terror. Cristino hud left so short timo beforo, full of health und spirit. Nora hud noticed how protty sho looked in the soft creamy pink that always suited hor best and suppled tho 000 thing lackiog to hor coldly regular beauty; and now what hud Htrickoo hor down liko this Z Cristino was not given to fuinting. For thu moment Nora thought that sho was indeed dead, and onvied her with an onvy thut was aohingly intonso. Cristine who uoeded it not, had found sudden ponce, u swift and oasy passage train all tho pnin and heurt-1-roukinga of this world, whilo she ' Cristino!' tho girl cried hurriedly, as the other stirrod, and brought bor Imck to tho reality of tho scono. Hor onvy had boon proinuturo ; this was not ieath; alroudy tin blue oyes worn widely opon, aud tho palo lips parted iu a gasping cry. Nora knelt beside hor. raised tho eolden houd, und bathed tho gray face with ouu-de- Cologue. Gradually tho girl's seosos catnn back, her oyes lost their stony sture, hor hroath came moro frculp, und sho tried to draw horsolt away. ' You aro bettor now, Cristine f Sho started at tho sound of Nora's voico, and gave a quiok look of angry terror— a most inexplicublo look, oven adoiittiog that hor mind still waoderod. 'How did you como horol' she asked abt uptly. (to be continued.) 