COUNTRY SKETCHES. BY " THE VAGABOND." No. II. YAN YEAN AND WHITTLESEA. Pastoral man first invaded this narrow valley of the Plenty River. When Dr. Ronald settled down on the banks of the stream and called it Williamsbrook the country was still overrun by the aboriginal of the soil. The natives have gone, but Williamsbrook home stead remains, where from the lips of Mrs. Ronald I am privileged lo listen to tales of the early pioneer days; of the time when the station was stuck up by bushrangers, who were afterwards hanged in Melbourne gaol; and of the time when the blacks came from the Goul- burn and held high corroboree in this pad- dock. It is a privilege to know Mrs. Ronald and Miss Merrilies. The former lady is like a page from the history of the past. She has only seen a railway once, and that was at Melbourne, when the line was opened to St. Kilda. She has never travelled in a train, and does not wish to. Mrs. Ronald views with suspicion all new fangled notions, and although the ad- vent of the railway to Whittlesea will greatly increase the value of her property, for her own part she would be content to exist without such means of locomotion, the safety of which is sometimes dubious. As I talk to Mrs. Ronald I reflect that scant credit has been done to the first ladies of Victoria, who bore their full share of the burden of the early life of the colony. The praises of the pioneer fathers have often been sung; but the pioneer mothers of the land, who first endured the terrible isola- tion of bush life, have been passed by without credit. Yet to them the highest meed of honor is due. From Mrs. Ronald, and also from host Morris, I hear enough of the early history of this dis- trict lo enable me to compile a guide book to Yan Yean and Whittlesea. At Strathnoon our conversation is of things in the present. This homestead is situated on the slope of the low range, a continuation of the Sheoak Hills. It is a charming house, in a charming garden, which would adorn any of the suburbs of Melbourne. Here Dr. Serrell is peacefully filling in the remainder of a well spent and busy life. Years back I had known Dr. Serrell inMelbourne as a worthy physi- cian and estimable gentleman. The united ages of himself and Mrs. Serrell next year will amount to 150. Yet both are young in heart, and as active as if in the prime of life. The charming hospitality which is extended to us here, and which I hope in tho future to again accept, remains a pleasant reminiscence of my visit to Whittlesea. And in the stalwart sons of the house I find old friends. One I met in Queensland, after he had made a hard journey with cattle from the north. The other is an old Fijian, who was in tho islands before Thakambau, Dei gratia and the will of Thur- ston, Butters and Woods, became Rex. We have a long conversation about things, Vaka Viti, as we climb the hill at the back of the house. From thence Whittlesea township lies nestled in the valleybelow. A prominent landmark is the Episcopalian church, which is thoroughly English in architecture, but is spoilt by the slate and white of its paint. Tho rev. incumbent is a clergyman respected by all who know him. Tho view from Strathnoon is different to that from the Sheoaks. That is the charm of this district — from every emi- nence you got new effects. Here the Plenty Ranges facing us are in outline remarkably like the Berserkers, near Rockhampton. The clouds, which cost their shadows over the wooded slopes, bring out gradations of light and shade, which remind me very much of the Skyrrid near Abergavenny. Orchards and ploughed fields surround the little township. But the Yan Yean lake, glistening in the sun, is the great feature of the landscape. I do not know whether I would prefer to own a block on the Sheoak Hills, or possess Strathnoon. From both the view is alike beautiful. Country places in Victoria always pray for railways, which are not always a blessing to them. The centralisation to the metropolis which is taking place is not, I believe, a good thing for the colony. In Europe centres of population grow up locally before the railways could draw resources of the districts to London, or Paris, or Berlin. In Australia the railways too often have inrefered with the firm establishment of local centres. In New South Wales this is more noted than in Victoria. In the sister colony railways have been made for the express purpose of adding to the wealth of tho wool warehousemen and shipping agents of Sydney, which lines do not even pay their working expenses. But in a district near a large capital there is the revanche when a rail way is constructed. Residents may go into the city to make purchases ; but, on the other hand, a population from the city is brought to the country. This must happen at Whittlesea. I hope to live to see these hills covered with mansions and cottages, where during sum- mer and winter days happy families will grow up in health and prosperity, whilst the bread winners are at their daily toil in the city. Whittlesea then will present a livelier appear- ance. At present it is picturesque, but slightly dull. It has three churches and a State school and a court house, counterbalanced by four hotels. I have seen places in Victoria of not half the importance which have fine public buildings in the shape of post and telegraph offices. Why Whittlesea has been left behind in the distribution of the good things, gifts of the Government, is a conundrum connected with the game of Parliamentary give and take. The people here have done their best in raising funds for the free library and mechanics' in- stitute. The agriculturalists of the district would not believe me if I said that Whittlesea in itself was a picturesque place. Mr. Ryan does his best, however, in pointing out to us all the lions, the chief of which is the aqueduct conveying the waters from the ranges to the Yan Yean, and which is covered over with iron for a considerable length to protect it against the profane encroachments of Whittle- sea ducks and geese. Then there is the cele- brated bridge over the Plenty, where our own Fitzgibbon once held an inquest. And I am called upon to admire Sherwin's Hill, where the pioneer squatter and white man first camped amongst the blacks. He is not yet dead! Altogether Whittlesea cannot be said to be a lively place, but it is eminently respectable. Mr. Wilson, in the absence of Sir. David- son, and being incited thereto by Mr. Lang- ridge, intimates that I shall not he allowed to leave Yan Yean alive without visiting the sources of the water supply on the Plenty Ranges. The way is made as easy as possible. In the early morning we are rowed across the lake. On the other side, an American waggon and good horses are awaiting us. We havo not time to accept Mr. Ryan's hospitality at his country house here, although we promise to partake of it at St. Joseph's on our return road to Melbourne. We are bound first to scale Mount Nelson, and view the goodness of the land from that coign of vantage. A party of shire councillors escorts us in this pleasant morning drive through the bush. All this country is included in the water reserve, but the people of the district have the privi- lege of grazing their cattle thereon, which are under the control of a “ herdsman." Readers of Charles Egbert Craddock's "In the Clouds" will remember the herdsman of the Tennessee Mountains. Very different is the worthy citizen who occupies that position here. He is not perchance such a picturesque character, but he is solid. I am reminded, however, of the " Prophet of the Great Smoky Mountains " iin the bald summit of Mount Nelson, which we are ascending. Mr. Nelson and his son are amongst the party which meets us and escorts us up the slope. Here we have to leave the wheels, and take horse. I. am quite as sorry for my animal as for the mule Jack, which nine years ago carried me over the " Chain Central" of New Caledonia. My solo white companion in that journey amongst 500 natives I saw at St. Nazalre-sur-Loire a few months back. Without a scratch we passed through the campaign against savage cannibals, living amongst savage allies, who might at any moment have turned against us. Yet in the peaceful little Brittany seaport, driving out after breakfast with Commandant Servan, I was pitched out of a carriage, and my arm dislo- cated. I think of these things, and of the dangers of civilization, as my horse toils up the hillside, little recking that within a few hours the Brighton express would be rounding the curve beyond Prahran, and the brave engine driver aud fireman would be within three seconds of death, whilst I had escaped all the dangers of bad roads, reckless driving, moun- tain climbing and my own bad horsemanship. But here we are on the top of the cleared sum- mit of Mount Nelson, and the world is below us. And not only has the landscape changed, but for the nonce we are different men. Standing here on Mount Nelson, over 2200 feet above the sea level, viewing the landscape all around, to north and south and east and west, one feels abashed before the majesty of nature. We all feel it, for we speak little. For a minute or two there is not a sound but the restless movements of the horses, which shiver in the cold wind which strikes us at this height. Mr. Ryan does not attempt to tick off the locali- ties to me. I do not want to know them. What is it to me by what name such an eminence is known? Why are the everlasting hills vulgarised by human nomenclature ? On three sides there is an array of wood-clad mountains tinged with various hues of verdure, purple in some shades, fading to a misty blue in the far distance. Southwards, what seems a great plain, the valleys of the Plenty and the Yarra. The smoke of the great city hangs in the distant horizon. The ethereal azure of an Australian sky is above us. 'The soul seems over whelmed at the expanse which we view beneath us. To be above everything, as it were, with which our daily life is bound up on the low ievels beneath, one gets new sensations here — ideas of another life, of another existence than the petty one we have hitherto led. On this great "bald" of Mount Nelson it seems that the mountaineer who communes with im- mensities must be a different being to the dweller on the plains, The Alpine goatherd who sees his shadow loom Titanic on the mountain side has himself the largest inspira- tions of freedom . The soul has the highest development when the body is thus raised above the earth. I look long and let the lesson sink deep into my heart. Nothing more beautiful than this have I seen in my wanderings around the world, and the beauty is enhanced, and the finishing touch to the landscape is given, in the lake which lies at our feet — the despised Yan Yean, which here is a joy for ever. The silver glint of the waters is the one thing so ofteu lacking in Australian laudscape. Here the charm is complete. We turn our horses' heads and ride along the brow of the hill I am sorry that we have not time to accept the hospitality of Mr. Nelson, tendered to us at the little log cabin, the home stead on the mount. There is often snow on these ranges in winter. . Indeed, I remember to have seen them glistening in the sun when, 11 years ago, I occupied the responsible posi- tion of attendant in the Kew Lunatic Asylum. A cold place this during July and August. The people of this district have all the briskness which mountain air gives in contradistinction to the inertness of dwellers by the seashore. I think of the strange effects of climate on diffe- rent races as I talk to Mr. Nelson, whom I remind that I know a namesake and fellow countryman — my kind host in British Columbia six years back, Senator Hugh Nelson, now Lieutenant-Governor of the province. I am rather disgusted that we have to dismount and walk the horses down the hill, and I repudiate with scorn the offer of the descendant of the Border reivers to run me for a distance. In these matters I depute my young friend, " Jem," to represent me. Look- ing at his magnificent physique, I remember that an aspiring Melbourne medico once com- pared the rising young Australians to the ancient Greeks. I think that in a generation or two Australia and California will show the two physically finest populations in the world. I trust, however, that Dr. —- , in his own per- son such an example of his theory, will not have us assume the subtlety of the ancient Greek, who became the pandar, the politician and the priest in ancient Rome. The young Australian need not be too clever if he is manly like " Jem," and our youthful native " Jehu," who, after we resume our seats in the waggon, puts our lives in peril by his attention to Mr. Lyon's jokes. He is a good boy and a good driver, but he will not keep his eyes on his horses' ears. Galloping through the green woodland re- serve our party looks a respectable gang of bushrangers, and when we picnic on a grassy flat I am reminded of nothing so much as the feasts of the Banished Duke in the forest of Arden, which Shakespeare according to the nomenclature of the Warwickshire royal domain. Of Ardennes and Arden I have souvenirs pleasant and unpleasant. There is no Melancholy Jacques here to-day, however ; there is no "motloy fool" to meet in the forest. But we come across gangs of honest working men, employed in clearing the slopes of dead timber and decaying vegetable matter which might be apt to pollute the drainings into the aqueduct. As we drive along up and down slopes, and cross beautiful streamlets, till we reach Jack's Creek, W, Wilson tells me the history of the Yan Yean, which I afterwards supplement by information furnished by Mr. Davidson and others who know. The work has always been associated with the name of Mr. Matthew Bullock Jackson as engineer, a gentleman who departed from Victoria in 1859. He has left evidences of his talent and ability, and his contemporaries tell me that he was a terrible worker. But Jackson in his Yen Yean scheme worked on another man's lines (dead, I believe, before Jackson arrived in the colony), namely, Mr. James Blackburn, the first city surveyor of Melbourne. The question of a water supply to the metropolis, I am told, was mooted in 1848. Many schemes were proposed, but it was Blackburn who went into the bush, discovered the Yan Yean basin, projected the dam which is now in existence, and died before the realisation of his magnificent idea. Black- burn had no training in hydraulics, but was possessed of the intuitive inspiration of the born engineer. Scant justice, I am told, was done to our first city surveyor. The Yan Yean enterprise for the supply of water to the City of Melbourne was entered upon in 1854, Lieutenant-Governor Latrobe turning the first sod of the embankment. Water was turned on on 1st Jaunary, 1858, up to which dato the works had cost, in round numbers, $1,000,000 sterling. The original scheme was designed for the accommoda- tion of a population of 70,000. Into it no question of the suburbs, which have since come into existence, entered. But the growth of the city and its surround- ings have caused the water supply system to be one of continual extension, until now the original is the least effective part of the whole. Now a population of 350,000 is served ; and while the original title of Yan Yean is honored or execrated, the water in daily use is chiefly drawn from sources outside the Yan Yean and Plenty watersheds. The cost of the works to date is £2,200,000. Most of the later expendi- ture, namely, from 1859, has been incurred in extending reticulation in new streets, and in additional mains from the source, whereby to keep supplied (as some think, in hot weather, very indifferently) these extensions. On the whole amount there is derived a return of 6 per cent. But of this later expenditure there has been expended £120,000 beyond the watershed of the Yen Yean. This amount has been laid out in intercepting two creeks, small things in themselves to casual appearances, but which have, in fact, saved Melbourne from absolute water famine, vis., Wallaby and Silver Creeks, the waters of which geographically belong to the Goulburn, consequently to the Murray, and therefore to South Australia. There was abundant evidence some six years ago that the Southern or Plenty slopes were not yielding a supply as of yore, while the increasing demands in Melbourne needed recog- nition. The abundant Watts was five years off, even if tackled. Something sharp had to be done — not so much to give the metropolis the copious supply it deserved and needed as to ward off starvation. Thus it was that recourse was had to the streams mentioned. It is stated that Mr. Marshall, one of our companions on this journey, received a bonus in 1882 of £200 for finding out these watercourses, and that rather takes the wind out of Mr. Davidson's sails ; for the bonus is a tangible fact, for whatever it was received. Of course it is nothing to the pur- pose that in 1874 Air. Davidson gauged Wallaby Creek and conversed with his then superior, the engineer of the works, as to the possibility of diverting it through a spur of Mount Disappoint- ment into the Yan Yean watershed. In 1882 Marshall conducted Mr. Davidson to the point in the mountains the latter knew so well, and received an extra £100 for doing so — or for something else. I don't grudge him the amount. He is a character study to me — a native who has never seen the ocean. Any way, these works are constructed well and faithfully, and few in Melbourne, who enjoy the luxury of the bath, know how nearly to total collapse the Yan- Yean system had approached. There is one point on which the public of Melbourne can congratulate itself, and for which future generations will have reason to be grateful to their predecessors. Tho whole of the southern slopes of Mount Disappointment (the Plenty Ranges) and all the country north of the summit of the Dividing Range, within the watersheds of the Wallaby and Silver Creeks, are permanently reserved against human occupation. Therein may no man live : the axe shall not be heard, nor plough seen. The territory thus secured as a public inherit- auce is 80,000 acres in extent. It is all magnI- ficent forest, much of it in its primeval condition. It represents untold wealth if occupied, and its function is to shed pure water for the people of Melbourne. So the arrangements are that even against casual cor- ruption care has been taken in respect of the homes of the two servants of the department who have the care of the works. The houses are situated away from the slope of the reser- voir, and public traffic is not allowed on this Jack's Creek-road, which leads to the Cascades and the tunnel through the mountain side, which brings the waters of Wallaby and Silver Creeks to Melbourne instead of to the Murray. A very enchanting forest drive this. Silent and peaceful nature all around us — the murmur of running waters the only sound to be heard. Woodland verdure, rare ferns and heaths, no white gaunt girdled trees, ghost-like evidences of man's attack on the life which we contempt- ously call vegetable. Yet a tree is the most beautiful of living creations. The eucalyptus here are not so tall as in the Watts Valley or Gippsland, or the Dandenong State Forest, and speaking from a professional point of view as to their adaptability to turn into lumber. Mr. Lyon despises these gums. The Cascades are reached at last. Here an aqueduct of the same size as that from the Yan Yean lake to the pipe heads at Epping brings the waters for some miles from the tunnel to fall in a series of sloping cascades 150 feet into Jack's Creek, which, without this addition, would be a barely trickling stream, dry at some seasons. These cascades are artificial, but still very beautiful. As we stand at the bottom and watch the waters come tumbling and foaming from above, the roar in our ears speaks of health and com- fort for the thousands in the metropolis who will shortly drink and bathe from these sources. Jack's Creek at this point, with high tree ferns overshadowing it, is as beautiful as any of the reaches of the far-famed Watts at Fern- shawe. We meditate a while, and then return to the Wallaby Creek track, to find evidences of gubernatorial visits in empty champagne bottles. And then we retrace our path, and halt at the large reservoir at the foot of the mountain, where the waters settle down before gliding into the aqueduct which takes them to the Yan Yean.. And then a quiet ride back through Whittlesea to our home at Host Morris's. One by one our party disperses. I shake hands with Mr. Reid. I thank Mr. Wilson and Mr. Ryan for all their kind attentions. I remember all the citizens of Yan Yean and Whittlesea district whom I was privileged to meet, and hope they will get what is good for them. I wish they may soon get the railway they want. I hope Mr. Lockwood will be able to extend the library at the Athenaeum. And as we drive back I tell Mr. Lyon that I trust before I re- turn from the Cannibal Islands he will have built his conntry residence on the slopes of the Sheoak Hills, when I may again have a chance of visiting this beautiful district. 