*\Vut:N doaling with tho rotronchmont crazo which attackod the Council rocontly, nnd which has ended in nothing as far as wo can see, oxcopt tho settling of thodobton abettor basis, wo drow attontion to thofailuro in not looking for othor sourcos of rovonuo. Wo hold that tho Counril should not only cut down ncodloss expondituro but sook for raoro income. And wo maintain that thoro aro many othor sources from which rovonuo could bo drawn, Tho Common and tho Comotry havo boon two of tho heaviest drag^ ou tho Council, and still continuo wholly unromutiorativo. Mr Byrno has evidently cousidorod tho Common as a sourco of rovonuo, not a place iu which to sink tho funds of tho Council, and ho has carried a motion to fenco.it in. Tho Council ia at p'osont in tho throos of finding out how to fonco tho wost Common in and what aro thoir riyhts. Wo beiievo thero's some hanky panky bohind tho matter, but of courao wo can't tako notice A'f that. Wo hftvo always boon in favor of fencing in tho Common and of letting small portions for gardons and irrigation farms Tho Hen* iliquin Council luis dono woll out of tho Common thoy havo fenced in — at loast wo aro told si. Now, why was not tho Town Clork of l)oniliquin asked to inform our C.mucil: 1st, what was tho cost of fencing, nnd what is the cost of keeping it in ropair ; 2nd, what rights havo thoy exorcisod as against tho public, drovora, otc. ; 3rd, what has been tho rovonuo and tho expenditure. This roturn wo fool pretty Bitro tho Town Clerk of Beniliquin would furnish willingly, und it would l o of thoutmoit valuo to our Council in taking actiou. But they havo gone into tho thing without a scrap of information, and sinco then tho blind havo been leading tho blind, with 10 to 1 betting that both will fall into tho ditch. Wo confess to some doubt as to the ability of tho Council to manage a fenced in area of 3000 to 4000 acres at a distanco when it has made such a deplor ablo muddle over tho Park, which is only G'i- acros and in tho heart of tho town. If thoy allow the grass thoro to be 'oaten up by loafers, what will happen in the fenced in Common? Tho manage ment of tho Park' has broti simply abominable. Had tho Council adopted oommousonee principles thoy would havo a rovontie for nearly if not six mouths of £6 to i,'8 por week from the Park. Its being in tho centre of the town nnd tho splondid feed would make it a favorito with every person who owned a horso or cow, and if tho Council let theagistmont for the season sit 2a 0d or 3a por animtl it would havo plenty of customors. Of courso the Park would bo eaton out early in tho summer, but what of that : isn't it hotter to have the feed oaton up by stock that bringsjigistment than burnt up intosnuff by tho sun ? We think so. Tho Council has wastod the Park, that's all, and lost a good opportunity of adding to tho funds for the improvement of the Park. In rogard to the loafing stock the Council seem almost holploss : the best thing thoy could think of was to order tho Herdsman to get tho brands and des cription of tho cows. 'Why not, besides that, compol owners to put a collar on the cows bearing their namos, as is done olsrwhere. Tho Herdsman could then soon spy out tho loafers. Again, what mnde tho Council plant tho Oval with whoat, just to havo a littlo hay for their horse. Well ; wo would like to know all about that hav. Had thoy proparod tho oval, manured it woll, and planted it with alfalfa thoy would havo eternal greenuoss and eternal food for half a dozen horses. We seo by the Californian papers that three cows have been kept on an acre of alfalfa, Now, why does nob the Council go in for a littlo irrigation farm in the Park. Well mana-red .it ought to pay excelloutly, -and it would show the gonoral public the way. We hope tho Couucil will look into matters a littlo moro narrowly and endeavor to manago our affairs so that now sourcos of revenue will be obtained, without pressing upon tho rate payers. They aro a wonderful people, tho Amoricahs ; and oven combino tho utile with tho dolei. Tho latest modo of lighting tho drought in Kansas, aud which has proved a wondorful success, is a singular ono, but a glancowill show that it must bo ono of the bost ovor inventod. The heads and bottoms are knocked out of old vegetable, fruit, fish and preserved meat cans — and tho storo in Ilay is -a largo ono — ;i thoy aro placed upright in tho ground botwo«n the rowsofvegotablos, trcos, etc, iu this fa&hiou;: 0 0 O.O. 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . o . o . ' . 0 0 . 0.0 . o . 0 . 0 . o 0 .0.0.0 . o . ? 0 . o 6 . o . o . o ; o o . 0 0 . 0 V 0 . 0 Tho dots aro tho vegetables or trees, tho o s the tins. Evory eroding : tho tins aro filled with wator. This | ercolatos slowly into tho soil, is takon up by tho toeding rootlets, and doos not hurt as .ordinary water ing doos. If uuloached wood ashes or liquid manuro aro added to .tho wator in tho cans the rosults aro astonishing, Tho«o who go iu forgardons miuhtgivo this system atrial this season. Drain tilos will answoras woll, if not bottor than tho tins, Tho rationale of tho system appoars to us boyond con | tontion. ' God,' says an old proverb ' sout food for evory j mouth ; but sometimes tho food is in ono place, the | mouth in another.' Nothing could be truor. While : hundreds of thousands wore starving in Europe sheep and cattle were boiled down for the fat in Australia, and in South America tho cattle wore simply killed I for tho hide, and tho carcasos of millions woro loft to | rot on the plains. All that, howovor, is to a grest ? extent altored by tho diacovorios of bettor moans of proserviugfood, though wo aro of opinion the art is only in its infaLcy, and: thoro will yet bo a great revolution, Bosidcs, tho projudico against pre aorvrd and chillcd moat has partially givon way, and people in Europo are becoming moro sensiblo. It Booms a groat pity iudood that wo could not utilise our rabbits, which threaton to drive us out of tho country, and sond their carcasos to Europo as woll as thoir skins. This was dono when thoy wero plontiful at Colac and tho Rabbit Prosorring Company thoro paid fair dividends. In Glasgow, which is a vory cheap town— -tho London markot is always much higher— at the present time, tho season, rabbits aro 2* 6d per pair, hare* 4s each. In tho Sporting Times, publishod in London, wo find it stated that it cost tho Now South Walos Government ll?|d per rabbit to kill 7,853,787 rabbits, nnd that with tho bonuses paid by the settlors boyond tho Govorniuont subsidy the total cost of destroying each of these rabbits must como to Is 3d, just tho prico of a rab bit in Glasgow at prosont. Tho Times goos on to to say: 'In the moro donsely populated parts of Loudon, for instance, a rabbit cannot bo purchased for less than Is 7d or la 8d, or ovor 3s a couple, aud in Paris to obtain two ? lapins' for 5 francs is consid ered cheap. As a daily paper justly remark?, tho lower claBsos suffer in consequonco of those inflated prices.' Tlio paper calculates that rabbit carcases, stored in refrigerating rhambors could bo laid down in London at a coat of 8d oach, thus giving a fair margin. Wo wish tho idra could be realised, but we fear it is uttorly Utopian. If tlio rabbits woro raiBod in or near Sydney aud Molbourno thon wn boliovo they could bo exported with profit. I3ut unfortun ately tho rabbits are hundreds of milos from those ports, nnd we fail to seo how tho carcases could be proservod, in such a hot climato and sont to tho sea ports, Something might bo dono if tfioy wore trapped aud sont in alivo batches to tho uo.irest port. But wo foar that at present at least nothing can bo done to utilise tho pest. Local Government is tho crying want of this colony, and now that Sir Henry Parkes is about to introduce au Act to concodo it, tho country mftubors, who are tho most intorosted, ought to be up and stirring. It is a disgrace to Now South Wales uot to have a Local Government, wbon hor daughtor colonies hare had it for a generation. But caro should bo taken to seo that tho Local Government is of tho right sort. Soino will remember Sir Aloxandor Stuart'a bill, tho groat dofect of which was allowing tho formation of small municipalities. Boroughs and 'municipalities' woro to bo of limited extent. ? It is true that tho ' rural districts, to which thoro was no limit, woro oncour agod by a higher rate of subsidy, and that was looked upon as tho redeeming foaturo of tho bill. .But whrtt should be oarnostly fought against ia imill raunici palitius*; Littlo Pedlingtou*, whoao rates ofton baroly cover tho otftco oxponsos. Tho municipality should ombraco tho district that doals with what might bo called tho county town, no as to croato somothing liko a local Parliament, out of which would bo elimi nated tho mi?orablo pottifogging *pirits that abound iu littlo municipalities. For instance, thore ought to bo in Riverina only tho following municipalities, omhracing tho towns and thoir districts : Wagga, Honiliquin, Jorildorie, Corowa, Bilranald, Narran dera, Hay, Hillston, Mossgiel (pos ibly), Wilcaunia, Louth, Bourko, Milparinka, Silvorton, Monindio, Wontworth, Forbes, Collar, Nyniagee, Euabalong (perhaps). {Such bodiss wonld be poworful, would command as mombors tho foromost minds of the dis trict, and would havo rovonuos that would enablo thorn to havo tho ablost officials. Wo do not . know what Sir Honry'a measure is, but wo fool atroniily that if ho allows of two ponny*halfpotiny local bodies thoy must at all hazards bo oliminatod out of tho moasuro An accident of rather a painful naturo occurrod on Wodnosday^ morning to n wolUknown gontlemau in the district. Calling at our offico on business, and waiting for tho proprietor, tho gontloman whilst waiting amused himself by oating an orango, thus fliAlnrmf.nrl Ilia i-i«t mnrtnpitir* ins RftB.iW/i Ono of our staff' promptly secured a cab, . and sought Dr. Kennedy. Thin gentloman being from homo, tho aufforor drove to Mr Pursoll, tho chemist, but ho considered tho caso too sorious for his skill. A drivo was thon takon to tlio Hospital. Surgical »kill not being to hand thoro, tho gentleman was thon rapidly drivon to Mr Chorry's, but whilst on the way managod by forcing tho muscles of tho face into different angles to bring tho bono into position again. Tho sufToror informs us ' There's many a slip 'twixt ths ear and tho lip,' this uot boing the first occasion his jaw has boon a literal troublo. A mewing of tho committeo of tho Horticultural Socioty took place on Svturday aftornoon, at tho Council Chambors. Thoro wero prosont: — Mr T* Robortson (in the .-hair), Mrs Cherry, Mrs Robott son, Mrs Macarthur, Mrs Russell, Mrs Lavondor, and Messrs A. Burnett, R. Chambor.', H. T. Haynos, and T. W. Blanche. After some preliminary business had boon disposod of, Mrs Bowdon wis addod to tho committe-, and Mr Llaynes appointod tro usurer in tho room of iho lato Mr Leckie, Somo diicmsion thou took placo with reforonco to tho date upon whiL'h tho hhow should bo In Id, it ' ein-4 .pointed out that as tho hot winds wero likely soon to eot in, i.ho 9th of Novembor would Ijo too lato, as many of tho flowers, would thon bo destroyed. On tlio motion of Mr R, Chambors it was doridod to hold this shO'V, on Wed-^ nosday, tho *?0th of October. ;Tho question of pro paring a programme for tho show was tlien considered, and a tub*committeo consisting of Mossrs Chprry, .Ln vendor, and Bowdon ; and' Mr Blaucho, tho hon, soerotary. was appointed to driw up a programme to bo submitLed to tho general- committoo. Sevoral special prizes .wore announced, viz., The Bishop, £2 2s; Mrs Russell. £2 2s; Mr J. Ru-aell; .CI Is; Mr T. Robertson, Jt'2 2s; Mrs T. Robertson, £1 1 s, and Mrs Lavondor, i!l Is. It was docidcd to try to obtain the us^ of Wood's old storo for 'tho purpose of holding tho allow in, as it is central, largo, and airy.- Tho mooting thon adjourned. We.under^tand that not only doos tho society intend to havo n spring flhow, but it will havo a fruit show in February or March, and also a chrysanthemum display. We woro in error, it appears, in stating tliafc tho Hay Corps wa- disbaudod. . The errof arose through misunderstanding tho ordor calling in tho accoutre ments. This was dono for inspection- On asking ono of the volunteers ho said tho corps was in tho courso of disbandment. A casb of great interest to pastoralists was heard in the Circuit Court nt Wagga on Tuesday, when Mr Meurant sued Mr Parker for £200 damages for breach of warranty as to tho ago of 103 rams. Plaintiff averred that ho purchased tho rams as 4-tooth, and that whon dolivored ho found that nearly two-thirds wero (»-tooth aud a number 8-tooth. It was con tondod on behalf of plaintiff that ohoep sold as four tooth should bo only 2 years old, aud thoso with more teeth must bo oldor, aud consequently not of such value. ^ Dofondant held that tho sheep sold camo from his Quiamong station, and rams frequently had six and eight teeth before being 3 years old. Much evi dence was given on both sides, tho jury finally re turning a verdict in favor of defendant. Tub now Parliament in New Zealand is strongly Conservative. Sir Robert Sturt has retired 'from' public life. Tho Opposition havo a majority of 15. The contost for Wontworth lies between Mr De Courcy Browno, an Oppositionist, and Mr Griffon, a Parkesito. Mr Griffon favors a continuation of the Hay lino to Wontworth. The follow'ng is Mr Abbott's charucter of Mr Griffen 'Oxford Hotel. W, B. Christie —-Griffin last general election (asked mo to support him, arid told me ho was a-Republican, a Protectionist, and an Atheist ; he id now a Froe* .trader.— J. P. Aijbott.' i .Tub Melbourno police have at last put an ond to tho I burgling epidemic by arresting 30 or 40 suspicious i charactoro. In arresting a dosporato burglar named Farroll, agod 01, Dotoctivo Nixon was fired upon, but his life was saved by a lot of papers in his brea3t pocket. A Sydney gang ot dosperato burglars has gouo to Melbourne. A meeting of; persons iuterestod in the drainage of the westery part of* tho town was held at tho Calo donianon Wednesday evening. Nearly all interested ^wero present, and Mr Kobortson occupied tho chair Resolutions in favorof propor drainago wero passed, i a:.d a dop'utation appointod to wait upon tho Council. A petition is in cour«e of nignature. Inn White StarLinor Britannic, which arrived at Quoenstown on August 18 from Now York, brought ?intelligence of tho loss of tho vessol Sara, and tho greater portion of jior crow, between San Pedro and Martinez, California. At tho time of the disaster tho veiBel had on board, besides tho crow, tho captain's wifo, children, and niece, also Superintendent Hallo, of tho Bautimore Copper Mills, at Santa Rosa. Tho Sara was struck suddenly by a hoavy surf, and cap sized. All on board perished, oxcopt the captain and four of tho sailors, who savod themselves by clinging to tho bottom of tho vosscl. Two of tho sailors bo camo crazy, saying thoy wore going ashore, and imme diately plunged into tho soa. Thoy had no soonor touchod the wator than sharks devourod them. The captain, a sailor, and a small boy woro tho only sur vivors, who clung to tho wrock, on which they re mained for eight days, oxperioncing fearful privation and sufferings. Numborsof sharks kept constantly hoverin? aronnd tho wrock, waiting for their prey. The sufferors wore kopt alivo by catching passing turtles and sucking their blood. Thoy woro at last rescued, in a doplorablo condition, by tho vessel Refugo. ? Other reasons why tho Mercantile Mutual Insur ance Company ropro*ontod at Hay by R. C. McKiunoy and Co, can bo^ recommended : 1. It is ontirely colonial, its business is confined to Now South Walos, aud tho public will not bo called upon to pay in croasod ratos to moot losses made olsewhoro. 2. fho policies cover losses from bush flros, lightning, and gas explosion, in addition to tho ordinary riik fromfiro. 3. The profits aro dividod with policy holders every year in casb, without deduction. 4. A bonus of 20 por cont was distributed from last year's premiums, and £3885 was paid in cash. B r tho Times wo see that Mr N, J. Trevona was attacked by footpads in Piccadilly, Loudon. He oscapod from them but thoy wont at him again and got his watch and chain. Tho robber, was, howovor, caught by aomo bystanders and sentenced to six mouths. A religious enthusiast namod Poulton was fined 5s and 4s lOd costs at Molong for preaching in tho stroot. Ho said ho could not rooogniso tho right of any oarthly powor to keop any part of tho earth from the uso of tho Lord. A solicitor, against Poulton's will, became responsible for tho fine and then Poulton knelt down in tho Court and praypd for tho whole lot. He was onco a bank manager. A writ of attachment has beon grautod against Mr J. R. Iiid wards, solicitor, Doniliquin, for not obeying an ordor of Judge Fawcott to pay over £420 to a cliont. Oun contributor Bilby writoa : 'I havo boon in formed that a ghost has tnrncd uo at Oxley, on the Corrong station, at a rabbittor's placo, and has causod a great commotion there. Thoro is not a stone within milos of tho placo, but it is said that tho ghost assailed therabbittors' tent with a perfoet fusilado of rocks, and then disappeared in a bilby hole— which is, I suspect, a gross libel. 'I am further told that a party went out from Oxloy to investigate, but returned very demoralized. I haven't tho slightest doubt that if thoy didn't seo tho ghovt, they saw somo spirit. 1 ro''&bly; we'll hear moro about the affair.' Church op England, Hay. — Divino serrico will bo held in St. Paul's Church, on Sunday next, both morn ing and ovening. Holy Communion at tlio foronoon servico. Nothing is being dono to tho sparrows at the rail way station, and thoy aro breeding fast. If poisoned grain wero put in cups on tho roof, and the swoopings on which they live, kept covorod up Mr Sparrow could soon bo got under. Mass will bo celobrated at Pino Ridge, on Sunday, Octobor 10. Dr. Lawson, of Balranald, is about to start a St ^ John Ambulance class in that town, I Readers of Ohirlos Dickens will, roraorabor that, iu his novol of David Copporfiold, Mr Pogotty ilssorts positively that poor old Barker, thon dying, will go oat with the tido. Tho journal .Science says that— 'A physician living noar tho soa stato* that during the paotfiro yoarj ho has noted tho hoar and minute of death iu niuoty'throo patients, and overy ono has gono out with the tido, cavo four who died suddonly by nocidon:. Is thoro any othor ovidonco to suntain this statoment? Wo don't know about exact oridoneo, but thoro aro ilozons and dozens of Co nish, Devon shire, and Kentish mon who will corroborate tho statement.' The art union to lesson tho debt on tho Convont buildings has boon necessarily postponed until tho Christmas holidays, whon without fail it will como off. Parties holding books of tickets aro roquosted to sond tho butts as directed boforo tho said datos, . We have received intelligence that Mr Pitcairn, who was for years Crown Prosecutor, is dead. He expired at the Criterion Hotel, Wagga, on Thursday at one o'clock in the morning, Mr.Pitcairn's remains were convoyed to Sydney for interment. Before com ing to New South Wales Mr Pitcairn was Crown Prosecutor or P.M. at Beechworth, Victoria, and was we believe a victim of the famous Black Wed- nesday. An extraordinary froak of'naturo has taken placo in Ilay. At the ond of Juno last a mob of shoop passed through, and whon at tho bridgo a owe, which was hoavy in lamb, knockod up. Sho wn* :-iven to Mr Jono*, an 1 gavo birth to ono lamb. O , tho 20th of this month (Soptombor), tho owo gi.*o b:rth to t*o lambs; two months after tho fir«it lamb. All throo lambs aro doing woll, tho first one was sucking' hor whon tho two last woro born. This is indeod a ro markablo caso of saperfoetation. The Hospital wardsman acknowlodgoa with thanks on bohalf of tho patients, tho rocoipt from Mrs Richmond of sundry volumos of 'Sun-lay Magazine' and ' Sunday at Home.' I In regard to the statomont abo ;t tho disbandmont of tho 11. V, R. Corps, Color- Sergcunt Gould makes tho following remarks in a lottor on the subject: ' In justice to tho mombors 'I Hhould liko to say tho Corps is not disbandod. In fa'!t, ib is still ono of tho strongost in tho southorn district ; niul can to day muster 33 officiont mombors, without recruits. Wo do not know at prosont tho intontion of thoso in authority concomiug Rosorvosgonorally. Bt this N certain that an 'alteration is ponding, honco tho ordor to roturn into storo all Govornmont yroporty iu possession of tho Corps.' ? ThKad v.ilorom dniies will bo rem »vod after this date. ; ? Presbyterian Church, Hay.— Tho Murrumbidgoo .Presbytery- having ncceplod tho resignation of tho Rev. S. A. Hamilton from the 30th itist, tho Church Extension Cimmiltoo havo appoin'od tho Rov. John Macintosh, M. A. to preach iu tho Hay Church on Sabbath next, 2nd Octobor# morning and ovoiiiiiff. (D.vo * : Wesleyan Church.— Octebor 2nd. Morning : Divine worship, and Communion service. Subject of di.icourso ' Women's work in tho Church:'' Evoning subject ,' ' Ropontanco.' . . At tho usual fortnightly mooting of tho lUno Rib bun Society tho mombors discussed tho advisability of removing tho moorings from tho Weiloyan Church to tho-Terriporanco Hall. It was thought by acme that the. operations of the society would bo oxtonded if tho, moorings were romoved to moro noutral ground sach as the Tomporance Hall ; by others thai; tho Temperance Hall was in a bad position; and that tho moorings -would hot bo bottor attondod than they woro in tho church; It was also thought that had the moot ino.s been romoved to the hall at llwt, it would havo been bottor than removing it now. :. Howovor the voto decidod it bya small majority in favor of tho church, nB tho bost place for holding tho moorings. Tiierb was no mooting of tho Council on Thursday ovening, only Aldormon Torry and Baxtor turning up. Tho Mayor aiid Alderman Witcombo aro in Syd noy at tho Municipal Conforonco. ' ' ' ' A farbwem, dauco was given to Mr.', Arthur Roah, who has boon promoted front the A.J.S. Back hero to tho position of accountant at Narrandora' in tho Academy of Music, on Mouday ovoning, 20th instant, which.provedva very groat succoss. At.tho, suppor Mr Sub- inspector Smith proposed tho health of Mr Reali, to which tho latter ropliod in a vory neat speech. Mr Tattam proposed tho ladies, which was responded to by Mr Gibbs. Dancing was kept up till 4 a.m., whon everybody appeared to onjoy themsolvos thoroughly. The catering was dono by Mr Honkel in his best stylo. MrRoah loft oh Tuosday morning for Narrandora, carrying with him tho good wishes of tho pooplo of Hay. A few of Jiiu frionds assembled at the station to seo him off.. / Mit R, S.-Puyce, of tho N.S W Commission, - who is canvassing for exhibits for. the Melbourne Conton nial Exhibition is in town; Mr Pryco has boon travel-' lingin.Wngga, Young, &o.;, and has met with groat succoss and oncouragomont. Mr Pryce will stay in town until Tuosday when ho noos to Narrandora. IIo is staying at Tnttorsall's. It should bo n^bdless to oxpatiato upon tho importahco of Bonding ovory exhi bit wo can to Melbourno, not only from a patriotic spirit to show what New South Wales can produco and manufacture, but for tho very practical pnrposoof giving some information to tho groat puolic of tho world which will meet in that city that thoro is such a place an Hay, and that it can produco and manufac ture somcthing'worth attontion, In wool, especially, wo think we ought to do something groat. Wo trust Mr Pryce will moot with warm support. Wo may montion that tho Government pav all oxponsos, bo yond tho actual production of tho oxhibit. Tun Forbes Times says : A' Justico of tho Peaeo now living in Forbes, but who, somo fow years aao, re sided in another part of tho colony, was speaking to us tho othor day about the largo additions which havo recently boon mado to th9 magisterial list. Ho in formod us that when living at - an individual wroto to him on two soparato occasions asking him -to uso his influence to got his namo placod on tho Com mission, and oach timo offering a bonus of £20 if it could bo dono. Said our informant: 'Of courso T tore up tho letters and never ovon replied to tho fol low, but,' lie added, 'Iseohohus managod it now, for his namo iaon tho now list just published.' Tho questions which tho public will bo interested to know aro: 'jWho 'tho follow' is ?'and whether anyone1 has got that £20. * The Rev. J. Macintosh, M, A. (of Aberdeen Uni versity) arrivod in Hay on Thursday ovoning to supply tho chargo left vacant by tho retirement of tho Rev. Mi Hamilton. Tho Rev. Mr Macintosh arrivod in Sydney last March from Scotland and has had chargo of several parishes in this colony sin?o then. Tho Rov. Mr Macintosh proaches in thoScotch Church on Sunday. Mr Macintosh is staying at presont at Tioma, Alma stroot. The caso of tho man Osbonrno charged with steal ing a pipe and knife from Mr Reith, of Condnbolin, waB ono which shows up tho costliness of our law systom. Why should not such a trifling caso bo doaltwith at the Police Court? Why put the State to thooxponsoof bringing such a ciso fo tho socond highost court of tho realm, and costing witness, &c;, loss of timo and monoy. W. Maiikr writes to us that having beon discharged from .Toogimbie shod without a reforonco from tho committoo appointed by tho Union, ho considers ho has not boon fairly doalt with, as it loaves him with no charactor for any othor shod Ho says that con sidering ho was discharged for nothing conaoctod with tin shed, only simply through a private quarrel with a follow servant, ho thinks ho has a griovanco, and hopes tho representative of Bonduek * ill tako notieo of it, and seo that all true mon will havo fair play. H. B. Broughton and Co. roport having sold 500 cast stud nwos for lilillawa Pastoral Company; and in conjunction with Mr H. J. Wooldridgo, 3S00 full mouthod wothors in wool for Messrs Parker and Dwyer, Balranald. Also 12 head young draught horses for A. W. Boazloy, Albury. eood colts roalizincr £20, and several othor small lots ofhornes for various owners. Nfav South Wale* at the Colonial fand Indian Ex hibition was thoroughly representative anil gold ores and quartz attracted ureat atlention, especially wlrm it was known that the overage per ton was far hi excess ot that in the other colonics. LMer news ha^hown that New south Wales is likely to become the gold field of the future, f Mr Freeman, the inventor of the Original ond only Genuine Chlorodyne, has lately sent out many cases with thoso gentlemen who are interested in the auriferous enterprise Mr Freeman has received numer ous flattering letters anil visits from fte v South Wales colonists who, ono and all. speak of the incalculable valuo ofhisChlorodvne in tho treatment of nil the commoner disease* of lit'o, and cspe dally in Tramp, Colic, Diir rnoea, Dysentery nnd Fevers &c.;, so frequently tnet with in the Geld nnd Diamond Fields of Aus tralia.— Sold everywhere throughout the colonics Insist upon having '* Freeman V only. Reject sub stitutes as they are worthless. Trademark, an 'ele phant. 