Are Sceptics Good Husbands ? The ahovo subject is discussed at some length in the sixteenth Feirloy lecture by tho ORev. 'William L. 'WatV'nsou, which has just reached us from Mr. 'Wool'nor, under the title of ' Tho Influence of Scepticism on Character.' Mr. Wntlsinson, who is a sinewy controversia list of tho grisly order, has had his conscience outraged uy the ?\ve:'.-tiiown statement of J. S. Mi1! to the effcot that if (.Coptics would more generally nnd candidly avow the'v scepticism, tho -world would bo astonished to discover ho w numy of its brightest ornaments, iucluding thoso distinguished foy wisdom and virtue, mo complete sceptics in religion. A pussago in Ivlr. Morluy's 'Eousscau' increases his irritation ; it is that in which tho biographer atlcs whether men would not bo more l-'cely to have a deeper lovo for thoso about them, and a keener dread of fillhifr tho houso with aching hearts, if they realised eovvag-eously that tho dark and horrible grave was indeed tho end of then- coiitmvnion. ilv. Watktnaon rep^'os by passing in review tho lives of many of the most omuiont suey-tic3 of tho centuvy, with tho object of proving that unbelievers, however excellent they may l-o in ptlior respects, nro not distinguished for tho domestic virtues. The passage in which lie smns up Ins coifclusion is as follows : — Uc-n wider thoroughly, sceptical convictions ' would bo more likely to havo deeper love for tliofco about them, and a keener ch-ead of filling n house with aching hearts;'' realising that no heavenly house awaits them, thoy will sedu lously cultivate domestic tmity, love, sweotnoss, purity, joy, surpassing anything found in circles deluded by tho hope of immortality. But wliero is thuro ghost of ovidenoo to sup yort this expectation? -Must wo go to tho Goethe household with its half-marriago and confusions? To Chelsea, and contemplate husband and wife in their terrible, bitter, life long conflict, tho honso liko a ' madhouse,' tho wretched couplo now and again soparating fox- a -while when tho wrath and rage becomo intolerable ? Is tho ideal to bo found in tho nnblested union of Georgo Lowes and Miu-iau Evans? Or does Mr. llorloy intond us to soo the demonstration of tho domestic gain of un belief in the circlo of Godwin ? Did Godwin hint tho Eoltening influence of Titlieism on character aud friendship ? Is thoro any thing specially delicious in his porpetual quar rels with his friends, -in tho conduct of Mary ?Wooletouecraft, either beforo or after hor marriage with tho ' passionless philosophor,' in tlio second marriage of Godwin with Mrs. Cluirmont, in tho abandonment by Sholloy of his wife, and tho seduotion by him of Mary Godwin, in tho suicides and misorablo endings .which shut tho scene ? Aro wo to turn from tlio ' greasy domesticity' of tho avorago Christian homo to find tho genuine nrtiolo in tho magio circlo of James Mill, whore tho husband treated tho wife with the meanest tryanny, where tho entrance of tho father spoiled tho inusio of the ohildren ? Is tho fine funoy of a sacred, harmonious family reached , when John S; Mill's baneful presonoo troubled the houGO of Mr. Taylor, who was oven ac cording to Carlylo ' tho pink of hospitality f' 'Wits Mies Marnneau's treatment of hornotlo ; brother marked by extraordinary oatholioity or tenderness P Or, can Mr. Morloy intend us to find tho green pastures and still waters of domeBtio lifo in tlio 'household of Cotute ? Or, in despair, must wo porietrato tlio domestic. Bhvino of Schopenluiuer ?. ITouo of theso lights of unbelief can be presontod as patterns ; with out exception they ate warnings. And yet Mr. Morloy -would fain ; persuade us that hitherto ovuol1 thorns'. will- produoo- tender grapes and fragrant wine; that pieroing thistles -will surprise with luBoionsfigB. Chris tian households aro subject to melancholy misfortunes, seliitirB, nnd sorrows; but when Iho worst thero comes the worst, it is yet far better than tho domeBtio Bcenes of infiaol life painted-by infidel- hands ; and with tho tor riblo ' tryannios, ' heartburnings, ostranjjo mentB, cruelties, of these representative nnbeliovcra before us, tho inducement is not strong to forsako tho vino and figtroo of Ohris 'tinn domesticity for somo trees of paradiso which Mr. Morloy expoota to bloom in tho atheistio wilderness. 