FROM THE PREriBYTERTAN ASSEMBLY, Ah !h ueunl at thin season of tho year the " drum ucolesiftiitick" in being bcaton by the trader? of tiro 1'rcahyjnrmu Church of Victoria. At nemo former meeting? of tho General As- lombly, tho nianiiiulnlinn ' has been in a fort!r.fimusn\i\t but on tho present' occasion tho pianissimo is likely to provnil. There in. In Khiat, no burning question over which tho tlcb.uu might bu tinged with unimuticm and, almost it might bo Raid as a wonder, no " heresy hunt," in which tho rcont of tho clerical none is always keen and far reaching. ' Looking down tho " rolu of binmics?" rojKirts, return? and over- tores arc its uomtpieumis ami over- recurring contents. The Hov. W. lloiut, of Laiicufiuhl, succeeds tho Rov. J. G, Baton in tho Modern- '' .elmir. Ho is a very old member of tho A-iscmhly, but hnsnevrv taken a prominent part in itHproccedingp, and ho is ono of tho Established Church rr.ctlou of that body, tho lat tor fact being, probably, a principal reason for his election. For abtmc an hour nt tho opening of tho Sederunt to-day tho Assembly hold devotional exercises, There was praying, preaching, and ringing, but tho membors are not very high class vocalist?, and thoir efforts arc a little de pressing. Thero was a tmmorous attendance of members, botli clerical and lay, within tho bar, and in the bpdy of tho hall tho scats were pretty fully occtinlrd by ladios and grnUemen, After notices of motion, "nono of them of par ticular moment, tho Rov 0. Taib was unanimously olectod as assistant to Dr Nisli in tho clerkship. Twin over this prevlouscnlm a littlo bronzy ripple was wafted by rt-fornnco to tho case of tho Rov Mr Duds. It- came up In tho shape of a reference from the Melbourne Presbytery to tho Assembly oalHng attention to the action of tho Gonornl Assembly .of tho Kstiihlishcd Church of Scotland tn instructing tho Glasgow Pii'sbytory to receive tho Rev Mr Doits to the status of an ordained minister when they knew that he was under scntcnco of suspension fcr contumacy by tho Melbourne Presbyter;. Tlio Presbytery desired that the Assombly should dc;d with the matter ''as in their wis dom may seem beat," and at once a motion wns submitted tliat the matter should bo remitted to a committee for consideration and repoit. This was met by an amendment by the Rov Mr Chambers, that they drop this sort of hot-potato. IIo was sure they would only get another slap in the face, and he did not eeo why they should court such a tiling, or eontinnc fighting with ghosts. Somo little debate of, it could bo eeon, suppressed character followed, and tho pmomirt of the committoo was subject to tnoro discussion, but ultimately tho matter was remitted to a representative committee. It was not in a very assuring Htrain tlint Dr X). Mncdonald spoko nf tho year's working of tho Widow's Fund of tho church. The nd- ditions since last Assembly wero n littlo over ii700, they had paid ftniraltiot of L'JOOO. mid the cnpittil of tho fund Ir now L20.800. On tiio whole tlio present war satisfactory, but tho future w as not bo bright unless there was to bo muoh moro support, and meanwhile there oould bo no inorewro in the amount of tho annuities. Of cournu brethtrrn com- mlsserated with tho aged convener in ins position, and all made an appeal on behalf of the fund, tlio roport being as adopted. Tho special commltleo appointed Inst year to con sider thu working of tho Surtentatiou Fund had their report Bubrnlttod by tlio Rev. 8. Robinson. It was brief, and shortly put, rooommended that tho fund bo worked on oxUtlng with two or thrro minor alterations. Somo "radical chongos," as ho termed them, wore suggested by Professor Miodouald, tho chief? of thorn bolng that they should "drop the name Sustentatlon Fund." The name be admitted was dear to Ills heart, but ss thoy worked things In the church they hnd really no such fund thnt could be so designated. Other members put forward suggestions as to the dealing with the finances of tho church. 80 that all might be able to consider and discuss tho alterations, lb was resolved to send down the ro|x>rt to all Presbyterys. 