' ClIAI-TEE iff/ It was the 12th of January, am Rupert Hildretli had not yet heard another word Worflr mentioning concerning* his friend* s orphan and her affairs. It is true he had received a letter from Mr. Dimond containing some rubbish or other about something that was to happen if he married the child when she became of age; but as that could not .happen for nearly 20 years, and as it could not possibly concern liim in anyway# he had naturally thrown the letter, half read, into his waste-basket, and being deep in an all-absorbing investigation, had for gotten to eend a word of answer. He worked on, without giving a real thought to such im pertinent nonsense; and if another girl's form would sometimes come between him and his labour, or between his paper and his pen, he had become used to that ghost, and would even "have missed it if it ever ceased wholly to come. So far, therefore, he had made himself secfiro for another course of an old year which hud so consistently proved good to him, bringing hiin no evil, and, on the other hand, increasing: satisfaction with himself and indifference to all the rest of mankind. Every day he had risen ? at the same hour and worked on till his brain: was heartHy tired. Every night he insured himself a long sleep, too deep for dreams. The'! man, day by day, was turning into a machine': ; and so he willecf. On this night of the 12th he waa working, as ; usyal, and was even more than usually ab sorbed. It was a lonely old house in which' ho. lived, near the town, but yetwitH 'no close neighbours. Those dark winter nightsrwere as long and noiseless as the heart of 'student could desire, even though, now and then, he might near tho rush and scream of the night mail that passed Rainham without stopping, and every hour the chiming of the church tower. It was more to keep out these than the rush of the train that Rupert Hildreth had double windows to all his rooms, and kept them close even in summer time. One of his principal eccentricities was a morbid antipathy to the sound of church clocks, especially when they 8truck 12. He made his servants go to bed punctually -at 10, for he liked, duriug his night work, to feel absolutely alone. And never, since he had settled at Rainham, had he been disturbed after that hour. At first, therefore, he could hardly believe his own ears when, lato in the evening, and long after his servants were out of the way, he heard a bell ring through the house-no sound of a church clock, but within the house itself,- as if such an impos sible thing were happening as that somebody was pulling tho bell of his own front door. It could onlv be fancy-such things often happen to mincis so absorbed in thought that outward things often become confused and obscured, and when the senses, cut otf from real sights and sounds, are compelled to find their own food. He had almost forgotten tho matter, when the bell rang once more. I must be real, then thought Rupert, angrily. If it happened again it would wake the servants, throw the house into a tumult, and rob him of a whole night's work-and . that must never be. If only to say No to somebody, ho must go down himself and stop the ringing, otherwise nothing would have moved him from his desk had all Rainham been on fire. Ho opened tho door just in time to savo him self from another ring. By tho bright light of the moon, then at her full, he saw a young girl well wrapped in a cloak with her hand upon the bell. ""What does this mean?** asked Rupert, sternlv. 11 Who aro vou ? "What do you want hererf' ? v;/?*??/, "I-I*m afraid," Raid the girl, looking round her doubtfully, " I*m afraid I'vo.lost my way-I saw a light here, and no other house near-I came by the train-is it very far?" "No. It is straight along the road,'* said Rupert, rather roughly. " It was something more than annoying to be disturbed in full work, and to bo rung up at such an hour for such a tritle as a lost way. " But is it very far ?" Thero were limits, .to even hu-> cultivated likeness ton machine- There seemed some thing strange about the girl, lie thought, as she spoke thus doubtfully" and wearily. She did not look liko one to bo rambling about- alone at midnight; and thought nothing 'concerning a stranger could possibly mean anything toliiiu, he had not as yet wholly ceased to be :i man. "I suppose." he said, " you have friends at Rainham and are on your way to them? It is not very far," but I am afraid it is both very far and very late-for you/* A " No; I have no friends. I suppose thero is an inn?" " "You have business, then? Nobody ever comes to Rfcinhum without business or friends." lie thought again, for it began to seem to him that thero'was something about her not wholly strange. Yod,n ho said, " of course there is an inn; but -?.'* . J, I;'' y "I have. Nto; gee a Mr*Hildreth to-morrow, who lives ltere'" TWtis'Ml," ; / " You have to ECc JIr< Hildreth ? And .what possible reason You have to see me V ' "You are/Mr. Hildreth?" r .. . r l .".Thatia'my name*" And yours?" All his sternness had returned. Had his well-trained Old Year gone crazed? "Yon will know who I am," said she, sadly > and proudly, "when I tell you why I am. here. It is to tell you with my own lips, before I leave such a world as this, where men - buy love, and let hearts starve, that Combe Bassett is yours, every blade of grass, every atkk and stone, without your having to be put to tlio iiK^e of asking for the hand of ones whom yon refused even to look at when eh* could be nothing more to you than the orphan of your friend. That i« all-" "He looked, almost in amaze, certainly bewildered, from her into tho dark entrance . ifewjngh which the night wind had followed her, a* little welcome as she. "Pardon me,,., saidhc, "but this is a. matter with which I have nothing' absolutely to do. Do you mean. . to tell me, whoever you are, that you are in league with tho.se who seek to bring1 into my house and life the child whom I am bidden, make my wife in my old age ?" "What child?" "What else? Are you playing me 'some trick?"-He turned aside to light the lamp; partly to think, partly to see. 441 remember only eleven days ago some lawyer fellow ' wanted mo to let in the new year in the ^hape of a child. I refused him at the right time:, it is too late now I What have I to do with DickDerwent'e child? There is an early train to-morrow; take it, and go back again.'* And. tell those who sent you here, that if wealth, and power, and glory, and wisdom, and love, came knocking altogether at my doo?, I would noy, as I say to you-I want none oi you Oo V' "I tell you that I, Bertha Derwent, re fuse The lamp was lighted. One . struck Eain ham clock. ' And never since Rupert had lived there had he heard . so loud a, stroke. For it made no lmifHed-thud through double windows, bat a full, heavy boom through the open door" which Supert "had thrown open at the second, ring and. had neglected to close-on old New .Year's Eve! The lamplight was on both their faces; in the ears of both boomed'the bell. No chimes Heralded the birth of this New Year of theirs, 'though that 12th day of Januaiyis as surely ;New Ycar'a Evo for those who will as Twelfth Day is Old Christmas Day. For those who will?, well, maybe any day in the year will do as well. Only, it did so happen that, when. JBnpcrt left the door ajar for a youngs girl to enter, he had forgotten that, where evil is to ' be let out, and good let in, Time is good, enough to givb. us at least Two New ?Year's Days-an Old as well as a New; or rather & New as well as an Old. '.-?''Bupert!" "Bertha!" " And I refused you ?" "And I barred out youwhenlbarredout the. New Year-but how could I tell? And what , else have I barred out ? Harm, yes- but what else? Heaven knows. One blessing-how many more?" " Do you bar me out still?" He looked at her-then far away, as if round the world. "Neitheryou, nor whatever Time may bring," said he.' "This is New Year's ^Eve for me. Good and 111-HI and Good, let all come; they all come from the same place by the same road. Let them all come together, so they come, at last, with you4 .... God will bless the new, and God speed the old!" :r Bainham clock took a long- time to strike ,* alt this, and more had been told,; when it boomed . 