Paint, Powder, and Actresses. 'Wem, Isupposo actresses adopt, tho sama processes ns fushionablo women? '. ' Not a bit of it. Actresses havo to follow simple and quick methods to make up for a,: stago appearance; Tho actress who wishes to mako a good . appearance usually ?washoB hor fncoin water and: thpn in bay rum. Oriental cream or a whitish liquid is next applied with a spongo. When tho faco is dry it is then powdered -with the finest chamois skin! Thon the background,- ; as it were, is ready, aud curmino is delicately distributed with' a fine velvet spongo over tho features. . Tho lips next receive attention by tho horaooopathio applica tion of a red liquid. All of this is dono with incredible swiftness, aud without any apparent effort to obtain artistio effeot. The particular part of the toilot now begins— pencilling tho oyebrows. A Bmall cumol's-hair. brush, of tho -best quality, is \ moistened with tho finest Indian ink, and work oh- the eyebrows ia fairly inaugurated. Adoli calo lino is also drawn under tho lashes on tho lower lid. This is the way tho actress prepares to mako her appearance upon tho stago whon she ia personating a character that doea not require hor to look older than sho really ia. In that case, of courso, she uses cosmetics and paints to produco wrinkles and tho necessary aged appearance. Lead pencils No. larofrc quontly used instead of India ink to poncil tlio oyebrowe. Tho enamelling process, which originated in Franco, is vory rarely resorted to, on account of its baneful effeots. It gives tho face a ghost-like, wuxy look, and ia far from being beautiful. It is a perfect art, though, and frequently very old actreBses onn build a new and youthful faco for tho stage with enamel. Used to a groat oxtont it fills the pores of tho skin and poisons tho muscular glands, producing disease Some of tho great and successful actresses, however, have out fits that a harem of Oriental women might onvy. T° enumerate a fow of tho articles: Glycerine, India ink, powders, carmine, lead pencil, sponge, powder- puffs, crimps, frizzes, chamois skin, puffs, b aids, hairpins, picco of steel for short curls, tooth-paste, bay rum, Florida water, nail-brush, twoezora for pulling out gray hairs, cardamom seed, dyes, aromatic pills for tho breath, invigorators, shoot of zino fnr mii'liTifr 1»nii». t.tvn lmnd «rlflflflnH. boaidoa other artioles. Tho effept of lonsr years of painting a face is quito visible and noticeable , by the generally dead appearance of the skin. 1 vrould advise every actor and aotress to pay a great deal of attention to sorubbing their faces after tho performance. They do wash, the paint off, but oftentimes, being in a hurry, thoy do not wnsh hard enough. Thore is nn art in ' making up ' as woll as in noting.'— . New York Mail and Express. 