LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday. Sept. 20. At half-past 1 o'clock the Clerk announced that the Speaker was unable through illness to take the chair, and the Chairman of Committees took the chair as Deputy Speaker. A NEW COUPLING. In reply to Mr. On'icwi, Mr, G IL Lil- said the Railway Commissioners had had models of sell acting arrive couplings submitted to them, but they were not prepared to recommend their adoption The question of adopting a self-acting coupling, him for some time been receiv- ing the attention of railway companies generally, but up to the present time practical difficult ties and prevented a definite conclusion as to which, li not), to adopt the: saloon swamp. Joseph) To Mr III of, Mr. DOW said that he had under consideration a proposal to fill up the Elwood Swamp with silk supplied by idle dim hour Trust, and hoped to be at a premium to call for tenders shortly SCHOOL OF 10I!I_TI!V. In reply to Mr liussm, Mr. DOW said that at present there were four students of forestry at Mount Macedon. Their time was priuciiiallirdevoted lo nursery wing; and acquiring the rudiments of a knowledge of forest culture. The lads had to cut firewood for their quarters, and copy that a mailbag to and from the post-office Mr. Ferguson, inspector of state forests, was the princpal instructor, and he was authorised to employ a practical gardener to assist. The books used were the best that could be procured for beginners. ALTERATIONS TO HOTELS. In reply to Mr. Anderson (Creswick), Mr- DEAKIN said that there were about 800 hotels in the colony that had not been altered as required by the Licensing Act, and that would be affected by the vote of the House to extend the time for such alterations That number included the houses in course of alteration. MINING BOARDS. In reply to Mr. Gordon, Mr GILLIES said he did not see his way at present to favourably) consider any pro- posed for giving extended powers to mining boards, nor was he prepared to consent to the repeal of the Mining Statute 1865, in so far as it related to mining boards. for some years past there had been a feeling in a considerable portion of the goldfields that it might be better in the interests of mining in the mining bands were abolished His own opinion was that for some purposes the boards were very useful, and did good work, but for other purposes they were not However, he did not intend to propose an) altera- tion of the law this session. VACCINATION PROSECUTIONS. In reply to Mr. L L. Smith, Mr. DEAKIN said that in view of the recent decision of the Supreme Court he had considered the propriety of returning the Times which had been imposed in similar cases, and although he was informed that all the cases were not exactly on all fours with the case which was the subject of the recent appeal, he, nevertheless, thought the Government might reasonably return the fines NEWMARKET RAILWAY SIDING. In reply to Mr. McLean, Mr. GILLIES said that a sum had been placed on the estimates of the Railway department for the purpose of constructing a railway siding at Newmarket for the convenience of persons bringing stock for sale in Melbourne. It would be his duty to submit the proposal to the Legislative Assembly for consideration, and it it were agreed to then to bring in a bill to authorise the construction of the siding. PRIMARY EDUCATION IN VICTORIA AND NEW SOUTH WALES. In reply to Mr. Gosden, Mr. PEARSON said he had carefully read the report of the assistant inspector general on primary education in New South Wales, as compared with the state school system of this colony. The question, which was rather a big one, would receive his most careful consideration, but he saw no reason whatever for adopting the suggestion of the hon. member, viz-., that in view of Mr. Brodribb's report he should withdraw the Education Law Amendment Bill, until the whole system of primary education in Victoria could be ex- haustively inquired into. On the contrary, he thought the House ought, in view of that report, to pass the hill as soon as possible. THE LICENSING BILL. In reply to Mr. Gaunson, Mr. DEAKIN said that the Licensing Act Amendment Bill would be introduced before the expiry of the notices to make structural alterations of hotels under clause 16 of the Licensing Act, so that the House would have an opportunity of dealing with the question before the alterations had to be made. Mr. GaUNSON.-To my knowledge that is not a fact. Mr. DEAKIN.-It has been so reported to me. Mr. GAUNSON Then it's a false report. THE FOOTSCRAY SHOOTING CASE. Mr. W. M CLARK asked the Minister of Education it he would take steps to put a stop to the indiscriminate use of cadets' rifles, in view of the accident at Footscray last Friday evening. Boys of 12 years of age were allowed to purchase 100 rounds of ball cartridge at 2s. 6d. per 100 They ought not be allowed to take away ball cartridge after the practice. Mr. GAUNSON. In the boy on his trial ? Mr. W. M. CLARK.-No , he is not Mr. PEARSON said the Education department were not responsible for the cadet corps. They offered every possible facility), as the House had desired, to a give a military training to a. certain number of the lads attending the state schools. The details of their training were in the hands of the Defence department, under officers who understood that kind of work, which the Education department did not pretend to do. The matter alluded to by the hon. member r as one of importance, and he would call the attention of the Minister of Defence to it, with a view to the framing of regulations, it necessary). to prevent accidents with cadets' rises at far as possible. PETITION. Mr. BAKER presented a petition from the inhabitants of Lake baker district praying or the restoration of Luke Baker to the Swan hill Water Trust. A PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr JL L. SMITH said he desired, with the permission of the Home to make a personal explanation. The other day he stated in the House time Mr. Akehurst, the president of the Central Board of Health, had said that he would take steps to have inserted in the Public Health Bill provisions which would stop Mr. Graham Mitchell from vaccinating children. He had since ascertained that it was Mr. Sutherland, the Crown Solicitor, who said it, and not Mr. Akehurst, and he felt it his duty to the president of the Central Board of Health to make that explanation. DRAINAGE OF SEBASTOPOL PLATEAU. In reply to Colonel Sims, Mr. GILLIES said that he was not in a position to fix a day for the consideration of the report of the Select Committee on the Drainage of the Sebastopol Plateau and Durham Lead in view of the large amount of important business on the notice paper, but he would be very glad to give the House an opportunity of considering the report as soon as possible. MESSAGES. A message was received from His Excel- lent the Governor recommending that an appropriation be made from the consolidated revenue for the purposes of a bill to provide for the payment into the consolidated revenue of money under the control of the master in equity which have remained un- claimed for a period of six years. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor recommending that an appropriation he made out of fees and penalties for the purposes of a bill to amend the Licensing Act 1885 PAPERS. The following papers were ordered to he on the table First report of the Printing Committee ; report of the Royal Commission on the extension of the city westward ; first report of the chief Inspector of factories, workrooms, and shops from March 1 to December ill, ISSU ; report of the Post- Union and Telegraph department for the year ISSUe THE SPEAKER'S GRANT BILL. Mr. GILLIES moved that the Deputy Speaker leave the chair, and that the House go into committee to consider a message from His Excellency the Governor recommending an appropriation from the consolidated revenue for the purposes of the Hon. Peter Lalor's Grant Bill, Mr. HOSImIO said he would like to know what was the position of hon. members in regard to the matter. Many hon. members had expressed themselves in favour of granting the Speaker leave of absence. Now, it appeared that proposal was to be set aside, and hon. members were to be called upon to consider the amount of money to be given to the Speaker on his retirement from office He thought they should, have been allowed to have some discussion on the matter of leave of absence at the Hume time as the Government proposal. (Cheers He wished to inquire whether hon. members would be in order in dist cussing the question of leave of absence after the Premier had brought forward the message of His Excellency the Governor and passed it in committee, because, if not, the subject would have to be discussed beforehand. What he desired was to consult the feelings of the Speaker as much as possible, and, at the same time, to uphold the views hon. members entertained Mr. GILLll'.S-lion, members will be afforded an opportunity for the fullest possible discussion in committee of the whole House. Mr. ISURROV) ES asked whether that was the time for those who desired to give the Speaker leave of absence on full pay to announce their intention ' II the motion before the House were carried, would then be prevented from moving the amendment embodying their views in committee Mr. GILLIES -You can move they intend incul. Mr. BURROWES said that hon. members did not wish to be entrapped While he was anxious to deal finally with the Speaker, he thought the time had not arrived when the Speaker should retire from the position be outlined II The House gave the Speaker leave of absence for me or this month, they could, if they thought necessary afterwards, made) arrangements for his retirement In this win the colony) might be saved a large expense Mr. GILLIES-'Hie motion now submitted is that the message of the Governor he taken into consideration in committee of the whole House When the committee sits I propose to submit a substantive resolution Mr GAUNSON - that is not the motion Mr GILLIES - The present motion is that the Speaker do leave the chair. In committee of the whole House hon. members will in questioners) have an opportunity afforded them of expressing their opinion and of the vine an amendment My intention is to submit in committee of the whole House a resolution, in 1 on that resolution hon. members can any what the) like and move any amendment. Mr ULM! said he desired that in dealing with this question hon. members should be perfectly true If the House went into committee the Government would submit a substantive resolution and then those hon. members who sit on the Government side would be influenced by the obligation they were under to support the Government It no one else would do it he would move an amendment that leave of absence beginning d to the Speaker Would such an amendment be in order. The DI PU I i SIT A K It said that the amendment would be murder Mr M LI AN asked the leader of the Opposition to consider whether it would be good taste on the part of Parliament to refuse to consider a message from His Excellency the Governor The merits of the question could be fully discussed in committee Mr MUNRO thought that some hon. members misunderstood the position A message had come down from His Excellency the Governor recommending a certain negro priHtiou of money The motion was that the Speaker leave the chair in order that the House might to into committee to deal with that question If an amendment were moved on that the Government and all supporting the Government would be bound to oppose it because it was their duty to see that a message coming from the Governor received due consideration The question should be allowed to go into committee Mr GAUNSON said that the House was asked to go into committee to consider a resolution that would be submitted by the Premier If the Premier would read his last lutton hon. members could determine whether an amendment could be properly framed to it Mr BLM" said he had been informed that a large number of lion mern ben on the Government side were favourable to the view that leave of absence should be granted to the Spell er It they went into committee the question would be whether they should or should not allow the Speaker to retire on a money grant and he wished to get over the technical difficult There was a most kindly feeling towards the Speaker-(cheers)-but hon. members had a duty to perform Persons holding high positions were always granted aid leave before they were allowed to retire The Speaker was sick and in view of his long services hon. members should not be any hurry to take off his robes The Government proposed to say to the Speaker, Here is a sum of money for you, clear out. The House but will allow the Speaker to retain the honourable position be filled as long as he possibly could If, after leave of absence were granted to the Speaker it was found that he did not regain his health then the House would deal liberally with him in another way He would formally move That all the words after the word that be struck, out with, the idea of inserting the words give the hon the has taken leave of absence during the pleasure of the House. Mr. GAUNSON seconded the amendment Mr GILLIES -I desire first to say a few words with reference to the question of the best way of dealing with this matter whether as an amendment to soar leaving the chair to go into committee of the House or whether it would he more appropriate and more suitable to hon members to deal with the question in committee of the whole House These motions to go into committee of the whole House are intended to allow hon. members the fullest possible latitude in discussing questions of this kind and when a message from the Governor was brought down the other day the I House ordered that it be taken into consideration in the committee of the whole house this day Why any hon. members should think that there was a better opportunity of discussing this question by interposing with an amendment now I do not understand A much greater latitude is given to hon. members in committee than they possibly can hate in the House An hon. member may have spoken once and may Drill that he has not made himself per feedy clear In committee he how the opportunity of speaking a second or third time it necessary lhelullestpossibleopportunitywill be given to hon members to discuss this question I think it is the opinion of all hon. members that it would bcamiltT of deep regret it the House was prepared to adopt any course without the most full consideration, or if, indeed, the House was in duced b), say, a small majority to adopt any one of two or three courses. 1 but would be a great mistake On a question of tins I md if it be possible the House ought to be minimums His House in matters of this kind is always generous and I believe that the House is prepared to do justice to the position which the Speaker occupies I would rather not say a word on the general question of leave of absence, if we could have an opportunity of discussing this question in committee because I feel satisfied that the House will arrive at a conclusion Ki do that for the Speaker which is best in the Spe- der's interest and that will most effectually) conduce to Ina speed) recover I read the other evening some letters to the House indicating first the opinion of the Speaker himself and then the view of his medical advts as It will he in the recollection of the House that a few evenings previously to that 1 iv is specially requested by hon members to see Mr Speaker, with the view of ascertaining what the desire was I informed the House the other evening by reading Mr. Speker a letters what his desire was and now the question of leave of his sence was again raised Why In the House insists that whatever the desire of the Speaker may be, and whatever the condition of his health may be, they will not allow him to retire I can understand that view but for an) hon. member to profess that he is anxious to do that for the speaker which his health requires and which in his interests is sought, and at the alarm time to decline to do it, appears to be an inconsistency The proposal to grant the Speaker leave of absence will not meet the case at all, unless hon. members are prepared to say that the Speaker is in error and that his medical refiners are wrong bolton number will any that corn cure that some hon members have thought that the opinion expressed by Mr 1 minerals is not the same as that expressed by Dr W Williams that has come to the ears of Mr 1 Herald find he had sent to Mr Lalor the following letter - Lonsdale-street west Melbourne. lion I 1 alor Hear Mr 1 alor -ne good enough to distinctly lllidoiataud that it is absolutely necessary that Oil should at once retire permit end) from a public duties 1 write to you thus In consequence of 1 having, heard that a ) former letter was misunderstood Believe uni yours truly, T tv I chairman ' Sept 20 15s" This question is contained in very small compass and it will be decided in the judgment of any hon. member Does Mr Speaker desire permanent!) to retire from his posi- tion' Du who desire that because it gives him the only hope, according to the opinion of his medical advisers, of regaining his health' Or are we to say to him after I have been commissioned In the House to ascertain his views that he shall not be permitted to retire but that if he likes to ac ocptJiave of absence he may) do so" Mr BURROW S - That is not it, Mr GILLIES S- That is the amendment submitted by the hon. member (Ulcers.) let us have no mourners making about it The leader of the Opposition prefers that we shall say to the Speaker on can have leave if it does you cased, oil right at it does not do you teeth we cannot help it In view of the deliberate statement of Mr Speaker in his own letter that he desires pertain not) to be relieved that he considers it would not be right of him to occupy the position of Speaker for any length of time is Finally it . performing duties and further in view of the evidence of the medical men which in as clear as the ] english language can be that it is indispensably necessary) in the Spell trs own interest that he should ertiianelilly return In an Ins pool lion it he is to li give any chance of le over) from his diseased disease which is of such a character that anything that will in the slightest decree illicit his thoughts and his chances of rest will rule at the probe! duties of his recovery I rationing in its Liberals) should allow him to retirement sin and r rooms his valuable services by making him a grant of money) It has murders mien I to do service to Mr S maker, then they can come to no (other conclusion than that they are bound to ace at the wish of Mr. Speaker intime!! and to set up in the a musical 1 it on at his n tarnish me it is advisers (Hear hear ). It is) hon members are in line 1 I > si) Unit the) don't letter in the hundred certificates for in the t put in ( t either Mr 1 it gerald of Dr Williams tin t I I lit thing they would Ik justified in saving, s (Hear hear; I the is sure li on him at ml if in this House who will say that he d is mt believe in an honest expansion of opium given by those two lie He is gentlemen Nothing could be clearer than (he e plan in which they have jrtHrtuI uni I say that he let the House him authorising me to communicate with the 'speaker an 1 after the Speaker has written that li Tier tin lins roe local advisers have reported so strongly in favour of his retirement from office it we are prepared to say anything, for the interests of the Speak or us all we should do it in the way which the Speaker himself believes will be best in the interests of his own health and not in the interests perhaps of view uiliridualB (L beers ) Mr PA 111 1 ON said it was satisfactory to have this matter placed hurl) before the House. The consideration of the message from the Governor was a totally distinct matter to the question raised in this amendment. The Premier had refined the matter down to a point upon which hon. members could clearly) understand each other. The question was which was the best thing for the Seed ei Would the Premier venture to tell the House that to Live the Speak evil 000and depose him from his position in the House was an) limit, life so satisfactory as to keep him the e at the present salary and allow him to come back after an interval of rest as Speak er and member with all his honours thick upon him' (Hear, hear) Was there any comparison between the two propost tions 2 A vote of 4000 meant a miserable income of i2.0 )cnr lheanxietyof certain hon. members to press the Speaker out of his position and the ss riding for doctors < audiences and all the rest of it sur ] missed anything in the matter of taste that he had seen since be became a murder of the House. It was said that the present Speaker was a party appoint a ment but he was proposed by the hon. member for Dundas and seconded by him self (Mr Patterson) and they sat on opposite sides of the House. He was not a party Sped er and had filled that office excellent!) because he possessed firmness, judgment and knowledge (Hear, hear.) It was to be hoped that when the question of his successor cattle to be considered those qualities would be taken into consideration for his own part, he (Mr Patterson) is claimed any desire for the position 11 ough the office was one of which any man might be proud it was not one he would care about seeking and inter 17 J cars Parliamentary) experience he would hesitate before taking it Mr GAUNSON- Hear, hear After 17 years Mr PATERSON Yen, for after 17 years he tell himself very much unfit to fill any such honourable position During the past 12 months proceedings had been going on with respect to the speeches that were anything but dignified and the two matters had been linked together in such a way that they could not be separated There had been altogether more consideration shown for the successor of the Speaker than care for the health and circumstances of the Speaker himself Speaking as one of Mr Lalor's friends he believed it to be minutely better to give that gentleman leave of absence than to vote him a miserable sum of 4000 They might set quite aside the miserable statement that it would be un- possible to carry on the business of the House unless some one who had tremendous power were placed in me chair. The House was not a bear garden that it should require such control "the question was being properly discussed on an amendment instead of upon the proposal for a vote On that question hon. members would have to say) ) ea or na) whilst those members who believed that it was better for the Speaker himself that he should continue in that position and enjoy a liberal leave of absence could speak and vote freely on the present amendment It was to be hoped the House would do the most generous thing in this matter for it did appear a shame to depose and force the Speaker from his position (Cries of "No no, and Shame ) The Speaker did not say in his letter that he desired to vacate the chair. Mr. GILLies Certainly, he did Mr PA11LÜSON-What the Speaker said was that it would not be due to the House for him to retain his position, which was a very different thing It hon. members thought it a proper thing to do he (the Speaker) was prepared to do it That was just what any proper minded man would say, but if the House thought different., and that the Speaker should have leave of absence on full pay), unquestionably it would be accepted Did hon. members believe for a moment that the Speaker would not accept leave of absence ' Would he not otherwise have sent in his resignation (Hear, hear ) Mr M'IMiKL- Yes, that a the proof Mr PA PI WILSON- to discuss this grant before any such resignation was received was utterly unparliamentary) No precedent could be found any where for such an action li it were found necessary to grant a sum of money to the Speaker, even after leave of absence, the House would not hesitate to do that (Hear, hear.) He trusted that the amendment would be carried Mr MUNRO and the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr Patterson) had shown him sell to be somewhat inconsistent, for on it previous occasion he opposed the mi pig or retiring allowances altogether It an officer occupying the very humblest positions were to say, My health is so bad that I cannot retain my position and I am not asking for leave of absence, but I wish to entirely willi draw from a) position, no one would dream of saying to him, You rniiBtnoc due up the position, butwcwillgiveyou leave of absence. He (Mr. Munro) had seen the Speaker him self though not during the last week, and he then said distinctly that he was satisfied that unless he was absolutely re- lived from office he could not return his health (Hear, hear ) Under those circumstances, he was not going to thrust on the S) taker that which he did not ask for, and which would not secure for him better health (Hear, hear ) It was stated by the hon. member for Castlemaine (Mr Patterson) that there was a conspiracy to thrust the Speaker out of office in order to put someone else in his place His (Mr Munros) own name had been mentioned, but he was not a candidate for the office 1 for various reasons it did not consider himself it to the office in regard to the position of the Speaker there should be no hypocrisy in the matter If hon. members objected to a retiring allow ance bane given to the Speaker they should say so Let there be no misunderstanding about it (Hear, hear) 'The mere offering the hon. gentleman something else which he did not ask tor had nothing at all to do with the question I [lie naked to retire then let the house he generous towards him but in giving leave of absence they would be young him something he did not want- his endeavour to force leave of absence being granted was simply) an insult to the Speaker (Hear, hear 1 the Speaker would not be punished with leave of absence, and he did not ask for it, He trusted the hon. member for Brighton would withdraw his amendment and allow the House to go into committee uni enable them to deal effectively with the question (Hear, hear.) Mr. Miles lREBiiditwasutterl) fallacious to say that the Sj cutter was thoroughly competent to judge his own cone Possibly the pressure brought to bear (Cries or No im-, and shame') A man did not at xvii) s see a hint was best for himself Anyone listening to the remarks of the Premier could have come to but one conclusion and that was that the Speaker should resign his position before the House went a step further in discussing the question (Hear, hear What was the meaning of the holding back' They were asked to give LI LOG to a gentleman who was still occupy ing his office, and might continue to do so ( No no ) It was distinctly declared that the best thing the Speaker could do was to retire, and why was that not done ' In the absence of such a resignation hon. members were thoroughly justified in proposing to give the Speaker leave of absence Did anyone think for a moment that giving the Speaker leave of absence on LI oDO it year was not a better paluma for his complaint than to give him to pull) lump sum of 14 000, There would be nothing to hinder the House from afterwards given, him their 000 as well, and they might t even be disposed to go beyond that amount. He would be quite prepared to go before the country on the proposal to grant the Speaker leave of absence. But there w of something curiously wrong in the whole matter The Governmentwetouuitedl) deter mined to force is of speaker out of the House (Cries of No no ) They were determined by every possible means, to force the Speaker out of the House Unas desire on the one hand to give the Speaker leave of absence and 11 500 bear the Government said, No but -shall not get a shilling" till it is b ]Ui'c/.e out of the House And 1111)' Ik mist, they had one of their own members to occupy the position I he House would not tolerate any man being able to buy himself' into the position occupied by the Speak her Tiny gave the hon member referred to etc nt for the explicit) which had enable 1 him 11 become a millionaire, but protested against the attempt to force him bell Ulto the chair (1 uproar, and cries of Chair and Shame ) Mr CilLLIl S-Dials scandalous Mr M IM 1 K-I say that this Government are doing" till the possibly) can to press to a speaker out in the chair and mallows) -. (trisol Shunt ) I There's no need to cry should tal the Premier it it is not true that it is the intention of the Government t > run one of themselves for the position (lips mr ) Mr A Mil ISON (\illie.«)-_ dam!, us another mufti r altogether Mr M IN I i lil -the country) will not submit to such a reseeding No matter how we in th) a man met) U thecounti) will not p grant him 100) a i position Mr ST lUll ION rose) order Ide re nmrliHOt the hon. member were an insult to the House (Hear hear The DE II I . S| I AM 11-1 must iiHk line at ml era to confine themselves article) to I The question before the li his Mr MINJiKI -It was an undesirable clement to bring into politics the money I swear to gain certain positions, and struck at the root of freedom and liberty 'to the Government had not in their mind a candidate for the Speak ership they would have found no difficulty in granting leave of absence to the present Speaker If this were done the hon. member in question would still have an opportunity of showing his lit news for the other It leave of absence were now given to the Speak or he himself would in the end be thoroughly satisfied and there would be in this, in such a step contrary to the injunctions of his medical! advisers Mr ANDERSON (Villiers) felt that it was unnecessary) for hon. members to speak with such warmth because the subject was not a part) question but I am after they ought to be appro idled calm!) unddispibsiiinntel) hon. members appeared 1 to forget the Speakers character (Cheers) The. Speaker was a man who would not subset use his name to anything which he did not endorse and therefore he would not ask to be relieved of the duties of his position unless he was satis- lied that it was imperatively necessary he should retire (Cheers ) A reference had been made to the our at a 220 per annum which the grant would yield but it he continued in his office he would gain a clear 11 2 0 during the year Mr M'I\ 1} lir -£1 SOO Mr AN DI KNOW (Villiers) -to the differ- once between his solar) of 11 iiOO and £2 Owns the amount he had named hon. members would therefore see that it would be a clear advantage to the Speaker to retain the position but, despite that fact he emphatically asked to be relieved of his position His request also, was backed up by the testimony of two medical men who certainly had some honour at stake In addition the hon. member for Geelong (Mr Munro) had had a conversation with the speaker, when he said that he decidedly wished to be released from his work, while only that day he (Mr Anderson) had gathered from a conversation with him that leave of absence would not meet his wishes, and that it was imperative he should resign his post as Speak of Mr. M INli RI" -He will be relieved Mr ANDERSON (\ilhers)-But there would always be the responsibility) Mr MINlzRl1 -Ib be responsible now, when the Deputy Speaker is in the chair' Mr ANDI anSON (A others) - The Speaker was always the responsible officer so long as he held his position hon. members had forgotten themselves when they begun to impute motives (Cheers) The Premier at the request of the House had interviewed the Speaker, and had reported that he desired to be relieved entirely of his duties. It was now proposed to allow a grant to enable him to retire The question should therefore be discussed without imputing" motives. It was general) tricksters who resorted to such an expedient A great deal had been sold about touting but be for one, and others who sat with him on the corner had never been on pro veiled he did not know anything about an) outing or of an) un remand procedure in connection with the future Speaker Mr GAUNSON would like to know whether it had been put to the Speaker that the House was prepared to give him leave of absence till the end of the present year and that if by that time he was not in a position to resume work the House would grant him £1,000 The matter had never been put to him in that shape nor had he ever refused such on offer Was there no possibility of recovery' The money was provided for whoever occupied the chair, and it might happen that the Speaker might return restored to health If however, he felt next year that he could not again take the post, then provision could be made for him in the form of a grant How was it to be known that this 14 000 would reach him as a lump sum, and that a portion of it might not be taken by certain tweedy bankers '' During his absence there would be ft chance in testing the suitability of any particular member to Till the chair If a tool were placed there it would suit him (Mr Gaunson) and there seemed to be every possibility that such a person would be selected Why was the Deputy Chairman to be passed by Was it because of his want of knowledge of Paris mentary practice and law' as it was simply because he had not a sufficiently long pocket to entertain It that was the plea then a higher stipend should be attached to the position If after leave of absence the Speaker found he could not return to his duties he could be given a grant, not because of the way he had If I le (I the Chair, but because of the eminent service he had rendered the country, the more especially in connection with the Eureka Stockade affair The Opposition were proceeding in a perfectly constitutional way because the amendment could not have been put it the House had gone into committee 1 we men in the House were eminently fitted to fill the Chair-the Premier and the leader of the Opposition However, they were not candidates, but certain names had been mentioned One hon member was to get the position because he had the means to entertain What other qualification did he possess' The fact was the Speaker should receive £2 jOO a year The right man could then be selected, and he would be in a position to entertain people. It was most undesirable that all this intriguing should be permitted because it made our Parliamentary system stink positively literally and substantially in the nostrils of all decent minded 1 persons The hon. member for bers and Heytesbury (Mr Anderson) knew in his mind that touting had been going on to secure the seat for a member of the Government. A bails ing account was about the best doctor a man could have and it some arrangement could be made whereby the Speaker could be relieved of his duties to the end of the present Parliament and granted a sum of money, it would be quite possible that a restoration to health would be attained It was impossible in dealing with this subject to refrain from referring to the question as to who was to occupy the position of Speaker in the future The hon. member for Creswick (Mr Cooper) had been Chairman of Committees for five years, and during that time his conduct in the chair had never been seriously challenged The position was one requiring good physique, good temper tact and knowledge of the laws of Parliament. Nevertheless the fact was published in the Government journals that a gentleman who had only been a member of the House for five years, and who occupied the unconstitutional position of holding a portfolio without office, was likely to betheCovcriinientiioniuiee the deputy Speaker really ought to have been ill and al sent from the House, so that members might have had fair opportunity of dis- rubbish,; his position and that of the Govern at the nominee Members had not been told that when the House was relieved from the imperious hand of an imperial master who ruled with a rod of iron the deputy Speaker could not control the House by a sway of gentleness The House was not told that the deputy Speaker was unfit for the position, not yet was it told that the Government nominee was fit for it the Government nominee had been a must successful land speculation round it had been said that one of his qualifications was that he would be able to give entertainments If this, however, were looked upon us iv qualification for the Speakership, the result would be that men of brains uni sterling ability would have none of the prizes of public life open to them Such a doctrine as this was dishonest and degrading to the Assembly If members thought entertainments were desirable let the Speak or receive an extra 11 000 a year for that he ellie purpose, and if he failed to entertain let him be run out of the ch or for if (Lang it r ) Members were being purchased through their stomachs and the Ministry were about to perpetrate the most disreputable job that had ever scandal ned the annuls of the colony (Laughter ) The public interest required that there should be no dirty underhand work but the Government were seeking to perpetrate a mean, detestable, and disreputable job they wanted to thrust the Speaker out of the choir and substitute a gentleman of whose abilities the House know nothing The 1 house and the country would 1 surely rebel against such a pr< pus in a hut justification had the supporters of the Government on this question for depriving the Chairman of Committees of his chance of the Speaker ship Could they say that the hon. gentleman was not fit for the position that he had no either the 1 nowie Age of parliiuneiitur) law, the feet or the courage required Answer the veterans of the House to be passed over-the men who had served the court for a quarter of a iciitur)-tor a young gentleman who had been only two years in Parliament and had made out) all but two speeches'' Mr /0\ -Ile s all the better for that Mr G WJNSOV said that he did not agree with the hon. member for East Melbourne on that point the House had had no oppor detail) of judging as to the illness of the t Government candidate for the Speakership The action of the Government in chemistry was utterly discreditable-nut i isitnel) dangerous to the corridor of the House (Hear hear) Mr 1 just 1 L regretted. that so much time had been B| cut in discussing who was to be the successor to the Speaker and he was Burr) thclendirof the 0 position had pro pt send his amendment especially at the time Mr 114 M - It could not be done at any other time Mr Bl SSI 11, said a few members on the C of eminent, side of tin is nine contemplated such an aim n street and had it prep ne I Mr GAUNSON- Why didn't you move it, then Mr 1 UoSl LL -Because it was not the time Mr lil'Ni-I ney or spoke to a soul in the House with regard to the amendment, and it was only when the Speaker was about to put the question that 1 moved the amendment. I was quite willing to let anybody else do it Mr RUSS. ALL said that he had the asBtir ance of the Premier and the Speaker that it would be eligible for any gentleman to move an amendment in committee and on that tie i mind he (Mr Russell) refrained from mov- tug the amendment be had prepared in favour of giving leave of absence to the St eal er for the rest of the present ses be in and for the next session it the hon. gentleman desired To make a grant of £1,000 U the Speaker would be-he would) not so) discreditable to the horse but it would certainly be the most unpopular vote that ever the House gave (Hear hear) They they did not want to be cruel to the Speaker The want to deal km fly with him but it was a strange thing that after the Speaker had been in an official position for something bite 20 is firm and drawing the exceedingly large salary all the time the House should be asked to give him 14 000 (Hear hear) The hon. member for Geelong (Mr Munro) seemed to think that unless other lion at mbers thought as he did they were all come, to the devil ( Oh oh and laughter ) The hon. member should have a little more generosity) same path) "ml respect I r the opinions of others. (Hear, hear.) It was a strange thing too that when a gentleman on the Government side of the House was nominated for the position of speaker hon. members in Oppose tion said there must be some intrigue whereas on the other side of the House it was considered quite honourable to advocate the claims of a certain gentleman on the Opposition side of the House There had been no intrigue and everything had been fair and above board No Minister had asked him to support the hon. member for St Kilda (Mr M H Davies) in his candid dutureiortheSpcakership Other hon members had asked him what he intended doing, but he had not disclosed his intentions It however the hon member for St. Kilda were appointed Speaker he would do no discredit to the House not to himself Mr GAUNSON -W What do you say if we were to elect Mr Bent '! Mr RUSSELL.-Is that the hon members proposition ' Mr GAUNSON Don't you think it a good one' Mr RUSSELL-No There were many hon. members who were supporting the Government who would be placed in an awkward predicament if they were not permitted to vote on the amendment, the present acharnent had 18 months to run and would it be unkind or cruel to note the Speaker leave of absence for that period ' It would not. The Speaker would receive a 250 in salary), and if he set aside £1,000 he could Ino for two years at the rate of 312 a week It the Speakers health were not restored in that time then there was something of a more serious nature wrong, with him than he (Mr Russell) imagined If he were compelled to vote on the motion that 11 000 be granted to the Speaker he would move an amendment that the sum be reduce I perhaps b) one half the House should do that which was fair and equitable there should be a little more prudence among our public men It the House gave the Speaker £1000 it was doubtful whether at the end of four years he would have one penny, of it. He knew what public men were in these days of speculation it was dangerous for some public men to have large sums of mond (I daughter ) He did not say that with respect to the Speak or unkindly) W little the House had to consider the wish of the Speak er it had also to consider the will of the country (Hear hear) The House should not allow the idea to be entertained that li men attained to certain positions they would have a right and title to certain interest in the colony It LI SOO was not enough to maintain the honour and dignity of the chair, let it be increased , but let the House decide that it should not continue to grant these money votes It was asked if the House gave the Speaker leave of absence what would be the result ' Let events develop themselves, and then the House could deal with them He would be prepared to accept the responsibility of the vote he proposed to give and he would be able at all events to show that he was humane Mr A 1 CL MUIR said that in the discussion which had taken place hon. members had attacked not the Spe- iker but the gentleman who was to take his place. No one living had I spoken to him about the successor to Mr Lalor and that question should not be raised as it was not before the House The Speak er was a man of great ability and firmness and had distinguished himself in the chair. In addition to this the colony was indebted to Mr Lalor for the free constitution which it possessed Had it not been for the stand Mr Lalor took at a critical period in the history of the colony, we should not have had the privileges we now enjoyed the hon. member for Ballarat Post (Mr Russell) was actuated not by the fact that it was proposed to give a money grant to Mr Lalor, but by a sectarian in tluence Mr RUSSELL-No Mr A 1 CI ARK the position Mr Lalor had occupied the fact that he had saved the constitution of the colony, and the services he had rendered to the public had all been lost sight of in the consideration of the paltry traditions of the system known as Orangeism that ought to be stamped out like the Cape weed Mr RUSSELL-No Mr A I CLARK no saw it in every word the hon member uttered The only fault he had to find with the Government was that they had not asked for a vote of 110 000 for the Speaker It they had done so he would have supported them, for no man deserved greater consideration than the Speaker did Mr BAKER regretted that the lion meet her for Williamstown (Mr A I Clark) had referred to any sectarian influence. The hon. member would not have done so if he had been better acquainted with the subject if the Speaker were granted leave of absence for 18 months he would in the event of a dissolution of Parliament, have to remain within the precincts of Parliament and might have to perform his duties. At the end of that time his health might be in such a condition that he must be an able to contest anolhcrclectioii, and politic ill), he would die natural death the speaker would prefer the grant of £4 COO Mr GAUNSON -Can you say that Mr I Lalor says this ( Mr M .Kris.-ile assumed that the Speaker said it from the Speakers standpoint 11000 would he more profitable to him than leave of absence In committee the hon. member for Uralla ton could if he desired move that the sum be reduced hon. members appeared to be cavilling over a very sad ill limited and it was a pity that matters of a personal character should have been imported into the discussion at all As a member of that House he was bound to believe the statement brought down by the Ministry for w at the) reported regarding the Speaker were untrue they were the biggest set of scoundrels out of Pentridge He was compelled, also to believe that the Speaker consulted ina You in interests in choosing to take LI 000 rather than have leave of absence The. matter was not one of a pension but he belli veil it was pro posed by the bill that the vote should he vested in trustees for the benefit 11 Mr Lalor (Laughter and No no ) labor member for Brighton should withdraw his amendment and let the House get into come under Mr W RIGHT looked at Uhr matter from various ]t nits (I view but there was one aspect of it not) yet looked at which seems to be worth of e consideration He was in church to vote for the leave of absence but the House might adopt the proposal of the Government in the first land Something had been said about the difficulty at getting at the Speaker's real sentiments on account of his financial affairs but it the House were to pass the vote of money and thus allow the S end er to choose his own time for letter ing it would I then give him free scope for his ownjulgiu.nl It he then chose to resign it would be of his own free will He would at any rate be able to take his own time an I not have the fear that might be on him now that it he did not take this competes in a now he might not get it not untimely time li an act therefore were passed I providing that a certain sum of money should be paid to the Spe- in at the time he ceased to hold that office the House might auld) leave in his ( so than is the time of resignation and "give him leave at absence if he would accept it As to the sum of money he was anxious to give the Speaker as much as possible the word I like to see him given a pension for the term 11 his natural has but persons did not at par to five sugar mills hon members As cor ling to the hon member for the Wind merit (Mr Riley) the proposed bill would make rough it for the investment in the sum of money) vott 1 to th s> t her 1 hat with a "xkI pr( His bed film the Spe ii ii, with in m) good p ii to night in the a good for incur ItwiHien much to) be regretted that mt) thing b 11 been set 1 about secLirinn uff Urs nie sincerity in with this matter they should I be as I am as possible, I kept out of that House (Hear hear) At the u one time it need hardly be said that Oruue inch opies 1 til v itt because the le tiling Orangeman on the Opposition benches but up ken strongly in favour of the Speaker Mr I AKI is said that on previous occasions when the matter was before the lit list him at inform had no in the min far as the Speaker in to how he dean 1 To Fire ited uni tin refute he (Mr I mains) was unable to state his views either one wit) i r the other He had never yet seen any amendment of the kind now submitted on the no tion that the Speaker leave the chair when that motion came from the Government. The question was not likely to be dealt with on its proper merits in such a way The proper course would have been to go into committee, where any hon. member could propose any amendment he chose Mr BURROWES-No Mr LAURbNS-lue Premier said that such would be the case No one had ventured to say that it was not correct that the Speaker desired to be relieved from that portion. Mr GAUNSON 1 say it is not correct Mr LARKINS The hon. member was quite at liberty to say so Every hon mem- ber who had just spoken had shown a desire V to deal fairly and generously with the Speaker If that were a genuine expression of feeling surely the outcome of these proceed ings could not be unfavourable or di trimental to the Speaker The remarks made as to the successor to the Speaker were quite out of place in this discussion The question was whether the House should go into committee to consider the Governor a message for his own part, he believed the statements of the medical gentlemen, and the statement that the Speaker himself desired to be relieved of office Believing that the statements of the Speaker himself, made through the Premier, and at the medical men were correct he was desirous of going into committe, in order that the question might be discussed in all its aspects Mr LANGRIDGE: said it was to be regretted that the discussion had taken place at all, inasmuch as it would be painful to the Speaker to read what had been unit! 'The hon member for Geelong (Mr Munro) had stated that the Speaker had informed film that he would be pleased in a sum of more (14,000) there placed on the I estimates for him But he (Mr Langridge) had also had a conversation with the Speaker, and the idea he gained of his wishes was that he would like leave of absence for the remainder of the Parliament. If at the end of that time the Speaker was unable to return to his duties, it would only be right, in view of the services he had rendered to the country, that a grant should be made to him if the House had the Authority of the Government for the statement that the Speaker refused to take leave of absence, members could have nothing further to say on the matter. It was not too late for the Government to state at once whether the Speaker declined to take leave of absence or not. If the question went to a division, he should vote for leave of absence being granted with the salary attached Mr WRIXON said the Premier had most emphatically and plainly stated that the Government had represented to the House the wishes of the Speaker 'The proposal before the House had been approved of by the Speaker himself The Speaker desired a grant such as that which the Government proposed to give, and he did not desire to take that leave of absence to which some hon. members had alluded Nothing surely could be clearer than this If further confirmation were needed, it might be found in the fact that the bill which would be introduced under the resolution of the committee was one prepared, not in the usual way, under his own direction, but by the legal adviser of the Speaker | himself (hear, hear-and it embodied the Speaker's views of the matter how members, of course, might decline to full in with these views, and might offer to the Speaker something he did not want, but in be doing they must not imagine they were conferring on him a height greater than that which he himself desired, or that they were meeting or carr) mg out his views Mr GAUNSON - Most does the Government offered him Mr W RIXON said it was as well to keep to the question before the House, which was that the Speaker leave the chair for the purpose of going into committee upon the message from the Governor It had also been moved that the Speaker be offered leave of absence, and any member who voted for this iiifiemlnient distinctly refused to the Speaker the proposal of the Government; Any member who voted against the proposal to go into committee on the grant also voted against the grant being made at all. It had been said that it was necessary to move the amendment now, because it could not have been moved at any other time , but that idea was perfectly incorrect It the House went into committee, it would be competent for um member to move an amendment to the resolution of the Government Mr. BI:NT- With all respect, it would not. Mr WRIXON -No affirmation on one side or contradiction on the other will alter the fact. It is a matter of fact that when you go into committee, and the Government propose a resolution, any hon. member can move as an amendment that leave of absence be granted to the Speaker Mr GAUNSON.-No, that is not correct practice Mr. W RIXON said that hon. members who voted against going into committee upon the proposal could not escape the responsibility of voting against giving the Speaker that for which he asked, and which his medical adviser said he ought to have. (Hear, hear, and "No, no') The Speaker had been told that if he wished to save his life he must have absolute relief li would be no relief to him to go away with the responsibility of office hanging over him. Such a step would not give him the rest and complete break from labour which he needed They had been told that it would be more agreeable to the Speaker to go away retaining his position, and that he would be able to clear more money when he returned, but that was not the way an honourable man would look at the matter 'Tim Speaker felt that he would leave the House to a certain extent rudderless, and such, as a matter of fact, would be the case. (' Oh, oh ). It had also been suggested that if a grant of money were made it would be swallowed up by someone else , but the bill provided that the bounty should go to the Speaker himself, so that hon. members need have! no difficulty in this respect Mr '/OK said the only pleasant outcome of the discussion had been the unanimous expression of opinion made by members as to the qualifications of the Speaker It would be pleasant for the Speaker to reflect on the high estimation in which he was held by every member of the House. The House had been informed that the Speaker desired to retire from the position he occupied Members might think they could do better for the Speaker by providing him leave of absence, and allowing noun-one to act in his stead, but that was a feature of the matter which ought not to present itself. It the Speaker had been) decided to retire, and they wished to benefit him they should respect his feelings and not us he desired, if they could do so He should support the most eminent proposal in the matter, but would reserve his right to express his opinions on the bill when it was introduced There were no prejudices in the matter. The religious element had been introduced in the discussion, but it ought not to have been. Every hon. member, no matter what denomination he belonged to, considered the Speaker had thoroughly done his duty, and no hon members looked at this question from a religious point of view. It a datum line were appointed for the Speaker, that would necessitate the appointment of a Chalrraiili of Committees. 'They) all knew the difficulties which a permanent Speaker or Chairman of Committees and to encounter In maintaining order, and a temporary Speaker or Chairman of Committees could not command the same amount of esteem and obedience as a permanent one could It the Speaker desired to retire, the best thing they could do would be to acquiesce in his doing so, and to appoint his successor He would treat the Speaker with the best liberally) he could they were all agreed he had been the best of Speakers, the) all sympathised with him, and they should all show their sympathy in tangible form. Mr DUll" said it was always painful to discuss personal matters or to listen to discussions on Hiern In one respect, however, the discussion that night must have been most pleasing to the hon. member who was the subject of it, because from all sides of the House there had been only one tribute of respect to his worth and merits as a Speaker. | All roads appeared to wish to treat the Speaker not only fairly but generously They desired to treat him as a political veteran of his shoulder and worth should be treated by a grateful nation, and the only difficulty 6 is as to which was the best way to treat him 'There were two schemes of dealing with the question before the House the Government for some hon members suit the best way was to give the speaker of lump sum of 6000, wide other hon members thought the best way) would be to give him leave of absence and full pay for the remainder of the session, or during the confine men of lim Pal Laine hit. What objections could there be to the proposal to have a 1 absence Some hon members lime said that the Spiiikcrus an honourable man would object to represent n iiinauiiieiicy and his absent from the repre- Si inflation, but eiinstitiieiicHS did not object to their represent nivea liming leave of airmen <. if their interests were properly intended to during the absence Another argument was that the business of the cruiser) end of the House would not be properly attended to in tin re wire uni) ii I it puty Speaker, but in his opinion 'will not signify mo straws what it is they gave to the gentleman presiding over the House whether it was Speaker of Deputy speaker, so long as the gentlemens had the knowledge and character that would I command the respect and obey Miners at the House. It was idle to t II him that to Dipnt) Speaker would have to truckle to the House in order that he might have some chance of an election to the rostrum , but if there was anything.- in such an argument, it applied equally to a permanent Speaker its to a Deputy Speaker, the present Speaker iota murdeR his own reelection, not be any truckling but by doing the business of the House well, and by firmly carrying out its rules and regulations and that would be the best way for any Deputy-Speaker to secure his re-election. Hon. members were told that to grant the Speaker leave of absence would be contrary to his wishes, and that argument would have great weight with him, but he was not satisfied-and certainly was not until the Attorney-General spoke as to what the wishes of the Speaker were. A letter had been produced in which the Speaker objected to leave of absence, as an hon. member in his position might do, but if the House desired to give him leave of absence, why should he not take, it then ? (Hear, hear ) There was no reason why he should not take it if it were offered by the House. 'the Attorney-General had pressed strongly on the House the point that it was the will of the Speaker to have a lump sum down, as proposed by the Government ; but it that were so, why did not the Government hand in the resignation of the Speaker at once? (Hear, hear.) If it were handed in hon. members would be relieved from all further trouble and difficulty, and he believed there would be a unanimous, or almost unanimous, vote in favour of the proposal of the Government, or a much larger one He gathered from the arguments of the Attorney-General that the Government had the Speaker's resignation in their pockets. (Laughter.) If that were so, life House should have been informed of it at the initiation of the debate, and the Government could then have asked the House to grant whatever santley considered reasonable, and the House would have voted it The Attorney General had deprecated the idea of talking to an honourable man like the Speaker about money, but the question was essentially one of money. They were all in favour of deal- ing generously with the Speaker, but it was still a matter of money, and he was quite at a loss to follow the Attorney-General in the disdain he expressed about money. The Attorney-General had talked of the Speaker's honourable and generous nature, and in the next breath he had told hon. members that by the provisions of the bill the money was to be tied up so that the Speaker's creditors should not get at it. (Laughter.) He was sure the Speaker would never consent to an arrangement like that. Mr. GILLIES You may be perfectly certain the House will not vote money to his creditors). (Hear, hear.) Mr.. DUFFY said that he thought they should not pass a bill for £1 000 which would bring in the Speaker only £210 a year, out of which he could not pay his creditors, but should give him leave of absence with his usual allowance. Every hon. member could picture to himself the position the Speaker would be in if he; had the lump sum of £4,000, and also the position he would be in if he had leave of absence and was relieved from the worry and toil of the Speakership endeavored the Salary and honour of that position. If, however, the House should in its wisdom see fit not to grant the leave of absence he would be due to see the retiring allowance largely increased for the principle of acknowledging the services of a Speaker in the past was a good one, and he believed that the Bum now proposed was inadequate. The hon. member for Brighton had been opposed in the past to granting a lump sum to a Speaker, but be had that night stated if leave of absence were granted to the Speaker, and the Speaker was not at the end of the leave able to occupy the high position again, he would be willing to grant him a lump sum and if that plan were agreed to there could be a unanimous vote on the question, Mr. JONES was convinced that hon. members on both sides of the House were willing to carry out the intentions and desires of the Speaker. If he could believe that the Speaker would prefer leave of absence, he would gladly support the amendment, but he was convinced that the Ministry had fairly represented what the Speaker mainly desired. He believed the Speaker heartily wished to be relieved of the necessity of fill- ing that chair. Mr. BENT.-Last week I was told the direct opposite. Mr. JONES had reason to believe that the Speaker de'Hired above everything else to be relieved of the cares of office He had also reason to believe that the Ministry had not got, as had been hinted, the Speaker's resignation in their hands It would, indeed, have been no indecorous tiling to send in a Resignation while the House had the matter under consideration The House need not now discuss the question as to who should next occupy) the Speaker's chair. He would support the proposition of the Government. By giving the Speaker a lump sum hon members would contribute to the lengthening of his days. He would prefer that the lump sum should be 15,000. It must be painful to the hon. gentleman that his circumstances were so limited that he could not deal with his creditors as he would desire , but there was always a possibility that, by the exercise of severe economy in the in time, be might be able to satisfy their claims. It was natural for the Government to take certain precautions that the money was not voted to creditors. Mr. GAUNSON- How are you going to prevent his being (made insolvent if there are any creditors Mr. JONES-These were difficulties that lawyers must consider, hon. members were not omnipotent. In spite of all the might do, it might be that the hon. gentleman who had presided over the House so long, and had served the country so well, might yet come to considerable suffering. But they should do the best they could for him. Mr. M'LELLAN had no disposition whatever to deal harshly with the sick Speaker. It he could do anything for the hon. gentleman he would do it with the greatest possible pleasure and in voting for the amendment, he believed he should be dealing generously and kindly towards the hon. gentleman. The Attorney-General hinted that, in voting for the amendment, they would, li it was carried, prevent the Speaker from getting anything If that was the intention of the mover of the amendment, it was not his intention. (Cheers ). He should support the amendment in the hope that the Speaker would, during his leave of absence, travel and renew his health. Something; had been said about money. Money had been the lever that had worked the world from its foundation to the present time. Did not Simon Magus strive to purchase the Holy Ghost with money? Money Would force its way where knowledge, and training, and ability of every description could not show its face. It was a mistake to despise filthy) lucre. From the cradle to the grave and were working to obtain it, and if some were more successful than others it was because they had the peculiarity of grovelling in the dirt to obtain it. (Laughter.) He wished to treat the Speaker more generously than the Government, He would give the hon. gentleman £2,000, and absolute liberty to enjoy himself as be pleased and if, on on his return, the hon. gentleman was not restored to health, he would generously vote the hon. gentleman any amount necessary to maintain him in a respectable position for the remainder of his life. He was prepared to vote the hon. gentleman a pension, or to do anything to put him beyond want and the power of creditors, and the the power of those pettifogging lawyer. (Laughter.) These surveyors not only inflated our streets, but corrupted society. (Laughter ) There was not! on the face of God's earth that they were not mean enough to do (Laughter) He hoped the Government would not drag the Sick Speaker through any more dirt. The hon. gentleman had been retained in his position while mines were going on, and until the number, were secured to effect a purpose that could not be honourable Some months ago the Speaker curio trembling to his platform, and declared he was no longer able to discharge the duties of his position, and still he was forced to retain it. He could understand the maneuvres that had been carried on, and considered bargaining on the ground of another man's addiction to be a very cruel thing It was a misfortune that the speaker ever resumed the chair after expressing his inability to occupy it. And if there was no man in the Assembly competent to fill the Speaker's chair. hon. members might find at the Zoological gardens, on their visit next did), some creature that with a little training could be made competent for the position. (Laughter It was to be regretted that there Rosevear) necessity for that Discussion. No subject has created more bad feeling. Hon. members had been worked up to a pitch of ill feeling that war Bunjil) printed. He did not see the necessity for that bad feeling, but it existed all the mine, and the hon. gentleman who had to fill the choir would conse- quent!) have a difficult duty to perform. He had been a steadfast supporter in the government, but he could not follow the Minstry into a false position, and that consequently vote for the amendment of the hon, member for Brighton. Mr. M'LEAN said that if the Speaker had asked the House to consider what was best for him, without expressing uiiydeairoaol his own, he (Mr. M'Lean) would have unless it dingly supported the proposal of the leader of the Opposition, which was infinitely more liberal than that of the Government. (Hear, hear ). But the Speaker had conveyed his wishes clearly and distinctly Mr. BENT. The last thing I heard from one of his friends was that the Speaker wanted leave of absence. Mr M'LEAN.-The Speaker is incapable of deliberately misleading or of conspiring with his medical adviser, to mislead the House. (Hear, hear,) Mr BENI'.-\\\ ill you say my statement is untrue Mr M'LEAN.-No ; nothing of the kind. But I say you are mistaken as to the wishes of the Speaker. Mr HUNT. -Two of his most intimate free man informed me last week that it was his distinct wish to have leave of absence. Mr, DEAKIN,-Tb« Speaker himself has this week said quite the contrary. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BENT -I will resign my sent in this House if what I have said can be proved to be untrue Mr M MUNRO -I saw the Speaker myself, and put the question point blank to him ' Will you accept leave of absence He said he would not, because of the strain upon his mind, and I don't believe the Speaker would say one thing to day and another thing to morrow (Hear hear ) Mr L L SMITH'S Hill the hon. member for Brighton is a liar ? Mr MUNRO-No, Idea say anything of the kind. He is certainly misinformed Mr McLEAN said the statement of the hon. member for Geelong (Mr Munro) was made on the strength of information obtained from the Speaker, whereas the leader of the Opposition had his information secondhand I 'the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury (Mr Anderson) had also in formed the House that the Speaker had expressed his desire to resign and taking that in conjunction with the fact that his only possible chance of restoration to health was to take immediate and absolute relief from the duties, cares and responsibilities of office it was obviously the wish of the Speaker to resign '1 They had the statement of the Premier and Attorney) General to that effect, and therefore he would support the proposition that was die tated by the wish of the Speaker With regard to the assertion that voting money to the Speaker would be a piece of extravagance he could only any that it public services like those of the Speaker did not deserve recognition, there would be very little inducement for good and able men to enter public life at all The Speaker had well deserved what was now proposed to be done for h in He possessed in a singular degree that rare combination of qualities which were absolutely essential to the proper performance of the duties He was thoroughly versed in the law and practices of Parliament, in flexibly line in enforcing his ruling, and at the same time he tempered his firmness with a degree of courtesy that in variably prevented any friction between the chair and the House. He never forgot to maintain the dignity of the position nor the respect that was due to the representatives of the people in Parliament He had done all a Speaker could do to lend dignity and decorum to the proceedings of Parliament, and the people of the colony would not grudge him, in his hour of affliction, the very modest retiring allowance which the Government proposed to make to him at the end of his long, honourable, and useful career (Cheers,) Mr 1 VI HILL said he did not believe that a chivalrous man like the Speaker would resign his position with its salary of £1,500 a year, which enabled him to live comfortably and satisfy his creditors, and take 14,000 of the public money and defraud his creditors (Hear, hear ) Nor would many hon. members be parties to such a transaction (Hear, hear ) While the Speaker would be the last to ask for unlimited 1 leave of absence, there was nothing to prevent the House tendering it to him in recognition of his public Ber vices Mr PaTCH ON But is the meaning of his letter Mr 1U1ÍIILL-No other construction could be put upon it References to intrigue were to be deprecated but the Government suggested intrigue by telling them that the bill was drafted by the Speaker instead of by the advisers of the Crown It the Government ascertained that Mr. Lalor wished to have a grant, why should they go so far as to say him ' Mr Lalor, how do you desire this particular bill to be ruined ' Was that fair to the House and to the public? It made the House a party to the granting of £4,000 to Mr Lalor in a particular way, when really it was a grant given by a grateful public out of the gratitude of their hearts to a servant who had served them faithfully and well 'These circumstances told against the Government. The hon. member for Geelong (Mr Munro) contradicted the statement made that Mr Lalor had said that he would pre- her leave of absence to a grant, but he (Mr iuthtll) hard accurate personal in formation on that subject Mr MUNRO Mr Lalor did not say that to any hon. member Mr TU THILL. The hon. member for Geelong (Mr Munro) was at liberty to give his opinion but was not at liberty to give a flat contradiction to any statement, especially when he lived in a glass house there was a strong rumour outside that the hon. member was personally interested in this grant Mr MUNRO -I must rise to contradict that statement The hon member ought to know that it is without foundation I am not interested to the extent of one brass farthing in the Speaker He does not owe me anything Mr 1U1 HILL Is there any institution with which you are connected to which he owes an) thing ' Mr MUNRO -He does not owe one shilling to the institution to which you refer Before the hon. member makes statements of that kind he should have some foundation for them. Mr 1U1 HILL he rumour is circulated right and left If the hon. member would like it I will specify the rumour It has been a matter of surprise why the grant to the Speaker has been increased from 13,000 to let 000, and the explanation given throughout the city is that the extra 11 000 is given for a specific purpose Mr MUNRO - What is the special purpose ? Mr TUTniLL -I will tell the hon. member privately Mr. MUNRO You had better tell it now The DEPUTY SPEAKER must ask the hon member to address the Chair Mr MUNRO - the hon. member made an incorrect statement which he has not yet drawn 'The DEPUTY SPEAKER -ne made a statement with reference to a rumour only Mr The HILL had a great objection to mere personal references and be mentioned that matter only because the hon. member for Geelong (Mr Munro) gave so Hat a denial to the statement of the leader of the Opposition The hon member for Brighton was actuated! by proper motives The Speaker could not prefer the miserable pittance of £210 per annum, with the honour and pleasure of his office taken from him to a salary of 11 500 a year, accompanied by the honour and pleasure of his office Mr Will LER said it was possible that the Speaker had made both of the statements attributed to him at different times, and under altered circumstances Leave of absence on full pay was preferable to a lump sum of £1,000 which would only bring in 1-10 a year, and the leader of the Opposi- lion, in moving his amendment was doing a service to the Speaker It the Speaker were granted leave of absence, and were unable to return to the chair, the House would deal as liberally - perhaps more liberally - with him than they would at the present time 'The Speaker would be entirely free from responsibility, and would have a handsome income The feeling in the country was against the vote of a lump sum and this was a circumstance which hon. members should consider If in addition to giving the Speaker leave of absence, £1,000 were granted 1 to him to enable him to take a voyage, he would support the proposal The Speaker might then return in a lit a in to to resume the discharge of his duties Mr BURROWES said that there was something peculiar about the whole of the circumstances of this case three or four weeks ago the House aske I the Premier to interview the Speaker and ascertain what his views were It was within his personal knowledge that three or four weeks ago the Speak er would have been pleased to receive leave of abscence and it was not until he had two or three interviews with the Premier that anything was hear about the payment of a lump sum It would retreating the Speaker better to give him leave of absence for the balance of this Parliament, with the view 11 considering his position at the end of that time there was a considerable feeling in the country against large votes to public. men Mr A nU'RIS said he would have to vote against the amendment The proposal to give the Speaker 11 000 down and leave of absence, amounted to the same thing as giving him a lump sum of £1,000 Apart done all that, there was the absolute fact that the Speaker desired to be relieved altogether of the duties of his office, and that leave of absence would not be the relief that his medical advisers considered essential for his recovery The question of who the next Spci ker was to be should be for the present altogether laid aside Mr H ILD thought that those hon members who proposed to grant the Speaker leave of absence for 12 months were rather considering his interests than those who advocated giving him a lump sum, and at the same time locking it up in such a way that he could not utilise it as he might desire The arguments as to the views of the Speaker himself were not conclusive for the opinions of a sick mott did not always carry the weight as those of a man in perfect health In granting the Speaker leave of absence the House would be paying him a compliment which he would perhaps appro cause more than any mere money vote Mr BOSISTO said he expressed the View a fortnight ago that the Speaker should be given leave of ubs race, with an assurance that at the end of the time his position would he considered At that time he knew that the Speaker desired to have leave of 1 absence (Hear, hear ) On the present occasion, therefore, he felt bound to support the amendment of the leader of the Oppo- Bilton, or else he would be stultifying him self At the same time he would be ready to support the vote to the Speaker when it was proposed. the House should deal with the Speaker as liberally as possible (hear, lit around be hoped to see him again occupying that position with restored health Dr QUICK said that this was not a mere Opposition amendment, for in this matter the Government would receive the support of many members on the Opposition side of the House He dissented from the doctrine laid down by the Attorney-General that if members voted for the amendment they would vote against any grant to the Speak cr He was desirous of voting for a grant to the Speaker but he was not prepared to vote on a contingency which had not happened Before the House was called to vote a sum of money to the Speaker the hon. gentleman should resign his position Under these circumstances members could support the amendment without heeding the warning uttered by the Attorney-General He intended voting for the amendment but he declined being coerced into the position of being thereby pledged to vote against a Ininti sum being granted to the Speaker this question had been improperly embarrassed by considerations as to the appointment of the Speaker's successor Representatives of the Government had been going about intriguing, and canvassing members for their votes Mr DEAKIN -We thoroughly deny it Dr QUICK said the fact was public property The action of the Government in the matter had been indecent, if not impartial men tory, and he for one would join in any movement which would checkmate the Government in the present arrangement Ministers would find in the end that the result would entirely discredit their own nominee and would place that gentleman in a false and unenviable position The efforts made to secure a successor to the Speaker were a manifestation of political degeneration, and it would be a sorry day indeed when the way to power and to high positions in the country I was through wealth 1 he signs of the times were that men of ability and long service to the state, who would do credit to the Speaker's chair, were to be passed over in a silent contempt and a man whose only recommendation was wealth placed in that position He should support the amendment for leave of absence and when the opportunity arrived he should vote in favour of provision for the Speaker being made The House divided on the question that the words proposed to be omitted by Mr Dent (namely, the words after " I had, in the sentence "lilac I do now leave the chair ) stand part of the question, with the following result - A) es 42 Noes 2 J Majority against leave of absence to the Speaker 13 Subjoined is the division list - AYES Mr Anderson Mr Forrest Mr Munro (V and H ) - Gardiner - Mut to \- Andrews - Gillies - Olliver \- Baker - Graves - Pearson \- Bourchier - Groom I circle , - Cameron - Harris A. - Rees \- Clark, AT- Highett - Bel I \- Clark, Y JL - Hunt - but well \- Coi pur Jones - inanition \- Davies, D SI - Laurens - Uren \- Davies's li - Levien - Vale \- Deakin - Madden, iV - VI right \- Derham - V Coll - li rKon \- Donaghy - M Lean - Cox \- Dow NOES Mr Anderson Mr Gordon Dr Rose (Creswick) - Graham Mr Russell \- Bailey - Hall - Shiels \- Bent - Langdon - smith L U \- Bosisto - langridge - Toohey \- Burrowes - M In) re- 1 ticker \- Duffy - M Main - Tuthill \- Feild - Outtrim - IV hooker \- Ferguson - Patterson - Woods \- Gaunson Dr Quick - Young, A Pair -For the amendment, Colonel Smith, against it, Mr Ross Mr TUCKER moved the adjournment of the debate (Opposition cheers ) Mr. LANGDON seconded the motion The House divided with the following result - Aies 11 Noes 23 Majority against the adjourn- ment 32 Subjoined is the division list - A. K9 Mr Anderson Mr M Intyre Mr *!mUb L. L. (Croswlok) - Mr Allan - Toohey \- Balled I Patterson - Tooker \- Bent Dr Quick - Tutrjlll \- Burrowes - Rose - MA rector \- Gaunson Mr 1 use It - Woods \- Langdon - Shiels NOW Mr Anderson Mr Forrest Mr M our (V and H ) - Gardiner - Munro \- Andrews - Gillies - Nimmo \- Baker - Gordon - Officer \- Bosisto - Grnlnm - Outtrim \- Bourchier - Games - Pearson \- Cameron - Groom I circle \- Clark, A. T - Hall - Rees \- Clark W M - Harris A, - Reid \- Coppin - Ifiehctt - She fell \- Davies, DM- Hunt - Staughton \- Davies M, H - Jones - Uren \- Deakin - Langridge - Vaia \- Derna in - Laurens - Wright \- Donaghy levies Wrixon \- Dow - Maddon, VV, - Voting A. \- Duffy - M Coll - Zox \- -solid While the question was being taken Mr. L. L. Smith, who was voting for the adjourn- ment, but was acting as teller for the " noes ' with Mr Shackell, suddenly resumed his seat, and complained that Mr Shackell had called him impertinent He (Mr L L Smith) added, "I will wring his nose ' As hon. members were crossing the floor of the House to resume their accustomed Bents alter the division, Mr, L L Smith whispered something to Mr .hat kell Mr SHACKELL. this is a very improper place to use such language as that if the on member thinks The SPEAKER Order, order Mr HEN T hoped that the House would nowndjournin order to afford an opportunity of ascertaining beyond doubt the views and wishes of the Speaker Some remarks had been made by two hon members that even ing - the hon. member of Gippsland (Mr M Lean) and the hon. member for Geelong (Mr I Munro) reflecting on his (Mr Bent's) word He thought that wherever he was known his word would be taken as much as the word of either of the hon members who had questioned his statements The hon member for Gippsland doubted his word, and the hon. member for Geelong got up in the most ostentatious manner for the purpose of contradicting his statement. Mr MUNRO-No Mr M'LEAN- It a not fair Mr BENT said he believed that the Speaker's wish was to obtain leave of absence until the Premier had seen him Mr GAUNSON And that's his wish now Mr BENT-I won't say that Mr GAUNSON -I can say it Mr BENT T said there had been too much humbugging Mr M'INIVRII-Ibat has caused all the row Mr BENT -It was said that the Speaker was in debt. If that was a fact, and the House desired to relieve him, let Ina debts be ascertained and discharged he would not be a party to disreputable tactics for the purpose of depriving honourable men of their just due, he would be a thief to do it, and rather then that such a job should be perpetrated he would make one of a stonewall to prevent it He regretted that the lion rai member for North Gippsland (Mr M'Lean) bad doubted the accuracy of his statement Mr M'LEAN-I did not attribute falsehood to the hon. member, but I did say that he had been misinformed Mr MUNRO did not contradict the hon member either, but I made a statement of fact as to what the Speaker had said Mr DUFf Y said that if the hon. member for Brighton allowed the House to go into committee the Premier would consent to the adjournment Mr. BENT regretted that he misunderstood the hon. member for North Gippsland. He would accept the suggestion made by the hon. member for Dalhousie (Mr. Duffy he went assured that on going into committee hon. members conl i move any amendment they thought proper. Mr. GAUNSON.-Na It must be relevant to the bill, and leave of absence is not, Mr. BENT Band that the Premier would say that hon. members could move any amendment they thought proper committee he would give way at once. Mr. GILL. KC said that in committee the hon. member for Brighton could obtain the opinion of hon. members on any subject he thought proper. When the House went into committee he proposed to submit a resolution, which he would read for the information of hon, members. It was as follows: "That an appropriation be made out of the con- solidated recruits for the purpose of a bills to provide for the granting of 4,000. to the Hon. Peter Lalor." The Speaker could not possibly obtain leave of absence without a substantive resolution passed by the House on notice. Mr. BUNT-Oh, that won't do, Mr. GILLIES-If hon. members desired to grant leave of absence- to the Speaker they could, when he brought forward his motion, move to report progress, and could after wards submit any proposal they thought proper to the House. The House had spent the whole evening in discussing that subject, and they should now do something. All hon. members were anxious to do what they could to relieve the Speaker, and there was no reason why they should quarrel because they differed in opinion. All he proposed new was that the House should go into committee, and immediately report progress. The DEPU i'Y SPEAKER wished to point out to hon. members that it was irregular to discuss in the House what might or might not be done in committee. Mr. GAUNSON contended that the debate should be adjourned, in order to ascertain whether the Spe- iker consented to be treated in the childish manner proposed in the bill The motion that the Deputy Speaker leave the Chair was agreed to. The House having gone into committee, Mr GILL. fes moved - "last an appropriation be made out of the con- solidated revenue for the purposes of a bill to provide for a grant of £1,000 to the Honourable Peter Lalor ' Progress was immediately reported. ADJOURNMENT. The House at five minutes to 12 o'clock adjourned till next day. 