":-; Theatrical Slang. 1 ti To a large extent theatrical: slang .iC matter of abbreviation. The " Profesýio-a '" seldom use a whole word when part will do as well, and they begin by calling them selves "pros." A theatrical notice in the newspapers is not a "paragraph," but a ' par." "Biz" is" business," but there are two kinds of it-" good biz" means full " houses ;" when " biz " is bad the treasury o is ' empty, and "the ghost walks.'" The actor's "biz," however, is quite a different thing, and so important that it is 'often givendits unabbreviated iame of ':business." It includes all the player's by- play. Ham- 01 let's trifling. with Ophelia's fan in the play, scenie, the clown's manipulation of the poker, the funny man's antics with the whisky-, bottle,-Dundreary's " hop, are all the special c '" business " of the gentlewan' who plays the part'. The'' "business" is often not in the "book." It is frequently introduced by.the* creator of a part, tralition' handing it down fromi generation to generation. ." Business " in old plays has been traced back- to. before 'the days of Garrick; indeed, the creators of some of the Shar:esperean charactiers are still, it is believed, followed in their .readings by. S, the old school of:actors.ý Cowley nd 'Kempe,, for instauce, are riesponsible for the." busi ness"' of Dogberry and: Verges ;' and the al waistcoats of the first gravediggerin " Ham let are aq old at the 17th century. "iHis t origin.al character" is a line the actor likes to be able to add to his name in 'the play- l bill. It :'really means that the' "original. business ' of. .the part is his. When :one th character's 'business is so great as to be; the: chief feature of the play, the piece is called afterthim. Thus, the popular farce "'Turn tb HIim Out" is' "Nobb's Piece.". "Business' in this sense was in use in'theatrical circles 130- 'n years ago; and long' before, maybe. The classification of players according to, their-line of business is little thought of now 'a-days. Until lately, however, it ;was very arbitrary.. The " heavy man" was he who played such parts as Hamlet's uncle, -Iano, o1 the ",tiger " in the "Ticket-of-Leave -Man." at Cassio was " walking gentleman ;" the o' " utility man" was he who made himself m useful ; the " low comedian " could not poach ,, on the preserves of the "light comedian ;" there were " old women " (first and second), "singing chambermaids," '" leading juven- 'tl iles" and " boys." These terms are still in daily. use, but long " runs " will be the death of them.-: An actor is chosen nowa'ays to fill' one part, when. formerly he played a hundred parts in a season. The manager of a "stock company was always careful. to have his " heavy man," " chambermaid," &e.;, and his "scores" of plays-that is :to say, y his lists of dIamatis personm in the pieces he: had down for production had opposite each name, in pencil marks, the technical term for the man who wbuld' play it.: Instead of ""Hamlet~ Mr. So and-So," the' score read3 "'Hamlet---leading juvenile." Old-fashioned managers. and 'play-wrights still have this custom. The term "run"',was used above;. Fielding as in the same sense. . . When the player is in the provinces he is " on the road "-the phrase,obviously a relic of the times when a':tors played in barns and t journeyed from town to town in waggons. 7 Some.companies only go' to the small towns, when they are said to be.!' doing the smalls." Members.of provincial companies are "out." To have a part in the piece being played is to-be " on." If you do not know your words you are 'a "fiuffer," and to "queer the managers's pitch "is to disappoint him. Few actors who 'play a variety. of parts are well acquainted' with any part of a piece but their own;.' They trust to the " cue " to keep them' I right. The " cue " is 'the sentence spoken I by .another which 'they have; to follow. Often they only Watch for the last word.. of the sentence. Then the "cue " is "the I word." "Fat " is a popular slang' term 'for good liusiness--a telling speech or anything else that the actor can make much of. By the.by, ".fat" is the popular slang : term; in several trades and professions, meaning c something different in each. The compositpr's " fat," for instance, is a blank space for which he is paid without having any type to "set." Rosalind's prologue in "As You Like It" is •a "lovely tag," that being a " tag " in,which the:player addresses the audience. ,These are known as " the front of the house," and the theatre is the "shop." The play itself is called the " show." This term nis but a:year or two old, but is already popular. Much more ancient is the "gods" for the occu pants of the gallery. " Props,"'j the abbreviation in use for '." pro perties," is a very important termi Every thinig stored at the theatre, for uise on the stage is a "' prop; ,! these are the manager's props. The actor's props are the articles of clothing which 'he has to provide for him self. ? Thiese 'vary according to the status of the company'; managers of repute provid ing e. erything except tights and afew other arti'les, while needy managers like their company to have a "wardrobe" of their own. Plot' "is used with a somewhat'pecu liar significance.- There are a number of "plots " to every play. Thus the "'scene, plot" is a list of the various scenes. The " flyman's plot " is a list of the articles re-'l quired by the flyman, or man in the·" flies." Theie is similarly a' , gasman's plot."' The "property plot" includes all properties used in the piece, and the promipter is responsible for their:all being to. hand 'at the . proper time. . The least importantof the prompter's duties, indeed, is to prompt. - , To get .a ' reception " is to be welcomed with applause from the frontwhen you niate your first appearance for the' evening; to have a .' call"U,is to be cheered back-to bow yobur acknowledgments when you go; off. Qite'as' imuch store is set 'on a reception as jon a cidllii Th?u e ime -means thait you are re ic'g isei 'as a favorite, the other that you Ihave made a "hit.'" The' "star," or leadinig layer, 'is- put sadly out of. coun tenance if he comes on in silence; and the " super " has sonietimes to suffer for 'it. By calling ', supers" "supes, the actor contrives, to get rid of the second I syllable of'! supernumeraries." "Super"' is vaguely used at times to include the chorus; though ?the ladies .of the latter, at` all events, recognise a difference. They sing, while the super 'is mute. The ballet-lady, on the other hand, does not sing--she dances. Of course there are slang terms for these; and here is a true little anecdote explaining the difference between a chorus-girl' and a ballet-lady. A few weeks ago, some one asked an 'actor in a comic opera if his.wife, who is also on the stage, played in the same piece. ' No," he said gravely, "she is not a singer; she's a kicker." When an actor is out of an engagement he advertises in the chief theatrical paper that he is " waiting"'' or " resting.'". Managers Smaking up a company invite "capable 1 people "' to " write in." They are pretty sure \- to address the ladies who respond as their \- " dear child."'?IfShakespeare is to be played, only those ""artists' need apply who are | "well up' in the "legitimate." A manager | of the old school will :ask them what they i " sell," meaningwliat kind of parts they play. o Preference is given to a comedian for farce or burlesque who can " gag," or introduce e matter.of his own into a piece on the spur of If the mioment-a reference to a meeting of K the' local City Council, for instance. If I- the' bufsiness is 'bad the house is filled with "' dead-heads"' -- persons invited 'to' come 461 gratis: These have a written admission from,: the manager, and hence', the term a'?" paper house." But of theatrical slang there is no '- id . 