GJX3EP.T AND SULLIVAN'S NEW OPERA A writer in The Wor.z of November 24 gave the following apparently omcial account of Gilbert and Sullivan's new opera "Respect ing the new Savoy op-era. 1 beg to say that the tine is not ye: fixed. The title never is uxea &e;:ore tne ias: moment. The piece is quasi-melodramatic in character, with a strong snpercaturul navor ia the second act. I muz: not say what that is. The date of the piece in Is 10. The firs: act takes place in" 3 seaport village: the second in a mansion ia the neighborhood of that seaport village. Grossmitb and Barring-ton play stronglv contrasted parts of a melodramatic , character. Lely plays a man-nf-war's-man. Mr. Temple plays a ghost. Miss Bond is a gipsy girl who has gene mad tor the love of a wicked baronet, Miss Braham, a village girl, and Miss Brandrum. an elderly sorrow-stricken dame. I: is expected vhe dresses (which are scrupulously exact reproductions o: the dresses of IS 10) wili prove to be 3 remarkable feature in the piece. Tne costumes of the chorus will be worth seeing, and they cos: over £1309. These dresses have Wen in preparation for some months and are now approaching comple tion. I have seen it stared that the scene of the piece is laid in Egypt, and that its object is to satirise British aaministratiou in that country. I have even read in a well-known jonrnai what professes to be an abstract o; the plot, based upon this assumption. Hating i as I do giving incorrect news, I asked Mr. Gilbert himseif. He says I have not taken the trouble to contradict these state ments, partly because the matter is of : no general interest, but chieny because I am always pleased to mislead American pirates, who are invariably on the lookout for an op portunity of forestalling us in te United 5l tares. I am assured that an opera on the sub ject of British admin iitratio'u in Egvpt is already in preparation iu New York. Ihave nothing to aid except that I am Tery glad to hear it, aad 1 hope it is true.' " Mr. W. Warner, whose clever and amusing character -acting has often entertained the patrons of the Academy of Music, is, we under stand, to be tendered a benefit on Thursday night a: the A Vn am bra Music-hall Mr. Warner has recently been laid up with a serious illness and has only just reached convalescence. Every effort will be made to make the performance for his benefit a success, to which end many brother and sister artistes have given the£r services. Without exception, the Sydney places of amusement, now both numerous and varied in character, were largely attended on Saturdar sight. No: one was uncomfortably crowded, nor one but that was pleasantly fujL The holiday programmes were retained in nearly every instance, aad undiminished public favor was "shown to each aad all The "Sleeping Beauty," with its beautiful scenery and sparkl ing ballet, held the boards at the Theatre Royal while its rival, "Dick Whittiugtou and his Cat" with its overflowing fun, was repeated at the Royal Standard Theatre. The one, possessing so much to attract the eye ana ricxi® the fancy, was warmly received; tbe other deficient in neither of these and full of true pantomimic absurdity, was received with hilarious, nay almost convulsive merriment Miss Minnie Paimer, whose dainty presence and inexhaustible vivacity infuse the breath of life into " My Sweetheart," carried the au- cienoe enclosed within the Opera House no; br storm but by droUery and delightful liveli ness. " Palka," with its very amasing dialogue and pretty airs, filled tbe elegant " Criterion." An uninterrupted programme of mirth reigned at the Academy of Music which showed but few Ticant seat?, while varied amusement was pro vided' for the patrons of D'Arcy Read's "Ghost at the Old Masonic-bail : Cottiers' concert at the Protestant- ball, tbe variety entertainment at the Aibambra Music-hall, and the Strasbarg Clock at Kidman's-bnildingo 