ANNUAL MISSIONARY MEETING. At 3 p.m. the usual missioaary meeting was held in Young-street Church. Mr. Joha CorniBh, J.P., presided over a good atten dance. The proceedings opened with a re ugions service, prayers cieing onerea by the Rev. R. M. Huntsr ( Wesleyan). The Chaie MA2T congratulated the Bible Christian deno mination on the great success that had followed thtir efforts in the colony, and wa3 glad to see that the work was appreciated by members of other religious bodies. (Hear, hear.) What had been done proved tl it the Divine blessing rested on them, and that the methods used were acceptable to Him. The Rev. T. Pipes (Secretary of the Mission Com mittee) read the annual report, which stated that the year just closed had been one of very mingled esperience. Joy and sctiOw, p.oj perity and adveraicy, trial and Iriumph, hid each in turn been their lot. la come stations especially the brethren had been severely tried, while in others peace and prosperity had been realized. Bat, whatever the expe rience, there had been a settled purpo-e to glorify God in the salvation of men. Toe gospel had been proclaimed, the young had been tanght the way of life, the temperance cause had been advocated, the sick and dying had been visited, and the careless ard in different had been warned. While compara tive stagnation hau reioned in the commerce and productions of the colony, and while this had not been without its eSect upon the spiritual life of the people, the number of mei-ibers at the mission siationa had been inc.eaaed by fifty six, and the year's income had exceeded that of the previous year by about £70 ; and one station (Port Augusta), which for the past twenty years had received assistance from the Society at an average of abont £S0 per year, had declared itself capable of paying its own way in fatare. The rsvievr of the stations contained the statement that at Silverton, New South Wales, two Churches h-d been buili — ons at Umbernmberka and ons at B.oken Hill — and the congregations were good. (Hear, bear.) The Rev. W. H. Casn moved the adoption of the report, and that it be printed aad cr cnlated. in spite of all the so- called 'advanced' thought and the modern fads they had unshaken faith in the gospel, and intended to hold to the three Puritan R's— ruin by the fall, redemption by Christ, and regeneration by the Holy Ghost. (Appianse.) If they wanted to see the highest possible manifestation of Divine j,oodneE3 they must continue to believe in the gospel of Christ. The Rev. &. Laxg, in seconding the motion, said no one could review their history without gaining inspiration for the future. They had no fear for the Bible, because its influence became more powerful eveiy year. The Rev. E. Gsatton (Xlethodiat JSrew Con nexion) said any Church devoid of mission agencies could not stand. The besi sign of the power of religion to-day could be Feen in the passionate pity shown by its adherents for all who were snfiering, sinning, asd dying. (Cheer3.) Whether or not Methodist nnion was realized he hoped tn?t greater power and larger sympathy would mark those who laboured in the mission cause. The last fifty years was the ™st ?Ionoa3 period in the history of Christ's Lhureh since tha days of the Apostles, and *ne brightest times were yet to come. (Cheers.) The Rev. E. J. Sampson spoke or tne need cf personal s.xrifbe in order to in crease the mission wcrk. The motion waa earned. A public tea waa held subsequently in the schoolroom. _ In the evening the public meeting was con tinued. Tne President of the Conference, in the absence of tne Chief Justice, occupied the chair, and made an earnest: address to a bxze congregation. The speakers also in claded the Beva. W. T. Penrose, J. Ray Eoat, T. if. Keen, and J. Hancock, jnn., and ihe Eev. S. Gray (from the Primitive Methodist District Meeting). The followinz resolution was carried :—'* That we hereby record our unfeigned gratitude to God for Hfa abundant mercy towards us durin.i another year, fo»' the succour He ha3 afforded Bib eervantj in time of trial, for the gift of His spirit to attend the preaching of the gospel of Christ, and for the number of those who have been brought to tbe knowledge of Christ on our mission stations ; and we earnestly de-ire for ourselves and all our friends— for all wehave and all we are — a complete consecration to the service of God, so that this year of jubilee of bolh our country and onr Sovereign may be alao a spiritual jubilee, and that thousands of our fellow-colonists may be caved from sin asd become the children of Gcd through Jt3us Christ our Lord.' Collections were made at both meetings and met with a liberal rcsrionse. 