MEETING NIGHT- Tho Gorman' professor, when ho had fin ished our lesson, and was waiting for the thunder shower to pass— for, though lie hod brought bis big bluo umbrella, he did not care to face tbo llnsbcs or lightning— suddenly turned to us, and said; It wns exactly such an ovoning as this I saw Leopold — " Wo looked up at him and waited. We knew bo whs about to toll us a story ; ho al ways began In tliis way, without preface, , " In my native village," lio said, "people, bolicve that whoever, will go alono to this chthodrar on a certain midnight in summer, which wo cull ' Meeting-Night,' and with his own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the natnc of a dead friond in' tlio form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend nnd speak to bim. ' People be lieve this, but very few CTor try tho spell. Wbo'ii it comes to'tho noiht, gbosta.'Bcn'rcely provo satisfactory; and writing in one's own flood Is rather asolcmn proceeding, especially in an empty church at midnight. " Ono man who had lost his sweetheart did it, l'bcy said lio saw her, bnt ho bled to death from tho wound ho gave himsolf to get tbo blood, having accidentally -severed an artery. . " When I left tho town, tho custom was spoken of ns amongst the things of tbo past. . 1 left in baste. .1 lmd lmd n quarrel with my. cousin Leopold. The quarrel wns about a lady I loved. Fritz Wngncr told mo some thing that made mo furious and I ohnllongod Leopold on the spot. Wo met in tho great open clenring in tho heart ot the pino woods often used beforo for the same purpose. It was dawn— tbo pink dawn of summer. I can sco him now, stand ing,' 'handsome aud tall, in tho sweet light, hl3 coat off, Ills sword in hiB linnd. Ho looked at mo reproachfully, but not angrily. I wns furious. Tho wotd wns given. I did my best to wound him, IIo merely defended himsolf. Then ho lay on tho ground at my foot, nnd ray second hurried mo away, put on qiy coat, nnd dragged mo to where n car riage awaited me. " ' UO 1 UC 8HHI, AUU (UlUKUl bUU UBbVUCt You havo kilted your cousin Leopold. This placo will not bo safo for you. " Tho coachman drove furiously. As for tncj I was In a sort of dream. ' Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so I' 1 asked myself. Thou I replied : 'Ho deserved it. Ho dp- served It. I did well.' " Tho next day I loft Germany. I came to Australia, I established mysolf hero, Ono day, In tho midst of tho great throng in Col lins Street, I mot Fritz Wagner, lio looked liko a ghost— gray, hollow-cheeked— scarcely moro than a skcloton. . " 1 You sco it,' lio said, as I glanced at liltn; 'I am dying. This Is my address. Do. not come until I send for you; bnt when I do, como at onco. Swear it.' ' " 1 My friend,1 T said, Met mo. como beforo t.l»(p( Tz,t. mo help yon if I can.' |- » 1 No,' ho said, ' no ; ' aad turned away. ' .A T> ' ' . " Three .'months afterwards a messenger enmo to me nt midnight, nnd said : Fritz Wngncr has sciit for you.' " f found him dying, but lie had strcngtii to speak. " ' Frederick,' ho said, f I liavo a confession to make. I lied nbout Thereso. I was In love with her. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold nnd all tho rest, it was true enough ; bnt tho Leopold was her sister's little baby, named nftcr your .cousin. You understood. - thnt I meant tho man. I took my oath to tho truth of my statement. For thnt, I am suffering tho torments of tho lost.' " With these terrlblo words on his lips, ho died. . .. ' And now romorso seized mo, I suffered nmmics whon I remembered my true love, Thereso, nnd my dear cousin, Leopold. X could not rest. I know nothing of tho fate - of my friends in Germany, bat f resolved nt lust to return nnd seo Thereso, who, it sho lived, wns forty years old, nnd beg bor for- ; giveness, nnd to give myself np to tho author!- ties as my cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would bo nn expiation. " I bade adieu, ns I believed, to Australia forever, nnd sailed In the nextstenmer for my ' nntlve home. " I travelled many milc3 over land to ' reach tho village after leaving tho ocean. At last t reached it late on the niglit of astormy summer day. I walked from tho station to the hotel, nnd on my way tho llghtniug flushed through tho heavens. .1 passed a tree riven from top to root by nrcccnt Btrokc.nnd saw at iny feot a littlo dead bird, killed when tho grcnt pino was smitten. " I stopped anil laid it aside on tho moss. As I did so a feather fell from its broken wing, and on the instant it occurred to mo thnt this very night was tho mystic Meeting Night, and that It wns with tho quill of n bird that ono wrote tho nnmo of tbo spirit ono wished to mcot nt the altar's foot. I had littlo faith in tho superstition ; but I was in a strange mood, nud hoyond shono tho win dows of tho cathedral, open day or night to ' - nny worshipper. "I seized tho littlo quill. I turned my steps toward thosaerod'cdiffce. Itwns empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, fow nnd far botween. I passed up tliu ntslc, and kneeling, took n kntfo from my pocket and cut my finger slightly ; then, hnving pointed tho little qnfll, 1 dipped It in my blood and wroto tho nnmo of Leopold. Tho thunder rolled overhead ns I did so, Tho colors of the Ipaintcd windows grow brlllinnt as tho lightning flashed, and then ngaln woro dim and dnsky. Suddenly I heard a voice brcatho my name—' Frederick 1" It enmo from above. I looked up: In the gallery stood a figure all in black, savo for n white band upon its fore head. It had the face of Thereso, but paler, ' thinner. Its whito hands wero hers. It stretched them ont towards me, ns In greet- 1 Ing. It waved them In farewell. It was I gone. - 1 " A spirit had nppoarcd to me— Thorcse's ' spirit. Then sho, too, wns dead. Still on ' my knees, powerless to move, I awaited tho mysteries of this strnngo night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there— n sad, gray Leopold— but I knew him. I uttered his nnrac. He nnswered : j " ' Is it Frederick V / " 1 Ghost.of my friend,' r replied, 1 1 have returned to make expiation, Fritz. Wagner lied to mo, nnd so I f eft my love, and mur dered you. I havo discovered the truth. X j return to givo myself to justice. You shall bo avenged, dear spirit. I'ray for mo in heaven, and forgivo md.1 | "Tho spirit advanced. It smiled, It Bcizcd mo by tho hnnils with a warm, - living > clasp. . 1 . " ' I will forgivo you,' hesnid. God knows I have forgiven ; bnt as yet I only hopo for heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I recovered in a littlo whllq. A ; jealous mnn |s-mad man, I- know that. I novor censed to lovo you. 1 " Ho opened his arms, I foil into them. Wo' 1 embraced. " 'But Tliereso?' I said. ' Surely, It wns ' ' her spirit that I saw.' " X sivwit also,' lie answered. 'TccrcsoiS dead to tho world. Slio Ib a nun in the con- vent closo at band. - After -you .had been gono five years, I nsked her to marry me ; but she conid love hut once. When her mother died sbo took tho voil. - On this an, nivorenry the. nuns como to tlra cathedral to keen vigil. This is the' night I also come. ' And Thorcso looks down on ma and smiles. This sho. csteetns a sin, nnd oxpintes With penance; but I livo on it the year tbronglu 1 . Toi night sho saw only yau. - Slio fo'rgot mo. I Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed in ' lUUVMIg UG1 I I 11 1 bowed my head In contrition, and just at that moment thoro arose from the dark gallery the soft,- swcot sound of women's voices, singing without any tacobmpnnlmentl - . "Together, standing hand in hand,' wo' . listened. -Then,, arm inform,; wo left tho cathedral,. ' . ; . | " I returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. Every year ho. goes to thorenthcdral at twelve on- Meeting Night— every year until tho lost ho wrote: 1 "'I have seen her. With her eyes sho Bent an angel's love to you.' Y ' But last year this la whnt lio wrote: ' " ' She is dead. : I holicvo that she will bo yours in heaven; not mino. But I shall love , ' her through eternity." Shrewd Mrs.' Penucklo.— " I didn't al ways plough tho earth for a llyiug," said Farmer Pennokle. . " I. was once a wino mer chant's clork In Melbourne. I married young, and my .wife; wlio is sitting there now, with tbe'repritatton of being ns good a former's . wifo as there is In tlio country, iqadd just as good a mate for nhqrd.up clork thon. Liko many young couples, wo had purchased furni ture In instalments, and wo were not able to pay nil tho sums as they fell dub; . Every- . thing seemed to he golng nga!nat u8, nnd our liltlo girl .was sick. Whenjl .enmo homtfenrly .ono Saturday nftbrhboh, and; found cropo hanging to my door boll. My heart was in my mouth nnd.tcnrs choked mo as X mot my . wife. . . / ;'",So dear llttks Minnie is gono l.'.I said; . "'Minnie gone I 'said niy wife, 'Oh, 110. But the broker's mnn will be round in a minute to selzo tlio 'furniture, and I thought possibly tlio crape might check him.1 ; "It cheeked him. He halted his wnggun a- - dozen yards away, walked on', tlp.too- to the door, examined tho crape,: and went softly, away, afraid, Apparently, that somo ono might'hcnr him. Minnio recovered, and a fo.w dnys afterwards I scraped"' up enough . ( money to pay tho hill, hut I. liavcn I bought anything 011 instalments since." Fortune in. tlio Teacup — Here are a- few" old women's signs "for you, girls: It ... single persons happen to liavo, two spoons in their cup, it is a sign that they will figure prominently at, a wedding botore the yenr is out. If you put milk or cream In. your ten boWrc tlio sugar, It will "cross your lovo." If a tou-stalk floats in tlio aup, it is cnllcd " a bean." Unmarried ladles, when this hnppcns, should stir their ten round briskly, nnd then fdaut the spbon uprightly in the cup, holding tquito still with- tho fingers. If the "beau" 1 In its gyrations is attracted to tbo spoon, nnd clings to It, tho " bean " will bo cerium to como that evening. If tho sides of tlio cup attract, tho " beau " will not come. Wo may observe that It depends upon tho slato of tho atmosphere whether tho ten-stalk Is attracted to the middle or the sides of tlio cup. It is . a sign of fair weather if tho cluster ot small air hubbies, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collect themselves and remain in tho ccntro of tlio' enp; Tho con trary when they slrngglo to the sides— it will - certainly rain in a few hours, 535 : 