INVESTITURE OF ARCH BIS SOP REYNOLDS. The solemn ceremony of investing Hi-i Grace Archbishop Reynolds with the pallium which has baeu sent from Rome was performed on Sunday, September 11, at the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier by His Eminence Cardinal Moran in the presence of an immense assemblage. The ceremony itself was carried out with all the solemn pomp and circumstance of the Roman Catholic Church, and apirt from its sacred associations was a spectacle of so gorgeous a character that the impression it created upon the vast assemblage of spectators was one which will take long to efface. The masie, which formed no unimportant part of the proceedings, was magnificent, the line voices of the admirably trained choir and the tones of the organ filling the Cathedral with harmony. The air was hea ry with incense, and the day being a bright one, the sun's rays shining through the stained glass windows of the sacred edifice cast rich colours upon the pillars and floor, enhancing the brilliancy of the spectacle furnished by the rich robes of the officiating prelates aud clergy, the numerous large lighted candles on the altars, and the adornments of the building. Long before the hour fixed for the ceremonial a great crowd assembled, and as soon as the doors were opened the people poured io, filling every available seat, the aisles, and even to the steps of tha sanctuary. Partly in anticipation of this important event in the history of the Roman Catholic Church in South Australia the Cathedral had been enlarged, but it was insufficient to hold all the people who sought admittance, and many regained outside. Archbishop Reynolds is deservedly beloved by the people ot his See, and consequently high and low had a deep iaterest ia tha high honour conferred upon him. The interior of the Cathedral presented a striking picture. la THE SAKC'IOAEY were to be discerned the high altar with its sacred furniture and adornments, tha great; candles in massive silver candlesticks, aad all the paraphernalia appertaining to the observance of pontifical high mass. Od tlie eastern side was to be seen THE CABDINAL'S THEOXE, a tall massive richly carved structure of Gothic design, made of walnut wood, and forming a remarkable feature of the furniture ot the sanctuary. This throne was designed by Mr. E. J. Woods, and is a beautiful specimen of carving ia the ecslesiastical style. It is lofty and imposing in appearance, covered as it is wish elaborate carved designs of a type familiar to us in connection with the old style of such work of a sacerdotal character. It bears also the southern cross, the Archbishop's arms, aad other emblems. THE CO'GREGATIOX, as befcre stated, filled the whoie Cathedral, but seats had been reserved immediately ia front of the sanctuary, aud were occupied by His Excellency the Govercor, the Chief justice. Judge Bundey, the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Hon. Attorney- General, Sir Henry Ayers, and other distinguished visitors. _ The Permanent Force in their handsome uniforms, under Lieutenant Hawker, hied in to form a guard of honour aloDg the aisle for the Cardinal, but the crush was EO great that they had to occupy seats in the western nave. THE CEEEMOSY. His Eminence tha Cardinal entered at 11 o'clock by the maiu entrance to the Cathedral, and came in solemn procession up the aisle, accompanied;by Dr. O'Haran (the Cardinal's Secretary), Dr. Carr {Archbishop of Melbourne), Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart), Dr. Moran (Bishop of Dunediu), Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Dr. Gibaey (Sishop of Perth), Dr. Dunn (Bishop of Wilcannii), and Dr. Corbett (Bishop of Sale). On arriving at the sanctuary Pontifical High Mass was performed by His Grace the Archbishop, who wore the vestments aud mitre peculiar to his office. This was a solemn and imposing celebration, which created a powerful impression, enhanced as it was by the uiisaifiant usic appropriate to the occasion. The Cardinal iu his scarlet robes was seated on his throne with the prelates and attendant clergy on either side of liim iu their robes and vp.atmentB. and irj front were the acolytes in blue robes and eCmiet capea, forming a brilliant picture, continually changing as the ceremonial proceeded. Afisr Pontifical High Mass the fauldstool was placed on tbe predella, and the Archbishop knelt in piano at the foot of the altar, and the Cardical lemoved the cappa magnum and was invested in cope and mitre. He took a place on the fau Ids tool. The Archbhhop then read the " Jura Mantum," after wliieSi the Cardinal invested him with the pallium. On investing the Archbishop with the pallid m the Cardinal recited the following profession of faith form of prayer in Latin:— " To the honour of the Omnipotent God and the blessed il&ry; ever Virgin and the Holy Apostles Peter and Paul and our Lord Pope Leo and the Holy Roman Church, also the Church of St. Francis Xavier, to you committed, we deliver to you tho pallium taken from over the body of St. Peter, in which is the plenitude of the Pontifical office witht he Axchiepiscopal appellation and privileges. That you may uac thorn here in your Church on certain duys, which days are named in tbe privileges granted to you by tho Holy See. In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Chost." Thus ended a very impressive ceremony. Father E^O'Haran had tho management of the preparations for the ccremonial, and acted as Master of the Ceremonies. The assisting clergy were—Deacon, Father Norton, and sub-deacon. Father McEvoy; Fathers WilliamB and Healey were on either side of the throne. The other assisting clergv were—The Revs. T. O'Brien (S.J), J. Herden, Dcetcb, Parsh, Lane, Lee, and Jorgcnaon. The Cardinal's scarlet robe, which was of great length, was upheld by four bearers. THE PALLIUM. The pallium, according to an authority, i& "a band of white wool worn on the shoulders. It has two strings of the same material and four purple crosses worked on it. It is worn by the Pope, and 86nt by him to patriarchs, primates, archbishops, and sometimes, though rarely, to bishops as a token that they possess the "fulness of the fepiseopal office.' Two lambs are brought annually to the Church of St. Agnes at Rome by the apostolic sub-deacons while the 'Agnus Dei' is bping Bung. The lambs are presented at tbe altar, and received by two canons of the Laterau Church. From a this wool the paliia are made by the nuns of t Toire de'Spece'ni. TLe su'> deacoas lay the pallia ou the t?;iab of S:. Pet ir, where they t remain ail night. A bishofi cannot, strictly c speakiDg, assume the title of patriarch, archbishop, &e.;, cannot convoke a Oounail, consecrate biehops, ordaia cierios, consecrate chrism or Churches till he has received the pall. Be i3 bcund if he is elected to a See of metropolitan or higher rank to beg the pallium from the Pope insianter, ingtantius, imsianiis.'ime withia three months after his consecration or from his contirmacioa, if he was already a Bishop, and has come to the Metropolitan see by translation. Meanwhile fce can depute auother liiahop to consecrate if he has in due time app'i^d for the p allium. He receives it from tae hinds of another Bishop delegated by the Pope after taking an oath cf obedience to the latter, aod wears it ou certiiu great feasts, a lut of which is gi 'en to the Pontiiical. He cacnot transmit ic to his sacaessor or wear it out of his own patrlarate province, &c.; If translated he must beg for another pallium. The pallium, or Daliia, if he has received more than one, are buried with the Bishop to whom they are givtn." The early history of the pallium is involved ia hopeless obscurity. We take the following facts from Chardon: —'"flist. deB Sacr.', torn, v., de l'Ordre, c. lx.' Pallium is the Latin name for the looEe upper garment of the Greeks. Among the Romans the use of the pallium was specially affected by philosophers, and afterwards by Christian ascetics. T^ro great cities, De Marca and Bituze, believed that the pallium was first giveu to Bishops as a mark of special dignity by the Emperors. It is true Pope Vilnius would not grant the pallium to AuxauiuB and Aureliaa, Archbishof.s of Aries, without tha Emperor's consent. Gregory the Great took the same precaution in granting it to Syagrius, Bishop of Autun. But Lii deference to the imperial will arose from the ditfisult circumstances of the time, and De ilanca admits that Gregory before he had been calumaiated to Maurice gave the pallium tj Vigilias of Aries without consultiog the Emperor. . . The pallium was an ornament of metropolitans given to them perhaps from early times by the patriarchs aud by the Popa ia that comparatively narrow district wuich was under his immediate supervision. Theu the Pope gave it to his vicars ia aistmtparts, then as a mark of special honour to eome Bis hops, then he required all western metropolitans to ask it from him before exercisins their functions as Archbishops; aud, finally, the ruie was extended even to Patriarchs." The Cardinal phesd the pillium upon the Atchbibhup's shoulders aud blessed his pastoral staff. The Archbishop then received the homage ot all the Bishops and clergy, and received the kis3 of peace. The prelates aud priests made their obeisances, aud khsed the Archbishop's riog. The Cardinal's Secretary read the briefs appointing Dr. Riynolds Archbishop. THE :,irs:c. This portion of the service was certainly of a more than ordinarily grand and imposing character, aud while taxing tha resources of the Cathedral Choir to the utmost, was splendidly rendered. Together with the St. Lawrence's Choir, several membsrs of both tli3 Philharmonic Society and the Adelaide Musical Association generously leut their valuable assistance. Mr. C. W. SummerfcayeB, the Cathedral organist, played a grand processional march at the time of the entrance of the Cardinal. Daring the celebration of Pontificial High Maes Haydn's " Sixteenth Mass" in B flat was rendered. This work, which has only beeu performed in South Australia ou two occisions, under the baton of Mr. Gordon, the Cathedral Choirmaster, abounds in solos, concerted numbers, and magnificent choruses, aud it is surprising that such a work should be only known to the Catholic Church. From the opening symphony iu the Kyrie to the last notes of the " Doua Nobis" Haydn has presented a composition every note of which conveys to the hearer in unmistakable language the supplication and praise of the worshippers. The Kyrie, consisting of an adagio movement leading up to a brilliant allegro fugue, closing with a repetition of the opening strains, was beautifully performed, Mies Carr (soprano). Miss Sic Dermott (alto), Messrs. Beriningham and Walters (tenor and bass) sustaining the solos, The "Gloria," au allegro three-quarter movement,'.and "Gratias,"' in common time, and the subsequent choruses still further revealed the solemn character of the devotions of the Catholic Church. The "Credo,' Sacctue," " Benedictus," *' Agnus Dai," " Dona Nobis," and Gregoriaa responses served to some- »£eodid orchestration and vocalization. The solos throughout the whole work were judiciously distributed, the Misses Briggs (2), McDermott, and Carr and Mesdames Proctor and Forrester sus- i taining the alto aud soprano, and Messrs. Walters, O'Brien, James, Birmingham, Hack, and O'Sullivau tenori and bassi. The choir and orchestra, numbering nearly fifty, gave a most effective rendering of this difficult music*. The orchestra included several of the leading instrumentalists of the city, ably led by Mr. A. C. Quia. The cfltrtorium, " Sub tuum presidium," adapted to the music of Millard's celebrated " Ave Verum," was sung by Miss Nellie O'Sullivau in a style which eminently displayed the devotional sentiment of the work. The must prominent feature of the orchestration was the beautiful introduction to the " Bi ni dictuB," in which the strings played Ihoir parts most artistically. l'Jtc orchestra was made up as follows:— First violins, Messrs. Quin, Schrader, aud Chapman; sccond viohus, Messrs. Gargaro aud Lewis ; viola, Ucrr Kiehty; double bass, Jltrr Ficbig ; clarionet, Messrs. Weber and Heath; cornets, Messrs. Dull and Grant; horns, Messrs. Sparblcr and Gardner; trombones, Messrs. Pappin and Snelling; tympani, Mr. G. Gardner. The performance of a work of this character must have come to South Australians as a revelation of the music -which is commonly parformed in the Catholic Churches in other cities. Its grandeur aad devotional style must have been intensely affecting to members of other denominations who had not previously heard such a powerful incentive to worship. It is intended by the authorities of the Cathedral to make strenuous exertions towards carrying out the practice common in other countries, in which the service on the first Sunday of each month is marked by the celebration of solemn High Mass with full choral and orchestral accompaniment, such as was presented on this occasion. In order to carry out this intention the choir will be largely augmented, aud doubtless many of our best choristers will be attracted by the excellent music which will be rendered. The work of training a choir composed largely of choristers unaccustomed to the music of tbe Church, and especially to such difficult music as this Massof Haydn's, was undertaken by Mr. W. Gordon. The success which he achieved could only result from a thorough knowledge of the music, coupled witu ths spirit of a musician. Never before in the history of the Church in this colony haa this important portion of the service beeu presented in such aa imposing manner, and Mr. Gordon is to be highly complimented up jn the manner in wliich he carried out His duties. After the Investiture the procession was reformed, and the Cardinal and prelates returned to Bishop's Court. In the evening Archbishop C*rr gave benediction, aud the Cathedral was crowded. THE SERMON. After the investiture Bishop Moran, of Duneaio, preached, taxing as his .text Matthew xvi. 13 to 19. The Bishop said he came tospeaa upon a Bolemu occasion aud upon an important subject, bringing the minds of his hearers to dwell upon many important events. The Saviour at the period when He put the questions to His disciples was passing through a period of HIB life when He had been much misunderstood aud much maligned, and when the miuds of men were perplexed with questions aa to who He was. He had been ministering to the people, and had performed stupendous miracles, and there were perplexing opinions concerning Him. He was solicitous for tae good of the people, and He Bought to bring their minds to the sourc9 of truth. It wa9 Simon Peter who gave the true answer, snd he receivid his inspiration from the Holy Ghost, therefore Chirst gave him a threefold promise, and be was made the foundation of the Church. The Church depended upon unity, and it was necessary that it should be in accord and communion. Peter was made the legislator aad the administrator of the Church. The Church had ever been a teaching institution; it taught as Christ taught, and would be a teaching institution for all time, and in making Peter the foundation the Lord bestowed upon him the office of teacher of the people. He waa an infallible teacher, and he received the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, When our gracious Queen entered the City of Loudon the Mayor sent her the keys of the city, and Peter in being made the recipient of the keys of Heav-sn was placed in the position of one with sovereign I.owtr iu the Church as the Queen was in the city. To make that power more apparent the Lord * aid, " Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be tound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be locsed in heaven." Peter was therefore the supreme head; what be did received the ratification cf Huaven. The Church must therefore teach the truth. The doctrine of the Trinity here formed the subject of the Bishop's discourse, and he proceeded next to speak of the extensive influence of the Roman Catholic Church, remarking upon the progress made in this country during the last aalf-ceatury, adding that iu the past the strength of the Church consisted in its unity, so it must in the future. He referred to he See of Rome as the fountain-head, aud pointed out the principles upon which he Influence of the Church was based. Iu onclusion, he said that in the ceremony that day performed waa furnished on example of the unity of the Roman Catholic Church, prelates from the various colonies having assembled to take part in a ceremonial which signified much, and he congratulated the Archbishop upon the high place he had attained in the Hierarchy of the Church. He congratulated the Archbishop from his heart upon bis well-earned promotion, and he trusted that he might live long to carry out the duties of his high office, and have a career of usefulness aud happiness, and he prayed God to graut him health and strength to exercise his power for the good of his people and the Church. This closed the proceedings, and the procession being reformed the Cardinal and Bishops left the Cathedral. H1S GRACE ARCHBISHOP REYNOLDS. 