IN AND ABOUT THE CITY. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide. May 8. 1887. There ia aouie little flutter in the "aooial dove-cotes "-and these of course are only found in the very highest circles: never have an existence among any families spending less than, say, £Lo00 a year-as to the way in which Hia Excellency Sir William Cleaver Robinson will manage to eonduot the Bocial observances at the Viqe-Regal residence in the absence of Ladv Robinson. The etiquette of the case demands the presence of the hostess, and the ladies who will have to do " awfully " loyal things in connection with the jubilee at Government House are in a terrible perplexity. They do not say muoh-except in the strictest confidence j but they Bhow their grief at the prolonged absence of her ladyship in a way that ia, to say the least of it, remarkable. Let us hope that the genial Sir William will so arrange that the difficulty will be got over at an early date. The Jubilee arrangements, as you probably are aware, include a children s demonstration, and Mr, J. H, Angas-tha wealthiest man in South Australia, perhaps, next to old Mr, Gray, Reedbeda--had undertaken to present each child with a copy of the Bible, with a copy of the Queen's autograph in it, Now, when the request for permission waB made, Her Majesty declined to grant it j and there seemed indeed nothing for it but to copy the example of the sister colony of Victoria-use the signature without obtaining permission, But tne very exalted nobleman wno undertook to prefer the prayer to the Queen, was not, content) he made a second and more emphatic appeal, and ventured to inform our sovereign lady that tha request was made for a colony where tho local laws had the effect of refusing to allow the Bible to ba read in the public sohools. In the language 9i s&wligiQM; "thMj fetched j and so the benignant permission was given, Your Rev, Mr, Nicholson may sit down ana rejoice over this little incident; one more fact to help forward the movement in which he worked so hard and so earnestly a few years ago to secure Bible reading in public schools, # 1 he news from Cradock of a veritable ghost is enlivening the spiritualists and irritating the oredulous bravely. There ia u Bplendid revival of old- fashioned ghost stories round the Bupper tables and in the restaurants, and some ol the narrations would have made your gossip's in . 8^.anc' oa end " if there had been only a sufficient number of individual hairs to have made a show, (The fact of there not being enough tor keeping each other in countenance rrL demonstration I) jlama" cannot arrange for a joint jubilee demonstration, "Some are of Paul Tt80{lle Apollos," and the difficulties ate not to be overcome with only a limited supply TUoh ° rJ y ,^ove available, The excellent HI u? -»*®npjon does not see why he should not have all the people worth knowing " At laf 1 y°?i1S WeBtniinster Abbey at North Ade« IT!,"1,8 average denominations were willing m,T u " a.,b)K thanksgiving service at the iown Hall, all but the Baptists, who for con« scientioua reasons could not associate with persons who were not up to a set standard of evangelical belief; and so the matter of union has fallen through, But though much split Up tne demonstration promises to be an enormous f , .,fot th}0 little colony j it will, however, raaRl,° niass movement, The creation of Dr, Reynolds, OathoHo istshop of Adelaide, into an Archbishop, has incited a discussion as to possible difficulties in the way of ecclesiastical precedence in future public demonstrations, One very rash person ventured in my presence to assert that as re* garded the Press of Adelaide he would bet a farthing cake he could predict the lead of the Vn 8J or at)y rft^e> one section. Being challenged he unhesitatingly gave it as his opinion that the section he referred to would B've the A.H.B. the premier position, but the other paper, having more distinct " views," and a conscience higher than trade dollars, w a Pu';, the Bishop first-with an apology 1 I Sunday s rainfall has done more to convert to optimism than all Ignatius Singer's tall talk to Sunday afternoon audiences in the Botanio Garden, People are now beginning to dream of fat kine coining up and swallowing the lean kme->a much more satisfactory feeding ar« rangement than that superintended by the Patriarchal vision, Seven fat years to come and make this a land of Goshen 1 We rub our hands in delighted anticipation, the while buckling our waist-belts a trifle more severely to conquer present sense of hunger and priva« tion, "Ah, the great future 1" If there was not always a something to look forward to, there would truly be many persons willing to take a loan of Miss Paynter's mysteriously* procured bottle of stryohnine, By the way, I do not quite understand all the proceedings at the Paynter inquest« but at this distance that which can be understood seems clearly to point to further proceedings, if the police authorities have but sufficient " nous,' Gould there have been an incitement to suicide, a feeding the mind on the one thought until that thought dominated, and made the rest of the career only too plain I If so, is there no room for assignment of moral if not of legal guilt ? The Salvation Armyista are anticipating an era of persecution, Mr, Ootton alleges that Mr, Ford, the lessee of the York Hotel, ap« pears to take the same lively interest in the proceedings of the Army now he is in Adelaide that he did whilst in Glare, In those days the Army had warm times of it, and as a conse* quence grew strong: persecution developed sympathy j in these days of quiet and peace the Glare contingent is very, very weak, and oan scarcely maintain a footing In the muni> cipality. But Mr. Ford says he was not at) Glare in those days 1 But, at any rate, having Bet the police and municipal machines in motion in Adelaide, he is unwittingly helping the salvation Army to secure that publio sympathy which of late they have somewhat laoked, The hotel-keeper may feel a little sore at A threatened injury to his bar traffic, and very naturally, for in such days as these £20 .to £30 per night-or any considerable sum short of £30--over the oounter for "refreshments" is not to be sacrificed without an effort to warn off the Army, So far as I see the workers in the temperance reform in the city mainly confine themselves to the Bands of Hope ana Blue Ribbon move* menta, _ One never hears much of the South Australian Alliance, in reference to whioh all operations seem to be conducted so quietly as not to come " into printbut I am told that the educative and political work have resulted in the fact that a majority of the members of the House of Assembly just elected favors the principle of local option, or as I think it might better be termed, the people's option, Last year the strength of the party in the House was 15 members out of 52 j now say 80 or 32 out of 52. The tradesmen complain of terrible duluesa in trade, and some of them find it a difficult} matter to confine their attention strictly to the business of sleeping when they go to bed at night, They declare they do not " know what is to be the end of it all." As I write this concluding paragraph, I have to note that Miss Edith O'Gorman, the escaped nun (real present name as a married lady Mrs. Edith O'Gorman Anffuay, who had, a monster attendance in the Town Hall last night), is drawing a large concourse of " women oaly" for an afternoon lecture. What may be the nature of the revelations to be made we can only surmise, All I know is that the sex that is by nature and habit condemned to wear bifurcated garments, is rigidly excluded ; indeed, I do not question if the beadle of the hall should have to be called in he will be compelled first to don a suite of petticoats and an improver. Singularly enough, whilst South Australian Protestantism is being revived by the adven turous escapee, the lame, blind, deaf, and cureless are flocking in thousands around the triumphal glass and brass bier- of Madame Duflot, the French-Canadian doctress. So Adelaide is just now doubly blessed. Of the twain, my impression is that Madame draws in the dollars the quickest-say ten to one. Marvellous cures are reported ; marvellous is the quickness with which she scoops in the silver. I've not seen a more refreshing sight for many a day during these very hard years than that of the uplifted hats in the dense throng, each freighted with 8s. 6d. in coin, held out with feverish eagerness for " une botel ov meedecen, une boxe ov de peells, et une boxe ov de salve, vhat you call it-de oint ment." One gets cheered : there's money in the oolony yet I Madame, in addition to her many wonderful qualities, is - unquestionably generous, She advertises magnificently by her proclaimed gifts, and by the (left and right hands perfeotly understanding one another I) benefactions she makes publicly to some of the poor people whom she gratuitously heals, 