An Extraordiaajy Ghost Story. The following story was told fey Mr. Butler, a barrister, of London, tt> Lady " Blomfield :—Mr. Butler, when a boy at Harrow, contracted a most intimate friendship with another lad^'^They worked, they walked, they played together; and in order still more solemnly to emphasise their friendship, they one day cut a hole in each other's arm, and signed a paper each in the other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of his decease After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw very little of each other. Their lives lay far apart; the friend went out to India. Mr. Butler to Oxford, and then to the English Bar. An eager correspondence was main tained at first, bat as years rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boyish friendships will. One wintiy day Mr. Bntler, oppressed by business, worried and overworked, felt the necessity of a breath of countiy air, and cold as it was deter mined to run down to that com fortable little inn, the Wheatsheaf (by Virginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlor the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, and yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him. He got up pre sently, under pretence of re-lighting his pipe, and passed before the window to examine the face more closely. It re minded him of something, he knew not what—of some one. Yes, it suddenly flashed across his mind that was the face, not of the boy he had known so well, but of a man such as that boy might have grown into, such as he pro bably would be now (though Mr. Butler had not seen him. for years). Disturbed by his sudden re-awakening of old recollections, Mr. -Butler spoke to the landlord. 'There's a man look i ing in at the window,3 said he. ' Im possible; sir,' -was the reply. * That window only looks into the court, and the gate of that was shut half an hour ago. The face had disappeared. Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rsst—a strange haunting sense of uneasiness took possession of him .; once more he rose to his feet. ' It is stifling in here/ he said. ' I must go out; I cannot breathe.' 'You had better not, sir,' said the landlord, as he opened the door; ' there's a keen east wind blowing, and you'll catch you death of cold.' Now, the Wheat sheaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Butler, stepping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night—and as be gazed the darkness seemed to grow and gather itself together, deepening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the .mouth of a funnel, and as be watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from with in by lamps, and as the train ap proached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. One had the other by the throat, and was forcing him backwards toward the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might, when sud denly the door of the carriage flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler's feet. Then, bending over the man, Mr. Butler looked into his face, and,J be hold ! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the window, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before! And again, even as he looked, the face had melted into the air, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disap peared, .and he-stood alone there by water's edge, in the deep, dark wintry nights With a cry of horror he stag gered back into, the house, and in answer to the landlord's anxious en quiries said—" I am ill—evidently in a high state of fever—delirious. It won't do for me to be laid up here. I must go back to town as fast as I can." And, late as it was he went off to the Btation, and back by the last train to London. The next morning Mr. Butler awoke, somewhat refreshed by his excursion, in spite of unpleasant associations connected therewith. He found waiting him some interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were forgotten. Two days later however they were recalled to his recollection when walking in Piccadilly he saw on the other side of the way a gentleman whom he had slightly known in former days as being a brother of his schoolboy friend. Mr. Butler crossed over to him at once. ' What news of Arthur T he enquired. .'Bad news,' said the other gravelv. ' Dead V said Mr. Butler. A melancholy shake of the head was the only reply. ' Killed ? thrown ont of a railway train 1' con tinued he excitedly. 'Too true,' re turned the brother, regarding him with undisguised astonishment. ' Bait how on earth do you'know % We only received the telegram from Jndia this morning? " How is this for high T Prom a tower 537 feet high a colossal atatue of William Penn is to gaze down upon Philadelphia. The sculptor is Alexander Calder. The statue will be 37'feet high." From such a height Peon should have an inkling of Heaven. "Jones made a convincing speech," said one young man to another. " Why do you think bo?" " WpII, when I went to hear him I had almost jnade up my mind to vote against hiia. When Xoame out I was certain of it." ' - • * ' Wife(witoesanjrthe play, "Ten Nights in a Bar-room") ."what a terribl<5cnrse mm is, John !" Husband (feelingfor his bat) t " Awful—awful! finch a play as this ongbt to point -a moral of incalculable good." Wife: "Where are you gping,vJohn?" Husband: " I'm going out to see a man." . A MtrscuLAB Schoolmistress.—A teacher had been troubled last summer by young men too olcl to go to school, but just old enough to hang around the schoolhouse at the noon recess, make love to the girls, and keep their attention and interest anywhere but on their studies. One of them bad done considerable boasting as to the teacher's ina bility to prevent htm from doing anything he wanted to. The other day, however, lie prolonged his call just,one minute too long, and seeing the teacher coming he slipped behind the door, intending to make his escape as Boon as the lady, had passed in. It needed but one, glance to show the teacher thateomething was up. She drew, forward the door, seized the culprit by the shoulder, and the way he shot through the door apa landed on the ground outside furnished a. theme for discussion in the district for a week. Smart young men keep away from that schoolhouse now, and do their courting elsewhere. ' The Chinese-claim to have discovered th&, art of sneezing, and to have practised, it 2,000'yearabefore any other nation caught on. . We always thought the Chinese were up to snuff;.. When a girl says just " no" there may be some brightness io the future, but when she says " I will always feel like a sister toward you," it's time to hunt up a clothes line and a good substantial cross beam, and £o hang. 