THE VALLEY OF SOÛLS. According to the Hindoo tradition there exista beneath the earth-, in the second circle of inferior heavens, beyond the reach of the sunlight an immense valley, half shrouded in obscurity. The bluish foliage of its trees, glimmers beneath a phosphorescent light ; ita planta, rigid and angular in form, are but crystallizations of different colors, and bear blossoms of jewels, umbels of garnet, topaz, and amethyst, such aa one might see in a kaleidoscope, and which reflect in their prismatic facets the strange blue glow of the trees. In the midst of this lunar twilight all is silent. One hears no song of birds, no hum of bees-the earth is unequal to the susten- ance of any living creature. Even the voice of the trees is staled beneath the" motionless I foliage. j A hage lake which supplies neither spring nor stream occupies the base of the valley it flus the sDenoa with no sound of melodious and splashing waters ; it holds but a thick : film of whits vapors, which lave without wetting the edges of the shore and the base of i the promontories, or rise and float like a veil of lawn about the lake's enchanted island. Motion is not, however, entirely lacking in thia silent spot-as a drapery flutters in the breeze, so here and there the placid surface of the lake flatters, and its calm is broken by silvery ripples. Here and there along the waves glide strange forma-so vague that they seem part of the lake itself. Tet still their shadowy outlines suggest human forms, dimly visible thron sh the veil of mist which surrounds them. Their anus and shoulders destitute of flesh and muscle are faint in contour ; no trace of hair shades their brows; their bloodless faces, which neither mirth nor sorrow oas alter, hold nevertheless some ex- pression. Their eyes are barely suggested the places where the eyes should be show but dark stains, which send forth only the phan- toms of intelligent ri gard-their shrunken lips wan and drawn, which can never open until the supreme command releases their silence, suffice by their form to show the difference in the sexes. * Once risen from the lake, these ahadea of men and women wander along its Bhorea, or lie upon the banks where, through their diaphanous bodies, one may see the earth on which they rest, phsteniog with ita flowers of onyx and topaz, whose petals do not even bend braeath their weird barden. . Sometimes, their elbows resting upon the ground, their heads bowed upon their banda, these spectres seem to dream. 0! what staff ara their dreams ? Perhaps of their past existence ; perhaps ol the existence the future holde for them. For in this valley sojourn those scala who are destined to a new experience of earthly life. After having been judged by the terrible and incorruptible Yama, at once the Minos and Plato of the Hindoo underworld, after having aeeompoli-hsd their time of torture or delight according as on earth they had lived in vice or virtue, it is in thia spot that, nitrified by their expiation or recompensed foi the courage displayed in their struggle, equal henceforth in the eyes of Indra, the god ol heaven, their peace made with Brahma, thc all-powerful creator, with Shiva, the all powerful destroyer and regenerator, the] await the advent into the warld of an infam into whose body they must?ffect their trana migration. One day, Cbiira-Goupti. the angel o emerald hue, along wir se three taira o shoulders are ranged six pairs of powerfu winga, came in his capacity aa Prime Mini ster of Yama, to arrange for the transmigra tion of the souls. Before the diamom pertala by which the valley ia entered be en countered the goddess Scbitala. the protect ress of children born or to be born. The ange Gfaitra- Goupta frowned sa he beheld hei for in the goddess he recognized a powerfc rival. " Are you again here with your complaît inga," said he, " and still asking aa for you charges those gifts which only the great god themselves can fceEtow 1" '.' I have nothing more to ask," answere Scbitala, "from Brahma I have obtain« whit I desired for the happiness of the entii human race, and am here to signify his con maud." " Whai do yon proposa to do, and is it ( be done?" "Listen, Gonpta, and be proud to secos me in my great and holy undertaking. Mai aa you know, has nearly always something i complain of in his earthly lot. Would ye \- know why ? It ia because too of ten his sot abiding in a body not reade for ita dwellin place, is forced to endure conditions whit are in opposition to ita instincts. HereatK instructed in advance of ita future destin the soul will ba given the privilege of accep lng or rejecting this envelop of flesh with which it mast accomplish its mission. Tb ia the prayer which I have addressed i Brahma, and which he his granted." The Minister of Yama gave vent to auch burst of laughter that his six paira of win beat together against bia three pair of ahoi ders, and .several seconds passed before 1 could regain his speech. At length he cvi came his hilarity. "Are you dreaming, mother? Brahr himself, overcome by foe perfumes of Caro lat«, or by the a weet cordial of Armitam. mt have been dreaming when ho made such promise. By the flamea of Hades, I am i dined to believe he was amusing himself your expense." In reply, Schitale drew from beneath t scarlet mantle the decree eent forth Brahma, carefully enwrapped in leaves lotus and couacha, and handed it to Goop as the diamond doors swung open of the: selves before the two angels. " Corsea upon man ! the world is corni to an end," murmured Goupta, sighing í deeply that all the fragilt phantoms of i lake were blown towards the further sho as the foam of the sea is blown before 1 breath ot the tempest ; " to make man 1 I own maater, to have him to accept or rej his future destiny ! Too much charity 1 made you foolish, old mother; hereafter shall have no more souls to supply, excepi the children of the rich aad powerful. ' fore a half century has psised, kings will bom without people to gowan, and the bri rains will preach in the desert." " Lat us try," said the goddess. " It ia well, since it is your wish and Br ma's decree." After thoroughly mastering the significa of the divine order, the emerald angel, sci what re-assured, approached the lake, c suited his register, and than in sonor tones called in tum six souls, giving each surname he had borne on earth. At tba uti ance of each name the waves trembled, a li bubbling manifested itself on some point the lake's silver smoothness, then a alu slowly rising from hia vapory couch gai the shore. When he saw around him all the six gether, Chitra-Goupta informed them the degree of Brahma, and impressed u them the one reatriction which they n understand. " By a refusal to beaome at once the ioho ant of the body pra-destined for him, soul would lose 1Ù3 cannes of life, and n remain as many years longer io thia valle shadows aa he might otherwise have lived among the world of men." Ih:3 was the clause which had re assured Chitra Ganpta about the conséquences of the decree. The first soul called was that of an old dervish, who had left in Mysore the memory of a life foll of holy self-denial aa well as the most piona mortification of the flesh. " Yoa," said the angel, " shall be born in the midst of an honest mercantile family, whose Uvea run in a groove equally separ- ated from the honors which bring care to the mind aa from the troubles which rob it of its strength. Rejoice 1" "Rejoice doubly," said Scbitala, "for, sweetly lulled in the sunshine of your mother's caresses, yon shall escape the corruptions of tbe the world, and still enveloped in the robes of innocence you shall die an infant. This time you shall gain the prize of victory with- out the straggle of combat." " To die an infant," replied the old dervish; " what ! to put my lipa to the brim of the cup and have no power to drink even half it holds 1 to see once more the doors of life open to me, and pause upon the threshold 1 Better were it not to be bom. I have tasted the joys of heaven, now I wooli know those of earth. I will weit." And with a gesture of refusal, the dervish plunged into the lake. "The cid fool has become perverted in heaven," said Chitra-Goupta, shrugging hia three paira of shoulders. " Can it be possible that extreme virtue aa well as vice occasions remorse ?" murmured Sohitalo, grown pensive. Sonia 2 Another soul took the place of the dervish. Chance, or it may be destiny, sometimes pleases itself by bringing together strange contrasta. Thia soul waa that of a bayadere, who bad delighted all Benares by her grace- ful and voluptuous dancing. She had even figured brilliantly in tbe ceremonies of the temple, where, in Bpite of her eccentric beha- viour, she had the protection of the priests daring her lifetime end, perhaps, after death the indulgence of the gods. She approached lightly-almosfin a bound-the divine pair, who were seated upon a rock of malachite veined with gold. " You shall be beautiful," said tha messen- ger of Yama, " and because of your beauty you shall become the wife of a rich nabob, who will cast all his treasures at your feet, to gratify your lightest caprice. Rejoice." j The soul of the bayadère seemed to tremble, as if in excess of joy ; she east a rapid glance about her, upon the snobbery of jade and tur- quoise, upon all the rieh jewels which formed the floral embelliabmenta of the valley, think- ing, no doubt, that she would find similar ones on earth with which to adorn herself. Necklaces, bracelets, and girdles should be hers, and jewels Bhould hang in clusters from the ends of her jong and fiowinghair. Never- theless, before giving her final acceptance, ehe asked: " Will he be young, thia rieh nabob whom I am to wed?" "He will be three times your age; but that is nothing. Rejoice; for after be has loaded you with gifts, he must die. He will leave you mia treas of a colossal fortune, free to choose a new husband, and this second one. shall be young and noble of co antenanee." « Shall I bear him children?'' " Both your husbands-the young as well as the old-must leave yon childless." The bayadere's countenance fell ; her look of desolation waa pitiable. "Chfldlesal" she repeated; still thia dis- honor !" And turning abruptly away, she disappeared, faltering : '* To live without the joy of maternity is no life." The emerald angel looked at the benevolent goddess with a mocking smile. "There," said he, "ia a refaeal you certainly did not anticipate, good mother. An old husband to make her rich and to grant all her wishes ; a young one to gratify her tastes. It is not easy to understand this. Is your sex still capricious, even in this empire of ghosts ?'* " If the tree accursed with barrenness could speak, Goupta, you would have ita answer. ' Sterility is dishonor.' For woman the case fe even more dreadful.' Brahma the divine, by an ineffable gift, decreedfrom the first day of the world's existence, to share with wo- man the faculty of creating- Almost from ber cradle abe thrills with an aspiration to maternity. Even yet an infant ia she already a mother. Poor bayadère 1 I understand her refusal." " Very well," replied Chitra-Goupta, " bu in the meantime we run the risk cf not find ing a soul who wishes to leave this valley. -We have tried without success, the old der- vish and tho young bayadère-now let ns undertake the case of this whilom prince, who but lately clung to the hopeless longing for rank and power. Ambition, thirst for glory, are the moving impulses of his class : thia time, I am sure of acceptance," and with' a gesture he called to him the soul whose tum had come. "Rejoice," cried Goupta, aa the shade ap- proached, "rejoice: and thank the gods you shall be king." " King !" replied the soul with a shudder. " In the olden times it was to a degree en- durable-to-day the position ia a sad and cruel one. To make one'a-self the*fexecationer of one's own family, for the parpóse of stand- ing well ber???i his people; to merit the chaBtiaemer; ' heaven, and the contempt of men-only : become at last the vassal or prisoner cf t: ?. European invaders. What a fate ! My n; ¡.-le, the powerful sovereign of Deccan, forced me to bom oat my eyes that his people should not think me unworthy to succeed him. And he died-how ? The humble dependent of the English king 1 Better were it to be born In the humble cabin of a pariah than on the golden stepa that lead to the throne of Demi." "There la more danger than I believed, since even kings decline the offer," murmured the minister of Yama. " We are only half way yet," pleaded Scbitala, " let us go on." Of the two souls who followed, one waa offered the body of a banker not too scrupu- lous in his method of acquiring wealth, and who, gaining fortune, should at the same time fall a victim to a serious illness, BO that he could bat rarely leave a bed of pain. The other waa destined to enter the body of a laborer, whose out-door life would give him the inestimable blessing of health and strength. " To be," said one, " at the same time in health and adversity ! What ia that but to possess a good stomach only as an abiding place for the demon of hanger ? " " Wealth and suffering," quoth the other, " a mantle of gold flung upon the shoulders of a corpse." And both refused. "What have you to say now, Scbitala ? " asked the emerald angel with an air of triumph. " Do you still think it wise and jost to instruct men concerning the fate life holds for them, and to leave them free to choose or reject their new birth ?. With this state of things, I repeat, the land would soon be depopulated. Thanks to the imprudent prayer you have addressed to Brahms, there are already upon earth five poor mothers be- wailing the loss of their atill-born infanta." Seeing the good Schitala covered with shume and bowing her head in silence, he added : " Heed me, Schitala, let us go no farther for the last soul left us to consult will surely, and with reason this time, return at once to the lake." Opening his book, he prepared to draw a line through the six namsa written therein, bet the remaining soul, finding herself alone, did sot await his summon?, and silently ap- proached the block of malachite. By her mournful step, her drooping head, one could plainly read that the memories of her life awoke within her breast only Ead and melancholy impressions. Thia was the ghost of a poor, girl of Lahor, who hart in ¡ita a grievous lot to endure. Far removed from the pleasures which rank, fortune, and poorer present, she had been the sole support of an ?ged and helpless ai other. When, at last, Adisano, the God of Unhappiness, had seemed placated hy her resignation, and love, with its promises of happiness and consolation smiled upon her, her wedding morning shone upon her dead-poisoned by a venomous ser- pent. " Poor creature ! Ton are fatally pre-des tined," murmured the angel. "I cannot say to you as to the others, ' Rejoice 1' I cannot offer you in your new life anything but pain and privation. These'two eouls who but now ' were before me refused their transmigration because they could not possess both health and fortune-for you I can promise neither the one nor the other. You mu3t endure both poverty and suffering. Do you accept life at such a price? Decide." The shade, making no motion toward the lake, stood silent and attentive, as if in hope that some further revelation might soften the cruelty of the words she had already listened to. "Alas! alas!" said in turn good Schitala profoundly touched with pity, " profit by the gift of Brahma, dear soul; not only through the continued failing of your health shall ad- versity pursue yon, but after years of inces- sant and fruitless toil, grown feeble and and broken, you must exhaust the remains ol your strength in caring for your invalid hus- band." The young sod started. " This husband at whose side I must pass my future* life in toil, trouble, and illness-will he love me?" " Yes, bat no you alone. A rival shall be preferred before you ; from the ashes of youl happiness, barely known before it fades away shall come to you new agony-new aufferin( mora heavy to endure than all the rest. Yot will be jealous." "But I shall love him, then ?" " You will love him." "Unto the end." " Yes, unto the end ; for alone of all hi wives you will follow him to the fiery heart o his funeral pile." " Blessed be the name of Brahma ! I wool live." To this cry of love, this passionate exprès sion of devotion and self- sacrifice the cold am silent valley, found a responsive echo; th trece ware shaken from their immobility, th phospherescent lights ana the di»mon flowers shone with redoubled brilliancy, an all the phantoms dwelling in the shadow depths of the lake rose to the surface to wav to their companion a gestare of farewel Bat already the benevolent goddess ha clasped beneath her purple mantle the poe tender sou), while Cbitra-Goupta, spreadin swiftly his six pairs of wings, took his fligl to the seventh superior heaven, to seek froi Indra, the high god, the annulment i Brahma's decree. Indra revoked the decree ; bat on the pagi of his golden book he wrote the name cf tl young girl ot Labor, and underneath-tl name of Bayadère. 