«8hort» Sharp, SbJay.' More 1MB. LeebtekOi Grand rakur. Farmers jubilant. 'Harbor Lighfe.' Betting on Beach, Our loan a Bucoesa. Splendid downpour. The rainfall ReneraL Cunard's still running. Ameer's troops routed: Mr. E. S. Packs killed, Nice rains in the country. imperial Conference over. . Mattineon the new leader. Levee on Queen's Birthday. More rain, more confident*. Heavy floods in the interior. Beach and Hanlan matched. Parliament meets on June 2. Imperial Conference shut up. Sad loss of life in Melbourne* Delegates at Windsor Castle. A ppcret treaty come to li^fbt. No Federal Council until 1888. Farmers ' all smiling andgay. A strong company at the RoyaL Chief Secretary gone to Victoria* ' Watchman, what of the night r' Another banquet to the delegates. Butterine resembles potted butter. Preaching by telephone at'WilsoD. James Grant, the novelist, is^ead. Alluvial matters quiet at Teetulpa, Crops and feed growing splendidly. Hartmgton accuses the Paxnellites. Showers of addresses to the Queen. Our Government Geologist injured: The interior must Be a big lake nowt Terrible railway acci3enfrin Victoria* Another old colonist has passed: swe^. Arrival of sharpers for the Exhibition. Kidnapping natives in the SouthSeas, A stock exchange formed in Adelaide. Mr. Bonnin is surprised at Mr. Moule. The Queen congratulates the delegates. The Yanyarrie ghost has been exposed. Good reports from the country districts. ' No opium, no gambling, no bad words.' Russia and Austria understand «ach other. Government considering Estimates already. The prospects of agood.season are-cheering. Broirae Island Guano Company 'shuffles off.' The unemployed difficulty in Sydney at an end. Daw, Mr. Hamdorf, what is your explana tion? Henceforth betting in Francs will be truly official, Bishop Goe co-operating with other denomi nations. Interest in Australian mines reviving in Loukra. Dr. Gockburn denies having changed his opinions. Pauperism in Ireland increased 60 per cent, last year. So far we have experienced splendid rains this year. Sadrailway accident ; simple txplaoation of the cause. The Port Darwin jetty is a magnificent Etractnre. Tree-planting offered to the unemployed at EapuBrja, That 'haunted house' mystery is a mystery no' longer. The Tonga outrages hare come before: the. . Commons. \ In' Sydney the Chinese have established a ' Y.J&€KA-. The hearts of the farmers are again! gladdened. A lot of stuff by the mail steamer for the Exhibition. A South Australian scholar taking medals at Edinburgh. The Catholic Monthly iamngh. on i&ie; 'Es caped Nun.' Last month there were 134 failures in' New South Wales. Sir Samuel wants moss people producing from the soiL Fancy a pony carrying 14 st. 2 1b. in » fialf* mile flat race. Fatal accident on the German steamer. Hobenzollem. Good specimenB secured from the Ironclad reef, Tee tulpa. 'Harbor Lights' was well received at tfee Theatre Eoyal. The Northern Territory Government Resi dent is with uu. Anether railway blander— lihis time on the Exhibition line. Mr. F. C Singleton has gone over to the great majority, Surveyor-General inspecting south eastern drainage works. Mr. von Doussa appeals against Mr. Bed deme'e decision. A patent beer extractor would be useful at the police station. A Melbourne constable told a thrilling lie, and lost hiB billet. A Hng fish swallowed a bottle containing a mesrape of these* An epidemic has- broken' cut among- horses near South Graf ton. Beach p the favorite in the coming sculling match with Hanlan. Mr. B..T. Smith entertained -by the Mel bourne City Council. Th& Chinese Commissioners attend Lady Carrington's at home. Foreign representatives for the Jubilee Ex hibition stall arriving. Deficiency in New Zealand for the past financial year £92,000. The steamer Orizaba takes home 960 cases of oranges from Sydney. The Sydney labor delegate gives bis opinions in no mincing fashion, Mr, J. Norton formed a low opinion of the Englieb trades unions. Native dogs are numerous and troublesome in the Temora district. If England doesn't soon interfere in Afghani' stan, the BuBsians will. The pastoral industry is mating headway in the Northern Territory. Oxford has appliances for printing books in 150 different languages. Kemp and Mattorson going to pull 'each other' on the Paramatta. A beautiful model sent out by the P. ft O» Company for Exhibition. Bents collected from the SmiHie tenants to be invested in the colony. Heads of departments have been requested to suggest retrenchments. Is Lord Bandolph Churchill numbered among the ' smaller fry V Archbishop Beynolds to have a parse of sovereigns and an address. Messrs. Catt, Kingston, and Borgoyne the payment of members trio. Will Leather's patent beer extractor extract the liquor from inebriates? Cultivation in the Northern Territory should now make immense BtrideB. The noise of Mr. Ford's carpenters was too much for Champagne Lee. ? George,' the British champion, defeated Myers, the American flyer. Mr. Cosmo Newbery, the well -known analytical chemist, injured. Estimated that 36,000 square miles of land under water near BirdsviHe. Articles signed for a match between Beach and Hanlan for £500 aside. James Grant, whose works delighted thou sands of schoolboys, is dead. General Wong Yung Ho and U. Tsing are highly intelligent mandarins. Gratifying difference between rainfall in April, 1S86, and April, 1867. The Hon. J. White has won about £70,000 in stakes on the colonial turf. ? The new loan successfully floated ; average nearly £2 above the m?nitifinmT Alma mine turned out 386 ounces of gold last month, and 371 in March. Four hundred pounds per foot cash refused for land in King William street. Was it a jealous and disappointed lover who tried to poison a wedding party ? Mr. F. A. Ebsworth is the new assistant aceonntanr. of the Savings Bank. The Biver Diamantina higher than it has bee n known to be for many years. The Jersey Lily, Mrs. Langtry, is once again eaid to be about to visit Australia, Mr. Parsons collected 600 plants of various kinds whilst travelling in the East. Menotti, bred by Sir T. Elder, won the Git nhuntly Handicap on Saturday. When do the new members meet again to discuBS the tariS revision question ? Lord Carrington must feel proud of some of the legislators of the mother colony. Mr. Singleton will be sadly missed by the members of the Legislative Council. With a taking uniform the volunteer force would be the strongest in the colony. Out of the 600,000 people in New Zealand 120,000 are under fifteen years of age. Sad end of Mr. Frank White.. Jumped from the yacht Sunbeam into the sea. Collector Paltridge received £5,000 last week from the tenants on the Smillie estate. Chinese. CommifBioners made honorary members of the Sydney Reform Club. The Northern Territory mineral trophy will be ope of the sights of the Exhibition. Sir Graham Berry advocating a threepenny post between England and the colonies. Statistics show that in the whole of Europe the women have a majority of 4,573,000. Inspector Eollison finds great difficulty in carrying out his health work at Teetulpa. Several Australian mining properties .are now being placed on the London market. The consumption of alcohol in England has decreased 30 per cent in the last 10 years. A baker in New South Wales fined £13 for selling short weight bread. That's right. South Australian Catholics present an ad dress to the new Archbishop of Melbourne. A fine ostrich at the. Zoological Gardens. More distinguished arrivalsflxpeotBd shortly. In. Victoria there aBelOBflOrpsof «ad«tBin connection with which 3,800 lads areanw under drpli By an overwhelming majority recently the ' tltw South Walee Assembly resolved- that pro vision should be made for the issue of fcee parses for children travelling by railway to tched. MtK F. M. Clarke, licensee of Clarke's Hotel, Swanston street, was fined £20 and £3 :3s. «oete for exposing for sale brandy, pur porting to be Henneesy's, which was not gprjuine. Lord' Tennyson has written a morning ana an evening hymn for tie boys of the Gordon ? Hone, near Portsmouth, which iB succeeding well snder the management, of General Tjyndall. Tbe editor of London Truth thinks that ifl the Australians desire tbe presence of a Hoyal perwnsge at the opening of the Mel b-mme Exhibition Prince Albert Victor could go very welL An immense canvas, 115 meters long by 15 nwitFTS wide, representing' 'The Destruction i-fi Fbmpeii,' is being exhibited in Amster dsirii The painter is an Italian fey the name tflCaitakmi. The census of Prance for 1886 shows a total population ot 38,218 903, againBt 37,672,048 ia 1SB1. The population of Paris baB increased only 75,000, against an increase of 280,000 re coj-o-dirrl«81. Under the title of **An Easter Vacatran- in Greece,' Messrs. Macmillan are on toefienitjof pnbHghing.aa acconnft of a visit to Greecemade by Dr.Sandya, the public orator at Cambridge, im the spring of lost yeac The General of the Jesuits reports tint file order is now 350 years oldv has farnished' 249 Eainte, 1,500 martyH, 13 popes, 66 cardimds, 4600 archbishops,, 6,000 authors, and now numbers 2,500 missionaries. General Samuel Alexevitch Greig, formerly Bnssian Minister of finance, has just died at Beilin, at abont 63 years of age. Hia father j and grandfather were well-known BoBsian ? admirals of Scotch extractions William Cnshing, of Canbridgc, Massa ? chnsettp, haB prepared a companion volume to 1 hii 'PsendonymSj' called 'Anonyms,' com ! prising tbe titlesvf 20,000 books and pamphlets with the names ot the authors. ' The Jewish almanac. juBt published states that there are 4,400,060 Jew∈ Europe. 300.000 in Asia, 35,000 in Africa, and 260,000 in America, Toe total Jewish population of the world is estimatad at 6,300.000. The Prince of Wales, Grand Master of the Masons of England, has granted a warrant for \- the formation of an Anglo-American lodg_e in ; England, for the purposeof affording American . retidents the facilities of the order. : Tony Barrios, son of the late President of ' Guatemala, is a student at West Point, and young Zarala, son of the man who overthrew ' and caused the death of President Barrios, is also at Weft Point and his classmate. ; Thirty wild West Indians visited a public . school recently and sang to the children. If this does not send u hundred or so of the boys out on the plains to become Indian extermi nators then there is no snch thing as -revenge. 1 The Queen purposes holding two courts at Buckingham Palanee daring the Jubilee week, but the attendance will be restricted to per . sonages invited by the Lord Chamberlain. ; On June 22there will be a State concert at tbe palace. : Prince and Pti&cess; Henry of Battenbarg have pronueed their patronage to Mr, G. A. Sala'e lecture on 'Australia and New : Zealand,' at St. 'James's Hall, on May 11, in. aid of the Eoyal Hospital for Children and Women, Waterloo-road, ? At Napier Mr. Ormond was called to order for speakintr of the Premier as 'Mr. Stout.' ? He replied, ' Did I say Mr. 1 Well, I may be ? excused, seeing that it is only a year ago Sir Robert said he would be ashamed of any such ' title as he has now got.' \- Mr. Hiley Overton, a relative of the present incumbent of Epworth, Lincolnshire, has had a \- fortune of £22,000 bequeathed him by an aunt, lately deceased. Mr. Overton, who worked as . a foendryman during last winter, had pie vicuBly received £26,400 in betmestB: ? The Victoria' Club, for ladies only, has been established in Princes-street, Hanover-square, its chief -objects are to give to members access to daily and weekly newspapers', accommoda tion for writing and receiving letters, and- the opportunity of seeing the latest musical publi cations, A lot of navvieB at Eketahuna, N.Z., were . all taken ill lately after dinner,, and sent 30 miles fox a doctor, flunking they had all been poisoned. He rode 30 miles in the dark, and found that a- packet of washing powder ?had been used in a pudding instead of baking : powder, Bollinson, the champion trick bicyclist, was the plaintiff a few days 'since in an action in ' the Melbourne District Court for £29 1b. 10i., mrney lent and the sale ol abicyds,- As the alleped sale took place in San Francisco the j court bad no jurisdiction, and the case was dismissed. . Mr. Gladstone received £300 for his article in the Nineteenth Century JRevieio on Tenny 1 con's poem ' Locksley Hall.' This is one of : tbe largest, if not the largest, price ever paidin Ecgl2.rd forso short an essay. Xtwas, however, i a lucky investment for the editor^ as the sale . has bren enormous William J. Haynes, of St Louis,, who will be \- 1CD years old if he lives until December next, ; was on the staff of General Jackson: at the 3 battle of New Orleans, was engineer of the first steamboat that arrived at St. Itoni* from the South, and run the first locomotive that ever left St. Louis for the West. The Khedive, being desirous of recognising the services of the Cameron Highlanders at the battle of Ginnis, whew they fought in line \- with the 9tb Battalion of the Egyptian Army, ;; has conferred the third class of the Medjidie upon Colonel Everitt, the fourth class upon Captain Napier, and the fifth class upon Lieutenant Ewart. A movement is on foot, and warmly responded to by members of the Reform Club, to raise a sufficient amount, by sub scriptions not exceeding a guinea each, to have the portrait of Lord HartiDgton painted and hung in one of the niches of pie hall, in company with the other distinguished states men who already occupy places there. Daring his stay in the lake country Sir .Robert Stout visited the volcano region, and made the ascent of Mount Tarawera. - His : personal opinion is that Kotomahana and the surrounding region is now Invested with addi tional attractions for. sight seers and for those who desire to read the records of Nature in the mighty convulsions which have taken place there. General Beale, of Washington, is one of the largest landed proprietors in the United States. His cattle ranche, Tejou, embraces 250,000 acres, £0 miles north of Los Angeles, Cal,, upon which are 40,000 head of cattleand horses. He has a farm of several hundred acres eight miles from Washington, where he has a stud of blooded stock. He also possesses a large estate n Chester, Pa. Alderman Sir William McArthur, who is a . munificent supporter of Wealeyan institutions, has offered to Rive £5,000 as a Jubilee gift for providing a home in Belfast for ministers' daughters, providing the Irishmen find a like sum. This makes a third donation of this amount he has given to the same object. Sir William has a particular leaning towards Ireland, his birth and parentage being of that nationality. The frothy substance which is often found on erase, and popularly known as 'frog spittle,' has no connection with that animal. It is caused by a little insect which secretes a viscid, transparent fluid, with which he iB completely covered. To enable him to breathe he reaches out a pair of legs, and, enclosing a little bubble of air, brings it down, and afterward allows it to escape into the liquid. After a while the numerous bubbles convert it completely into froth or a substance resembling saliva. Donkey parties are the latest rational amuse ments of provincial gatherings across the Atlantic A huge donkey, minus its tail, is cut out of calico, fixed against the wall, and all the company aie^ provided with pins and calico donkeyB* tails. Each guest is then ' blindfolded in turn, placed opposite the . figure on the wall, twisted round three times, and left to pin the tail in its right place on the donkey. As the blind man scarcely ever hits the right place, the company get plenty of fun out of their game. A good wife never grumbles. A good horse never stumbles, A good child never tumbles. ' A good cart never rambles. A good actor sever mumbles. A good thief never fumbles, A good yam never jumbles. ; Honest work never humbles. 