' You would know so much better what to say to this man, sir,' Mr. Durivage replied wearily. ' It is a difficult matter to say the right tbing when one has no respect for thejperson requiring his services.' ' It may be simple prejudice, Arthur,' Pr. Leonard answered with aii encouraging smile, ' How often will it be necessary for me to tell you that & minister must have no prejudices ?' ' A minister mustn't have anything like anybody else,' the young man replied, in a tone that made his companion laugh heartily. < Can't even have an evening to himself, eh ?' he said, and then Mr. Durivage bade his friend good-night and went out again into the cold and darkness. Mr. Carleton, one of Sir. Durivnge's host friends and most useful of his parishioners, was waiting in the parlour of the great house when the assistant minister was shown in. Mr. Carleton was also one of the chief directors of the First National Bank of South Suydam, of which institution Mr. Thomas was president. Miss Thomas was occupied with the invalid, and had not yet appeared. ' The servant told me that Kir. Thomas was no better,' Mr. Carleton replied to his companion's inquiry. 4 1 hope he may be able to see me, however. We have just been made aware of some serious discrepancies in our accounts, Mr. Durivage,' be continued, ' and it is of the utmost importance that I a6k him a few questions.' Mr. Durivage hoped that the matter might be speedily adjusted. ' I am afraid we are ruined, Mr. Durivage,' Mr. Carleton replied. ' The experts tell us that we have been robbed, and as far back as two years ago. Indeed ' At that moment the parlour door opened, and Miss Thomas appeared. Jlr. Tomas was unconcious most of the time, she said ; but in'one of his rare lucid moments he had asked for Mr. Durivage, and they had sent for this gentleman at once. It would not do to admit Mr. Carleton, for a call from the cashier the day before, wheu Mr. Thomas was only ailing, had had a most disastrous efft- ct. Overwork and excitement, the doctor said, had been the cause of this second attack, and every thing that reminded her father of work was strictly forbidden. Mr. Caileton would call the next day, and hoped to hear of a favourable change. Then the distracted man of business was shown out, and the assistant-minister was conducted to the sick man's chamber. Mr. Thomas was in one of hi6 raving fits when Mr. Durivage entered. Articulation was so difficult that it was next to impossible to understand anything he said. His face was swollen and purple, and the young minister, oppressed now by a new fear, wondered in a dazed sort of fasluon what had become of the spirit of this man. It did not seem possible that he could ever be conscious agiiin. . ' It is just as I ftared,' Miss Thomas remarked;' you will not be able to do him any good, and I have so hoped that you might I have felt, Mr. Durivage. ever since I heard him speak your name, that our whole dependence was on you.' This was said in a tender tone all nnusual with Miss Thomas. The assistant-minister made no answer. He simply stooped and picked up an envelope that bad apparently dropped from the bed, and held it in his hand a moment as he bent over the sufferer and 9josely examined his features. A softly-shaded laipp. stood near the head of the bed, and as Mr. Durivage laid the envelope down, he carelessly glanced at the superscription : ' Mr. Abraham Thomas, South Suydam,,J^Y.* Mr. Durivage was scarcely more familiar with his own cbirography than with this on the envelope be bad just picked up. It was the writing of his old friend and college chum, Harry Thomas. For a single moment the humiliation of the thought that he had been systematically lied to by this family overcame every other feeling. And Harry was as bad as the rest, he told himself, for Harry Thomes was cashier of the First National Bank, and worse, it seemed if what he had heard this evening had any truth in it. A touch on his arm brought him to a realization of his surroundings. ' Father knows you,' Miss Thomas remarked in a whisper. Then, obedient to a slight gesture of the sick man, she walked out of the room. Mr. Durivage turned to glance at the envelope again, but it had disappeared. If the assistant-minister's expression of countenance was quite sympathetic, as he stood with folded arms gazing down into the face of the apparently dying man, it was certainly excusable. ' I think you want to tell me about your son, Mr. Thomas,' lie remarked in a voice that sounded strange to himself, as the swollen and stiffened lips tried in vain to frame an intelligible sentence. That, was certainly correct. ' Harry has been in great trouble ?' Mr. Durivage went on. This was plain too. Harry had been in great troublev ' And you have known where he was all the time ? ' Correct also. Mr. Thomas had known all the time. Now the sick man made a mighty effort, so mighty that he lifted his head and shoulders from the pillows, and then—then the words came sharp and distinct, words that filled the minister with unutterable horror. ' The man must still be raving!' Mr. Durivage told himself; but no. * It is all true, so help jne God!' f These were the last conscious words. The breath grew short and stertorous again, the eyes that had been Dt up by a transient gleam of intelligence were glazed and expressionless, and the heavy- laden brain 6tarted agtiin on its toilsome journey. • f Mr. Durivage called the nurse who waited in an adjoining apartment,sJvd tben poftlyfciiid hMjtfljrjleft;f the house. Anything but another meeting with Miss Thomas 1 He had borne a good deal, andrfioutd bear more, but not that, he told himself. |f. • 'd Dr. Leonard was disturbed several Umesiflurmg the following night by the footsteps of r -tbe ! 'asratantminister overhead. They were quiet, tlicy were slow, they;.were heavy, thoy\?ere.quick, axul tliCy. seemed also unremitting, as" the recfor told'his youhg'M&nd; the next morning. There was a note by Mr. Durivage's plate, which read as follows:—^'p 'DearSu^I have 5 concluded- to4o'Jut you J^k Will be at ttfe^wKte p ^ t ^ t M ^ ^ E ^ ^ ^ ' It was oia Mildred, fasa'p if f the j^toBii%uired somewhat irrdevafctiy. . p" 1 > }'£ *» : $$ fif $ \- .«It's all^igfct^/tbla^ fashion. " " 'Arthur,'said the Doctor, with a merry twinkle of ljiskind old ejres, * do I, or do 1 riot;, know/, anythin$' about this ousiness 7' 'If our young friend was a great deal jnore wicked thanshe is, prhas been, /we still ^havO. jBajiour's example, my. boy. To get the cbjld bnc& again into the atmospbere-of thp church- she .used jo jove so much, K&lbplp; her jnoreUgsn anfoluhB wefqniddo fof her. .IfcttifluifeftiC'"' • '7..' :r tit. Durivage made no answer. He stood tapping the window pane in an abstracted fashion quite unusual with him when the rector was speaking. ' I have carried you along in my heart every step of the way,' the old gentleman went on, placing .fits band on his companion's shoulder as he spoke, ^jand if it hadn't been that I knew the discipline you were undergoing was good for you, I should have been very unhappy. You see, Arthur, a man to know what he is talking about when called upon to comfort the afflicted must have had a rousing good practical experience, ' l'cs, : Mr. Durivage replied, still absently,' and so there must be a good deal more in 6tore for me.' That evening, and the next evening, and the next, and the next. Elsie Dunrcath, the girl who had been scandalized and deserted by most of the decent people of South Suydam, flitted about in the dim light of the sactel edifice, looking to Mr. .Durivage like a spirit returned for a little while to fulfil some mission or work out a probation. In her plain black dress, a black lace veil knotted simply over her golden hair, she Becmed in perfect harmony with the place. Mrs. Leonard surprised the assistant-minister by appearing in the chancel a very few moments after Elsie's arrival the first cvenig. ' I told my husband I should come ' she said to this gentleman,' because—well, because it will look better, that's all;' and to Elsie, poor, conEused, trembling Elsie, she sai l simply.' I am glad to see you here, my dear. You It ivcn't felt like seeing me when I called upon you, so I thought I'd drop in here and see how you were getting along. And so the lady continued to drop in, and remained dropped until the decorations were completed. Mr. Durivage was active and successful in the matter of step and other ladders, and his jack-knife rendered valuable service. Mrs. Leonard sometimes wound a wreath of wove a festoon under Elsie's direction, and the sexton, with whom Elsie had always been a favourite, and who had never been brought to believe any thing to her discredit, notwithstanding the overwhelming evidence of appearances, hovered anxiously near, ready to execute any order, however hard or hazard ous. ' Are yon glad or sorry you undertook this work ?' Mr. Durivage inquired one evening toward the close. * I wish I could sav I was glad 3' she replied ; ' but I am neither glad nor sorry. I think I could be sorry, though, if any trouble were to come to you through my doing it,' ' No harm will come to me,' the gentleman replied, 'Elsie!'he went on, looking straight into the eyeb which his unusual tone had caused her to turn upon him, " do you remember what you said to me the first time I saw 3-0u after you had left your mother's house f' ' How should I remember ? 1 the giti replied with a petulance unusual with her. u I probably said more than I meant to, and perhaps more than was true, but I have learned better since, Mr. Durivage.' ' I only wanted to tell you that I hadn't forgotten,' the minister answered ;' and now, Elsie, if that anchor is ready, Mr. Liston and I will place it. Hope is the anchor of the soul, Elsie!' as he lifted the piece in question,' both sure and steadfast, my child!' and as he walked away he said softly to himself,' For this light affliction I' Ahl Paul knew how heavy these light afflictions were; 1 and now aloud: 'Come, Mr. Litson, let's place our beautiful anchor. Got the nails 1 All right I Steady najrl A far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.' . * What's that you said, Mr. Durivage 2 ' the sexton inquired. . ' I was talking about fruits, Mr. Litoon.' ' Oh 1 Hold on there! That's right!' the sexton responded. • Steady! Fruits? Did you know apples had gone up awfuily, Mr. Durivage? I was telling nyr wife this morning that she'd better go slow on apples.' ' Indeed 1' the assistant-minister responded ; but the fruits I was thinking about are dearer than apple*.' ' You don't say? What might they be ?' 'The peaceable fruits of righteousness,' was the astonishing reply: and now the sexton, divided between his desire to laugh at h> s fear that a laugh would be iuappropriate to the occasion, presented such a lugubrious countenance that Mr. Durivage coiild not restrain himself. Elsie, at the other end of the church, lifted her eyes in wonder at the unusual sound, and a ghost of a smile flitted about the sensitive mouth ; but the shadowy thing soon vanished, and when Mr. Durivage came back again, the smile had left his face also, and in its place was the old familiar expression of self-restraintan<l unutterable sympathy. Every evening as soon as the church clock chimed ten Elsie bade her friends goodnight and started off alone on the unfrequented road. Mildred could not leave the child, and the girl would accept of no escort. The sexton begged to be allowed to take her home, but she would not permit it. She told the simple truth when she said she knew no fear; but there was one who feared for her, and who never turned back till he beard the door of the little cottage close. He was very careful that the girl should have no suspicion of the faithful footsteps that followed hers so closely. The nights were fortunately dark, and this unselfish service was known only to himself and his God, the kind Father in whom this good man trusted with all his heart. And mow it was Christinas Eve There were a few finishing touches to be put.on, and the: tiecoratorjiads promised n> be on hand alt the usual time. 1 Service was to be held at eight o'clock. But Elsie could not remain forthis. How, hard this was to bear, ; no one f wobli havfe imagined whb looked' in the tranquil f&cc; of this girl, as she flitted hastily about, touching up tfce vo^kehe so qearly finished. The great clock ticked heaipily, 'slowly, every stroke seeming like a $>Iqw uppn her beart. Mr. Durivage had locked her in and jjnt her, ajid here she was all alone in the great chjftch; where we had once been so happy. It was fitting she should be alone, she told herself, for this was the last time she should ever enter its doors. She ^urri^d Ib'erifia^rtorches to the masses ;o£ evergreens twineS round the railing and ehcirfciing the cominumon table—a place which held for her a new significance in the awftiliiUtrvation of her heart and sou^ Suddenly b^felf-qolitrol deserted her, and, falliqg..upgp ber she bad so oft#4^1t POW0 tieejpead upon the ra!Hfa£ in convulsive s^bbSig! Avband|^»uched her sboin|er»; , f after all. . . . . . . But it was none of the pitiless eyee of South Suydam which met her frightened gaze, but great,' loving,- htingry, eyes that seemed .to devour herat a glance. ' Harry,' the girl: gasped. 'Harry!' But "as she spoke pfye tyrped awSay, atod buriejf her face in her bands. ' * ,' Oh, Elsie! Elsie! i beseech you, do not turn away from ifefe J EUie^dftfl&g;} ' i And > ifixr, the poor; trembling between hopeand fear, was drawn close to make yon understand all that has happened? But understand, first of all, my love, my love, that I have not been to blame, except, perhaps, for doubting you when I was told that yOu were wicked and fals&tnv; 3 darling 1' It seemed almost impossible for the man to go on. Tears were streaming down his face, and his whole frame was shaken cy sobs that could not be repressed. • Elsie, my father took money from the bank, and I found it out the day 1 left home. I went, Elsie, to save him in case the defalcation should be made known, as it threatened to be at once. They would all thiidr I did it, Elsie, if I ran away, you know.' 'And your father ' Elsie began, but her compao« ion stopped her at once. 4 Yes. There was a prospect that he could return most of the money, and then I was coming back. Elsie, I left you in my father's care, believing that he would protect you, if only for gratitude to me, yon see. I sent letters to you, my darling, and I got no answers ; but he kept them all, dear—he kept them all. Then my sister wrote me that you were guilty of an awful crime, and that your mother had driven you from your home, and that no one would notice you on account of it. It was hard to believe, and I don't think I ever did quite believe if ; and then I was ill for months Elsie, long, long months, away off, dearest, in South America, where I had ciade hall! money enough to pay my father's debt. I sent it home, and*then—0 Elsie 1 if you have suffered, so have I; and you. O love! how you must have suffered! Why did I ask you to keep our marriage a secret 1 Why, why did I.' And, Elsie, tell me why you did not, to save yourself, break this foolish promise I insisted on 1' ' Because,' said the loyal woman,' I thought if a reason existed in the first place lor this promise, it must still exist, and, Harry, I would not have broken it if I bad died a thousand times.' ' I could not stay away so far, Elsie, and I wrote to my father of my return to New York, and then—then he told Durivage the whole story, and asked him to send for me.' At this crisis of affairs the lights in the church were turned up, and the doors were swung opun. and here at last was South Suydam, and here, too. was Elsie. The services began as usual and went on for awhile without any disturbance. Then at,a word from the rector the sexton went out and returned with the child, Elsie's child, the legitimate child of Harry aud Elsie Thomas. • We have gone out of our usual course a little oa this occasion,' Dr. Leonard remarked in his sweet, even voice,'for the purpose of baptising this dear little child, the child of our esteemed fellow-citizen Harry Thomas, and his true, loyal, and loving wife, Elsie Thomas, formerly Elsie Duureath. They were married two years ago in New York City by "my lriend, the rector of Grace Church.' With this Dr. Leonard sat down. Harry took the child in his arms, his wife stood at his side, and the infant was baptised. Then the assistant minister rose and addressed the crowded house. He was very pale^ and his eyes shone with a strange light, but he spoke like one inspired. ' For our light affliction,' was the text he selected, and there were few dry eyes in the church when he took his seat again. Mr. Thomas died the following day. 