OUR LAUNOE3TON LETTER. fuom our own couuebl'ondent. Launoeston, Tuesday. Jjaunceston folks are a really excitable community, and in tho eyes of their sister colonios they must appear a truly won derful faco of beings. .Tasmania, gene rally speaking, has been prominently under their notice during the past few iiiuiiT'iia, xiicy mnuc uicir. achat with the present Government, who propounded a schema of taxution, the equal of which was never heard of in any country, boast ing Coustitutionnl-Govcrnment. At tho present moment the political position is ..in.jnv, ltiiuu tic luiiiumuur tliiit tlio Ministry " nailed their colors to the mast," wo oiimiot but think that by tho decision on thom (oven in Tasmania), they should stand or fall. It such a state o£ tilings existed in another colony, I venture to say that the parties at the head of aiTairs would stnnd a fair chance of being wafted kite high on tho end of nn impromptu gallows, tho handiwork of a imtuh-nbuscd crowd of, constituents. However, hy your next issue, tho result of -Mr. Brown's peculiar motion will, no doubt, ho known, nnd should it result in a victory for the Ministry (ns is gone- rally predicted) it should ho tho moans of supplying our neighbours with a per fect fund of amusomont, and their opinions will undoubtedly bo that the whole House should bo funelua uj/iclo. Kow, Treasurer Bird s proposals, ns a " population senror," have to my mind been equalled . only by tho small-pox. flic ghost of a. poll-tax on commercial travellers should lmvo been sullicient to scare thoso energetic individuals from our shores. As regards emigrants, our general code of imports on cvery-dny necessaries in this country nro enough to stny nny accession of population to Tas mania with tho oxucpliou of tho almond- oyed Celestial, whoso influx nothing short of a reception with grnpo-shot or a shower of picllow eggs on arrival would ho likely to moderate. Thus it will ho seen that our Customs tariff, and our hints at poll-taxes have dono much to drivo population away. But tho smnll- pox searo 1ms undoubtedly taken 'the wind out of our sails— nt least, for this season. Tasmania should hold her OWtl ns n. anmtnt.mm but nothing worse, could lmvo lmpponcd to a houlth resort than for a disease like small-pox to mako its appearance. Now wo must look to the authorities to oradi- entc the .disease, and then seek to gain (ho confidence of our neighbours. i?or this summer our 44 goose. with tho golden egg" — in the shape of the Australian visitor— is virtually dead. AAro very rarely hear of a tourist travelling the jlobo in scureli of a nice littlo town well nfcctcd with smnll-pox, where he can end his days iu an uncomfortable quar antine station, isolated far away from the busy haunts of men. Oh no, that's not their game, and for this year, nt least, this fair island must be shunned by visitors. Looking nearer home, we And that the inhabitants ure becoming more rational, aud they are beginning to again turn their minds to business with a will, and ns the scare dies out no doubt affairs generully will soon beeomo normal. The only remedy that I can recommend to bring country visitors into our town uguiu is, for our shopkeepers and mer chants to advertise their wares at reason able rates, and for the Government to offer extra railway facilities, which, com bined, will no doubt entieo our birds back again. No doubt it would bo pleasing for us lo know the whole outs und ins of the first outbreak of tho sniull-pox scare, and also as regards who should ho censured und whom praised, but if tho rights of the lunttor ure only to be got at through the result of a fight between two medicos through the public Press, then I say we find hotter remain in ignorance, ns no thing beyond tho washing of n lot of dirty smnll-pox linen in public ciui bo gained, which can benefit no one. The emergency litis revealed a strange stnte of things iu regard to tho Local Board of Health. AVhen the outbreak occurred they found themselves without a Health Ofliccr. Dr. Murphy held the position, but resigned iu January last, and no at tempt hud been made to have another successor appointed until the found they were in the thick of the sinnll-pox epidemic, and then Dr. C. J. Pike came to the rescue. If an enquiry bv a Com mission were held, no douht more satisfaction would result to all parlies concerned, hut to allow doc tors, sanitary elliecrs, and a host of stipcrmuimrieH to join in a Press conflict is hardly the thing, and not at nil calculated to elovnto tho public immi ns 10 ino enpauuuies oi some or our public officers, ' The motto should be 44 Ono dog, one bone," and this hone of contention requires a commission ap pointed or public inquiry to decide which dog shall have this praise aud which shall bo sat upon. The latest information from tho Mow bray quarantine station is reassuring, there being only four small-pox eases. William Bishop, jun., and Susannah Wntson are doing well and arc practi cally out of danger. Alfred Bennett. Dr. Pardy states, is still very bad, but Itis eye is much better. Tho little three- year-old boy, Leslie Marshall, still re mains in a critical state. There are 15 suspects at the station, all of whom are iu high spirits 'considering tho circum stances. There nro It convalescents. The first calf inoculated was a failure, hut tlie enlf inoculated from Leslie Marshall bus settled all doubts ns to tho outbreak being smnll-pox, ns tho inocu lation has been successful. Tho weather to-day is very unpro- pitioiis. A cold northerly breeze is blow- tug aud rain is falling copiously. Tho entries for the Lnunccston Homing Pigeon Soeict3's mutch from Snake Bauks to Launcestou, closed on Monday even- ing at the Enfield Hotel. Tho competi tors hooked are ns follows, viz.:-- -0. Kinjrs Ivnnhoe, .AV. Aldrod's Lady Don, J. Norman's Coming King, .15. Harper's Shamrock,' T. Matthew's Rovo d'Oc, 1:\ Crosby's Banjo, A. Sparrow's Lava, A. Cofdngshy's Sunny Days aud F. Cros by's Fniigh-n-ballngli. On Tuesday evening next tho Fancy Dross Camivul, which is to bo hold at I ho Columbia Skating Rink will close tho season. There are over one hundred nnd fifty skaters down on the list who intend being present in fancy costume. Tho sight wiU bo worth seeing, and no doubt the final, entertainment- will be equal lo its predecessors. A meeting of the Committee of the Tasmania!! Turf Club was held ou Mon day morning at tho .Brisbane Hotel for the piirposo of deciding whether a race- meeting should bo hold on the Mowbray Race Courso this year, or 'whether it should bo -postponed until a later date. It was explained that tho Government would have, tlio quarantine station de stroyed or removed early in November, and us. the club-' intended building en tirely now booths and outhouses there wns no occasion to alter the dntcs from February 8 and 0. The quarantine buildings are in -no -way connected with tho grand stand. Tho new booths will be built on tho northern end of tho stnnd. After a short discussion, it was unani- mously decided to hold the meeting on the ndvortiscd dates. ' At the meeting of tho Municipnt Council, held- on Monday, 'Alderman Button moved "thai a call of the Council be made for Monday next, to consider tho question of a sito for tho Victoria Museum und Art Gallery;" AVo hnvc already had a silo fixed, aud a founda tion stone laid for this edifice, but like everything else done in Launcestou, the sito must be altered to plcaso somebody else. Tho 2J Chinamen who arrived hero by the s.s. Corinuu, oil Suudn, camo iu for a fair share of nbuso from- our civic fathers nt Monday's meeting, tho Mayor expressed aa opinion tlmt ho would like to sec a law passed, that whether any disease existed or not, that all Chinamen arriving here should bo quarantined and vaccinated, aiul not allowed to land until it was known whether tho opera tion lind. been successful or . not.. Alderman Scott said he had boon told by Mr. Hawkos that a Chinaman lmd gono up Scottsdalo way, lie believed, to Mooriuu, aud had become diseased, and developed spots, and died. Tho other Chinamen had pulled him out hy the feet und buried him, and aftorwards burned the hut in which ho died. This statement caused a commotion in the Council Chamber, but Air. Mnult arrived at the proper momeut with a telegram from the Chief Secretary, which stated that lie had ascertained that only two Chinamen had died lately at Moorina — nno from gastric ulcer, and the other from phthisis — aud in uo ease was there any eruption. 