VICTORIAN shipowners having found their bane in our policy of protection are now seeking the antidote from the same thing. Free trade, and plenty of it, lias always been understood to be the very life blood of marine commerce, and it seems at first sight extra ordinary that the representatives of this commerce should unite to demand on their own behalf the application of a policy so diametrically opposed to it. The surprise which the cir cumstance cannot fail to excite, fades away, however, on an ex amination of the facts. The ship owners are not converted to a belief in a protective policy, but their con tention is that the operation of that policy presses most unfairly upon them, and they ask that this unfair pressure shall be removed, or, if that cannot be done, that they be supplied with a financial counterpoise to it. And in this point of view they have certainly made out a good case. No one can learn without regret tiiat the commer cial marine of this colony shows un mistakable signs of decadence. It is an evidence that either national enter prise is on the wane, or else that national energy is being cramped somewhere. The vast merchant fleet of the United States was allowed to dwindle to almost the vanishing point, without much remark, and certainly without exciting any national alarm. The mistake is now recognised, and strenuous efforts are proposed to resus citate the ocean carry ing trade. Accord ing to present appearances another de cade will see the' Victorian commercial navy in the last stages of depletion, if not absolutely defunct. Let us look at the figures. Twenty-one years ago, the shipping of Victoria was just equal to that of Nevr South Wales. Ten yearslater the proportions were, Victoria 71,761 tons, New South Wales 96,135 tons, and at the end of ISS6, the last named colony had about two tons of shipping to our one. Our ship build ing business also is practically extinct,, being represented last year by the build-1 ing of two crafts, which might be de scribed either as very large boats or very small vessels. Our shipowners advance the general allegation that our protective policy is in its very nature hostile to their inte rests, as it directly discourages many kinds of foreign interchange. Further more, they declare that a variety of conditions tend to give foreign vessels an unfair advantage over our own. British shipping law im poses upon British shipowners a num ber of obligations, from which foreign owners are free, and this freedom car ries with it a very strong pecuniary advantage. Then the colonial ship owners have to face a wages scale which is represented to be double, and in some lines more than double, that paid by the British or foreign owners, and these facts taken together are supposed to carry the moral that, unless the colonial shipowner can get on even terms with his competi tors from' outside, the decay of our commercial marine is only matter of time. What seems to find most favor with our Victorian shipowners as a relief from unequal competition are exemp tion from tonnage dues now levied and the adoption by the Government of the bounty system, as already practised by some Continental nations; and a reso lution was carried at the meeting of shipowners held on Thursday that the French bounty system be adopted in Victoria, such bounty to be claimable on all ships owned and registered in the colony. This xVas ex plained to mean a bonus of Is 4d per ton for every mile travelled, and an increase of 15 per cent, to any ship fitted up as a transport. There is also a bounty for shipbuilding, graduated ac cording to the material andstyleof build ing from 20 to 200 francs per ton. Then the docking rates came in for unfavor able review. It was said at the meet ing that a ship which could be docked in stays for £35 would be charged no less than £l3l at Williamstown for the same operation. As to the wages question, an instance was given of a British steamer whose monthly wages sheet under the British tariff was £134 13s, whereas the same num ber of men under the colonial regu lations would be paid £lO.O more per month than that sum. Then foreign vessels could load much deeper than colonial ones, and could carry fewer men and keep them more econo mically. Some objection was taken on behalf of the intercolonial steamship owners to the excur sion rates offered on the Government railways, especially between Melbourne and Adelaide, as tending to lower their ordinary business by means of unfair competition. The shipping industry of Victoria even now, it was said, employed nearly SOOO men and caused an annual outlay of £700,000, the contention being that the industry even in its present de pressed state is of far greater magni tude than some which have been taken especial care of by the State. If, as we have no reason to ques tion, the statements made by the ship owners are correct, it is impossible to deny if protection is to be granted to all, that they have a fair claim to relief in some form or other. To assume that, because the applicants in this case are freetraders they can have no pretext for availing themselves of the alleged benefits of protection is not only unjust but absurd. They plead that they suffer from the inequity of the policy, and claim their rights as citizens. It were absurd to assume that protection is to be limited in its application to only those who declare fealty to its dogmas and accept them as their political creed. Protectionists and Freetraders alike will admit that the extinguishing of our mercantile marine must be avoided at any reasonable sacrifice, and ship owners, who suffer perhaps more than any other class by the operation of a protective policy, have a strong claim, so long as the luxury of the policy is indulged in, for compensation on pro tection lines. The select committee appointed by Par liament to enquire into the matter of the drainage of the Sebastopol plateau sat again yesterday, at the City Hall. A large amount of extra evidence was taken, which will be found reported in another column. The committee subsequently visited the plateau. To-day the committee take further evidence at Bnninyong. The City and Town Councils will meet on Monday next, at 10 o’clock, to elect mayors, to appoint committees, and transact other statutory business. ’ It is expected that Colonel Smith will be elected mayor of the city, and it is probable that Mr Theos. Williams will be appointed to a similar position in the town. We are informed that Mr Ben. Hepburn has, with his usual generosity, donated to the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum Half an acre of freehold land. The ground is situated at Golden Point. The Ballarat Assizes will open on Mon day, in the Lydiard street courthouse. Lieutenant-Colonel Sleep, Sergeants-Major Burrow and Dubberlin, and Privates Mit chell and Fred. Bulcy have been selected to lire at the Williamstown Bruges to-day for positions in the first 10 to represent Vic toria in the Intercolonial Rifle Match. The team will include 12 riflemen from the country districts of the colony. . Several friends of Messrs J. M'lntosh and J. Leishman were present at the Howling Forest ploughing match yesterday, for the purpose of canvassing for the position of representative on the Agricultural College Council. Mr M'lntosh seemed to obtain the most favor, but many of those who were spoken to on the question seemed to be of opinion that some arrangement should be made by which one of the candidates would retire in favor of the other. Another important addition to the exten sive business premises in the city is pro mised. Mr Kelsall, the well-known soap manufacturer, has purchased from Messrs J. J. Goller and Cos. the vacant allotment of land at the corner of Lydiard and Mail streets. The land, which has a frontage of 40 feet to the former street by a depth of 100 feet, was sold at £GO per foot, or £2400 for the block. Mr Kelsall, we understand, in tends to erect a three-story warehouse that will occupy the entire space. Mr G. G. Morton attended at the Dowling Forest Ploughing Match yesterday in order to canvass for subscriptions for the Moore statue. We understand that Mr Morton was fairly successful in his mission. The Miners’ Racecourse will shortly be beautified by the planting of a large number of trees. Mr George Smith has donated 100 trees, which are now being planted, and tbe City Council have also presented a number for the plantation of the reserve. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—David Murphy, residing at Millbrook, suffering from severe bruises on the thigh, caused by being kicked by a borse; and Theresa Branburger, whose parents reside on the Smythes’ road, suffer ing from burns on tbe leg, caused by the up setting of some hot porridge. A graceful compliment was paid to C r Hickman, on the occasion of his re-election, by the City and Town drum and fife band, who serenaded him at his residence. The death, in London, of Mr James Croyle, one of the early pioneers in the Bal larat goldfield, is announced in another column. Mr Croyle was a co-operative share holder in the Cosmopolitan Company, from which he realised a fair competence, the divi dends being sometimes £250 a fortnight. On retiring from the claim he entered into busi ness as a sharebroker at tbe Corner, and it is stated that duriug the excitement of ISC7 to 1572 his transactions through the ofiice amounted sometimes to £40,000 per week. On leaving Ballarat he proceeded to San Francisco, and afterwards became a member of the Londou Stock Exchange, where lie distinguished himself by his action in con serving the interests of the Peruvian bond holders. Town councillors last night astonished Messrs Duuu and Whitten, the newly-elected municipal representatives of Ballarat East. Both these gentlemen left their residences with orders to their respective families not to “sit up” as they were “going to the council meeting.” Business was commenced by councillors punctually at 7 o’clock, and at 8 o’clock the mayor said, “ Thank you for your attendance, gentlemen; there is nothing more to do.” One of the new conncillors whispered to Cr Murphy, “What, over so soon?” while the other remarked, “This is altogether different to what I was led to believe.” The mayor smiled and winked his eye to a friend, as much as to say “ Hold on.” A magisterial enquiry regarding the death of the Chinese Sim Slow, was held yesterday by Mr Patterson. The testimony adduced was in accordance with the facts alroady published in 'llm Star. Evidence was given by Ah Shung, the mate of the deceased* Henry Lee Young, interpreter, and by Dr Scott. It was shown that the deceased, who was an Amoy man, had been in bad health for some time past, and that during the abseuce of Ah Shung, he got out of bed and was warming himself by the fire when bis clothing became ignited. Being old and feeble he was unable to extinguish tho flames before they caught the bedclothes; In cou sequencq of the excitement caused by the conflagration, ho was unable to raise an 1 alarm and he sustained the burns which cul minated in his death. The flnding of the magistrate was one of accidental death, j Sim Slow, who was S 2 years of age, was a convert to Chistriauity, having been baptised about two years ago by the Rev. J. \V. Inglis. To-day his remains will be interred in the 'Presbyterian portion of the new cemetery, and the Rev. Mr Chue will offi ciate at the grave. The executive committee meeting of the Benevolent Asylum will be held at tho Board Room on the 15th inst. Anniversary services will be held to-mor row week in fibenezer Presbyterian Church, when Rev. John V. M'Nair, M.A., of Chalmers’ Church, Melbourne, will preach morning and evening. On the following Tuesday a tea meeting will be held in the South street Hall, to be followed by a lec ture on “John Wesley 7 aud his work,” ,by the Rev. John F, Ewing, M.A., of Toorak, in the church. During the sitting of the Town Council last night the officers were disturbed by a wailing noise, which proceeded from below stairs. In certain portions of the home country 7 some of the peasantry believe that the losses of a family are followed by the cries of a “ banshee,” and when the sounds in question were heard in the Town Hall last night one councillor at least ventured an opinion that the “good people” were abroad and were crying over the loss which the municipality had sustained in the re tirement of Crs Ferguson and Rolf. Finally Mr Beaumont Phillips, the assistant town clerk, armed with a stout paper ruler, and with lantern in hand, announced his intention of “ putting a set” on the ghost. Followed by Mr Gro cott, inspector of weights, measures, &c.;, and one or two other friends, Mr Phillips explored the dark recesses of the municipal chamber, but although the wailing souuds continued, the “spirit” could not be seen. The magistrates' room, the cells adjoining the court, and the ante-rooms were in turn visited, but nothing unearthly could be ob served. At last if was decided to inspect the courthouse itself, and when the door of this chamber was opened, out rushed a large dog against the legs of the anxious but timid explorers. The sudden appearauce of the animal startled the young clerk aud his friends, but at the same time it had the effect of dissipating the idea that there was a haunted chamber in the municipal build ings in Ballarat East. The doors of the court had been unintentionally closed on the dog during the day 7. The Ballarat Liedertafel announce a festi val, to take the form of a promenade concert and Cinderella ball in the Alfred Jlall on Thursday evening next, in inaugurating the seventh year of the society. The concert will commence at 8 o’clock. Dancing will commence at 10 o’clock, to the strains of the society’s band of 2G performers. Light re freshment will be provided, and special pro vision made for non- dancers. With the con cert will begin the present season, and in tending subscribers’names can be left at the society’s office, and tickets will be forwarded for the concert. A limited number of extra tickets are obtainable from the secretary at the office of the society, 4G Lydiard street, at the usual rates. The playing of “ Tommy 7 make room for your uncle” by an organ grinder in the Main road yesterday caused the horse of a Bun garee fanner to take flight. In its plunging the animal broke the traces, and when the organ man had in song and accompaniment reached “ there’s a little dear” the high notes proved too much for the horse, which broke clear of the shafts and bolted towards Buninyong, leaving the cart, with the owner sitting in it, on the road. The occurrence, a serious matter for the “ man of the forest,” caused a good deal of merriment among the people in the sheet. Addressing the organ grinder, the farmer exclaimed—“ Do you see now what bellowsing away at y 7 our music has done to me.” The ceremony of introducing newly-elected councillors took place at the Ballarat East Town Hall last night. Each representative was warmly welcomed by the mayor, Mr Russell. No fewer than 15 officers and non-com missioned of the Ballarat Battalion have succeeded in securing from military head quarters badges for musketry instruction. Only one competitor failed during the course. The Rev. Dr Roseby is about to deliver, at the Congregational Church, Dawson street, a series of Sunday evening lectures on “ Our Native Land and Its Future,” ad dressed especially to natives of Australia. The subjects of the lecture are as follow: 14th August 1. “Our Country.” “A goodly land.” “Now they 7 desire a better country, that is, an heavenly.” 21st August —2. “ Our Father.” “ Consider the quarry whence ye were hewn." “If I forget thee, 0 Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her eunning.r 28th August—3. “ Some Marked Features of Our Colonial Character.” “And the boys grew.” “Keep thy heart, for out of it are the issues of life.” 4th September —“ Our Future; Some Elements of Danger.” “Take heed unto yourselves.” “What I say unto you, I say unto all—watch.” ISth September—s. “Our Future Hopeful Signs.” “ The ploughman shall overtake the reaper.” —Amos. “ The best of all is, God is with us.”—Wesley. 25th September—“ The Great World, aud Our Share in It.” “ The ages to come.” “ To every man his work.” Mr John Whykes’ election committee are requested by advertisement to meet at 8 o’clock on Monday evening, at the Miners’ Support hotel. Mr Geo. Soltan, who is announced to give an address in the Alfred Hall on Monday evening, and in Dawson street Baptist Church on Tuesday evening next, is, we believe, a stranger to Ballarat. He is on a visit to this colony from Launceston, Tasmania, where he holds the position of pastor of the Memo rial Church, and preaches every Sunday to one of the largest congregations in the Aus tralian colonies. Mr Soltan is already well known in Melbourne, and doubtless Ballarat will give him a cordial welcome. Another very pleasant entertainment has been given in the Chinese Sunday school, Main street. The hall was crowded, and Mr llosking occupied the chair. The following contributed towards the evening’s enjoy ment:—Misses Green, Mitchell, Hocking, Trembath, Grubb, Borlace, Trotman, Frank lin, and Miss A. Gieen. Recitations were given by 7 Mr and Master Feary, and Mr Ben nett and party 7 furnished a dialogue. All particulars respecting the cast, &c.;, of Miss Carrie Swain’s initial performance at the Academy of Music, “The Tomboy,” on Monday night, will be found in our adver tising columns to-day. Metropolitan com pleteness of detail iii every respect. Com pany 7, scenery, orchestra, limelight effects, are all to be provided, and nothing left undone to cater for, if not ensure, success. The Ballarat Imperial and South Ballarat football clubs meet for the third time this season on the Eastern Oval this afternoon. A good contest may be anticipated, and doubtless theie will be a large attendance. The Ballarat team, after their successes of the past few weeks, go to Geelong in order to try their strength against the representa tives of the Pivot. The special train leaves the Western station at 1.15 p.m., and will convey avery 7 large number of the supporters of the club to Geelong. The Buninyong Estate, an extensive pro perty, is to be sold by auction to-day, at noon, at Craig’s hotel, by Messrs Fisken, Valentine, and Cos. The mining plants on the property will also be sold. The same firm will also sell subsequently 940 acres of laud adjoining the Buninyong Estate. We understand, that a public trial of the new explosive, rackarock, will shortly take place in Ballarat, in the presence of mem bers of the A. M'.A., Mineowners’ Associa tion, and the Mining Managers’ Association. Tho date of the trial will be announced early 7 next week. •Michael Williams, farmer, of Warrenheip, is reported as missing. His wife states that he left home on Saturday morning last, aud in the evening he was observed in a hotel in Ballarat East under the influence of drink. Williams, who is about 5 feet 8 inches in height, is 53 years of age, and has a large family. Arrangements are being made with Dr Bevan, of Melbourne, for the delivery of a lecture in Ballarat at an early date on “The Characteristics of Welsh Music.” The lec ture will be illustrated by a choir, under the leadership of Mr Jenkins, of Sebastopol. A large number of visitors are expected from Maryborough and Egertou. Special religious services have been held during the past few weeks at the Pleasant street, Rubicon street, and Alfredtou Wes leyan churches, and encouraging success has been met with. We understand the services will be continued at Pleasant street during the coming week, and they will also be hold at the Buninyong Wes leyan Church next week. Ou Sunday, 21st August, the Rev. R. Fitcher, the conference general missionary, will commence a' scries of special services in the Lydiard street Wes leyan -Church, which will be continued for a fortnight. Mr Fitcher’s missions in other parts of this colony have been productive of a great amount of good to the members of the churches and tho congregations who have attended, and his visit to Ballarat is being hopefully looked forward to. The following is the comparative depth of water in the Ballarat reservoirs for the week ending 10th August:—Beale’s, ISSG, 10 feet; ISS7, overflowing. Pincott’s, S feetO inches; 18S7, overflowing. Kirk’s, ISSG, 33 feet; ISS7, 32 feet. Gong Gong, 18S0, 38 feet, S inches; 18S7, 67 feet. The Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club have de cided to hold race meetings ou the 21st of October and 2Gth of December. Our Blackwood correspondent, writing yesterday, suys:—“ A pleasant change has taken place here in tho weather. Instead of the cold drizzling rain experienced of late, we have now fine sunny days with a little frost at night, and things are looking more cheerful than they did for the previous three months. Gardening operations are now being pushed forward with vigor in various places, especially where the owneis have large numbers of fruit trees.” We notice from the Geelong Advertiser that an attempt is being made to establish a weekly half-holiday in Geelong. In support of the movement, Messrs Geo. King, vice president, and 15. Cocking, lion, secretary of Ballarat Half Holiday Union, have written to the journal mentioned, explaining the conditions and benefits of the holiday in Ballarat. The Fiencli Government and people (writes the/lryns correspondent) are somewhat dis turbed at the prospect of none of the Great Powers of Europe takiug any official partici pation in the Exhibition of ISS9. A good deal of anger is being directed against Eng land for standing aloof, and this circum stance lias added to the bitterness with which the French press are now assailing England and all that is English. Having got rid of the Schnabele iucident, and M. j Grevy having put General Boulanger in a back seat, the French press and a good many of the politicians are giving England the benefit of their malevolence. The tone of the French newspapers at the present moment towards this country is worse than we have seen for many years. Mr Pulfor, a gentleman who had been connected with the press both in Victoria and New Zealand, was recently found dead on the road near Auckland, having ap parently died in a fit. He was a nephew of George Cruikshank, the artist. In the early days of Victoria he was connected with the gold escort, and had charge of that to Ben digo in 1553. He served with Hargreaves the explorer in South Australia, and then became connected with the press. When Dr Payne, the American “sharp shooter,” was in Auckland, Mr Pulford allowed him to shoot at an apple on his head, when the bullet ploughed a wound ou the skin of his head. Since then he has never quite re covered from its effects. Today’s newspapers (writes tho London correspondent of the Argus on Ist July) contain disturbing news from Berlin respect ing the relations between Russia and Ger many. We are accustomed to these periodic alarms, so that one docs not attach much importance to this latest outcry'. It is, neveitheless, interesting, because it shows how the Berliners are disposed to resent the Russification of the Baltic provinces. More over, the Russian market has been virtually closed to the iron industry of Germany, and such harsh conditions have been attached to the sale and transfer of land in Russian Poland that estates now held by foreigners will lave to be resigned to natives. The German press are crying out for reprisals, and they make a very good case in showing that Russia can by a stroke of the pen de prive Germany of the sinews of war. Then follovs the advice to all German investors to lend no more money to Russia, but to follow the example of England and Holland in getting rid of Russian stocks. Even the Cologne Gazette believes in the possible dis avowal by Russia of her foreign creditors. For years past there has been an enormous accumulation of Russian stock at Berlin, but now that the Germans are beginning to realise the possibility of a war between Germany and Russia, and that tiiere may be a repudiation of the hundred millions ster ling which Russia owes to German investors, the Berlin press is becoming somewhat alarmed. It is a remarkable feature of the London Stock Exchange how very' few are the Russian securities held there. Public attention (says a Melbourne corres pondent) has been prominently directed of late to the large out-put of the Broken Hill silver mines. The yield of silver recalls memories of the famous Nevada mines in America, where it was said a “mass of silver as big as a house ” was in sight. Broken Hill cannot go as far as that, perhaps, but it still turns out its thousands of ounces, and this leads me to remember that I was shown a letter the other day from one of the lucky ones. He writes—“ You will not forget that whea I came here just two years ago I had barely enough to pay my passage. Well, old fellow I am now worth a couple of hun dred thousand, and all out of tiie silver mines.” Pretty good that for two years, is it not ? The Strathmerton North correspondent of the Numurkah Standard writes on the 9th inst.:—“ An old and highly respected resident has passed away. Mr Matthew Cope, who during the past seven years has lived in this locality, died on Thursday night after a brief illness. The deceased gentleman was widely known, and his neigh borly qualities and his active efforts for the welfare of the district compelled the respect and esteem of all who came in contact with him. Prior to his settling here, Mr Cope had been fanning near Ballarat, and for many years he was a member of the Bunga reeshire Council, where he had the reputa tion of being an energetic, shrewd, and cautious representative. Since he came to Strathmerton he has taken a leading part in the agitation for railway extension to the Murray, and to his wise counsels and ener getic endeavors the success of the movement is in no small measure due. His remains were interred in the Nnmurkah Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, when a large number of residents attended to pay their respects to his memory. The Rev. A. Grewar offi ciated, and the coffin was carried to the grave by Messrs G. Reynoldson, T. Crowley, Arthur, and Mawhinney. Mr Cope was 68 years of age at the time of his death.” Not a very hopeful case. The New Zea land Mail reports:—“Marjory Hughes, aged about nine years (says the Mataura Jinsiyn),’ is a smart little girl. She was on board the North express, and when asked for her ticket by the guard she said her father had it, and he was in the smoking carriage. This story was found to be untrue, and she was left at Gore with the inteution of send ing her back by the South express. Mr Hanson, the stationmaster, took pity ou the little waif, and took her to his house and attended to her wants. When the train was due lie brought her over, and, as it was a cold day, he took her in the office and made her sit by the fire, then going about his duty. The clerk in the office had occasion to leave the room for a moment, and, during his absence, which certainly did not last a minute, Miss Marjory made a dart, for the till, and abstracted therefrom a five-pound note and some silver. She was duly packed off in the train, and shortly afterward the money was missed. A telegram was sent, and the girl was examined at Edendale, but stoutly denied everything. When the train arrived at Invercargill, Marjory was taken to the general manager’s office until the police were communicated with. But Mar jory is slippery, and managed to get ou board the Bluff train, which was well ou its way before she was recaptured. She was again brought back, and this time a profes sional searcher was employed, with the result that the missing money was found concealed in her armpit. She was brought up before the court at Invercargill, and placed ou probation for a month. Marjory is indeed a smart girl.” It will interest the numerous shareholders of the James Mackintosh Sawmill Company, Limited, to learn that the floods in the Echuca district have not reached the mill within 3 feet, and that the company is in full work. The Russian Government have undertaken a stupendous work which will eclipse every other railway in the world. It is proposed to construct a line across Siberia to Vladivos tock. This will have branches in order to give access to tho north-west frontier of China, so that the railway is intended as much for military as for commercial pur poses. There has been a dispute among the Czar’s Ministers as to who shall undertake this great work, aud tho Emperor has had to personally iuterveno in order to calm the • jealousies of his advisers. It is remarkable iu connection with this subject how Russia, which is practically bankrupt, can undertake such an enormous project. There is no doubt that Southern Siberia is capable of giving an excellent commercial return, but the details of the scheme, so far as we know them, indicate that commerce is quite a secondary consideration. At the meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria on Thursday, Professor Kcrnot (says the Aryms) gave some interesting par ticulars concerning the early history of the Brennan torpedo, lie was Mr Brennan’s consulting engineer until the inventor went homo. One very noticeable fact was meu [ tioned by Mr Kernot. Immediately after the British Government purchased the in vention for £llO,OOO, full details of it, with a drawing, were published in Enyinceriny. From the information given in that journal any mechanician could make a Brennan tor pedo, so that, as Mr C. R. Blackett observed, all nations are on an equality as far as this weapon is concerned. Mr J. G. Foster, of A’Beckett street, Mel bourne, has just received the following cable gram from Messrs R. Ifornsby and Sons (Limited), Trantham, England:—“First prize awarded to the Hornsby binder at the leading field trial of this season, at Toulouse, France, consisting of special gold medal and trophy, value £lOO, given by the president of the French Republic.” A young married woman named Kate Hammond attempted to commit suicide by jumping off Circular Quay, at Sydney, on Thursday evening, but she was quickly rescued and taken to 'the hospital. Lieutenant J. Tucker (says the Aqe) has been dismissed from the Sandhurst troop of cavalry, having been found guilty by a court martial of a charge of attempting to induce Sergeant-fan ier Parr to injure a cer tain horse iu order that he might obtain extra damages from the Government. Tucker is a State school teacher at Sand hurst, and the Minister of Education has suspended him in consequence of the finding of the court martial. An enquiry is to be be held by the Public Service Board as to Tucker’s fitness to remain iu the Public Ser vice. Larrikinism (writes the Melbourne cor respondent of the Ararat Advertiser) has at last attained its consummation. Mr Gaun son has been sent to Coventry. When ho rises to speaknow the House empties itself, and the members who retain self-respect are deserting the Opposition side and drifting into the Cormr. I suggested this course years ago, aud im therefore the more pleased to see that even the brazen impudence of the king of the Pariamentary larrikius is cowed by it. In reference to political matters in New Zealand, the Duiedin correspondent of the Aryui writes:—“Sir Robert Stout has re turned to Wellington, after delivering ad dresses at the Tlames, Auckland, Napier, and Welliugton. At Napier he announced that the policy of his Government comprised retrenchment, and three D’s—distribution of property, to prevent accumulation in a few hands; distribution of laud, to prevent it being absorbed by Urge holders, and diffu sion of education. An Aye cablegram states that Messrs New ham and Brann, both amateur players, have joined the team of cricketers organised by Messrs Shrewsbury anl Shaw to visit Aus tralia. Mr George N. Burrows, for many years rate collector for the East Loddon shire, has committed suicide by lunging himself. It is not known what motives impelled him to the act. The deceased wts a large farmer in good circumstances. A miner named George Hill has been crushed to death through a fall of quartz iu the Francis Ormond Company’s mine, at Chewton, near Castlemaine. The deceased leaves a widow and four children. 