THE NEW ANGLICAN BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. THE CONSEQRATION CEREMONY. FBOU 008 OWN COHIUiSFOXDENT. LONDON, 25TH Fbbrhaby. The consecration of tho Rev. Field Flowers Goe as Bislibp of Melbourne took place yes terday, at Westminster Abbey. Shortly after 10 o'clock .'tho Frimato aud assistant bishops assembled in tho Jerusalem-chamber, and at half-past. 10 the procession entered the abboy in 'the following order: — Bcadlo ; almsmen, two and too ; choristors, two and two ; gentle men of tlio choir, two and two ; minor canons and precentor ; canons' verger ; canons, two and two f dean's verger, dean, proctor and registrar the. preacher (the' Rot. Canon Cadinan), the Bilihop Elect of Melbourne, Vicar-General, assistant bishops, Bishop of London, arch- b'shop's vorger, Apparitor-General and Secre tory, and tlio Archbishop of Canterbury, .-.'ihe ' Primate immediately commenced the ' com munion Eorvice, morning prayer having been said at half- post 8, tbo epistle being read by the Bishop of Manchester and tbe gospel by the Bishop of London. The responses and the Nicone Creed (Bridge in D) were sung. An eloquent sermon was preached by Canon Cad- man, who took his toxt from Acts xiii., 2 — "As thoy ministered tothe Lord and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, separate me Barnabas and Snul for tho work wherenuto I havo called thom." The preacher referred to the great mission work that the Church of Engliuid had accomplished, especially in the British colonies, within the last 50 years, and ho asked if they conld fail to feel interested in tha millions of British colonists who, in one way or another, were in - touch with all ports of tho world. Tho colonial episcopate had been increased within that timo from 7 to 75, and tho bracing influence of colonial experience had tended to invigorate the ministrations at home. He who was about to go forth to the colonial church bad labored with them for many years in a faithful and exemplary manner and in brotherly affection and friendship, and now the lot hod fallen upon him to be numbered among their fathers in Christ. They had confidence that he would not fall below the expectation of the Church, but that in his higher office he wouid seek to be a faithful and truo pastor, strong in the grace that was in Christ and wise to win souls to him. At th6 conclusion of the sermon the bishop elect was conducted to the Islip Chapel to robo himself 'with his rochet, the anthem God is a Spirit (Sir W- Sterndale Bennett) being sung during his absence. The Archbishop having taken his seat in front of tho holy table, the bishop olect was jnet at the entrance of the sacrarium and presented by the Bishop of Manchester and Bishop Perry. " The Queen's mandate for tho consecration having been read and' the oath of canonical obe dience administered, tho. Litany was chanted by the precentor, after which tha function of laying on of hands was performed. Tito sen tence of consecration was then pronounced by tho Primate, and the newly consecrated bishop assnmed bis place among the other prelates within tho sacrarium. The prayer for the church militant was then read by the Arch bishop, and the service concluded with tbe celebration of the Holy Communion. The offertory which was taken op was devoted to tho Bishop of Melbourne's fund for grants and stipends to his clergy. The ne'wly consecrated bishop is to leavo for Australia to morrow, vtu Brindisi, so that he will arrive at the scene of bis labors almost as soon as this reaches you. ' 