TALE. Our Spare Room, Foe some time after we had been married we lived at Fmcliley . Fmcliley is not a particularly interesting . place to itself. It is not a town ; neither by the utmost stretch of imagination could it be called country. It is exceedingly difficult to get to the city — where I go every day — from there ; or to get anywhere else, for the mat ter of that. But I think our chief reason fo.t . going- to live there was that we had the chance of taking a house that had been built by a friend of mine for this own oecnpation, who found after it was built that he would have to live abroad for two or three years. Houses that people build for themselves are so much nicer than tliost they build for other \- people. So we at once decided to take it, and ever since have been trying to get away from it. Wo both wanted to live in town, in Lon don proper. I wanted my club handy and Margaret wanted the bonnet shops. Gfioos- \- ing a new house is a weighty and important matter, and we braced our minds beforehand .by many conversations on the subject, and at ; last began serionsly to house-hunt. We looked at a good many " desirable ; residences " m the regions of South Kensing ton and Bayswater, and saw a few that we liked pretty well and a large number that we did not . like at all. A good many of the houses had just been newly and smartly done up for the season — it was the month of Feb-, ruary when we began our search — with an evident mew of attracting the public. But although they were magnificent with paint, paper, wlutewash, and,. Ja£paTmianSe" found that they were — 40nGlent m the less apparent details of drain age, cisterns, and boilers, with which unim- \- portam; trifles the landlord had evidently considered it not worth while to busy him self. Some houses, on the other hand, were not " done up " m any way, but were dark, dirty : and cobwebby, and haunted by cadaverous care-takers. It was useless to try and in vestigate any of this species, as Margaret . refused to go any further than the drawing- room floor, and would not entertain the idea . of them tor a single instant. " First im presses are everything," she would remark emphatically when I fried to convince her that painting and papering were not yet lost arts, and that the caretaker would not, of necessity, form part of our establishment. Our house-hunting was, therefore, a long business, and we made quite a picnic of it, Margaret declared, for we frequently retired to a confectioner's for afternoon tea, instead of going back to Finchley for that meal, which was always a great point with Mar garet. She would not have thought the day complete without it. So as the afternoons at the end of February are long and light, we frequently walked about looking at houses tall nearly 6 o'clock. One evennig as we were sitting together, in my smoking room after "dinner, talking, as we usually did, about our prospective new house, Margaret seemed suddenly to be struck with an idea. "Charley," she said, leaning forward in her chair and placmg her pretty little fore finger on her pointed chin as she spoke; , " fhere is one thing that our new house must . not have, and that thing is a spare room." "No spare room," I cried, nearly drop- , ping the end of my cigar in my surprise. ""Why, where shall we keep all our boxes, \- my dear ; and your sewing machine, which you never use; and — — "I mean spare bed-room," interrupted Margaret, reprovingly. "And I wish you wouldn't say 'mv dear,' it makes me feel so . old." " Old ! " I said astonished aud mystified. "Yes," returned Margaret. "Mr. White- loagte»IS3his wife 'my dear,' and they are both over seventy ! " \- This argument was not answerable. I did .. . not attempt to refute it. "Well, then," I continued, "my — my love," ("Ah, that's better," said my wife), \- , " would you mind explaining to me your ob jections to that time- honoured institution, a > guest-chamber? Are you afraid of a ghost taking up its quarters with us ?' "No," answered Maegaret, still keeping \- her finger on her chin and regarding me : : with a fixed and steadfast gaze. She had not even bleached when I alluded to the sewing machine. " But m London, he who keeps a spare room keens a hotel." J . . it was too true. I dropped the end of my \- cigar mto the fender outright, while visions of Aunt Georgina from Leamington, "just run up from Saturday till. Monday," with her : maid, her asthmatic pug, and her array of . imperials, coursed through my brain. Aunt Georgma — she was Margaret's aunt, not mine — had frequently performed ' this athletic feat since our marriage, and we had soon found out that her " Saturday till Mon day " was not by any means the same as that period of time recorded in the almanacs. It . was sometimes a week, but more often ten daa, and it had been Imown to extend itself to a month. I do not think we either of us absolutely disliked Aunt Georgina. In fact, if any one had asked us what we particularly objected to m her, we should have been some- _ what puzzled to reply ; but she was like a rich .. plum-pudding — a little of her went a long : vvay. They say that everything comes to those who wait. Still more does everything come tothosewho search long and diligently enough, and in due time our housejjwhs found. It was : : m every way satisfactory. It had been freshly done up with pamt, paper, and the newest things m mantelpieces and dados, and a pro per attention had been paid to such things as .drainage, gas-pipes, and boilers. It was in . the Bayswater direction ; it was close to an ommbus route ; it was only a shilling cab- fine distance to my club, and there was a very tolerable bonnet shop not far off. In fact, . Margaret said that by putting, her head out of. the bath-room window, and craning her neck only a very little, she could just catch a glimpse of it. . But m this world of ours, unfortunately, there is no rose without a thorn ; no supreme good without some drawback. ' Our house had a spare room. To be sure, as Margaret observed when we talked this over after quite settling upou the house, we might have known that we must have a spare room, as there were only our two selves, the servants, and a very limited assort- ment of boxes and trunks to stow away. "And you know you wouldn't like to live in a very small house, CliaiAey," she added "even if we could have found one in this part of London," I assented to this. "Anyway," continued my wife, "I shall x not furnish the room as a bedroom." ""Well, that was the original idea," I re plied. :: At last we were settled in our new house. I will not attempt to describe our removal \-- and subsequent establishing of ourselves and our furniture. It was not pleasant to go through our experience, and it is not pleasant x to recall it. I think Margaret and I came as near having a quarrel as ever we did to our \- livcs-at that tune. It all floats through my . - - mind as I think of it. A confused dream of . bedsteads and sideboards in the drawtog-- room, wardrobes m the dining-room, Dresden \- cluna and mirrors in the kitchen, Maple's men and strange cats everywhere, tinned beef \- dinners, and a general, all-pervading atmos- phere of straw. But at last it was .ill over, and Margaret triumphantly declared that the house looked as if we had lived in it for years. I thought it rather a dubious compliment, bulfct did not tell her so. . One morning, as jv&wcfd;«jSraug at break fast, a letter was brought, in aud handed to . my wife. " The postman is late this morn- . - nig," she said, as she took it. I said nothing — I had caught a glimpse of the handwriting and a huge golden monogram on the envelope. : It .was from Aunt Georgina. 'j. . I laid down my knife and fork and looked " blankly across the table at Margaret, who looked blanker still. She had j ust spread a piece of toast with marmalade — although she was in the middle of eating an egg— in sheer desperation and self-abandonment. " I can't read it, "s he said presently, toss ing the letter across to me." It looks as if she had written it with her left hand and her eyes shut." _ I deciphered its contents with some difii- culty, aud theu read it aloud to Margaret. It ran as follows : My Deap. Margaret (I wish die wouldn't call you Maggie," I said) : So I hear you are established in a new town house. I think of running' up next Satur day till Monday, j ust for change of an- for myself and Boulette (Boulette was her pug), and to have a peep at the fasliionr. May I occupy your spare room. I know the delightful plan of all Loudon houses.' All news when we meet. Your affectionate, Aunt Gkorgixa, To-day was Monday ; she had not given us a long notice of her coming. "To think of her trying to make us be lieve that she is really only coming from Saturday to Monday," said Margaret scorn- fully. "I don't quite see how she could 'peep at the fashions' between Saturday afternoon and Monday morning, unless she means that she is going to study the bonnets in cliurch." "Well," I said, dividing my morning paper in two, and giving Margaret the part with the births, deaths, and marriages, which she always likes to sec; "it's awkward her wishing to come to us just as we have decided not to have a spare room, but we can easily write and say we haven't one." "No,"- said Margaret, shaking her head sagely, "that would never do. In the first place she would he very much offended, and she musn't be offended, for you know, Charles," I have some expectations from her— though' it is not much " fe®7siie"bntin.ired, " our not having her to stay in this house will not prevent her coming up to town. She will come all the same and stay at a hotel. She will walk in on us directly she arrives — Saturday afternoon very probably. She will, of course, expect to be shown all oyer the house ; and it will strike her as rather peculiar why Ave have left our large front bedroom on the third floor empty. You know the horrid way she always notices evertliing. She Avill bear doAvn upon me "with such an avalanche of questions, and probably get everything out of me before I ImoAV where I am. No ! What we must do is to turn that room into some other, kind of a room — not a bed-room," she concluded some- what a'aguely. . It was time for me to go to the city, so we did uot discuss the matter any more just then." As I have said, this xvas Monday, and by Wednesday evening we had not come to any decision about oxu' spare room. But Mar garet had Avritten a polite, though I am afraid, rather hypocritical note to Aunt Georgina, saying that unfortunately Ave pos sessed no spare bod-room, and entreating her to take up her quarters at the Paddington Hotel, and give us as much of her society as was possible. On Wednesday evening Ave .began seriously to discuss our spare room ; time Avas getting short. Margaret could suggest nothing but a picture gallery or a private chapel ; but we bad no pictures worth spealdng of, and there was a ehapelin the next street, the suggestion could hardly he called a good one ; and my idea of turning the room into a kitchen — as the sanitary - cbwellin g folk tell-one that the kitchen should always be at the top of the house — was received by Margaret xvith scorn and contumely. - "Fancy one's dinner coming down to one, instead of up," she said: "how dreadful it would he. I am sure I should never be able to eat a morsel." "I don't quite see the objection," I re plied mildly, "unless you 'think it would be a ' come-down' ; and, in any case,_ your dinner must go down when you eat it you know." Margaret took no notice of this remark. It is always a point of honour with her not to see any of my jokes when they are at her expense. She did not even smile. "It Avould be horrible," she Avent on. "I should feel that the next thing Avould be, I should have to Avcar dix-ided skirts aud stock ings xvith toes to them." "I thought stockings always had toes," . I said, but Margaret vouchsafed me no reply, not condescending to inform me that she re ferred to Dr. Jaeger's new system, where the toes of the stockings are separated like the fingers in a gloA'e. The next day, as I was sitting in my office, a brilliant idea suddenly rushed posthaste into my mind. It was so brilliant, and I also felt that the time was getting on so fast, that 1 decided -to go home at once and communicate it to Margaret. I was rather proud of it, for as a rule I do not have so many brilliant ideas as she has. Therefore, 1 at once left, the office, although it Avas only 3.30 ; and hailing the first respectable- looking" hansom that I could see, droA'e rapidly home. I dashed upstairs into the drawing-room, where Margaret xx-as sitting. "Oh, Charley!" she cried; "how you startled me. I was altering a dress, and thought you was a caller." And she pulled out her paraphernalia from under the sofa, where she had hastily huddled it. " Margaret," I cried, "I liax-e an idea !" " What?" she said, and looked as astonished as if I had said I had got a megalosaurus in my pocket. ' ' I hax-e an idea about the spare room," I gasped; for I Avas very much out of breath Avith my rapid ascent of the stairs. "We xvill — make it — into— a billiard-room." And I sank into an armchair. " Get on your hat and Ave Avill order a billiard-table at once." "A billiard-room of course! the A"ery thing !" ejaculated my Avife. " Why didn't we, either of us, think of such a simple thing before ?" I Avas not so sine about the sim plicity of it — as regarded the cost, at any rate. When Margaret had got her hat and I had recovered my breath Ave sallied forth, my xx-if e perpetually wondering all the xvay into Ox ford street why we had not thought of such a simple tiling before. "Besides," she said, " onLf think of the cheapness of furnishing a billiard-room. Why, you absolutely Avant nothing except the table and a few seats." "A carpet, though, would rather improne the appearance of the room, would it not?" I ventured to put in. " Well, yes ; but a carpet is not furniture." I avus silent, but did not feel so thoroughly convinced of the -cdeapness of the arrange ment. The cost Avas certainly the least bril- liant part of my I dea, I could not help thinking. Before we Avent home to tea that- afternoon we had ordered a square of Turkey carpet, a capital second- hand full-sized billiard- table and a feAV leather- covered seats to put round the room. The carpet a\a3 to be made a fixture the next day ; there A\ras no difficulty about that part of the business ; but the table and seats could not- be sent till Saturday morning. It Avas running things very close ! Suppose Aunt Georgina and the billiard-table Avere to make their entry into the house at the same time? We Avcrcnot a stone' s-throwfrom the Great Western Hotel, and she Avas sure to come round directly she araix-ed— slip was one of those sort of people who must air their tongues. But no ! On second thoughts, such a horrible recontre Avould be unlikely. Satur day- is only a half day, and the men Avould bo sure to Avant to -get their xvork over early. It was also extremely improbable that Aunt Georgina would arrive before the afternoon. Still, in spite of all this, Ave both felt a little nervous, and we talked a good deal about it during dinner, and afterward when Ave re tired to my little snuggery a smoking-room, opposite tlie dimng room. About 9 o'clock avo beard the postman's knock, and Margaret flew to get the letters. She brought back a post card from Aunt Georgina, aud Ave nearly tore it in two Avith both trying to read it at tho same tune — though there Avas not much to read. "I shall arrive to-morrew morning at the G. W. Hotel, and shall look in upon you some time to the afternoon," xvas all tho information it gave us. I drew a long breath of relief. " By Jove ! What a blessing !" I said. "By the time she arrives here, our spare room ' will be a full-fledged, business-like looking billiard-room, and she will suspect nothing." I am sure we both slept better that night than Ave had all that Aveelc. Directly breakfast Avas ox-er the next morning, we began to expect our men. I bad taken a xvhole holiday — or I should say a half one, as I always come home early on Saturdays — in honour of tho billiard- table and Aunt Georgina. When 10 o'clock struck Margaret affirmed it as her opinion that the; men Averc not coming at all. I tried to disabuse her of this idea. But when 11 and 12 had struck .and still there was no signs of them, I began to be alarmed myself, and Margaret Avalked up and down between the back and front draAving-room like a bear in a cage or a tragedy actress rehearsing her scene. . I had just gone to my study for a news- paper, when ' nali-Avay aoxvn the stairs 1 heard a shriek from bfargaret. I hurried back at once. She xx-as standing by 11 le AvindoAV. " Come ! Come !" Avas all that She could say . "What is it?" I cried, rushing to the window. "The billiard table?" "Alas! it avus no such x-ision of bliss. A 4-wlieeled cab had just clraxvn up at our door, from the Avindow of xxdiich was seen protruding the crumpled, black face of a pug and a huge nosegay of floxrers. . "Perhaps it is some one come to the Avrong house," I said faintly, catching at a straw. But the next moment the straw was swept away from me,. .as_g..siouV' fato-fedy-to-.- a . jAnyjjring hofal " bonnet" stepped gingerly out of the vehicle, pug in one hand and fioxvers in the other. It Avas no optical delusion. .It Avas Aunt Georgina. In another minute she .would be in the drawing -room. What Avere Ave to do ? Mar garet, however, did not loose her presence of mind ex-en in this unlooked-for and aAvful crisis. Iu all the five years of our married life I have never knoAvn it desert her. "Noav, Charley," she said, emphatically, " Avhat Ave have to do is to occupy her and keep her in this room till tho billiard- table arrives." She looked pale, but dauntless, and I felt my corn-age rising by force of ex ample. " Supposing the table doesn't come at all?" I could not help suggesting dismally. " It's sure to come," she said, cstching her breath ; " and trying not to look as if any thing Avas the matter." V Well, and hero 'I am, you see!" cried a high-pitched voice. And Aunt Georgina sailed into the room, pug-dog-, fioxvers, and all, diffusing an o\rerpoAvering odour of pat chouli around her. ' ' I thought you wouldn' t mind my dropping in to lunch." (What a lucky thing this isn't the" Palace of Truth, 1 thought to myself.) " I really couldn't wait any longer to see my dear Maggie." (Here she raptiu-ously kissed my Avife. ) ' ' Besides, ' ' she added candidly, "they had nothing I could eat at the hotel'- ; so I left HaAvkius there Avith my luggage and came on to you straight. I've brought you some flowers out of my garden. Of course know London florists are perfection, tout, ; after all, there's nothing like the real article?"' One might have- fiipposed from Aunt Geor- g'ina's speech thrtt. London florists Avere in tlie habit of supplying their customers Avith arti ficial blooms. fWo botlnmuTimred our thanks and oxir delight at her premature appearance, while I stoopdd doAvn and patted tlie pug's broad back, by Avay of conciliating its mis tress. . . "Ah, isn't she a dear creature?" cried Aunt Georgina, seizing her in her arms to' kiss her. " You're a beauty, aren't you, my lovey-dovey?" The lovey-doA'ey snorted and Avheeze- 80 apoplecticaily, in answer to this endearing squeeze, that it seemed as if it would never be able to get its breath again. So Aunt Georgina deposited her on a velvet-covered arm-chair, while she Avent round the draAving- room, Avitli Margaret's arm locked in hers, her gold double eyeglass up, exclaiming at and admiring by turns eA'erything she saw, while I followed iu their wake, trying not to look as nervous as I felt. Suddenly, in one of the few and distant pauses in Aunt Georgina's' conversation, or rather monologue, I again heard the sound of Avheels stopping at our door ; very heavy Avheels this time. By ill luck she was just nearing the front window, after liaAdiigmade the torn of the room. At once her gold eye- glass was up iu its place. " Why, I declare ? " she exclaimed. " That huge thing looks as if it were stopping at your door. You don't mean to say you've been buying a grand piano, you extravagant children?" It Avas the billiard- table ! I looked at my Avife, feeling as if my heart, and, indeed, the Avliole of my inside, were slowly hut surely sinking down into my shoes. I A\ished the earth would open and swalloAV me up. But the earth, which is seldom as complaisant" as one -would desire under the circumstances, refused to budge. Margaret was clasping her hands behind Aunt Georgina 's.broAvn silk back. In ano ther moment I felt all would be lost ; when, all of a sudden, in the back drawing-room , arose an xmeartbly howling and screeching. Margaret's Persian cat had just strolled lazily into the room, iu search of a particular aim- chair which she loved, when she was roughly accosted almost on the threshold by Boulotte, Avho, though somoAvliat aA'erse to attacking her oavu species, Avas not particxilarly afraid of a cat. But Mrs. Fluff, not appreciating the fun of the thing, boxed her cars soundly two or three, times, and a regular scrimmage ensued. Aunt Georgina flew to sooth her hpAvling iavoui'ite, Avhiie the cat, Avho haa jumpca on to a neighbouring cabinet, to the imminent peril of Margaret's collection of gimcrack pottery, gloAvered Avitli angry, green pyes at her coAvardly assailant, her tail the size and consistency of a sweep's chimney-brush. It Avas none too soon. As I looked out of the Avindow, the men Avere just hoisting the table out of the cait. " You keep her here," Margaret Avhispered hurriedly to me. "I must go and look after them, and tell them not to tread heavily." And she vanished. from the room.- - - . It is not too much to say that at this ino- ment l Avas fairly terrified. If I failed, I was responsible to Margaret. I felt a violent de- sire to seize Aunt Georgina by rfie aim ana march her up aud doAvn the room, as they do a person who has swallowed a narcotic poison. A minute more, aud the men's feet Avere dis-. tinctly audible tramping past the draAiring- room door. If my wife had told them not to tread heavily, they were certainly not' obey ing her injunctions. "Dear me," said Aunt Georgina, putting up her eye- glass, as if it enabled her to hear better. " You don't mean to say you have workmen in the house still? " " I think it is some men coming to look at the pipes," I replied. Pipes seem usually the things that Avorkmen come to a house to look at, so I felt it Avas a safe thing to say, though not exactlv true. But Aunt Georgina seemed bent on inves tigating things for herself. In fact, her hand avus already on the door, while a thrill' of horror shot through me, when, "fortunately, the door itself arrested her attention. Mar garet, avIio is an adept at painting — on any thing but paper (that is to say, she paints on Avood. china, terra cotta and plush; but paper she can never manage) — had spent some weeks in decorating the drawing-room doors, and the result was eminently charming. "It's very avuII done indeed — very well done," she said, peering through her glasses at my Avife's artistic productions. "Those foxgloves seem giOAving up quite naturally out of the ground. By the Avay, Avlierc is Maggie gone to ! " she exclaimed the next moment, sinking dorvn on a sofa Avhioh stood near. " I— I think she lias gone to look after the luncheon," I stammered. " You see avo arc young housekeepers, even yet." Aud I smiled a deathly smile. I caught a reflection of -myself in the mirror opposite, and ' it seemed to me that I had absolutely aged tince I got up that morning. " My hair will be Avhite soon," I thought, 1 this sort of thing goes on much longer." " Dear me," said Aunt Georgina, suddenly starting up from her seat, and dropping the eye- glasses through which she had been steadfastly regarding me for some "time. " While Maggie is busy wby should you not show me all over the house ? It Avill be a capi tal opportunity, and the stairs will give me an appetite for luncheon. I groaned inwardly. I had been dreading that sbe would make the request all along. " I— I am afraid there's nothing to see," I stammered lamely. "Nothing to see ! " echoed Aunt Georgina. " I conclude if there's nothing Avortli seeing in the rooms, there are the rooms themselves? Are you afraid of its taking too long? I should think if, as you say, you do not possess a single spare room to offer a visitor, that is not likely." This was said rather stingily, hut I felt that it recmirod a decided answer of some land. "Another crisis had come. I screrved up my courage to the sticking point ; though, like "Macbeth," I felt that I was nothing with out my Avits. . - "To tell you the truth, Aunt," I began in desperation, "I am afraid Margaret would not at all like my shoAving you oa;er the house Avithout her. Indeed, I am sure shcWould be aAvfully disappointed.. She has been talking about your coming all the week," I went on, warming Avitli my theme ; "and looking for ward to taking you all over tho .house, and shoAving you the new f urniture herself, and would be aAvfully cut up, I'm sure, if I were ..to. .play cicerone Avithout her." Ifeit myoAvn man again, .after thus assert ing myself, and Aunt Georgina at --once looked mollified. It Avas a happy thought of mine. - I had still another mau-vais quart d'Jieure before Margaret made her appearance,' during which time I iudustriotisly plied . my charge with photograph albums and books of prints. As for the billiard- table men, I thought they, must have taken their departiu-e up the chim ney, for I heard no more of them on the stairs. : Words fail xae to express hoAV delighted I ' Avas when tho dear girl came back to relieve the guard. I don't think she had ever made me so happy since the day she had said she Avould he my Avife. The" luncheon-hell rang very soon after, and as wo Avere going doAvn stairs she managed to whisper to me, while Aunt Georgina Avas attending to her pug, that the table was all right, but the seats had not come. , " " So I took the large arm-eliair out of yoxu' dressing-room and one or two others to put against the Avails, and the room - looks all right and finished off.. They' A'e fixed the raekup, too, and it looks hrvely. I made the men take off their shoes before they Went doAvfi again. I told them there was someone ill in the house." " Margaret !" I said, reprovingly. "It's all right, she replied. "Tlie cook has got the toothache. There is no decep tion." Our ordeal Avas oaTer, and Ave were xafe. We had a most delightful luncheon. Aunt Georgina, who always enjoys her food, thor oughly appreciated it, au-1 1 opened a bottle of my best champagne in her honour. She Avas iu high good humour,' and Avhen after- wardwe escorted her in triumph oa'er our : house, she did -not .turn up her nose at a single thing, not even at Margaret's many-coloured early-English bed-room candle-sticks, which I own I can never hold Avithout a shudder. Her one disparaging remark Avas made Avhen, just as she was leaving the house, she turned round to my wife, who Avas standing in the hall, and said : "Your house is absolutely perfection ; the only drawback to it is that you have no spare room. — Argosy. 