. THE tiltflia fOLHS. FOR FORTUNE AND GLORY. A STORY OF THE SOUDAN WAR. By Le\vi3 Hough, A ithor of 'Doctor JolliSe's Boys,' Jaok Hamilton's Luok,' etc etc. Chapter XX. (Continued ) The little party in the zsrefta kepi a sharp lock-ont far rescue, yon may depend, for t'/ifir position was growing more and more e&isa;: every hour. To the south was the spring, with a few trees, and the thiok mimosa bash bajond. On .the east we.e more mimosas aud rooky ground iti which the enemy coaid find cover to wituis fi#e hundred yards at the furthest part ; up to two hundred at one point. Bus on the northern and western sides the country w»b quire open, and the view was only bounded by sand-hills a good mile off. And ii was from one of these directions that they ex- pea'.oo help would come. So when dust was noticed, amidst which an occasional glitter flashed, on the western horizon, eyes began to sparkle aud hearts to beat high, as those of shipwrecked men in an open boat when a sail comes in sight. No doubt it was a party sent to relieve them — cavalry, by the pace they came, for the cloud of dust rolled rapidly nearer. In five minutes it was within a thousand yards, and then out o( it burst a single horseman, riding straight for the zereba, and the enemy, running from their cover gq the southern side, strove to intercept him with their fire as he passed, while presently some twenty Arab horsemen became vieibj, racing after the fugitive, the foremost about- twenty yards from his heels. Bang ! bang ! bang ! from the Arabs who had ran orn, arid were somewhat too far for the zsreba fire But the hunted mac came on uritucohbi. It is not easy, even for good shots, to hit flying with ball, and the Arabs were not gooa snots, out the exact reverse. Nsarer now, with bis horse well iu hand, not seek ing to increase his distance, glancing back to judge how far off his pursuers were. The iootmea of the enemy, provoked at not being able to st p bim, ran out in bis course too cloBe to the English, and two of them were rresently down on the sand. Others not heeding sought to out him off, and the jmglish could not fire Without risk to him also, as they were straight in his direction. Whipping out his sword, which had hitherto been sheathed, he. fiouriohad it ia salutation of his frieods, and rode straight at a couple of Arabs in his path, loosening his rein, and digging with his spare as he did S 3. He knocked one down with his horse's shoulder, and pot aside the spear of the other a he passed, and without wai'ing to cut at him, went straight at the zereba hedge. Tne horse, though covered with foam, had a good bit left in him yet, and rose at it rcbly, withont an attempt to refuse, and ! inded safely on the inside. His pursoers c-.me within t;u yards. There was a spurt of fire, and four sad i 't-s were empty. The Arab horsemen wfteek d round, and tie broadsides of the horses presntd h»c 1 ..r a mark. Half-a-dozsa of tbe poor a-.imals were brought down by the bnllete, a d before ibey could get away the sidesv, toe, were slain. Neither aid th- se who in t' e excitement of the moment had rua out item their cover entirely escape ; several deliberate shots were aimed at them, and Piveral fresh corpses dotted cbe plai n ' The curse of Cromwell on them !' cried G'adv ; ' the more you shoot the more there i- e !' And it really looked Jika it. It was a o oiilar phenomenon to that of the wasps in vugust, when, if yon kisl one, three come to Si h funeral. The man who had ccc&sioned; icis commotion was carried by his horse t»fely over the zereba hedge, as has been t aid, Directly ha landed he found himself c a the edge of the trench, and this, too, the animal cleverly got over. The ilder at once dismounted, and saw Captain Reece before hiru. ' Rather an unceremonious way of comiug into a gentleman's parlour,' he said, but I don't thick I have done any damage.' Not & bit ; and nn matter if you bad,' said Reeee. 4 We cannot show yon much hospitality, I fear, for we are short of everything.' 1 By Jove !' exclaimed the new comer, 4 1 Logy oar pardon if I am wrong, but is not 3-our name Reece ?' 4 Yes.' 4 You don't remember me ?' ' Well, I am sore yon will pardon me ; I cannot call to mind exactly where I have had the pleasure of meeting you. Was it at the Rag ? No, no ; Barely at Simla, was it not?' ' Not exactly,' said the new arrival. Don't yon remember a little idiot who was your fag at Harton, and nsed to boil your eggs bard and burn your toast, for which you very properly corrected him ?' 'What, Straohan !' cried OaptaiU Reece. 'Impossible ! You san't be Tom Straohan !' ' As Bare as yon are Dodger -- Reece. I ehonld not have dared to call you that to your face .then, though.' ' Well, but, you know, I should never have reoognised you/ ' I daresay not % I was twelve years old when you left Harton, and I have altered a bit since, no donbt. Yon were seventeen, and have not changed so much.' I am very glad to see yon, anyhow,' said Reece, and we will have a good chat presently. Just now I must not lose my opportunity ; the rooks seem pretty crowded. The beggars are blazing away i from every srevice about them/ Strachan wisely asked no questions, but watched and followed. The Arabs had evidently gathered in considerable numbers about the pile of boulders among which the gun-cotton mine was buried. Reece had forbidden anyone to molest them from the balcony, npt yiBhing to drive them away. He now went to his battery, attached the eft-res bronght two ends together, and the tgronnd shook. There was a roar and a ratgeg blocks of stone, arms, heads, legs, Went fljing Into the air, and a whole poise Fobuthedccmtrfsls by lfgiSM. UstweUSd Coo jpny IMMi bendon sod Melbourne, of Arabs wvry setu acutduig. away u,tii i r, mimosa bushes. i What is brad in thebone,' said Strachan to himself. 4 He L a Dadger still 1' The insn got some more enofce at their enemies in tne confusion caused by the explosion. It was a useful measure this, however, for bix men with water-cans, aud six with rifles, who were waiting close to the gap, rueaed ©us to the well the moment they heard tbe exp-onou, and in the con fusion into which the enemy were thrown by an event whicb seemed to them super natural, iu the dust and in tha smoke they accomplished their task of filling the cans and retiring without being observed, much Lss attacktd. It was no® until they were safely back in the zereba that the Arabs oegaa firing harmless volleys, in evident anger at having been out-mance jvred. The water gained was not so much in quantity, hut was a great boon nevertheless, for it had been abso utely necessary to water the camels, and that tiad absorbed every drop of their own springs for the last twelve hours, and was very insufficient for the poor animals then. Ssrachan loosened his horse's giiths aud rubbed him down with a paim-leaf or two, doing what he conld for him after hie gallant efforts. It was pitiful to hear him whinny as he smelt the water in the dis tance, and not to be able to get him any. But perhaps a little could be spared from what trickled out by- and-by. Presently Captain Reece came back to his visitor. 1 Wei!, now I have time to ask, how on earth did you come to choose this desert for a steeplechase course, and our little zereba for a goal ?' he asked. 4 1 am acting ot- the staff,' . said Mrachan ; ' only galloping. \ ou know And I was sens oui so find ycu if I could, and tell yuu to make for dhbao&t.; and, if you could, to get on to Abu Kiea at once H 1 found auv of iha eo».my oatiu this direction, and eould not tfefc oc, I was to return at once, aod a force was to ba sect to relieve vou ; but ii urD a I iu J 4USn Z £ » . I L f . T "H" dvuiy »UIQ 11. L; OBBtOie, X was given to undrstthd. Howevtr, I had no oh since of returning, for the firel glimpse I go? or the enemy consisted of a s nail body of mounted Arabe, who out off tny lereat, and chased me all the way here.' 4 We are net to make baek to Gubat, then ?' asked R ece in surprise. ' N j,' said Straohao. 'Matammeh has not been earned! ?' ' Not yet ; I suppose it may be snnn ; every, body seems to expect it. Butldoa'ts-e the i? 88 now ' 4 Why not ?' 4 Well,' said Strachan, 4 one hates So be the bearer of had news, but it muRt come Tbe expedition has been too late; Khartoum has fallen.' The two other offioers bad come up and heard ibis, and their faces showed tbe blank dismay which had falieo upoa their heaits, as the words fell upon their ears. Khartoum fallen ! Why, then, what were they fighting for? Wtiat was to happen next ? All seemed chaos. ' And Gordon ?' was the first question which rose to all lips. ' There U nn certain news, yet/ said SUachan; 4 bu the mmo- ace of his <<\-- th ire only too probable. Ho »vf.s not tbe sort of man to be taken alive, I think, v?aa he?' 4 No, no !' 4 Bat when did you hear this ?' asked Reece. 'Only last nighfc,' replied Sirachan. 4 Gordon's four steamers a- rived while you were at Ahu Kru, the camp at Gubat, I think.' 1 Yes. and two of them, the Bordein and Telhhoweiya, had started with Sir Charles Wilson up the river. That was on the 24th of January.' 4 Exactly. Well, it seems when they got to Khartoum they found it in the hands of the Mahdi, and it was with the greatest difficulty they got away, having to run the gauntlet of several batteries and a tre mendous fusillade. Both steamers were wrecked coming down, and Sir Charles Wilson, with the crews and f ha Royal Sussex men who went with him, is on an island watched by the enemy, who have got guns ' posted, waiting to be brought off. Stuart Wortley came down in a small boat with the news last night ' 4 1 could go straight to Shebacat ; but for Abu Klea I am not certain,' said Reece. 4 1 can guide you as straight as a die,' replied Strachan. 4 Indeed, from Shebacat you cannot miss the track.' Captain Reece then said that he had some immediate business to look to, and retired to the watch-tower, partly to have another look round, but principally to get away alone for a bit to think. It was clear to him that he must get away as soon as possible, but yet leaving would cause him to incur responsibility which he hated. He was a brave man enough where personal danger was concerned, bat to have 10 decide upon a matter where grave interests were at stake threw bim into a cold sweat Let a superior officer be in command, and he will bo as jolly as possible under any circum stances; supposing he got killed, and all got killed, it had nothing to do with him— that was the commanding offioer's look out ; and he obeyed him cheerfully, reserving the right to criticise him freely afterwards, supposing he were alive to do so. But here he himself had to take a decided step ; he was commanding officer, and Straohan had brought him no definite orders- Suppose they were intercepted, and oat to pieces. The blame would fall on him. Why did he quit tbe x&eba;? Suppose he delayed, and ft force bad to be sent to his rescue, and It were proved afterwards that he ocold have saved the small main body all that risk and tronble, and very likely loss, if ha had shown A little mere enterprise. Or suppose that $he enemy, now a small body, aeeembled in force, cut off bis retreat, now open, prevented all resone, and put them to pieces. In any oase he would be blamed IJe dreaded the second alternative meat, because then he would be alivta and ashamed. Still it made hlff ears burn to think wr>&t; would be eatd of him, even after he could not hear or know. 11 he failed. The more be thought about it, however, the more be row that the first risk wai tbe £ : Oi.-st ev itio .r, tna He liaUy d-.tercoincd to | marcn that nignc and stand- the racket. He examined the enemy's position once more carefully through his field-glass, and could only make out a few camels and a couple of horses. Indeed, they could sot have watered any large number, especially as they had to do so entirely by nigct, the weil being under the fire of the zereba all tbe daytime. And from men on foot they had nobbing to fear, let them get the shortest of 8 tar is. There was the cavalry which had hunted Strachan, but they were but a hand ful. And the route to Shebacat was open desert so far as tbe eye could reach from tbe balcony, tith but few mimosas or black rocks. When he had quite settled his plans he felt easier, and returned to the others. The two juniors h&d; shown Siraohan what little hospitality was in their power, including an iron teuCapful of muddy water for him self and a pint for his horss, who asked for more, poor fellow 1 with all the earnestness of Oliver Iwist in the workhouse. 4 Are you Straohan of the Blankshire V a«ked Grant. 4 Yec/said Strachftn, 4 Were you not wounded at Tama! last spring V 4 Yes, I was ; but I soon got all right,' 4 Ia not Edwards in your battalion ?' Yes, he is ; do you know him ?' Very well ; we were at Sandhurst together.' And this discovery of a common friend made these two feel like comrades at once. 4 Weil, Straohan,' said Reece, coming up, 4 are you rt-ady to pilot as to-night ?' Perfectly ready, sir,' replied Strachan. 4 Well, then, we will be off directly after sundown. Since Khartoum has fallen, the troops before it will be set free, and tbe country perhaps will be flooded with them. This irny be cur best obauce.' ' Certainly. ' The three officers of camelry had to prepare thir men for the start, and see that they got the saddles and ether packages, which nan o&en; plies togetner to make an inner defence, separated and plaoed in proper position for instant adjustment. Tom Strachan left alone, wandered to the watchtower, to have a look at it and mount to the balcony. On his way acrossfhe met a soldier, who advanced his rifle and brought his right hand smartly acrosB in salute, whom he recognised. 4 Kavanagh 1' he oried. 'Yee, sir, here I am, ' replied Kivanagb. 4 No. please don't >hake hands now or "here,' he added, huniediy. 4 I do not want to be recognised at all. My captain has not remembered being with me at Harton, I am giad to say.' 4 1 have youc sword still,' said Straohan. 4 Yes, and did good work with it at Tamai/ rephed Kavanagh, 4 1 am glad of that.' 1 It is a good one, indeed,' said Strachan 4 bui I don't know that I have done any thing wonderful wish i; !' 1 Oh, yen, I read about it In the papers. You were mentioned in despatches ' ' They were very kind, because I was I wounded, Have you beard anvthiog of ihe missing will, or Hirry Forsyth ?' 4 Not a word ; oat I hope for better times still,' ha replied. 4 So do I. Reginald, with all my heart. You have found life as a private soldier a severe trial, I fear ' Nog out bete, campaigning,' replied Kavanagh. 4 At home it was certainly trying at first. But the sergeant is waiting for me. And he saluted again and passed on, leaving his old chum very serious and medi tative, which was not by any means his accustomed state of mind. Presently Hamp came up to make friends, aud when Straohan met Grant again he learned the story of the dog and his excursions to the well, and bow Thomas Dobbs had made him letch water. 4 Yon were saying yon did not know the name of this plaoe,' cried Straohan, langh« ing ; 4 you should call it after him. 44 B:r" is the Arabia I believe for a well ; you shculd name it 44 Bir-Hump " ' Ibe suggestion was repeated, adopted, and spre&d;, and the entire company always alludefi to the place as 4 Bir-Hump' from that hour forward. The day waned ; the camels were saddled and loaded as quietly as might be, Straohao tightened the girths of his horse, and when the snn had set and the after-glow faded into darkness, all mounted, and the camels, led by Straohan, defiled out of the zereba like a string of ghosts. Every man had bis rifle in his hand, ready to sell bis life as dearly as he could ; but the Arabs did not issue from their oover, and they sped on at a sh&rp; trot unmolested, Strachan keeping a correct coursa by a compass he had, with an ingenious phos phorescent contrivance, by which he couid distinguish the north point. When an hear had elapsed Ih6y all began to breathe more freely, for it is uncanny work expecting to be attacked every minute in the dark. But still strict silence was maintained. During the long night tramp, with no jioglicg of accoutrements, beat of hbofs, light laugh, or homely talk to break the stillness, nothing bat the light brushing sound, more like the whisper of sound than sound itself, caused by the move ment of the camels' feet over the sand, the minds of the most thought less could not avoid reflection, and probably there was not one of all that company who did not think of Gordon. And of bim there was not a little to think. The. long waiting, month after month ; never disheartened or beaten ; trying every device, evfiry stratagem, t to keep the foes wbioh environed him at bay j maintsi&iug; well even his reputation ; anxiouB not for himself but for others, ready to sacrifice self indeed at any moment, cheerfully for the sake of those whom ha had undertaken to rescue ; strug gling on against fanatic cours e without, and weakness, frailty, halt -heartedness within ; seeing the hearts of thoe in whom he was forced to trust grow fainter and f&iuter; by degrees, in spite of his constant struggles against the effects of hope deferrt 4 upon them „ And then, when the reward waB just with? in his reaoh — not personal honours, for wbiob fie oared so little, but what to him was th dearest object, the reeooe of those whom ' j-i— he had un.jerfs ken to save if possible— rta ir.se ail by treachery, tne treason of those he " Had . trusted and forgiven. V; i Trust makes troth,' says the proverb,"; and Gordon had proved the truth of it again and again. But it failed him ; the enduranoe of some who had long wavered was now quite worn out, and bo He was killed, and all his heroic work nullified, all those who had depended onghis efforts for safety being destroyed with him. I was a perfectly ma udening thought that the ship suonld founder thus In the entrance of the harbour, aud after so many tedious marches, thirst-sufferings, struggles against the foroeB of nature, desperate battles, and widespread misery and wretchedness, they should be just a couple of days too late. So little would have done it. A week's earlier start, s little mere energy in some clerk, tailor, bootmaker, shipwright— who knows?. i.ke mina eeecaa forced in sach a ease to try to fix blame upon somebody. There was no redeeming feature for She most per severing maker of the best of things to turn to. Experience gained. There was no use iu it, fur Gordons do not orop up every century. His example? The lesson cf it was spoiled, since his devotion resulted in failure, and he died in tbe bitterness of feenng that his efforts had not been appre ciated, and that he had keen but lukewarmly supported. We do not mean to imply that this was 80\. History must judge of that. We know only partial lects, and our judgment must also necessarily be affeoted by our feelings. But it is to be feared that is seemed so to him. _ The moon rose, and gloomy thoughts were lightened. There was no enemy in sight and talk began to oironlate amongst the me>! Captain Reece, for his part, was inolinei to forget everything else in his delight at having given the enemy the slip. To attack with tbe less of bnt one man wounded, and he was doing welij was a legitimate source of satisfaction. It is true that he was not out of tba wood yet ; the Arabs who had chased Straouaa might belong to a large body that had seized Shebacat. This proved not to bs the case, however, and a halt was call 3d at the wells snere. First the men where supplied, and Strachan's horee had a good satisfactory drink, and then the camels got au instalment of water. Then they mounted again, and pushed on to Abu Klea, where they arrived at sunrue, and Reece reported himself to ihe office in command with a feeling of intense relief. He had got well out of it, at any rate, and Tom Strachan also had &uco; ari pushed bis mission satisfactorily ; and next day he returned to headquarters, not, however, withont having seized tbe opportunity of a short unnoticed interview with his old chum Kavanagh before he started. (TO BK contintjed ) 