SILYEKTON. P?rom our own Correspondent.ji December 191,. 188#. Down in your part of the countiy peopfe ore busy this time of the- year, but ss we have no- crops of any kind to bother us we- are quite the reverse here. We are in. a mineral . country, and that is about the only thing* we .direct our attention to, though I must say the trade of the town is flourishing. Money is plentiful, but' don't ask me where it come» from. There- is one thing I cannot make out.. We; are ia the; district where yoa get your supply of mutton, from, and yet we-have to, pay 5cL and 6d; a lb*, for it here. Beef is equally deadend bread of very inferior quality 5d, a loaf, 21b.; other things- in. proportion.. - The weather here is very trying, close and! sultry, with & dfead^ sickly heat. 1 ridiculed; John Smgil for his- proposed railway from; here to. Morgan, but I can see his object now. A bathe in. the river would: be acceptablej, e ven. if you had to. travel 200; or 300 miles to< get it. What would Councillor Mokwy say. to. that if the- Mavor had to defray. the expenses ?• Well' (feme, Jrohn,. yoa keep your teaoLint their proper places,, but don't oppose the usual , allowance forraEreshmenbs. after each, meeting,. Ton give your time for nothing, but make them pay for your drinks. That is how it used' to be- done in. the food. old. days. o£ Kapundu,. £ see there is a great hubbub in GHawler about Sergeaut Lgahy.. Lt is a strange thiag that no matter where he has been: stationed ifL your colony hehas-madeenemies. His is not like your Mr.. Grantbut why the- Commis sioner holds forhim, in; all his troubles- is. ai mystery to more than the Gawler people ; but a. man without a name is nobody, and. Leahy's, is becoming widely, circulatedi There-are- a- great many leaving here and? Broken. Hill for the Christmas holidays, and, 1^ am told many of the Burra and Moonta miners- do not intend to- return*. Mining in, Broken H^ll is not the- same ap. in.the other ' mines about here.. The men- get what is: called:," leaded*"' andt once." leaded," I am, told* their after days are not much-pleasure to, them, I have, seen someofi'tfaem; here, agd, they appear 1%> he aimpsb walkjng^ ghosts. Ib, is, said: our medical talent- is nob the- bestj and, 'cLon't mention, lawyers. I wish. I had a> diploma, iff it was only a forged one. This is thp last epistlp you, will hav<e froox, me before the day of rejoicing-, and. t wish, yon. and your readers many a happy Christmg?*.. 