CRUMBS. Jane. More rain. More rain. Vale—The JapB. Bonlanger shelved. Who is to be leader ? Basking on the Sunbeam. Pensioners ail long livers. Sympathy with Mr. Bray. Obit,—Sir CharleB Cooper. Taffey objects to be tithed. Russia sulky over Bulgaria. Railway revenue looking up. Sparrow nuisance increasing. Water Commission returned. Ocean mail tenders accepted. Obit.—Rev. T. W. Bray, M.A. Railway alterations on June 1. Welshmen getting troublesome. English wheat market hardening. Mr. Ruskin is rough on bicycling. Pastor Chiniquy denies being dead. Railway revenue for April, £54,000. More shareholders grossly deceived. Sly grageelliag the curse of Hergott. General Boulaoger can't be got rid of. Sunbeam carries 9,200 yards of canvas. Borrow at 4 per cent, and deposit at 2£. Cradock ghost goes to roost at daylight. The Port people are great at boycotting. Mounted Infantry companies increasing. Boulanger all ready for friend Bismarck. Rabbits are worrying New South Wales. Gawler Ostrich Farm a thing of the paBt. The ladies are gushing over the Sunbeam. Dr. Price has cbarge of Teetulpa Hospital, Ridleyton North wants a road, Mr. Cogliu. Lady Brassey off to Silverton last Wednes day. Gamins of Paris casting about for barricade sites. Communist Rocheforb coming to the front again. Stealing beehives is the latest develop ment. A Brassey Cup for S.A.Y.C.'s nest re gatta. Coal eoam discovered in Northern Ter ritory. Foreigners to be boycotted out of Russian Poland. George Cotton's fad aat upon by R..A, Society. Late Mr. Singleton's estate rained at £37,000. Mr. J. JEL Angas will stand for ths Council. C-onldn't somebody favour us with a "Jubi lee Jig !" The misfortune of S.A. is the lack of indi vidual ty. Will Lord Brassey see J a change of Ministry ? The dilemma of the Ministry has only got one Hotn. Four to one agaiast the Ministry is the caucus tip. Mr. Stock sneers at a guinea an hour. Oh, dash it all! Woman cut to pieces In railway tunnel near Murrupdie, Dublin Jubilee to be attended by one of the Princes. Lazy unemployed to be boycotted from all public works. An increased land tax, and perhaps pro gressive, Eh! Federated Jacks rapidly killing Australian coasting trade. Where are our rising young orators at the bar and pulpit! Viceregal receptions gaining in attendance and popularity. Will the Port carters boycott the Govern ment Railways! Melbourne Centennial Exhibition expected to cost £100,000. Bishop O'Reilly has been 16 years on the miBBion in W.A. • Treasurer Johnnie likely to have another sparrow deputation. Railway competing with Port carters. Is that something new ! Legislation wanted as to miserable little township allotments. Whataapleudid advertisement the Customs can give by a seizure V Government House proving a friend to dressmakers and tailors. Japanese presents for Port, Old sword for new kick. Uood for evil. Half of our last loan to be deposited at 21 per cent, with the local Banks. Female nurse in Asylum has 100 patients to look after. Retrenchment ? Fifty' policemen have pronounced the Exhibition galleries " all right." Hod. Tarlto-i hopes we will soon welcome John Chinaman with open arms. Thirty years of Parliament, and is not responsible Government a farce ? If all sweeps are to be licensed, where is , the Solomon to determine them ? The Ministry have dropped the property ' tax like a silly child a hot potato. Baron Nordensbjold won't join with Vic toria in her Antarctic exploration. I It iz karacteristik of sum men that thay kan orlways find time four an oath. The loss of life at sea on the Australian coast was abnormally high last year. Duke and Duchess of Connaught have left Bombay for a jubilee visit to Mamma, Will Sir Jack lay on the table a copyoi the policy he prepared before he left! Is it true that each student of the Adelaide | University haB cost tbe country £5,090 ? The new Bishop of Port Augusta is a man I of great urbanity and a popular preacher. What is tbe Social Parity Society about to permit girlB to be decoyed from Adelaide? Much-beloved Bishop Ituace, oi Wilcaaais, I includes in bis See Riverina and Silverton. [ It is safe to say that John Ruskin doesn't hold shares in a Tram or Railway Company. No use Britishers fancying they can dig and delve in such a paradise as New Guinea. Would anybody growl if provisional teachers were granted free passes to Exhibi 1 tion ? I "Some of the ladies' dresses were greatly admired." Was this the sum total of admira tion? South-Eastern people agitating for selection of land under deferred payment and Local i Boards. Sir Charles Cooper drew a pension of £1,000 per annum from South Australia for 25 years. Having muddled over the property tax the Government propose to meddle with the land tax. The idea of the many millions of Cbina fretting at what the few thousands in Aus tralia ao. The bnmp of imitation being developed amongst the German buglers. French calls admired. Plenty of ties on Saturday, but what about the beaux? Will the author please explain tbis pun ? Wanted by several business men, a sponge to wipe out stains on conscience and character. The Marine Board are happily taking a serious view of the cases of neglect to carry sidelights. In Japan there were 38 millions of people and not a single acre unoccupied or un developed. " Patriotism is equal to the sense of individuality reflected from every other indi viduality." Why is it that no one—not even the horny handed—will give 6. W. C. credit for good intentions ? Our General hit upon the right idea when he proposed the formation of mounted in fantry companies. Master bakers prefer the cash weekly system; so do most people, yet they cannot get what they want. His Excellency will have to purchase stme Jubilee horses and indulge in much Jubilee expenditure this year. If Lord Brassey became a Colonial Governor he wonld run Lord Carrington hard for pre miership in popularity. Jack, with his eight hours a day and over time, and no responsibility, is now infinitely better off than shipmasters. Prospect of, Australasian Maritime and other Unions being swamped by capital, Chinese, and Lascars ere long. What is that you would not have at any price, yet when once obtained would not part with it for £1,000 ? A bald head. France now "between the dei'l and the deepsea"—The Czar won't have Floquet, and the Raise,- doesn't want Boulauger. When a husband's dog matical and a wife cat-egorical there's nothing bnt worrying and scratching to the end of the chapter. The fancy for orchids shows no sign of decline. A new orchid—an odontagtoasum— has just been sold in London for £81. To the excuBe that a man muBt steal, a great authority has said a man is not hound to live, but he is obliged to be honest. The poor fellows of the fishing boat seem to have clung to the top of the mast till they could hold no longer, and no help came. If protective Victoria is such a working man s paradise, why do the horny- handed leave her so freely for freetrade Sydney? Liquidators' arithmetic —Take £174,91L from £30G,G9Q; £75.000 may remain. Ask Model School boys, limited to age of 9 years. The S.A. Parliament, with all ita faults, has not witnessed the disgraceful behaviour recently witnessed in the House of Commons. Alteration of time of departure of mai steamers from Adelaide necessary to enable Sydney to share benefits of intercolonial rail way. A member of the B.A.S, proposes that every person who has a gun should go spar row shooting for a day during Jubilee cele bration. How is that the Government will not make a search for the missing fishermen? Beach patrolling by busy constables is a poor apology. Mr, E. T. Smith, M.P., with his charac teristic generosity has given a trophy worth 40 guineas to be fired for at the Jubilee Rifle Meeting. In Cape Colony and Natal we have 3.265 officers and men, 1,714 at Hongkong, 1,357 at the StraitB Settlements, and 1,456 at Halifax, Nova Scotia. Seamen who persist in careering over the ocean without carrying lights should, when caught, be punished with as little mercy as they show to others. Sydney has confirmed the trnth that the river wool trade in good seasons must come to South Australia, railways and cutthroat freights notwithstanding. An " Old Pioneer" aBks—" Why oan't the Treasurer engage the ' unskilled' uuemoloyed in trundling the children of the Day Nursery about in perambulators?" Colonial Mutual Life Association has erected a novel and striking advertisement— itB name in gilt letters over 2 feet long over the office in King William-street. The Chinese Commissioners strongly object—and justly—to their countrymen having to pay a poll tax every time they travel from one colony to another. Now, then, ladies, emulate Lady Brassey's noble example, and dispatch your surplus literature to tbe Marine Board for the U3e of the lonely light-keepers on oar seaboard, {Prince Imperial killed, June 1,1879 :— May He, the Friend of woe and want, Who heats life's various Hounds, Protect and guard the mother plant, And heal her cruel wounds! "A Non-Anglican Layman" ^suggests the following revised version" Who are the Anglicans?—God's chosen people. Who are the Dis-enters ?—All the people except the Anglicans." There are some pecularities amongst Chinese gentlemen which we have not. They do not shake hands, but instead they clasp their own hands together and make a cere monious bow. Venerable Bade died May 26, 735:— The pitying heart that felt for human woe; The dauntless heart that feared no human pride; The friend of man, to vice alone a foe; For ev'n his failings leaned to virtue's side. Sir Henry Loch hoped that China would be represented in some way at the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition. It would be only saying the truth that General Ho could not help a broad smile. Paganini died May 29, 1840 :— Ye surely ba'e seme warlock breef Owre human hearts: For ne'er a bosom yet was prief Against your arts. In pursuance of Chinese custom, the Com missioners also avoided at the Melbourne reception asking after Lady Loch, because " the ladies" are neverenquired for io China. This is one of the points where civilizatiou shows out. Voltaire died, May 30,1778 :— Every hope is fled, Every fear is terror; Slumber ev'n I dread, Every dream is horror. What is the dilference of Professor Ander son's Cabinet and tbe Cabinet of the Govern ment? One has top, bottom, sides, and a spirit, whilst the other has neither top, bottom, sides, nor Bpirit. The author got £3 for that conundrum. A country paper, acknowledging the re ceipt of a pamphlet favouring protection, says:—We once read a book written to prove that the world is flat, and we are now pondering over the problem which author is the greater " crank." Re Payment of Members Mr. F. Wright writesIt would be more reasonable to give tbe public an opportunity of gauging the value of their coming services to the country before calling on it to make provision for their personal remunerations." Tbe list o! Queen Elizabeth's dresses in 1,600 showB us that she had then only 99 robes, 126 kirtles, 269 gowns (round, loose, and French), 136 fore parts , 125 petticoats, 27 fans, 96 cloaks, 83 safeguards, 85 doublets, 18 lap mantles. Coronation of Alexander III. of Russia, May 27,1883 -. Frae morn to e'en it's nought but toiling At baking, roasting, frying, boiling: An' though the gentry first are stechin, Yet even the ba' folk fill their pechan. A "mending office" for bachelors has been established in New York. Here socks are darned, buttons sewn on, and other neces sary repairs made at small charges for the benefit of Bingle men who have no feminine belongipgs to care for their garments. Original Tay Bridge opened, May 30, 18J8:— As yet ye little ken about the matter. But twa-three winters will lniorm ye better. When heavy, dark, continued, a'-day rains, IVi' deepening deluges b'arflow the plains. The contrast of the present season with that of this time last year, when the sheep in the North were dying by thousands, and hardly a lamb was reared, is veiy marked, and gives assnranoes of a good year for the pastoral interest under any circum stances. The conveners of the committees of the PresbyterieB of the Established, United Presbyterian, and Free Churches have written to the Edinburgh Town Council asking that Fast-days should be abolished, and two half-yearly public holidays appointed in their place. Some 200 pictures are being painted by artists who usually contribute to the Groa venor Gallery, with & view to exhibition in Australia. They will be sent out in August, and the exhibition will be opened in Mel bourne in October. The pictures will after wards be taken to Sydney. When Sir Henry Loch was in China he be lieved that he waa called " Ti Say." What ever " Ti Say" may mean, it is not in its turn to be compared to " Nee Ti Say," that is to say, " you are great prophet," this being the term addressed to the Melbourne Governor when he was on the verge of that "durar ce vile" which so very few men have lived through and been able to speak of after wards. _ The system of spelling iu "ye ancient Englishe" style is nowadays getting exces sively vulgarized. In the window of an undertaker's warehouse iu London may be seen a ticket bearing the announcement— " Ye Chepe Funeral Eetablysbmente." After this it will not be surprising to find business intimations of "frved fyshe' or "cattis mete' displayed, or to discover that bills are put into the hands of street passengers stating that at certain shops " Ye hieste pryse is given for raggis and bcaneB." An afflicted rhymster thus pours out his soul Whilst good Queen grieves, Sir John he leaves The white cliffs' ragged shore. Bis heart is Bad, cigatB was bad. So sighs for home once more. But, oh 1 what joy. Bis new-made toy Makes music on nis ear. Sir John 1 Sir John 1 go bravely on, It seems to say most clear. A sound like Bray Floats on the spray, Belay not gallant knight, If theu wouldst see tne jubilee Be snores, outgoes the light. An English contemporary says:—The Jubilee is being iu»t a little overdone. We aee Jubilee trouseralSs. 6d„ Jubilee bustles that play "God Save the Queen" when the wearer sitB down, Jubilee perriwinkles, &c.; The following lines therefore oan hardly be called an exaggeration TO JOBU.EE lOYEBS. On a Jubilee atile sat a Jubilee youth, With a Jubilee pipe in his Jubilee mouth; On bis Jubilee hack was a Jubilee coat, And a Jubilee collar rouud his Jubilee throat. With thlB Jubilee youth was a Jubilee dog, Hunting Jubilee frogs in a Jubilee bog; On his Jubilee side rat a Jubilee girl, On whose Jubilee bead lay a Jubilee curl. In that Jubilee field was a Jubilee bull, Bating Jubilee turnips his hunger to lull ; When that Jubilee youth asked that Jubilee miss From her Jubilee lips far a Jubilee kiss. As that Jubilee btdl raised bis Jubilee head, Saw her Jubilee hair was a Jubilee red, Flashed his Jubilee eyes, raised his Jubilee tall, Tossed the Jubilee lovers o'er the Jubilee rail. 