ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. A SPEAKING STONE. [St Ab-Oeiginaio "That should mora The very stones of Borne to mutiny." — Julius Caesar. " It was decided at the last Council meeting of the Glenelg Corporation to cat away the face of the Institute foundation-stone and let in a marble slab bearing the inscription—' Glenelg Town Hall, 1887. W. F. Stock, Mayor.' This has now been done, and the name of the layer of the original atone, Sir Henry Ayers, is no longer to be seen there. This action has resulted in severe criticism on the part of some Glenelg residents, who think that Sir Henry's name should not have been erased."— Register. In ancient days, the record says, Idolaters were known To how in awe before their law, And worship Stock and Stone! But that old creed has had indeed So terrible a shock, Tbey won't agree to worship me; They only worship Stock. To those old men were equal then Both mine and Stock's degree. They rendered both, with nothing loth, The due idolatry; Now I'm displaced and sore disgraced (Ah, what a nasty knock I); I bare to do him homage too, For Stone now praises Stock. Why this should be's a mystery; For all that now is known Of law or order came through me, On tables made of Stone. My rival once obeyed my will, And held by chains and locks. Fools who were handed on for the Correction of the StockB. But now men quote the law by rote; My day of power is past, I can't expect the least respect From each iconoclast. And e'en my quiet, polished Ayers They now presume to mock, For they distract attention from The glory due to Stock 1 Alas 11 now cry " Ichabod!" He'B run me off the course I Glenelg prefers the other god ! The Mayor's the better horse 1 You'd think him safe to land your bet, ties that slim, shapely bock 1 Hold fast 1 the Bay may pass him yet, Although he's splendid Stock! But idle 'tis for me to talk And idler still to worry, For he it is must be the hawk, And I must be the quarry; Ah, yes, bis Slocking 0 !)-borse I'll be t And now my tale I'll dock, And put a bridle on my rhyme Ere I exhaust my Stock 1 O witch of Endor t Cradock ghost 1 Your visits are not vain 1 bet not tills glorious chance be lost 1 " Do right between us twain 1" Ob, call up Michael Angelo, For be and be alone Can join us both. The people then Could worship Stock in Stone 1 "The zeal of owners of old curioB who wish to assist the Belie Committee in making the old colonists' court attractive is worthy of the oause," says Hugh Kalyptus. " The other day a communication was received from a well-meaning? pioneer up-country to the effect that he had a buliook-dray identi fied with early hiBtory of the colony, and would be happy to lend it for exhibition in the old colonists' court if asked, Now, this was a very good, kind offer, and might have been accepted if the old oolonists' oourt were a little larger than the builock dray, but aB it is not there would be no room to pnt this ancient conveyance. The relic would have been more interesting if the iden tical bullocks of fifty years ago, the pioneer Poleys, Boxers, Gingers, and Blackies oould have been sent with it, By-the-way, bullock drays in the pioneer times had a oertain standing; they were the carriages in which the luxurious early oolonists went to weddings, took their friends for a drive, and used to go to Churoh in, even if the dray did not serve as a pulpit for the pioneer parson. Here is a sequel to the paragraph about the eccentric old newspaper runner "Admiral" Ben Payne, who, with his " Gothic steed" and Smithfield cattle-dog, established himself as an identity in the early days of the Register. A correspondent tells us that the dog, which was as muoh a character as his master, fell from the path of virtue and stole a leg of mutton from a man named Cathrie, who shot him near a paling fence on the road to Enfield. The old Admiral once fell over theembankment of the river while absorbed in reckoning up his day's buBinesB transactions on his fingers. 