Sports and Pastimes. ? ^ . BY "VEUAX." ? :--:X : :TJIE wtights for the . Queensland 'Jubilee Plate.and Turf Club Handicap\vero'Oiifc on Tuesday afternoon. ; Tlie scalo commences at 0, st. 7 lbs. and ends at 0 st. 3 lbs. in the formcr and 9 st. 8. lbs. to C ^t; 4 lbs. in the latter. Pirate is at last elevated to the.proud position-of top weight, with Yabba close up. This is somewhat of a feather iii my cap, for 1 luivo always considered Pirate ? about the best horse wo have. : Still-1 'hardly fancy M'Gill will be .pleased with the weight, and to' give My Love GObs. and 4 lbs. is, rather. too much of a good thing. PirateV I should ima gine,.will hardly do this, good horse though'he is. .-??My LovoV running of late has been very erratic, but ou some of-, the form sho has shown ,she .holds both Pirate, and Yabba safe'-. If Yabba wins here, ho will'incur a penalty iii all his racos.down south,, which" »ould effectually extinguish any chance ho might have beeu possessed of. Comet, 8 st. 10 lba. and 8..st.; 12 lbs., is- badly treated. Parody hns had a.rise in the weights with 8 st. 4 lbs. \- and S'st.i & lbs., and this will, I think, stop her. . Ormond can havo no.chance if. his recent form is,correct, a\\\d Wethorondalo bus gono oiV a .good deal. Lauristina, on. the other hand, is running well into form* and 7 st. 7 lbs. and 7 .ht; 10 lbs. is not too much for her. Gloire do . Dijon, 7 «t. lllbs., shows form occasionally, ,'but'I do not think he is as good; as he looks. Norman is not badly in, und neither is Clarence, "whilst Rainbow, with G'st. . 13 lbs., might be dangerous. Touchstono is also given a chance with G st. U lbs. Belvidere is not over weighted, and Ascot imd Warkworth have no cause to .grumble. ..',In tho Jubilee Plate My Love, Lauristina, and Belvidero read well, and for tho Q.T.C. Handicap Lauristina, Norman, Rainbow, and My Lovo havo' a show;. but more about theso events ho^ week. The; iraportanco which is attached to the Melbourne. Cup this year by horso owners may .bo judged'of from the fact that only 15 havo . declared off at the first acceptance. In a big handicap liko thissuch a state of aftairshns, 1 venture. to say, nover hardly been known before.- v Tho handicapper is, no doubt, mainly ' responsible for this, and yet the tompting prizo '. oI £-2ti)00 may have had a good deal to do with \- it. . Tins is a isiirn of money that a man does . not get the chanco to race for every day. and^a . horse that has a ghost of a show will be kept in .on tho off chance of some of the cracks going wrong. I havo known men at homo wcratch their horses because they have thought they : bad no, chance at tho weights, aud yet when .. Bomo of those thoy know could beat them havo : given way and gono wrong, tlioy havo been very Borry for tho prompt action thoy took. Every liorfsc- that Btarts for the Melbourne Cup thin | year will, I firmly believe, bo sent to win. Besides the honour and glory of the thing, there wiU bp a big stake at the end of it, and no,end of beta. Thero should be more wagering over the Cup thin year than has been the case for many a lout* day. Many horses will lie ..heavily backcd, HO that there, will he a good chanco of getting some fair'odds. Tlic only huwc that appears to me likely to start a red hot favourite-bar, of course, the Derby winner-13 Silver Prince. T inalce this state ment advisedly, because the New Zealandera will rush him, and many more in these colonics will back hun. He has arrived safe and sound, and if lie gets on with his preparations well he will be backed for heaps of money. Ho may win and ho may not, but on. all form ho must have a rare chance. He is ar chestnut horse, 4 years old, "by Anteros- Sylvia, and' has" not a blemish, so I hear. Silvcrmine is an old friend of mine, and HO is Trenton, and both will be in it. If Trident could not win hist year witli his light weight, I fail to; see how he is to do it this year with a crusher. The .only horses scratched that had any chanco at all are Sheet -Anchor and Grace. Darling. :I am glad they aro.outVbecausclwtH wouldhnvo been backed if left in. It is a long way to look ahead, but I fancy .the .Melbourne; Cup will be,-won. by SilverPnnce,;Silverminc,. Abncr, or Matador. .The.V.B.C viperby will, I think, be a more open race than some. people imagine. f Marr tindale,?. thebestauthority ixv Sydney, says: ,'<f On Tuesday, last I paid my first visit to the course- I must say that I was very deeply im pressed witli the appearance of both .Craubrook aiid Australian Peer. Craubrook is a splendid specimen of the t. thoroughbred, horse, and far and away .the biggest hvo-year-old of his year. All the Chestera have plenty of size. There is nothing .ungainly, however, about Craubrook. Ho moves^well,.and appears to. have plenty of pace. jf:I,must, however, sec more of him before I venture to say ,,tJiat his. neck will be graced with* a Hue ribbon either at Rand wick .? or Flemington.: But even at this- early stage I feel assured that he, will be a, viery^ troublesome customer! . On Tuesday ho galloped over a mile and a quarter ui a most satisfactory manner. "With Abercorn the .touts are not altogether pleased^ Ho appears to be -a< trifle sore, but maybe it is only temporary and will wear off/? : . The AustraHanPeer is, I.hear, doing great work, and I; am sure all in. Queensland, and more especially Mr. W. H. Kent, would be glad to sce him win. At aiiyrate, if lie goes on well he >viE not disgrace the colony. Moor house is also well, and moves very freely, nnd he will be a dangerous horse. Then we have Niagara, the Now Zealander,. a horse that Maorilanders - swear by. The winner will coine, Infancy, from Craubrook .or Niagara, with danger from, the Australian Peer and Moorhouse. If I picked: it 111: one now, it would be Niagara. . . I have received from the secretary of the Hawkesbury Race Club a very neat programme containing the entries and weights for the big handicaps at the September meeting. The little book, also contains-nominations for. the Hawkesbnry Guineas, Produce Stakes/ Claret Stakes, 1S88, and Guineas and Produce Stakes) 1888\. It is ft most useful, well* printed book. For the Queensland Derby .next November there should be a irood race. I have always fancied Lord Headington, and do so still. If he' trains on he will haw a chanco second to uono for: tho' event. Touclistonc - is another good performer, whilst , Rose and Sir Anthony aro not to be detrpiscd.,: If M'Gill gets Jasmiiie all right she will be handy.'. Athlete by Capti - vator- Airowflight by Hawthornden is a good colt.', 'Then tliero'are amongst. the dark lot Expert, cli c by;, Melbourne-Explosion, by Fireworks; Mr. J. Sweeney's b clalsetto, by Capfcivatbr-Tivolitj*, by KelpieRose of Australia,.by Melbourne out of LB Grand'S sister, , .Legerdemain;; Andrew- ^ NicholTs | Ilbogan, by Mozart but cf - Ailsie; John Einme's Double Strain, by Robinson Crusoe- : Maid Marian (half-sister "Goldsborough, Robin I IIooil, and Martini Henry; -and Andrew I LoderV Belgard, ; by Tho Drummer out of I Bclvoirina; ; ?' Wetheroudalc, who was very ill after the Rockhampton races, has, I hear, come on again, and is now nearly all. right. I hope. the old horse will keep on his legs for many a day yet; Rainbow, by . Epigram-Rosebud, by Now "SVnrrioi out of sister to Tartar, by Tambcrlane, is a verv blood like racing filly. She would havo wou tho Maiden Plato in a trot with the disqualified Gladiator out of the.way. She has grown considerably and into a fino mare. Tramp is, I hear, in work again, but will not be fit to race yet.. . . ;! ; Mr. AV. Mooney was unfurhiuatc to lose his colt, Borderer. .Borderer met with such a severe accident at exertise .that . it was deemed expedient, to., send, him to the happy limiting grounds." He was a fine chestnut colt, by ^Melbourne- Nasturtium, by Kingston - Safcmella, by Chatterbox - the "Waterloo marc... He ;vn as bred by -"Williams at Tenterfield, but he went to Mr. Ross, of Taranganba, near Rockhampton, and it was from that gentleman Mr. Mooney got him. It ia 110 joko losing a good horse like this, and I must express regret at tho accident that terminated what promised to bo a brilliant career for Borderer^ Mr. Mooney is building training stables out at Eaglo Farm, so that lie will be near tho course, and; he has at present Yabba, Gloirc do Dijon, Sleep, Grab, and The Eiiit. Tho last two aro yearling*. Grab is by Melbourne- Gamos, aud The FHrt by Rioter - Ciuiucia, by Lauroato out of tho imported nuro Cadeau, by,Lord L3*on. As Mr..M'Gill is also building stables out at Eaglo Farm thero will soon bo quito a colony down there, aud a horsey colony, too. . , Mr. John Tait, secretary pro tem.; of the Trotting and Driving Club, has .called a meet ing for Monday night at -tho Australian Hotel, and I hope there will bo a large attendance, Thoro ia plentv of room in Brisbano for such a olub as this, and die prizos given by the National Association this year should givo* tho game a little impetus. . Mr. Tait, I am sure, will work the thing up woll, as hois fonu of a good trotter himself. , ; . ', The llerberton Advertiser. 1ms the. following very sen Bible remarks,. which bfi.w out - all I luivc said",Oil -tliis subject: "It'is timo tlidt KOIIIO kUjjis ahould.be taken by. the raeiug men of the north to effect a. reconciliation between the IjorUi Queenland fiacing Association and the Queensland Turf Club. The present re lations between the two authorities would bo amusing- were thoy not pernicious, arid'must awaken astonishment in anyone unacn uaiuted with the cause of the estrangement. Who ever has been to blame it is high time, in the interests of horse owners and breeders, that' the hatchet should bo buried. 'A little com mon sense and tact would soon heal the breach, and instead of two rival and recriminating' associations, we would soon have two societies working harmoniously for common objects the (suppression of everything dishonest and; :ln^ tl'o encouragement of everything' straightforward and honourable in connection ?with the turf." . . At a committee meeting of the Maryborough Jockey Club, there were present: Dr. Garde (chair), Messrs. J. Mahoney, S. D. Scougall F. R. Ravcnliill, and A. JbY Sapsford. ? The programme of the Spring Meeting, to beheld on tnc 29th and 30th September, was com pleted. Tlio sum of £105 is offered in added money, and the meeting will doubtless bo well patronised. Mr. K. Johnson, P.M., was elected on the committee in tho place of Mr. J. il. Cheny. Considerable improvements are to be made in the training track. / ' .The programme of the Eeenleigh,races on P 2nd of September, will be^ound in another column. Thero are seven races down, and the stakes are good. The principal events are the Keeeleigh Handicap of £100, and the Flying Handicap of £50. Then there is the Trial Stakes, Bashford Trophy, Selling Race, All- aged Stakes, and Consolation Race. Aoininations for the Beenleigh and Flyin" Handicaps close on the 9th instant, and the weights are declared "on the lGtli. General entry day 2fith. . Mr.,, James. M-Cowan. is the hon. secretary. .. Bundaberg races were not a brilliant success. On the first day Mr. Skyring's Ida scored her maiden win in the Trial Stakes; beating-Char coal, Taunton, and Dick, in 1 min. 57 sees. As I surmised, Malta (S st 3 lbs.) was " all there " in the Town Plate, winning in a canter from Blair Athol and Nonsuch in '2. mins. 5Q£ sees. Melin won the Didies' Pnrse easily from Dynamite; and Lauristina, after'a grand race, defeated Melin by a neck for. the Corinthian Cup; Enigma third. On the second day Malta opened the ball by winning the'Visitors' Plate from linigma, -Melin scoring an easy victory in the Ladies' Bracelet from Nonsuch "and Sultan. Tri the Publicans' Purse Euigma defeated Ida and His Worship. The Mulgrave Handicap was left to Lauristina (8 sfc. 3 lbs.) and Malta, the mare winning as die pleased. The District Plate" was also a gift to Lauristina. "The Consolati n Handicap was secured bv Dyna mite, after a splendid race with Blair Athol. The chances of the "miffhty New Zea lander'' competing on: the "Australian turf during the spring'campaign arediscussed as under by the sporting writer of the Arcw Zealand Herald: "The lenient treatment Nelson re ceived in the New Zealand Cup seemed to leave no doubt in the minds of the great majority of Auckland turfites'that'ITajor Georcre would throw down the gauntlet at Kiccarton rather tlian send the son.of Eing Cole over to trv con clusions with the cracks at "Flemington*; but the persistent manner in which a well-known follower, of the stable has beeninquiring the horse's price for the . Melbourne Cup has causcd the,; small punters .;a little dis may. The other night all the .100's to 1 on offer about the horse for. the big Flemington race were acoepted, and an offer to take 1000 to 15 remained unsatisfied. I learn that Major George has not yet made up his mind which race to go for, so that backers should not be too rash in their investments, or they may find themselves in the same'plight as over the last DunedinCup, wheii the horse was sent to Aus tralia, and left them lamenting over the fact that they had a non-goer, in their books instead of a 1 speeler.' No doubt by the time the first forfeit becomes due (August 1) Major George will lune finally made, up his mind which race ho iuteuds going for, and until such is known backers would do well to be cautious." " Australian-bred >acing stock seem to be highly thought of in America, judging by the following excerpt from the New lork Sports min : " Some months ago the Sportsman"1 s cor respondent at San Francisco notified us of the arrival there of two good racehorses from Aus tralia. They were imported by Mr. J. K. Newton. One is a black, foaled August 29, 1SS4, called True Briton, and got bv John Bull out of Ruby, by Tim AVhiiHer. Tile other is a bay, foaled on September 24th, 1SS5, called Goldsborongh, Junior, sou of Golds borough, who is the sire' of many great horses. He is now the property, of Senator Hearst, Mr. i llaggin's partner in business. The cost i is described as a large, handsome animal, who looks like . a . racehorse.: True Briton is now in training at the Oakland course, and; Mr. Joseph Cairn Simpson speaks as follows about him: "We are much pleased with him both galloping and at rest. Matt. Stonis, who trains him, says that he lias a great flight of speed, and with that first essential of a racehorse he should not bo lack ing in the other requirements. Mr. Stonis tells us that lie ran . the home- stretch in 24 i sees., with a good lump of weight, over 120 lbs.,- and that,; so soon after being put in training, must be acknowledged a very fine performance. He is a highly-finished colt, and lus form all- through is superior. His blood is fashionablo iu the Antipodes, so that the prime qualities, of breeding, form, and speed appear to be uuited. He is of, fair size, considering that his birthday comes near the latter end of August, aud f back home' he would rato as a two-year-old until the first of his natal month.. He is a muscular colt, and we shall await his racing with a good deal of interest/-" The salo of the Queen's yearlings at Hamp ton Ccnrt is always sure to bring .a large and fashionable company together, aud the.atten dance on Juno IS proved no exception to the rule. Tho ,29 youngsters sold brought in the substantial aggregate of: 7,950 guineas, an average of, ear, 27-4 guineas. It was a dead j heat for top price between it filly by Hampton from Land's End, purchased by Lord Hodney, und the colt by Rosicrueian from Eglentyne, . "who fell to Mr. Douglas Baird'sncd, the prico j for each beings 1,050 guineas. Eglentyne, it ? "will be remembered, i-j the darn of Briarroot ami Woodland, both by Springfield, and they ; Avon the chief events "on the Jfriday in Whit , .week both at itauchejjter and Sundown Park, ;the value of the two raced being close on £7,000. . Lord Rodney was again to the fore when the j colt by Jduncastcr from Rosemary was brought I into the ring, and secured him for 600 guineas, j and itfr.'R. Sherwood took the well- bred colt j by Rosici-ucian from Grami Tair at an outlay j of 620 guineas. Ryan secured the colt by | Springfield out of Furiosi* for 550 guineas, pro | bably on behalf1 of ]3Ir. Houldaworth,- and | several other . good prices "wcre obtained. . In fact, but for a very insignificant tail the average ! would have been greatly improved. . 