THREE KISSES. CHAPTER IV. ANTICIPATIONS. BY CLAVERLEY, Author of " The Secret of Arnsdale," " All for Love," " By-and- Bye," " For Love Alone," "The Legend of Glenpeau," &c.;, &c.; This special visit of Archie Challerton's to Stagsdean Chase was destined to be unlike any other. , , in the first place, there were lady guests to be present as well as gentlemen, for Miss Eva was considered old enough to play the part of hostess in her father's home and to receive her visitors of the fair sex. Then, too, there was a new addition to the household in the presence of a cousin. Captain Challerton cf course knew that Eva's cousin, Lenore Astley, was residing at the Chase " for always," as Eva put it in her letters. He also knew that she was the only daughter of Mr. Berner's only sister; that she was an orphan, and had spent the previous pbrtion of her life abroad; that she was " not the least bit in the world" like Eva; that she was " charming, delightful, and so beautiful —dark, and tall, and like—like"—well, Eva could not really tell what or who she was like, unless it was one of the pictures in the long gallery just walked out of the] frame to inspect the'world in its present state. Eva was simply honeetly delighted with the advent of this charming oousin, and she sang her praises continually in her letters to Archie, so that he, talking to his special friend and confidant. Captain Goulding, was want to exclaim, "Confound it all! Eva might be wanting the to fall in love with this paragon of perfection! " fm perfectly sure I shall hate her at first sight, for I've heard too mnch about her already. I wish the girl had never come there at alL Fancy having another giil always dangling about with you—to whom you're obliged to do the civil—besides the one that yon're engaged to!" Captain Goulding knew all about Archie's engagement—he had known it was looked upon as a settled thing ever since they were boys togetheT; and he was not in the least surprised to hear Captain Challerton go off at a tangent when Eva's letters contained so much in. praise of this cousin, this new arrival, that was " to stay for always." So as he listened to liis friend's outbursts, he confessed to himseif that he should not altogether like such an arrangement were he in Challerton's place. "Ill tell you what, old fellow," exclaimed Archie suddenly, upon one occasion, after he bad been expatiating over one of Eva's letters, and doing a little "confounding" to that other girL "Suppose you come down with me for onr * leave.' You like sport, you know, and-sport is good at Stagsdean; and then, you know, you might make yourself agreeable to this Miss What's her-n&me;! " You are not' booked,' you know, and if she is only one-tenth part as nice as Eva makes her out, you won't find it dull to play the amiable in the evenings after sport is over! 'Now, for old acquaintance's sake, just w vmm will wwwMs " And kavtnw ^ali^gfg^ kckin i from under his drooping moustache, : while he ' at his cigar, awaiting his , think I wilt come," returned Captain Goulding, after a short interval of silence. " You have asked me often enough, in all conscience, but something has always * uy up to w yuvcu, prevent we me u™ from accepting • but this tim? there is nothing to interfere—I should only go and spend this time down at —- -,!«„„ place. » " Then I shall write to Eva and say I shall bring you at last," responded Captain Challerton, with a smile of pleasure. " Yes, HI go for the shooting; and I rather want to see Miss Bemers in the flesh—I've «M& her long enough in pasteboard. Bat, mind! I do not promise to fall in love with this grand dark beauty. Dark girls are not mr style at all. I prefer fair girls—girls like —like—like" " Like Eva ?" interrupted Captain Challerton. " Well, yes, something like her," acquiesced Captain Goulding; " a girl that would Iovb you a little bit, you know—a girl that would not mind telling yon so too sometimes. I don't think I would get on at all with a queenly sort of girl—a girl who was cold and calm, and seldom let a fellow know if she cared i ( for him at all. "What a description," supplemented you off at arm's length always, and if she lets days by thorough . _ _ _ . you go over' aU the ground again—in fact, keeps you in a'perpetnal state of worship, on your Imeea always at her shrine. A girl who certainly believes as much in the adage, * Hen serve women kneeling,' as she does in her Bible. • " I don't think I could stand that land of Iovemaking at a)L I dare say those sort of proud girls an nice enough when they love, and that they can love most awfully ana devotedly, but I don't think I could stand the ordeal of winning such a queen: besides, after I had got her I should be awfully afraid of her—I should feel that the least thing would make her stand up straight and tall, and look me out of countenance; and as to kissing her—oh, my!" And Captain Goulding whistled. " My dear fellow, what a picture !" exclaimed Captain Challerton. " What book, may I ask, did you consult to get up so graphic a description from? or, have you experienced the sublime passion for some such queen, and failed to Bubjugate her queensbip "Neither, thank goodness!" responded Captain Goulding, with a laugh. *'I hat never been in love, and I hope most sincerely my time is far off; but if ycu are anxious to know, IH tell you where I got my idea from— it was from Miss Berners' description of Miss Astley. Depend upon it she is something like this—she is one of the queenly sort, I feel convinced." "Then I should like to see her, above all things," said Captain Challerton, seriously. " My idea of a really beautiful woman, such as a man could love and devote his whole life to, is Pauline, or Juliet, or Rosalind—soma one who is queenly looking and keeps a fellow off until she is sure that she can love him. Ah ! she would love at last, depend upon it. And not kiss her! you wouldn't,, wouldn't you? but I would, I know. Did Claude Melnotte not kiss the beauty of Lyons? did Romeo not kiss Juliet ? or did Orlando not J^8^1} 11^ Ko " Via I «|£t Ut thb ^hrefehX?htr n ve 6 r d y I name sonndB like it) is not one of the proud, grand, self-contained girls that yon take'her tobe,for Td rather not meet her. seeing I am already settled as regards my future wife. "Well, yes, acquiesced Captain Goulding, acqtlieeced Captain Goulding, "best not, ar things atand, and then-he turned the conversation to camp topics, which they continued to talk over until they separated. CHAPTER V. FIRST IMPRESSIONS. The day following the foregoing conversation Captain Challerton penned an orthodox little note to Miss Eva Berners, and in it informed that young lady quite confidentially that he intended to bring down his friend Reginald Goulding, and as that 'gentleman was perfectly heart-whole, theie might perhaps—yes,' there might possibly be v< a case " D got . up . between him and this delightful cousin of hers. And in a few days after the dispatch of his own epistle he received in reply a closely-written letter from Eva, in which she stated that she quite coincided in his plan and thought it excellent—it would be all that could be desired if they could bring it to pass ; and that papa joined with herself in expressing how delighted they should be to receive Captain Goulding, who had been such a long-promised guest. Then her letter went off into lots of details respecting Stagsdean, and she explained that he would find the place very lively upon this visit, "for papa had asked lots of people, gentlemen and ladies too, enough to frighten away all j the ghosts of the aead-ana-gone Berners for ever." The letter continued to detail the programme of the proceedings for the entertainment of the guests at the Chase. They included private theatricals and some impromptu dances, and of course a lot of music (Lenore sang divinely) and—well, lots of other amusements; indeed the gentlemen were not going to have all the enjoyment to themselves with their shooting and smoking. And of course Captain Challerton duly informed Captain Goulding of the contents of Eva : s letter; and thus a few days sub sequent to its receipt the two friends found themselves the sole occupants of a smoking compartment of an express train speeding its way northward. On arriving at their destination they found that they were somewhat late, and hurried off to their respectative rooms to dress for dinner; and their travel- stains being removed, and their toilettes satisfactorily completed, Captain Challerton waited a few minutes for his friend, and then they both descended to the drawing-room, the former fully expecting to find Eva there awaiting him. Opening the door, the two men entered the apartment, but instead of Eva, Captain Challerton found himself confronting a tall, slight, pale, dark girl, dressed in an elegant dress of blue of some soft clinging texture. He h*i alw aya felt perfectly cool and selfpossessed in the company of any woman pith?rti>i but upoa encountering the clear, steadfast look of this girl, he for the first time in his life felt a nervous hesitation creep over him. She, however, came to the rescue of his embarrassment, and in a clear, low, musicil voice, in which a slight foreign acoent was discernible, explained, "1 am Lenore Astley. Eva and my uncle will be here almost directly. It is Captain Challerton, is it not ?" and she franklv held out her hand. Taking the girl's proffered hand, Captain Challerton felt himself at ease with her, and immediately presented his friend. The air being somewhat chilly, they all gathered near the file that was burning brightly in the large grate, and which was sending flickering shadows like dancing phantoms into the far recesses of the room; and when, a few minutes later, Eva and Mr. Berners entered to welcome the two men, they found them pleasantly talking with Lenore. The room in which they were thus gathered was tastefully furnished and decorated; the ceiling was painted in fresco with the representation of the birth of the goddess VenuB, the patroness of both love and beauty. Looking down upon those gathered round the fire, she was depicted with her long fair hair enshrouding her, and as just arisen from the froth of the sea, which [tinted in silver lustre as the glimmering relight touched the wavelets. Yes, there she stood with her naked feet resting upon the shell upon which she wafted to the island of Cythera, the shell appearing in all its pinkish and pearlish-Iooking beauty in transparent distinctness from underneath the glittering blue waters. Her chariot with its team of doves and swans awaited her in the dim mists of the sky, and the waters around her were alive with cupids of all sorts—cupids with wings, cupids without wings, cupids floating in the water, cupids hoveriog in the crest of the wavelets, cupids with their bows bent, cupids with their weapons passive : and among them all the goddess's attendant Nereids, and the Coryphenea, those moat beautiful and sportive inhabitants of the deep, their sides of brilliant pearly-white, resembling highly polished silver, that seemed to flash back rainbow-like rays from out of the contrasting blue of the waters. The ebony furniture was upholstered in pale canary-colcured satin, and a handsome pianoforte in a case of ebony stood near one of the windows. There were also quaint valuable cabinets in many of the recesses of the room, these containing rare china and curiously carved and. costly ivory. The walls, that were painted panel-fashion, were hung here and there with rare little specimens of art in water-colours; and upon brackets and in artistically contrived niches were little bits of exquisite sculpture, the work of some clever artist's chiseL But those who stood by the fire talking saw none of these charming accessories to the daily lives of the rich. (To be continued.) 