The Novelist PAUL CRANBOURNE'S WEDDING. " Nonsense," I remonstrated, quietly. "Return to your places, and play us something—I care not what—and 1 give you my word no harm shall befall one of you. Up with you instantly." Somewhat reassured, the cerror-stricken orchestra resumed their seats, and began to play. Had the dead Wagner but heard the sounds it would have driven his sheeted ghost from the spot in $ fright. The French horn appeared to have \ ken a sudden fit of colic, while the trombone groaned in sympathy. The fiddles screeched unmercifully, some octaves higher than the lingering of Paganini in his wildest flights of onestringed harmony ; and the fife, with a turn of lunacy in its quavering, rose high above the rest in wailing agony. My men, twenty in number, formed up and began their dance. Glancing from right to left, I noted no mirth on their faces. Stem resolution pervaded the whole. The Maories, creeping silently towards the station, saw the lights, and hearing the sounds of music, Voices, and dancing, imagined their prey secure. At a sign understood between us, my men divided and hid themselves behind the arras of foliage on each side the room, while the members of the band retreated pell-mell into the refreshment-room adjoining. Amid the silence which ensued we could hear the voices of our foes close at hand. There was a pause while one might count twenty. Then the folding-doors were thrown backward with a jerk, and a thick-set savage, tall, and almost nude, bounded into the room. For a moment he stood gazing round the apparently empty barn, with a look that no pen could describe. Surprise, wage, hate, seemed in turn to gleam from his bloodshot eyes. The great Te Huri was not to be deceived, however; he had heard the band and the noises. His hated enemies could not have fled in alarm. He would have surely heard. Besides, the dwelling-house was in total darkness. Te Huri, the Maori, was a mighty chief, the terror of the Pakehas. The poor trembling victims were afraid, and had hid themselves behind the foliage. That was it. Waving his gleaming tomahawk above his head, his warriors troop into the room five and six deep,' their painted faces glistening grotesquely beneath the light of the chandelier. From my heding- place I try to number them, but, getting as far as a hundred, I become confused by their moving to and fro. There are more than a hundred—nearer a hundred and fifty. But I notice with satisfaction there are not a dozen rifles among the number. Nevertheless, they are all armed with spears, meris, tomahawks, and knives. On they come, forming in two deep lines, until the last man has entered, then the doors are closed. Outside, and close to where I am standing, watching through the leaves, I hear a low, smothered gasp, then a heavy, dull thud, as of men in silent but deadly conflict. I know my trusty corporal, Joss Pindar, had served in Mexico, and in many a raid against the subtle Red Indian. He knows how to lie in wait for the Maori. Again aud again the half-smothered sounds fall upoa my listening ears. Yet Te Huri hears them not. The chief is busy forming his warriors, who surround the hidfng Pakehas. The Maories were forming a ring around us, and were somewhat in disorder at one point, when, seizing that moment, I stepped forth from behind the arras and called upon my men to " Charge!" The altogether unexpected appearance of armed men created a sudden panic among the Maories. As we threw ourselves upon them sword in hand they gave way right and left. But Te Huri, seeing the smallness of our number, quickly rallied his warriors, who faced about, aud then began a most determined handto-hand encounter with cold steel. Overmatched by superior numbers we were steadily borne backwards against the wall, which proved an advantages to us, inasmuch as we had no flank movement to fear on the part of our assailants. With our backs to the wall we stood at bay six to one, and in less time than it takes to pen these words one-half of my gallant comrades were down, covered with wounds, sone dying, some dead—butchered by sheer odds—the remainder still doing battle, with savage, bulldog tenacity. At this critical moment the Yankee coporal and a score men, armed with firearmsapeeared on the scene, and sent a volley into the Maeri horde point blank. The rebels fancying the place surrounded with troops attempted flight through the open door. In vain the Moori cheiftain tried to rally them With a few ponderous strokes of his meri, Te Huri cleared a passage to follow his panicstricken warriors; but I threw myself upon him, and wrenched the weapon from his hand. In the melee, my sabre had been cleft in twain, and 1 was, therefore, unai med, save for my revolver, which I could not reach. My desire was to capture the Maori leader ; but in a moment I felt I was no match for him in point of strength, although active and strong, and being a pretty good wrestler to boot. My antagonist lifted, and twisted, and turned me round and round as if I had been no more in his hands than a girl. Allowing the savage to tire, I made a sudden effort, and threw him a heavy backfall. but he clung t® me, and we rolled together out at the open doorway. The Maori, with glaring eyeballs and a hoarse, exultant laugh, turned me under him in an instant, then, fixing ais knees firmly upon my panting breast, he felt for his knife. I was utterly powerless to defend myseif from the murderous weapon. I saw it gleam an instant athwart my eyes—the next it was buried in my side. For a moment I thought my hour had come—a faintness seized nie, the barn and the dark outline of the hills seemed to reel and dance before my gaze. Then there came a sudden flash of light, a report, and my gigantic assail ant rolled from my prostrate body—dead, I was lifted up and borne through the scene of our struggle in a state of semi-con_ sciousnest, I heard the cheers of my comrades, and saw a crowd of Maories huddled together, prisoners, who were being tied with ropes ; then darkness and the coo* night air for a time, and again the lights, with strange faces peeping at me over th e shoulders of those who were carrying me ( To be Continued) 