THE V.A.T.C. RACE MEETING. A very enjoyable race meeting was held at Cauffield, under the auspices of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, on Saturday afternoon. The weather was of the most agreeable kind, and there wa3 a large attendance of visitors at the course, where everything looked in perfect order, and where tho programme of tho day was carried through in the usual admirable manner. The catering arrangements were in tho efficient hands of Mr, H. 8kinner, who succeeded in satisfying his patrons in tho important matter of lunch. Tho racing was eoxn- menced_ by a favorite in Tho Ghost being beaten in tho Belling Race, which the second favorite, Maroney won : The Ghost getting second plsco only, despite the fact that he had Power's services in the Maroney, the winner, was bonght in by his owner for £80, all of which goes .to the racing funds. Only a small field of seven came to the post for the Hurdle Race, and Goodwood was made favorite, his closing price being 5 to 2 against. Hunts man, Louis and Revenge were each at about 4 to 1, while Jfarron and IVhalebono were at 6's. jVi'hen the race commenced, Earimil be gan by going to tho front and cutting gut tbe running at a great pace. Howover, he soon struck a hurdle and knocked his rider out of the saddle. WhaleDono then took up tho run ning, and led throughout tho remaindor of tho race, winning easily at the finish from Good wood, who tried hard to get up, but found the 2 st. which ho was giving the winner a trifle too heavy. Marron, the chestnut maro who has won one or two hurdle races, was one of tho starters, and she went very well indeed until the turn into tho straight was reached. Up to this point she had been most of tlie timo in the second place, and was going freely, but as they turned into the straight she dropped back. The ruimiiig was considered suspicious, and tho stewards had the jockey brought before them. No fur ther action was, however, taken, as on in quiry the evidence was not considered suffi ciently clear, and the charge wns dismissed. Thero were thirteen starters for tho St. Kilda Cup, the Levite, Jlitraillcuse and Jlossiface being the only - absentees from tho sixteen named on the card. ICohai was ono of the most eagerly inquired after by backers, and Lara nnd Pbaon also were well supported, while All Gold, Meteor and Lcsbia wero com paratively neglected. Abuse, who ran well In the Australian Cup, had the services of Cracknel), who does not ride often nowadays, and thero were a good many who thought the iiorso had an excellent chance of annexing the prize. Lara and Lesbia made most of the running, after which Abuse, who had been lying close handy, took the lead, which he maintained to tbe finish, despite Phaon's effort to catch him. Kohai made an effort in tire straight, but could get no nearer than third, Meteor being fourth. Cracknell was applauded on returning to scale, after which attention was turned to tho ttteeplechasc, for which nine horses carried silk. The rnce was considered a very open one, but JInrmion, a handsome well-knit brown horse in Jir. L Foiilsuam's stable, was made favorite nt 7 to 4 against, his opening price being 5 tojl. The horses were taken into the straight run to bo started, an opening being made in the inner fence to lei them through on to tho steeplechase course. It seemed on examination that this would not do, as tho turn in to tho jumping courso would lie too sharp, anil Mr. IVatson, the starter, gal loped off, with the horses after him, to start them at the log wall, and give as long a run as possible up to the first fence. In tho Hurdle Race also Jlr. Watson had to lead tho field to another starting place, tho jockeys having as sembled at tho wrong one. Curiosity, as usual with him, at once wont to the front lind cut out the running in the Steeplechase, and when he had bad enough Sweetmeat took his place, which bo maintained to the finish, JIarmion tiring perceptibly in the straight. Simpleton balked and Nabocklish fell, while Clinnthus struck so nwkivardiv that though she did not fall her rider was kuocked out of the saddle and got so heavy a fall that he had to bo brought in by tho casualty waggon. Ho escaped with a severe shaking, aud Allen, who was on Nabocklish, did likewise. In the Federal Stakes, for 2-jear- olds, Bo:: showed the possession of consistent form hy repeating his success of Flemington. He just won by :i head from Bedouin, who was an even money favorite. The concluding raco of the day was the South Yarra Handicap, in which Vnscosa, an outsider altogether, beat William Tell, Straight Shot aud nine others. The favorite, Mitrailleuse, started at 5 to 2 against her, and did not got a place : and Approbation, who be came analmost equal favorite, succeeded no bet ter. Faugh-a-ballagh also was well supported, but he was several lengths behind Vuscosa and William Tell at tho liuish. The details of til" racing are as follow Sr.tLiNG Rack, of 100 sovj. The winner tihe sola for flO'J. Special weight! — 2 yi5.,U.-t. 51:,.; 3 vr.t. 9 »t. 9 lb.; 4 yes. nnd upwards, to st. 7 lb. alliiwcd for every £20 reduction in price. The usual allowance to wares nnd geldings. ITtc fnrlonts and a imif. T. Rennlson's b g Jfaroney, aged, by fapllvnlor— Mcta ((iff). 7 »i. 2 lb. (l.'edGnni) 1 I. q. Held a I'll g lite tihost, aged (n.'/i, 7 st. 5 lb . __ Including 3 lb. over (Power) 2 A Nathan's bk g Sorcerer, 5 yrs. (nil). 7 sr. 2 n,. . V (Tomlln) 3 D. Robinsons li or bk h Crown Rrand, 5'yra. ,, 7 sr- 7 lb. . . (Rnblnsnn) 0 1\. Jones s ch in Dewnna, 4 yrs. (nil), 7 st. 4 lb. C. iiavis's b m Meerschsum, 4 yrs. (nil), j si.' 4' "ib? " (Williams) 0 R. iv. Mokland a b or br g Stafford, aged tuff), 7 st " , (Kiddes) 0 J. 1.. Reid s g Bar One, aged (oil). 7 st. 2 lb. 0 Rotting: Even against The Cihost, 7 to 2 Mnroncr, .1 to I borcvrer. Delaiuia. followed by .Mnron. v. Sorcerer aud The Ghost, wns quick' st awar, while Crnwii lirtmd and Meerschaum wcru behind. Approaching the strnMi: Maroney took the lead, and nssunieit 11 prominent position, with Delamia close behind. M.,rimev led Into the straight, with Meerschaum and Sorcerer as hi', nearest attendants. Tho Ghost on tho inside trvlng t . get up. Within the d, stance Mat-oner draw ob-nr of tho other horses, and he won r.nhcr easll'v hr a length f-oin The Ghost. Sorcerer a length away getting third place Stafford was fourth, Bar One fifth, Delamia and Grown brand being next, and .Meerschaum lost. Time, 1 win 12 see. The winner was bonght in for £80. Handicap IlL'nDi.r. Race, of 150 sovs., added to a sweep, takes of 3 sovs. each for aveeptoia. The second horse to receive SO sovs. front tho stako. Two miles. J. B. Gill's h or br g Whalebone, aged, by Sword- fish. 9 st. 5 lb. (Williams) 1 T. Jones's b g Goodwood, aged, 11 sr. 5 lb. H. Leugiilln's ii g Huntsman, aged, llCs'n"70lb! T. Coffey s ch g Louis. 5 yrs., to st. 21b. .'.C()Won) 0 D. Fountain ns ch m Marron, 5 or 6 yrs. 10 at. 3 il>. W. Milne's br g Revenge, flg.d, 9st. 12"? _ (Gardiner) 0 G. Glasscock us br g Knrhall, 4 vrs., 9 sr. 10 lb. J,..- " " " (N'ewhmd) 0 Retting : 5 to 2 against Goodwood, 4 to 1 enc'- Itcvengo, Huntsman and Louis, 0 to 1 each Whalebone nnd .Marron. Knrlmil was tho quickest' to .show p. trout, he being followed by Huntsman and Marron .Kiirlufil at ouco went to thu front, and soon had a Tory long, tend of the ottiets. He, how ever, blundered over a hurdle after going about half a mile. tho rcsttlt being that hi- rider was knocked out of the saddle. Louis. Wha'e- boac. Huntsman and Marion '.vera then left at the head of affairs, tho four being vciv close together. Entering the straight Whalebone took the lead, unit pass'n- the stand he was ulrout a length ahead nf Miu-run," llnnt-,- raitn, Guodnood, Revenge and Louis follow!:: hi n-dei as written'. Ascending the hill Whuiebioic, with Marron in utlcnunhce on tabu, was clear a war fnm the others. Then followed Huntsman anil Goodwood ond then Revenge nnd Louis Whalebone Increased' 111! lead as ti.cy went along the bade, Marron, goin - well, being in second plscc. Apprcachlng the .-tral-ht she, however, did uot improve her position, but Louis and afterwards Goodwood, improved thei-'s Whale bone. however, retained ' his lead, ami despite Goodwood's effurts to catch him, ho won rather easily by two lengths. Huntsman, who was eased off nt the finish, was third, Marron liclng fourth Lou's aftli and Revenge lsst Time, 4 inln, 15 sec. St. Kilda Cup. — A handicap of 300 sovs., added to a sweepstakea of 3 sovs, each for acceptor!. Tho second horse to receive 10 sovs from thu slake One mile and a quarter nnd a dlstauee. C. Wheeler, jun's.. clt It Abuse. 4 yrs.. by Slanderer —Jointress, 6 st. 8 lb (Cmrknell) 1 K. Oxenham s ch It l'liaon, 4 yrs., 7 st. 6 lb. (Harris) 2 I. Foulsham ns bk h Kobai, 4 yrs., 8 st. 12 lb, < '.V ..V . (Robertson) 3 Martin's ch h All Gold, 4 yrs.. 8 st. 8 lb. (Hales) 0 R. K. Maitland's b h Meteor, 6 yrs., 8 st. 2 10. (Fiddes) 0 C. Colllns's ch it Newmaster, 3 yrs., 7 st. 5 lb. (Powei'i 0 P. Kelly's b h Lord Cochrane. 4 yrs., Gst. 10 lb, _ „ (Cnrroll) 0 G. 11. Read s ch h Desperado, G yrs., 6 sr. 10 lb, _ , / (Morrison) 0 S. Miller's b m Impulse, n#cd, 6 st. 0 lb. .. (Turner) 0 u. Harnett's br m Uablo, aged, 6 sr. 8 lb. (t.'edfunrn) 0 Sir. W. J. Clarke's br c Menotti, 3 yrs., C at. 7 lb. « . .. .. .. .. .. (Kcncc) 0 J. Crosier, jnn. 's. W; c Lara, 3 yrs., G st. Gib. in- eluding I ib. owe.. .. .. .. (Tomlln) 0 J. u. Beida bk c Hot Iron, 3 yrs , 6 st. 4 ll. (Blair) 0 Betting : 4 to 1 each against Kohal and Lara, 5 10 1 Phaon, 6 to 1 Abuse, 8 to 1 .Meteor. The horses were sent away to n fjoodaiart, Lesbia neat the rails. Impulse nnd Fhtton being quickest off. Passing tho stnn I Urn was lu front, attended by Lord Cochrane, Lcsbia, Meiioaf, Desperado , nnd Impulse being next. Rounding the t urn away from tha st might, the Jield of horses ran -.vide. Lord Cochrane running right off tho course, owing to a police trooper being near the rails. Lara continued to lead up the hill, Lesld being second. Hot Iron beta" next, and going along the buck Lcsbia had a leal ol several lengths from Lord Cochrane. Lara, Impulse, Menottl and Kohal also being close up. l.osbia con tinued to lend round tho far turn, Lara, Menottl and Desperado being close up, while Abuse wns prominent, Kohal also bc'ng in a forward position. Hounding the turn towards the straight Abuse went up to Lesbia, and Fltaon also moved into a fonvurd position, lsbla, attended by Abuse and Pinion, were first into the straight, and Abuse had the lend as tho dis tance was reached. Thaon. on tlse inside, made a great effort to catch Abase, ar.d Kohul also made n fast run HoMwer, Abuse won by a length, and L'haou beat Kohai by n neck for second placu. Meteor was fourth Lesbia fifth, Laru sixth. All Gold seventh, with Menottl and Impulse next, while Newmastcr. Desperado and Hot Iron were the three last. Time, 2 ir.ta. 29 sec! Handicap Steeplecuask, of 250 soTs.,nddcd to a sweepstakes or 3 sor. each for acceptor. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. from the stake. Two miles and a quarter. J. Taylor's b g Sweetmeat, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. (Gardiner) 1 I. Foulsham na br g Jlurraion, G yr.., 10 sr. 7 lb. „ (Malonc) 2 J. HarboiUes r g Roulette, 6 yrs., 11 st. 4 lb. (Corrhrnn) 3 S. Miller's b g The Irishman, G yrs., 11 st. 101b. (Watson) 0 W. A. Mcnrie's r g Curiosity, aged, 10 st. 10 IK ". (Carev) 0 £L Cofifiolly as b g Nabocklish, aged, 10 st. 10 lb. y:- - oMtcu 0 T. Watson's b g Banker, aged. 10 st. 7 lb. <Fcrcu?r.) O T. Rennison'a br «i Clfanthui, 6 yr#.. Id si. (Mor«iS; O E. Hecston's ch g Simpleton, C yri , 9 3 lb., h>" eluding 1 ib. over (M'Dono'tO) 0 Belting : 7 to 4 against Xar:r.:o:i. 5 to 1 i:otr.e:tc, 6 to 1 each Tbe hlshtzun an J Ji-ri '-:cr. 0 to 1 <>ai-h KabocUHih and Suyetmcat, 10 to 1 Curiosity. As usual Curiosity at once went to the front und ifd ihi» v.-.n c vcr the ilist fence, at which Cliuntu ti::iriv stopped. At tne r.cxt one Simpleton bnu;>;l, nnd look no further part in the rsev. Cnrioiitv poing on with a gord lead of at !«au half a dozni lengths from Banker and Sweetmeat, Cliantlm l>r.ing hut At the far torn CurioMty led Ranker. Sweetmeat and Xabocfclfch, while Mormlon. Irishman, Rotilctte and Clianthu followed in that order. Coming into the atraight Curiosity, still attended ty Banker, led the way, and passing the stand the order was Curiosity, i nnkcr, Sweetmeat. Nabocklish, Marmion, Cllnnthu'n, Iloitletto and tho Irishman, n i tlte horses jumping welt and Wing close together. KauGckHah fell nwkwnnlly at tho fence on thu hill, and Curta«ity. as the back of the courso wns readied, dropped Lnvk very quickly to last place, In company with The Irish man. Swenlmeat was then le:t with the lend, with Ranker and Marmion after him, tho three lining n dozen lengths ahead of Hnulcttc, Cllanthns Tho Iifsh- man and Curiosity. At the aod wall Cllanllms struck, and knocked Morris out of the snddle, giving him a heavy fall, though tlie mmo herself did not come down. Sweetmeat aud Marmion entered the straight together, and tho last named woa defeated, throngh his tiring in the straight, by three-quarters of a length. Roulette was a very poor third. Hanker fourth, Tho Irishman fifth, and Cariosity next. Time, 4 mln. 5C sea Friu:nal Stake, a handicap sweepstakes, of 5 sovs. each for acceptors, with 200 sovs. added. For 2-yc av oids. The second horse to receive 40 sovs. and the third 10 sovs. from the stake. G5 subs. Six furlongs. M. O'Shanassy's br c Boz, by Hosworth— H.vpatla. 3 st. 11 ll>, .. .. .. .. ..(Manic) 1 W. IVarsin's br c Bedouin, 8 st, 10 lh. ..rRawlIngs) 2 E. JHtchclson'a hr c Escutcheon. 8 st 12 lh. (iromy) 3 F. CiUsold's b or bv f Lady Lorell, 8 sr. G ib. .. .. (Trnhnn) 0 Capt. TTaimes's br c Albert Loddon, 8 st. 2 lb. (Hales) 0 S. .Miller's b or br f Pingsra, 6 sf. 12 Ib. ..("lutner) 0 A. F. Hraisbaw's b c The Dreamer, G sr. ..(Haves) 0 Petting: Even against Bedouin. 9 to 2 Buz, 5 to 1 FscuicJicon. Boz, attended by l'ingurn, Albert I.od- don nnd Bedouin, made the running ut the start, and Hearing the sod wall The Dreamer cmne to the front. 1'ingara, Boz, Albert Loddon and Bedouin nlo being well 11 . Bedouin. Boz and I'ingaru wuc the ones in front as the straight was Approached, nnd the three were in front as the distance was torched. From this point Bedouin and Hon dvrw awuy, and tho last named making a well-timed effort inst won on tho post. Escutcheon was third, i.u ly Lovell fourth, Pin- gnrri fifth, Tho Dreamer sixth, and Albert Loddon last. Time. 1 rnin. 21 sec. m»iroc Yakua Handicap of 100 sovs. The second horse to rccMve 10 sovs. from the stake. Seven furlongs. M. J'. WhUty's ch m Vascom, by Vnsco di (Lima — ' llickla, 4 yrs . 7 st. (Williams) 1 5\. .Miller's ch h Wlllfam Tell, Gyrs., 9sr. 131b. (Olds) 2 S. Nalhau's ch m Straight Shot, 5 y vs., 7 st. 11 lb. (Williamson) 3 w. Robertson's br m Mitrailleuse, 0 yrs, 8 sr. 11 lb. .. .. (Robertson) 0 T. Jones's b m Violet, 4 yr.. 7 st. 10 lb. ..(A. Blair) 0 II, Oxenham'a hg Fnugh-a-Ballagh. 5 yrs., 7 st. G lb (Harris) 0 W. K. Dnkiu's br e Damocles, 3 yrs,, 7 11. 4 lh. .. (Bruce) 0 J. l». Rehl's b or br f Gadfly, 3 yrs., 7 st. (Dumhm) 0 T. Ke&nison;'s ch h KspKglc, 5 yrs,, G st. II lh. (P.edfcavn) 0 I. Foulsham ns br c Chicago, 3 yrs.,f» sr. 11 lh. fMorrJsmi) 0 J. IVppari's b g Approbation, G yrs., G st. 10 lb. (Tomlhi) 0 O. I . Macdonald's b or br c buccess, 3 yrs., 0 st. 9 lb. .. .. (Bcnce) 0 Betting : 5 to 2 each against Mitrailleuse nnd Appro bation, 5 to 1 Frtugli-n-Bnllngh,8tnl Straight bltot, JOto 1 eneh William Tell and Damocles. Vascosa wns on tlte inside next the rnl's, nnd her nearest companions were Mitrailleuse and Damocles. On theoutsidu were Violcr, Success nnd Espleele. William Tell aud Vnscosa got quickly away, and the filly soon took the lend, followed t.y Damocles and Mitrailleuse, William 'Jell being next, with Straight Shot close tip. Along the back Vnscom. Damocles, Mitraillyusu and Approbation were con spicuous in the ran, ami at rue far turn Appro- nation Jhad tbe lead, wkh Mitrailleuse, Yaacosa u:d Violet closo to hhn. At tho turn into tho straight Chicago was prominent, with Approbation ami Mitrailleuse close hanuy, but ns tlm distance was Mpprrnched Vacosu came again to the front, fol owed l»y Wtllinm Tell. The more finished in fine stvlo, and kept clearly ahead of William Jell Straight Hiot also ran well forward, but dia nor get up. ana Vascosu won by a couple of lengths from William Tell, Straight Shot gutting third place. i-'aunh-a-Uailagh wits fottrrh, Chicago fifth, with Approbation next, followed Uy MttniHk'ttfo nnd Damocles, Gadfly being lust. Time, I mln. 31 A see. The following arc tho stakes won .it tho meeting: — Mr. C. Wheeler— 1st, St. Kilda Cup .. 293 Mr. J. Taylor— 1st. ateepleclmsc 233 Mr. M. o'Hiaimassy— 1st. Federal Stakes 190 Mr. J. H. (»(ll— 1st, Hurdle Rnce I47 Mr. T, Kennlson— 1st, Soiling Race .. .. 100 Mr. M. V. Whltty— lat. South Ymvu Handicap .. 90 Mr. 11. Oxenhmu— 2nd, St. Kildn Cup .. ,, 50 Mrj L Foulsham— 2nd, Steeplechase .. 50 Mr, W. I'carson— 2nd, Federal Stakes .. 40 Mr. T. Jones— 2nd, Hurdle Ihicc 39 Mr, K. Mitchctsnn— 3rd, Federal Stakes .. ,, 10 Mr. S. Miller— 2nd, South Yarra Handicap .. 10 Total £1243 