The Invasiou of Maryborough* [ Written in the 20th PART Hi.— Miserere (By ?« Tattoo.) Sotiir sfufes Into sitriice, Th»» storv Inlil ; T»'n\vliuUm\siut- (liu-Iuii'd. Th« licarthstono Is cold. Darker tmd darker Tho hlnok sh»dow- tall ; leep uud oblivion retyu over nil. — LonuMhw. I lift buttle over, the enemy mareued upou Maryborough aud demanded au iu deumity to be rained within u ueek. Iu the meantime they made themselves as comfortable as circmuBtaucen would per mit aud pive themselves up to amuse meut. Feel iug security in the knowledge that their friends were equally success ful iu all the seaport nttackH, iliev paid but li tie heed to military duties, aud sel dom eveu ;-ont«Hi geutrie?. While the Russiaus are enjoying themselves iu the conquered towu, let iih take a glance at the battJe-fieid1 while the mysterious glimmer of et«rl!^ht rests upou it. It is a sad sight. Friend and toe now lie iu peace together, and only the weird cry of tlie curlew aud the harsh mites of the native companion break the solemn still ness of the evening air. But hark! an other souud at ieuglli pierces the sileuce. uud this time it is a human vnie-\ calling in piteous toues for water. But no help is at baud, aud ail aguin is xtiJj. Here and there over tlie tield may be seen a crouching figure iu the uniform of a Rus sian privato, bending over the dead, and adding to his sleuder income by rifling the pockets of those who will need their coins no more. In auother part of the field a peculiar movement is noticeable. About 120 of the less wouuded have sufficiently recovered to move about and these are being marshalled by Captains Parrah, Penrose, aud Boles. Few in uumbers though they he they swear to march forward once more, to light, for their country, tluir allure, and their homes, and, if ueeds be, to fall once more in the executiou of iheir duty, but to fall with their we»pons in (heir hands and all their wouuds in front. They lost na | lime iu setting out and reached Mary I borough without adventure of any kind, i The streets were quite deserted but I souuds of revelry were heard on every | side, aud amorous and lmcchaualiau I songs pierced the heaveus iu noisy I chorus. The Graud Hotel was turned | into the head quarters of Colonel H--bl)le- 1 off, and here were located bis staff aud t he bravest of his veterans. To this place Captain Parrah moved his troops. A great hhout from the bulcouy told they j w^re discovered and thou was heard a jangling of steel and the trainpofmen i rushiug to their postK. The Russians, | foil owiug their officers, rushed boldly to I the front aud a deadly combat raged in | the lower hall aud aloug Wharf-street, I Colouel Killukoft crossed swords with (/.i plain .Holes aud a tierce contesteneued. The Russians, confident of the skill of their colonel aud hotlv pressed them selves, left the combatants to fight their own struggle to the bitter eud. For some time every cut was parried ou each side hut at length a strong prime cut fr-im Captain Bnles found no answeriujr cu»rd of steel, and the gallant colonel fell buck In the hall never to fight again. Colouel Ruhemott aud Curseandswear euuft met the same fate. The first from the sword of Captain Parrah and the secoud from thatof Captain Penrose. Our troops, fighting like heroes of old ro mauce, carried everything before theiu aud had reached tbe second floor where Colonel Hobbleoll himself was lighting with desperate valour, when several | hundred Russians rushud along Wharf street and attacked the brave fellows in , rear. Our boys turned back to back and fought a soldier's battle, gradually be comiug masters or lue upper noor. jjui the enemy, agaiu re-inforced, threw ladders against the outer balcony and catue iu swarms to the support of their almost exhausted brethren. The fight lasted about half au hourlougeraud then the colonials were completely over powered. Colonel HobbleofTwas furious. He ordered that all the wounded prisoners should be shot aud that the city be set on fire. His orders were only too promptly obeyed aud weepiugand misery wore visible on every hand. For the future he kept a better guard and, con tent with pluudering and shipping all the valuables he could lay hands on, aud destroying those he could make uo use of, he set sail for Russia where no doubt Iho Russian soldier who assisted iu the iuvasiou of Maryborough often thinks fondly of ' the girl he left behiud him.' [the end.] FlokiljIpk! — For thbTbkth and liuu vrii — A few t'rops of Hi© liquid u Floriline'' xprinklrri on a wet tooth-brush produces a plcaiant lather, which thoroughly cleanBea the teeth from nil parasites or impuriticp, harlcns the truiD41, ivevmj'B tartar, stops decay, gives 'o the teeth a peculiar pesiply- wniteneRH, a delightful fragrance io the breath. It removes all unplcuanfc oiour arising from eonaved teeth or tobacco t-moke. 11 Tbe Frairrant Flnriline,' being c un-OBed in part of Honry and 8wc--.t herbs, ifl delicious lo tbe taste, »nd the greatest toilet difieor ry of t tie age. Pricc 2h. Gd., of all OhemistH and Perfumers. Wholesa e depot 33 FArriogdoo Aoad, London Small Capitalists wtsDingf Establish a Business should sec if there ib an opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in tneir district, &U; information and receipts for the parpOBC i making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c.;, is given previous knowledge is not necessary. The iumaud for these drinks is so much on the in crease, in all parts of the world, tbat tbeoutlay for the machinery in all eases leads to a profi ablc and Bafe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or oan be hav* at the office of thie paper on paymen of Is. — IIaknktt aud Fostkb. Engi* ersne 230, Fo«»Um street. London. N. Ghost.4. — An attempt is being made in t)» e old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill bow. of the journals. Tbe sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scroogc's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I know thai yon arc not a bit of undigested bread?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the moBt potent. It i*s a won der, therefore, tbat people do sot adopt the surest spell against ghosts by nsing liorwick's Gold Medal Daking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won t 'raise ghosts,' it tHU raifin bread in the moat admiiable faBhion. Evury wi»e storekeeper has it by him, and very good hou*ewuc bvy$ it. Woman's Spukkk — There arc lew men now no benightd as lo bclievethat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's word* : 'To sucklc fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in ; both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. liorwick Sc Sons, who, for h«T conveni- ence, have produced their celebrated 41 Making | Powder11 and Gold Medal 14 CuHtard Powder.1' With the former article the most palatable bread, cukes, and pastry can be produced ; speedily, and with marvellously little trouble^ whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most delicioui | cuutardu, blanc-manges, See., at half the usual : time, A Ov a.— To all who are suffering from the errors uwi lorifecresfowAf neryousweak* ne^, early decay, loss of manhood, Seo,, 1 will a recipe that will cure you, free of charge, Tbi« great remedy was discovered by a mission ary in Foulh America 8*nd a scltaddrr-Kied envf'oi)' »nrf Fixpenue to prepiy postage t' the K'v. j-wpb T. Inmao, Station D, New Yotk City, UiS,A, 