AFTER A 500 YEARS' DREAM: ;BY.REV. J. HI. SIALLBERG. "One iightasiTsat uiusngi:therecame intomy Ihandsa book entitled the 'Rel I public of miaterialism,' which,: wlhen I had finished Isaid tn myself,:.Oh, then there is no room for God, lthough there m be'worlds upon worlds, suns moons and 1 stars far surpassing" this littleglobe 'on which we live. :'There "seems,no rioom for.God, for, according to tho theory of materialism the oriagn of all things is a .' Primeval mist, self .ordered'and developed.' :,This mist has, condensed itself into water, and water and.: .de' posited `elemental matter, : matter' has formed worldsl-'and ':herbi) I` mustt draw breath. ' Matter' has produced t 'min adn' ifrom tho'e onad'has= omcthe spongRe ' the sponige has growniinto' .an aquatic animal, which at lasthecame a fish;: The fisih leriiiedd b'liveiiupon land, wheie -it 'developed,? .itself, brthobugh different species,to that of an ape-like animal. This ape is first cousin. to man, who is the "'heir 'of all things, evolved, you see, froim the ' original mist. SSo there is no roofim for God!' At this point some: supper' w?as broiught in;, fior which' IT providedl a night's lodging on. conditionl that it m should not disturb me with-night mare. Then'I.fell a-thinking, and to aid the power of thought I walked: up and, down the, room, from whence " en chanted by the sonigof somie sweet bird" I was led into a thick forest. : : .HereIfollowed thenote,as I thought I and yet [ failed to see my ,bird. I whistled;, but my songster was gene, and now 'here was 11 Ailook at my watch tells me I llhave walked 'lout. some' three' hours, and so miust have., walked several miles. Whatever. ,has become of my home' : I left the dcor open, and the gas alight. I Perhaps the house is occupied by rob- I bers, :or perhaps it is '-wrapped 'in I flames. Where am Coo-ey, Coo-ey. 'Echo, I coo-ey. Dear, dear, am I really lost I Even t m the moon has forsaken me.' i' am left 1 i in darkness. My only alternative iv to sit down just *where 'I am: and wait for the morning. 'So I sit down to sleep with my head against a tree. I A rustling in'th'e grass awakes me, but after rubbing my eyes I am able ' to thank my stars that it was not: the 'old sneak' from Eden's garden that has disturbed, my sweet slautber, but only'a blow. of wind. But how strange are my surround.. ings l : :. \---nastcd of- summer,- i looke:like; winter. I see snows and crows, and what's that smiling and dancing across the hill tops ' burely it is the old sun getting'out of bed. : Oh, what a lot of big birds I see fly ing through the air. They look as large as elephants. . Here ,is one coming towards rme' Why, it is not a bird, but a flying machine. . A voice; ' Step in, citizen.' So' I gets into this bird-shaped carriage, and off it goes through spaice by means' of ' compressed air.' (Science must have made great progress during my sleep.) I now find inyself. surrounded by strange looking passengers, who stare at me as thougl I were n ghost. r' Presently I / tappei on the shoul der by the cOinuctor, who demands'his fare. I offer. him a half crown. . ' What's',hatl' he says. ' foreign: money. QueenVictoria, Vho1 k-nois s anything about her ' I can't take that 'roney,'it's out'of date; it's. about six hundred years beliind the tithe.' SBy this timef can see several "of. these machines flying through the air Sat a :tremandous' rate. The sight of these, as well as the distance :between us aid'the sei (over which wve are ,travelliig at the rate of 100 mi es .an hour) makes me hold my breath.' They seem as though they would all dash into us, for they 'ire above, ben'eath, and around us, . At last 'I see what appears to 'be' a great city?; A Cry, H' Here 1hold hard.-' Sm'ash, and ;idown- we' go to 'the .ground in one of the streets of Lon' don. '.fHow' fortunate!'I am. not :in the least hurt; but one poor fellow 'is severely bruised.`. 'A crowd 'soon; gathers, but no one seems to be moved, by the. accident; as thoughlit were- aatter of course. But here comes ?ie' doctor. After pulling the poor cripe about in a merciless manner he pronounces him ".tood far gone." .He might live, but he wulid oply ie a burden to the Com. moune. This hard man then puts a -cloth over the cripple's face,and then a strap round his neck, and the sufferer breathes no.more. S This Communal conduct wakmes me up to the fact that'Iam now livring in a merciless age.. S"The corpse is put into/one of these aerial cars, and sent to the ' dissecting depot ' "Now e'erybody seems occupied with amy peculiar costume. S A rum figure,'says one to another 'as they point to me. "lSeeing I "au in danger .of being hooted by 'the boys and girls of the 'Conimunii l determine, to change my I19th ,'century <costume for a more ' a:'modiern one.. :I now wear a 'Toga,' and instead of . 6 bell-topper' I use a turban. i:':r;I also buy a guide book, after which Iha' ?|itsten otff for some refreshment. : 5";- A look at, niy guide beok astonislhe.d th wthole stock of my five senses. .' The present age is, I find, called the :.'Republic of. Mlaterialism,' or the 550th year of the Conmmune. Accord S"ing to which I must have been sl.ep ing for 500 years. 'Having done full justiceto the con tents of the pastry shop I start off to *oe Jondon. , How strange everything .:looks to what it did ?when'I was here lost. Scientific' improvements abound on I every ,.h'and. ''Thie whole city is lighted by the electric light, while the tole phone communicates the events of 'the day from house to house. The streets are inuch wider, an'dthe' homes of?the poor munich larger and lielthier than formerly:: Nothing is wastgd.. All : the drainiige is utilised for the !aand. Much of the shipping and railway traic l has- been superseded by' compressed air, .:while the costumes of the people have under gone a complete' change:e Some for the better, but the greater pairt for the worse.;c Men and women now are addressed na ':cit'izn ,nd their rlress is no ?e?ry simnilarm hatrn iias s.in"wia,,t-.ant danger of ,iistakin.P the sex. i A-ftetr raibliin"g about'I ask a: a manI to; tell me the:, name' of. the. street. 'This, citizen,' he says, 'is Fifthl street,' ''And:where is Oxford.street f ' ::ask. ' There is' no such street ,iin Londono' ,was the answer. .Here I' take out anotlher book. I liad bought, entitled 'A ' p ilosophliic, ac count of the superstition of ouri..fore. fathers; by the 99th grandson of Dar-, win. Page 1-' That period known as'the 19th century was remarkable for its superstitions, blastins the happiness of niankind. To rightly understand l the darkness of that period is to value the light of the Materialism of the present day.'. By and by I ask for Westminster Abbey, an'd am told : there' is 'no' such building, but that it and its kin were 'destroyed hundreds of years ago, when Christianity was sliperseded by. the Philosphy, of Materialism. I. askifor St Paul's Church,- but 'no one knows of any suich place. At;'last' I-: meet with 'an historian, who'tells me that St Paul's is no more; that its old'site is now occupied by the i f'Temple of Humanity.' ;Here I sit down .again to reflect ion my mysterious position. .I think of my wife, my books, and the church. What has become of themni all. . Surely I must have been dreaming all this time, or else my soul has been passing from one animal :to another, and only now resumed its human habitation. I am a Wonder 'to myself ! 'Tired and hungry I rise from the front steps of the ' Temple of Huinanitjr in search of a hotel.-: Here is the 'Jolly Waterman,' the' Old Soldier, &c.;'ItI seemsias though the' Good ,Te'rplers ihavi succeeded _in.. pfebhlishing..th Maine laws.Iask for a respectable hotel, and am directed to the 'Darwin,'' the ' Tyndale,' the ' Hockel;' or, if I pre fer mbore ancient quarters, ':the 'Apollo' I the''" Mercury ' or the Homer.' I make application at the 'Darwin which is a magnificent mansion, not at all like a- hotel. Overhanging the grand entrance is,! the bust' of the fatmous evolutionist, who is held in everlasting reniem; brance. I "am soon seated' at ..the dincr table, but the' bill of fare'-of course in harmony with'the age-is so strange that I have to' make up 'my. mind a good' many times before I can take a bite of anything.' ` - Judging from the general conver sation to which I listen wit great at tention, France is now annexed 'to Germany, forming one large Commuiune,. anid Russia is still at war with Turkey. (As to my questions,being:600 years behind the, time, created roars .of laughter, I remained a listener.) Tlie .-.vhole Commune is'; divided into two elasses, viz.: The 'Communal' and the 'Mutual:.' 'The Darwin' belongs to' the former and lower class..- . 'Id' this huge hotel both men "and women' are huddled together like so many fish in a basket. ' They cail each other.by the name of ' Tom," '' Dick,l 'Mary,' ' Bridget.': Husb?fid a?d wife are called partners, b~t, bear no lasting responsibility to each other. Christian nimarriage has been legally abolished. The words ' Father and Mother ' are quite unknown. Children, when bhorn, are by order of: .the Com mune, taken from their parents (never to meet again), and sefit to what is called the ' Baby Farm,' there being no hospital, and the sick ones are killed b9'the Commune doctor... Thus the Christiani home is pra'c tically unknown. The Mutual Class of the Commune have their houses. (Homes minus love and children.) Marriage responsibility among this class lasts five years, after which both parties are at liberty. This sad state of things causes me to sigh for the Christianity of the 19th century, which I now begin to value aright, but alas, its laws, institutions, I and blessings haveall passed away, ex cept in a few secluded parts f. the earth. In the Commune there are only three Bibles, and-they are in the Miuseum; the Holy Book being thus practically chained up again. The Sabbath is also abolished. Cer tainly there is one holiday every week but it is entirely given up to pleasure of all sorts. In the forenoon there is a kind of Iservice held in the Temples cf Humanity (which are the substitutes for: churches) consisting chiefly of music. The chants of Mendelsohn and I I Handel, and the reading of the ' book of heroes.' Roman Catholicism and Materialism I have amalgamated. and Pope Plus the I 15th acts asHigh Priest,or first Master of the Temple. ' These temples are truly grand build-. Sings. The inside walls: are adorned iwith the pictures and busts of the heroes, who are mentioned inthe book, There is Darwin on the. grand: altar, Tyndale and Huxley, and. not a 'few preachers of the nineteenth century..:; The religion. of- the; Commune. is ',Materialisni ;'.. their' God, law ::and matter. ' 'Their"creed, tha't of"' EvoluY tioin,' with TDarwin Uas the: first: prophet. Besides the book of heroes is' read ,The history of Civilizatioi,' the, sub-. staine of. which is an account of. its fight, its foes,and its triumphs. When the latter are completed the 'world shall be" Paradise restored .;' its people shall be angels.s Civilizationi has taiight. iman,' fromi nature the sedret, by which life may lie prolonged; Its. history is. a. history of ideas, which have always influenced human conduct. - Now'their idea of evolution explains I the ori iin of 'ill thinigsn and swveps away thdl enises of the world; as':well im m ortality3 civi From' such superstitions the civiliza tion has delivered themn,ad by it 'tliey are delivered from the greatest enemy to the world's progress-Christianity, which began to:, decine during the latter part of the 19thl century I,: It wvas .founded by a Jewish car= penter?:, who .was a most remarkable man.. His doctrine received its first death blowr from our prophet, Darwin, who founded the doctrine of 'Evolu tion. Evolution comnienced : with' a mist, and from :this mist our history of civilizAition springs. Glory. be to the mist. The' laws of progress was on this wise. ' The human heart was 'seen to have 'a itendency ' to' worship 'somel object. The oriinal'ohbject is said to have been a God, but during the ',19th century it ;iis lowered to that. of I buildings, priests and ceremonies-to man in fact, which last: object science has greatly ele ated, hence the temple, the heroes "'and the' Coimmune.' The religion of Christ has, passed into the Sreigion, of huhianity. The laws? 'of conscience and ,of' lve. have been superseded by .those ..of reason and I liberty. . :: .r. ?l'hisin substance, is the creed of the Communee, the reading of which every Sunday (holiday) morning is re. ceived with applause,; and at the men tion of Darwin's name the great choir sing,' :For he's: a jolly, good& fellow,' the whole 'company joining in the choriis,' Hii, hip, hurrah .' Oli, how I weep: at this' state of things, which recalls. to my 'mind the w I words of the Lord ' Ye, :when ye shall' see these things know that the end is nigh.' . Conscience siow. begins to' upbraid me in'this way. Do you, not know the night is couming. Do you not pro £rtoe-o-baq saobnsg.f£orgyournylýasted •'approach, 'Haye you not:been ?iiying,i I" Peace, peace,' when there' was no peace !' Has not religion been too much'. taught ' and understood as? a" dogma, rather thanl a, life- as a code. of rules rather than as an enibodiment of principle.. Has not the examtple of Christ been left"too much'out of sighit Has not the world's wisdom produced a gener. ation of fools'? Has not the Chiises StianrChurch been striving to please the world, and now .'the .world has run off with the church 1 Has not religion: altogether become a theory, an instrument wherewith to please men . Is it any wonder, therefoire, tihat the youth isltauglit to doubt,. and trained for ornament. rather than fora life of usefulness -- Do you not know that during 'the Christa.nity. of the' 19th cenitury 'the Government, turned' the Bible out of the day' .'schools. Have. you inot seen the Sabbath little by little rignored ? Have you not heard 'Chris tain young men speak of marriagis.as a' burdenl.tave you not .seen parental responsibility trailing in thle dust, and children ruling over their: pirents. Has not the whole church gradually given into l the sophistry of thle:iwould-hbe wise of the world. Wordly .philoso Wphrrhat wonder then that the day 'of God's wrath should come. How? I weep for'very' shame 'and :sorrow'v i.Vhat would I not .giC ' ,now to get d copy of the Bib!e;which I so badly used. ' ,What would I not sacrifice to attend a prayer meeting,' about which' I have been so indifferent, but it is too late now. Oh that I: had appreciated 'ore things that belong unto my peace, but now. they are hid from from. my eyes. Talents, once bright, are" nsow "rusty.. The light kept so long uinder a bushel has now turned to darknesst, and .hoiy great is that darkness. The- chuirch that once taught 'Watch, and be sober,' has itself fallen asleep. They who once Iappeared fruitful branches in the S'Living Vine' have separated them selves and become withered, and are Strodden under foot of the Apostles of Darwin. The Lord said, 'Keep.my. statutes and live,' but since the church followed Ephraim, and God has left it alone. Now I understand that ' God is not mocked,' but that whatsoever the church soweth that-shall it also reap. STrue as are the Scriptures-God has r still a few that have not defiled their garments. These I now seek to find. After a great deal of inquiry I find cmy way to a small Christian village, outside the borders of the Commune. Here I am at home, again. Here I are churches and chapels where God is f worshipped, and that with more sin Scerity than in former days. -On Sunday I went to the little I chapel sith great delight. ' Here the Lord's Supper is a reail feast to iny poor huingry soul. The 2Bible is like a new book, and is all the Smore precious because of the enemy's r perseciution. The Communion of Saints is truly ble1sed. As.to their life it is \- one breath of.praise, each . member is a 1I high priest offering up the acceptable a sacrifice of a humble and obedient li.fe I Here religion is not so much :com? posed of : meetings and sermons as of meditation and prayer and good works 'Christ is to 'them. a reality, their very life ini fact,s that'it-is 'Christ: for them to live' and likei Hiin theyi goi about' doing go',d, 'lovin e~cb other as'a He has loved them... B?cholding these things I cannot help saying,'Well ! Christianity is as a great prize compared with the' Rdpublic or Materialismn : " :.a What a contrast betweeii theim asto results Oliristianity hasa. piople pure. and happy, who live for the- glory' of God, and for. each other's good. Itlsecures a day of'rest for the weary: worker. -It keepis the dniation pure aind uniited by the laws of -Marriae 'a?id 'Homes:-' It trains the youh for i happiness and usefulness;in this life ld fogory an the'life to come.: It cares 'for its. sick and wounded brethren by the provision of hospitals,'etc., while Materialismi on the .othei- hand i"gnores al divine antliority. and sets mian againss his fellow. ih i The sermoinin the ttle: chapeli; on the second coming. of Christ _:' Behold I come quickly; ..hold that fast :which thou hast that no man take thy crown? 'Theignus of Christ's'coming,' says the preacher, 'are beiiigdaily fulfilled, rind indicate clearly thattheLord is indeed cominu qickly. It is therefore, our duty to be ready, ;ready.in heart and character :tos ards Christ Himself,:and ready in love- towards' each ';othlier to meet the Lord of lovee.'' The prayer meetingiheld every Mon day) is a real .waiting on the Lordcfor His coming.. How., heavenly, is' the place i How full,of faith the prayers! No ifs' and.' buts,' but blessed is Be that shall come, and will come, and' will not tarry . .We thank theedear master,that thou art not slack concerning thy ;promise. We praise thee for telling us that:thy conming will be 'as a thief in the night' The night is closing round us -in the 'Republic of Materialism,'' ai;d; there fore, we' watch for thinee approach.. ' Come,' saysone brothier. '.Eveni so I come,' says another. Lord Jesus, comle quickly, sighs the whole company, and: then a solemn pause. All hearts are w'itin, .while I the eyes of- faith look up to the very gates of heaven itself. " . ' And behold a door is'opened, anid a throne is' set in heaven, and the look of ! ! Him who sits therein .is like , unto' a' jasper stone : round about the:throine stand 24I elders clothed iri white raini; ,ment, and on tlheir heads are crowns of goldwhich.they cast at the feet of Him vwho sittethl on the Thronie, saying ' Thou art worthy, Oh; Lord, to receive po ivei?a?id ry for ThouUhs'iu ;rdieate all things (Rev. 4). ?: ` i :; Ho that sits o"n the Throne holids in His hand a book sealed 'with: seven seals (Rev. 6' 1:) and He the Lion of the tribelto J udah, the ioot of :David, opens the book, and .there is brought before the whole: compainy a'a lamb such,'as .had been slaing, and he cdnies aid .tales the book, . and the four and twenty ,.elders. fall fall,down before the Lamb anid present the- incense of the prayers of- the Saints beloved who are praying, ' Lord,'.come quickly.' : Then they sing a new song, saying, ' Thou art worthy, for Thou hist redeeined us to God by Thy blood boit of veiry ki-ndred and nation and people and'tongue, and the, number of them. 'that sing' is ten thoisand, even. thousands of thousands, This heavenly burst of praise well nigh sileiices the little band at the prayer meeting ' Thou art worthy,; cries: tlie lhea verily host, . to r eceive, power' and riches and- wicdoni and honour:; and glory and blessing '- at which the little band below: loose the' bass note .:of praycr and join in the 'contralto 'of praise with the host above:, So; they sing above and 'below,'' Piaise .,Gbd from whom all: blessings' flow; . praise Him all creatures heie below ptaise Him above ye Heav-enly host praise rather, Son and Holy Ghost. ' :' After this, I look, iand abehold the faces of the faithful few are bright as the Sun' and ,four: angels 'descenhd to I the four corners of the earth Whlio seal the sainits in their foreheads (All this happens in, the quiet of the night) Theni suddenly in a moment,. even : in. the twiinkling of an eye, the whole heavens becomes transparent bright. ness (towards which the saints are stilljooking). Then comes the 'sound of ie''AnAiel,' tr?nimpetsa froi'the'.*tom. c6iners of the earth. A cloud 'as-of fire descends from heaven. It is the Lord, every waiting eye at once sees Him, and becomes like Him, while descending through the air to meet Him and join the sainted dead who have already risen, and are now caught up together with those who are alive (having remained till His coming) and Iall'descend to be ' for ever ?lith the I Lord.' With what rapture do they sing 'Salvation to our God who Ssitteth upon the throne unto the Lamb Sas arrayed in white robes, washed in the blood of the Lamb, they stand before the throne, serving day and Snight in the temple of God's presence, and the Lamb in the midst of the Sthrone doth feed them, and there is no more sorrow; and God has wiped away all tears from their eyes. Having seen all this, I fall down as one dead. Sbut the Angels ofthe Lord strengthens me, saying ' Fear not; arise and -go into the city, ' and I will shew thee great and terrible things which shortly come to pass. Going into the city, I find indeed a terrible state of things, wars and rumors of wars abound on every hand : the whole Commure is in an uproar ; iniquity in every form pirevails without hindrance ; the evils which have been characteristic of the Commune since itt foundation are in creased a hundred fold. Having refused to believe the Truth and banished God from their thoughts, He : has given them up'to their :vile affections. "Great signs and wonders uiedonie by tlieheicked; wihose comiing we are told,'if hfte" the' working of Satain'-tlie true AntisChrist.. For God has sent ,lthem -stron delusion that they should believe a lie.-2.Thes, 2.? These : things ;have been: existing. previous; to :the coiiing of* the ,Lord now, there has come upon those who refusedr to believe,. great - tribulations such have, not beean since, l4 e e. ginning, of. time,-famines and, pesti lerices and earthquakes ar.e the orders of-'the day,-parents.. deliver. their hliildren to- death andd children their parentsil At ntleng' the cry is heiard in a ,:moment,; "How long,, Lord, holy and true dosttlihou not .avsnge our blood on them that dwell.on the.earth'r ,tl-om-,5iraa1ýasis-asekcloth of hairind the moion as blood, ;'the stars fall from Sheavn'';ev s a fis tree casteth her untimely:figs; the heavens departeth as a scroll w.hen it isTrolled together, and; every ,nountain.rand every island are moved out of their places. *Men are liecone wild as: the beist, and are running from place to? place, nidst fear and sterror! The E.ings of the rearth; men and the icl.me an ad chief~iap tains and the mighty uien and . every bondmen and' every freeman are hidling themselves in dens and.i caves of the earth. They that were filthy; are filthy. still', tlihy that lhave been wor shipping deadi material' aro idatierialists still ;so they chll upon "their' godsthe imountains aind rocks, sayoig ,"Fall upon us, and hide us.. from the fi?c'e of Him that sitteth upon the 1throne, and aiiin fromu the ',irath of the Lamb, ,For the great" day of his vratli is come; eho shall be able to stand:! Threo is..3aby Ion; fallen,-[,nd the: stroke .of. the torment for ever and ever- asoeideth; and'.they have .io rest;?day'or Inight : .As this point I'came to 'myself; and found. it had: all , beed'a dream; but the voiceof the Spirit spoke, '.When yeshball see these: things,- know that the end pis i nigh.:"-. 'Behold T conie quickly?; ' lold that fast which thou hast, that no. man take thy criownR Jude 1 19; 2"nd Peter 3, 11 1 Thes 5;,1;11 ,Rev 610, 10 7.: Rev: 3 11 Sleep not' Soldier of the Cross -I :Foes are lurking all around ; Look not here to find repose;' Ihi Tis s bit thy battle ground. Upi, and intkethy shield and sivord,'. SUp ? It is the call ot Heaven ? Shrink enot.faithless' from thoLord ; ; Nobly strive as he has striven. Throueh the midst'of toil and pain,, , - : Lot this hope ne'erleave thy breast ; Soon shall come the Lord again, , . Then shall be eternal rest 