I'RINCKSS THIDATUK batches do CJornovlllo waa revived today nlu'ht to it crowded audi Ihij opera is an old favourite iilatrc-goors, and It would bo In to to note tho many oompamea ■lweplayed in it, alnoo its ilrat pro a.ln Mr IV, K. Lyster's timo with rilin Thompson aa tho load, and of lijirimrdi'iuir who havo oaaayod tho Itopolctto, this lady waa admitted lib best roprcsontatlvo< Noxt In otio Miss 1'attlo Lavovno. Now iiti lllss Mngglo Mooro, of whom itlingnvero oxpootod, and that sho I Mine up to tho standard of tho two ladles, or ovon aurpaaa thorn »t doubted lor a moment, XJn« mtelyon Saturday night, alio waa •sag (rum a suvoro oold, and ijhiho mndo a bravo atrugglo, It :aly too cvlclont that sho was at a tfalvaiuage. Howovor aa far aa gwent, tho port of Sorpolutto novor I'd mote eltuutlvo troatmont, and It iiiolumes for Airs, Willlamaon'a fe wavers, that tho atidlonoo woro yit-ily carried away by tho ilnlshod u;, nnd (nulal expression, In tho iHug,uud 'Kola ghost at all'on» tore cruelly Insisted on, and It waa Ik He that tho hlghont oxpootatlona j'Uo realized had sho buun woll, '■»Aggie Kolton was tho tlornmlno uteulon, hut sha hud no oppor tune display of that Hpavkllng 'I'wtn, whluh la tlio uHsontlai '■7 of hoi- aotlnir, Uormalno la a JMf|mrt, and Miss .Ivoiton oJl'aood I ^(recording to tlui tradltlona of tho 1 ««r singing voloo though not mid tunoful, and alio «itlie gltl of ulnar urumoiutton, so ''•'tenets know what who la alng Jott|ihli\u Union whm o ilnppur l-Uillot Imy unit mutUi Olu'lstopnu I'liuiUiiriil iittrllmlii of tin* iiooihi> !• I m so muny youiiK liulluH Ui> n riiMMuutul uxiu'tmuDiioo, and of thu ollmr youn^ IiiiUiim wild iiru Pwlln Uiu'lilllH, Mliw Si.ilimin.Un' 1m I* Mwl (nit tor imtuiolol intuition. ■'"Vimluw hIhiwii Initom 'now wtiut ff'iHl'KMjnlutlvu of tiu* HulUUi liu Im> f'^itimluy ul|(l*i In* iloopiminl IIUm RjMfi, imil tlnimiiiu) nmy l»u mikl of Vmm .Imwt Iirim In I mux, Mr mil Initm (limn for no lonKi IJmhwIvml i|iiUn iv worm ui'iiutli*|(, J,1'*'' m umnvl toklnu o full mIiiu'u of !"'• •'"")! 1*1(1) Air ItnmiiU' provuil I-wUolmuinwltliiruil tlto limit. Mur 1 W DVOl U|lll0llllHl In Mi In optim. P* luivnlty of ili'i iitntUlul 1 n lliti UuHiioi'tf ul! M r I'lltiiii. I rim iiuulu hV iiiumi om lnni*i>iu'« l',''11"1" 1'iivt Unit, tluirn wi*i'ii not IjjV* Javuuil wiiui imuiili* wlio nliouk IIIii.) oxolalimul In i»rii«Jmln* I'litnu wu<* iiultn iiiit, ul' It I*,'v" 'kil lui wiimi'i out of It liy u Iv,;, Wl% 'mil hi* iioiuiiiiillim of tiiu nlKUoUviiiil hy tlui itomu artistic care ho bestows on all his parts, The finale to tho second act, for Instance, came like a shook to nil those present, for seldom has an operatic scene boon so free from travesty or ludlcrousnoss, and yet at the same time so terribly realistic, and that the most painfully Intonse silence hold tho audionoo, Is the highest tribnto to tho actor's powers. Of a verity wo have no idea of the extended range of Mr. Elton's talents, Tho chorus fully sustained their reputation for their in telligent perception of tho various points, and tho orohustra with Mr. Harrison, received their customary mark of public approbation. Mr. Wallace must bo com plimented on tho finished attention to detail ovlncod by everybody on tho stage; Mr Gordon on the lovely scenery of tho last act; and tho lady who has charge of tho wardrobe, on tho elegant blending of colours in tho costumes. Ln Maseotto Is to bo the next revlvnl. On Monday night Mlaa Oolbouruo (labor, appeared aa Sorpolotto, as .Mrs. William son was not butter. Mlaa Jlabur was very successful, and desorvos tbu highost praise for the determined manner she shows to conquer all obstacles. Hur acting la wonderfully improved, whllo hor voeal powers are too well and favourably known to need oommont, Tho same evening Miss Aggie Kolton (Mrs Harrison) was incapacitated from play ing, owing to severe domestic altllotlon, thoroforo hor understudy Miss May Pollard undertook the part of Clurmalno, and notwithstanding hur uervouanesa made a favourable impression. Hhu has a very good voluo, and If It svoro kopt under better command, Miss Pollard would oUoct a higher result, 