Mature. Bees as Adversaries Thoso who have personal knowledge and CJC pericnco o£ bee-culture will bear out the re mark tliat bees arc not particular as to tbc size or tbc position of tbc bomc in which they choose to dwell, so that itsufflccs for tbcm to carry on with security their wonderful opera tions. In their wild stato cavities of rocks and hollow trees arc alike available : and in their domestic condition they have no pre ference for a straw castlc over a house of wood, nor for a wooden house over a straw castle. The bee, which, while under proper treat ment, is one of man's best friends, proves, when molested, a terrible foe. Allusion is made to this by Hoses, in his story of what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the wilderness. " The Amorites came out against yeu, and chased you as beesdo, and destroyed you." The strength and force of their sting is such as to enable them to pierce the skin of the horse and other large animals, and kill tbcm. Their ordinary speed when in flight is from sixty to eighty miles an hour, and they have been known to fly post the windows of an express train when travelling at full epeed in the same direction. The bee's manner of attack is to dash straight at the object aimed at; and commonly, when ex cited by the presence of some meddling per son, they will attack the face, aiming especi ally at the eyes. When the thousands which inhabit a hive arc aroused by the sound of alarm-well understood by nil tbc inmates to repel an invader, they sally forth with a courage and determination which none can withstand, attacking their foes on every side with a fury it is impossible to resist. King David muBl bavc witnessed just such nscene, which he reproduces in bis description of the fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelenting foe: " All nations compassed me about; they compassed mc about like bees." Bccently, the mishap of a porter in hand ling a box of bees iu transit by railway created an amusiug and rather alarming scene at the station. There was a general stam pede of passengers and officials flying In every direction chased by the infuriated bees. Catching the queen and placing her in the box, restored confidence and quiet, for, flock ing loyally to her standard, the whole colony returned to the case, which was then sent on its way. llut even this is a small affair com pared with what is related in ancient history of persons being driven from their habita tions, and the inhabitants of an entire town being compelled to flee before myriads of bees. .Eiiauus, who flourished about 200 A. D" gives an instance of this in one of his seventeen books on animals. Mungo Park, the African traveller, mentions a modern in stance which took place near Dooproo: " Wc had no sooner unloaded the asses than some of tbe people being in search of boney, inop portunely disturbed a large swarm of bees. They came out in large numbers, and at tacked men and beasts at the same time. Luckily, most of the asses were loose, and galloped up the valley; but the horses and people were very much stung, and obliged to scampcroS in all directions. In foot, in half an hour the bees seemed to put an end to our journey. In the evening, wben they became less troublesome and we could venture to col lect our cattic, wc found many of them much stung and swelled about the head. Three asses were missing; one died in the evening, another next morning. Oar guide lost his horse, and many of the people were much stung about the head and face." Persistence of the Beaver. - The quickness with which a colony discovers a wholesale attempt against their peace is astonishing; yet if their numbers are undis turbed, or diminished bat gradually, even the presence of civilization will not drive them them from their haunts. To-day beaver arc returning to streams in Michigan, long ago abandoned by their race, simply because they find themselves unmolested, the demand for beaver-peltry being slight, and the prices paid out of all proportion to tbe labor entailed in trapping. It lias been said that, if a dam or house be once injured by the hand of man, tbe colony at once disappears. But that this is fallacious is proved by the following : Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mich., on the Carp River, a beaver colony began the erection of a new dam. Though the embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, and trains passed backward and forward daily, they seemed in no way dis turbed, and worked steadily on until the water bad risen a foot or more. The track master, observing that this endangered the line-for the embankment bad been utilized as a wing of the dam- ordered the water to be drawn olf. But the following day the beavers had repaired the dam cut through, and the water was its former height. Again and again and again was the dam cut through, and as often would it be repaired. All in all, it was cut and repaired some flfteen or twenty times ere the beavers were sufficiently dis couraged to abandon their attempts. White Sparrows.-Instead of the ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or flfteen of the thou sands of sparrows in Macon are white, Pro fessor Willett of Mercer University has made a close study of insectivorous birds, and when this fact was brought to his attention he supposed the white sparrows were merely albinos. Nature plays her freaks in all classes of tbc animal crcation, and scatters albinos among men, beasts and birds. Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white one is found. But the white sparrows at Macon arc too numerous to be accounted for oft the theory of chance, which would explain the presence of one in a thousand. They arc exactly like their companions in every re spect save color, and there is no evidence that the (white and (lark sparrows have crossed; tlicy arc all either solid white orsolid brown. London Needle Women.-The women engaged in tbc shirt trade are to the full as ill oft, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were their sistcra in the day when Hood sang their sorrows and Bufferings. The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. She soon becomes in very deed. The seamstress, lean and weary and wan, With only the ghosts of garments on, who, In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sews at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Happily, many uf the shirt bands arc not wholly dependent upon tbc earning of their needle. Numbers of the married women of the poorer classes work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wages of their husbands and the additional income thus gained, though it may be but three or lour shillings a week, sensibly in creases tbc comfort of the household. Con sidering the wretched prices paid for the work, tbc surprising thing is that tbc women should earn even so much nt it as some of them do. Take the button- holing - a leading branch of the work. The holes arc rough punched in the factories tbe work of the outdoor hands being to stitch tbcm round. This button holing is admittedly " niggling" work, and yet the rate at which it is paid for by the sweaters is n penny per dozen collars. As i nch collar has three holes, the hand, who finds her own needle and cotton, has to stitch thirty-six holes for a penny. ISvcn so, Koine of the ex perts, by working long hours, by rising early on Summcrmcrnings,and sittinglatc on Winter nights, by living on food that is "ready to be put inlo the mouth," chiefly bread and butter, and eating as they work; by acting on thest lines soma of the button holors will earn as much as eight or nine shillings per week. The prices paid by the manufacturers who give it out in the (list instance nrc probably such as would enable n skilled and industrious hand to make a living wage . but as mattcra stand such men are almost compelled to employ middlemen, and the tender mercies of tbc sweater are cruel. 