' Concentr atedNews. Victoria. DUiiiN'Ci jubilee week in -Victoria, all public schools will bo given a holiday. The staff of landing-waiters iu Melbourne ia to bo' strengthened on account of tho recent Customs frauds. Both Houses of tho Victorian Parliament will unite in forwarding a joint conirratulatory address to tlio Queen. BiinrxEX Jnnnnry, 1SS4, and May, 1S87, 135,000,000 passengers wero carried on tho Victuriuu railway lii.es. Mn. Ghavks, in tho Victorian Legislative Assembly, called tho Premier (if that colony 'a cold- blooded icicle, whom nobody liked.' Sojrn of the claims for damages arising out of tho Windsor railway disaster involve large amounts, mid tho_ total number seems to be greater than anticipated. Ekveiuii of thn Victorian Ministers and a largo number of members of Parliament pro pose to go to Adelaide to welcomo Mr. Deakin on his arrival next Thursday. A Jtn:ii/El5 banquot, held uudor tho iinspiops of the Victorian Public Service Association in Melbourne was a great success. Tho SovarnoV and Lord Brassey were present. Tjib system of differential or competitive rates on tho Victorian railways for the purposo of diverting thn trado of tho Kiverina to Mel bourne has been in foroo for years. The Secretary o£ State for the Colonies has scut a oirenhir to tho Premier of Victoria iu reference to tlio dovelopiijg of tho fruit trado botween Australia and England. Mb. D-nviiB states thoro is not the ghost of u chanco of tho A.U.S.N. Company oinployiug black labour in tho Australian trade, such a policy inclining simply ' connnoroial suioido.' Tin-: agreement between tho Viotorian Gov ernment und tho Chafi'ey Brothers, with rofor enco to tho Mildura run, seems to bo produoinjr some sensation in the Legislative Assombly of that colony. The Premier of Viotoria has roceiyod from tho Secretary of State for tho Colonies a cir cular asking for information with tho viow of establishing a trado in fruit between Engluud and Aubtruliu. Tiik effect of tho recent Viotorian regulation as to differential railway rates is being inquired into by tho Now South Wales authorities with a view to counteract the notion tiken if it is found necessary. Tins four prisoners who woro conoorned in the recent disturbanoo at tho Pontridgo prison wero brought boforo tho visiting justices at Peiuridgo, and, having nothing to say in ox temmtion of thoir conduct (tho Melbourne Aye states), woro sonteuocd as follows: Twibol, tho carpenter, was soutencod to six months' additional imprisonment, and to bo kept in ' A ' division, tho last two wooks to bo passed in solitary confinement. Cooper was also sen tenced similarly. Tho Mussulman, Abdullah, received ono week's addition to his sentence, and Claudo Winters was exonerated from all blame. Tho origin of tho row was, .we are in formed, of a most disgraceful character. Tnn will of the lato Pntrlolc C'Brion, of Hawthorn, Victoria, has boon proved, the amount being; sworn at ilS3,000; und that of tho late Horbert Rpoko, of Roika, Tompaitt mid Co., proved at SVJfii'l. A connES*os»ENT writing1 to a Melbourne onrnul says : ' Would not tho forthcoming jubilee year be a suitable/ timo for -Australia to endeavour to obtain a Bong which might b-j accepted as her ' national song i' ' TjrE way in' which- the Viotorian Opposition secured mi adjournment ouo night lately was amusing. 'I do not want au adjournment,' said Mr. Bent, 'but I know tho Government expectit, and I will therefore moro an adjourn ment.' Lv the vice-regal speech- in connection with tho opening of tho Victorian Parliament', tli£ Governor said, 'The year would havo '.been- without a cloud if a terriblo railway disaster had not brought Buffering or'' sorrow homo to all of us.' ..-.-...'? 