SUNDAY CONCERTS. The eleventh of the present series of sacrea and given hist evening before a full house. Tho classical concerts at the Criteriou Theatre was programme was, compared to eoino of tho pre vious 10, a strong one, and tho association of such artistes as Miss Frances fsaviilo, Mr. Warwick Gainor and M. Caron in its pro duction was some evidence of tho intention of the management to improve the standard of their Bunday evening entertainments. Miss Acton Blair. Miss K. Lovoll and Miss Kate Alma, Mr. Ridadalo and Mr. Edward Reeves took part in the concert. Miss Saville on her appearanco wa3 well received, and the two numbers which sho gavo were encored. The selections were a recitative anrt scena from "Der Freischutz" and Tour'f-fflromance 44 Because ofM .hec." j Mr. Warwick Gainor sang M. Caron'a hymn "O Salntari," to which tho composer played with delicate expression the violin obligate, A recall rewarded tho singer for bis effort and he bowed his acknowledgment. Later on be sang "Speed on," to which the audienco manifested a desire to pay a similar tributo. The attendance at tho Theatre Royal Concert showed some improvement on that at tho pre vious concert. The gallery was perhaps the worst patronised place in the house. Mr. B. Cadzow and Mr. J. H. Rainford, who took a prominent part in the concert, contributed a great deal to its success. Mr. Cadzow gave tne two songs 44 Tell me, Mary, how to woofthee" and " Madolino" with an eifect which was not detracted from by tbe fact that he bad been heard in both many times before. Mr. J. II. Rainford recited " Ben Brewer," ta| piece which afforded some scopo for his elocutionery powers. Miss EmmaWangonheim and Miss Glendenning wero among tbe vocalists whose efforts wero warmly received. Tbe concert at tho Alhambra Music-hall was, as usual, well attended. The performance of 44 Henry Y." at Hor Majesty s Theatre oniSaturday night was wit nessed by an audience much less crowded but perhaps more sympathetic than that of tho opening night. Mr. IUgnold had not, unregal- likej to throw himself on tbe mercy of his audience, but by the force and, dignity' of his acting commanded tbeir admiration aud ap plause. The Theatre Royal commanded a good house on Saturday night, when the sensational melo drama 44 Hnmau Nature" was well received. Miss Essie Jenyns appeared again In the character of Juliet on Saturday night at the Criterion Theatre before a largo and brilliant audience. Her next impersonation will be that of Vioia in "Tweiftb iNight," which will bo staged next Saturday night. During tho re mainder of the week "Romeo aud Juliet" will continue to bo played. 44 Pepper's Gbost," accompaniod by a merrv and nnghostliko entertainment, was fairly well patronised on Saturday night. Tho ghost re tains its well-remembered shape, performed its share in the evening's entertainment satisfac torily, and only ceased to be admired, like Dr. Lynn's lady, when it vanished. The programme was varied with some new songs and dances, for which many members of tho company ware liberally applauded. The Alhambra Music-ball, Cottiers' Concert and the Columbia Skating Rink, offering attrac tions of a varying kind, were each largely attended. Mr. Robert Kennedy will appear in a well- selected programme of Scottish songs at tho Protestant- hall to-night. Owing to other engagements the Columbia Skating Rink will only be open to the public two days this week — viz., to-day aud on Saturday. A vocal and instrumental concert, under the patronage of Lady Carrington, Mrs. A. J. Riley (Mayoress) and Lady Innee, will be given In the Y.M.C A. on Wednesday evening in aid of tho Girls' Friendly Society. 