THE GOLDEN HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I dreamt a dreatn that was not all a dream." EY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of " A Sea Queen," "The Wrack of the Grosvenor," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XX. -(continued). There was a pause,broken only by the flap af a sail as the schooner rolled to lee ward and the rippling cf water at the stem. Some bright stars were shining in the dark eastern blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose skirts were blackening to the night, though their brows still held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the sea. " Why, of course," said Goldsmith, hammering at a flint for his tinder box, "if you put it In that way, capt'n, it's right enough, Ne'er a man here, I s'pose, believes in ghosts, hobjects ye can see ancl yet walk through without feelin' of 'em. And our wish to hear what you had bo say about the yarn Johnny lay and listened to wasn't because we was such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bound out to bring home a ghost, but because none of us not having much acquaintance with what goes on in par sons' minds, we agreed that there must be something uncommon hidden from us in this voyage, and wanted to know what it was." "Well, ye have the truth," said Stone, "and I'll go a bit furder with you yet, mates-the capt'n here'll bear me out: the reason why the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to be spliced to was on the island was 'cause he was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a man ? "Why, I've known chaps afraid to say their prayers-actually ashamed to ask for God's blessin' upon them and those they've left at home-for fear they'd be laughed at by their mates, clioosin' rather to put aside God's love than be jeered at by the meanest of hia creatures." "Well, that's true enough," grumbled Breeches, "I myself have had feelin's 1 shouldn't lia' liked to talk about, 'specially when my boy was drownded." "it's all that bloomin' Johnny cried Joe Hall. "If he'd told the cook the truth there'd ha' been nothen said. Bab who was going to know what we was bound out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about ghosts and sperrits on an island waiting for the Bchooner to take 'em off T "And I ain't sure, Micky," said Sawyer, turning upon the cook, "that the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of re lating of it." "I'll swear," cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, " that I never said nothing about the ghosts heyes bein' like ridin' lamps for brightness. Yet Micky made that out. S'elp me, skipper, it wur Micky's temper as forced me to j 'Bplain why I hadn't come forrard afore, or rather than ha' said a word about the parson's yarn I'd ha' been"-and here, a3 was apparently his custom, he expressed himself willing to incur all sorts of fright ful and horrible calamities, such as being struck blind and the like. This the cook answered by calling Johnny many offen sive names ; but the crew now saw how it was; there was nothing more to argue about, besides it would be eight bells be fore long, and time for the men who had the first watch below to think of turning in. "A queer notion for them to have got into their heads," said Hiram to Stone as they walked aft; "better say nothen about it to Mr. Fortescue ; it might make him oneasy." "So I think," replied Stone. "I dunno that I'm sorry it's happened, either," said Hiram ; "if the woyage was puzzlin' to as aft it was bound to be puzzlin' forwards ; but now its onder standable to all hands; at least, onder standable from the curate's way of looking at it. Mind ye Bill, what I said to the men don't prove that I cease to consider the whole bilin' of this start amazin'ly soopernat'ral, as Breeches rightly calls it. I've been turning it over all the afternoon, and have come to the conclusion that this here woyage muBt be regarded as a whim put into the gent's mind by his dream. If the bearin's of your island are correctly given we shall find it right "enough, bub that's all; nothen else but the island, if it aint a savidge or two !" " Well, we'll have to find that out by waitin'," said Stone. " My view is that since as much as he could find out about his dream tamed out true the other part '11 be true likewise. Ye know, Hiram, that there's no nonsensical piety about me. What I believes in I keeps to myself unless I'm asked to speak. My notion is that one soul's quiete enough for a man to look arter in this world, an' that if he consarns himself with other people's souls he stands to let his own go adrift. So, touchin' this here dream, 1 don't want to hargue as if I was some convarted retired sea captain, who makes friends with par sons in the hope of gettin' a hoist into a berth ashore through 'em; all that I deBire to say is that the Being as made them stars, and the holler of whose hand is big enough to contain the ocean and everything afloat in ofc, is as likely to show mercy to a man by puttin' a useful dream into his head as by hending a gale of wind just when all hands thinks themselves lofct." "Why, yes," exclaimed Hiram, follow ing the indication of old Stone's finger as he pointed aloft ; "there's no limiting of the Lord's power ; everybody knows that; and it.'ud be prebumpsioiis," he added, emphasising the " b," as though he would have Stone to observe his mastery ever difficult words, "in me to say the parson's dream didn't came from the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know it would be more satisfac tory if this class of wisions was more general. There've been a good many dreams goin' in this world ever since Hadam woke up and found Heve alongside of him, which Borne married menmightcon siderin the lightof a nightmare; but when it comes to one chap.bein' singled out " He paused, and added, " Tell 'ee what I should like to dream of, Bill, and find come true." "What?" said Stone, gaping. "Why, of a hisland-not with a ghost upon it-but with a signboard standing up an' saying,'Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good money.' That ud' be a practical dream. But when it comes to femaleB in wisions implorin' of you " He was checked by Stone gripping his arm, and at the same moment Mr. Forte scue came out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope should find matter tor talk in what Captain Weeks had fold them. Certainly the curate's dream did not cor respond with Johnny's notion of their being bound out to an island to bring home a ghost; but it furnished the voyage with a motive that made it seem a queer and uncommon tiling in the thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellows ; and Mr. Forte scue was promptly transformed into a mysterious person to their fancy, who had visions and was to a certain extent pos sessed, and was consequently to be treated with respect and politeness, because it was certain he could exercise peculiar powers, and was therefore a man not to be offended or annoyed on account whatever. This was specially old Breeches' notion, and the rest of the men took it up readily. For several days there was no thing much talked about in the forecastle but Mr. Fortescue'a dream, and every man had something to say about it in the shape of stories he ha4 once heard; in fact, they ended in frightening one J another with yarns about apparitions, corpse candles, figureB of drowned sea men rising in dead calm weather at mid night to read Bhips' names, then shaking their heads with gestures of grievous dis appointment and Binking again; even Johnny had his yarn to add, whilst Breeches, the cook, Goldsmith, and Jim Kitt related a score among tliem till the night watches became decidedly uncom fortable, and the skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couples. But by degrees the superstitious feel ings among them wore themselves out; the men would notice that the curate was all kindness and gentleness in his way to them, that he had always a pleasant greeting for every man who came past him, and a friendly word for the helms man, whoever he might be ; he'd read from the Church Service to them on Sundays, and add a few words by way of a sermon. Long ere this they had found out that they were a good and willing crew, the captain a smart hand, and Stone, a genial old seaman, it was a pleasure to work under; so, after they had " yarned" one another into an anxious and nervous condition, they " turned to " and talked themselves out of it, all agreeing-even the cook-that they had never been in a more comfortable little craft, nor engaged for a plpaaanter voyage, dream or no dream. Indeed, J ohnny's carry lnghis blundering tale forward proved as fortunate an occurrence as could have been wished ; for first, it converted the curate into a very impressive personage, not so much to be greatly liked as to be extremely respected; next it raised a curlosiby among the crew as to the issue of the voyage, and this put a spirit of unanimity into them ; then a certain kind of sympathy was begotten for Mr. Fortescue, after repeated discussions in and on the forecastle, for it was plain he was always sad and grieving Becretly; his far-away look would be noticed, the very smile he would give was but as a light upon his face to exhibit how much of sorrow was there, and when the crew took thi3 and combined it with their belief that he could see visions, and that he had been spoken to by heaven in his dreams, and that what he was seeking was a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown him the island she was upon, and which "William Stone knew all about, they felt a sort of importance, as of men engaged in something solemn and won derful, superior to any kind of job sea faring men had ever been asked to deal with. But it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the Doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. (To he continual,) 