London Gossip. (From tho Correspondent of tho Sydney 3Tail.) Tiie notion of tho big finnnoial houses in recent matters is bringing their ways, though not their means, into disrepute. Mossrs. Baring led off with their packing of Messrs. Guinness and Sons' list, by which the investing public did not get their chanco until tho ' ' promium ' stage was fully reached. Next tho Bank of Englnnd has been called ovor tho coals for its .conduct in tho placing or the Wuecnsland loan. Even the Standard asserted that tho methods of tho bank in ' supporting' tho loan were quite unworthy of it. Nnw we havo the London and Westminster liunk, which has had the conversion of Messrs. Allsopp and Co., charged by correspondents in tho Times with tempo rarily appropriating to their own uses tho large subscription for the shares of this latest addition to the 'limitedB.' As this subscrip tion is believed to havo amounted to about £5,000,000, tho London nnd Westminster Bank by cash ng, instead of holding over the cheques, has been able to employ thnt amount for 18 days, thereby earning about £10,000. So Germany hna voted tho Beptennnte, and wo can nil breathe ; for has not Bismarck de clared that tho septennato means peace ? lhtt bombshells, grape, an' powder W ball, Air good- will's strongest magnets, Ihet peace, to make it stick at all, Must ue tlruv in with bagucts. By-the-by, the saying that 'to be pre pared for war ib one of the most effectual means of preserving peaco,' usually attributed to Lord Palmerston, was really uttered in Con gross by George Washington. Mr. Bright has brought a telling indictment against nil the wnrB in which England hus Icm engaged sinco tho Queen's accession. Ho liy no nieniiK commits himself to a peacent niiy-prico policy, and refers to tho American war as a necessity. Ho cannot say as much of any war wo Intro undertaken for tho last hnlf-ccntnry at least. For tho Russian war, Mr. Bright contends, tx o had no ground what ever, , nnd this opinion was shared by Lord Aberdeen, who wub Premier of tho Cabinot (lint dccliircdT it: Tho causes of the Chinoso wars wero our opium traffic and 'a lie of the most notorious character' — tho Englishmen being tho liars. For tho two Afghan wars thero was not a particle of justification. Ono of our Burmese wars ?' wns got up upon a pro- - tension, that wns absolutely fraudulent and scandalous.'' I cannot go . through tho list, wilh Mr. Bright, out every just and humane, man must acknowledge, if ,ho remember so muoh of .history, that Mr. Bright is right. Lord Tennyson will find that though 'this huckster ' mny not ' put clown war,' ho will greatly strenijthe a the, feet . of tho messengers of peace. ... ' .,;,.' : The Prinno of Wales, who is now at Monte Carlo, had a-now.cxporicnoo on Tuesday mom ing. Ho can now, shy ho has booh- in an earthquake. 'At ;CunneB tho people Beora to have quaked moro than tho earth, aud have formed a eommui-ity of shakers. ' Penelope,' , th'o.weH- linowii lady correspondent, is now at .Marseilles.;' She will havo;plenty of matter for this yicck'B .letters. It was onco my fate to sit at a dirinor party n»xt to a Scotchman who had 'uiiil )H IP OBiHh^iiies, Hp ]iad cmcrgf-d, from fhf-m quito imperturbable. They hod-not oven. i-biikn a joke into him. I asked him if he .was frightened. 'Naw,' said ho, ' Woro they strong f' ' Consecderablo.' I wen dorcd what it would take to make a subjoot of cciiTcr- ation with him, seeing that ovon earth quakes failed. Hud tho recent shooks at Monte Carlo levelled tho casino walls, what an ovont '. it would havo been for tho special pro vidouco pcoplo ! . ' How helpful could thoy quote, But one poor instance when ho fnteniossil Promptly and surely unil beyond mistako. ? Instead of that comes tho awful nows of 300 pcoplo bring killed in a clrarch. 'When you aro getting tho worst of a politioal argument, abuso your opponent's patriotism. Mr. GoBc-he-n, finding that Lord SnluburyV circulars to foreign Powei'B wero criticised o.b humiliating by Liberals, turns round and taunts them with being unpatriotic. His argument amounts to this : ' No matter if your Govern ment is wrong ; no matter if y ourPrime Slim'stor eommits you to a policy you utterly condemn ; no matfer how foolish ho mnkcii his country to look to foreigners, you must not say so ; you must back him op and cry, ' Bully for you.' ' Of all fho downright immoral things nny states man can say, this is ubout tho most shameless. Ab Mr. Leslie Stephen said of another class of people, the only chnritaldo conclusion wo- ean ccnio to is that Mr. GoFchc-n and his like are ' imposed upon by tlieir own bluster.' aiie sfilo of onr country must ollcrn l)o took, 'ihoMornuisoI Salisbury, yon Icnow, lie fa onr country, An' the imgel that ?writes nil our sins in o bonk, Tuts the debit to liim, nn' to uh the pcy con try. ?Walking down Oxford street tho other day, I snw what looked liko a procession of hansom cubs.- Instead, however, of being tlio- ordinory shut-up bonnet toxes, thoy wero open carriages, on two wheels, the driver still bitting behind. TIicfo cabs cun bo eauily closed; to that tho pi.blin haB a new publio vehicle fcf great c- infill t and utility. The drivers of ordinary lmiiKiiiK -were nt first inclined to be 'nasty' put din iLtovation, but when they hoard that j tho new cabs could be hired V( anyone at the eamo rate as tho old, thoy graoiously oxpresssd thoir approval. : The G&ioty;, with a downright good burlosqno; has revived somo of its formor glory. A new dancer, Misa Sylvia Grey, bids fair to beooine as popular with Gaiety audiences as Kato Vnughan was. Sho dances a sort of paii de dettx with a train of enormous length for a partner. Court Indies shomd go to hor for lessons jn train management. ICate Vaughan now has a theatre of bur own, and works like a briok. Hor Btago manager tells mo that eho superin trnds every detail, is always on tho spot, and, indeed, nearly liveB in the theatro. Sho ia doing Lydia in 'Tho Rivals' now, and; please 'numerous patrons,' Lydia danoos gavotte. An old man, with moro than £.500 in hU pockets and othor money in a bank, is in a Leeds prison, charged with stealing a sixpenny lamp. Of courso, ho pleads kleptomania. Tho late Mr. JuBtico Bylos was once trying a pri soner for stealing. A medical witness was called, who Baid that, in his opinion, tho accused was suffering from kloptomania ; ' and your lordship of course knows what that is,' addeel the medioo. ' Yes,' said nis lordshro, qnie-tly, ' it is what I nm sent here to cure.' The anecdote comes, from a bok just pub lished, called ' A Generation of Judges,'1 It contains many Buoh good things, I have of tm been puzzled to know -/nat g0I.fc of pcoplo buy book' 0{ Otiquotto. Tho book that says. ? ' in plainest print, ' It's most unladylike to hint'— Von may not hint, r Ton must not hint It says yoii mustn't hint in print. The need for such books nmsf; exist, Oi' pub lishing houses would not print them. A now ' ono Iiub just appeared, in which the authoress toils us thnt pears are eaten with the knifo and fork, and that ' pineapple and melon roquir the assistance of tho saino medium.' Isn1 that sentence contrary to the otiquetto of sucl- small things as logic and style ? 'Whero can it bu [ Now, let me see Yes! Yes! It's contrary to oticniutto. Poor Mr. Herbert Sponcer! If ho had n-- given it all np as a bad job long ago, how h must bo bewailing the course of recent legishi tion. Hero in Sir John Lubbock bringing in bill to compel the closing of shops nt 8 p.m. fc five days a week. Mr. Lacaita (tho member ' for Dundee) is fathering anvther to impcwi compulsory sanitary inspection upon every building intended to be used ns a school, college, hospital, asylum, hotel, or lodging-houao, and comcono else is responsible for an Act to amend fho law for tho payment of miners' w»ges — a bill proposing to enact that no miner shall bo paid at a greater interval than once a fortnight. Where, oh liberty of tho individual, whore art thi.u? The Vienneso do not tako their pleasures sadly. They invent new games for grown-up people, nnd thoy have added considerably to tho harmless pleasures'of tlio world. Did not (howultz and tlie cotillon hail from Vienna? The other day the Vienna artists gavo an entertainment nt which tho gues'-s were literally m fancy costumes, for tho year of grace 1887 wus fixed as tho costumo era. Tho result must bo loft, as it came, to tho imagina tion. A series of exhibitions representing the developments that may bo expected in tho futuio evolution of science and art formed part of tho ? entertainment. Some of tho painters sent caricatures of their own pictures, porhaps to prove that tho original was meant to be tnken seriously. Musicians regaled the men, nnd. women of 1987 with tho music of that etoch. Scicnco wus enlisted in the cause, and file future of tho telephone, telegraphy, and photography was exhibited. A lady was seen iittcniiig. to an opera in her boudoir, and sum moning icop, not from the vasty deep, but from a distant confectioner's, by pressing the knob of a bell. ' Tl:o Tall Mall Gazette has been getting up a plebiscite as to the 40 Englishmen who might bo selected to form an academy en. tho French model. It spenks we-ll for the jiverngo intelli gence of the people who entered for competi tion thnt fho nnmes who received tho most votes aro indisputably tlie first of Englishmen. Gladstone heads the list, next comes Tennyson; then Matthew Arnold, Professor Huxley, Herbert Spencer, John Riiskin, J. A. Froude, Robert Browning, and John Morley. Theso fiist 10 n'nmcB are a good specimen of tho rest. A woman who was married fivo m nths ago hns just npplicd for a j dicial separation, on tho curious nloa that hor husband rofusos to cut his toonails, which aro of inordinate length. She states that she has been scratched by them, from ' top to toe.' Another woman, in Bir minghnm, summoned hor husband for kicking her in his sleep. The case was dismissed, and tho husband, finding that ho wus not obliged to pay the piper, walked off, leaving her in pledge for the costs. ?: Avolumo of Mrs. Browning's pooras for which, dear mo, 10 years ago I gave 9s.can now bo had, prettily bound, 'for Is. Tho copy-, right having expired, a publishing fiim issued the volume at a low figure. Mr. Browning, irate, told hiB publishers to bring' it out at Is.', whii-h means 9d. at nearly any bookshop in London. In my humble opinion, Mr. Brown ing should have published the book a year before (he expiration of tho copyright at a popular price. He would then have the grati tude as well ub the chuckles of tho reading public. Heic every day brings-its centenary, tho jubilee being- always with us. The 28th of next October will be tho 100th anniversary of 'Ijo first performance of Mozart's immortal ' Dc-n Giovanni.' MuBicicns in Germany aro g- tting up festival performances of tho opera, lor that day. Tlie usual Dryasdust hnn been hunting up the original score, aiid has got into a wild frenzy about three trombones. Tlcso 'ace-weed instruments do not figure in tho first scoro ns tho weird voice of tho' commendatoro's ghost. 'Ah, .but,'';sny8 someone elso, 'Mozart wrote the musio for these very trombones on a sheet of rnuBio paper; and Tvo Been it.' Ho can't ? . produce, it, however, and is thore at a dis ndvnntago with the man who produced the sioneB of Jerusalem that would have cried out. Now nrusicinns havo formed thomsolvos into two camps— tho trombone camp and tho anti tiombono camp. One professor proposes, that a mixed jury of musicians and accomplished omatenrs shall decido whether, tho 100th por f oi mm. co ib to include tho trombono passages or leave thdrn out I fanoy amateurs will cry, ' A plague o' both your houses.' Mr. Archibald Forbes, tho famous war furrwjondciit, has accepted a commission from the i-«i7» Nan to represent it in case of aotual outbifak on tho Continent. Suronntio folks will not fuil.to draw attention to this engage ment following so toon upon his marriage, out Mr. Forbes, with his roputation for courago and undaoity, ean afford to disregard suoh cheap satire. Ulystea wns a brave mnu, and his happy marriage, is jib celebrated- as his wisdom, yet ho is chiefly remomberod for tho remarkably long time ho took upon his way home. ' ? . 