Siteratorc. ALLAN QUATERMAIN : BEING AH ACCOUNT OF BIS FURTHER ADVENTURES AND DISCOVERIES IN COMPANY WITH SIB HENBY OUBTIS, BABT., OOUHANDEB JOHN GOOD.. B.N., AND ONE UHSLOPOGAAS. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of 'She,' 'King Solomon's Mines,' &c.; Ex Africa semper illiquid novi. {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXEL — How Umslopogaas Held the Stair. — (Continued.) ' How are yon getting on, old chap?' said a voice from the neighborhood of the ?eyeglass. ' What are you doing here ?' I asked faintly. ' Yon ought to be at M'Arstuna — have yon run away, or what ?' 'M'Arstuna,' he replied cheerfully. 'Ah, MArstuna fell last week— you ve been unconscious for a fortnight, you see —with all the honors of war, you know, trumpets blowing, flags flying, just as though they had the best of it ; bat for all that weren't they just glad to go. Israel made for his tents, I can tell you— never saw such a skedaddle In my life.' ' And Sorais ?' I asked. ' Sorais— oh, Sorais is a prisoner ; they gave her up, the scoundrels,' he added with a change of tone — ''sacrificed the queen to save their skins, you see. She ib being brought up here, and I don't know what will happen to her, poor soul,' and he sighed. ' Where is Curtis ?' I asked. ' He is with Nyleptha. She rode out to meet us to-day, and there was a grand to do, I can tell you. He is coming to see you to morrow ; the doctors (for there is a medical 'faculty' in Zu-Vendis as ?elsewhere) thought that he had better not come to day.' I said nothing, but somehow I thought to myself that notwithstanding the doc tors he might have given me a look ; but there, when a man is newly married and has just gained a great victory he is apt to listen to the advice of doctors, and quite right too. Just then.I heard a familiar voice in forming me that 'Monsieur must now couch himself,' and looking up perceived Alphonse's enormous black moustachios curling away in the distance. ' So you are here ?' I said. ' Mais oui, monsieur ; the war is now finished, my military instincts are satis fied, and I return to nurse monsieur.' I laughed, or rather tried to ; but what* «ver may have been Alphonse's failings aa a. warrior (and I fear that he did not Come up to the level of his heroic grandfather in this particular, showing thereby how true is the saying that it is a bad tiling to be overshadowed by some great ancestral came), a better or a kinder nurse never Jived. Poor Alphonse 1 I hope he will always think of me as kindly as I think of him. On the morrow I saw Curtis and Nyleptha with him, and he told me the whole history of what had happened since Umslopogaas and I galloped wildly away from the battle to save the life of the queen. It seemed to me that he had managed the thing, exceedingly well, and showed great ability as a general. Of course, however, our loss had been dread fully heavy — indeed, I am afraid to say how many perished in the desperate battle I have described, but I know that the slaughter has appreciably affected the male population of the country. He was very pleased to see me, dear fellow that he is, and thanked me with tears- in his eyes for the little I had been able to do I saw him, however, start violently when his eyes fell upon my face. As for Nyleptha, she was positively radiant now that ' her dear lord' had come back with no other injury than an ugly scar on hi* forehead. I do not be lieve that she allowed all the fearful slaughter that had taken place to weigh ever so little in the balance against this one fact, or even to detract greatly from her joy, and I cannot blame her for it, seeing that it is the nature of loving woman to look at all things through the spectacles of her love, and little do they reck of the misery of the many if the happiness of the one be assured. That is human nature, which the Positivists tell us is just perfection, so no doubt it Is all right. ' And what art thou going to do with fcjorais I l asked her. Instantly her bright brow darkened to a frown. ' Sorais,' she said, with a little stamp of the foot; 'ah, but Sorais!' Sir Henry hastened to turn the subject. ' You will soon be about and all right again now, old fellow,' he said. I shook my head asd laughed. ' ' Don't deceive yourselves,' I said. ' I may be about for a little, but I shall never be all right again. I am a dying man, Curtis. I may die slow, but die I must. Do you know I have been spitting blood all the morning ? I tell you that there is something working away into my lungs ; lean feel it there. There, don't look distressed ; I have had my day, and am ready to go. Give rae the mirror, will you, I want to look at myself.' He made some excuse, but I saw through it and insisted, and at last he handed me one of the discs of polished silver set in a wooden frame like a hand screen, which serve as looking-glasses in Zu- Vendia. I looked and put it down. 'Ah,' I said quietly, *' I thought so, and you talk of my getting all right!' I' did not like to let them see how shocked I really was at my own appearance. My grizzled stubby hair was turned snow white, and my yellow face was shrunk like an aged woman's, and had two deep purple rings painted beneath the eyes. Here Nyleptha began to cry, and Sir Henry again turned the subject, telling me that the artists had taken a cast of the dead body of old Umslopogaas, and that a great statue in black marble was to be erected of him In the act of splitting the sacred stone, which was to be matched by another statue In white marble of myself and the hone ' Day light,' as he appeared whent at the termi nation of that wild ride* he sank beneath me in the courtyard of the palace. I have since seen ihese &b;&oes- ir;&k3iajfc; lite time of vnJODg tie, sis xaotiiibs after the bs&la;, sae rtesrhr fmfe&saL; and very bewa tifol ifeey are, espeea% waft of Umsk-pd« gEss.-«rfekkfe exactly Ekeijim. As tor that of myself it is good, but thc^ tare idealised my ugly face a little, which is perhaps as well, seeing that thsusaads dispeople will probably look at it in the centuries to come, and it Is not pleasant to look at ugly things. Then they told me that Umslopogaas's last wish had been carried out, and that instead of being cremated, as I shall be, after the usual fashion here, he had been tied up, Zulu custom, with his knees be neath his chin, and, having been wrapped in a thin sheet of beaten gold, entombed in a hole hollowed out of the masonry of the semicircular space at the top of the stair he defended so splendidly, which faces, as far as we can judge, almost exactly towards Zululand. There he sltB, and will sit for ever, for they embalmed . him with spices and put him In an air tight stone coffer, keeping his grim watch beneath the spot he held alone against a multitude, and the people say that at night his ghost rises and stands shaking the phantom of Inkosl-feaas at phantom foes. Certainly they fear daring the dark hours to pass the place where the hero is buried. Oddly enough, too, a new legend or prophecy has arisen in the land in that unaccountable way in which such things do arise among barbarous and semi civilised people, blowing like the wind, no man knows from -whence. According to this saving, so long as the old Zulu sits there, looking down the stairway he de fended when alive, so long will the new House of the Stairway, springing from the union of the Englishman and Nyleptha, which he inaugurated by shattering the Holy Stone, endure and flourish; but when he is taken from thence, or when ages hence his bones at last crumble into dust, the house shall fall, and the Stair way shall fall, and the nation of the Za Yendi shall cease to be a nation. Chapter XXHL — I Have Spoken. It was a week after Nyleptha's visit, when I had begun to get about a little in the middle of the day, that a message came to me from Sir Henry to say that Sorais would be brought before them in the queen's first antechamber at midday, and requesting my attendance if possible. Accordingly, greatly drawn by curiosity to see this unhappy woman once more, I made shift with the help of that .kind little fellow Alphonse, who is a perfect treasure to me, and another waiting-man to reach the antechamber. I got there, indeed, before anybody else except a few of the great court officials who had been bidden to be present ; but I had scarcely seated myself before Sorais was brought in by a party of guards, looking as beauti ful and defiant aa ever, but with a worn expression on her proud face. She was, as usual, dressed in her royal 'kaf,' em blazoned with the emblem of the sun, and in her right hand she held the toy spear of silver. A pang of admiration and pity went through me as I looked at her, and struggling to my feet I bowed deeply, at the same time expressing my sorrow that I was not able, owing to my condition, to remain standing before her. She colored a little and then laughed bitterly. 'Thou dost forget, Macu mazahn,' she said; 'I am no more a queen, save in blood ; I am an outcast and a prisoner, one whom all men should scorn and none show deference to.' ' At least,' I replied, ' thou art still a lady, and therefore one to whom defe rence is due. Also, thou art hi an evil case, and therefore is It doubly due.' ' Ah -' she answered with a little laugh, 'thou dost forget that I would have wrapped thee in a fiheet of gold and hung thee to the angel's trumpet at the top moBt pinnacle of the temple.' 'No,' I answered, 'I assure thee I forgot it not ; indeed I often thought of it -when it seemed to me that the battle of the Pass was turning against us ; but the trumpet is there, and I am still here, though perchance not for long, so why talk of it now 2' ' Ah I' she went on, ' the battle I the battle ! Ah, would that I were once more a queen, if only for one little hour, and I would take such a vengeance on those accursed jackals who deserted me in my need ; those women that it should only be spoken of in whispers ; those pigeon hearted half-breeds who suffered them selves tobe overcome !' andshechoked in her wrath. 'Ay, and that little coward beside thep,' ehe went on, pointing at Alphonse with the bilver spear, whereat he looked very uncomfortable, 'he escaped and betrayed my plans. I tried to make a general of him, telling the soldiers it was Bougwan, and to scourge valour into him' (here Alphonse shivered at some unhappy recollection), 'but it was no use. He hid beneath a banner in my tent and thus overhead my plans. I would that I had slain him, but, alas ! I held my hand.' ' And thou, Macumazahn, I have heard of what thou didst ; thou art a brave man and hast a loyal heart, and the black one too. Ah ! he was a man. I would fain have seen him hurl Nasta from the Stair way.' ' Thou art a strange woman, Sorais,' I said ; ' I pray thee now plead with the Queen Nyleptha, that perchance she may show mercy unto thee.' She laughed out loud. ' I plead for mercy,' she said, and at that moment the queen entered, accompanied by Sir Henry and Good, and took her seat with an im passive face. As for poor Good, he looked intensely Dl at ease. 'Greeting, Sorais,' said Nyleptha, after a short pause. ' Thou hast rent the kingdom like a rag, thou hast put thou sands of my people to the sword, thou hast twice basely plotted to destroy my life by murder, thou hast sworn to slay my lord and bis companions and to hurl me from the Stairway. What hast thou to say why thou should'st not die ? Speak, 0 Sorais !' 'Methinks my sister the queen hath forgotten the chief count of the indict ment,' answered Sorais in her slow musical tones. 'It runs thus — 'Thou didst strive to win the love of my Incubu.' It is for this crime that my sister will slay me, not because* 1 levied war. It is per haps happy for thee, Nyleptha, that I fixed my mind upon his love too late. 'Listen,' she went on, raising her voice, ' I have nought to say save that I would that I had won instead of lost. Do thou with me even as thou wilt, O queen, and let my lord the king there (pointing to Sir Henry), for now will he be king, carry out the sentence, as it is meet he should, for as he is the beginning let him also be the end ;' and she drew herself up and shot fine angry glance at him from her deep fringed eyeB, and then begun to toy with her spear. Sir Henry bent towards Nyleptha and whispered something that I could not catch, and then the queen spoke. 'Sorais, ever have I been a good sister to thee. When our father died, and there was much talk in the land aa to whether thou shouldst sit upon the throne -with me, I being the elder, I gave my voice for thee and said, ' Nay, let her sit. She is twin with me ; we were born at a birth, wherefore should the one be preferred before the other? And so has it been 'twixt thee and me, my sister. But now thou knowest hi what sort bhou hast repaid me, but I have prevailed, and thy life is forfeit, Sorais. And yet art thou my sister, born at a birth with me, and we played together when we were little and loved each other much, and at night we slept In the same cot with our arms each around the other's neck, and therefore even now does my heart go out to thee, Sorais. ' But not f orthat would I spare thy life, for thy offence has been too heavy ; lb doth drag down the wide wings of my mercy even to the ground. Also, whilst then dost live the land will never be at peace. ' Yet shalfa thou not die, Soraia, be cause my dear lord here hath begged thy life of me as a boon, therefore as a boon and aa a marriage gift give I it to him, to do ?with even, as he wills, knowing that though thou dost love M'i he loves thee not, Sorais, for all thy beauty. Nay, though thou art lovely as the night in all her stars, O Lady of the Night, yet is it me his wife whom he loves, and not thee, and therefore do I give thy life to him.' Sorais flushed up to her eyes and said nothing, and I do not think that I ever saw a man look more miserable than did Sir Henry at that moment. Somehow, Nyleptha's way of putting the thing, though true and forcible enough, was not altogether pleasant. 'I understood,' stammered Curtis, looking at Good, ' I understood that you were attached — eh — attached to — to the Queen Sorais, I am — eh — not Ware what the — in short, the state of your feel ings may be just now ; bnt if they happened to be that way inclined it has struck me that — in short, it might put a satisfactory end to an unpleasant business. The lady also has ample private estates, where I am sure she would be at liberty to live un molested as far as we are concerned, eh, Nyleptha ? O course I only suggest.' ' So far as I am concerned,' said Good, coloring up, 'I am quite willing to forget the past ; and if the Lady of the Night thinks me worth having I will marry her to-morrow, or when she likes, and try to make her a good husband.' All eyes were now turned to Sorais, who stood with that same slow smile upon her beautiful face that I had noticed the first time that I ever saw her. She paused a little while, and cleared her throat, and then thrice she curtseyed low, once to Nyleptha, once to Curtis, and once to Good, and began to speak in measured tones. ' I thank thee, most gracious queen and sister, for the loving MndnesB thou hast shown me from my youth up, and especially in that thou hast been pleased to give my person and my fate as a gift to the Lord Incubu — the king that i3 to be. May prosperity, peace, and plenty deck the life path of one so merciful and so tender, even as flowers do. Long may'st thou reign, oh great and glorious queen, and hold thy husband's love in both thy hands, and many be the sons and daughters of thy beauty. And I thank thee, my Lord Incubu — the king that is to be — I thank thee a thousand times in that thou hast been pleased to accept that gracious gift, and to pass it on to thy comrade in arms and in adventure, tbe Lord Bougwan. Surely the act is worthy of thy greatness, my Lord Incubu. And now, lastly, I thank thee also, my Lord Bougwan, who in thy turn has deigned to accept me and my poor beauty. 1 thank thee a thousand times, and I will add that thou art a good and honest man, and I put my hand upon my heart and swear that I would that I could say thee 'yea.' And now that I have rendered thanks to all in turn' — arid again she smiled — 'I will add one short word — 'Little can ye understand of me, Nyleptha and my lords, If ye know not that for me there is no middle path ; that I scorn your pity and hate ye for it ; that I cast off your forgiveness as though it were a serpent's sting ; and that standing here, betrayed, deserted, insulted, and alone, I yet triumph over ye, mock ye, and defy ye, one and all, and thus I answer je ;' and then of a sudden, before anybody guessed what she intended to do, she had driven the little silver spear she carried in her hand into her side with such a strong and steady aim that the keen point projected through her back, and had fallen prone upon the pavement. Nyleptha shrieked, and poor Good almost fainted at the sight ; but as the rest of us rushed towards her, the Sorais of the Night lifted herself upon her hand, and for a moment fixed her glorious eyes intently on Ourtifl's face as though there were some message in the glance, then dropped her head and sighed, and her dark yet splendid spirit passed, who can say where % Poor Sorais ! she was a bad woman, end yet she had her good side, and even her evil-doing was on so grand and reck less a scale that it compelled admiration. If things had gone more happily with her she would, I dare say, have been famous in' the history of her country as a wise and vigorous ruler, but they did not, and her passion made her mad. W ell, they gave her a royal funeral, and there was an end of her. (To be continued.) 