ZABINA ZEMBRA. : i BY WILLIAN BLACK. Author ol " Maclecd of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," &c.; CHAPTER XXX. AN OLD FRIEND. It was about a couple of months after this that Fred Foster was one morning walking in towards the town of Scarborough, carelessly switching at the wayside weeds with his cane, and apparently thinking hard. Indeed, so preoccupied was he that he would probably have allowed a smart little chaise, drawn by a pair of small brown ponies, to have passed unnoticed, had not the solitary occupant of the vehicle pulled np, and rather timidly pronounced his name. She was a woman of about 30, stylishly dressed in a driving-coat of silver-grey plush, and beefeater hat of the same material; and she would have been distinctly good-looking had she only let her face alone. But her desperate efforts to appear ten yearB younger than she really was were somewhat too obvious ; her abundant yellow hair looked bleached; and her lips, that were a trifle thin and hard in expression, owed something, it is to be feared, to artificial aid. And yet, notwithstanding the aggressive character of her thin features and steelv blue eyes, she was now regarding Fred Foster with considerable doubt, as if she was uncertain as to how he would answer her appeal. "Oh, how do you do?" he said, rather coldly. She shifted the whip, and familiarly held out her right hand. " There—let byeones be bygones." " I have no objection," he said, and he stepped forward and took her hand for a moment. " Who could have expected to meet you here? I thought you lived at Doncaster ?" " One word," she interposed. " Have you heard anything about me lately ?" " No ; I haven't been about much," he said evasively. " Then you may as well call me Mrs, Fairservice again, if you don't mind." "What?'' he said. "Yon don't mean that 1 Have you and Bernard" " Oh, don't talk to me about Charlie Bernard," she again interposed, with a scornful little laugh, "I've had enough of Charlie Bernard. I found him out in the end. Why, it you only knew what a hound he is But there, we won't speak about him, You never thought much of him ?" " I had no great reason to think much of him," remarked FoEter, who was too shrewd a man of the world to say anything more definite. He knew that this fair dame had a pretty violent temper; and no doubt there had been a quarrel—which very likely might be patched up again. " And you ?" she said, scanning him from bead to foot with her cold scrutinizing eyes. " You don't seem over, flourishing. 1 heard you had got into Queer-street ?'' "You heard right, then," he answered rather gloomily. " And you, of all men in che world !" she said, with a sardonic little laugh. " £ wonder how you like being hard up. I should be curious to see how you bear it. Somehow I can't imagine your living up a tree. It doesn't seem natural. I suppose you swear a good deal ?" " Oh, I assure you it is not quite a laughing matter," he retorted, a little bit nettled. " No, no. I didn't mean that," she said at once, "Come, tell me what you are doing in Scarborough ?" " I have just been out to Holkley HalL Raby is there just now—you remember Captain Raby ?" " Of course I do." " Well, he's trying to fix things together for me. You may laugh as you like, but liv;::g the life of a badger in a hole is rather moi.otonous. And it wasn't through any fault of mine that I got into this mess, It was Cherryband that broke me—of course you beard of the drugging of Cherryband? Ob, lean tell you, I have had some rare ex periences of humaa nature since then. I never had a high and mighty opinion of my fellow-creatures ; but it was little I knew how mean they could be until I got broke." " Yes, on the turf it is every man for himself and the devil catch the hindmost. And the worst of it is that the devil does catch the hindmost." But she did not seem interested in what she was saying, or iu what he was saying either. As he went on to detail his woes and wrongs she listened in silence, looking at him from time to time as if she was pondering over Eome very different matters. At length she said abruptly— " Will you dine with me to-night He hesitated. " Are you at an hotel ?" " Yes, she said, and she named the hotel. " Do you mean the table d'hOte ?" he asked, with an involuntary look downwards at his attire, which was none of the smartest. She instantly understood his hesitation. " No, we will dine in my sitting-room. Come as you are, of course. At 7, that we may have a good talk afterwards. Is it a bargain?' " Very well—thank you," he said. " Mind, it is Mrs. Fairservice you ask for. Good-by just new." And therewith Bhe touched the ponies and drove on. Towards 7 o'clock that evening he made himself as trim as was possible and went along to the hotel, where he found Mrs. Fairservice, very elegantly attired, and apparently in a merry mood. Glancing at the table, he saw that it was laid for two. " You have no one with you?" he asked. " Oh, dear, no; I think I can take care of myself," she answered, blandly. And they know me at this hotel." She had ordered a neat little dinner for him ; and was evidently well acquainted with men's tastes. The things were all good of their kind, bnt not too numerous ; there was no dawdling over sweets; the wines were excellent; and awaiting him there lay on the mantelpiece half a dozen cigars—not greenygrey, nor foxy-red, nor black with bitterness, nor veined with oil, but (when stripped of their silver-foil and tissue paper) plump, smooth, softly brown Cabanas, with promise of supernal joy. "I can hardly help lauding, 1 ' she said, when together they were seated -at the table, " to think of Master Fred being up a tree. Honestly now, did you ever deny yourself anything!" 'Never when I could get it," he answered, frankly.^ " What is the use ?" You're married, aint you " Yes." " Where's your wife ?" " In Surrey—Witstead—near Epsom." "How does she get on ?" " hat do you mean ?" " \V ho supports her 7 You can't, I know." " Oh, she has money from her father, and from my father too. That is a pretty joke. To spite me, 1 suppose, the old gentleman prefers to pay over my allowance to her. But it's the same thing in the end." " Yes. I should imagine so," she said, drily. ' " What do you think of that Chahlis?" " It is very good iudeed." " They told me it was." " But why don't you take any?' 1 he asked. " Well," she answered, "I have had some vexations to get through lately, and I find thut wine keeps the brain too muuh alive to theee things—especially if you are lviatc awake at nigtot. 1 don't worry so macl^when I keep to water." " Don't you drink wine at all, then ?" " Sometimes I have a little champagne. Here, waiter, open that bottle." " Yes, my lady." "What worries have yon hid f Pred Foster asked—with that masculine ducegard of the presence of servants which womea never a< quire. "I will tell you presently,"said Mrs. Fairservice, with a ditcieet wink. But even when the waiter had gone from the room she seemed to wish to keep away from that topic. Indeed, they bad a greut many things and oersens to talk over, and among them—a tcpic to which M.rs. Fairservice pertinaciously, and Fred Foster most unwillingly, returned—was his wife. " What kind of a woman is she?" his companion asked frankly. " Oh, she's a good enough sort," he answered, with Bome reluctance. "Rather lofty in her notions sometimes for the humble likes of me. Brought up among philanthropic fads, and that kind of thing. Why, I believe, if she had a sixpence to spare, she woul 1 sooner send it to the soup kitchens at Westminster than spend it on her osn child'." "What?" Sirs. Fairservice cried,-with a burst of rather thin-tinbling laughter. " i 7 o i don't mean to say you are a papa?' " Yes, I am " " Well, well, well. Wonders will never cease. To think of Master Fred being a father. You don't look it, somehow. But about your wife—I heard she was the daughter of a swell " 1 don't know what you call a swell," he said, rather sulkily. "She is th« daughter of Sir Anthony Ztmbra, who is the meanest cur in tbe£e three kingdoms. However, I'm going to have all that put to rights as soon ;i3 I can go south. I'm cot going to st i id ir ar.y longer. There's my father, who is a poor man, he pVcs us n-.ore than ZtnAra docs. • But that vri 1 soon be put straigat. R<iby is patching u my affairs. And when I get ' south I'm [ ;>irg to have a little settlement with Sir ALtbony Zembra. I'm not soing to ' support his daughter." j Mrs. Fairservice deliberately put down her ! kufa aud fcik. :S!i " Ycu are not going to support _h's daughter," she slowly repeated. " Weil, yuu are a most delightful wag." But the quick glance of anger that he darted at her showed that she had gone tco ! far—or else that he had drank too much champagne ; so she instantly changed her manner, and began to prophesy smooth things, ind to Eay that Sir Anthony Zembra if approached in the proper way would of course come to the aid of his son-in-law. Dinner over, coffee was brought in; and she herself fetched bim a cigar, which he lie, drawing his chair a little bit back from the table. She went and stood by the fireplace, her back to the empty grate. When the waiter had removed the things, and they were once more left alone, she said— " Now I am going to tell you something. Perhaps you won't be surprised. You say yen have had some experience lately of human nature—meanness and that. Well, so have L What would you say, now, if I told you that it was Charlie Bernard who threw me over ?" There was a curious smile on her lips, somewhat belied by the look in her eyes. "I should say you had had a quarrel," said Foster, prudently, "which you will soon make up again." " There was no quarrel," she said, with an increasing harshness in her voice. "He deliberately threw me over—left me—for some barmaid or other at Chester—going to marry her, I hear ! And I made that man ! What was he five years ago ? You know. Scarce enough to buy himself a toothpick. And there at the Ackworth Bale last week he gave 1,200 guineas for Trigonella and S00 fcr Master of Roy. Two thousand guineas at one sale— how did he come by that, do you think ?" " He has had the devil's own luck." Foster said, pensively. " Everything he has touched haB turned to gold." " And who put him in the way of making a single farthing?" she demanded. "Luck? What is your luck if you've nothing to back it with ? Y'ou knew well enough what I did for that man. Well? Don't you think I take it very quietly ? You used to gird at me because of my temper. Am I in a temper ?" He looked at her. " I don't know," he said. " But if you got a chance of doing Charlie Bernard a mischief, I shouldn't like to be in hisshoes!" " Vitrol-throwing?', she said, with a harsh laugh. * Oh no, I won't spoil his beauty— I'll leave that to the barmaid, and welcome." And then, with a surprising suddenness, Ehe stepped forward to the table, and put her clenched fist on it; and her eyes were sparkling with rage, and her face was thin and hard and white. " No," she said, with a fury that was all the more obvious from her efforts to conceal it, " I won't spoil his beauty, but I'll ruin bim. I tell you I won't rest in my grave until I have ruined that man, I made him ; and I'll break him." " You won't find it easy to get the better of Charlie Bernard," Foster observed. " Bah ! That's all you know," she said contemptuously. " That's all you know. But I understand Charlie Bernard down to his boots ; and I tell yon he's a fool. He thinks he can't go wrong. The luck has been with him so long that his head's turned. And that's where I'll have my gentleman, see if I don't!" She resumed her station by the fireplace. That sharp ebullition of rage over, she strove to appear perfectly calm. But her mouth was cruel. " And how do you propose to get at him ?" Foster asked. "That's my affair," she said, shortly. "But I don't mind telling you that I mean it. I shouldn't mind telling all the world; for I dare say Charlie Bernard himself has a shrewd notion that I will do my little best. And I haven't been in all his stable secrets for over four years for nothing." And then she said, looking hard at him, "Of course I should want somebody to stand in with me. I couldn't appear myself. Charlie Bernard is conceited, but he is waryenough ; and he'll be watching me for many a day to come. No; I must have a trustworthy agent to do the trick fur me ; and if we pulled it off, it would be well worth his while." That she was referring to himself was clear enough. " But I don't quite understand what you are driving at," he Eaid. " Do you mean fair means or foul ?" I didn't know there was any difference on the turf," she said saucily. " Well, I have no reason to be nasty particular," he said, with a laugh. " I don't see why you shouldn't hit back with the same kind of stick that hits you. If nobbling is to be the game, it shouldn't be all on one side. But it's a very dangerous game ; and not often tried nowadays; at least, it doesn't succeed very often. They managed it pretty ' well with Cherryband, though." i "Well, what do you say?" she asked, I abruptly. j " Oli, I'm not in it. You must look out for ' somebody else. I'm broke. Of course you want somebody who can weigh in with coin." She paused for a second or two. "I don't know about that. Of course I should like to have some one go ia equal risks with me, if I was quite Bure that at the last minute he wouldn't play his own game and land me. Besides, I don't know any one I could trust. I could trust you because it would be worth your while." , r Thank you." "Oh, we'd better speak plain. I mean business this time." There was a flash of fire in her eyes. " I tell you if 1 had to sell every stick and stone that I possess—if I had to sell the clothes off my back—I would do it to bring that man to the gutter. And it's there I'll have him, you mark my words. And I'm not in a hurry—no, no—I can wait and watch my chance. I'm not going to spoil it by lushing it. I'm not going to show my baud until I've got the odd trick safe and sure. But then—then I'll let him know. What will he take _ to, do you think ? I should like to Bee him a billiard-marker at Gatti's." She rang the bell. "I beg your pardon—I forgot to ask for liqueurs." " I .could rather have a brandy-and-soda," he said. " Very well," ehe said, and that was ordered. ; I ' ; : Then she went over and sate down by the table. In her eagerness she seemed to take it for granted that Foster was willing to become her ally. "Do you know Joe Cantly she said, when the waiter href jught in the brandyand-soda, and gone away ag n, " Only to sneak to." " If we could only make sure of Joe Cantly the whole thing would be as simple as possible. Bernard and he are hand and glove in everything. But he would be a difficult customer to get at. He prides himself on his piofessional honour!" "',Vhat v ' Foster exclaimed. "Why, they declare he roped Redhamptun at Liverpcol." " It's a lie,'" she said bluntly. " I was there. He no more pulled that horse than 1 did. All the Etable were backing him, Cantly as well. No,.I believe Joe Cantly his so far ridaen as fair and square as auy jock th.it ever brt-athed." "Every man has his price," Fost;r s-iiJ, as he went to the mantelpiece for anot'ier ci^ar. I *• Yes, but I imagine Joe Cantly's price ia 1I!I rather beyond me. There might be other means," she added musingly. Foster looked up: but neither spoke nor smiled. What he said to himself, however, was—"Dees this woman really thftik she has youth and beauty enough to icflime the j heart of that little shred of ajock '!" "Gratitude doesn't count, I suppose," she continued, "And yet he ought to be grateful to me. Vv i.y, he was only a stable lad when 1 went fiist to Doncaster. It was I wfco got _ the General to give him his first mount, because 1 1, liktd the look of the boy. I wish I could havi ve an hour's talk with him, just - - ^ to ste whether his devotion to my dear Iriend Chaihe Btriiard is ot au unusual kind !" And then she sai J, " Well, are you ^oingto stand ia <vith me?" " I should like to know more diotinctly hat you're fcimicg at," he eaid. " Do you expect I can put it all down' on papti at a moment's notice?' ehe retorted. WUi, yes, I could. I'm aiming at the rain of Mr. Lharles Bern3id ; that's ubont it; and it's got to be done, if a woman can do it. You mean the way of doing it? Well, that wants time. But I know this, that it is bad luck that makes most men reckless, but it is good luck that makes Bernard reckless. He'll back his fancy through thick and thin ; no hedging for him; no, no; my gentleman knows a horse when he sees one. The sporting papers have turned hie head, that's the fact. He thinks he is bound to be right. And he is cocceited ; and knows tnat bi^ figures make the stableboys gape. There's but the one end for a man like that—when it is properly prepared for him. Now, do you • understand'!" : " It has been corcy' he sa: nhsently. ' " When do jou L;O up to tusvu't' Tii-s startled him out of t>is r-veria. "I don't know quite. I went out to 5see i Raby this moruirg. Hs has fcesti trying t> Equate thir.KS a little for me—aad I.-sere's a • yotiLL' fellow called RuBSoli who has turned ' cut a bit oi a trump'' I "I ?m goirijs back to Dcncasttr tomorrow," ff)e said. "And iu uhout three ; ' \setks' citne I expect to be in Lo'jdun. 1£ I you are there then, call on ma at the ISorlheru j Counties Hotel, Jeruiin street, i'ou won't ; forget the auur<.s= ':' j He x tcciliea it down in his memorandumbcck. j j " i'here arc Ffir.c writs cut against m?, that's the fac*. : ; . saiil. '"Aud people are |; j I ; so unreasonable. Vi ccuree you can't give tl eCi n'.uney if you haven't got it; all the siimu- Ofciits and county Courts and writs in the woild wen't create money where itdaesu't happtn to be." "Ah, wtlJ, of course," said Mrs. Fairstrvice, who was a business-like woman, "if you are in so bad a hule as that, it you cant get about, it's hardiy worth w'i tie talking about that little scheme. But you say things may mend. Well, come an- see me in Jermyn-street if they do. 1 i ly base something to tell you by that tir —something to your advantage, as the : ivertUerrents say. You look as if you v, nted it, den'r yon Master Fred ?" Presently he rose to go; and she Insisted on his putting the remaining ciga s in his pocket. On the top of the stair.ai as she bade him good-by, she said. " Jermjn-street then. Aurevoir.' CHAPTER XXXL A THREAT. One morning Sabina was seated z. me and at work—painting some flowers on a terracotta vase. She earned a little that way now, thanks to Janie's intercession with the manager of a well-known firm in Oxford- Etreet. It was but a small addition to her income ; yet it was something ; and she considered it as peculiarly her own; and made no scruple about devoting it entirely to the comfoi t and welfare and amusement of her boy. As for ;her other money, every farthing that she could save by the exercise of the most rigid and constant economy, was claimed by Foster, whose demands were becoming more and more peremptory and extortionate. Not only that, but he had begun once more to insist on her going to her father, to obtain some more suitable provision ; and plainly he warned her that, as soon as be was come south again, he would see that the present condition of affairs should be brought to an end, Sabina tore up those letters with a sigh. She knew that appealing to her father would be of no avail. And even if their income were to be doubled or trebled, what hope was there that Foster would change his mode of life ? Indeed she tried hard not to think of these things; and kept herself busily occupied in tending the child, and looking after the house, and filling up every spare moment with this terracotta painting. But there was a shadow ever present on her brow; and her manner was grave; and ehe was a good deal paler than the Sabina of old. It was only when her boy stretched out his arms towards her that a soft lustre of happiness shone in the mild, beautiful eyes. She was seated at the table in her small parlour when she heard a slight tapping at the door. " Come in!" " A gentleman to see you, ma'am," Eaid the little maidservant, and therewith Captain Raby stepped into the room. She had been so much engaged with her work that she had not heard him open the front gate, and now she was so surprised by his unexpected appearance — having some swift momentary recollection of the way she bad received him on a former visit—that when he said, "I have brought you some news of your husband, Mrs. Foster," she involuntarily asked him to be seated. He took a chair, put his hat on the floor beBide him, and began to pull off his gloves. " Ves—I—I happened to be in the neighbourhood," he began, and he had evidently forgiven her curtness on that former occasion, for he strove to be most amiable in manner, "and 1 saw Fred last week—the week before it was, nearly—and I thought I might as well drop in and let you know how he was getting along. Not'very well at this moment, I am afraid, though there is something of a prospect for him ; indeed, I have a little commission on that subject from our mutual friend Mr. Russell, whom you may remember, perhaps." She pauBed for a second—she did not answer. " No, as I say. I den't think Fred Foster could be in a worse plight than he is just now. You see, he always was such a headstrong fellow. When things went wrong with him, nothing would do but that he must force them right; now you can't force things right if lack is against you." "Have you any particular news of my husband ?" she interposed, somewhat coldly. "Nothing very satisfactory, nothing that you would much care to hear, perhaps," he answered, as he quietly twisted his moustache, and regarded her. Then he added, with an ironical smile :—" Of course there are compensating circumstances in every lot, and Foster has at least hit upon one old acquaintance of his—an old flame of his if I mistake not—a Mrs. Fairservice, who is pretty well off. But she is a very shrewd woman, is Polly Fairservice, and sharp; I don't think she would be inclined tc help him, unless she saw it to be to her own advantage." Sabina's pale face flushed slightly. " Is that what you came to ttll me, Captain Raby ?" she asked. " Oh, dear, no," he rmswered, blandly, " I only came to consult y^u as a friend. I wish I could make you believe that. But the last time I called on you ycu seemed to think it a vc-i-y unwarrantable intrusion. Why? I ofl'tr you my services—in any way you choose to command them." " I have no need of them," she said stiffly. " But you might have need of them." " Will you tell me briefly why you are here ?" " Yes, I will. I have come in your own interests. I have come to consult your wishes. Believe it or not, I am come as your friend—why, how otherwise should I come ? Why should I bother myself about Fred Foster's affairs except for your sake ? I think you might recognise that a little. Well, now, I want to know what you want done. Practically, Foster has deserted you " " I beg your pardon, he has done nothing of the sort; and I will not stay to hear my husband's actions discussed in any way whatsoever," Sabina said ; and she Dushed away her painting materials, as if on the least provocation she meant to leave the rcom. " V ery well; but the fact remains," he said quietly. " Now, this is a very miserable life you are leading—alone, away from your friends, with no amusement, with no one to protect you " ) I ] I | I | j ' :!; ! .: i ;j; | ! ' " That at least is true," she e&id; He continued without heeding the interruption—" And, as far as 1 can guess, supporting a worthless fellow, W.LO never could earn his own living, and who never will " " Captain Kaby, you coam here as a friend ' " <Jf yours," he interposed. " One moment. I ask ycu to listen to what I have got to say. it rests with me to decide whether youc husband is to come back here or not." bhe stared at him in astonishment. " Yts, jou are surprised, naturally; but such is the case," he conttuued. " footer's sflairs are in such a precious muddle that he dare not Ehow himstlf iu any of hia old hauntE. Very well. There is only one man in the country who is fool enough to think of helping him out of the h^le—and that is Johnny Itusseil; and Russell (rill act on my advice. Suppose I say fyes; and get souie money tiom Jack Russell; ana square certain people, and pa'-ily oU.tre, so that Foster may letniii to London , .t-m come here also, what aie yoa to txi^i i.iu you think he will ever be other th - i e is'! Would you like to lifcve him back V u ould it be to your gain, do you think? You see now that it is as a friend I have con;., to you—to sonBult your iuteieste, and youi d alone." He spoke rapidl> and plausibly; and she vras a little bewildered, " But— but—in any case be must be coming bark here," she stammered. He smiled. "Without Jack Russell's help, I think it will be a veiy long time indeed before Master Fred will show his face on any racecourse in Krgland." ''But here—to bis own house !" she said. " The writers would be after him like a pack of wolves. No ; you may rest assured, uear Mis. foster, that we can keep your husband from worrying you, if you wish it. If j you will only look at your position in a seusibie way ; look at it as any woman of the j j world would look at it; consider what your 1 life is likely to be if Foster come back penniless and desperate; then, I think you will j take the obviously prudent decision of leaving him where he is. Why, the whole situ tion is abcitrd. A beaut it ut woman like yon ! —and living in a place like this; the two things are not compatible." * j j Sabina rose—her lips very pale—and she grasped the back of the chair with her " I don't know—I don't know whetner you n;eau to insult me, Captain Ribv" i insult you '. Is it an inault to c≪ a weman beautiful ? Then your g' o ss must insult jou every minute in the ca;JJ " But 1 musr ask you to go. x ao not wish to have n.v husband s aflairs. or mine, iuttiitri-d with L)j any third person—least of all Iv JC-U." •• I </,'•_ _s Uh, but real'y, now " "barely, tuieiy, ' she Eaid witU luaignatkn in her \oice, you will go when I ask ji-c. You j u-Jifcs to beagtbtiercau." "Of cGime, 1 obty you," he said as he slowly tc i i: • Lis hat aud wtni to the door. But ph tee it member it it for YOU to decide, arc ; ycu may change your mind." \\\ hen hchad gone the sro'-d for a second irresolute—lor mere was sliil pride and inconation in the linn-set lines ot her mouth ; but the next mccntnt her lips began to quiver a little, ind presently she Bank down into her cl;air a^aiu, and bent forward her head betncen her two arms outstretched on tue table, and was crjing and sobbiDg like a child. For the had betn much alone of late, and somehow tad fallen away from the high courage of the SuLica of old ; now and again a kind of despair would Eeize her, aud the could have v. ithed to have done with this world and its v. ays altogether—if only her child weie asleep by her side. .but it captain Raby imagined that, by simply doing nothing, he could keep Fred Foster in banishment in the north, he was mistaken. Ou te unexpectedly one evening tester made uis appearance at Wayside Cottage. •' Why do you stare ?'' he said, sulkily, to Sabina. " 1 am not a ghost. X want something to drink." He looked travel-stained and tired; and his bcots were dusty. " I am airaid thut is nothing in the house," she Eaid. "Nothing?" " We never use anything of the kiud ; the gill has beer-money instead of beer ; so we nave no need for it" " Well, then, send to the Chequers—it will be open yet. Whisky, gin, any poison they have. Why don't you keep decent spirits in the house ? Saving, I suppose—cheeseparing —as if that was any goodT Well, there's got to be an end of that now. Ihe lurching system has got to be abolished." She went to give instructions to the maidservant. When she came back be said— " I Euppose you haven't bten to your father?" " No, Fred, 1" " I thought not Well, I have come here to see that you do go, and that you make ycur going worth while. There's to be no nonsense this time, ,1 can tell you ; it isn't_a time for nnntPHW'." J | 'u • .i'gp"- S:' H I M "I am quite sure, Fred," she pleaded, "that it won't be of the slightest use." " You've got to make it be of use," he replied. " I must have £200 within the nex; three weeks ; and that only as a beginning." " You know it is impossible," she exclaimed. " I know nothing of the kind. But I do know that it depends on you, if only you will put your fine feelings in your pocket."* " What can I do, Fred? What am I to say ?" she asked, in a kind of bewilderment. " The first thing you can do," he said, coolly and methodically, " is to sit down and write a letter to my father, asking him for £i0. If you pitch the appeal strong enough you will get it easily. Very well. 1 can put my hande on the remaining hundred and fifty as soon as I can show a reasonable prospect of paying it back by instalments; and it is for your father to provide that by doubling ycur allowance. That is clear enough, isn't it?" " And even if you were to get the money, Fred?" " Well ?" he said—for she had hesitated. " Would things be auy better ?" "I don't know what you mean," he said, roughly. " Sentiment, I suppose. Well, it isn't a time for sentiment with me, I can tell you. And when there is a chance of my pulling through, I'm not going to lose it without a fight. It's you that have got to provide the means. Ana that money I'm going to have." " But why should you threaten, Fred ?"' she remonstrated—for his attitude towards her was quite menacing. " If I can get the money for you, you know I will. Don't I give you every farthing I can ?" * • itSa " Oh, these paltry pittances are no good. I tell you this is a serious matter. It's my last chance. And if I miss it, then I'm off to America or Australia, and that's the last you'll see of me." Here the girl came back from the Chequers, and Foster, having mixed himself Bome drink, lit his pipe. "But I hope to get even with Raby before that," he said, moodily. " What has he been doing ?" she asked. " Oh, only like the rest! It's wonderful how you find out what human nature is when you're down on your luck. Quite useful it is, gives you such an insight. Here was Raby professing to be great friends with me, offering to go up to London to square up matters for me, pretending he had begged Johnny BusBell to give me a hand. Why it was by the merest accident I met Russell. Well, I will say, he is a good fellow, if he wasn't such a'fool. And then he tells me that Raby had refused to take the trouble, and was so kind as to say that the country air was better for me than coming to town. But I'll be even with him yet." t " I suppose you know Captain Raby came down here V" Bhe asked. He looked up angrily and suspiciously, " What was he down here for ?" " He professed to be anxious to serve you." " By coming down here ? Then I will tell you the less jou have to say to Raby the better." " 1 do not wish to have anything to say to him," she answered, calmly; "and I do not think he is likely to come here again," The little maidservant now brought in supper, but he could not be persuaded to have any. Perhaps the simple repast of cold beef, bread, lettuce, and water did not look very tempting. Sabina sat down to the table by herself. " You've never once asked about the boy, Fred," she said, reproachfully. " Oh, I suppose he's all right," he said, with some impatience, " If he hadn't been I should have heard soon enough I dare say. You know when I see you sitting down to a supper like that it looks ridiculous, and it is ridiculous. It is perfectly absurd. No one would believe it. Of course my father isn't as rich as your father, still between them we should be living in a perfectly different way. Mater! 'Drops of crystal water.' Not a glass of sherry in the house. Whv, what do you suppose your people are doing at home just now ? Your father at the head of a big dinner table, all the men smoking and passing the wine, the women gone up to the drawing-room, and thinking it about time to get ready to go down to the reception at the Foreign Office. That's living. And you are of the same family ! Cold beef and lettuce ! You know, it's perfectly absurd 1" " But we had plenty to live npon, Fred, when we married," she ventured to remonstrate. " Surely in a moderate way we had abundance of everything we coaldjwant." " Yes, because I had a good turn of luck then," he retorted. " It was all very well then, and you were satisfied. But now, when the luck's against me, now you complain." She glanced at him for a moment. I i I ; j i " I don't think," she said, slowly, " I don't think you ought to pay that of me, Fred." " Oh, there are different ways of complaining ; it isn't all done by talking. However, that's neither here nor there. That's not what I'm come about here to-night. I'm going to have one more try for it before I skip across the seas, and you've got to help me." " When she had finished supper, and the little girl had come in to clear the table, he Baid to her— " Now, the best thing you can do is to sit down and write tba* letter to my father, then I will look at it and see if it will do." She hesitated for a second or two._ " Fred, don't think me unwilling to do aryching 1 can for you. But—but 1 would rather go to my own father than write to yours for money!" " You've got to do both, and that's the fact," he said, bluntly. " This is not a time for half measures." She went rather sadly to her desk. " I must see what he says in his last letter," she said. "He is more anxious than ever that I should go aud live with him at Missenden." " Yes, I dare say," Foster remarked. "Very likely. But we're not going iato the catacombs just yet." She sat down at the little table, "What shall I say?" "Don't you know yourself? Better not tell him I am here, anyway. Can't you ask for it on account of the boy?—that would fetch him. Or you can blame me for it—th*t will fetch him, too; say I left some bills uapaid—that is true enough; and the people ate worrying for their money, which is also aB true as the gospel. Anyhow, pitch it Str- . it is impossible to describe the humiliation with which Sabina set about writing this letter, but Ehe wrote it nevertheless; and although on looking it over, be grumbled that the appeal was not made sufficiently plaintive, j he at length forbore to urge her further, and she was allowed to put the letter in an envelope, to be poeted as soon as possible. But the next morning his manner towards ' her was of a much more peremptory cast; for he had now to give her instructions . about the mission to her own father ; aud that was of a far more serious nature than the mere borrowing of a temporary fifty pounds. | " You understand me," he said, as ho was preparing to leave, " that 1 make you distinctly responsible fcr whatever may happen. It's absurd to imagine that a dSu^hter can't get her father to be a little bit generous to her, if she goes about it the riaht way. Of | course, if you stand on your dignity, so will he. If ycu give yourself airs he wiil be glad | of it—it will be an excuse for liia saying no, • and he will Eavp the mcncy. And mind you ; leave me out of it. Tell him anything you | like abou; nc—tell him I'm ia a cancer hoa- j pital, or in America, or in Van Diemen's | Lsr.d, anywhere where hi3 money ia not' . likely to be ot scrvicc to me. It's for you j and the boy. Ard considering the circum- ; stances, be might be willing lo plank down ' a gocd round sum to begiu with. E/erythiag i M ill depend en how you do it" "Fred, I will do my best," she pleaded, i "butdon't be uisappaintc-d it he refuses. Is j there no other way J T OU can save yourself ? It i Ecems so terrible to have ev.-rything de- j pending on the oce chance." i '•There is no other way, I tell you," he J said, angrily. "And of course if you go ' shrinking and cowering a.-.d assured of failure, you will fail. Very -veil; I tell you I will hold you responsible for what happens. But whatever doeE happen y<ju might be quite certain of one thing ; if I am forced to leave the country, if I have to spend the rest of my days iu Auttralii, I mean to take the bay with me when I to. So you just remember that." It was little he knew of the effect that these last words had npon Sabina; for he uttered them at the open door, and without turning to look round, he walked down to the little gate, and was gone. 