? ♦ PEELErS SPECULATIONS. (Br. M, DekseLj in Harper's Young People,] Paet I. ?Abe beginning ot it all was wnen Uatmer Giddinga gave Parley Paine a rooster, a hen, and their youthful daughter a lank, long legged, half-grown chicken. ' Being as it's the twenty-second of February, you might call 'em Gsorge awl Martha Wash ington and the Hatchet,' suggested Mr. GBdings. Perley accepted the gift with mingled grati tude and disapproval. He sat eyeing the scrawny group gloomily, until the ttatcnet lurched suddenly forward to catch a belated winter fly; upon which George gave vent -to a melancholy crow, and Martha cackled hoarsely. Perley's face brightened. 'I'll make some thing out of you yet, you wretched skeletons,' said he, with energy. And indeed, in less than a month, plenty of corn and grain and Indian meal had wrought a miracle. George became plump and shining ; his wattles waxed fierce and red. The Hatchet grew fat and spry. As for Martha, ehe began to lay eggs at a famous rate. One— two— ers— ten; I declare there are a dozen eggs,' counted Perley. 'Now we'll begin business.' So early the next morning he appeared at Squire Alien's door. 'I thought, Mrs. Allen,' began Perley, when that rosy, happy- faced lady came to greet him— 'I thought maybe you'd buy eggs of me this spring. EggBare twenty-five cents a dozen at the stores; but I like to go on another— basis. Suppose I bring you at least a dozen eggs every other Saturday. If I bricg them promptly, you give me thirty cents; if my ben doesn't come np to time, why, you only give me twenty cents a dozen. Maybe 111 make five cents and you'll lose; maybe you'll make and I'll lose. Speculation, you see. Cant we trade ?' Mrs. ATI an, being very obliging, and also fond of her lively young neighbor, 'traded.' For two months she bought Perley's eggs, and the balance was nearly even. Martha was diligent and attentive to her business ; so if she fell short one fortnight, she amply made tip in the next. If Perley came crestfallen with only six eggs on one Saturday, he was sure to appear with a dozen and a half before long. Trade flourished and decreased, and Perley was either jubilant or in trouble. Still, it was exciting. More so, he was sure— yes, far more interesting than to sell his eggs at the regular market value, and run no risks. 'Begin with eggs, and with railroads and bank stock,' mused Perley. 'Speculation's the business for me.' But suddenly a dire calamity befell. Night after night there was confusion in the hen house ; a hubbub ; evidently a battle ; for more than onee Perley found broken eggs and scattered feathers. Who or what was the enemy? In vain Perley tried to discover. The affair became very serions. Trade languished wofully by reason of those broken eggs, At last, one moonlight evening, while Perley was on tbe watch, a pretty blackand white creature was seen creeping slyly along. At first Perley thought it a kitten, but a strong odor came, wafted on the breeze. 'If it were only a fox or a weasel,' groaned Beriey ;' but to be robbed by a—' Perley set a trap. The shrewdest sinner of the genus mephitis walked round it and over it but never info it. Perley tried poison. The wily thief sniffed at it, and broke two extra eggs to pay for the insult, while— oh, misery ! — George was found next morning stiff and stark, having pecked at tbe strychnine and given np the ghost. In rage and despait Perley caught the afflicted Martha under one asm, tucked Hatchet under the other, and marched to Mrs. Alien. ' It's no use,' said he bitterly. ' You must raise your own eggs, ma'am. If you'll give me a dollar and a half you csn have both these fowls.' Mrs. Allen had the softest heart in the world, so the money was placed 'in Parley's band. He was walking slowly horns there with, and thinking how he should miss the fun of ' trade,' especially now when his gains were growing faster than his losses, when he met Billy O'Grafierty coming round a corner nibbling a pea-nut. Now Perley had a speaking acquaintance with Master O'Grafferty, as opposing generals may recognise and respect one another for mutual courage and prowess. Billy was the leader of the Irish gentry of O'Grafierty Court, between whom and the High-School boys was a good-natured but perpetual warfare. Perley was the up-town captain, and many were tha hand- to-hand tussles he had had with the hard fisted Billy. But as they were equal in point of bruises and valor Perley could afford a gracious 'How are you?' and Billy was prompt with his equally condescending Hollo, have a pay-nut ?' 'Where did yon get them?' asked Perley, teeing that Billy's pockets were full to over flowing. ' Captain Byles's ship's in. Down to Emery's w'arf. He's got a bag o' outs. Giving of 'em away, he is,' Perley's mind made a quick jump this way and that way, and he was rushing toward Emery'swharf. What could be the MCrtt which Perley was pouring into Captain By lea s ear, and which made the jolly captain threw back his head and roar with merriment? . Then Perley would catch the captain'* vest button and eagerly whisper something more, and again the wharf would fairly ring with peals of laughter. ' I shall doublemy capital in no time, 'ended Perley. ' Come now, captain.' ' Bless my soul 1' shouted the captain, ' 'Doable my capital I' Well, you be a sharp youngster. Kot another nut shall you boys have. Off with you. Trade's the word— specu- lation's the idea. Ha ! ah 1 ha-a a 1' There was more mystery yet ; there was a canvas bag, there wm a rattling of nuts, there was a slipping of three 60-cent pieces into Captain Byles's pocket, there was a hurried 'Good luck to you '.' and Perley was running off aB fast as he bad come, leaving the captain to rub his hands and chuckle. 'Sharp little chap* H*!ha!ha-a-a!' The very next day, as dusk came on, Mrs, Paine was coming home laden with bundles from a shopping expedition, when the flare of an oil torch met her eyes. 'Peanuts ! fresh, hot peanuts !' The TOicesounded familiar, and what should meet her bewildered gaze but the face and form of her own son behind a shabby deal table at tbe corner of the street, There he stood, in shrill accents exhorting the passers to ' Buy my pea-nuts !— 10 cents a qu-a-art !' 'Perley Paine, what are yon doing?1' Perley started, blushed, hesitated. 'Why, selling peanuts, mother. I bought them cheap. (Excuse me. Peanuts, did you say, sonny? One pint? Five cents. Call again.) Captain Bylea sold me 50 quarts for 1 dollar 50. I sell them at— (Oh, Judge Western ! Two quarts? Yes, sir; thank you. Trade is brisk)— at 10 cents a quart, mother. I'd gain 3 dollars and a half if I didn't have to pay Billy O'Grafferty SO cents for roasting them in his oven and tending shop. Usually I don't sell ; I only keep the books. To-night Billy has the toothache, so I take 10 cents off nis regular pay for absence. He cays it's mean; I say it's busi ness. The whole affair's a speculation, mother ; for if the regular pea- nut man on Congress street finds me out hell lower his price, and that's the end of me.' Mrs. Paine walked slowly home, Bhaking her head. ShouldsheBtopPetley'awildacheme? Bat she was a wise woman. ' The boy must learn by experience, and he's hia father's son. Ill trust him.' So she only kept her eyes wide open, but said no word J even when at the end of a week, Perley came home with a severe cold and aching throat. 'Bat it's worth it, mother,' he cried tri umphantly. 'I've cleared two dollars and ninety cents. That's nearly as much as I hoped. The regular pea-nut man got wind of it, and the hoys came fo jeer over me, but I snapped my fingers at them and showed them ttiyempty bag.' He bore the discomfort of his sore throat bravely, and said not. a word of complaint when a whole night he lay awake feverish and ill. Bat a hotter fever than any mere cold could bring was in Perley's veins— the fever which has consumed many an older and wiser person. His mother was somewhat amazed when, a few days later, as the ladies of the church ' guild ' were planning for a little sale, Perley drew heron one side and whispered, 'Persuade them to have it in Fluent HalL won't you V ' But why in Fluent Hall ?' ' If s *-8puulatim,' answered Perley. ' I knew people would be having fairs and sociables, so Mr. Fluent and I are in partner ship, mother. I'll let that hall to you for ten dollars, xnotfeer! Ah, now do say 'yes.' ' Mrs. Paine looked troubled, but her boy's face waa so eager that she only said, aloud this time, 'You are your father's son, Perley; remember that I shall trust you.' Perley had gone to Mr- Fluent with a small greenbank-bookinhishand. Saidhe, 'Myuncle John put one hundred dollars in the bank for me. He told me the day might come when a hundred dollars would do me a deal of good. The day has coma. Will you xent your hall to me foe. that sum, if I take it for four months ? You can hold the book, Mr, Fluent.' Bat Mr. i'luent could drive a bargain as well as his questioner. 'Call it a hundred and twenty, and give me twenty dollars down in cash, and you shall have the hall,' said he. Twenty dollars down ? Where could Perley raise twenty dollars? But the very idea of dealing no longer in pennies, nor even in five dollar schemes, ibut actually Jn the twenties, even in a hundred dollars, fired Perley's im agination. So he made a certain -journey to Fore street, bat never a word did he breathe at home in regard to his pretty silver watch, which he -had left in the dirty hands of Isaac Schryrer, the pawnbroker. But ebon another worry swallowed up the fear that his mother should, notice the watch's absence, and enquire its whereabouts. fluent Hall must be rented at least twelve times to give him back hie money. It would be a sorry day if he ever had to draw his hundred dollars out of the bank. One would think that he would have accepted Mb uncle John's offer of twenty dollars for taking charge of his furnace this coming whiter ; but Perley bad loftier BChemea than mere drudgery. In tbe first place ho was b&\ of a plan for two 'exhibitioDB.'' Kbt.that he himself meant to take part, but if he could persuade his class mates to act a couple of plays and raise money for a new piano, what paee bo well adapted for the performance as fluent Hall? He could be his own door-keeper, and so, first and foremost, secure each night his own ten dollars. One morning in November Mrs. Paine won dered at seeing a bevy of boys perching on her fence and clustering round her door- steps. She recognised Master O'Grafferty and several of his cronies among the number. 'Fifteen cents apiece, and mind you're on band bright and early,' she heard Perley say. All the lads sang out, 'Ay! ay!' while Billy added, 'Well lave the fightin'fora more convaynient -e'&eon;, Perley. Can't be a hittin' of the boss, ye know.' Mrs. Paine raised her eyebrows enquiringly as Perley came into the room, and that worthy replied, with a nod— 'Speculation, mother. Eight gentlemen have promised me the shovelling of the snow from their sidewalks for the season. Six dollars apiece.' 'But you can't shovel eight sidewalks in season after every storm,' 'Of course I can't, sweet mamma. Thaf s the very point. Didn't you hear Billy call ma the boss ? Those eight chape are my — menials. I pay them .fifteen cents apiece for every job. If it's an open winter I make money. If the enow comes often, so much the worse for me.' 'Oh, Perley! Perley!' cried his mother; 'the rusk ? ' 'It's the risk that's the very Tnarrcfw of it all,' cried Ferley; and off he went to argue with Harvey Danforth, and persuade bim to take part in the exhibition which the school bays and girls had consented to give. It would be most trying if Harvey refused to act, for the Danforths were leading members of the Unitarian Society, who were to give ft series of coffee parties. If Harvey consented to speak 'Spartacus to the Roman Envoys,' Harvey's grown-up sister would come to rehearsal, rfhe would thus see what a capital place Fleunt Hall would be for coffee parties. You perceive that there were wheels within wheels in the ma chinery which Eerley was trying to manage. Alas! these same wheels refused to work smoothly. When Perley came home that evening bis face was as black as a thunder cloud. Most unfortunately hia plans regard ing the coffee parties had leaked out, and Harvey Danforth had turned upon him like ft flash. ' So that's the reason you've been wheedling me to do ' Sparticus,' and makingbelieve I was a second Booth. I'd be ashamed to pull wires in that fashion. They're going to have their . coffee parties in parlors, so you needn't hang round me with your soft speeches.' : Every one knew that Harvey Danforth was an ill- natured boy; but none the less Perley was nearly beside himself at the insult, and his temper was perhaps hardly soothed by finding, when be awoke the next morning, that the air was thick with snow-flakes. (To be continued.) 