THE a HOST. About tho year 1850 I was on one of our English India ships Ivoumt from Boston to Calcutta. "We arrived oil tho Capo of Good Hope with fair weather to that point, but every one was on the? lookout now for a blow from some quarter. The previous evening one of the lookouts during the midwatch hud insisted he Imcl seen the 4 Flying Dutchman/ and every ono knows that when that is tho ease a blow or bad weather in some shape is sure to come. And come it did with a vengeance, for the very next night the wind died down to a calm, then suddenly jumped out from the norhvesthutt-eud lirst. Six of the old tars went tumbling lip the weather tnaiu rigging, and were urged on by the gruff voice of the second mate, a thorough old sea-dog, who sang out, ' Come, hear a hand them, you lubbers, and get on deck again!' And on deck they were again sooner than lie or the men expected ; for just as they showed their heads over the 4 top' n deep sepulchral voice called out, 4 Blows hard, Jack I' They were staggered, and for an instant hesitated, when again the fearful voice repeated, 1 Blows hard, Jack !' That was cnoiurh : they superstitious fears overcame thoni, and they did not stop till deck was reached. By this time the Captain and mate were on deck, and were astonished to see six of the best men nu the ship ennm tumbling down, while the nmiii-top-gailaiit sail and royal were slatting in tho huntliues as though they would blow away at every Hap. 4 What's the matter? Why didn't you furl those sails?' said the Captain. 4 Hatter enough,' snid an old salt. 4 You don'tgetino in that main-top to-night. 1 wouldn't give much for anyone who goes up, either, for T not only saw the ghost, or what ever it is, hut heard him talk.' This was too much for the old skipper. The idea of losing all his sails because there was u ghost in the main-top was too much for him, so he called for volunteers, and started up the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Not another man would go. those who hud been up had seen and heard enough, and those who hadn't did not care to risk it. Well, the old skipper and his mutes fared no better than the men, for hardly had fheii heads reached over the 4 top rim 'than, in the funic awful, blood- curdling tones, came to their ears the wards, 4 i»lo\vs hard, .Jack 1 and there, right in the 4 diiMins 'of the mast, the Captain caught sight of t wo glaring eyes, and a long white arm reached down as if to clutch liiin, and down tliey all .scampered to the deck as fast us their legs would taketlicm. About daylight the steward discovered that a pet parrot belonging to the skipper had escaiKsi from his cage, probably blown overboard and lost in the gale. Holly had, however, hy hard work, managed to alight in the main-top, where she had stowed herself in the 4 dublins ' of the mast, and was holding on for dear lite until she was rescued in the morning. The nmiii-top-gullnut studding-sale was lashed in the weather top-mast rigging, and the clew hud blown adrift, and hap; fined to Hop down at the Captain as la? went over the 4 top' in the black darkness, and so was easily magnified into a ghostly arm, and Polly into the frightful ghost. 