Theatrical Slang. . To a large extent theatrical slang is ," matter of abbreviation. The "Profession" no seldom usea whole word when part will do en ma well; and they begin by cslling them selves "pros." A theatrical notice in the newspapers is not a "paragraph," but a "par. "Biz" is "business," but there are two kinds of it-" good biz" means full "houses;" when "biz" is bad the treasury is empty, and "the ghost walks." The actor's "biz," however, is quite a different th thing, and so important that it is often given its unabbreviated name of ' business." It includes all the player's by-play. Ham.n let's trifling with Ophelia's fan in the play t scene, the clown's manipulation of the poker, the funny man's antics with the whisky bottle, Dundreary's hop, are all the specialco '" business "of the gentleman who plays the part, The "business" is often not in the " book." It is frequently introduced by the creator of a part, tradition handing it down from generation to generation. " Business " in old plays has been traced back to before the days of Garrick; indeed, the creators of some of the Shakesperean characters are still, it is believed, followed in their readings by S, the old school of actors. Cowley and Kempe, it for instance, are responsible for the "busi. nes " of Dogberry and Verges; and the at waistcoats of the rast gravediggerin "Ham let" are as old as the 17th century. "His tv original character" is a line the actor likes to be able to add to his name in the play- pl bill. It really means that the "original business" of the part is his. When one t character's business is so great as to be the chief feature of the play, the piece is called after him. Thus, the popular farce "Turn th Him Oat" is "Nobb's Piece." "Business in this sense was in use in theatrical circles 130 years ago; and long before, maybe. The classification of players according to their line of business is little thought of now a-days. Until lately, however, it was very arbitrary. The " heavy man" was he who played such parts as Hamlet's uncle, lago, ol the "tiger" in the "Ticket-of-Leave Man." at Cassio was "walking gentleman;" the o' "utility man" was he who made himself im useful; the "low comedian" could not poach pc on the preserves of the "light comedian;" there were " old women " (first and second), "singing chambermaids," "leading javen- th iles" and "boys." These terms are still-in daily use, but long "runs " will be the death of them. An actor is chosen nowadays to fill one part, when formerly he played a hundred parts in a season. The manager of a "stock company" was always careful to have his "heavy man," "chambermaid," &c.;, qi and his "scorer" of plays-that is to say, y, his lists of dramatis personae in the pieces he y had down for production had opposite each name, in pencil.marks, the technical term for the man who would play it. Instead of r "Hamlet-Ir. So and-So," the score read a "Hamlet-leading jvenile." Old- fashioned tl managers and play-wrights still have this custom. The term "run" was used above. 1 Fielding as in the same sense. . When the player is in the provinces he is a " on the road "-the phrase obviously a relic of the times when actors played in barns and t journeyed from town to town in waggons. Some companies only go to the small towns, i when they are said to be " doing the smalls." Members of provincial companies are "out." To have a part in the piece being played is to be "on." If you do not know your words youn are' a " fuffer," and to "queer the managers's pitch "is to disappoint him. Few actors who play a variety of parts are well acquainted with any part of a piece but their own. They trust to the "cue " to keep them P right. The "cue" is the sentence spoken n by another which they have to follow. Often they only watch for the last word of the sentence. Then the "'cue" is "the I word." "Fat" is a popular slang term for good business-a telling speech or anything else that the actor can make much of. By the by, "fat"is the popular slang term in several trades and professions, meaning i something different in each. The compositor a "fat," for instance, is a blank space for which he is paid without having any type to "set.' Rosalind's prologue in" As You Like It" is a "lovely tag," that being a" tag" in which the player addresses the audience. These are known as "the front of the house," and the theatre is the "shop." The play itself is called the "show." This term is but a year or two old, but is already popular. Much more ancient is the " gods" for the occti pants of the gallery. - " Props," the abbreviation in use for "pro perties," is a very important term. Every- c thing stored at the theatre for use on the stage is a "prop ;" these are the manager's b props. The actor's props are the articles of b clothing which he has to provide for him self. These vary according to the status of the company; managers of repute provid ting eerything except tights and a few other articles, while needy managers like their company to have a "wardrobe" of their own. "Plot " is used with a somewhat pecu liar significance. There are a number of " plots " to every play. Thus the '"scene plot" .is a list of the various s enes. The "flyman's plot" is a list of the articles re quired by the flyman, or man in the "flies." There is similarly a "gasman's plot." The " property plot " includes all properties used in the piece, and the prompter is responsible for their all being to hand at the proper time. The least importantof the prompter's duties, indeed, is to prompt. s To get a "reception" is to be welcomedi, with applause from the frontwhen you make your first appearance for the evening; to have a " call" is to be cheered back to bow i, your acknowledgments when you go off. Quite as much store is set on a reception as on a call. The one means that you are re cognised-as a favorite, the other that you e have made a "hit." The "star," or Sleading player, is put sadly out of coan ' tenance if he comes on in silence; and r the " super " has sometimes to suffer for it. By calling "supers" "supes," the actor contrives to get rid of the second syllable of "supernumeraries." "Super" is vaguely used at times to include the chorus; though the ladies of the latter, at all events, recognise a difference. They sing, while the super is mute. The ballet-lady, d on the other and, does not sing-she dances. nOf course there are slang terms for these; and here is a true little anecdote explaining k the difference between a chorus-girl and a ballet.lady. A few weeks ago, some one asked an actor in a comic o?pre if his wife, who is also on the stage, played in the oame piece. "No," he said grbavely, "she is not a e singer; she's a kicker." When an actor is out of an engagement he advertises in the chief theatrical paper that he is " waiting" or "resting." Managers ) making up a company invite "capable Speople" to"write in." They ar prettysure g- to address the ladies who respond as their "I dear child." If Shakespeare is to be played, only those "artists"need apply who are a- "well up" in the "legitimate." A manager ly of the old school wiil ask them what they ad "sell," meaningwhat kind of parts they play. o Pretereace is given to a comedian for farce . or burlesque who can gag," or introduce he matter of his own into a piece on the spur of lf the moment-a reference to a meeting of w the local City Council, for instance. If p- Ithe business is bad the house is filled with \- "dead.hads" - permsn invited to come 461 gratis. These have a written admission from the manager, and hence the term a "ppaper nonse." But of theatrical slang.there is no end. -. 