THIRD DAY. After a devotional meeting on Thursday morning the delegates to the Intercolonial Conference of Congregational Churches assembled in Stow Lecture Hall. A fair number of friends also attended, The Presi dent (Rev. W, R. Fletcher, M.A.) oosupied the chair. THB SPIBIT OP THE AGE. A discusBion on the spiritual condition of the Churches was introduced by tiro able papers by the Rev. J. Hill, M.A, of Sydney, on "Attendance at Public Worship," and by the Rev. S. Htbditoh on " A True Religious Revival." Mr. Hill's paper was of an unoon trovereial character, and was ohiefly devoted to pointing ont the propriety and the advan tage of a union of the people for worship. Mr. Hebditch urged that a religions revival was dependent only upon the Church fulfilling the conditions which God had ordained should precede the working of the Holy Ghost. He asked what but a religious revival could save them from the Iobb of the great doctrines by which Christianity fought her w4y to ^re-eminence, and which alone could maintain her there. The faith onoe delivered to the saints was honeycombed wiih doubt. Things surely believed once were not Burely believed now. An easy-going, flabby, invertebrate theology, which saw nothing alarming or very culpable in sin, no neceesity for or utility in an atonement, no need of conversion, no obligation in creeds, and no advantage in Church fellow ship, and no essential distinction between Church and the world, was, he was per suaded, creeping like a paralysis overthe mind of the age, and was touching with its chilling finger the heart of many of their young men and young women also. A revival of religion alone could meet the case, and the primary responsibility In connection with that rested on the ministers of the Churches. The Rev. Dr. ROSEBV thought the papers contained rather much laudation of the olden times. The plicid, passive, and uni form appearance of religious life sometimes in past ages was distinguishable from the highly differentiated individualism of the present time. They had to otter a message to their own brethren of their own time, and to do that effectually they must be in the fullest sympathy with the thought and the restless activity of the present generation. He was dieoosed to believe that more of the spirit of Christ was manifested by men in this last quarter of the nineteenth century than had been ever before seen, (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Dr. BKVAN agreed with Dr. Roseby that there never was a time in the history of the world when the spirit of Christ was more clearly manifest in the world. He ridiouled theidea thatreligion was less thought of by the cultured classes, and quoted statistics to show that in Amerioa the proportion of University students who were members of Churches was bieher now than it ever had been before. Churches should see that revivals oame from within themselves, and should not rely upon receiving benefit from the preaching of travelling evangelists. (Hear, hear.) Other speakers attributed the falling on in the attendances at Churoh on Sunday evenings to the increasing interest bestowed UDOQ religious periodicals, and to the worries of week-night meetings causing men to desire to stay at home with their families. HEW HEBRIDES MISSIONS, It was decided to consider on Wednesday next a resolution containing a protest against the interference of French offioials with the Presbyterian missionaries in the New Hebrides. OPINIONS ON CONCBEGA.TIOITA113M. At 1 SO p.m, the company adjourned to the Town Hall Banqueting-room, where a sub dantial luncheon was* provided them by It eters. Bricbnell Brothers. After tbe re post the PRESIDENT submitted, as a senti ment, "Tbe Co-workers of other Christian Churches." (Applause.) Canon ANDBKWS, in reply, expressed his warm sympathy with the Congregationalists in tbe celebration of their juoilee. Speaking only for himself, although he was an EpisoopalUn, and believed God's work conld be thoronghly done in connection with the Episcopal polity .-(Hear, hear)-he had great sympathy with that particular view which was represented by his Congregational brethren. At any rate, be thought that as to all external matters connected with Church government, and he thought he might use the expression Church polity-without touching on the question of priesthood-all those matters were as the small duet of tbe balance compared with the great evangelical truthB wliioh Dr. Dale had addressed them upon on the previous evening. (Cheers.) The Kiev. S. KNIGHT also replied to tbe sentiment, and remarked that whilst Congregationalists had the largest freedom, they seemed to have the least divergence from the Christian teachings. It was another Instance of the truth that if we trusted hnman nature human nature was trustworthy. He paid a tribute to tbe achievements of Dr. Dale. Subsequently the oompany adjourned to the grounds outside Stow Church, where they were photographed by Mr. R. S. Stacy. The blacks who are in camp near the Old Exhibi tion Building visited the Leoture Hall after wards for the entertainment of the company. 