« THE REDEMPTION.' The Musical Association ha3 announced its intention to produce Gounod's Bacred trilogy, ' The Redemption,' in the Town H-1I on Tuesday evening, April 5. Charle3 Gounod is one of the very few living composers that are likely to leave in delible ' footprints on the sands of time.' 'The Redemption' wa3 first performed at the Birmingham Musical Festival, August 30, 1882, when the spacious Town Hall of that city was densely crowded, and many were unable even to find standing room. The antece dents of the composer, the rumour that this oratorio was regarded by himself as ' the crowning work of his life,' and the knowledge that he would personally conduct it, raised the expectations of the Birming ham people to fever heat, and it appears that their anticipations were fully realized. In the opinion of many sound critics 'The Redemption' i3 as meritorious as Beethoven's 'Mount of Olives,' and even 'The Elijah' or ' The Messiah.' Haydn, when asked why he spent such a very long time in composing ' The Creation,' replied, ' Because I intend it to last long.' Something akin to this must have influenced Mona. Gounod in the production of 'The Eedemption.' His own account of the work is as follows : — 'It was during the autumn of the year 1867 that I first thought of com posing a musical work on the Redemp tion. I wiote the words at Rome, where I passed two months of the winter of 1867-8 with my friend He'bert, the celebrated painter, at that time Director of the Academy of France. Of the music I then composed only two fragments — 1, The march, to Calvary in its entirety ; 2, The opening of the first division of the third part, the Pente cost. Twelve years afterwards I finished this work, which had been so long inter rupted, with a view to its being performed at the Festival at Birmingham in 1882,' The three parts forming, the ' Trilogy' are preceded by a short prologue relating to the creation of all things and the fall of man. Like Haydn's 'Creation,' the first movement is an instrumental repre sentation of chaos, but the treatment is very different. It ha3 none of the wild and rugged impulsiveness of Haydn's con ceptions, but is rather descriptive of the divine influence 'moving upon the face of the waters.' It is in C major, and opens with a tonic pedal, upon which a series of chords are skilfully arranged. After eight or ten bars a sin gular vibratory passage is introduced, which in its turn gives place to a series of syncopated chords leading up to the finale. The whole of this introduction is an adagio. It opens pianissimo, and by the successive additions of the various orchestral instruments and finally of the organ a climax is reached, the effect of which is startling and highly effective. Two 'narrators' (tenor and bass) now appear as exponents of the various sub jects treated* of in the work. They in variably deliver their addresses in recita tive, and for the most part in a con tinuous monotone upon the tonic or dominant. In t-'» respect the style differs as greatly from that of the recitatives of many of the older composers, as the intoning of the liturgical responses of the Church differs from ordinary reading. It is in one of the recitatives of this pro logue that a representative instrumental theme is Introduced, which Gounod him self terms ' the typical melody.' It is remarkable for its ideal elegance, and recurs nine times. The last instance is at the close of the second part, when it is poured upon the ear by the entire orchestra in unison, supported by the full power of the organ. Our readers will understand from this that Gounod has studied in the Wagnerlan school of music, and has to a considerable extent adopted its principles. It will be remembered that Meyerbeer in 'Les Huguenots' frequently interpolates his score with the famous Lutheran melody, ' Eine feste Burg ist unser Gott.' Simi larly 'The Power of Love' is often repeated in Balfe's ' Satanella.' But no previous composer had ever carried, out the principle to the_ extent that Wagner has done. With him each hit motif, of which there are over sixty in his trilogy, ' The Nibelung's Ring,' alone, is a repre sentative theme by which the orchestra is most intimately associated with some incident or character of the drama. In 'The Redemption' this principle has been adopted to this extent that the oft recurring instrumental melody referred to above is in every instance connected with the Redeemer himself. Tho Redemption theme is introduced three times in the prologue alone. Part 1 of the Trilogy treats of '* Earth's most appalling tragedy' — the passion, crucifixion, and death of the Redeemer, with its awe-inspiring surroundings. Here the sublime resignation of Jesus and the lamentations of the female disciples are exhibited in wonderful contrast to the malignant mockery of the priests, the blasphemies of the rabble, and the brutality of the Roman soldiery. Here the details of the crucifixion are related ; the taunts of the impenitent thief and the touching appeal of the other 'male- factor' are heard ; and here too the supernatural 'darkneBS over all the earth,' and even the convulsions of the earthquake are expressed with all the eloquence of soul-stirring music. No mere word - painting can convey an adequate idea of the dramatic force of thi3 part of the Trilogy. The effect upon the listener is almost electric in its vividness — it holds him as by enchant ment. The famous 'March to Calvary' is intended to represent, as Gounod him self expresses it, 'the brutality of the pagan force dragging Jesu3 to execution.'' It is interrupted in its progress by a unisonal choius for female voices in E minor — 'Forth from the royal banners go.' This plaintive melody is the ' Yexilla Regis prodeunt' of the Catholic Liturgy, and its sorrowful tones are ren dered doubly impressive by the wailing of the orchestral accompaniment. The march is then resumed, and is again interrupted by an incident for which there is no historical authority. The services of Simon the Cyrenean are dispensed with, Jesu3 is not 'led as a lamb to the slaughter,' but is dragged to execution bearing Hi3 own cross, and for the sake of dramatic effect He is repre sented as having twice fallen beneath its load. This questionable interpolation, however, calls forth a piteous lament from the 'Holy Women,' and the response of the Redeemer, 'Ye daughters of Israel, weep not for me,' is solemn, dignified, and touching in the extreme. The march is then once more resumed in combination with, the chorus, 'Forth from the royal banners go,' rendered ft'* time by the full choir. In addition to the great central figure and the two narrators, the Virgin Mary and the two thieves are introduced in this first part It has been assigned as a reason why ' The Mount of Olives' has so seldom been performed in England that in that sublime oratorio the Saviour is represented by the vocalist in the first person ; and we are informed that Beethoven in the last year of his life ' found fault with himself for having treated the part of Christ too drama tically.' If the objection ha3 any weight it applies with equal force to 'The Redemption.' But Eurely a mode of treatment which, exalts our conception of the subject placed before u.s, however sacred it may be, cannot re aa offence against correct taste. And in this par ticular instance it is certain that the feelings and emotions excited by the con templation of the events portrayed by the artist in Buch glowing tints is greatly enhanced by the personality of the principal figures. The whole of the incidents of the first part of ' The Redemption' appeal to human sympathies with such dramatic force as to be well nigh overpowering. The Becond part treats of the Resurrec tion and final Ascension of the Redeemer. Thus, with events as joyous and inspiring as those of the first part are sad and painful, it is as the serenity of the peaceful calm that succeeds the storm. It opens with an orchestral prelude of about twenty bars in C major, constructed upon the theme from the Stabat Mater chant previously introduced in the first part. This prelude is followed by the 'Prophetic Chorus,' 'Saviour of men.' This latter is intensely inspiring in its simple grandeur, but requires for the full realization of the composer's ideal four trumpets stationed at the highest part of the orchestra, who reiterate over and over again the tonic and dominant during the progress of the chorus. Then follow a recitative, an elegant instrumental number formed upon a double pedal, with muted strings, another recitative, and a plaintive trio for female voices, representing the three Marys anxiously enquiring, 'Who shall roll away the stone.' The tenor Barra tor then announces the rising of the sun above the brow oi Calvary, the arrival of the women at the rock-hewn tombj and the majestic appearance of the descending Angel of the Resurrection. The angel's solo, 'Why seek ye the living among dead,' has an elegant harp obbligato accompaniment, in the absence of which a violin pizzacato would be a Borry substi tute. The air itself is remarkable for its melodic and rhythmic simplicity. It forms ore of the many instances of chromatic progression which is a distin guishing feature of the work throughout. Its structure rather resembles a recitative than what is ordinarily understood by a 'melody.' It is an additional evidence of Gounod's indebtedness to the Bayreuth school of music. But though extremely simple it touches a responsive chord in every heart. The subsequent appearance of Jesus to the devout women affords another opportunity for the introduction of the Redemption theme. His saluta tion and consolatory address, with its sostinuto accompaniment, is singularly peaceful and serene, thus forming a great contrast to the succeeding number in which the alarm of the Sanhedrim, the amazement of the Pharisees, and the craver fears of the guards, are depicted in vivid colours. The succeeding chorus, ' Now behold ye the guard,' in which the imposture of the priests in bribing the soldiers to spread a false report respecting the resurrection la denounced, opens with a very fine speci men of unisonal writing, and the treat ment is vigorous, stately, and inspiring. We must pas3 over several other numbers of this second part, but its final chorus, 'Unfold, ye portals everlasting,' de mands a passing notice. The tenor nar rator, having recited the incidents con nected with the Ascension, this triumphant chorus bursts forth, supported by the entire strength of the band and organ. It approaches in sublimity to the majestic 'Lift up your heads' of Handel's 'Messiah,' and like that well-known setting it is antiphonal in its treatment. The celestial choir consists of soprano voices alone, and the accompaniment includes a series of elegant arpeggios, in which the harp is combined with the other stringed instruments. The responsive terrestrial choir on the other hand is sup ported by the brass and wind instruments and by the organ. At length both choirs unite in a magnificent ascription of praise to ' The King of Glory.' We come now to the third part of the Trilogy ; it is entitled 'The Pentecost,' and is itself snbdivided into three parts. The first of these subdivisions is pro phetic of the final triumph of Christianity ; the second is descriptive of the descent of the Holy Ghost on^he Day of Pentecost ; and the third contains a summary of the Christian faith. The finale, like that of Beethoven's 'Mount of Olives,' is a glorification of the Holy Trinity. Gounod himself says of this division of the third part, that it is ' one of the mo3t highly developed of the Trilogy.' But authors are not always tne best judges oi their own works. Milton pronounced his 'Paradise Regained' aa superior to his ' Paradise Lost,' but the verdict of the literary world is against him. And we doubt if the public, especially on a first hearing, will appreciate this last part as highly as the first. No doubt the ad vanced student of music who undertakes to analyze it will find traces of the com poser's creative genius on every page ; but its merits as a work of art are too recondite and refined to be seeD at a glance. ' The Pentecost' opens with an instrumental prelude to a song and choris descriptive of the blessings of peace. This i3 followed by a soprano solo, 'Ye moun tains, ye perpetual hills, bow_ ye down,' and then the previous chorus is repeated, - with a coda remarkable for the contra puntal skill displayed in it3 construction. The number entitled ' The Apostles in Prayer' 13 a ' song without words.' It is an andante in A major. The leading theme is remarkable for its melodic ele gancB, and the placid character of the whole is in singular contrast to 'the descent of the Holy Ghost,' described in the next number. The circumstances connected with this event — the ' rushing mighty wind,' 'the cloven tongues as of fire,' the 'holy rapture' of the apostles, and ' the voice from heaven' (soprano) — are severally illustrated by very appro priate orchestral accompaniments, in which the harp plays an important part. The next number, ' The Word is Flesh Be come,' is a unisonal quartet and chorus. Gounod informs us that 'It is written in a style which is intended to recall the form and rhythm of the chants called proses in the Catholic Liturgy.' Thesa 'proses,' we understand, are forms chanted on par ticular days in the Catholic Church. The number is almost majestic in its simple grandeur, and when after several other numbers it is repeated with the full power of the band and organ its dignity and stateliness are much enhanced. The finale is a coda, in which the composei for the first time displays his skill as a writer of fugue. The ' subject,' the 'counter- subject,' and the 'response' reappear several times, and iu various keys, till at last the phrase 'in everlasting trinity' is rendered fortissimo with solemn and stately grandeur. Throughout this Trilogy Gounod evi dently abstains from any unnecessary display of musical scholarship. The solemnity of the subjects upon which It treats is approached with reverence and presented in a manner well calculated to awaken responsive feelings in the minds of all who hear it. He rises superior to the formal technicalities of the older schools, and though his instrumental score is often adorned with passages and even entire movements of great intricacy, the vocal parts are singularly free from any arti ficial elaborations. He doubtless believes with Gluck that 'simplicity and truth, are the grand principles of the beautiful.' The Conductor and committee of the Musical Association are to be congratu lated upon bringing this noble work before the public. It would be unreason able to expect the complete instrumental score to be represented. It is re lated of Berlioz that during the performance of an opera he wa3 so annoyed that at the termination of an instrumental movement he frantically shouted out from the pit, ' Oh ! this is unbearable ; the trombones did not play. But we have no Berliozes in Adelaide, and if we had, such rudeness would, under existing circumstances, be met with, de served condemnation. We advise the Association to issue booka of the words of 1 ' The Redemption.' The English trans ilation is not very elegant in ite diction, fiiui without it much of the significance of the music will be lost. Soloists do not always enunciate very distinctly, and full choirs never. We also advise the Associa tion to follow the example of the manage ment of the Birmingham festivals by pro hibiting any demonstrations during the progress of the work. 