!'HE (.GQLDEN. ; HOPE. A: BOMANCE OF.THE DEEP. - I .dreamt dreamhat Wst ct all a dream.' B! W' CLARKt RUSSELL I CHaPTrrn XX.-(CoNTINUED.) The woyage to the Indian Ocean and back, anyway,' cried Hiram, ' tonchina at an island there. Yell allow that.' There was a general murmur of assent. 'Very well,' continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, 'and I should like to know if he was to find a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any shipwrecked sailors belonging to the I Verulam or any other weasel, I should like to know,' he cried in his huskiest voice and with I e stern roll of his eyes over the men, ' if c there's e'er a seeaman here as would say, ' I'm not agoin' to rescue that there woman or them there men; it's a job I didn't sign I for?' There was a pause. broken only by the flap of a sail as the schooner rolled to leeward and I the rippling of the water at the stem. Some E bright stars were shining in the dark eastern blue, but westwards it was still a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose ekirts were blackening to the night, though their brows still held traces of the glorythat was deep down behind the sea. Why, of course,' said Goldsmith, ham merind at a flint for his tinder-box, ' if you nobjecte ye can see and yet walk through without feelin' of 'ea. And our wish to hear what you had to say about the yaru Johnny lay and listened to wasn't because we was such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bound out to bring home a thost, but because none of us not having much acquaintatce with what goes on in parsons' minds, we agreed that there must be something uncom mon hidden from us in this woyage, and wanted to know what it was.' ' ell, ye have the truth,' said Stone; 'and I'll go a bit furder with you yet, mates-the capt'n here'll bear me out; the reason why the clergyman didn't tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to he spliced to was on the island, was 'cause he was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a I likely thing in a man? Why, I've known t chaps afraid to say their prayere-actually t ashamed to ask God's blessing upon them ' and those they've left at home-for fear they'd p be laughed at by their mates, choosin' rather I to put aside Goda' love than be jeered at by a the meanest of his creatures.' ' Well, that's true enough,' grumbled e Breeches. 'I myself have had feelin's I shouldn't ha' liked to talk about, 'specially f when my boy was drownded.' ' It's all that bloomin' Johnny I' cried Joe d Hall. ' If he'd told the cook the truth there'd i ha' been nothen said. But who was going to t know what we was bound out for when that I chap comes along with his earns about ghosts I and sperrite on an island waiting for the schooner to take 'em off?' 'And I ain't sure, Micky,' said Sawyer, turning upon the cook, 'that the yarn wasn't aggravated by your way of relating c of it' 'I'll swear,' cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast. ' that I never said nothing about the ghost's- heres bein' I like ridin' lamps for brightness. Yet MIicky v made that oat. S'elt me, skipper, it wur Micky's temper that forced me to 'splain why I hadn't come forrardafore, or rather than I'd ha' said a word about the parson's yar I'd g ha' been-' and here, as was apparently his n custom, he expressed himself willing to incur b all sorts of frightful and horrible calamities, e such as being struck blind and the like. t This the cook answered by calling Johnny many offensive names. But the crew now E saw how it was. Tnere was nothing more d to argue about ; besides it would be eight n bells before ,ong, and time for the men who o had the first watch below to think of turn. b ing in. 'A queer notion for them to have got into t their hneads,' said Hiram to Stone as they walked aft; ' better say nothen about it to Mr. Fortescue; it might make him f oneasy.' t ' So I think,' replied Stone. p 'I donne that I'm sorry it's happened h either,' said Hiram; 'if the woyage was w puzzling to us aft it was bound to be puzzling et ftasta'dp b?tea s tý ttdetsuandabls teoal( what I said to the men don't prove that I cease to consider the whole bilin' of this start u amazin'ly soopernat'ral, as Breeches rightly u calls it. I've been running it over all the a aftercoon. and have come to the conclusson i that this here woyage must be regarded as a a whim put into the gent's mind by his dream. ft If the bearings of your island are correctly ft given, we shall find it rightesough, but that'sf all; nothen else but the island, if it ain't a savidge or two!' ti SWell, we'll have to find that out by c waiting,' said Stone. ' My view is, that since as much as he could find out about his dream a turned out true the other part 'll be true like- t wise. Ye know, Hiram, that there's no non sensical piety about me. What I believes in' I keeps to myself unless I'm asked to speak. c My notion is that one soul's quite enough for e a man to look arter in this world, and that if I he consarn himnself with other people's souls v he stands t-, let his own go adrift. So, touch ing this here dream, I don't want to harguo r ad if I w s some convarted retired sea cap taln, who makes friends with parsons in the f hope of getting a hoisu into a berth ashore d through em; all that I desire to say is that c the Being who made them store, and the I holler of whose hand is big enough to contain the ocean and everything afloat oni it, is as likely to show mercy to a man by outting a r useful dream into his head as by bending a a gale of wind just when all hands think them selves lost.' 'Why, yes,' exclaimed Hiram, following a the indication of old Stone's finger as be I pointed aloft; ' there's no limiting of the I Lord's power; everybody knows that ;. and it t 'ad be prebumpeious,' he added, emphasising t the 'b' as though he would have Stone to observe his mastery over difficult words, ' in me to say the parson's dream didn't come from the Lord. Still, Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory if this class of wisIton was more general. There've been a. good many dreams going on in this world ever since Adam woke up and found Heve along side of him, which some married men might coneider in the light of a nightmare; but when it comes to one chap being singled out--' He paused, and added, 'Tell 'ee what I should like to dream of, Bill, and find come true.' 'What I' said Stone, gaping. 'Why, of a hisland-not with a ghost upon it-bat with a signboard standing up and saying, ' Four foot down lies ten thou sand pound in good muey.' That 'ad be a practical dream. Bso when it comes to females in wisions imploriu' of you-' He wasee checked by Stone gripping of his arm, and at the same momena Mr. Fortescue came out of the cabin. It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope should fida matter for talk in what Oaptaina Weeks had told them. Certainly the ourate'e dream did not correspond with Johnnr'd notion of their being bound out to an island to bring home a ghost but it itr ni·bad ahb oygsn with a motive that made it seem a qaear and nommon tbitg In the thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellows: andMr. Fortescue was promptly transformed into a mysterious person to their fancy, who had visions and was to a certain extent poes seased, and was consequently to be treated with respect and politeness, becaruse it was certain he could exercise peculiar powers, and was therefore a man not to be offended or annoyed on any account whatever. This was specially old Breeches's notion, and the iest of the men took it up readily. For several days there was nothing much talked about in the forecastle but Mr. For tescnue's dream, and every man had something to say about it.in the shape of stories he had once heard; in fact, they ended in frightening one another with yarns about apparitions, corpse.candles, figares of drowned seamen rising in dead calm weather at midnight to read ships' names, then shaking their heads with gestures of grievous disappointment and sinking again; even Johnny had his yarn to Sadd, whilst Ireeches, the cook, Goldsmitb. and Jim KitI related a score among them, till the night watches became decidedly on comfortable, and the skipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couplesa. But by degrees the superstitions feelings among them wore themselves out; the men would notice that the curate was all kind neas and gentleness in his way to them, that he had always a pleasant greeting for every man who came past him, and a friendly word for the helmsman, whoever he might be; he'd read from the Church Service to them on Sundays, and add a few words by way of a setmon. Long ere this they had found out that they were a good and willing crew, the Scaptain a smart hand, and Stone a genial old seaman it was a pleasuere to'work under; so after they had ' yarned' one another into b an anxious and nervous condition, they P 'r,,ed I'o and talked themselves onut of it, all agreeing-even the cook-that they had P albsed ly spaal arrangemet with theauthb,. ',ever been in a s.ore eomfortable little orit r, nor engaged in a Ibleasanter voyage, dream or nodream.,'- . -- -..--- I Indeed, Johnny's ca'rrying his' blundering tale forward proved ea'fortunate an occur rence as could have been wished; for first. it converted the curate into a very impressive I personage, not so much to be greatly lkel as e to be extremely respected; next it raised a curiosity among the crew as to the issue of i the voyage, and this pat a spirit of unanimity I into them; then a certain kind of sympathy was begotten for Mr. Fortescue, after re- . peated discussions in and on the forecastle, for it was plain he was always sad and griev - ing secretly; his far-away look would be noticed, the very smile he would give was as but a light upon him face to ezhibit how mnch of sorrow was there, and when the crew took I this and combined it with their belief that he I could see visions, and that he had been spoken to by heaven in hie dreams, and that what he was seeking was a sweetheart who had revealed her existence to him and shown , him the island she was upon, and which William Stone knew all about, they felt a i sort of importance, as of men engaged in something solemn and wonderfal, superior to any kind of job seafaring men had ever been asked to deal with. But it took them from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. As to Forreecne he had no idea that the confession he had made to the captain and mate was known forward. He certainly oUm?d th. . 4.nt gIsuwm th. re.Y ro?|d Or -~ o, abse was: ,..r n nae an. na t give him when their duty carried them to and from where he was eitting or erstanding ; then, I.t-r on, he'd notice the more genial manner, the quicker, the less apprehensive recognition of hie gentle greeting; buh be was too absent minded to attach the significance indications of the kind would win from a auspicions or sharp observer; he knew just enovgh about sailors to imagine he could not err in attri. bhuting any oddities of behaviour to their .habits and principles, until the merging of the crew's feelings into a general sympathetic willingness and contentment left him nothing to observe, even if he ever had eyes for marked conduct among them. The days slipped by, and the voyage to the Indian Ocean promised to be perfectly event less. They carried a swinging north.weter I through the Horse latitudes, and picking up the north-east trade wind, after a couple of I days of light baffing airs, in twenty-eight de- I grees north, swept down the Atlantic with the thunder of the breeze, that blew a fresh i kale at times in their reefed mainsail, till they found themselves one day creeping and t crawling over a brassy,. burnished, glaring epace of equatorial sea, eagerly catching every faint breathing of air aloft, or watching with I eyes that seemed entranced by the breathless c deep for the dimmest tarnish of draught faint t ing as it came out of the pale azure ruled by I the water-line. This was a trying time for t Fortescue. The spell of stagnation might t have been endurable to him the other sede of t Africa; baut here was the se:booner swinging helpless near to the parallel on which the island lay, but with a vast continent between, which had to be measured, and the mighty ocean off Agulhus entered before he should be able to verify Stone's solemn affirma- I tion. Both the captain and the mate must have I long ago guessed that the equatorial belt e would be toe place to tax she patience of the d man whose mind seemed easy only when the t Golden Hope was flashIng through the seas, t bringing the island closer by every daring and r graceful leap she took from emerald f holl ws to snowy heights ; and until the c breeze came that blew them clear of the d equator they were constantly apologising for f the weather. ' Here's April the 5th, Mr. Fortescue,' Hiram said, ' and to here from latitude forty degrees north has been such sailine an no I man with a conscience in him could fall fonl p of. I allow that the run from the Thames fI has been longer than I bargained for ; but f what are ye gol' to do when its nothen but thickness and ratchin' ?' it And then old Stone would say : 'Well. this here stillness, sir, ain't cheer- b ful,cortainly ; but I've always looked upon a this part of the ocean as a sort of halting place for ships. It's the signo' Neptune, and i here vessels which have been hard drove, whether coming from the nortb or from the south. are glad to rest, as the G.,iden Hope is, t to:iecruitlheir health, and dry themselves they mnake a hole, when they cocas a eg an wing out, the wery picture of heasinese, to my way of thinkin'. But depend upon it, sir, th' Hope'll make up for this spell of c mittin' down. If the soutn-east tralee ye still a-blowin', wait till the schooner catrches 'em fair on the port bow, and then yell see how far off. she'll allow the Cape to remain in a few days. He happened to make this remark to For tescue in the presence of Hiram, who ex claimed :: i What d'ye mean, Bill, by saying IF the south-east trades be stilt a-blowin'? What's to prewent 'eam ' f Well. I dunno; I'msure,' answered Stone; 'hut to tell you the truth, skipper, so many changes have taken place since I fuet went to sea as a' boy, that it's a sort o' defyin' of Providence not to put Ir before notions which t was formerly certainties.' 'But you wouldn't eay Ir the sun should rso to- morrow morning, B:l1, as though you t wasn't sure?' exclaimed Hiram, who partly from love of argument and partly from the desire to amuse Mr. Fortescue, would often engage his mate in discussions of this kind. 'Why, perhaps not,' answered Stone, ' 'cause if the sun didn't mean to rise to morrow morning, we should be froze to death afore we could speculate on his intention. But it's another matter with winds, which if they be governed by laws, don't seem to understand 'em When I was fuet gin' to sea, the north.east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now, and the ,oath-east trade more heasterly. Thinge are bhalerin', I don't ees how they can help it. Take this here globe. Astronomere say it's gaiin' in matter. Consequently it must be growing bigger. Very well. Now, take the sun. Astronomers sap it's slowly consuming of it self up; I think that is likely, for certainly in England it ain't so hot in summer as it used to be. Now, it's plain to me, if the earth's groiin' heavier, and the sun's gettin' emaller, our horbit's a changin', which must likewise alter the winds. In fact, my notion is, Mr. Fortescue, that in the course of ages, this here globe 'Il run short o' water and be driedl up and become like the moon. Who knows that there ain't astronomers in some of the planets watching us through telescopes as we watches them, and calculatin' from records their ancestors kept, that if this here globe keeps all on as it is, in so many mil lions of years it'll be like the moon, without a wisible .tarn, nothen but face, and that all froze up ?' 't'o which Hiram replied: 'Why, that may be, for whoe goin' ro gues what'll happen millions of years hence, and indeed, Mr. For tescue, who wants to know? If there isn't to be no trade winds in them times you'll find otherlaws hoperatin' which 'll ases wae jeetas well I'm not a man to be interested only in the years I may live in. I'm willing to feel consarned in what may happen down to seucn time as a man's great grand-children a,. ohS m? n anA woman. bhut artr that thinos must become troubles to them as sin's now born nor likely to be dreamt of for a long spell. D'ye see, air? No use talking with Stone hereof millions of years. If the south east trades last my time I shall be satisfied, for there's no chance of my young 'une takin' to seafarin', for the best of all reasones-I ain't got any.' CarTsa XXI.-A BBIxr HALTr. If there was little enough to interest For tescue in such conversation as this there ashould have been plenty to amuse him in the faces of the men-Stone earnest and sympa thetic, chiefly to be remembered by his hook. like forefinger, with which he seemed to score has observations upon the air, and his rugged features ; Hiram, aunty, with a certain cocksurenegs about him, and a laugh like a neigh, and a smile like the mouth of a sack. The calm lasted three days. during which, somehow, the schooner managed to eneak over forty miles of water. It is tras she'd get an impulse now and then from a draught of air, and Hiram would call the clergyman's attention to the brass wire-like ripples breaking from the cutwater when the sea resembled quicksilver, polished and stainless with the image of the soeun plain in its heart, like the nucleus of a comet, the tail whereof was the luminary's hurring w.ke--'s though it was impossible for the schooner to stalnd still, even when the light canvas of the little topgallant stun' sail hung motionless between every long drawn, gentle, gradual heave of the swell moving ia slgiash folds from east to west Such progress as was made was indeed like thu imperoeptibls passage of the Ancient Mariner's ship that was propelled hy the atmosphere ahead and the closing of it behind. B e why ddvea on th ship to f arst, Swithout a wave, r wio Zh.,lrlesrue t wy b-fbre, SAocl ele from behi, .s At least yoa'd have thought so had you oome on deck one umon oa ln thi ourate did, and noticed rme fllcaering gleam or a lnll-riggei: ship's canvas away about two points on the starboard bow, and found that at sunset. though she evwas betding southwards, the uchooner had sneaked her far abaft the beam. This was the odder for the fact that for an hour alter the cook had" hove some of his wash overboard, you .would see it clo-" astern, perhaps wish the grease of it widen ing out into an iridescent patch, as if it meant to remain there all day. But the fruiter was a won.er(ul sailor; in such weather as thir she was like a butterfly, all winges; and not, a breath could come barely with weight enough to give a plume-like curl to the thread of smoke going neraight up out of the galley chimney, but she feltit. It was terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordi nary seaman kept the quarter-deck wet with swabbing, but the moisture broke away in steam, and the pitch in Ihbe seams was as soft as warm cobbler's wax. Forte-cue lived oen deck, and would stay far into the niabht, but only to reappear pale and unrefreahed, from a short spell of sleep in his bed below. The repose of the mighty ocean was wonderful. almost terrible to him in those hushed and stagnant days. When there was a stillness in the schooner he would sit listening to the silence betwixt heaven and water with hie thoughts full of Agatha. SHE was the prinr ciple that centered all he viewed, all he thought of, till his visionary character, his quality of mysticiam, found her ideal com mingling in the radiant blueness of the day;'" the sparkling darkness of the night; for hia I.. .od sil. m.d hone mlde her the o. t oo-l all Sb.' erse -0%ed on. ana he ,eheld, .forwa everyahere. 'The rougheet railor forrward would notice the rapt gaze he'd fix npon bshe liquid light-tlue line that defioed the june tion of the sky and the ocean, and knowing the cnrate's story, guessed he vas iancying he saw the island with his loved one upon i. Once old Stone watched with awe the singular expression in Fortescue's dark beautiful yearning eyes upturned 'to a soft mother.o'-pearl.like cloud that hod arisen in the east and floated radiant to where the verge of the hoc white sunshine melted into blue, where it dissolved: and a little later on, speaking of this to Captain Weeks, he said : * Hiram, d'ye know what fancy he put into me with that fixed stare of his? Well, lon mae laugh, but I tell yer, he made me think that cloud which had come oaut of the et9t might have the reflection of the island and his girl upon it, and he was looking to see it' the representation was there.' - Poor Stone I Hiram DID' laugh, but never theless the old sailor was near the truth, for sympathy will give the plainest, most unlet tered mind, the right kind of instincts for divinatione. But the impatience excited in 'the curate by this interval of calm could not check the deep and melancholy, and even superstitious thought. Night time would give fancy its keenest edge, when with murmuring canvas the schooner lay swaying on the cradling swell under the velvet black dome that glit-. tered with stare, and that was clouded with diamond.dust, and that was radiant with meteoric shootings, the bland beauty of moon-like planets, and of orbs which the eyes of Forteacue had never before beheld. Then it was, when the silence of he dusk had entered into a deep peace into the ocean hush, when no voice sounded forward, au footfall aft, when all lights were hidden or extinguished save the binnacle lamp that dimly gilded the statuesque figure of the helmsman, when the motionlesseform of Cap tain Weeks or the mate leaning against the rail was distinguishable only by, the stars his igure blotted out, when the rustling of the canvas on high, and the light pattering of dew diecharged from gaff, yard, and boom, from reef-points and bolt-ropes and whatever .lee the midnight- hidden swell could shake, sounded like the murmur of wind. the falling of raindrops among trees ; then it was that Forteacue's imagination would take wing and pluck from the seen and the unseen such fancies that if the rough and homely sailors forward had gathered their nature, their sympathy might have been changed again into fear, and one might have heard of some thing like a mutiny founded on the time honoured tradition of Jack's dislike of sailing with a parson aboard. Baut you must not go to the forecastle for interpretsaton of musings full of poetry and mysticism, and tearful with the inspirations ofa heart yearning for one deeply loved If the clergyman's gaze sought out any bright earloa r slatdyis ova belie wonder whethsra lhe phantom grew into a reality as eubstan tial at least as that which crossed the vision of Hamlet when his mother stared to right and left in search of what the prince beheld. Nor was i. wonderful in a mind constituted as Fortescue's was, that one effect of his startling and wonderful dream should be to impress him with the fancy that intercourse could be held between him and his distant ono by sympathy. In' Jane Eyre the heroine hears the voice of the man ene loves calling her, though he is leagues away. In real life the existence of spiritual bonds which further distance could not break nor attenuate into irresponsiveness, has been proved by marvellous correspondence of action, of desire, of feeling; and since this sense of sympathetic or spiritual union between For lescue and Agatha would inevitably be heightened to an extraordinary degree by the vision that had brought her in her agony face to face with him in his sleep, there was nothing singular-however it might have struck Eiram or William Breeches-in the young clergyman's fancies during these atilt. tropical nights, when he would look up at bhe heavens and believe that the same yellow star he gazed at was watched also by his love with thoughts of him as his were thoegbht of her; that the deep soul-spoken prayer he, would put up for her and for himself to God was re-echoed by her in the darkness, mile.s away down yonder in the gleaming east, through operation of some each amaiang.. mysterious sympathy, as has made vo.ces beyond the grave audible to living, loving= ears There would be a mystery, too, in the silent ocean night that tinctured his emotionalise.. with a darker shade of imagination. (TO BE CONTINUED) . 