cycling. - cycling gossip- by ixios. The Sporting and Athletic Carnival held in the Exhibition grounds and building is over. On the contests amongst athlete3 which took place inside the building I will not write, but restrict myself to the cyclists' arcua, the track in the grounds. It had rained incessantly for the first four days, so that wheel racing in tbe open air was quite out of tho question. On Thursday night I ventured to attend. Passing through tho mainbuildingyouenter tho grounds through a northern door. With overcoat buttoned up to the chin you step out into the cold frosty air. The track is boarded six laps to tiie mile, and banked up at either end, so that a rider need not slacken speed in turning. Eight electric lights shed a white glare over tho scene, showing tho wetness of the boards and general dampness of everything around. It was such a night that a highly trained athlete, with any regard for health, should not have been out and stand ing about, and yet a crowd of racing wheelmen, clad in light silk jackets and knickerbockers, and with bare legs, were trottingabout, evidently regardless of the consequences. Twenty-eight names were down on tho cards for the One Mile Novices' Roadster Bicycloj Handicap, tvhich was run in four heats and a final. Many of these men are quite new to the path, and a good proportion are strapping young fellows in the pink of health and spirits, who will no doubt give a good account of themselves next spring season. Friday and Saturday nights were both - fearfully - cold -and damp, nevertheless when the cycling events came on there, was a stampede from the main hall out to the cold grounds to see the races. AV. J. C,. Elliott is regaining : his. old form, for he . won the. chief prize of the week, a trophy, value .£30. ' Cyclists were much surprised on Saturday night to learri that Fred. AVood, who has made such a good name, for himself on. tho profes sional racing path, had been charged with stealing a purse . from' 'a ,'Mr. Marshall, with whose wife AVood; it is alleged; has been guilty of misconduct. Rumors of a sensational nature arc current, which place a, very serious com plexion on the case. ' , Next Tuesday night the' Melbourne Bicyclo Club will hold a social evening at head quarters, with music and recitations. The samo club is arranging to hold a ball in the Masonic Hall on the 19th. July.' Everything is to be done in llic'best style; from the decoration' of tho ball room to tho champagne supper. The price of tickets is merely nominal, as the club has undertaken to pay tho greater portion of; the expense. ' v The other night a cyolist who had a great idea of winning the 10 guinea trophy offered to the rider of the best illu minated bicycle ,iu a certain lantern parado smeared his bicyclo all over with phosphorus and thon rode it down a street to see how it looked. The night was dark and the effect very strange. The whole machino glowed fervidly as it moved noiselessly along tho quiet road. Presently a horse and trap approached. The animal sniffed and snorted thrice, violently plunged, turned round and rushed off in the direction it had come. At the same time two young girls who were standing at a garden gate shrieked and rushed inside, tel ling their father they had seen a ghost " Non sense, girls," said the father, an old Cornish farmer, as he picked up a cudgel, and with a remark that he'd settlo tho ghost he walked down tho garden and through the gate, intending to (cross the road and take np his stand behind a tree. AVhen half way across he glanocd up the road, and his ba r fairly stood ou end, and his blood curdled, for there, not 20 yards away, was tbe white apparition speedily approaching. A moment later tl;e wheol of tbo bicyclo struck bim on tho bridge of the nose, wbilo tho cyclist tumbled headlong to the ground. The old man shrieked, tho girls rushed out in hysterics, and the wheelman picked himself up, apologised, and just got away as two policemen arrivod on the scene. Tho Fernside Cycling Club held a very suc cessful " Cinderella" at the Manchester Unity Hall 'last Friday nighr. This is a second of a series to be held by this club during the winter. On Monday afternoon Messrs. Madden and Crisp, two M.B.O. men, pedalled out through Keilor to MeltoD. It was rather a hard ride ou account of a head wind, but the beautiful green country aud frosh air made work a plea sure. Host Scbebler made tho wheelmen very happy, tho eveniug being spent round a blaz ing log fire. Next day the cyclislB slipped into the pigskin, and, aided by tho wind, bowled along at an easy rate of speed till Melbourne waB reached at 4 o'clock. 