Tales and Sketches. How the Major kept his Word. It is some years ago since the Bench of Magistrates in one of our Australian colonies was reinforced by the appoint- ment of Major Hector Mornington, late of the —th Light Infantry, who, like many other persons, had been attracted to the new country in the far south, by the cheapness of its broad acres. At the time of Major Mornington's arrival, the country was ringing with the dreaded fame of a man who had adopted the fantastic appellation of "Black Robin." He was the leader of a gang, and his successful daring had rendered his name the terror of all the housewives, as it was secretly the wonder and delight of all the convict labourers. He seemed ubiquitous; here one day, and miles away the next; irresistible too, for all suc- cumbed to the bold freebooter's demands. He appeared to have moulded his con- duct according to the traditions of those famous highwaymen of old, in whose steps he desired to walk; cultivated a reputation for fantastic chivalry to women, and for a kind of capricious generosity; and prided himself on never using fatally the fire- arms he always carried, and on keeping his hand un- stained by bloodshed. Other idle and unprincipled young men have mapped out a similar programme for themselves since the days of Black Robin; but generally the sequel turns out very different from their first purpose. The hand may be withheld from the stain of blood for a time, while all goes on smoothly; but when danger thickens, or pursuit grows hot, or when greed cannot be satisfied without violence, the crime of theft is soon allied to that of murder. "Ce n'est que le premier pas qui coute." But Black Robin still stood on the brink of that fatal rubicon of blood, which he would surely cross some day, and thus half conscious admiration of his boldness mingled still with the associations of terror that clung to his name. His ex- ploits were in every man's mouth, and his astonishing activity gave people enough to talk of. One day it was the mail coach with its freight of passengers and treasure, that had been attacked. Every man had been mulcted in his watch and purse, while the lady-travellers had escaped scot-free, with reassuring words from the captain of the gang. Another day the police in pursuit of them were surrounded and disarmed in a bloodless fray. And again—boldest of all—six stalwart fellows, in short black masks, who could be none other than Robin's troop, had intruded at a harvest dance, where they had levied black mail on the men, and with insolent audacity had spun round the room in a dance with the prettiest of the girls, before they vanished again into the night and darkness, swiftly as they had come, none knew whence nor whither. It was too bad. Every one waited in trembling expectation, wonder- ing what would happen next. When the district magistrates met again on their next court day, after this last and impudent achievement, a long and anxious debate was held as to the measures which should be adopted for the capture of the gang. Much indignation was expressed at the pusillanimity of the men in general, and of the police in particular, by persons who had been lucky enough hitherto to escape any chance encounter with the bush rangers. Ho one reprobated their con duct more forcibly than the new magis trate, Major Mornington, who, accustomed tb the more expeditions course of justice in the long-settled countries of the old world, was not disposed to make sufficient allowances for the difficulties attending its administration in wide, sparsely-popu lated districts. " The sympathy that crime meets with in this country iei scandalous !" he ex- claimed with vehemence. "It is a blot and a disgrace to the community. The police, I'll swear, are in league with these blackguards, or they are all cowards. It's a crying shame that a gang like that should thrive amongst us, and that their necks should have escaped the halter so long." " Yes; very true," replied an elder colonist composedly ; " but we are doing our best to catch them. And fellows like these are confoundedly difficult to get hold of." " By George ! I wish I had the chance of coming face to face with them. I'd make short work with Master Robin and his crew, if they were to cross my path ! Lord ! to think of those yonng fellows allowing the robbers to take their part ners from them ! What stuff are your young men made of here ? " " You forget that they were unarmed, and the bushrangers carried a revolver apiece," said the other magistrate quietly. " Tut—tut ! Want of pluck—want of pluck !" sneered the Major. " All thieves are cowards at heart. Show them a bold front and they will fly from you." " I doubt that, if the thief have a loaded pistol and you have none," re- marked another of the party. " But we will wish you better success than we have had hitherto, Major Mornington ; and I, for one, shall be truly glad if we owe the capture of Black Robin to yonr co-opera- tion." " We shall see, sir. I do not anticipate that, after fighting her Majesty's battles with credit, I am come here to be worsted by a parcel of common highwaymen," was the grandiloquent rejoinder. The discussion then turned into a general channel, and on the measures to be pursued with a view of more effectually scouring the country, and unearthing the bushrangers from their haunts of con cealment. Finally, the council of magis trates separated, to regain their various homes, for the shadows were lengthening, and several had a long way to go. Major Mornington's farm lay in a different direction to any of the others, and as he was riding away, one of his brother magistrates asked; " Are you not armed, Major?3' " No, sir. What for, at this time of day, I should like to know ? " "Bushrangers are abroad at all hours of the day, and I always carry my re volver when I am alone," said the former speaker. " Pooh ! " was the Major's somewhat contemptuous ejaculatiou ; " I am not afraid of them." Nevertheless, as he rode away from the little village, and looked out on the wide belt of forest stretching away lonely and silent before him, and remembered how few and far between were the human dwellings in those solitudes, he could not but acknowledge to himself that it might have been better had he brought his re volver. He had spoken with a touch of bravado, for, in truth, he had started from home in a hurry, and had -forgotten to take it with him. He carried more money with him, too, than was consis tent with prudence, having called that morning at the village bankers ; but be consoled himself with the reflection that this circumstance could not be known to any stranger be might meet by the way. He rode an excellent horse, and trusted to the fleetness of his pace should he encounter any suspicious-looking indivi dual. In common with many people of his stamp, he believed that, call them as you would, whether by the picturesque colonial term of bushranger, which has quite a pleasing sort of sylvan sounding, or by the more downright and less euphonious old-world name of highway men, all robbers must of necessity be cast in one stereotyped and easily recognis able mould :—the stout-built, heavy jawed, sinister-eyed, traditional Bill Sykes type. He was prepared to keep a careful look-out for such characters, and if he should perceive any of that sort stealing out from behind a big tree, or creeping stealthily from under the shelter of some wide, drooping, umbrella-shaped fern, or popping up suddenly from behind a thick tuft of rushes, he felt sure he need but clap spurs to his trusty steed, in order to be borne far beyond their powers of pursuit. It was rather igno minious, as he could uot but feel, even to think of the possibility of flight, after his valorous words to his associates ; but, on mature reflection, he could not but admit the truth of the axiom that had been pro pounded by them, viz., that a man who does not carry a revolver is not on equal terms with him that does. He was not sorry therefore when, on looking round, he observed a horseman approaching from the direction of the very township he had just quitted, and as the stranger drew nearer, he perceived the latter to be of youthful and rather pre possessing appearance. His dress, though dusty and travel-stained, was such in fashion and material as gentlemen wear, and fitted him well. His horse, a thoroughbred, bore the marks of fatigue, but the rider sat liim with an easy grace, which rendered his jaded condition less apparent than it would have been under management less skilful. He raised his hat slightly to greet Major Mornington, and was passing slowly onwards, when the latter spoke in response to his salute. " You have the advantage of me, sir," he exclaimed. " I have not the pleasure of remembering your face." He felt lonely, or possibly he would not have troubled himself to speak to stranger. But people who are newly arrived in a country, and are introduced to an entirely fresh set of acquaintances all at once, as the Major had recently been, naturally find it difficult to identify them at first. He did not possess the happy " royal" faculty of recognition, and was therefore often perplexed by the effusive cordiality with which he was greeted, by persons whose individuality he vainly strove to recollect. Thus, it caused him no surprise to find that the young man, whom he did not remember ever to have seen before, appeared to know him quite well. " No ? " replied the stranger in a cheery voice. "I dare say you do not. But I have seen yon on the bench, Major Morn ington. Our public men are easy to recognise, you know." "True, true!" said the Major gra- ciously, for he liked to feel that he belonged to the circle of notable ones, whom everybody knows. Hitherto, while dwelling in crowded cities, when he was but a unit among vast numbers, that proud consciousness had not come much within his experience. One likes to be a great man, even though it be but iu a limited circle. The deferential manner in which the stranger had addressed him impressed him, favourably, and as he looked more closely at him, he thought the companionship of this young and powerfully-made man might be both safer and more entertaining than a lonely ride of some eighteen miles through the forest ranges to his home. " Which way are you going ? " he asked therefore, when they had interchanged a few commonplaces. ' To X— replied his new acquaint ance, naming a township a couple of miles beyond Major Mornington's farm. '* Why that is close to my selection !" he said in a tone of satisfaction. " Are you settled there ? " "No! I am only going to visit at B— " (naming the station of some wealthy sheep-farmers in the neighbour hood). " I am well acquainted with the various families in the district, and they all know me pretty well—at any rate by name. We have all heard of each other at least, even though we do not know each other personally, in these small circles of society, you see," he added, with a pleasant smile. " Well, we may as well ride together, as we are going the same way," the Major said with some condescension, for he felt that he was conferring an honour on the young man. " That is, if it is agreeable to you." "Most happy, if my horse can keep up with yours, sir. But that is doubtful, for be is pretty nearly done up, poor beast." " You young fellows are too apt to take it out of your cattle, and especially in this country and climate," said Major Mornington, as he eyed the handsome but sadly-jaded horse of his companion, who, having accepted the invitation, was now riding close by his side. " I suppose you are too new-fangled a hero to remember tbe old adage that bids ' a merciful man be merciful to his beast' ?" " Mercy is a fine quality when you can afford it," returned the other with a light laugh. " And I cultivate it, sir, quite as much as I can afford ; but, sorry as I am for my poor beast, he must carry me on till I can replace him. That is a fine one of yours—a bunter, eh ?" " Yes! " answered the Major promptly, for be prided himself on bis knowledge of horseflesh, and the praise of his horse was precisely the kind of flattery to which he was most .susceptible. He was soon deep in the pedigree of his steed, a subject in which thfe younger man evinced such in telligent interest as greatly raised him in the other's estimation. " He is a fine horse, though I say it. But I'm never deceived in horse—ay, nor in man or woman either. I say knowledge of human nature and of horseflesh go to gether, Mr.—Mr. " "Robertson," said the stranger, sup plying the name for which his companion had, so to speak, put out his feelers. " I hope your discrimination won't be at fault here, sir. You'll need it all in these colonies. We've all sorts of characters here." " Tut, tut! Mr. Robertson, the world is the same all over, and I have seen a good bit of it ere now. Of course trans portation has been a bad thing for the country. I am quite willing to admit that. But it's all past now, and let me tell you, sir, if your young men were to show a little more pluck, we should soon stamp out all this blackguardism, or bushranging, or whatever you please to call it, by which your country is infested." The other agreed with him, and the con versation passed on to the bushrangers and their latest exploits, of which Mr. Robertson gave some racy particulars, which provoked the Major's laughter, and caused the time to pass quite pleasantly. They had left the village and the few outlying homesteads far behind, and had entered the dark forest of tall monoto nous eucalypti. Not another human being was in sight, not a sound was to be heard in the pauses of their conversation, except the rustling of the tree-tops, or the crackling of the dead leaves and brush wood under their horses' hoofs, as they moved along. "Are we on the right road?" asked the Major. " I do not see the track." " Oh, it is quite right. I am just cut ting off a corner; we shall be on the track again in another minute." " You seem to know .the country well ?" the Major said a little doubtfully. " Oh, perfectly! I am almost like a native, having grown up in these parts. I know every nook and cranny among these ranges." Thus re-assured, the Major rode on beside him, and the younger man kept up the conversation with much vivacity. The solitude was intense, the silence of nature unbroken but by their voices. Suddenly, out of that silence, a low cautious note rose, sounding strangely, like a whistle in the distance. The Major reined in his horse to listen, as the note died away. "I say!" he cried sharply. "What's that ? Eh ? Any fear of Black Robin and his gang of rascals in these parts? It's lonely enough for anything." Mr. Robertson, who had not appeared to notice the sound, stopped too at his companion's words, and both looked in tently in the direction whence it had come. Only the leaves rustled gently in the faint breeze which scarcely stirred them. " Pshaw !" he said unconcernedly. " It's nothing. A curlew screaming, per haps. Yon are not used to the wild bush sounds yet." "I could swear it was a whistle though!" And the Major strained his eyes again, to see whether he could detect anything human that might be moving among the gaunt white tree-stumps, which stood like ghosts here and there, stretching out their scathed and leafless branches, among the waving fern fronds and the solemn verdure overhead. Mr. Robertson, perceiving his uneasi ness, drew out a pistol from his breast, and fired a random shot. " There !" he cried merrily, as he ex amined his weapon and replaced it. "That will frighten away any danger that may be lurking in the air," The sharp report echoed through the stillness of the forest solitudes, and frightened a flock of great white cockatoos which had been taking an afternoon nap on one of the tall tree-tops at a little distance. They fluttered their white wings with a whirring sound and flew away hurriedly, uttering shrill, agitated screams. Clouds were creeping up on the horizon, and the wind, which had suddenly risen, was swaying and rocking the branches of the old trees, whose dingy verdure grew duller and dingier, as the grey cloud mantle spread itself over the sun, and obscured the radiance of the day. The scene bad become singularly dreary, and the Major felt an eerie sense of loneliness. Not so his companion, whose Spirits seemed to rise with the wind. " Come away he cried gaily. " There is a storm brewing. We had better get on. Let's see whether there's a canter left in the jaded beast ?" So saying, he clapped his spurs to the horse's side, and they plunged deeper into the forest. Major Mornington did not find the Bpeed altogether convenient, for the ground was rough and uneven, but was faiu to follow his leader. He was not yet an experienced bush traveller, and his pilot, the sun, having retreated behind the clouds, he would have felt great difficulty in knowing what direction to take had he been alone, for the track had not yet re-appeared, and the tall grass and thick scrubby undergrowth made progress rather perplexing. " I say, you might have chosen clearer ground for your canter," he cried. "Pull up a bit, can't you, till we get into the open." They were now in a deep dark dell, where prickly shrubs and tall ferns grew thickly, and a range of low hills shut out the distant view. " Ay ! ay ! returned the other briskly, and with a sudden movement he reined in his horse and sprang to the ground. " Stay !" he said, as he looked at the Major; " your saddle girth is unloosed. Let uie fasten it for you." With these words he was at the head of the horse. The Major alighted too, and stood beside him in another minute. " What do you mean, sir ?" he asked in some surprise. " You are mistaken. The girths are all right." " Oh, are they ?" said the younger man coolly. " So much the better then they will not need settling." As lie spoke, be looked up with an audacious smile, and said : " I am sorry to inconvenience you, Major—for we've had a very pleasant ride together—but I'm afraid I must trouble you for this horse of yours—mine is fairly knocked up !" " What is this, sir ? Have yon gone suddenly mad ? Let go the bridle of my horse—this moment, sir—do you hear?" cried the Major, when he recovered utter ance, after the first pause of breathless astonishment. He did not know what to think of his companion, over whose countenance an extraordinary and most bewildering change had passed in a mo- ment of time. A strange flush of wild excitement glowed on the sunburnt cheek, and his eyes glittered with a light half mocking and half ferocious. Was this a madman, with whom be bad imprudently ventured his life in that lonely forest dell? "Let go, I tell you," he exclaimed, be tween contending feelings of anger and alarm, "or I'll teach you !" and he raised his riding whip with a menacing gesture. " Hold !" cried the other in a bold, de- termined voice, and as he spoke he again drew out his revolver, and covered the major with it. " Hold ! or you are a dead man ?" Those were not the tones, not the ges- tures of madness, but they were not the more re assuring. "You impudent blackguard!" roared the Major, too angry to consider conse- quences. " Don't think to use your blus- ter with me. Don't you know that I am a magistrate ?" " Yes!" said the other with a loud laugh. " And I am Black Robin, whom you are plotting to catch, but who has | been too deep foi- you —time. Ha. ! ha ! ha !" And the wild laughter rang out, and was caught up and prolonged by the echoes among the hills. Moments may seem longer than honrs sometimes, and those were bitter moments for the soldier and magistrate, while he stood facing the bushranger, and the hand of the latter lay lightly on the trig ger, which by a single hasty movement might go off. It was not fear that he felt, but raging anger, to think how stupidly he had suffered himself to be snared. Could he by a dextorous movement seize the arm that held the pistol, and dashing it to the ground, meet his treachorous ; opponent on equal terms, and close in a deadly struggle with him ? The other, quick as he was cunning, read his thought, and anticipated the movement. " It is no use, Major—stir, and I fire. Yield, man, or take the consequences. Be advised in time—life is sweet." The Major's arms fell sullenly to his side, as he uttered a deep imprecation. The bushranger laughed again; and once more, at that very moment, a long, low whistle was distinctly audible in the distance, blending strangely with the mocking laugh. "Don't blaspheme," be cried with saucy unconcern. "It does nfi good, and I hear that my friends the curlews are not far off. I can bring them to my side in a minute. But I prefer to do things quietly. I must have your horse, yon see, for I am hard up, and must help myself. I'll have to trouble you too for that suit of clothes of yours. " They're very nice, and mine are sadly the worse for wear." What depths of humiliation may await even the brave in this changeful life ! The Major looked helplessly round, but there was no possibility of escape. It was fatally true that there was nothing to be done but to submit, or die by that felon's hand. It is a fine thing to do on the field of battle, fighting for home and country, with thousands of spectators to watch your gallant deeds, and to hand down your name as a glorious inheritance to admiring posterity ; at least, we try to think so, when the necessity comes. But, to be shot down like a dog, by the hand of a common robber, and to be left lying, all unhonored and unsung," in a lonely forest dell, to become the prey of the fierce dingo and wild carrion crow ?—it were a wanton waste of life ! So Major Mornington deemed—and deemed wisely, no doubt under the cir- cuinstances. With deep, but impotent anger raging in his breast, he was fain, nevertheless, to make outward submis- sion, which was doubly galling to his pride, when he remembered his vain glorious speech of the morning. Slowly and sullenly he proceeded to divest him self of one garment after another—while the bushranger, having hung up the horses by the bridle to a low-stretching branch, coolly did the same, never, how ever, for a moment relaxing his cautious watch of his victim's movements. " I want a new suit badly!" he said cheerfully, as he examined each article in turn. " Mine was good ebough in its day, but I have taken the shine out of it, and besides it is a trifle too well known by this time. Don't trouble yourself to re- move the pocket-book, Major" (detecting a dexterous but ineffectual attempt on the part of the latter to conceal it). " It will come in fine and handy for me !" When the exchange of clothes had been effected, and the bushranger stood ar- rayed in the Major's fresh, well-made suit, he glanced at himself with keen satisfaction, and nimbly leaping on the other's horse, raised his hat to him with mock courtesy: " Good-bye !" he cried ; " I must not hope to meet you again, for I fear the meeting would not be pleasant for either of us; not for me certainly. Let me hope you bear no malice. We fellows must help ourselves as we can." He pointed out the direction the Major should take in order to recover the track. Finally, as he was riding away, he turned back as if by an after-thought, and draw ing out his revolver, threw it down on the ground where the Major stood, speechless with mortification and futile rage. " There!" and he laughed agaio. " You can have it now, for it has done its work to-day. It maybe useful to you, in case you meet some of my fellows by the way. And I don't mind telling you now—it isn't loaded. I shot off the last barrel to let the boys know where I was, and there was only a flash of powder in that, so it wouldn't hurt. Point it well and look dangerous. That answers all the purpose quite as well as if it were loaded, and is much less risky for the neck ! Ha, ha !" " You impudent scoundrel—" be gan the irate major, as he darted forward in the vain hope of arresting the bush ranger. " You " But the words fell on the empty air. The saucy rogue put spurs to the horse's side, and, being an agile rider and a light weight, was over the hill-top and out of sight, in what seemed a moment of time. Pursuit, with the jaded horse now left to him, was hopelpss, and the baffled magis trate paused in bis first breathless run, as he realised this fact, and uttered in a deep and angry tone, the solitary but significant word : "Sold?" Then he sat down ruefully, to think it all over. It seemed almost like a dream ; the whole thing had been done so quickly. The transformation of his lively com panion into the notorious bushranger, had been difficult to realise at first. Surprise bad to some extent paralysed him, and he felt horribly mortified to think how he had been doubly fooled. He looked down upon himself, in the dusty, soiled garments of the cunning thief, with disgust, but resolved that he would, by all means, keep the secret of his adventure from the outer world. Then, as there was nothing else to be done, he picked up the revolver, which he found to be unloaded, as the fellow had said, bestrode the jaded horse, and fearing lest the storm should overtake him, made the best of his way home. It was dark when lie arrived, and hav ing confided his experience to the wife of his bosom, they agreed to keep the mat ter close. It oozed out, however, after a time, as even the most carefully-kept secrets have somehow a knack of doing ; but the Major, having overcome the first smart of humiliation, had the grace to join in the laugh its narration invariably provoked. Black Robin meanwhile rode away tri umphantly on the stolen horse, and flourished for some time longer in his borrowed plumage. On quitting the Major, he fell in with a party of police, who bade him stand, and give an account of himself. "I am Major Mornington, he boldly said. The police, a fresh detachment, were not acquainted with the new magistrate's personal appearance, bnt they thought the man before them looked too young to be an officer on the retired list, and Robin, all unarmed as be was, ran immi nent risk of being taken up on suspicion. Perceiving that his statement was re- ceived with evident demur, the fellow, never at a loss, saucily held out his arm, and turning down the neat white cuff of the Major's shirt sleeve, said with a smile of superiority : "All right, my men. Look at the mark and satisfy yourselves." The chief cf the police was convinced, and became profuse in his apologies fer doubting the pseudo-magistrate's word. Black Robin graciously forgave him, and rode on, escaping once more, through the power of that matchless audacity which had helped him out of many a pre- vious scrape. The sequel of his wild, lawless career was tragic, as the termination of such lives rarely fails to be. There came a day when, brought to bay, he fought des- perately for sheer life, and the weapon he had carried for so long for rollicking intimidation was used in deadly earnest. He was outlawed, and lived for some time like a hunted wild beast, growing more reckless and ferocious. Every man's hand was against him, and at laBt he was tracked to his last hiding place, and in the scuffle that ensued, while be struggled to break through the line of his captors, he was shot down, thus escaping the gallows, which otherwise had surely awaited him. 