CORRYONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, 6th inst., will be a white-letter day in the history of the Upper Murray, for on that date Nature, in a somewhat humorous mood, conspired to give us a surprise in the shape of a downfall of snow, investing the country round with a snowy mantle some three or four inches deep. Hills, trees, and fences put on the appearance of a true English winter, and as the multitudinous flakes came whirling down, the wintry scenes of the old mother- land were vividly recalled, and one began to wonder whether it was a surreptitious visit from old Father Christmas, and felt inclined to look round for the yule-log. I am not aware what the recollections of that venerable individual the "oldest inhabitant" may be with reference to the appearance of snow in such widespread profusion. I have no doubt he could beat the record of Monday, the 6th, but according to my observation, the visitation of a genuine drift of snow may be looked for about once in seven years, quantity a desideratum not to be fully specified. Cattle and horses seemed about as much surprised as anyone else and after wandering disconsolately over the snow-covered paddocks in search of their usual provender, they gathered in groups, and with grave aspect appeared to be considering the problem as to where the grass had gone to, anxiously wondering, no doubt, by what magic the "fields of living green" were made to disappear. Snow suggests snowballing, and I hear that many indulged in the hilarious old pastime — in fact I had a romp myself, and as I had only females to deal with I thought my snowballing abilities would shine to advantage, but alack! the said females made a most determined attack, I was routed from my position, and, white as the ghost of Hamlet's father, I fled from the field, leaving the Amazons triumphant. Snow may be very picturesque, etc., but I rather think that our graziers would prefer seeing it at a distance — say on the hoary summit of Kosciusko. I have received a letter from Mr. J. Doran, of Towong, wherein he requests me to convey his most sincere thanks through the medium of these columns to the people of Corryong for the practical kindness and sympathy extended to himself and family during his daughter's severe affliction. It will be remembered that the little girl was seriously injured by an explosion of gunpowder, and that at one time her condition was extremely critical. The little sufferer was placed under the care of Dr. Gillespie, of Corryong, and Mr. Doran desires me to say that it was entirely owing to the skill and effective treatment of that gentleman that his daughter recovered, gratefully averring that the doctor "cannot get praise enough" for his masterly treatment of a case so critical. I have much pleasure in conveying Mr. Doran's thankful acknowledgments to the Corryong people, who have always shewn practical sympathy in every case of affliction and distress, and who, I am sure, will be glad to learn that the little girl is doing well. Talk about celebrating the Queen's Jubilee! My old friend, Mr. James Russell, M.L.A. for Ballarat East, has hit upon one of the most commendable expedients for commemorating that much-vaunted event. James is a Scotchman, a thorough out- and-out gentleman, a perfect original in many of his notions, and with pious reverence he scarcely ever gives a public speech without quoting a choice bit of wisdom from "my auld gran'mither," who superintended his orphan childhood. Although by no means a wealthy man, Mr. Russell, with characteristic generosity and originality, is going to make use of the Queen's Jubilee as a pretext for the gratuitous distribution of one hundred loads of firewood among the poor. The quoted "jubilee" is only a pretext, for, good man, his charitable bestowments are ever finding their way into the dwellings of poverty, and with his kindly heart, sunny smile, and cheery voice, he is simply adored among the poor, and long after he has passed away his memory will be proudly and gratefully cherished. Coronat finis opus, James! 