Australian Tales and Adventures. » No. 17. FIFTY LASHES. By ATHA- CHAPTER I. A fall summer moon overhead, casting bars of soft sheen athwart the trees in the publio Domain, Auckland, New Zealand. On a rustic bench, beneath the wide- spread- ing branches of a giant Kanri pine, sat a balf- caste Maori girl, and by her side a tall hand some youth, wearing the dark-bine uniform of Oaversham's Horse. No Spanish beauty could boast a more glorious beauty of face and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother — daughter of the old Maori Chieftain, Te Puke, fell in love, and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant in the 6— th regiment, and with her hand came many broad aores in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon converted into a good payable estate. While Kiora was yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside the city, and sent his daughter to a boarding sohool until she became old enough to take oharge of his household. " And so you are going to morrow, Charlie !" she asks timidly, at the same time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. "Must it really be to- morrow ?" "Really and truly, Kiora," he answered. " The horses were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." " How dreadful this war is," she says in a low tone. " Ah, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly and see those mad fanatics, the rebels, murder and plunder inno cent people. Since Rewi was driven out of Waikato, the Government have done all in their power to induce the dissatisfied Maoris to lay down their arms, and live at peace with their Pakeha neighbours, but you see it is of no avail. Tipore and bis crazy brother have roused the Taranski tribes to open re bellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one Charles Stanton from enjoying his Christmas dinner ander the same roof as Kiora Selby." "Dear Charlie, no one can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora," she answers softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stoops down ward nntil his monstaohe reaches Kiora's ripe red lips, and — well, the moon only knows what took place, for he was watching them. Hi Moonship sees many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely evening, there was no exception to the rale, for he observed olose by where Charlie and his companion billed and eooed at eaoh other, the form of a man, cronohing low down behind a thick scrub; whioh completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching — a man with a pale, vile-looking face, whioh peered out at them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had three narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non- commissioned officer. During a long chat, such as lovers usually indulge, the watcher never stirred from his bent position ; but listened to every word ottered with a greed that was only born of deep and absorb ing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that he drew further into the shade, and in so doing made a noise whioh attraoted the girl's attention. "What was that, Charlie?" she oried, nestling herself close to the side of that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. " " What is the matter, dear ?" " Did you not bear a rustling noise ? It sounded close by that bash there," she said. " Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange fancies to-night," he said gaily. "First it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for us. Now it is a noise as of some lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, there is nothing — Bave perchance some grasshopper looking for its mate." " Oh, Charlie, I would give all I possess in the world to prevent you going to Taranaki," she eaid, with sudden energy. "Nonsense. . Why ?" "Because I have one morbid fancy that when we j.-art to night it will be for ever." " My darling, I " "Listen to me, Charlie. Do you believe in dreams?" "Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams, nothing more." \- The maiden nestled her Bmall head — crowned with a coronet of glossy raven hair — closer to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said : " I had a terrible dream the night before last— a dream in whioh I saw what took place as plain as I can Bee those trees before me now." " What did you see, Kiora ?" "An encampment of armed men, Bituate on the margin cf a lovely lake, and sur rounded on every hand fay high ragged bills, treeless and barren in the extreme," she re sponded, in a low hushed tone. " Beyond the tents on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a solid square of glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts stand ing upright. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for Bhe had begun to shiver like one in a ague fit. " Did you recognise the features of the un fortunate fellow at the triangles ?" he asked presently. " I did." " And you knew him ?" " Yes." "Who was he, Kiora?" " Yourself, Charlie I Oh, the unutterable anguish depicted there 1 Oh, the misery and the despair, and the sickening dreadfnl blows that fell npon my ears like some shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear ! Yet I was compelled to gaze until the dread fnl wok was ended. Then I heard a loud shout away towards the cliffs, and looking thence, beheld a great horde of Maori warriors ruBh like a mighty avalanche upon the square of armed men, and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became ohaos and con fusion, intermingled with shouts and eries, and a vision of the man who had been de graded mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bloody baok glistening conspicuously above the crowded mele until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more." Charlie Stanton stood silent for a moment. A feeling of some nameless dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off, and replied in a bantering way : "Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been said by certain crusty old baohelois that dreams are like ladies, they follow the rale of contrary. Come hold np your head, my dear, I shall retnm to you 'ere the new year is many weeks old, with all my honors. Think npon me." " I fervently trust you may, dear Charlie," she replied. Then, suddenly lifting her head: " Charlie, I want you to make me a promise — a solemn promise." " Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to pro mise? " "That you will refrain from taking ene drop of intoxioating liquor until you return to Auckland." "You little tyrant," he cried, laughingly. " You would like to set a trap for me. You have your tea without stint — which the doc tors say is rank poison — and yet one is to be deprived of hiB glass of grog, simply because that giddy head of yours has been running too much on wars and rumours of wars. But, sweet Kiora, let us change the subjeot. How lovely the night is." ?-They went out into the soft glow, arm in arm — she pleading for his promise —he, laugh ingly, resisting her. Onward down the green slopes, strewn with mnrky shadows, that seemed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. By-and-bye the lurking figure came forth from his lair, and stood up in the full light of the moon — a tall dark man, abont thirty years of age, face sallow and closely shaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. " So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy," he mattered, apostrophizing himself, a sinister gleam in his eyes the while. " Why, who would have thought the ring doves would select this spot for their sanseless ohatter ?— almost under my nose. Humph 1 My limbs are racked with cramp. Confound tbem both. What the devil can there be about this weak puling dandy, that Bhe mast prefer him to a better man. Aye, one, who cares more for her than ha does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watching the direction they had taken. "There ye go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip band of me, but take oare, my lad, I don't ob6ekmate you. For ten years you and I bave been what modern society calls friend3, Charlie ; but modern society "little dreams how I bate your friendship. It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud wench — who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field, Charlie, mon chcrc. Well, well, I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I hav9 the cue, my weak-minded epark, and it Bball go hard, but I will use it to advantage when opportunity offers." He followed in the wake of the lovers with a alow and meditative step, his head bent, and his hands clasped behind his baok. " If my friend Stanton has one pet viae above another, that vioe is drink," he mut tered, pausing in his walk. " Not a sot, who loves to tipple alone, until he is speechless, oh, dear no ; but one of your gentlemanly, sooial Bonis, who cannot say nay when it is placed under his nose. Let him promise if he will, he cannot resist it. I have studied the man. Twice has he risen to the rank of sergeant since the corps was formed, and eaoh time degraded to the ranks again through the love of good liquor. So, so. Charlie, all's fair in love and war. Therefore I'll bait my line and angle for yon my friend. Once landed, I see my way clear to la "belle Kiora, and her broad acres." Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's Horse, in creased bis pace, crossed the park, and entered the street ; thence bis walk became slower, nntil he reached Shortland Place. Here he halted, and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. ' There must have been something very at tractive here to engage the sergeant's atten- tention, for he remained on the spot close npon two hours. He was still waiting and watching, when a young man issued from the house, humming a favorite opera air. " Hollo, Charlie I well met, dear boy. Where have you been ?" cried Exley in a sur prised, yet pleasant tone. "Jnet run over to bid the Selbys good bye," replied Stanton. " But what are you doing down this way, Exley ?" " Ah, taking a walk under the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity of viewing the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you." " Why ?" "Because I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to meet one or two jolly fellows, to take a parting glass. You will join me of course." " My dear Exley, nothing would give me greater pleasure, but " "But what?" " The truth is," stammered Charlie, " I have made a promise not to touch liquor of any kind until I return from Taranaki." " Phew," whistled the Sergeant. " I'm sorry for that, inasmuch a3 you will miss a bowl of the best punch, and one or two of the most ccmio dogs in New Zealand. Good night." Sergeant Exley turned npon his heel, but Stanton caught him by the arm. " Hold hard, Exley. We sail early in the morning ; it's almost morning already, there fore I'm with yon. I oan accompany you without breaking my word, eh?" 513 " Certainly." 1 And the aDgler went in with his intended dupe, and brought him forth in the grey light of the dawning day, staggering, uproarious, | and with his promise shattered to the winds. i CHAPTER II. | \- - - j There are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rugged than the Oban Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers had formed their bivouac on the 24 :h of IX-o., in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. i It wa3 Christmas Eve, the time night, s cairn lovely night, with moon and stars etud ding the dark blue canopy of heaven. The camp was composed of eix hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hiil adjacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty .men of the troop, ten of their number had been told off as guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. . The 3upply of grog and provisions were only . limited, and needed but one sentry at a time ! to keep watch and ward over them. Tnere were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row, flankiDg the stores, — a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor , tippler who chanced to have charge in the ' still dead night, with no eye looking on. i This idea appeared to have taken posses- ! sion of the sergeant, for he called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said : ! " Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are ander martial law here on the field. ; Colonel Bartopp. as you all know, is a very Btrict officer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will moat assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?" i They appeared . to understand very well that drunkenness would be punished . only with the lash, and they glanced towards the ram-puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to eon- aern himself about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly- looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra firma, it one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the ser geant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a magnificent wate r-spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared | equally interesting to another individual, viz., ' a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who ' stood by with mouth agape. i The boy, who answered the nom de place of " Sanfly," was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock-about amongst the troopere. He could speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen wind, whioh made theair biting cold, and set the whole tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner be neath the tarpaulin whioh oovered the stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained by it, — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no two men ! were more opposite in person and disposition. ; The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined j in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusilan- j imity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet j obstinate and determined as a bulldog. _ How j same these opposite b to befriends? Simply , through one little act of kindness. At the j storming of the Maori stronghold "Te ( Ranga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out- j aide the enemy's trench, from a severe gash ! in his side received during the attack. The ; Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of ; his life Charles Stanton walked coolly out to ; the trench, and brought in the wounded man ; upon his back, amidst a perfect bailatqrm of | Maori ballets. It was a gallant, kindly act, , and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in : language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog g between them, and a small flask o! rum, which : has beon emptied to thedregs ia fighting their ; Waikato campaign over again. a i Presently there is a ball for number four or the guard. Charlie Stanton riees hurriedly, : wishes Cable "good-night," and answers . " Here." _ ! It is his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. | Silence now reigns throughout the oamp, j save for the wild soreeoh of the pelew out j yonder by the lake. . ; Sanfly Grouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is snddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in tho vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a panpican in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone. _ " Indeed Charlie. I see no great harm in a glass of grog on suoh a cold night. We arc not in town where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of coarse you are on sentry, and can prevent ray taking any, but I must say a small half-pint out of one of theBS casks would never be mis sed." " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly, " Pray do as you please, you have command of the gnard;but I say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general orders, and Colonel Bartopp'a Btern discipline ?" The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders- general or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to the end of the chap ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watoh through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here ready at our hand ? " " Bravo, Exley ! Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter-master, hut I repeat, ycu are my superior officer, and — there us the casks." " Good. This fellow here seems a little apoplectic, we will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole ? " oried Charlie, laugh ing. " No 1 Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spile this fellow's frontis piece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant lopk at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had the good- natured inconstant dupe seen that look, he would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. ' But Charlie Stanton, measuring the man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sanfly beheld Exley holding the panni- oan over a thin stream issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into the pot 1 When the utensil was full, Cbarlio held his thumb to the hole ! until the surgesnt plugged it up again. ' " Now, comrade, take a nip." " After you," said Charlie, modestly. " The girls we left behind us," and the ser geant put the liquor to hi3lips, but he did not drink any. " I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of whioh ho almost emptied the pannican at a draught. It took away his breatli for the nonce, but that was nothing — si e i i ,ht was cold. ' What do you say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ? " " B;- all means, Exley, and the pot was re plenished. " I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general." said the sentry, seating himself on ono of tho puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees, " Gome, Clem, take a sip and pass the de canter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once mo;e refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty degrees over proof, an( soon began to tell upou the troopers. " We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie beoame rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting officer before four o'clock."' "Ob, bother the visiting officer — pass the nappy, Cieru." " I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Char lie ? " " Not at All. I am content to remain here until daylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The sergeant watched him with glistening eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," he said. "II nonsense. Here, hold my carbine, the pot is empty." One p.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half- hour tli9 poor dupe i3 staggering about, moralising to the empty air, like one of Con- grevo's heroes. He will have another sip of tho liquor, and ha has his way, for he is beyond reason now. The ram ha3 mastered him completely ; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundlo of humanity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking — ye Gods 1 such rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his glory. The offioer of the night begins bis rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. the Commissariat Guard turned ont at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. - "Hew many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley?" " Only one, Captain I" " I will visit him." It was usnal for two men of the guard at the noncommissioned officer in charge I, accompany the officer when visiting the sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, who oonducted the captain over to the stores, bnt of coarse there was no one to challenge their approach. "Halt," cried the offioer, "how's thisf where is yonr man, sergeant ?" he asked in i tone of emprise. N Before the question oould be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark innert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched npon the floor fast asleep. A light was bronght from the tent and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how the man got drunk on his post.- The leaking cask, the gimlet, and the pannican half full of liquor on the ground beBide him, told its own tale plainly. " This is a very unfortunate matter," oried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. " What is to be done, sir ?" "Done I why your duty, Sergeant Exley, of oourse," responded the captain, "Carry the poor devil to the guard-tent, and put another man in his stead. "I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night !" Morning came with its rosy blush tinging - the hill- tops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into renewed life.. It found .Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard-tent where his unfortunate victim lay slnmbering off the fumes of intoxication. " Is this bnt the prelude to her dream ?" be muttered. " Gad, it would seem so. Hero are the oircle of hills around, bare and treeless overlooking the valley below. Yonder the Ohan Lake gleaming in the early sun lilra a burnished shield. What more? Shall tho curtain rise to-day upon the first, act of the dream ? — the formed square, and the man tied to the triangles? We Bhall see. Charles Stanton, it wonld have been well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt see the cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voioe of Sanfly was heard call ing for Soap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad- in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tentoconpied by Bob Cable. C To he continued.) Never read by twilight, moonlight, or on cloudy days. Economical Cookery. One of the greatest troubles with young housekeepers is the meat. We arc so apt to get too much, especially where tho family is so small. One pound of steak, three or four for a stow and a four or five pound roast is a great plenty for a family of three. If tire object is to getbreakfast quickly, as it is with me, I try to liavo potatoes enough left from dinner the day before to warm over for breakfast. Now there are warmed over potatoes and warmed over potatoes. I have seen tliose that it was a wonder to me how any one could cab them. First slice them and put them into a frying pan with a good- sized piece of battel-, popper salt and some good sweet milk. , Placethem over the fire and keep chopping and stirring with. a knife, adding more milk occasionally. .When they are very fine and the pieces adhere together they are cooked sufficiently. Some chop the potatoes first in a chopping- - bowl, but I do not like them as well that way. If you have fresh steak, either broil or fry. I suppose we who use soft coal may say we fry our steak now, after the able defense our sister gave us last week. If you have cold meat, either baked or broiled, a good way to warm it is to slice in thin slices, and fry quickly a delicate brown in butter. Or another way : -cut — ' the cold meat (any kind of fresh meat will do) into small mouthfuls, put in a 3tew pan w'ith water enough to cover, and let stew ten or fifteen minutes. Acid a lump "of butter, pepper and salt. Make a thickening of a little flour rubbed smooth with water and thicken, taking care not to get it very thick. The various clubs of European moun taineers have built huts as places of refuge in the Alps, Pyrenees, and Carpathian moun- lains, to the number of two hundred and sixty seven in all. The highest is on the Matterhorn, over twelve thousand feet above the sea-level ; the lowest, in Transylvania, about fifteen hundred feet. Of -the entire number, two hundred and four are. in the Alps. -An order of knighthood has been con ferred by the German Emperor upon Sir Joseph Lyster. the eminent British surgeon, whose anti septic method of surgery has made his name known all over the world. 