MONDAY, MARCH 7, 1887. Last week we published two very significant cable messages bearing on the situation in the New Hebrides—one from REUTER'S agent, the other from our London correspondent. Members of the French Chambers are said to have been rendered uneasy by the approaching Imperial conference, and to favour the idea of a friendly inter- change of views between the French Premier and the Australian " delegates " before the conference meets. Representatives of the Australian colonies, who have been invited to discuss certain clearly defined matters which are of interest to the whole empire, may be trusted to avoid risky excursions into diplomacy at this juncture. Either fortunately or unfortunately, diplomatic action in the matter now rests solely in the hands of the British Foreign and Colonial Secretaries. Their action may appear to some curiously tardy, but the colonies have agreed to await it with as much patience as circumstances permit. So far as colonial " action " is concerned, the agents-general of the various colo- nies are fully empowered to lay before the French Government the opinion of their respective Ministries and Parlia- ments—about the French proceedings in the New Hebrides, and there is abun- dant evidence that for some months past they have not been remiss in doing so. It is difficult to believe at this time of day that French politicians, or any section of Frenchmen, are really and honestly in the dark as to Australian opinion on the subject. With every desire to credit M. GOBLET'S Government with good intentions in the abstract, it is difficult to believe that Australian dele- gates to the conference can tell them anything which they did not know before. Should the proposal tele- graphed out here merely mean that the French Minister is anxious to obtain, at first hand, from representa- tive Australian statesmen, fuller ex- planation on points which may possibly be in doubt, there would be little objection to one or more of the dele- gates to the conference accompanying any of the agents-general to Paris, and discussing the situation with M. GOBLET viva voce. It is conceivable that the French Government are seeking a decent pretext for " rectifying " their position in the New Hebrides, where they have committed, on a small scale, the most flagrant breach of international faith of the century. An exchange of views, provided no slur be thrown upon the agents-general, is not inadmissible. What the delegates to the conference should carefully avoid is a trap. Rabid Anglo- phobists in Paris may have formed some wild hopes of sowing dissension between colonists themselves on the New Hebrides question ; indeed it is conceivable that the French press, and a few French politicians who are hopelessly ill-informed about men and things in this part of the world, have come to the conclusion that all Australian " delegates " resemble the notorious Mr. JOHN NORTON, and are therefore likely enough to vilify Aus- tralia, and to cringe to French audiences as soon as they get to Paris. The formal instructions from their respective Governments which the Australian delegates to the Conference doubtless carry with them, and the fact that no step is likely to be taken without the approval of Lord SALISBURYand Sir HENRY HOLLAND, are, we should hope, guarantees that no mistake will be made if M. GOBLET'S offer is persisted in. A report of the speech delivered by Mgr. FREPPEL, Bishop of Angers, in the French Chamber, on the 22nd January, during a debate on Colonial affairs, has been received by Saturday's mail. The Bishop, no doubt, looks forward to a campaign against the Presbyterian missionaries in the New Hebrides as glorious as that carried on in the Loyalty Islands against Mr. JONES and the native Christian converts. According to the Standard report :— " Speaking of the declaration made in 1878 by M. d'Harcourt, French ambassador in London, concerning the disinterestedness of France in the New Hebrides, the speaker said that he considered that it could only have expressed the intentions of the Govern- ment then in power, and that it could not be regarded as in any way engaging the future action of the French Government. Cir- cumstances had altered materially since then." The Bishop omits to mention that the " declaration " was formally re- newed by the French Government three and a half years ago. The doctrine that one generation cannot bind another would appear to be bor- rowed from the Socialists, who have argued from it that public debts ought to be repudiated. Applied to international obligations it is only an extension of the old dogma of the Bishop's church, " that no faith should " be kept with heretics." The Bishop further expressed regret that the New Hebrides were not included in the official list of French colonies. His whole speech was warmly applauded by the " Centre " party in the Chamber. The Times, commenting on this mis- sionary harangue, says :— " Having declared that neither England nor Australia has any rights in the matter of the New Hebrides, and that France conse- quently has a free hand to deal with them just as she will, he adds that a declaration on the part of the French Government that they shall not be used for the creation of a penal settlement will be amply sufficient to dispel all alarms. We doubt if the Australian colonies will be as easily satisfied as Mgr. Freppel thinks. What, they might ask, could be the value of a prospective declaration put by Mgr. Freppel into the mouth of a Govern- ment which would have disclaimed the most explicit assurances of their predecessors and have set at naught the most indisputable treaty engagements before the occasion could arise at which such a declaration would need to be made? It could only be by a breach of public faith that France would be in a position to create a penal settlement in the New Hebrides. The ad- viser who suggests that she should break faith once would have no scruple in urging a repetition of the course, if it happened to be found convenient a second time." No member of the Chamber, official or unofficial, replied to this speech. Spite, of this rather ominous silence, it is possible that, the " glamour " of the triumph won for France in the New Hebrides having worn off, the Ministry may be seeking an excuse for retracing their steps, and if the delegates to the Imperial Conference can make a " golden bridge " for them, no harm will be done by the suggested inter- view. The Conservative Ministry in Great Britain appears to be visited by as many successive misfortunes as fell upon PHARAOH before the children of Israel parted company with him. Since July last Lords IDDESLEIGH and BARRINGTON have died, Lords R. CHURCHILL and DUNRAVEN have resigned. The re- signation of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, Sir MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH, in consequence of an affliction so lament- able as the threatened loss of eye- sight, is now announced, and it will will leave the Ministry weaker in debat- ing power and in administrative strength. This fresh misfortune to the Ministry may be attributed by pious Glad- stonians to the displeasure of Providence with a coercion Government. They may may be trusted to give full effect to the PHARAOH precedent. According to some accounts, Sir M. H. BEACH erred while at the head of the Irish Executive on the side of leniency towards the enemies of law and order in Ireland, but probably he had his secret trials, and certainly no better man could be named for the post. The colonies would have been glad to have had him as Secretary of State once more. A statesman's illness is often opportune, but from the tone of Lord SALISBURY'S speech, telegraphed this morning, it would appear that the separation of the Irish Secretary from the Cabinet is a friendly one. Mr. ARTHUR JAMES BALFOUR, who succeeds him in Dublin, is Lord SALISBURY'S nephew. He is member for East Manchester and Secre- tary for Scotland. In the latter country he was extremely popular with men of all parties, being a courteous, cultivated, and liberal-minded English gentleman. In Ireland the new Chief Secretary will, of course, have to deal with a whole people in a state of implacable indigna- tion with British rule, tempered by the shrewd knowledge that they are very well off indeed under Her MAJESTY'S present Government. The state of Ireland is a little better than it was when Mr. W. E. FORSTER went there to part with his illusions. By this time no Irish Secretary can possibly entertain any illusions about the thankless and disagreeable nature of the work which Mr. BALFOUR has just undertaken. The Board for the Protection of the Aborigines has discovered a duty in carry- ing out the provisions of the Amended Act of last session, and also a very rea- sonable objection to the proposed gather- ing of the aborigines for the inspection and entertainment of HIS EXCELLENCY. The law, which is now to have effect so far as the board has influence or power, certainly ought not to remain a dead letter. It was not passed without good reason and the light of competent knowledge. The half- castes have never made much progress towards the virtues of the white civili- sation while in residence on the stations, and during their frequent truant or holiday times, have become thoroughly educated, not in ordinary white vices only, but in utter con- tempt of all rules and regulations. And, indeed, often the aboriginal station life seemed to break down and destroy their self-reliance without giving them any compensating training or wholesome respect for discipline. The purpose of the act is to force all half- castes into habitual contact with the ordinary discipline and requirements of civilised life, to place the children on a level with state orphans, and, as far as possible, to compel those of mature years to give what we must for our own credit's sake consider as the better side of their nature a chance to work. Care is to be taken that no unnecessary hardship is inflicted, and with ample opportunity full provision will be made until the act comes into full operation. As to the proposal for a great gathering and grand corroboree, that could not have made by any man with a fair knowledge of the nature and habits of the blacks, and an honest desire for their welfare. The seductions of a corroboree are irresistible wherever the faintest trace of the black blood is found. In the neighbouring colonies, where large numbers still exist, the summons to such a gathering is answered as was the fiery cross in the Highlands of Scotland, though with very different intent. Men and women who have endured the restraints of civilisation through years burst all bonds, and travel down to the rendezvous absolute savages, as were their ancestors of three generations back. Adelaide, Sydney, and Melbourne are each to have their exhibitions, following the one upon the other. While these shows are in operation, if not before, we may hope that an English, American, and European precedent will be acted upon. An exhibition is a centre for excursion trains. Given a Paris exhibi- tion, and cheap excursions for the working classes and others are arranged from all parts of England. An exhibition in London is an occasion, not only for trips from the provinces, but also for an inva- sion from the Continent. The occasion should be turned to account here. We have spoken of cheap trips between the capitals before now. The jubilee year and the exhibition year should not pass off without them. To be bene- ficial they must be as cheap as those farmers' excursions which Mr. SPEIGHT has organised, if not cheaper, for the object is not so much to make money as to lead to a large visiting between the colonies, and so to promote intercolonial good feeling. For the bulk of the community the capitals are still much too far apart. For travellers, of course, steamers and mail trains render the journey easy enough and cheap enough, but the ordinary holiday-maker is shut out by time in the one instance and money in the other. No one would grudge one or two very cheap excursions, indeed, between the capitals during the Jubilee- Exhibition era—an excursion at rates that would tempt thousands. The only objection that can be conceived of is from the steamship owners, and we do not think they would suffer. The ex- cursions would only be an affair of days. They would soon be over, while a taste for travelling, we might hope, would remain for the ultimate benefit of the cheap steamers rather than of the dear railways. The R.M.S.S. Garonne of the Orient line, arrived yesterday morning. The mails for Victoria and New South Wales were de- spatched overland from Adelaide, and were received at Spencer-street on Saturday morn- ing. The New Zealand portion was brought on by the steamer. Amongst the passengers by the Garonne were Earl Cairns and Mr. H. H. Romilly, C.M.G. The R.M.S.S. Carthage arrived yesterday from Sydney, and will leave here on Thurs- day next for London. The Right Rev. Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney, is a passenger by the Carthage. He was met on arrival by Mr. T. T. A'Beckett, registrar of the diocese of Melbourne, and the Rev. Canon Sarjeant, Mr. Donald Larnach, chairman of the board of directors in London of the Bank of New South Wales, is also a passenger by the Car- thage. Mr. Larnach has been on a visit to Sydney. His Excellency Lord Carrington left for Sydney on Saturday night by a special train, which left the Spencer-street station at 10 o'clock. A telegram from Sydney, published in The Argus of Saturday last, states that at the request of the Imperial authorities a special committee of defence has been appointed by the Government of New South Wales, and that similar committees are to be appointed in each of the other colonies of Australasia, for the consideration of matters affecting their general protection. The latter state- ment is not correct so far as Victoria is concerned. A communication was received from the home Government some months ago, asking for full information as to the defences of the colony and the pro- posed plan of operations in the event of attack, all of which has been furnished. The object of the Imperial authorities is to enable the Admiralty and War Office to con- sider the means of defence and the steps contemplated to prevent invasion, not only with a view to the suggestion of improve- ments, but also to arrange for concerted action by the Imperial and colonial forces. This is in accordance with the recommenda- tions of a Royal Commission on the Defence of the Empire. The Minister of Defence has taken home complete plans of the forts and detailed particulars of the Victorian flotilla, &c.;, which will be placed at the disposal of the Imperial authorities. Mr. Langdon, M.L.A., has entered a pro- test against the proposed alienation of territory under the agreement with the Chaffey Bros., on the ground that alienation of Crown lands is contrary to the spirit of recent legislation and opposed to the wishes of the people. ln view of the fact that the subject was fully considered by Parliament towards the close of last session, however, the Government will pay no heed to this pro- test, and the Chaffey agreement is to be ratified without delay. A question has arisen as to the right of the Victorian Government to grant the Chaffey Bros. permission to utilise water from the Murray for irrigation purposes, pending an agreement between the three colonies interested, New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia, but no difficulty is anticipated on that score. Nearly the whole of the water of the Murray is derived from its tributaries flowing through the territories of New South Wales and Victoria and the Government of South Australia could raise no objection to the taking of water from those streams, otherwise the right of Mel- bourne to obtain supplies from the Yan Yean, and the right of the Government to supply Sandhurst and Castlemaine from the Coliban, might be open to question. New South Wales and Victoria arrived some time ago at a tentative agreement with regard to the utilisation of the Murray waters, and both colonies will probably be ready to make any reasonable concession to South Australia. It is to their interest to see that nothing is done to lower the natural level of the Mur- ray, because that would interfere with navi- gation. The Murray in Victoria nnd New South Wales, however, is a different stream from the Murray in South Australia. Reliable gaugings extending over a period of years are held to show that a large proportion of the water which flows into the channel of the Murray, from its tributaries in Victoria and New South Wales, never reaches South Australia, but leaks through the bed of the river, and it is confidently asserted by engi- neers that the proposed diversion of a por- tion of the waters of the Murray will not lower the level of the river in South Australia. A Royal Commission was recently appointed by the Government of the colony to inquire into the question as affecting the riparian rights of landowners in South Australia, and on the return of Mr. Deakin, the president of the Victorian Commission, a conference is to be held, and it is probable that an agreement will be arrived at by the three colonies. Mr. Pearson, Minister of Education, has re- turned from South Australia, and he resumed his official duties on Saturday. Mr. Nimmo, Minister of Public Works, also arrived in Melbourne on Saturday, after paying a visit of inspection to the works at the new Gipps- land Lakes Entrance. He will shortly con- sider the question whether the Government should be asked to bear a portion of the loss sustained by the contractors owing to the recent destructive storm. The first original application for authority to form an irrigation and water supply trust under the new act was made by the Echuca Shire Council, the boundaries of their proposed trust district comprising about 130,000 acres within the counties of Rodney and Bendigo. Considerable progress has been made towards the carrying out of the scheme, which, it is confidently expected, will greatly promote the prosperity of the district. The Minister of Water Supply recently re- ceived an exhaustive report on the project by Mr. Walter Scott Murray, engineer and surveyor, of Kyneton. The papers have been examined by the officers of the department, and found to be in order, and the Minister has referred the plans to Mr. G. J. Burke, an engineer who has had considerable experience in Indian irrigation works, for exami- nation and report in accordance with the provisions of section 17 of the Irrigation Act. Having completed a preliminary ex- amination of the papers, Mr. Burke will visit the locality in the course of the present week, to make a personal inspection. Mr. Murray estimates that about 15,000 acres will be irrigated by means of water obtained from the Campaspe River, to a depth of 12in. per acre per annum. The main channel will have a length of 25 miles, and the total extent of the distributing channels will be 70 miles. In addition to wheat, barley, and oats, the crops chiefly grown in the district, a regular supply of water will enable the settlers to raise vines, oranges, lemons, olives, maize, lucerne, sorghum, potatoes, &c.;, the soil being rich and the climate suitable. The town of Rochester, which has a population of 600, will be furnished with water for do- mestic purposes. The total cost of the works is estimated at £50,000, which amount it is proposed to borrow from the Government. The annual charges, including £3,000 for interest and sinking fund, will, it is com- puted, amount to £5,800, and the annual revenue from a shilling rate and a charge of 6s. 6d. per acre for irrigation is put down at £5,906. It is asserted that the construction of the irrigation works will double the capital value of the land, which is estimated at £500,000 sterling. When supplied with water the land will be cut up into smaller holdings, and the population of the agricul- tural portion of the district, which is now about 2,000, may be expected to increase con- siderably. The Acting Minister of Defence (Mr. J. Bell) made a visit of inspection to the vessels of the Victorian squadron on Friday after- noon last. He was accompanied by the act- ing commandant of the naval forces, Captain Fullarton. The Cerberus was first visited, and there the Minister was received by Com- mander Collins and Lieutenant Gough. The crew were practised in turret-gun drill, and a close inspection was made of the machinery, the guns, the turrets, the various flats and decks, and the crown wheels, which it is proposed to renew with phosphor bronze. The rapidity and correctness of semaphore signalling was illustrated by communications exchanged with other ships of the squadron, and in this the Minister was much interested. The party were next conveyed to the Albert, where they saw the 6in. and 8in. guns manned by the crew ; and from thence they went on board the gunboat Victoria, where they were shown the position of the new 6in. gun, the fittings for which are now in course of construction. The torpedo station was afterwards visited, and there the manner of charging and running torpedoes was ex- plained by Lieut. P. M. Hely-Hutchinson. The torpedo boats on the slip were inspected, and the afternoon's work was concluded with a visit to the Nelson, with the appearance and condition of which the Minister was highly gratified. The Cerberus will probably make a trip to the Heads on Thursday next for the purpose of testing the new turret sights, and making an inspection of various blind channels in the bay. The registration of factories and work rooms has proceeded more satisfactorily since the institution of legal proceedings against occupiers who have neglected to re-register as required by the Factories and Shops Act. Out of a total of about 2,000 in the colony, no fewer than 1,833 have registered up to date. A number of summonses were issued last week against occupiers of factories and workrooms in country districts, and the cases will be heard before their respective courts during the present mouth. The greater part of these summonses were issued at Bal- larat and Geelong. In all cases in which proceedings have hitherto been taken the persons summoned have admitted their de- fault and paid the requisite fees, together with the legal costs incurred, and in no in- stance has the liability to register been disputed. The chief inspector of fac- tories expects that by the end of the current month every factory and work room in the colony will have been registered. Few complaints have been made concerning the operation of the new act so far as it relates to factories and workrooms, and many of the persons interested have ex pressed themselves pleased with its results, which are regarded as beneficial alike to employers and employed ; but the inequitable arrangements under the portion of the act applying to shops constitute a cause of continual unpleasantness, and the Government will be urged to introduce an amending bill next session, with the object of securing greater uniformity throughout the colony. It has been sug- gested to the Chief Secretary that a modifica- tion of the hour of closing might be accepted as a compromise and that in view of the division of opinion among the shopkeepers on the subject of early closing, the amend- ing bill must be framed on a conciliatory basis to be anything like generally accep- table to the trading community. The Railway Commissioners have given their decision upon the report which they re- ceived from Messrs. R. H. Francis and Alison D. Smith with reference to the acci- dent which occurred in the Spencer-street railway station on Thursday last. The re- port showed that the responsibility for the accident lay with Driver Ward, who had charge of the engine. He, by his own ad- mission, relied upon the continuous brake to stop the train, and in doing so he committed a breach of the regulations, which provide that the continuous brake shall not be used in entering a terminal station. The object of this regulation is to prevent accidents of this kind by compelling engine- drivers to bring their trains into terminal stations at such a rate of speed that they may be pulled up by the ordinary hand-brake, so that no risk of over-running shall be incurred. Driver Ward bears a good character, and the Rail- way Commissioners took this into account in determining the punishment which they should impose. They resolved that he should be reduced to the grade of a fireman for six months, at the end of which time his case will again be considered. Th fireman of the engine is held to be not entirely free from blame ; but as he acted under the orders of his driver, the Railway Commis- sioners thought it would be a sufficient punishment to fine him the amount of his pay during the time of his suspension, which will probably be for one week. The ballot for the candidates for employ- ment in the railway service has been con- cluded. The number of vacancies is 273, the number of applications 3,164, and the number was reduced by ballot to 813, or three for each vacancy. There were over 300 informal applications. The examinations by which the final selections will be made will take place at Ararat, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Gee- long, Maryborough, Melbourne, Sandhurst, and Seymour, probably on the 19th March. Railway Detective Wilson, who was de- spatched to Glenorchy to inquire into the alleged attempt to obstruct the Adelaide express train in the neighbourhood of Glenorchy on Thursday last, returned to Melbourne on Saturday. He is preparing a report, which he will probably submit to the Railway commissioners to-day. The obstruc- tions placed on the line were two pieces of wood, and even if the train had run into them, it would not have been thrown off the line nor have sustained any damage. Detec- tive Wilson was unable to ascertain who were the culpable persons. It is thought to be probable that the obstructions were put on the line by boys without any wilful intention of doing mischief. The inspector of State forests (Mr. W. Ferguson) reports that the recent storm which caused so much damage in and around Daylesford destroyed an immense quantity of fine timber in the Wombat State forest, north west of Mount Wilson. Mr. Ferguson says he has never known such extraordinary destruction in any part of the State forests of the colony. On the north-west of Nolan's Creek, and in the vicinity of Crowley and Fitzpatrick's sawmill, the Wombat forest is strewn with fallen trees, hundreds having been uprooted and torn to pieces. Some of the trees are broken at from 20ft. to 50ft. above the ground, and in several places the timber is lying in masses for many chains in length and width, render- ing it difficult to find a passable track through the forest. The storm must have raged with terrific fury in the gullies and ravines, as there is scarcely a tree left standing in them. A few days prior to the storm, a bush fire swept through that part of the forest destroying a large number of young trees as well as a great deal of the matured timber in its track. It was the most destruc- tive fire that has occurred in the forest for years past, and Mr. Ferguson adds that the effect of fire and tempest has been to make that portion of the forest look desolate. Sixteen cases of typhoid fever were re- ported to the Central Board of Health on Saturday, but of that number 14 had been received in the Alfred Hospital during the past week from the following places :— Rich- mond, four ; Ascotvale, two ; Hawthorn, two ; and one each from St. Kilda, Prahran, Melbourne, Collingwood, Hotham, and South Melbourne. The other two cases were from Dandenong and East Melbourne respec- tively, the latter being fatal. The arrangement by which a supplemen- tary mail was despatched by the steamer South Australian on Saturday to overtake the Orient mail steamer Potosi at Adelaide appears to have been largely appreciated. Notice was not given of the mail until Friday, but there were forwarded by it 97 letters, 2 packets, and 7 newspapers, upon each of which an extra fee of threepence was paid. It is the intention of the Postal de- partment to continue this arrangement in connection with the Orient line. Difficulties have arisen in connection with the contract for the new building in the quadrangle of the General Post-office, which is required for the use of officials, who have been dislodged from their ordinary quarters in the post- office owing to the additions that are being made to that structure. The con- tract time has expired and it appears to be doubtful whether the present contractor will be able to finish the work. About 30 men have been employed upon it, but their wages have not been paid to them regularly. In consequence of this they refused for some time to work. They were induced to make a fresh start on Monday last. On Saturday, however, they could not got their money, and as the timekeeper was the only representa- tive of the contractor present they pursued him with great persistence. They were vigorous in the expression of their indigna- tion at the treatment they received, and their presence in the neighbourhood of the General Post-office attracted some attention. As nothing could be done they eventually dis- persed quietly. Although the last day's racing of the Autumn Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club did not present so many features of interest as the racing on Thursday, there was a large attendance at Flemington on Saturday, the Governors of New Suuth Wales and Victoria being amongst the number. Of ten starters for the Maiden Stakes Dufferin and First Consul ran so close a race for first place that the judge could not separate them. The dead heat was, by arrangement, run off after the last race, when Dufferin won. In the Nursery Handicap, for which event there was a good field, Moorhouse, who disappointed his backers so much on Thursday, scored a decisive win. In the Autunm Handicap, of eight starters there was another fine race between Lord Wilton and Satyr, the former, who failed to get a clear run at the first try, winning by a short head. The Champion Race was the most uninteresting event of the day, Trident winning in a canter from Blair- gowrie and Volcano. The race was run in very slow time, and backers were asked by the " ring " to lay odds of 20 to 1 on the favourite. Great interest was taken in the meeting of Hortense and Nelson in the All- aged Stakes, but the filly ran poorly, and Nelson won easily, Sumatra being second. There was an exciting finish for the Free Handicap, in which Kohai and The Levite ran the second dead heat of the day. The owners agreed to divide the stake. The match between a Victorian Eleven and the English team was continued on the Mel- bourne Cricket-ground on Saturday in the presence of a very limited attendance of spectators. The innings of the Victorians, who on Friday had lost nine wickets tor 245 runs, was speedilybrought to a close by Cotter, one of the not-out men, being bowled by Bates without adding to his score of 27. Horan carried out his bat for 23. The wicket was so good that the visitors were confident of topping their opponents' score, but they commenced badly by Bates losing his wicket for a single. A different complexion was, however, put upon the game by Shrewsbury and Bar- low, who were not separated until 148 was shown on the register. Barlow's contribu- tion was 43. Maurice Head 23 and Gunn 15 (not out) assisted the captain to make another long stand, and when stumps were drawn for the day the total for three wickets was 220, of which Shrewsbury, who was not out, had compiled 123. The game, which is now in favour of the English Eleven, will be resumed at noon to-day. Mr. G. T. Sands, M.L.A. for Dalhousie, died at a late hour on Saturday night at his residence at Kyneton. He had been ailing since February 22, when he suffered a slight paralytic stroke, but the immediate cause of death was apoplexy. The R.M.S Potosi, which sailed on the 4th inst. for London, took 5,594 sheep and 230 lambs in her refrigerating chambers from Mr. C. Campbell Finlay, Glenormiston ; Messrs. Knight and Lydiard Belfast ; the executors of the late Mr. Neil Black, Noorat ; Messrs. J. and P. Manifold, Purrumbete ; Sir William J. Clarke, Lancefield ; Mr. F. L. Parker, Conargo, N.S.W.; Mr. R. V. Dennis, Birregurra ; Messrs. Black Bros. and Smith, Grassdale ; Mr. W. R. Rutledge, Farnham ; and Mr. J. F. Hall, Kyneton. A deputation from the Trades-hall Council will wait on the Premier at noon to-morrow, for the purpose of urging the Government to appoint one or two members of the council on the Harbour Trust as the nominees of the Cabinet in the interests of the labour classes. A meeting of the council of the Working Men's College was held at the Town- hall on Saturday afternoon. There were present Mr. F. Ormond, M.L.C. (in the chair), Mr. C. J. Ham, M.L.C., and Messrs. R. L. J. Ellery, C. Paterson, Amos Yewdall, James Yewdall, Benjamin Douglass, and J. Nixon. It was announced that Professor Irving and Mr. R. L. J. Ellery had been elected to represent the Melbourne University on the council, and Professor Pearson and Mr. W. M. K. Vale had been elected as repre- sentatives of the Melbourne Public Library. The principal business was the election of a permanent secretary. A letter was read from Mr. W Trenwith, who wrote on behalf of the members of the Trades-hall Council who were also members of this council, asking that the election might be deferred for a fortnight, as they were unable to attend the meeting in consequence of the shortness of the notice they received of it. The acting secretary, Mr. Nixon, stated that those members had received the customary two days' notice the same as other members, and it was thereupon resolved to proceed with the election. There were 12 applicants for the position, and after reducing that number to four, one of whom was Mr. D. Bennet, the secretary of the Trades-hall Council, a ballot took place resulting in the election of Mr. Frederick Campbell, civil engineer. The successful candidate, who is a native of Geelong, studied at the Melbourne University, and possessed the highest qualifications, including a recommendation from Professor Kernot. The salary was fixed at £350 per annum, and a sub-committee was appointed to select a room and furnish it for the secretary. An application was made by the trustees of the Melbourne Public Library, for the use of one of the rooms at the college for the art stu- dents connected with the library, but the council did not think it advisable, under the circumstances, to grant the request at the present time, and the letter was left over for further consideration. It is the intention of the council to open the institution during this month, and in all probability his Honour the Chief Justice will be asked to deliver the inaugural address. An effort is being made at Port Melbourne to raise funds for the purpose of clearing off the liabilities of the local cricket and foot- ball clubs, and making improvements in the ground preparatory to the football season. The question was considered at a meeting recently held, and it was resolved to hold a sports carnival and bazaar in June, the details of which are now being arranged. The funeral of the late Mr. J. M'D. Lar- nach, manager of the Bank of Victoria at Fitzroy, who died on Thursday, took place on Saturday afternoon. The cortège, which proceeded to the Melbourne General Ceme- tery was attended by a number of leading citizens, many of them being prominent members of the Geographical Society of Aus- tralasia and of the Historical Society of Aus- tralasia, with both of which societies the de- ceased gentleman was in his lifetime con- nected. The pall-bearers were Baron von Mueller, Mr. David Blair, Mr. A. C. M'Donald, Mr. W. Potter, Mr. Ernest Giles, and Mr. James Blackburn. The ser- vice at the grave was conducted by the Rev. Charles Strong. A collection of swans, prize poultry, blue Mandarin ducks and four brace of rooks have arrived from London in the R.M.S. Garonne. The swans, four in number, are large strong birds of spotless snowy plumage, and the rooks are from very old English grounds. There were 10 shipped, but two died on the way out. The birds are in charge of a keeper sent out specially with them. The Melbourne General Sessions for this month were continued in the Central Criminal Court on Saturday, before His Honour Judge Molesworth, Mr. R. Walsh prosecuting for the Crown. James Belling- ham, a young man, was tried on a charge of breaking into the house of Mr. H. Richard- son, Gatehouse-street, Parkville, and stealing therefrom a set of diamond studs, some clothing, and other property, valued at £10. Mr. Lewis defended the prisoner. The case for the prosecution was that Mr. Richardson's house was broken into on the 27th December last while he and his family were absent from it. The prisoner was seen in the vicinity of the house on the day mentioned, and was arrested next day by Sergeant Dalton in Collingwood, where the prisoner resided. A piece of tartan ribbon, which was identified as being part of a sash stolen from the house, was found on the prisoner ; and in a box in the house of his mother, with whom he resided, two keys were discovered, which it was also stated, had been stolen from Mr. Richardson's house. The defence was that there was no direct evidence against the prisoner, that the ribbon had not been properly identified as part of the stolen property, and that it had not been shown that the box in which the keys were found was the prisoner's box. The jury re- turned a verdict of feloniously receiving the stolen property, and the prisoner was sen- tenced to one month's imprisonment, the last seven days' to be passed in solitary confine- ment. The Court then adjourned until this morning. The blow-pipe of the 7 o'clock train from Brighton Beach got of order last night, and it was found impossible to start on the journey. The result was that the 7.20 train had a double load of passengers to carry, and the train was crowded to excess. The non- appearance of the 7 o'clock train occasioned some surprise at the intermediate stations along the route, and the Brighton Beach staff were kept busy answering, by telephone and signal, interrogatories as to what had become of the missing train. The secretary of the Metropolitan Gas Company desires to explain that the reason why the gas was not of its usual brilliancy in the city on Saturday was that the new large gas-holder was being brought into use for the first time. The inconvenience was only tem- porary, and the new holder will be of per- manent benefit to all consumers. The new opera by Mr. W. S. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sullivan, entitled " Ruddygore or the Witch's Curse," was produced for the first time at the Savoy Theatre, London, on January 2. The Times states that its produc- tion " was accompanied by a phenomenon never before experienced at the Savoy Theatre. With the rapturous applause of a more than sympathetic first-night audience, which called composer and author, Mr. D'Oyly Carte, the manager, and all the prin- cipal performers before the curtain, a small but very determined minority mingled its hisses. As yet these signs of disapproval were too partial to interfere with the general success of the new play, which for all we can tell, may have as prosperous a run as The Mikado itself. At the same time they should give Mr. Gilbert pause, for we have no hesitation in attributing them to the feebleness of the second act and the down- right stupidity of its dénouement. The Standard arrives at " two conclusions : First, that Mr. Gilbert, while amusing as usual, has not surpassed himself ; next, that Sir Arthur Sullivan's music is, taken for all in all, the best he has yet contributed to the stage of comic opera." The Pall Mall Gazette considers that " while the dialogue is witty and abounding in playful satire, the lyrics, whether serious or comic, are in Mr. Gilbert's best style. Sir Ar- thur Sullivan has again proved himself fertile in the charming composition of melodies, fresh and delightful as ever. The only ambitious piece of writing is the solemn entrance of the ghost in the darkened picture gallery of Ruddjgore Castle. The rest is made up of pretty madrigals, dainty gavottes, some charming ballads, and admirable choruses, strongly flavoured with the local colour of the period." "A Savoyan " writes to the St. James's Gazette :—" The disapprobation ex- pressed by a certain portion of the audience at the Savoy when the curtain fell on the new opera, has given rise to much specula- tion. Obviously, it seems incredible to many persons that Mr. Gilbert and Sir Arthur Sulli- van should have been objects of disapproval in their own theatre. One gentleman, writing to a morning paper, asserts that the disaffected were not hooting the play at all, but were ex- pressing their sentiments regarding Lord Randolph Churchill, who was at that moment leaving the theatre. But this theory will not stand examination. The hissing, or rather the hooting, commenced as the curtain fell on the last act ; it entirely ceased while the performers were called before the curtain ; it recommenced immediately the call for ' authors ' began, and was at its height while the author and composer were visible. The expressions of displeasure proceeded from a very limited portion of the audience, and it would be unfair to attribute any great value to them ; but they were distinctly evoked by the play, and are intelligible to anyone who closely watched the audience on Saturday night during the second act of ' Ruddy- gore.' " Strangely enough, on the second anniver- sary of General Gordon's death, a report of the state of things in Khartoum is published. A Greek has arrived at Suakin (says the cor- respondent of The Times) from Khartoum via Kassala and Massowah. He states that for 12 years he was a resident in Khartoum, and for three was in the police force. He confirms the published accounts of the cap- ture of General Gordon, who was beheaded, the head being sent to the Mahdi at Omdur- man and the body being thrown into a well. A few Greeks are still in Khartoum. Abdulla Khalifa, has, the Greek says, been proclaimed Sultan, and his army is estimated to number 300,000. The Arabs have no intention of marching against Egypt if they are unmo- lested. Lupton Bey and a German officer escaped from the massacre of Hicks Pasha's army, and are in the rebel service, with many of the Egyptian soldiers. Steamers are running on the Nile, trade is flourishing, and provisions are plentiful. There are large stocks of gum and ivory, but cotton stuffs are scarce, and are sold at fabulous prices. English sovereigns are valued at two dollars each. The rebels have introduced a gold and silver coinage. Only Mussulmans are per- mitted to trade. The Greek states that there has been no recent trustworthy news from Emin Pasha. He saw Osman Digna on the Abyssinian frontier collecting troops under Abdulla in order to establish the Khalifa's authority in Kassala. The Abyssinians had withdrawn from the siege of that place, and Ras Aloula was awaiting King John's orders to resist the Italians. The Italians had been warned against advancing. The Greek reports that Abdulla's influence in the Soudan is immense. Colonel Kitchener and Mr. Brewster have, it seems, gone to Agig to hold an interview with the sheikhs there, and hope for a satisfactory result. The surrounding country is quiet. Tokar is holding out, and the tribes refuse to submit. Trade is improving slowly. The agent-general for Victoria is gratified (remarks our London correspondent in his letter of Jan. 28) that his advice that the open- ing of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition should be delayed until later in the year, has been accepted. The news was received yesterday morning that the opening day would be the 1st of August, and before even- ing Sir Graham Berry had despatched invita- tions to the following well-known gentlemen, asking them to become members of the London committee of the exhibition :—Sir Henry Barkly, Sir A. Clarke, Mr. Childers, Sir J. M'Culloch, Sir S. Wilson, Mr. Service, Mr. Denistoun Wood, Mr. Badcock, Mr. J. H. Blackwood, Mr. J. M. Patterson, Mr. W. Peterson, Mr. C. E. Bright, and Mr. R. Rowe. Sir Graham will also be a member ex officio. Mr. R. S. Walpole has been nominated as secretary pro tem. Sir Graham is anxious to set to work at once. It is very necessary he should, for unless the Conti- nental Governments are approached before the beginning of April it is extremely un- likely that any provision will be made on the Estimates for their official representation at Melbourne. The Governor of Victoria has cabled to the Foreign Office asking their in- fluence in moving the European Powers to accept the invitation to exhibit, but this official support will not do away with the necessity of the energetic individual advocacy by an active secretary. Instead of the repre- sentation of Great Britain and the Continent costing the council of the exhibition any- thing, it is very likely that Sir Herbert Sand- ford will be able to remit to the Jubilee Com- mittee over £2,000 received on account of the space allotted. The final winding up of the courts at the late Colonial Exhibition has been marked by a lamentable depreciation of property, says our London correspondent, writing on January 28. This has been much more serious in the case of India than in that of Australia, because a larger pro- portion of the contents of the Indian courts has been disposed of by auc- tion. Valuable carved screens of great beauty, rugs, carpets, and art work of various kinds have been simply sacrificed. The same happened in disposing of " Old London,' which, though it cost upwards of £15,000 to put up, simply brought £160 at auction when sold as " building material." The Australasian Governments exercised a wise discretion in directing the return of most of their exhibits. The prices obtained for such as were offered at auction were, as a rule, so low as scarcely to repay the trouble of selling. The golden gateway in the Victorian court fetched £4 5s., though one would have thought it worth something considerable if only for re-exhibition at some of the exhibi- tions in the large provincial centres. The New Zealand golden monolith, though it only represented a fiftieth part of the auri- ferous wealth obtained in Victoria, fetched £1 5s. The splendid furniture shown in the Victorian and New South Wales courts was not appreciated at its value. Messrs. W. H. Rocke and Co.'s magnificent diningroom suite of Australian blackwood, which was valued at from £1,000 to £1,200, was offered at auction yesterday, and was bought in at 500 guineas, an advance of 50 guineas upon the latest bona-fide bid. The handsome suites of diningroom and bedroom furniture, manufactured for the commissioners of the New South Wales court by Messrs. Turber- ville, Smith, and Brown, Messrs. Wallach Brothers, and Messrs. Farmer and Co., of Sydney, realised in the aggregate only £328. The balance of the New South Wales wines remaining in stock—some 400 dozen—was also sold at a large trade sale. Munro's Hermitage fetched 18s. 6d. per dozen, the best price obtained. It was described as a very high-class wine, equal to the best French, except for bouquet. A good deal of the wine sold at 7s. and 7s. 6d. per dozen. The Bevan collection of New Guinea curios, which the New South Wales Govern- ment intended for the Imperial Institute, is somewhat coveted by a number of ethno- logical museums. A specimen of everything in the collection has been handed to Sir Philip Cunliffe Owen for the future Imperial Institute, and the remainder will probably be sold by auction, thus affording all inte- rested an equal opportunity of competing. It is thought that the curios will bring £200. The reports of the experts appointed to report upon the late exhibition will be out in about three weeks' time. Mr. Bannister has sent in his report upon colonial wines. It is understood to be fairly encouraging, as might have been gathered from a short article on the subject recently contributed by him to the Society of Arts Journal. He strongly im- presses upon colonial vignerous the necessity of establishing centres of production, where virtues of a uniform quality and character may be produced in successive seasons. He also insists upon the advisability of not attempt- ing to create a sale by adopting the names of old-established Continental vintages. Applications for space in the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition were received, up to the close of last year (writes our London corre- spondent). When the list closed 609 appli- cations had been received for 68,782 ft. of space. Of this number by far the greater part were English applications, the exbibitors from the United Kingdom being 510 out of a total of 609. They applied for 61,137 ½ ft. of space out of a total of 68,782ft. The other applications were as follow :—Canada, 4 exhibitors applied for 646ft.; France, 2, for 123ft.; Denmark, 2, for 56ft.; Holland, 2, for 80ft.; Belgium, 4, for 160ft.; Austria, 6, for 1,674ft.; Germany, 49, for 2,323ft.; America, 12, for 2,130ft.; miscel- laneous, 5 for 140ft.; besides 13, for 313ft.; in the fine arts gallery. But, as usual, no sooner was the list closed than numbers of applica- tions commenced to flow in, and now a supplementary list, requiring at least 30,000 additional feet, been been compiled. Although the London commission have been assured that 200,000ft. of space would be re- served for them, they believe that allowing for passages, &c.;, this will only represent 110,000ft. net, which when further reduced by allowing for the little margin between one exhibit and another, would really only leave 90,000ft. available. But, as a matter of fact, the commission have only been allotted 85,000ft. net, which, when reduced by the inevitable small passage-ways, would not leave more than 75,000ft. to dispose of. Unless therefore, the Adelaide commis- sioners can see their way to erect additional buildings, many English, Canadian, and some foreign exhibitors must be disappointed. There seems to be a good prospect of obtain- ing an excellent representative collection of British and Continental art. Sir Herbert Sandford, with the valuable assistance of Sir Frederick Leighton and the other celebrated artists on the London commission, has ob- tained promises that will ensure at least 200 valuable works from British artists. It is anticipated that an equal number of paint- ings by foreign artists of reputation will also be secured. The agents-general, says our London cor- respondent, have been invited by some 25 or 30 of the banks and large financial com- panys interested in Australia and New Zea- land to request the Secretary of State for the colonies to take steps to amend the Companies (Colonial Register's) Act 1883, owing to the inconvenience caused by the working of Section 7, subsection B. The act was passed to authorise companies registered under the Companies Act 1862 to keep local or branch registers of their members in British colonies, but the operation of Section 7 practically deprives colonists of any benefit of the act. The effect of the provision is said to be this, that when persons resident in a colony become, by purchase in the colony or otherwise, the owners of shares in an English campany, and their title is com- pleted by a transfer in the colony on the colonial register, the act requires upon their death their wills to be proved in Eng- land as well as in the colony. This imposi- tion of a double probate duty is felt to be a great grievance, especially when, as often happens, the value of the shares is inconsiderable, the law expenses consequent upon the proof of a voluminous will in England are out of all pro- portion to the amount involved. Those who are moving in this matter hold that it is only reasonable that probate duty should be payable in the colony upon shares transferable there, and that the share- holders should be relieved from the obliga- tion of paying double probate duty, and of the, practically, more serious evil consequent upon the double expense of obtaining pro- bate of the will. It is contended that if the Imperial Government will make the amend- ment desired, they will remove a serious impediment to the development of joint stock enterprise, as well as strengthen the bond of union between England and the colonies. The Theatre Royal was again filled in the best parts on Saturday evening, when " The Tempest " was repeated. Mr. Rignold's Caliban is still one of the striking features of the production. A slight hitch brought the curtain down abruptly on Saturday night at the close, but otherwise the play was smoothly rendered, and the scenery in particular was evidently greatly ad- mired by the audience. " The Tempest " will be followed by another Shakspearian production. The " Harbour Lights " entered upon its second week at the new Princess's Theatre on Saturday night. There was another crowded house, and a successful season for this play is assured. " The Forty Thieves " was repeated at Her Majesty's Opera-house on Saturday night, and was rendered as merrily as ever. The scenery, as usual, evoked a large share of commendation, and the humour of Miss Robina, Mr. Brough, and Mr. Royce afforded almost incessant merriment. The new ex- travaganza appears likely to be as popular as " Little Jack Sheppard." The Irish comedy " Shin Fane " was pro- duced for the last time at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday evening, and Mr. Grattan Riggs brought his season to a close. The theatre will re-open to-morrow night, when Miss Minnie Palmer will make her re-appearance in " The Schoolmistress." Mr. Frank M. Clark's Company played to a crowded house at the Victoria-hall on Satur- day evening. Mr. Clark himself made his re-appearance after a short absence, and was cordially welcomed. The company was further strengthened by the acquisition of Mr. W. B. Warner, the comic vocalist, and the programme altogether gave general satis- faction. Mr. A. Lawton's minstrel troupe com- menced a season at St. George's Hall on Saturday night, and were greeted by a well filled house. Abundant variety was the main feature of the programme. In the in- troductory semi-circle, C. Fanning and Garner were the corner men, and W. Webb interlocutor. Both songs and jokes were quite up to the average. A clever exhibition of ventriloquism was given by Mr. W. G. Lester, who provided a great deal of amuse- ment with his puppets. Mr. Fred Garnett tied himself into knots with much facility, and Messrs. Delowry, Craydon, and Holland gave some vigorous clog dances. His per- formances of the Ridgway Family were a great attraction, and it was difficult to say which found the most favour—the feats on the double trapeze by the brothers, who are mere children, the globe rolling of Miss Rosie Ridgway or the pretty wire-walking of little Miss Bertie. An uproarious farce com- pleted the entertainment. The usual weekly display of fireworks will be given by Messrs. Brock and Co. on the Melbourne Cricket-ground this evening. Montgomerie's military band will render the music. The full programme will be found in another column. On behalf of the case of Mrs. Cummins, for whom subscriptions have been solicited by Mr. G. B. Hill, we have received 5s. from " W. L. S." 