CHAPTER XXXI. One morning Sabina was seated alone and at work—painting some flowers on a terra cotta vase. She earned a little that way now, tbanke to Janie's intercession with the manager of a well-known firm in Oxford street. It was but a small addition to her income ; yet it was something; and she con sidered it as peculiarly her own; and made no scruple abont devoting it entirely to the comfort and welfare and amusement of her boy. As for |her other money, every farthing that she conld save by the exercise of the most rigid and constant economy, was claimed by Foster, whose demands were becoming more ana more peremptory and extortionate. Not only that, but he had begun once more to insist on her going to her father, to obtain some more suitable provi sion ; and plainly he warned her that, as soon as he was come south again, he would see that the present condition of affairs should be brought to an end, Sabina tore up those letters with a sigh. She knew that appeal ing to her father would be of no avail. And even if their income were to be douhlea or trebled, what hope waB there that FoBter would change bis mode of life ? Indeed she tried hard not to think of these things; and kept herself busily (occupied in tending the child, and looking after the house, and falling up every spare moment with this terracotta painting. But there was a shadow ever present on her brow; and her manner was grave; and she waB a good deal paler than the Sabina of old. It was only when her boy stretched out his arms towards her that a soft lustre of happiness shone in the mild,. beautiful eyes. She was seated at the table in her small parlour when she heard a slight tapping at the door. " Come in!" " A gentleman to see you, ma'am," said the - little maidservant, ana therewith Captain Baby stepped into the room. She had been so muoh engaged with her work that she had not heard him open the front gate, and now she was so surprised by his unexpected appearance—having some swift momentary recollection of the way she had received him on a former visit—that when he said, "I have brought you some news of your husband, Mrs. Foster," she involuntarily asked him to he seated. He took a chair, put his hat on the floor beside him, and began to pull offhiB gloves. "Yes—I—I happened to be in the neigh bourhood." he began, and he had evidently1 forgiven her ourtness on that former occa sion, for he strove to he most amiable in manner, "and 1 saw Fred last week—the week before it waB, nearly—and 1 thought I might qb well drop m and let you know how he was getting along. Not very well at thiB moment, I am afraid, though there is some thing of a prospect for him ; indeed, £ have a little commission on that subject from onr - mutual friend Mr. Russell, whom you may remember, perhaps." She paused for a second—she did not answer, " No, as I say, I don't think Fred Foster could be in a worse plight than he 1b just: now. You see, he always was such a head strong fellow. When things went wrong with him, nothing would do but that he must force them right; now you can't force things right if luck is against you." "Have you any particular news of my husband?" she interposed, somewhat coldly. "Knfkinn Tronr eofrnfant-n«« 4-U.4 Nothing veiy satisfactory, nothing that you would much care to hear, perhaps," he answered, as he quietly twisted his mous tache, and regarded her. Then he added,, with an ironical smile" Of course there are compensating circumstances in every lot* and Foster has at least hit upon one old acquaintance of bis—an old flame of his if I mistake not—a Mrs. Fairservice, who is pretty well off. But she is a very shrewd woman, is Folly Fairservioe, and sharp; L don't think Bhe would be inclined to help bim, unless she saw it to be to her own ad vantage." Sabina's pale face flushed slightly. " Is that what yon came to tell me, Captain Baby?" she asked. " Oh, dear, no," he answered, blandly, " I only came to consult you sb a friend. I wish I could make you believe that. But the last time I called on you you seemed to think it a very unwarrantable intrusion. Why ? I offer you my services—in any way you choose to command them." " I have no need of them," she said stiffly. " But you might have need of them." "Will you tell me briefly why you are here ?" " Yes, I will. I have come in your own interests. I bave come to consult your wishes. Believe it or not, I am come as your friend—why, bow otherwise should I come?' Why should I bother myself about Fred Foster's affairs except for your sake? I think yon might recognise that a little. Well, now, I want to know what you want done. Practically, Foster has deserted you " " I beg your pardon, be has done nothing of the sort; and I will not stay to hear my husband's actions discussed in any way whatsoever," Sabina said; and she pushed away her painting materials, as if on the least provocation she meant to leave the room. " Very well; but the fact remains," he said quietly. " Now, this iB a very miserable life you are leading—alone, away from your friends, with no amusement, with no one to protect you " "That at least is true," she said. He continued without heeding the inter ruption—" And, as far as I can guess, sup porting a worthless fellow, who never conld esrn his own living, and who never will " " Captain Baby, yon come here aB a friend " " Of yours," he interposed. " One moment. 1 ask yon to "listen to what I have got to say. It rests with me to decide whether your husband is to come back here or not." She stared at him in astonishment. "YeB, yon are surprised, naturally; but such is the case," he continued, "boater's affairs are in such a precious muddle that he | dare not show himself in any of his old haunts. Very welL There is only one man in the country who is fool enough to think of helping him out of the hole—and that is •Johnny Bussell; and Bussell will act on my advice. Suppose !l say (yes; and get some money from Jack Bussell; and square certain .people, and pacify others, so that Foster may I return to London, and come here also, what are yon to expect? Do you think he will ever be other than he is ? Would you like to have him back ? Would it be to your gain, •do you think? You see now that it is as a friend 1 have come to you—to consult your | interests, mid yours alone." He spoke rapidly and plausibly; and she \- was a little bewildered. " But—but—in any case he must be coming hack here," she stammered. He smiled. " Without Jack BusBell's help, I think it •will he a very long time indeed before Master Fred will show his face on any racecourse in .England." '• But here—to his own house!" she said. " The writers would be after him like a pack of wolves. No; you may rest assured, dear Mrs. boBter, that we can keep your hus band from worrying you, if you wish it. If j you will only look at your position in a sen sible way; look at it as any woman of the world would look at it; consider what your life is likely to be if Foster come baok penni less and desperate; then, I think you will take the obviously prudent decision of leav ; ing him where he is. Why, the whole situa tion is absurd. A beautiful woman like you —and living in a place like this; the two things are not compatible." Sabina rose—her lips very pale—and she grasped the back of the chair with her hand. " 1 don't know—I don't know whether you . mean to insult me, Captain Baby" " I insult you 1 1b it an insult to call a woman beautiful ? Then your glass must in sult jou every minute in the daj." " fiut 1 must ask yon to go. I do not wish to have my husband's affairs, or mine, in terfered with by any third person—least of all •by yon." " Oh, but really, now " "Sorely, surely," she said with indigna tion in her voice, *' you will go when 1 ask you. Yon profess to be a gentleman." "Of course, 1 obey yon," he said as he slowly took up his hat and went to the door, " But please remember it is for you to decide, and you may change your mind." When he,had gone ebe stood for a second irresolute—for there was still pride and in dignation in the firm-set lines of her mouth; but the next moment her lips began to quiver a little, and presently she sank down into her chair again, and bent forward her head be tween her two arms outstretched on the table, and was crying and sobbing like a child. For she had been much alone of late, and some bow had fallen away from the high courage of the Sabina of old; now and again a kind of despair would seize her, and she could have wished to have done with this world and its ways altogether—if only her child were asleep •by her eide. But if Captain Baby imagined that, by -simply doing nothing, he could keep Fred FoBter in banishment in the nortb, be was mistaken. Quite unexpectedly one evening Foster made niB appearance at Wayeide Cot tage. " Why do yon store ?" he said, sulkily, to Sabina. " 1 am not a ghost. 1 want some thing to drink." He looked travel-stained and tired; and bis boots were duBty. ■' I am afraid there is nothing in the house," she said. "Nothing?" " We never use anything of the kind; the girl has beer-money instead of beer; so we have no need for it." " Well, then, send to the Chequers—it will be open yet. Whisky, gin, any poison they have. Why don't you keep decent spirits in the house ? Saving, 1 suppose—cheeseparing —as if that was any good. Well, there's got to be an end of that now. The farthing system has got to be abolished." She went to give instructions to the maid servant. When she came back he Baid— "I suppose you haven't been to yonr father ?" " No, Fred, 1" " 1 thought not. Well, I have come here to see that you do go, and that you make your going worth while. There's to be no nonsense this time, I can tell yon; it isn't a time for nonsenBe." "1 am quite sure, Fred," she pleaded, tLnt- Sh tnAn'f Ko nf fhA Bliffhtoah nao " "that it won't be of tbe slightest use." " You've got to make it be of nBe," he replied. " I must have £200 within the next three weeks; and that only as a beginning." " Yon know it is impossible," she ex claimed. " I know nothing of the kind. But I do know that it depends on you, if only you will put your fine feelings in your pocket." " What can 1 do, Fred ? What am I to say ?" she asked, in a kind of bewilderment. "The first thing you can do," he said, coolly and methodically, " is to eit down and write a letter to my lather, asking him for £50. If yon pitch the appdhl strong enough you will get it easily. Very well, lean put my handB on the remaining hundred and fifty as soon as 1 can show a reasonable prospect -of paying it back by instalments; and it is for your father to provide that by doubling your allowance. That iB clear enough, isn't it ?" "And even if yon were to get the money, Fred?" " Well ?" he said—for she had hesitated. " Would things be any better ?" " I don't know what yon mean," he said, roughly. " Sentiment, 1 suppose. Well, it isn't a time ior Bentiment with me, 1 can tell you. And when there is a chance of my pulling through, I'm not going to lose it with out a fight. It's yon that have got to provide the means. And that money I'm going to have." "But why should yon threaten, Fred?" she remonstrated—for his attitude towards her was quite menacing. " If I can get the money for you, you know 1 will. Don't I give you every farthing 1 can?" "Oh, these paltry pittances are no good. 1 tell you this is a serious matter. Irs my last cnance. And if I miBS it, then I'm off to America or Australia, and that's the last you'll see of me." Here the girl came back from the Cheqners, and Foster, having mixed himself some drink, lit bis pipe. " But I hope to get even with Baby before that," he said, moodily. " What has he been doing ?" she asked. " Oh, only like the rest! It's wonderful how yon find out what human nature is when you're down on your luck. Quite useful it is, gives yon such an insight. Here was Baby professing to be great friends with me -offering to go up to London to square up matters for me, pretending he had begged Johnny Bussell to give me a hand. Why it was by the merest accident I met BusselL Well, I will say, he is a good fellow, if he wasn't such a tool. And then he tells me that Baby had refused to take the trouble, and was so kind as to say that the country air was better for me than coming to town. But I'll be even with him yet." \- "I suppose you know Captain Baby came down here ?" she asked. He looked up angrily and suspiciously. " What was he down here for ?" " He professed to be anxious to serve you," " By coming down here ? Then I will tell you the Ubs you have to say to Baby the better." " I do not wish to have anything to say to him," she answered, calmly; "and I do not think he is likely to come here again." The little maidservant now brought in supper, but he oonld not be persuaded to have any. Perhaps the simple repast of cold beef, bread, lettuce, and water did not look very tempting. Sabina sat down to the table by herself. " You've never once aRked about the boy, Fred." she said, reproachfully. " Oh, I suppose he's all right," he said, with some impatience. " If he hadn't been 1 should have heard soon enough I dare say. You know when I see you sitting down to a supper like that it looks ridiculous, and it is ridiculous. It is perfectly absurd. No one would believe it. Of course my father isn't as rich as your father, still between them we should be living in a perfectly different way. Water! 'Drops of crystal water.' Not a glass of sherry in the house. Why, what do you suppose your people are doing at home just now ? Your father at the head of a big dinner table, all the men smoking and pass ing the wine, the women gone up to the drawing-room, and thinking it about time to fet ready to go down to the reception at the 'oreign Office. That's living. And you are of the same family! Cold beef and lettuce! You know, it's perfectly absurd!" " But we had plenty to live upon, Fred, when we married," she ventured to remon strate. " Surely in a moderate way we had abundance of everything we couldiwant." " Yes, because I had a good turn of luck then," he retorted. "It was all very well then, and you were satisfied. But now, when the lnck's against me, now you complain," She glanced at him for a moment, " I don't think," she said, slowly, " I don't thiuk you ought to say that of me, Fred." " Ob, there are different ways of complain ing ; it isn't all done by talking. However, that's neither here nor there. That's not what I'm come about here to-night. Pm going to have one more try for it before I skip across the seas, and you've got to help me." " When she had finished supper, and the little girl had come in to clear the table, he said to her— " Now, the best thing you oan do iB to sit down ana write that letter to myfather, then I will look at it and see if it will do." She hesitated for a second or two. " Fred, don't think me unwilling to do anything 1 can for you. But—but 1 would rather go to my own father than write to yonrs for money." "You've got to do both, and that's the fact," he said, bluntly. " This is not a time for half measures." She went rather sadly to her desk. " I muBt see what he says in his last letter," she said. "He is more anxious than ever that I should go and live with him at Missenden." "Yes, I dare say," Foster remarked. "Very likely. But were not going into the catacombs just yet." She sat down at the little table. " What shall I say?" "Don't you know yonrself? Better not tell him I am here, anyway. Can't you ask for it on account of the boy?—that would fetch him. Or you can blame me for it—that will fetch him, too; say I left some bills un paid—that is true enough; and the people are worrying for their money, which is also aB true as the gOBpel. Anyhow, pitch it strong." " It is impossible to describe the humilia tion with which Sabina set about writing this letter, but she wrote it nevertheless; and although on looking it over, he grumbled that the appeal was not made sufficiently plaintive, he at length forbore to urge her further, and she was allowed to put the letter in an en velope, to be posted as soon as possible. But the next morning his manner towards her was of a much more peremptory cast; for he bad now to give her instructions about the mission to her own father; and that was of a far more serious nature than the mere borrowing of a temporary fifty pounds. " Yon understand me, he said, as he was preparing to leave, " that 1 make you dis tinctly responsible for whatever may happen. It's abBurd to imagine that a daughter ean't fet her father to be a little bit generous to er, if she goes about it the right way. Of course, if you stand on your dignity, so will he. If you give yourself airs he will be glad of it—it will be an excuse for his saying no, and he will save the money. And mind you leave me out of it. Tell him anything you like about me—tell him I'm in a cancer hos pital, or in America, or in Van Diemen'a land, anywhere where his money is not likely to be of service to me. It's for you and the boy. And considering the circum stances, he might be willing to plank down a good round sum to begin with. Everything will depend on how you do it"-^— " Fred, I will do my best," she pleaded, " but don't be disappointed if he refuses. Is there no other way you can save yourself ? It seems so terrible to have everything de pending on the one chance." "Thereis no other way, I tell yon, he said, angrily. " And of course if you go shrinking and cowering and assured of failure, you will fail. Very well; I tell you I will hold you responsible for what happens. But whateverdoea happen you might be quite certain of one thing; if I am forced to leave the country, if I have to spend the rest of my days in Australia, I mean to take the boy with me when I go. So you just remember that." It was little he knew of the effect that these last words had upon Sabina; for he uttered them at the open door, and with out turning to look round, he walked down to the little gate, and was gone. 