SIFTINGS. EvERBYODY says we are on the eve of a grand mining revival, and, as usual, what everybody says must be true. Even in Goulburn-sleopy, grunting, phlegmatic, give-up-the-ghost Goul burn-the whole talk is of lodes and assays. Everybody is to blossom by-and-by into a millionaire, and business and domestic diffieultios are to be swallowed up once for all in glory. From a boy we were always given to doubting. It was some time before we finally and unreservedly accepted hsbo axioms of Euclid. Parallel lines might never meet, but we were not quite certain of it ; and the shortest distance between two given points might be along a straight line passing through them, but we had an obstinate glimmer of an idea that it might not. This confidential morsel of autobiographical inforination will furnish suflicient reason why we look upon the coming mining boom with a suspicious side glance, and why we feel no over powering impulse to invest all the savings of we are afraid to say how many years in a second Mount Morgan in the Cookbundoon Ranges. The professional speculators are busy as blue bottles, and it strikes us that whatever mineral wealth may be exposed by the pick and shovel of the miner they will net the real kudos and rhino. Probably it is some deficiency in our neutral or moral constitution which impels us to secretly dub every speculator as a half- developed rogue. Ho may belong to a church, he may move in the politest circles of exclusive society, he may have a dozen large estates in a dozen different countries; but if he makes his money by pure speculation, dabbling in shares and blowing big bubbles, we cannot shake off the impression that he is an embryo footpad, a swindler in course of development, a Claude Duval, who works inside legal boundaries instead of outside. We see very little difference morally between robbing a man with violence and robbing him by means of a lying prospectus. We are expecting every day a whole flock of prospectuses referring to mines in every part of the colony, and promising all sorts of returns from 50 to 500 per cent. At various times we have met with many men who have gone heavily into mining operations, but nine out of every ten who came off with honors, or, to describe it more accurately, with profit, were not the workers but the speculators, the promoters of winning sweeps, the aforesaid respectable Jonathan Wilds and Claude Duvals. Good people, put not your faith in printers' ink, for the heart of man is desperately wicked and the ordinary prospectus, to say nothing of the egtraordinary, can lie five and twenty per cent. btoer than Gehazi, Ananias, or a Russian diplomatist. Vorb. sop.; f isCd. The meeting which was hold on Monday afternipon to coneider the advisability of estab lishing a butter factory was not in any sense of the word satisfactory. In the first place the meeting was not a representative one, no farmers being present; secondly, the subject was not put forward as strongly as it might have been; and thirdly, those who were opposed to the scheme did not marshall their arguments at all. Mr. Shepherd, too, made a mistake in seeking to obtain the assistance of the milk suppliers of the city, not merely in endoavouring to form a corporation amongst them, but in bringing them in at all. He should have relied upon the far mere, who are the persons most interested in the production of good butter. The dairymen do not seem to be possessed of much determination to progress, or they would at least have attended the meeting to heoar the case stated for the fac tory. It seems to us that if there is a place anywhere in which a factory would have an excellent chance of prospering, Goulburn is that place. A splendid market for butter can always be found at good prices, and any surplus might easily be forwarded to the metropolis. During the present week Wollongong butter has been sold in Goulburn at is Od per lb. retail. True, there was district butter to be had; but it was of such a quality as to be unsaleable except at starvation prices. It is an admitted fact that the greater quantity of the butter that is brought into Goulburn is of inferior quality; and surely it would be to the interest of farmers, especially those living within easy distance, to adopt any means by which they could dispense with the necessity of making butter without sacrificing the profits accruing from their herds of milkers. We believe a factory might be started in Goul burn; but it would have to be done by a few energetic men banding themselves together and acting independently of the public, only securing themselves by first entering into contracts with dairymon for the supply of milk. Goulburn has shown over and over again that it has no liking for enterprises which necessitate a departure from old grooves. The Hon. Thos. Garrett, Minister for Lands, held out hopes to an influential deputation of pastoralists the other day that the Amending Land Bill would provide for componsation for improvements eoffected by pastoral tenants. No one ought to be surprised that it has come to this. Squatteriana is the name that should be given to this colony, for notwithstanding all the whining that is indulged in by the men of wool it is painfully evident that the country hua been sweated in their interests. A few years ago security of tenure was their trump card. They got it, and now they are agitating-with, it would seem, strong prospects of success-for compensation for improvements. Should this be granted the people of this groaning country had butter prostrate themselves and let the squatter walk over them, each one to beo provided with a pair of spiked bluchers for the purpose. The record of the past few years is instructive reading to those who doubt whether the pastoraliste are being properly treated. ilundreds of thousands of pounds have been spount in destroying rabbits, in many cases the amount spont on particular runs being considerably more than the rent. Unprofitablo railways have been constructed to enablo the Crown tenants to send their wool to market, and the result has been that while last year's clip was greater by 5,138,222 lb. than that of 1885 the quantity sont to Sydney lust year was less by 3,515,075 lb. than in 1885. It is quite true that the squatters suffered considerably by the drought; but did no other section of the community P True is it also that wool is the staple of the colony; but the growers aro not actuated by anty opeoial desire to increase the prosperity of the colony, self having at any rate a small haroe in inducing them to enter upon grazing pursuits. Unless the people are prepared to hand over this country to the Crown tenants they should show when the time comes that they havo no sympathy with such a parcel of grab-alls. They would have us believe that they are indispensable to the country; but Mr. Garrott showed, only a few weeooks ago, that the country is indispensable to them. 