1 JACK. (from the century). Jack waB a Fairharbor boy. ThiB might be to say any of several things ; but it is at least . Bure to Bay one— he was a fisherman, and the . aon of a fisherman. When people of another sort- than Jack's have told their earthly Btory through, the biography, the memorial, the obituarj remains. Our poet, preacher, healer, politician, and the rest pass on to this polite Bequel which society had ordained for human existence. When Jack dies, he Btops. We find the fisherman squeezed into some comer ef the accident column : ' Washed overboard,' -or ' Lost in the fog,' and that is the whole <>f it. He ends just there. There is no more Jack. No fellow-members in the Society for Soraething-or-Nothing pass resolutions to His credit and the consolation of his familv. M "a funeral discourse is preached over him and privately printed at the request of the parishioners. _ The columns of the religious weekly to which he did not subscribe coutain no obituary sketches signed by the initials of friends not thought to be tooafilicted to speak a good word for a dead man. From the Press of the neighbouring city no thin memorial volume sacred to his virtnes and stone-blind to his defects shall ever issue. Jack needs a biographer. Such the writer of this Bketch would fain aspire to be. Jack was born at sea. His father was bringing bis mother home from a visit at a half-sister's in Nova Scotia, for Jack's mother was one of tbose homesick, clannish people who pine without their relations as much -s Home of na pine with them ; and even a half- sisrer was worth more to her in her fanciful andkecinidit than a whole one is apt She had made her visit at her half-si-ter's and they had talked over receipts, and com pared yeast, and cot out baby things, and turned dresses, and dyed flannel, and gone to prayer meetings together; and Jaik's mother was coming home, partly because Jack's father came for her, and partly because be ' happened to came aober, which was a great point, and partly because the schooner bad to sail, which was another— she was coming home, at all events, when a gale struck them. It was an ngly blow. The little two- masted vessel Bwamped, in short, at midnight of a moonlight night, off the coaBt, just the other Bide of seeing Cape Ann light. The crew were picked up by a three-master, and taken home. Aboaid the three-master, in fright, aud chill, and Btorm, the little boy was born. They always put it that he was born in Fairharbor. In fact, he was born . rounding Eastern Point. 1 The toughest place to be horned in, this side o' Torment,' Jack's father Baid. But Jack's mother aaid iinthin? At all. Jack's father kept sober till he got the mother and the child Safely into the little crumbling, grey cottage, in half of whose meagre dimensions the family kept up the illuBion which they called home. Then, for truth compels m", I must state that Jack 'b father went etraigutway out upon what, in even less obscure circles than his, it is customary to call ' a tear.' There seems to be something in the savage, incisive fitness of this word which has overridden all mere distinctions of class or culture, and must, ultimately make it a| classic in the language. ' I've etood it long as I ken Brand, and I'm goiu' on a tear — I'm a-goin' on a natarnal tear,' said Jack's father to his oldest dory- mate, a fello v he had a feeling for, much as -you would for an oar you had handled a good many years, or perhap3 a Bail that you were used to, and had patched aud watched, and knew the cracks in it, and the colour of it, and when it w&b; likely to give way, aud whereaboutB it would hold. In fact, that proved to be, in deed and truth, an eternal tear for Jack's father. Drunk as a S-hermm could be — and that is Baying a good deal — he reshippcd that night, knowing not whither nor why, nor indeed knowing that' the deed v?as done; and when he came to himet If he was twelve hours out, on hie way to the Banks of Newfoundland; end the young mother, with the baby on her umB, looked out of the frosty window over the foot of her old bedstead, and watched for him to come, and did not like to tell the neighbours that she was short of fuel. She was used to waiting — women are'; Fairharbor women always are. But she had never waited so long before. And when, at the end of her waiting, the old dory-mate came in one night and told her that it hap pened falling from the maBt because he was not sober enough to be up there, Jack's O'her said she had always expected it. But she had not expected it, all the same. We never expect trouble, we only fear it. And she had put the baby on the edge of the bed, Mid got upon her knees upon the floor, aud laid her face on the baby, and tried to say her prayers — for she was a pious little woman, not knowing aby better — but found Bhe could not pray, she cried so. And the old dory-mate told her not to try, but to cry as hard aa she could. And she told him he waB very kind " and so she did. For she was fond of her husband although he got drunk; because be got drunk, one is tempted to eay. Her heart had goue the way of the hearts ot drunkards' wives ; sbe loved in proportion to her misery, and gave on equation with what ehe loBt. All the woman in her motbered_ her husband when Bhe could no longer wifely worship him When he died she felt ae if he had lost her eldest child. So, as I eay, ehe kneeled with her face on the baby, and cried ae if ehe had been the bleesedest of wives. Afterwards ehe thought of - this with self-reproach. She said one day to the old dory-mate : 'When my trouble came, I did not prav to God. I'd ought to have ; but I only cried at Jack had come into the world in a storm, arid he began it stormily. He was a big, soaring baby, and he became a restless boy His mother's gentle and unmodified femininity was helpless before the problem Of this wholly masculine little being. She mi«i Jack needed a man to manage him. He amoked at six ; he lived in the Btables and on the wharves at eight; he came when he got seady and went when he pleased ; he obeyed when be felt like it. and when be was yqsHahed, he kicked. Once, in an imaginative moment, he bit her. _ , Sbe Bent him to pack mackerel, for they -were pot to it to keep soul and body together, Sd bo brought homo such habits of f pooch ae even the Fairharbor woman bad never heard From her little boy, her baby—not rat old enough to be out of ebort troueere, and scarcely out of little sucks ; bud he been yours, my lady ; at the pretty age when one still fastens lace collars round their necks, and has them under shelter by dark, and hears their prayers, and challenges the breath of heaven lest it blow too rudely on some delicate forming fibre of bouI or body — from her little boy, at eight years old, the mother first learned the .abysses of vulgarity in a seaport town. ' It most be admitted that her education in this respect had been defective. She had alwaye been one of the women in whose presence- her neighbour did not speak too carelessly. But Jack's mother had the kind of eyee which do not eee mire — the meek, religious, deep- bine eye which even growing eons re spect while they strike the tears from it. At" his worst Jack regarded her as a species of sacred fact, much like heaven or a hymn. Sometimes on Sunday nighte be stayed at home with her ; he liked to hear her sing. She sang ' Rock of Ages,' in her best , black alpaca, with her work- worn hands crossed ap»n the gingham apron which she put on to save the dress. Bat ab, ehe said, Jack needed a man to manage him. And one day when sbe said this, in spite of her gentle unconsciousness, or because of it, the old dory- mate to whom she said it said he thought so too, and said if she bad no objection he would like to be tbat man. And the Fairharbor widow, who had never thought of such a thing, said she didn't know as she bad ; for nobody knew, ehe said, how near to starving they had come, and it was something to have a sober man. So on this reasonable basis Jack acquired a step- father, and his step- father sent him straight way to the Grand Banks. He meant it well enough, and perhaps it made no difference in the end. But Jack was a little fellow to go fishing— only ten. His first voyage was hard ; it was a March voyage ; be got badly frostbitten, and the .kipper whs rough. He waa knocked about a good deal, and had the measles by himself in hie berth, and the men said they didn't know they had brought a baby to the Banks, for they weie very busy ; and Jack lay and cried a little, and thought about hie mother, and wished be badn't kicked her, but forgot it when he got well. So be swaggered about among the men, as a hoy does when he is the only one in a crew, and aped their talk, and' shared their grog, and did their hard work,' and learned their songs, and came home with the early stages of moral ossification h3 well set in upon bis little heart aa a ten-year-old heart allows. - ' The next voyage did not mend the matter, nor the next. And though tbe old dory-mate wae an honeBt fellow, he had been more successful as a dory- mate than he was sb a' step-father. Be and Jack did not 'get on.' Sometimes Jack's mother wondered if he had' needed a man to manage him, but ehe never; Baid so, Sne was a good wife, and. she .bad'' fuel enough now; she only kiBBed Jack and' Baid Bhe meant it tor the beat, and then Bhe' went away and sang Rock of Ages to the tune of Alartyn, very slow and quite on the wrong key. It seemed to make her feel better, poor thing. Jack sometimes wondered why. When he was twelve years old be came home from a winter voyage one night, and got his pay for his share— boy's pay yet for a boy's share, but bigger than it used to be — and did not go home Bret, but went- rollicking off with a crowd of Portuguese. It was a Sunday night, and his mother was expecting him, for sbe knew tbe boat was in. His step father expected him, too — and his money ; and Jack knew that His mother had been sick, but Jack did not know that ; she had been very sick, and had asked for him a great deal. There had been a baby — born dead while its father was off-shore after cod— and it bad been very cold weather, and some thing had gone wrong. At midnight of that night someone knocked at the door of the crumbling cottage. The step-father opened it; be looked pale and agitated. Sume boys were there in a con fused group ; they bore what seemed to be a lifelesB body on a drag, or bob-aled. It was Jack, dead dtnuk. It waa the first time— he was only twelve— and oue of the Fairharbor boys took tbe pipe from his mouth to explain : He was trapped by a Portygee, and they've stole every cent of him, 'n' kicked him out, 'n' left him stranded like a monk-fish, so me and the other fellows we borryed a sled and brung him home, for we thought his mother'd rather. He ain't dead, bat he's jest as drunk as if he was sixty !' _ The_Fairhar_bor boy mentioned this circum- auch superior maturity "we're'd'TRillhi- lUl-'i- comrade to make note of. But Jack's step father went out eoftly and shut the door, and said : . ... 1 Look here, boys — help mo in with him, will you ? Not that way. His mother's in there. She died au hour ago.' And so the curse of his heredity came upon him. She never knew, thank Heaven. Her knowledge would have been a kind of terrible fore- omniscience, if ehe had. She would have had no hope of him from that hour. Her experience would have left her no illusions. The drunkard's wife would have educated the drunkard's mother too ' liberally' for that. She would have taken in the whole scope and detail of the future iu one midnight moment's breadth, as a problem in tbe higher mathematics may rest upon the width of a geometrical -point. But she did not know. We say— I mean it was our fashion of saying — chat sbe did not know. God was merciful. She bad aaked for Jack, it seemed, over aud over, but did not complain of him for not coming ; she never complained of Jack. She said the poor boy must have stayed somewhere to have a pleasant time; and. she Baid tbey. were to give her love to him if he came in while she waB asleep. And then she asked her husband to sing ' Rock of Ages' for ber, because she did not feel very Btrong. He couldn't eing more than a halibut, poor fellow ; but he did not like to diBBppoint her, for he . thought Bhe - looked what he called ' mieer'ble' ; bo he Eat down by tbe bed and raised his hoarse, weather- beaten voice to the tune of Martyn, as best he could, and mixed up two vereea inextricably with a line from ' Billy's on tbe Bright Blue Sea,' which he added because he saw be must have aomethiog to fill out, and it was all he could think of— but she thanked him very gently, and said he Bang quite well ; and said once more that he was to give her love to Jack ; aud went to Bleep afterwards ; and, by-atid-bye, they could not wake her to Bee her boy of twelve brought to her drunk. The corse of hia heredity was upon him. We may blame, we may loathe, we may wonder, 'we may despair.; but we must not forget. There were enough to blame without remembering. Jack, like all drunkards, soon learned this. In fact, he did not remember it very well himself — not having been ac quainted with his father; and never senti mentalised over himself nor whined for hie bad luck — but owned up to hiB sins, with tbe bluuiness of an honest, bad fellow. He was rather an honest fellow, in spite of all. He never lied when he waB sober. If the curse of bis ancestry had come upon him, its compensatory temperament came too. Jack had tbe merry heart of the easy drinker. Born with his father's alcoholised brain- cells, poor baby, endowed with the narcotinect conscience which this epeciesof parentage bequeaths, he fell heir to the kind of attrac tiveness that goes with the legacy. He was a happy-go-lucky fellow. Life eat airily ou him. He had his mother's handBome eyes dashed with hiB father's fun (for she couldn't take a joke, to save her ; he told a good Btory ; he did a kind deed ; he waa generous with bis money when he had any, and never in the least disturbed when he hadn't. He was popular .to the dangerous extent that makes one's vices Beetn a kind ot social introduction, and not in Jack's circle alone, be it said. Every crew wanted him. Drunk or Bober, as a shipmate he was at par. It was usually easy for him to borrow. The fellows made up bia fineB for him, there was always somebody to go bail for him when he got before the police-court. Arrested, per haps, a half-dozen times a year in bis maddeBt years, he never was sent to the House in his life. There were always people enough who thought it a pity to let such a good fellow go to prison. He had — I was going to say as a matter of course he had — curly hair. One should, not omit to notice that he waB splendidly tattooed. He was proud, as seamen are, of his brawny arms, dashed from wrist to shoulder with the decorative ingenuity of hia class. Jack had asstheiic views of his own, indeed, about his personal allowance of indigo. He had objected to tbe customary medley of anchors, stars, and crescents, and exhibited a certain reserve of taste, which was rather interesting. On his left arm he bore a very crooked lighthouse rising from a heavy sea ; he WaB, in fact, quite Hooded along the bici pital muscle with wavee and billows, but nothing else interfered with the massive proportions of the effect. This was con sidered a masterly design, end Jack wee often called upon to pneh op hie sleeve and explain how he came by the inspiration. ' Upon tbe other arm he wore e crucifix, ton inches long ; this was tonched with blood- ted ink ; the dead Christ hang upon it, lean ana pitiful, Jaok said lie took the'omci-ix against hia drowning. It was aa uncommonly Urge and ornate crucifix. Jack was a steady drinker at nineteen. At twenty- five he was what either an inexperi enced or a deeply experienced temperance missionary would have called incurable. The intermediate grades would have confidently expected to save him. Of coarse he reformed. He would not have been interesting if he had not. The unmiti gated sot has few attractions even for seafar ing society. It is tbe foil and flash, the by play and side-light of character that ' lead us on.' Jack was always reforming. After that night when he »»s bronght home on the bob-aled, tbe little boy waB bb steady and as miserable aa he knew bow to be for a long time ; he drew tbe nnfortnnate inference that tbe one involved the other. By the time his mother's grave was green with tbe scanty Fairharbor church-yard grass — for even the Bea-wihd Beema to have a grudge against the very dead for choosing dry graves in Fair harbor, and ecanta them in their natural covering — by that time rank weeds had over grown the Borrow of the homeleBS boy. He and his step-father 1 got on' less than ever sow, as waa to be expected ; and when one day Jack announced with characteristic can dour that he was going to get drunk, if he went to Torment for it, tbe two parted com pany ; and tbe crumbling cottage knew Jack no more. By and bye, when his stepfather was drowned at Georges', Jack borrowed the mouey for some black gloveB and a hat- band He had the reputation of being a polite fellow; tbe fishermen spelled it t-o-n-y. Truth to tell, the old dory-mate had wondered sometimes on Sunday afternoons if he had been the man to manage Jack ; and felt tbat the main object of hie second marriage had been defeated. Jack, as I say, was always reforming. Every temperance society in the city had- a hand at him. They were of the 1 old-fashioned, easy type which took their reaponsibilities - comfortably They held him out on a pair of moral tongs and tried to toast his misdemeanours out of him, before a ''quick fire of pledges and badges ; and when be tumbled out of the tongs, and asked the president and treasurer why they didn't bow to him in the etreet when he was drank, or why, it he was good enough for them at the lodge-room he wasn't good enough to shake banda with before folks on the post-office steps, or propounded any of tbose ingenious posers with which his kind are in the habit of disturbing the benovolent spirit, they snapped tbe tongs to, and turned him over to tne churches. These touched him gingerly. They invited him into the free pews — a dismal little row in the gallery— Bent him a tractor two, and aeked him a few well-means and very confusing religious questions, to which Jack's replies were far from satisfactory., One ardent person, a recent convert, coaxed him into a weekly prayer-meeting. _ It wis a very good, honeBt, uninteresting - prayer- meeting, and there were people Bitting there btBide him with clean lives and clean faces whose motives Jack' was not worthy to understand, and he knew enongh to know it. But it happened to be a foreign mission prayer-meeting, devoted to the Burmese field ; which was, therefore, be it said, not so much an argnment against foreign missions, as a deficient means of grace to the fisherman. ' Jack was terribly bored. He ran hia hands through his curls, aud felt for his tobacco, and whispered to the young convert to know if there weren't any waits in the play so a man could get out without hurting anybody's feelings. But just then the young convert struck up a hymn, and Jack stayed. He liked the Binging. His restless hand some face took ou a change such as a windy day takes on towards dusK, when the breeze dies down. When he found they were Binging ' Rock of Ages,' be tried to Biug it too —for he was a famous tenor on deck. But when he had sung a line or two — (lash ! down in one of the empty pew3 in front, he saw a tbin old lady with blue eyes, sitting in a black alpaca dress with her hands clasped on ber gingham apron. That's my mother. Have I got the jim- jams ?' asked this unaccustomtd worshipper of bimaelt But then he remembered that be was sober. He could sing no longer after this, but bowed bia bead and lo< ked into his old felt bat, and wondered if he weie going to .cry, or get religion. In point of fact, he did ueither of these things, because a very old church-member arose just theD, and said be saw a poor caBtaway in our midBt to-night, and he besought the prayers of the meeting for his soul.- Jack Btopped crying. He looked hard at the old chnrch- member. .He fiihermanwaited'tiU that prayer was through — it was rather a long prayer— and then he too sprang to his feet. He looked all around the decorous place ; his face waa white with the swift pasaion of the drinking man. ' I never spoke in a meetin' in my life, ' said Jack in an anateady voice. 1 1 ain't religions. I drink. But I'm Bober to-night, and I've got something to say to yon. I heard what i that man said. I know him. He's old Jim Crownoby. I've always know'd Jim Crownoby He owna a Bight of property in this town. He's a rich man. He owns that block on Black street. You know he does. You can't deny it. Nor he cau't neither. All I want -to say is, I've got drunk in one of them places of hiB, time and again ; and if there ain't anybody but Turn to pray for my soul, I'd rather go to the devil.' Jack stopped short, jammed on his hat, and left tbe meeting. In the shocked rustle chat followed, aomeono had the tact to start Rescue the Perishing,' aa the fisherman strode do n the broad aisle. He did not go again. The poor young convert followed him up for a week or two, and gave him an expensive Testament, bought out of an almost invisible personal income, in vain- I've no objections to you, said JacK candidly ; ' I'm much obliged to ye for yer politeness, Bir. But them churches that Bub- leases to a rum-Beller, I don't think r,hey onderstand a drinkin' man. Hey ? Well, ain't he their biggest rooster, now ? Don't he do the heft of the prayin', and the tallest of their crowiu', consequent? Thought bo. Better leave me go, Bir. I ain't a pious man ; I'm a fish-rman.' ' Fishes,' said Jack, ' is no fools.' He gave voice to thiB remark one day in Boston, when he waB twen y-five years old. He was trying to entertain aJBoeton girl ; she was not familiar with Fairharbor or with tbe scenery of his calling ; he wanted to interest her ; he liked the girl. He had i:i—,i « mono orirla it frnSR Without Baying ; but this one had laid upon the fisherman— she knew not how, he knew not why, and what man or woman of us could have told him?— the power that comes not ot the reason, or of time, or of trying, or of wisdom, or of Tightness, but of the mystery to which, when we are not speaking of Jack, we give the name of love. It Beems a sacrilege, admit, to write it here, and ol these two. But then, again, it would beeaBy to be wrong. TbeBtudyof the relativity ot human feeling is a delicate science ; it calls for a fine moral equipment. If thiB were the hi;h- water mark of nature' for Jack — and who Bball say? — the tide Bhall have its sacred due, even down among those weeds and in that mud. He liked that girl, among them all, and her he thought of gently. He had known her a lone time, as much as three months. When the vessel came into Boston to sell halibut, he hud a few days there, drifting about_ as fishermen do, homelesB and recklesa ; dashing out the wages just paid off, in ways that sometimes be remembered and eometimeB he forgot, and usually left him without a dollar towards his next fine when he should be welcomed by the police-court of his native city on returning home. Jack thought, I say, gravely of this girl. He never once took her name in vain among the fellows, and she had not Deen a very good girl either. But Jack reflected that he was nut very good himself, if you came tothat. Hia downright, honest nature stood him in stead in this moral distinction ; there was always a broad streak of generosity in him at his worst ; it goes with the temperament, we eay, and perhaps we say it too often to give him half the credit of it. She waa a pretty girl, and she was very young. She had told Jack her story, as they Strolled about the bright Boston streets on : comfortable winter evenings ; when he took her to the varie y show, or to theoyBter-shop, and they talked together. _ Jack pitied her. Perhaps she desetved it ; it was a sad little Story — and she was so very yonng. She had a gentle way, with Jack ; for some reason, God knows why, she had trusted him from the first, and he had never once been known to disturb her trust. That waa tho pleasant part of it. ' , . . On this evening that we speak of, Jack was sober. He was often, aober when he had an evenii g to ipend with the Boston girl ; not always — no, truth must be told; She looked Bi pretty as was in her that night ; Bhe had black eyes and a kind of yellow hair that Jack had never seen crinkled low on the fore head above black eyeB before ; he thought her as fine to look at aa any actress he ever saw ; for the stage was Jack's standard of the mag nificent, as it is to so many of his sort. The girl's name waa Teen. Probably she baa been called Christine once, in. her country home ; she even told Jack that she had been baptised myseI , |aid Jack ; ' I roaied ou, luey uaietri.'i Ou is. My murker got me to church, for she was a pious woman, and I pummelled the parson in the.face with both fists, and. she said she came away, for she was aohamed of me. She always said that chris- tetiiu' wasn't never legal. It disappointed her, too. I waa an awful baby.'. ' I should think likely,' Baid Teen with candour. ' Do you set much by your mother?" ., ' She's dead,' said Jack in a sobdned voice. Teeo looked at him ; she bad never heard him apeak like tbat. 1 L 'moat wished mine was,' said the girl ; ' sh'd 'a1 b'en better off — along of me.' ' That's bo,' Baid Jack. The two took a tnrn in silence, up and down the brightly-lighted street ; their thoughts looked ont strangely from their marred young faceB ; they felt as if they were in a foreign country. Jack hsd meant to aBk her to take a drink, bat he gave it np ; he couldn't Bomehow. ' Waa yon always a fisherman ?' asked Teen, feeling, with a woman's tact, tbat somebody maBt change the current of tbe subject. ' I was a fisherman three generations back,' Jack answered her ; ' horned a fishermen, you bet ! I couldn't V b'en notbin' elee if I'd drowned for it. It's a smart business. Yon hev to keep your wite about you. Fishes is no foolB.' . ' Aiu't they ?' aaked the girl listlessly. _ She was conscious of failing in conversational brilliancy ; bat the truth was-Bhe couldn't get over what they had been, saying; it was always nnfortnnate when she remembered her mother. Jack began to talk to her abont his business again, but Teen did not reply ; and when he looked down at her to see what ailed her, there were real tears ' rolling over her pretty cheeks. ' Why, Teen !' said Jack. I Leave go of me, Jack,' said Teen, 1 and let meget off ; I ain't good company to-night. I've got the damps. I can't entertain ye, Jack. And Jack — don't let's talk - about mothers next time, will we ? It BpoilB the evenin\ Leave Ro.of- tnv,-iiiid J.'U.gd home by -my own self. I'd rather.' -r.-. . ' I won't leave go of you !' cried Jack, with a Eudden blazing purpose lighting up all the corners of his soul. It waB a white light, not unholy; it seemed, to. shine through and through him with a.Boft glow like a candle on an altar. 1 I'll never leave go of you, Teen, if you'll say so. I'd rather marry you.' ' Marry me?' said Teen. 'Yes, marry you. I'd a sight rather. There, now ! It's out with it. What do you Bay to that Teen ?' Teen wiped away the tearB that fell for her mother with one Blow finger- tip. A ring oh her finger gliBtened in- the light as Bhe did this. She Baw the sparkle, tore off the ring and daBhed it away ; it fell into the mud, and was trodden out of Bight instantly. Jack Bprang gallantly to pick it up.-. .'Don't yon toqch.it!'., cried the girl. She "put her bared hand back upon his arm ; the ring had left a little mark upon her finger she glanced at this, and up into Jack's hand some face ; he looked "very kin d 1 'Jack dear,' said Teen, Boftly, 1 1 ain't fit to marry ye.' ' You're fitter'n I be,' answered Jack, man fully. Teen sighed ; she did not speak at once ; other tearB came now, but these were tears for berBelf and Jack. Jack felt this, after his fashion ; they gave him singular confusion of mind. ' I wouldn't cry about it, Teen. You needn't have me if you don't want to.' ' But 1 do waut to, Jack.' ' HoneBt f ' Honest it is, Jack.' ' Will ye make a good wife, Teen ?' asked Jack, after some unprecedented thought. 'I'll try, Jack.' ' You'll never go back on me, nobow ?' I I ain't that Bort !' cried the, girl, drawing hereelf up a little. A new "dignity eat upon her with a certain grace which was beautiful to eee. ' VV ill you Bwear it. Teen ?' 'If you'd rather. Jack.' ' Whac'll you swear by, now?' asked Jack. ' You must swear by all you hold holy.' ' What do I hold hely ?' mused Teen. ' Will you swear,' continued Jack, seriously; ' will you Bwear to me by the Rock of Ages ' ' Who'B that ?' asked the girl. 'It's a hymn tune. I want you to swear me by the Rock of Ages that you'll be that you say you will to me. Will you do it, Teen?' . < 'Oh, yes,' said Teen, 'I'll do it. Where shall we come acr'oBt one?' 'I guess I. can find it,'. .Jack replied. 'I reckleBa fashion, in tho great city, to iiuu1- Rock of Ages for the asking. Jack led his companion hither and . yon, peeriosinto churches, 1 and vestries, ana missions, and wherever- he .saw: signs- ot sacred things. Singing they heard abun dantly in the gay town"; songs merry, mad, and sad ; but not the song for a girl to Bwear by, that she would be true wife toa man who trnRtfid her. _ Wandering tbua, on the strange- errand whose pathos was so far above their- own dream or knowledge, they chanced at last upon the place, and the little group of people known in that part of Boston as Mother Mury'B meeting. .... ., __ The girl said Bhe had been there once, but that Mother Mary was too good for her ; She was one of the real kind. Everybody knew Mother Mary, and her husband ; he waB apar- Bon. They were poor folks themselves, Teen aaid. and understood poor folks, and did for them all the year round, not clearing out like rich ones when it came hot weather, but stood by 'em, Teen said. They kept the little room open, and if you wanted a prayer you went in- and got it, jttst .sb yon d c≪ for & drink or a supper ; it was always on band for you, and a kind word sure to come > with it, and yon always knew were to go for ; and Mother Mary treated you like folks. She liked her, Teen said. If she'd been a different girl, she'd have gone there of a cold night all winter. But Teen said she felt aBhamed. , .. I guess Bhe'll have what I m after, Baid Jack. ' She soundB like she would. Let's eo and see.' So they went into the quiet place, among the praying people, and stood staring, for they felt embarrassed. Mother Mary looked very white and peaceful ; she was a tall, fair woman ; Bhe wore a black dress with white about t.he bosom ; it was a plain, old dress, much mended. Mother Mary did not look rich, as Teen bad said. The room was filled «ith poor creatures gathered about her, like her children, while Bhe talked with them and taught them as sbe could. She crossed the room immediately to where the young man stood, wiih the girl beside him. ' We've come,' said Jack, ' to find the Rock of Ages.' He drew Teen's hand through his arm, and held it for a minute ; then, moved by some fine instinct mysterious to himself, he lifted and laid it in Mother Mary's own. ' Explain it to her, ma'am,' he Baid ; ' tell her, won't you. I'm going to marry her if she'll have me. I want her to swear by aomethin' holy she'll be a true wife to me. She hadn't anything particularly holy herself, and the holiest thing I know of is the Rock of Ages. I've heard my mother sing it. She dead. We've been huntin' Boaton over to- nipht after the Rock of Ages.' Mother Mary was used to the pathos of her sober work, but the tears sprang now to her large and gentle eyes. She did not speak to Jack— could not poseibly, juat then ; but, delaying only for the moment till she could command herself, Bhe dung her rich, maternal voice out upon the words of the old hymn. Her huBband joined her, and all the people present swelled the chorus. Hock ot Area, cleft for me I Let me hide myself luth.e; Be of Bin the doable onto ; Cleanse ma from ita guilt and piwer. They sang it all through— the three verses that everybody knows — and Jtck and Teen Btood listening. Jack tried to sing him-elt ; but Teen hid her face, and cried upon hie arm. , ' Thon must save,' sang the praying people ; ' Thou must Bave, and thon alone ! The etrain died solemnly the room was quiet; the minister yonder began to prav, and all the people bowed their heads. Bat Mother Marv stood quite still with the girls hand trembling in her own. ' Swear it, Teen ?' Jack bent down his curly bead and whispered ; he wonld not shame hia promised wife before these people. Swear by that, you'll be true wife to me ?' ' I swear it Jack,' sobbed Teen. If that's the Rock of Ages, I swear by it, though I was to die for it, I'll be an honest wife to yon.' ' Come back when you've got your licence,' said Mother Mary smiling through her tears, ' and my hnaband will marry yon if you want him to.' , , , . ' We'll come to morrow,' Jack answered gravely. . _ » ' Jack," said Teen in pretty way— for she bad a very pretty way— 'if I'm an honest wife to yon, will you be kind to me I She did not aBk him to swear it by the Rock of AgeB. She took hia word for it, poor thing. Women do. : Mother Mary's husband married them next day. at the. Mission -meeting ; and Mother Mary sat down at the melodeoit in the corner ot the pleasaut place, aud played ami. Bang Toplady's great bymn for them, as Jack had aeked her. It waa his wedding march. He waa very Bober and gentle— almost like a better man. Teen tbonght him the hand somest man ehe bad ever seen. ' Oh, I say, Teen,' he nodded to her as they walked away, ' one thing I forgot to tell yon — I'm reformed.1 'Are you, Jack? ' If I ever drink a drop again, so help me—' Bathe stopped. 'So help you, Rock of Ages?' asked the new- made wife. But Jack winced ; he was hoDCBt enough to hesitate at this. ' I don't know's I'd darst — that,' he added, ruefully. ' But I'm reformed. 1 have lost all banker for liquor. I shall never drink again. You'll see. Teen did Bee, as was to be expected. Sbe saw a great deal, poor thing. Jack did not drink — for a long, time ; it was Dearly five months, for they kept close connt. He took her to Fairharbor, and rented the old half of the crumbling cottage where his mother used to sit and watch for him on long, late even ings. The yonng wife did ibe watching now. They planted some cinnamon rose- bnBhee by the doorsteps of tbe cottage, and foBtered them affectionately. Jack wa9 as happy and sober ae possible to begin with. He picked the cinnamon roses and brought them in for hie wife to wear. He was proud .to have a home of his own — he had not expected to ; in fact he had never had one since tbat night when hia mother said they were to give her love to him, if he came home while she was asleep. He had beaten about so, sleeping for the most part in hia berth, and sailing again directly ; he had never hsd any place, he said, to hang his winter clothes in ;.closetB and bureaus seemed treasure-houses to him, and the kitchen fire a luxury greater than a lees good-looking man would have deserved. When he came home, drenched and chilly, from a winter voyage, and Teen took the covers off, and the fiery heat of the coals leaped out to greet him, and ehe etood in the rich colonr, with her yellow hair, young and fair and sweet as any man's Wife conld look, and said ehe had missed him, and called him her dear husband. Jack .even went so far .as to feel that Teen was the luxury.' He treated her accordingly ; that was at first. He came straight home to ber ; he kept her in flour and fuel ; she had the little things and the gentle words that women need. Teen waa very fond of him. This was the first of it — I was going to say this was the worst of it. All there waB of Teen seemed to have gone into her love for Jack. A part of Jack had gone into hia love for Teen. Teen was very happy, to. begin with. The respectable neighbonra came to Bee her, and said, ' We're happy to make your acquaintance.' Nobody knew that it had not always been so; that Teen's acquaintance would have been a sonrce of social happiness. And she wrote to her mother that she was married ; and her Jiother came to make her a -little visit ; and Tee. cri0(i her soul out for joy. She was very ndestand home- keeping and loving ; no uj 'u Vr land was truer than tbis'girl he had choseri>a9 to the fisherman who chose her. Jack knw that. He believed in her. She made him ha-ppy and therefore she kept him right. All this waa at first. It did not last. Why should we expect that, when ."we see how little there is in the relation of man and woman which lasts 1 If happy hirth and gentle jearing, and the forces of what we call education, and the silken webs of Bpun re finements are so strained in the tie which requires two who cannot get away from each other to make each other happy, how should we ask, of the law of chances, the miracle for Teen and Jack ? There was no miracle. No tranBubBtantia- tion of the common bread to holy flesh was wrought upon that poor altar. Their lot went the way of otherlots, with the facts of their history dead against them. Trouble came, and poverty, and children, and care, and distaste. Jack took to his old"' ways, and, his wife to the tears that tbey bring. . The children died ; they were poor Bickly babies who wailed a little while in her arms, and slipped out because there wasn't enough for them to stay. And the grey house was damp- Sopie said it was diphtheria, but their mother said it was the will of God. She added, might His will be done ! On thewholesbe was not sorry. Their father struck her when he was in liquor. Sbe thought if the babies lived, they might get hnrt. - A month before the last one was born she showed to Jack's biographer a braise across her shoulder, long and livid. She buttoned her dreBS over it with hastv. repentance. Maybe I'd oughtn't to have: told,' Bhe said, But he eaid he'd be kind to me.' was sv „ - Vartf. thi a fKhf JV, Jig pair of pink ..kid Bhoes for the.babx.,wh£k I:am not writing ariemperanuu-utury.-uiiiy the biography of a fisherman, , and a- few words will Bay better than many how it was. Alcoholiaed brain-cells being one of the few bequests left to society which the heira do hot dispute, Jack went back to hia habits with the ferocity that follows abstinence. Hard' luck came. Teen was never much of a housekeeper ; she had left her mother too early ; had never been taught. Things were soggy, and hot always clean ; and she waa bo busy in being struck and scoldedj and in bearing and burying babies, that it grew comfortless beside the kitchen fire. The last of the illusion which had taken the name of home within the walle of the crumbling half-cottage withered out of it, juat aB the cinnamon roses did the summer Jack watered them with whiskey by a little emotional mistake. A worse thing had happened, too. Some shipmate had ' told' in the course of time ; and Teen's pre matrimonial story got set adrift upon the current — one of the cruelest currents of its kind— of Fairharbor gossip. The respectable neighbours made her feel it, as only reBpectable neighbours do Buch things Jack, raging, overheard her name upon the wharveB. Teen had been ' that sbe Baid Bhe would' to him. He knew it. No matron in the town, had kept her life or heart more true. In all her BickueBB aud trouble and Blackness, and in going cold' or hungry, and in her vivid beauty that none or all of these things could quench, Teen had carried a sweet dignity of her own aa the racer in the old Promethean festival carried ths torch while be ran against the wind. Jack knew — oh, yes, he knew. Bot he graw sullen, suspicious. When he was drunk be waB always jealous ; it began to take that form. When he was sober he still admired his wife ; sometimes he went bo far as to remember that he loved her. When this happened, Teen dried her eyes, and brushed her yellow hair, and washed up the kitchen floor, and made the coffee, and Baid to the grocer when ehe paid for the sugar : ' My husband has reformed.' One night Jack came home unexpectedly ; a strange mood sat npon him, which his wife did not find herself able to classify by any of the instant and exquisite perceptions which grow, like new faculties, in wives. He had been drinking heavily when he left her, and she had not looked for him for dayB ; if he sailed as he waB, it wonld be a matter of weeks. Teen went straight to him ; she thought he might be hurt ; Bhe held out her arms as she would to one of ber children ; but he met her with a gesture of indifference, and she shrank back. ' She's here,' Baid Jack. 1 Mother Mary's in this town. I see her.' ' I wish she'd talk to yon,' said Teen, saying precisely the wrong thing by the fatal instinct which so often possesses drunkards' wives. ' You do, do you ?' quoth Jack. Well, I don't. I haven't give her the chance. He crashed on his hat, and stole ont of the house again. But his mood was on him yet ; the dif ference being that his wife was out of it. He sulked and skulked about the stre > b alone for a while ; he did not go back to the boys juBt then, but wandered with the apparent aimlessness in which the most tenacions aims are hidden. Mother Mary and her husband were holding sailors' meetings in the roughest quarter ot the town. There was need enough of Mother Mary in Fairharbor. A crowd had gathered to hear the novelty. Fairharbor seamen were none too need to being objects of consideration ; it waB a matter of mark that a parson and a lady should hire a room from a rich fish-farm, pay for it ont of their own scanty pockets, and invite one in from deck or wharf, in one's oil-clothea or jumper, tohearwhata messmate of Jack's called ' a high-toned prayer.' He meant, perhaps, to convey the idea that the petition treated the audience politely. , . ., , , Jack followed the crowd in the dark, shrinking in its wake, for he wae now sober enough not to feel like him- self. He waited till the last of the fellows he knew had gone into the place and then crept; np on tiptoe, and pat bis face against the window of the Bait- cod warehouse where the little congregation was gathered, and looked in. The room was full and bright. It wore that same look of peace and shelter which be remembered. Mother Mary B-ood as she bad stood before, tall and pale, in her black dress with the white coven ing on her bosom. Her husband bad been speaking to the fishermen, and she, as Jack pnt hia gnarled band to hia excited eyes, and bis eyes to the window-glass, turned her face i . lull about, to start tbe singing. 1 Bhe seemed to Jack to look at him. Her look was Bad. He felt ashamed, and cowered down below tbe window-Bill. But he wanted to bear ber sing— be had never beard anybody Bing like Motber Mary — and so he staid there for a little while, ended against the fish-hoiise. It began to rain and he was pretty wet ; bat Jack was in his jumper, and a ragged old jumper at that ; be knew he was not bo handsome as he need to be ; be felt that he out a poor figure even for a drunken fisher man ; all the self- respect tbat life had left him shrank from letting Mother Mary eee him. Jack wonld not go in. A confused notion came to him, aa he crouched against the warehouse, in the showers, that it was just ae well it ehculd rain on nim ; it might wash him. He pushed np his sleeves, and let the rain fail on his arms. He found an old Cape Ann turkey box there waa lying about, turned it edgewise eo tbat one ragged knee might rest npon it, and tbns bring hia eye to a level with tbe window-sill, while jet he conld not be seen from within. So he crouched listening. The glimmer from the prayer-room came across the fisherman's bared right arm, and struck the crucifix. Jack bad the unconscious attitude of one Binking, who hsd thrown np hia artnB to be saved. The ChriBt on tbe crucifix looked starved and sickly. Jack did not notice the crucifix. At this moment, Mother Mary'B yearning voice rang out above the hoarse chorus of the fishermen, wbose weather-ragged and re verent faces lifted themselves mistily before her, as if they had been the countenance of sne helpless man : ' Rock cf Ages, cleft for me 1' ' Oh, my God 1' cried Jack. It was the next day tbat some one told Mother Mary, at the poor boarding-honse where she staid, that a woman wanted a few words with her. The visitor was Teen. Sbe was worn and wan and sobbing with excite ment. Her baby was soon to be born. She did not look as if she had enongh to eat. She had come, she said, just to see Mother Mary; just to tell her , for Jack never would tell himself, but she was sure her husband- bad reformed ; he would never drink again ; he meant to be a sober man ; and Motber Mary ought to know she did it, for she did, God bless her ! ' I've walked all this way to bless you foi myself,' said Teen. 1 1 ain't very fit for walkin, nor I can't afford a ferry- ticket, for be didn't leave me notbin' on this trip, but I've com< to bless you. My husband come to youi meetin,' Mother Mary, by himself, Jack did. He Dever goes touomeetin's — nobody couldn'l drove him; but he come to yours, because he Bays yon treat a man likea folks, and be wouldn't go inside, for be'd b:en drinkin' an? be felt ashamed. So be set onteide uponi box behind (he winder and be peeked in. Anl he said it rained on him while he setpeekiri for he wanted to get a look at yon. And te come home and told me, for we'd bad Bone words beforehand, and I was glad to Eee hid. I waa settm' there and cryin when he cone. " I wouldn't, Teen," says he, " tor I've sejo Mother Mary, and I'm reformed," Baysvbe. So he told me how he set upon the box and peeked. He says you looked straight at him. He says. you stood up very tall and kind of white. He says you read something oat of a book, anil then yon sang to him. He says the song yoii sang wa9 Rock of Ages, and it made bim'feel so bad I had to cry »o see him He comeiriand he got down on the loungi against our\window, and he put his hanl acrost his eyes and groaned like he was hurtei iu an accident. And he says. " Teen, I wished I was a better man." And I says, "Jack, I wisnsdyou wU." And ha says, "I lost the hanker when 1 heard her sing the Rock of Ages, and if I hst the hanker, I could swear off." So I didn't answer him. for if T bbvs " do swear .off,, he'd just swear on— they- won't, you know, for wives. Bur, I made him a cup of coffee, fcr I didn't know what else to do, and I brought it to him on the lounge, and he thanked me. Teen," be says. " I'll never drink a drop again, so help me, Mother. Mary !' And then be kissed roe, for they don't, you know, after you've been married. And he's gone out haddockin', but we parted -n>ry kind.' And so I come to tell you, for it mayn't be many days that I cuuiu waia It, auu i v«-been that to him as I Baid I should, and I you'd better know. 'Yon've had no breakfast-,1 answered Mother Mary, 'and you've walkeay,0 far> Here, Btop at tbe Holly Tree as you eo ti«nie. eet a bowl of soup ; ard take tbe ferry hack'. There, there ! don't cry quite so hard. I'll try to stay a little loneer. I won't leave town rill Jeck comes in. It iaies the Rock of Ages to cure the hanker, Teen. But I've seen men than be is stop as. if ther had been n inooo- thrown from heaven. If this time.' . - , , vt v He went aboard sober, and sober he stayed. He kept a good deal by himself, and thought of many things. His face paled out and refined, as rbeir faces do, from abstinence; the ghost of his good looks hovered about him; he mended np his clothes ; be did a kind turn toa messmate now and then; be told some excellent clean stories, and raised the spirits of the crew ; he lent a dollar to a fellow with the rheumatism who bad an indebtedness to liquidate for medicine. When he had done this, he remembered that he had left hia wife without money, and said aloud : ' That's a - — - mean trick to play on a woman. He bad bad lack, however, tbat trip; his share was small ; he made 7dol. and 27c. in three weeks. Thi3 was conceded by the crew of the fishing schooner iher name was the Destiny) to be because Jack had, ' sworn off' It is a superstition among them. One unfamiliar with the liveB of these men will hammer cold iron if he thinks to persuade them that rum and luck do not go together ; or that to ' reform' does not imply a reduc tion of personal income. You might as well try to put the fishermen's fist into a Honiton lace jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion npon this point. Therefore Jack took hia poor trip care lessly ; it was to be expected ; he would ex plain it ta Mother Mary when he got in. He drank DOthing at all ; and they weighed for home. . (to be concludrd is our kext.) 