J^MES-:DATJNTON'S FATE. [NOW FlitST PUBLISHED.] '?'???? ?? ', By Doha Russell, ? Author oi ' Tho Vicar's Govornesa,' ' Foot ?.:-.? prints in the Snow,' &o.; (From the Week.) (Continued from last Tuesday's Issue.) CnATTEE II. — Continued. Sho wae roused by 'someono knocking at tho bedroom door. Sho scarcely could find voico to answer this BummonR. It was Siddcll, Sir James's old and trusted servant, who stood there pale and with tears in his eyes. ' Oh, MiBB Butler,' ho said, '' will you come *o Sir James ? It's just awful to see him sitting tlie-ro with his broken heart.' Alico nut her hand to her head as if trying to rimember. Could anyone bo as miserable as she was P Yes, liiB poor father. Tho shame, tho Joss, was his also. ' Yes, Siddcll,' she said, looking at him with her woeful eyes. ' You know thon f' the added. 'It's a terrible business, miss,' answered Siddcll, ' terrible for everyone. But it will jiiet kill Sir James.' Alico mad-* no reply. The sun waB shining into tho room, and sho went slowly to tho window and pulled down tho blind. Tho old servant watched tho action, and put out his hand deprecatingly. ' 01-., not that yet, misB, surely P' he said. ' I am not quite sure he is dead, Siddoll,' she answered. ' They murdered hiin ,and sho shuddered) for his watch and rings. Arthur Dauntdn Bays so— and — and — flung him into tho sea.' 'How can Mr. Arthur know that, Miss?' said Siddell, almost sharply. ' All wo know i*, that for threo days Mr. James has not been heard of. It is too soon to talk of his death.' Again Alico looked in Siddell's face. 'There is no hope,' she said, almpst below her breath, in a yoice of exquisite pain. ' He loved his father — at least, ho loved his father for his sake. If ho were alive he would let ub lmnw.' 'I will not givo np hope, Miss Butler — queer things occur. Mr. James may be too ill to write ; who knows ? There is a mystery about it — I, for one, '/rill not give up hope.' ' Oh, Siddell, have you hope ?' said the poor girl, and she ran up to tho old servant and took his hand; 'really hope? Are you not just saying it to comfort Sir James, and comfort me ?' a It waB piteous to see her ; the quivering lips, tho anxious, inquiring eyes. 'But ho does not know all,' she thought tho next minute, dropping Siddell's hand ; ' he has not Been Arthur's letter ; he doei nob know tho truth.' 'I sny this, Miss,' answered Siddell, sturdily, ' that if it wora threo months, instead of three days that wo had not heard of Mr. ?James, I would not give up hope— ay, nor three years, neither.' ' Threo months?' repeated Alice dreamily ; 'no, iiot three months— not till the sea giveB npits dead.' She spoko almost as if Bhe were thinking aloud, ffs if sho had forgotten Siddell's presence. 'Let us try to keep up our hearts. Miss, for the sake of Sir James,' urged Siddell ; ' he is wrapped up in Mr. James, and he is an old man — -we must think first of him.' Alice sighed wearily. Oh! how wearily. But sho had a sweet, unselfish nature, and ue she told Siddcll she would go to Sir Jamoa. And when sho saw the old man sitting in his hopeless misery sho went up and kissed his pallid cheek. ' My father,' sho said, and put her hand in his. It was tho first time Bho had called him by this name, the first time sho had kissed him and the old man's bowed head fell on her shoulder. ' My dear ! my dear !' ho sobbed. 'I will bo your daughter. I will never leave you,' Baid Alico, tenderly. 'I will try to comfort you.' 'James may return still,' said Sir Jamos, in a broken voice, 'my dear, wo must hopo Btill ; will you telegraph to Arthur and tell him to get London detectives? Tell him to summons Mr. Andrews, my lawyer, from town. Let nothing be left undone; if ho is alivo wo must find him.' 'I will telegraph at once,' said Alice, gently, and sho did bo, and sent Siddcll away with her telegrams, and then returned to Sir Jarr.es, and took his hand again in her own. But she did not tell him (he Btory of 'the por trait of the unknown woman that Arthur had written to her. Why should Bho tell him ? Bho asked herself ; why add to his pain ? She must bear this wound alono— the bitterest of all — that he whom sho had loved so truly, was lured to his death by a stranger's fair face and words. And while tho two who had loved James Daunton best sat thus together, both silently thinking of him, thoroomdoorsuddeulyopencd, and a lady in black entered uuaunouueod. This was Mrs. Arthur Dnuntou, the widow of tho lato rector, and tho mother of Arthur and Hugh Daunton, Sir James's nephows. Sho was a stout woman, and she rushed effu sively up to Sir James, and seized hia hand. ' Oh, my poor dear James,' bIio said, ' this ih sad news. ? I only heard it an hour ago, or I would have been down before. I heard it from Arthur ; he says nothing can be heard of poor Jim !' Sho spoko very quickly, but sho did not look by any means depressed at her nophow'a dis appearance. Her once protty face, indeed, beamed in spite of herself, for this broad, dis orderly-looking woman had onco been pretty, and the poor rector had married her for her beauty, and mado a very serious mistake .'And you, my poor girl, too,' she cor .tinned, bef ore Sir James had time to ansvr her, now turning to Alico Butler. 'Plv dreadful for you ! Such anxiety, such u;or' tainty, and when you aro engaged to hiii' To tho proud, well-bred DauntohSj/^lr8- Arthur,' as she was called, for years.l'~ ueon a' subject of inexpressible annoyance. ' °ne time Sir James would scarcely re''° uor ohilly at tho court, but his wife's'oatnand his own ill-health had ohanged hiaea^-.and made him regard tho things of thi^orld ™ tt different light to when ho was aounS--r and stronger man. So for his brot;? ' 1uk8 and his nephews ho tried to bear wif hlB Bisterin law.. But she was in truth alcst unendurable to him. Sho was so careless if511' her appeur ance, so haBty in temper, Ro'^rpanhing and presuming, that to a refined *n 'ko sf James her prosenco was a torture. 3JO wa? als0 v*r3r avaricious,, and was tror104 'wlth n0 fiuB hcruples about asking for i7tnmg she wanted. ' Arthur says it is Bur°sed ho was robbed and ? ' Mrs-Dauntonft111,6*1. but before she . could prooeed furthor -°». her speoch, Ahoe Butler stopped her wifau impressivo goeture. ' Do not talk of it /Present Mrs. Daunton,' she said ; 'wo know1015'11^ yet— and— and it is very trying to Sir amoB ' Of course, vo?man' replied Mrs. Daun ton, shaking her/ead- and looking with hor littlo brown oyet'\S' JaraeB's pale, quivering face; 'horout'eel it; I am suro I feel it— oh ! indeed it!vcrv Bad Of what t* Bho reaU7 thinking P Sho was thinking ' J'^011'' 'aii' long- Poor man ; lean seo that a?i now ttat Jim is out of my Arthur's way ovoW1'1^ ?'?'!! ko all right.' And again l,er onceJmely faco beamed in spite of hor solf. Pe Poor broken-hearted father's loss waB'jlf gain. If James Daunton woro dead, her ^e8' 80n- Arthur Daunton, was tho jirc/hoir to tho titlo and estates. And in }l0riarrow heart was ono strong instinct ; Bho jo,a hnr son with a passionate, unreasonable 1,0. She was jealous of his affection ; she fited. Alico Butler because she boliovod Arthur .oved her ; she had hated James Daunton bo ,'cau6o ho had stood in her Arthur's way. i , / But sho did not tell anyone this. Sho would / have kissed both Sir James and Alico whon she / wont away if thoy would havo kissed her. As / it was sho pressed thoir handB, and called them / 'dears' und ' darlings,' and was just taking / her departure when another telegram arrived / from Arthur Daunton, and Bho insisted on / - staying to learn its contents. Thoy woro as ' follow: — , ? ' Tho sea has at last oast up a relic of poor . JamcB ;' a handkerohiof marked with hia narao -waswashed ashore thiB morning.' Chapter HI. — A Message fboh the Sea. And there was no doubt that tho frail squaro of linen, which the sea had given up from its wild keeping, had onoo belonged to Jumus Daunton. ? It had drifted ashoro ontangled in some sea-weed, and was found in tho oarly morning by a boatman, lying on tho sand. Arthur Daunton had offered a large roward for tho diFCOvery of anything, or any informa tion connected with tho disappearance of his lost cousin, and tho boatman thoreforo at oneo took tho wet handkerchief to tho caatlo. Tho namo was quite distinct, and it was easily identified ob having really been James Daun ton's property, for it was ono of a set, tho rest of which wore among hia wardrobe. It was supposod to tell a melancholy talc. It had been washed by tho waves from the dead man's pocket, it was thought, and few doubted now what had been the fate of James Daunton. He hod been robbed and murdered, it was said, and his body thrown into the sea. But if this were so, tho waves never brought him back. ' Tho hollow Bounding and mysterious main' kept the secret, and tho woman who should have been his wife, and tho father who had idolised him, had not tho poor comfort of standing by his grave. At tho court tho nows fell as a crushing blow on Sir James, utterly breaking down tho ill— assumed hopefulness with which he had triod to buoy up Alice Butlor's heart aDd his own. For hours after Arthur Daunton's telegram arrived ho was in a fainting condition, and Mrs. Daunton refused to leave him, and kept watching his feeble breath with greedy eyoB. But as he recovered ho waved her away. 'Tell her to go,' ho said in his weak, faltering voice to Alice, and Alico did tell her. ' But, my dear, his own sister-in-law,' re monstrated Mrs. Daunton, 'surely I'm the person to he with hiiti, not a young girl like you — no relation, too.' 'He wishes mo to bo with him,' answered Alice, and Sir James held out his trembling1 hands towards her as she spoke. 'Do let mo stay with you, dear James,' urged Mrs. Daunton, but Sir James would not look at her, and mado no nnswer. ' You had better go,' said Alice, ' you only disturb him ;' and at last Mrs. Daunton went, vowing vengeanco in her heart against Alico Butler.. But Alico never oven noticed that sho was angry. Sho scarcely saw her — bIio waB think ing of the lonely coast and tho silent witness that tho sea-wash had carried to the shore. What was the stout, red-faced woman who bounced out of the room to her, a tender hearted, loving girl, who had lost in one blow all that mado life sweet or pleasant to hor ? But Mrs. Daunton went homo to the rectory, and wrote in very angry fashion to her son Arthur at Tyniiiov:h about 'that Alico Butler.' 'Sho looks like a ghost,' Bhe in formed him 'and though slio must know your jloor cousin Jim is dead, yet she gives herself airs, and bikes possession of your uncle, exactly as if she were Iub daughter. It is too abBurd ! Ho, poor man, is evidently dying, and then, my Arthur, with a proud and happy heart, I shall see you master »t the court.' Arthur Daunton rewarded his mother's affec tion and good wishes by flinging this letter on tho floor with a curse after ho had read it. Ho gave no love to his mother. She was almost ob nntagonistical to him as she was to Sir James. Her appearance, her affected warmtb. of heart, and her ill- concealed calculating sel fishneES, alike made him wince. Yet after awhile he lifted up her letter, and re-read her words — 'Master at tho court.' This phrase meant so much to an ambitious, determined man. He had always meant to riso in tho world this Arthur Daunton, but how different and much easier would be the ascent now when the bright young cousin who had stood in his way had so mysteriously disap peared. And Alico Butler? A cynical smile stolo round Arthur's lips as ho thought of this pure, beautiful girl, who had fascinated him in spite of himself, and certainly from no wieh of her own. Alice Butler had always been cokl and gentle to him, and treated him as li' lover's cousin and nothiag moro. ' ' But now,' thought Arthur Daup°n- bitterly ' now, when I am tho heir as .ames was, what will she say to mo now ?' He shrugged his shoulders, and thn went outtownlkalongthoshoro.'stillthiukin01 Alice Butler. Ho stood looking ut tho wa^s with a gloomy faco, wondering why ho love- n woman who was bo indifferent to him. ™?r other women had loved him warmlyj)nsii'onatcJyi for tho sake, perhaps, of his heav'1'! foco, and had told him that lame and linyno aH ue .was, he waB moro to them than all »uerB Yet for Alico Butler's sake-0 would givo up this deep love, and break «s that his honour bound him to bo true to. Wore other men as mad? ho kept thinking./ Was such over powering passion comni'* ? F°r a fow briof years of happinoss— of Jappmcas doubtful at the best, and when the.0'11'' loved you not— were theromany whofol'dg!TO up so much? Ho believed that.™' tliis lifo ended our existence, and tha*'8 fi10 dumb beasts die, so would die tlio mr' £''tod- the strongest, tho wisest of tho child-'11 of men. Why struggle, then, against an ,erpowering feeling that had grown up oppr--d t0 I'8 own will ; fighting with what mr ca' honour, and too strong ta bo subdued, truSfl totally nnretnrned. While ho r''1 wi* f°ldeil armBi moody and reflective, h^as joined by Captain Layton. Instantly j8 expression changed, for ho too1! no couniselloor friend into the secret chambers of his heaj/alway8 wearing in public, a certain mask tr' ^e nad chosen to assume. He waa called / pleasant, sarcastic fellow, who took life oAy- and motle the host of it. This was tho /rthur Daunton that tho world know, umiwith a pleasunt smile, he now spoko to L,ton. / What does tho sound of tho sea make you ,el,' ho said, with .a littlo shrug of his houldcrs, ' sad or merry ?' ' Sad enough, always, now,' Baid Layton, 1 ' lor it constantly reminds mo of your poor cousin.' ' Poor Jim ! Yes, I suppose you is his vast grave,' said Arthur Daunton, pointing to tho sea. 'I supposo bo, yet I cannot realiso it still, poor Jim ! I can't fo.-get tho bright look on his faco, as ho went out that fatal night.' ' Ho was a madman to go,' replied Arthur Daunton ; ' but it was his fate — ho had had a good lifo of it before — a short, but a happy lifo.' ' Ho had so much to livo for,' said Layton; ' It Eeems nil Buoh a mystery — rich, going to many a woman ho was fond of ? ' ' X et ho mot his death going to meet another woman,' interrupted Daunton, oynically. ' That must make it so bitter to Miss Butlor — but he was fond of her, really fond of her, for he has often told mo so ; but ho was high spirited, and tlio veiy danger, tho romunco of the idea, made him go. Poor Daunton.' 'It's a torriblo affair, whichever way wo take it.' ' Most torriblo. And this poor girl, Misa Butler ; Bho ia very handsome, iB sho not, and was very deeply attached to Daunton?' asked Layton. For a moment there flitted an expression over Arthur Daunton's fino features that Cap tain Layton had never Been there before. Tno next, ho replied, very gravely and calmly. 'Yes, sho is very handsome,' ho said, ' and seemed to care for poor Jim.' 'I fear she will nover get over it,' said Captain Layton. Arthur Daunton gave a little hareh laugh, which somehow seemed very much out of place to his companion. 'Never!' ho said, ' when was that word ever associated, in a woman's mind with tho idea of marriago ? If one man dioB, ian't there always another fool ready to fill his plaoe?' ' You think sho will forgot him, then ?' 'My dear follow, haven't wo forgot loves and found now ouea BomotimeB boforo the old ones were happily departed? Our affoctions change pretty often, I fancy, until wo aro too old and too ngly for anyone to look at ub, and then wo take up with tlio idea of another world when thiB ono is weary of us.' Captain Layton mado no reply to this. Ho waB a thoughtful, quiet man, and tho faith and belief in a greatness that was bo yond bis knowlodgo, which Arthur Daun ton lacked, was not wanting in Captain Layton. He I had been terribly shockod, too, at tho disappearance of his friend Jamos Daunton. A young man snatched away in tho midst of a bright and happy life naturally had drawn his thoughts to tho briof and uncertain tenuro on which wo hold our earthly existence. And Arthur Daunton was quick to -see his mood. 'Forgivo my stale old truiem,' ho said, putting his arm through Layton's, for tho two men had grown friendly during tlio last fow days, ' and I want you^to do a favour for me, ' Layton. When I return to Daunton — and I see no good in stoyijijy on here — will you go with mo P Not to tho court, that wouid bo in flicting too much pain on you, but to my mother's houeo at tho rectory ? I tell you oan didly why I wish you to go. I winli you to see Misa Butler, and tell kcr all you know about poor Jamca.' ' You mean about the letter and tho photo graph r' hesitated Layton. 'Yes; I havo written it. Sho mado me swear to her to write everything 1 hoard, but I would rather she heard the story from you.. You sec this sad business of Jim's pats mo in a most painful position. If Jim is dead I am the heir to the place and tho title. Miss Butler was engaged'to Jim as you know, and she mny not unnaturally' (and ho Bhrugged his shoulders) 'think that I havo a motive for exaggerating the truth. I have none, but women aro hard to convince.' ' If you wish it — ' still hesitated Layton. ' I do wish it. I warn you my mother is a foolish, and very much too out-spoken a woman. I had a letter from hor that made n.o very angry to-day, but its tone allowed mo what other people, I suppose, will think. Altogether it is an annoying position for mo, and I wish, you to see my uncle if possible, and at all ovonte to sen MiBB Butler?' ' Well, I ran go -with you,' said Layton, 'I was the In st person who spoko to' poor James before he left the castle ; I was tho only person who saw tho letter and the picture that we feared lured him to hia death. Yes, I think I should sco his father and tho poor girl who would havo been his wife. It will be very painful, but still I think it iB right.' ' I think bo too. Thank you very much for promising to go. Could you arrange to go to morrow, do you think, and I will writo to my mother to tell her to expect us ?' . ' Yes, I can go to-morrow,' began Captain Layton. But here ho was interrupted. Pretty little Mrs. Lee and Major Lee had recognised Captain Layton and Arthur Daunton from tho cliffs above the .shore, and Mrs. Lee had in sisted upon going to join them, because she was particularly anxious to make tho acquain tance of Arthur Daunton. ' How are you, Cuptain Layton?' she said in her usual coquettish, little manner, and after Captain Layton had returned her salutation she looked with her sweetest smile at Arthur Daunton. ' Will you introduce mo,' she said, speaking to Laytou, but looking at Daunton, ' to thia gentleman? I wish to know you bo much,' sho went on, now addressing Daunton, 'for you aro the cousin I think of poor Captain Daunton, whom I knew so well.' Arthur Daunton bowed gravelv ' I am Captain Daunton's cr»'sin,' ho said. ' Oh, was it not too Ba-3i'' continued tho little woman. 'Will yo» turn with me?' sho Srocccded. ' ' I want t» talk with you so much, fy husband, Mr. Puunton,' she went on in troducing her Richard to Arthur Dhunton. 'Richard, dear, walk behind with Captain Layton, I wieh to say a few words to Mr. Daunton, about hia poor cousin.' 'Richard, dear,' of course, did as ho was told, for ho never disputed the will of his pretty wife, but ipeut a very happy and con tented existenceunder her affectionate rule. ' Very well.dorling,' he said, and fell back a few paces, vhile littlo Mrs. Leo walked on and looked u? with her bright eyes in Arthur Daunton's landeomo fuco. 'rsee7can confide in you,' bIio said, 'I alwaj s ldow at tho firf-t glanco if I can trust anyone/ 1 am sure I can trust you, and I wish bo mucJ to talk to you about James.' ? ??ynikuew him well, thon?' Baid Arthur Da,.iton. ifrs. Leo cast up her pretty oyos. 'Well,' sho said, 'Ah, yes, indeed, find .i'e told mo something ; you know ho lunched with U6 tho very day of his mysterious disap pearance i' 'No, I did not know.' ' He did, then, and ho walked with mo hore afterwards, and Mr. Daunton, it's very sad, terribly sad, but I sometimes fear from what he said that day that he destroyed himself.' 'Destroyed himself?' repeated Arthur Dauntou, in genuine surprise.' 'I sometimes fear so ; o? coiirso, I have said nothing of this to my husband, it would dis tress him, and I could not tell the police, and Captain Layton ib not a man in whom I could confide ; but that day poor James was so sad, so silent, eo unliko himself, that I asked him the cause — and — and he said some very foolish things — ho was very foolish, unhappily about me — and when I told him not to talk bo, he said — I forget quite what ho said, but ho gave mo tho impression that ho did not wibIi to livo.' Arthur Daunton turned round, and stared in unfeigned astonishment at tho littlo woman by his side. Such overwhelming vanity was quite now to him, and ho felt interested. 'You mean,' ho said, with a grim smile stealing over his faeo in spite of himself, 'that ho admired you too much for his own happiness? I do not wonder at his taste.' 'Ah, you must not say that ! But tho idea has made me so unhappy. I know thoy say lie was murdered for his watch and rings (ho had two splendid r'ngp) ; and ho may havo been, but I know too that ho did not desire to livo. I am sure of that, and I felt so interested in you when I saw you, thut I determined to tell 3-ou if I had the opportunity. Captain Luytou told me ho was engaged to somo girl you know, and it was irhcn-I asLed him about this thai ho said he' was so unhappy, and that night ho died — I do not say how, but I havo my fears ; I cannot suppreso my fcarc, and I feel happier ? now when I havo confided in you.' And Mrs. Lee again looked in Arthur Daunton's face with her deep blue eyes. He paid her somo compliments, and then ho grew tiled of hor. He looked at his watch and pretended ho had an engagement, and after bidding Mrs. Leo good-bye, ho put his arm through Captain Layton's. ' Was that littlo woman,' he asked, 'ono of poor Jim's many loves ?' 'No,' answered Captain Layton, sharp'y ; ' ho flirted with hor, I beliovo, but sho fancies' overyono is in lovo with lier.' ' She is a littlo fool,' said Arthur Daunton. Nevertheless ho did not forget what Mrs. Lee had told him, {To he continued.) 