CERTAIN LECTURES. BY THE WInow Dcss. YE SPORTING PROPHET. No, I didn't go out on Saturday, Mr. Kno. emall. I've snoetling better to do with my time than attending race meetings. Elih ? Did I notice how near you came to tipping the winner? No, I did not; I noticed that you selected Little John, but I believe the horse was scratched, so I don't see how you could have got very near. Oh I if Little John hadn't been scratehed, he'd have won, and you'd have been successful, eh? Is that the way you make itout? Oh, you did, did you ? You said that tire winner, if not Little John, must come from Ben Bolt, Boolka, Britisher, Silvermine, Millstream, Losbia, Mentmore, Burrilda, Recall, or Tarpeia, did you? And, might I ask, why did you leave out Tire Lovite, Bomnny Doon, Jim Cain, First Consul, Zeno, Remus. and St. John? It was so hazardous, you know, to restrict your choice. to such a few? Oh, you tipped The Baron for the Selling- Raeo, St. Michael for tire Nursery Handirap, and Grace Darling for the Caulfield Stakes, did you?. But none of 'em won, Ir. lnmoenmall, so I don't see where your foresight carme in. - Slight have won if the others hadn't, of course; why, bless my soul, so they might ; I never thought of that. Told a follow to back lien Bolt two months ago, did you? Well, why didn't you back him yourself? Oh, you were put off by a friend, were you? But if you knowthe horse was such a sure thing, I am surprised that you didn't have resolution enough to put your money on him, and lot your friend back his own fancy. My son, Pat, was told about Ben Bolt some time ago, but he went and backed Millstream in spite of advice, and now hoe's regretting it. Seems to me, MIr. Kno. emall, that everybody told everybody else that the horse that won was the only horse that could win. I am surprised that the owners of the other horses didn't withdraw their animals and let Dr. O'Hara have the course to himiself, if everybody knew that Ben Bolt was the only thing in it. Ehl? Got a good tip for the Derby, have you? Well, what is is t? Oh, Trident; well, I heaeverybody say the same thing, but I think you kuow.alls will look very funny when the race is over, and Trident doesn't ovee get a place. Implo?siblce, is it? Hein ! There have been greater certainties that have turned out failures before now. By all ac counts the Derby ind Cup are both morals for Trident, but in the end those wiseacres who won't touch anything else may findl that there is more than one horse in both the races. Tipped a winner five years ago, did you? Vell, what's that got to do with this year? Eh? Oh, it shows that you do know something about it, does it? I see; you tipped a winner five years ago, and will trade on that for the next fifteen years. But don't you ever think that the public get rather weary of your continual blarney, about that one success? Ehl? Tipped any amount of thirds, have you? That's awfully clever, I'm sure; only, unfortunately, the public don't go in for backing for third place as much as they do for first. But, I lave no doubt that if you keep on you will tip another winner some day,.and then you'll be able to bore the people even morethan yousdo nowv, if that is possible. Eh? Had a dream about the Melbourne Cup. Well, what was it? Oh, dreamt that two witches were qluarrelling about a brand new trident, and that one wrestled it from the other, and held it aloft with a blue and white flag fluttering from the top of it. And from that you think of Trident and its colors for the Cup, do you ? Well, Ihad a dream too. I dreamt that I was walking through the Fitzroy Gardens one day, and I saw a man wcith a gun steal round a tree and wait till a bird flew from its branches, when Ihe lifted up his gun and shot the bird dead-it was a fine Kingtisher, and Pat told me that it really means that the horse called Kingfish will winl the Mellbourne Cup. Eh ? Hasn't got a ghost of a show, hasn't it? How can you tell? Most of the horses have a show, and I don't see why mine shouldn't. But, Mr. Knoemall, don't you think it is foolish for you to stick yourself up as such a great authority on racing matters, when, after all, there's any amount of luck in it? Where is it ? Why, an accident might leave the horat lorse tie winner, heavy weather might give tIhe top weight all tire chance thiat the favorite light weight would have on a fine course ; there are hundreds of thinbgs that might put the most certain horse oilf, and then where are you? Eh? Mr. Tooral looral stands to win £50,000, does he ? Well, the first time I heard it was £5,000, then £10,000, then £20,000, and nowit's £50,000. I suppose if many more people tell me about it, it may eventually reaco a million. Eh? Oh, no, I won't forget, MAr. Kno emall. Your tip is Trident, and your Caul field Cup tip was Little John. I l remem. ber that, you can he sure ; and if you're suc cessful on the Derby I'll also remember not to go too near you until the fever has gone ofir bit. Ta-ta, pleasant dreams to you the winners of Derby and Cup, and, perhaps, a good, well-bred, two to one night-mare. 