SSHBONVNAi A TALK OF THIRTY YEAB8 AG-J Br ROBERT BBUCE. [All rights reserved by the author.] CHAPRER XXXII (continued). A QENEBA.L CLEARING OP. Of coarse when Hall, for so we most now call the overseer, went to the hutbuilders' camp, it was with the intention of establishing an alibi, for remembering the rocky nature of the bed8 of the Illearoo and Benbonuna, he considered it quite practicable to go and come without leaving any tracks likely to betray^ him. His original notion was to commit the murders barefooted, to indnce the belief that a native had been the assassin, to farther which delusion he had concocted the story of the speared heifer (himself committing that piece of savagery to substantiate bis tale); but when the cnlleah were unexpectedly prod need by Falconer, he had bethought himself that the armory of Moses was sticking in the bushes of that worthy's wurley, and that nothing would be easier than to abstract them, as Mrs Blowhard never stayed at the camp by hereelf ; and he also knew perfectly well that the old lubra would attribute their disappearance to the visit of a " salt water black," especially when she saw the strange blurry tracks leading to and from the gap. Everything was in his favor, and in anticipation he gloated over the destruction of his enemies. The devil is often kindest to bis most devoted followers when be is on the very verge of abandoning them to their deserts; and so it was with Hail, who little dreamed that hot night, when he had finished bis bloody work, and was search - ing the bodies for any written evidence against himself, by the light of a piece of composite candle be had brought with him, that, from the ruins of the calf pen, his pet spy was watching his movements with dilating eyes, from which terror had dragged away th9 misty curtain of intoxication. Yes, Brasher was sober enough at that dreadful moment, and proved himself to be so, by holding bis very breath lest it should betray him, though he could hear the violent pulsations of his heart, which seemed about to suffocate him, antil at last, overcome by his suppressed emotion, he unconsoiously emitted a heavy groan, which so startled the murderer that, snatching up the native weapons at his feet, he extinguished bis light and fled into the creek like a hunted animal. He did not pnuse to listen till he arrived at the waterhole out of which Moses afterwards fished the weapons, which Hall threw into it when assured he was not pursued. Then, unwitting of the lost culleah, owing to the preoccupation of his mind on the subject r of the groan, he made his way back to Illeuroo, and only discovered his loss when entering the creek ; and by that time he had almoBt persuaded himself that the groan which had so startled him was a creation ofjhis own disordered imagination. But whatever he might think about the groan, there was in the loss of the culleah something which might lead to awkward discoveries. Such was his first thought, and the question at once arose— Should he go back to search for it, or not? A very little reflection convinced the ex-bushranger that the first coarse was oat of the question, for by adopting it he would be so much delayed that grey dawn would be stealing the sleep from the eyes of those early birds, the hntbuilders, before he could return to their camp, which it was imperative that he should do unobserved. Besides, he argued with himself, that the culleah must have come off in the bed of the creek, where its mungoo lashings would be severely tried amongst the rough stones, and in such a situation it would be no evidence against him unless a clue to his identity had previously been obtained ; and that contingency he fondly imagined was out of the question, for he had been particularly careful to traverse none bat the most impracticable tracking country in his journey to the station for the weapons and thence to the Flagstaff, with the exeeption of that part between the blacks' camp and the back Gap, where in the light powdery soil the tracks were, as he intended they should be, plainly apparent. Such being the case, it only remained for him to furnish Falconer with a plausible reason for the disappearance of bis culleah, and being no novice in such situations, he soon hit upon an explanation. Then, trusting to his "run of luck," he stretched himself on the sheepskin pallet by the smouldering embers of the camp fire as quietly as if he had never left it. But how came Brusher in the calf pen on that eventful night? This can be best explained in that double-dyed traitor's own words, given, however, coherently, not as delivered. " Well, d'ye see, when BaggB downed to it by the Dart, d'ye see, I thought I'd collar my lush an' slope, d'ye see. But my legs doubled right up, d'ye see, an' what I did arterwards I don't know, d'ye see, till I woke, like thinkin' I were bein' killed myself, d'ye see, in the pen, d'ye see, an' seein' the gaffer a searchin' ov the bodies ; an' then I know'd what were up, d'ye see." " But are you sure he killed them ?" asked Mr Probyn. " Am I sure be killed 'em 1" gasped the wounded man painfully, but with bitter scorn, " Arsk Mr Bowyer who killed 'em." " Does Mr Bowyer know what you have told me ?" " He read the tracks like a book, d'ye see, an' bluffed the rest oat ov me, d'ye see." " And does he know about Mrs Hall ?" "No, d'ye see, he don't, d'ye see and then Brusher, speaking apparently to himself, murmured, " She'd a bin a goold mined to me, she would." Mr Probyn could easily imagine how the old convict would have worked the mine in question, and as with a mingled feeling of pity and abhorrence he regarded the ghastly wretch before him, he could not help thinking that Hall's pistol had done the world a service in ridding it of such a reptile—for that Brasher was near bis end was now patent to those who surrounded him. In fact he expired by suffocation from internal hemorrhage before they could get him to the station, and his body was carried to the smith's shop and laid on the work bench. CHAPTER XXXIII. TBE END OF THE CHASS. " Lord sakes! What's happent till ye, Mecster Bowyer ?" This question was addressed by old Macgregor,sitting like a statue of astonishment on his old mare, to the owner of Winnawarrille, who, rather groggy about the legs, stood steadfastly and half stupidly gazing dt the body of the Emu ; his face and hands were badly cut, his elbows were out of the sleeves of his blue shirt, and his knees protruded through the ruins of the "Number Nines"—altogether he presented a generally battered and ruinous uppearance." " Did you see him ?" demanded Bowyer, as if awaking out of a dream. " See wha ?" quavered old Mac. ' " Why Hawley, to besure,"cried Bowyer now rapidly recovering from the stupefying effects of his fall. " Hawley ?" gasped the old Scotchman with open-aioutbed astonishment. " Here, give me that horse. You would 'ent have seen him if he had run over you!" cried Bowyer, dexterously unseating the old tnin. " Tell the others to look alive," and without allowing time for questions or rem instranco, he sprang on the back of " Auld Mei?" and urged her in the direction of tho Pine Flat as if he had most pressing business there. " Loosh Bave us," ejaculated the dismounted Mac, " is the mon gane daft ?" Then collecting himself and casting a look around, he saw that the Emu had been shot, and that a large carpet snake lay dead near by, and audibly soliloquised—' There's been wild wark here, an' if the Deil himsel' has no had a haund in it, bis ain beastie has. Loosh save us ! I hope there's na bushrangers about—but there's muir o' them comin," he concluded, as the troopers and Frank made their appearance on nags so thoroughly blown that a shambling canter was all that could be Borewed out of them. " What's a' this aboot ?" he asked, hastening to the new comers, but it appeared that he was as little likely to get satisfaction from them as from Bowyer, for they, not then perceiving the dead horse, nearly rode ovei the old Scot in the eagerness of pursuit, Ganders shouting as he passed— " Which way did he go ?" " If you mean MeeBter Bowyer, he's just gane along there," pointing in the direction of the Pine Flat. The paity pulled up beside the dead horse, but upon learning that their leader was still in pursuit dashed off again withoot further parley, Mac callihg after them— " Suld ye ketch him, Corporal, just tell him to deal gently wi' my auld mear, for she's na nsed till thao wild young fallows. But they're a' daft tliegether," he con eluded, when be found as he afterwards said, that " he might just as sune whistled jigs to a millstane as ca' after they callants" As there had been no communication between the bead station and Ummarilpena since the murders, Mac'6 perplexity, is easily to be accounted for ; but he was a Tery matter of fact individual, and therefore, after taking a second review of the situation, seated himself at the foot of a gum tree, took out bis pipe, regarding it in a meditative manner while he charged it, and gravely remarked, " Ah weel, I'll see just tak a whiff or two oot o' o' ye, an maybe by that time some o' tha fallows '11 be comin' back ; and then we'll ken a'aboot it," with which consoling reflection be produced a tin tinder box and flint and steel (Mac liked to be " savin 1 o' the the spunks"), and by means of tbat primitive fire-raiser (then very commonly need in the bush) soon had bis catty in full blast, and felt rather comfortable than otherwise, especially as Sandy McGinnis was on his way from Uminariipena to Benbonana with the ration cart, and in fact should then be close at hand, having started earlier than Mac, but having to go a little further ound. Bowyer must still have been slightly off his head when he started in such a hurry, for in his usually cool and collected state of mind he would not have gone a yard, his game being out of sight, without making sure by the tracks as to the direction Hall had taken. As it was, he cooled down with every stride "auld Mag" unwillingly took, and by the time he had gone a couple of hundred yards or so he began to look eagerly on the road for tracks, hut not finding any, muttered a curse on his own stupidity and set to work to rectify his mistake. Had he not thought of the sly chuckle with which old Mac would certainly greet his inglorious reappearance, and of the ludicrous story he would afterwards circulate for the delectation of the district, he would then and there have returned to the scene of his downfall and taken up the tracks of the fugitive ; but he, who in a blue shirt and moleskin pants would fearlessly have invaded the fashionable world, shrank from the lying sarcasms of an " auld wife i' breeks" (as Mac's very much better half called him—and she certainly ought to know what she was talking about). Finding himself at fault, Bowyer took a semicircular course to th north-east, and finding no fresh tracks in that direction, doubled back towards the western range, and was just on the point of crossing the road again when he was joined by Frank and the troopers, the former having exchanged horses with the corporal, who was horribly crestfallen at the fiasco he had made, and began in the " who'd have thought it" style to account for it, when he was cut short by Bowyer. " Look here, Ganders, he bowled me over properly back at the creek there, and we've made a howling mess of it. The oniy thing left to do, that I can see, is to rouse the country with as little delay as possible." " You don't mean to say that we are to give up the chase ?" demanded the corporal, with the air of a man who was determined to follow the hunt till his own ghost should be blown by a " northerly buster" from that of his charger. "Off you go, Corporal. If you are determined to catch him in tbat manner, pray don't let me stop you," replied Bowyer politely, with a faint twinkle of the old humor in bis eye. " Oh, I don't mean that, you know, Mr Bowyer ; but fancy the devilish awkward fix I'm in." " Well, you were a little too cock sure, as I was afraid you would be. But we've no time to waste, and this iB what I have to propose. You start your fellow on to Ummarilpena; let him get a fresh horee there, and ride as fast as he can to Woodlawooltena, where there are lots of fat horses and idle stockmen. Let him get old Lindsay Patterson to alarm all that side of the country; Mr Heslop here will, I am sure, oblige us by returning straight to B. nbonuna, whence Mr Probyn can send me6s< ngers to Nooltana and Wirracowie to let Ann strong and Higgins know ; and then they will soon do the telegraphing io that direction. What do you think corporal : will that do ?" "Could not be better—and we ?" returned Ganders, who could not help admitting the merits of the plan. " 0, we'll stick to the tracks, when we can find them again ; that is, if you have no objection." " You're the beRt hand at tracking, Mr Bowyer, so I'll follow you I" answered the Corporal readily, only too glad to have such a reliable comrade ae the tall squatter at hand, in case of a rencontre with the redoubtable Hall. " That's settled then. Frank, you know what to do, would you mind starting at once ? Willis, you know your way to Ummarilpena?" " Yes, well, but the nearest way is by the bridle path from the head of the creek over there, is it not ?" asked the young trooper preparing to follow the example of HeBlop, who had already started on his mission. " Yes, you evidently know the country. Collar any horse you can lay hold of, and never mind what Mrs Mac says. Off you go !" " All right, sir. Any orders Corporal ? "Only that you'd better—. Well, I don't know. What do you think, Mr Bowyer ?" hesitated the corporal, whoee thoughts had been so absorbed by the bushranger's escape, that he had lest the thread of Bowyer's proposition, and was like a cargo of newly landed immigrants. " all abroad." " You know your own business best, Corporal, hut as you ask my opinion, I should say let Willis be guided by his own judgment, for circumstances may materially alter oases,especially in a matter like this." "I think you're right, Mr Bowyer. Willis, do thr- best you can. Good day." "Goo.J .!aj', gentlemen," returned the young troopor, touching his cap in salute and riding off towards Ummarilpena on a line that would soon take him into the creek which he proposed to follow. Bowyer and the Corporal set to work in earnest to pick up the lost trail, and soon convinced themselves that the fagitive had followed up the stony bed of the. watercour.se. On the suggestion of the squatter they took opposite banks of the creek, by following which they wonld cut any tracks issuing from it. They rode along as fast as the inequality of the ground and the exigencies of tracking would permit. Bowyer had only just observed, "It is lucky I sent Mr Heslop back, for it's the Lord Mayor's show to an organ grinder's, tbat Hall iB bound for the Illeuroo and means to make straight for the "other side"—when a loud and piercing cooeey came sharply to their ears. Both men urged their horses to a canter in response to the summons, and Willis was seen hastening to rejoin them as fast as he could spur his jaded horse, only to pull up suddenly as soon as be perceived that they, for whom he was so eagerly searching, were approaching. " What's up, Willis ? Have you discovered anything ?" cried the Corporal, in a wild state of excitement directly he was within ear shot. "Yes! the dead body of Hall!" shouted the trooper, turning his horse and starting back in the direction he had come from. " Never !" burst simultaneously from the lips of the astonished pair, followed by the brief inquiry, " Where ?" as they spurred their horses after the trooper. " Quite close here. He's an awful sight —here he is I" Baid Willis, as be pulled up by a great hollow gum tree, and there, on the ensanguined boulders of the watercourse lay the naked corpse of the once dreaded bushranger, so mutilated that his own mother would scarcely have recognised him. " Ram Billy's work!" cried Bowyer directly he saw the body, and instantly added " He can't have ten minutes start of us. Scatter round ; we must not let him get away." Then suiting the action to the word, he commenced an instant search for the murderer, in which the police zealously joined, but, as it proved, in vain, for though they examined all the trees in the vicinity and scoured the country around it, they could get no Bight of the native, who favored by the covor of the pineB and the hard 8ad uneven formation of the country on which they grew, had stolen away like a wild dog. But though they were unsuccessful in the primary object of the search, they found and secured Cricket, and also fell in with McGinnis, in whose cart the body of Hall was placed for transmission to Benbonuna, whither the troopers, whose horseB were aboGt played out, also departed, taking with them old Mac's mare in order to pick up the under-overseer on the way. Bowyer mounted Cricket and continued the search for Billy, from which he did not desist till the darkness of night rendered all farther exertion futile, and he had reluctantly to give up and make the best of his way back to the station, which he reached at a late hour, to find, of course, everything in confusion. CHAPTER XXXIV. * NEMESIS. The catastrophe to Bowyer and the Emu, as recorded in a previous chapter, was caused, as the reader has no doubt already surmised, by the revolver of the ex-husliran^er, who in place of continuing his flight after turning the sharp angle in the creek, had suddenly pulled up, and, trusting to his skill with the pistol, dismounted from Cricket, thrown the rein over the limb of a bueh, posted himself behind a boulder and prepared to take a pot 6hot at the tall squatter. On came the Emu at the long sweeping gallop peculiar to him ; Hall, with firmly braced e nerves and pitiless eye, threw up his hand and closed his finger steadily on the trigger; and it was all Covent Garden market to a gooseberry, that a longer grave than usual would have to be dug on Benbonuna, when just at the critical moment a strange rustling sound came from the rock close by Hall's ear. Instinctively he knew the cause ; the curious thrill which passes through a man's nerves when a snake is near, communicated a slight tremor to his pistol hand, and the ball, instead of picrcing the breast of Bowyer, entered the brain of the grand old Emu, killing instantly the best horse in the Far North. " Damnation !" snarled Hall, disgusted with the erring shot which had robbed him of his coveted remount. Then, notwithstanding his imminent peril, he proceeded with his usual vindictiveness to dispatch, by means of stones hastily snatched from the bed of the creek, the harmless carpet snake, almost too lazy to crawl away, which was the innocent cause of his disappointment. There can bo little doubt that this trifling incident saved Bowyer's life a second time, for before Hall could turn his attention to him, the hoof strokes of a mounted horse approaching from the direction of Ummarilpena were heard, and Hall, muttering a malediction on the coming rider, and casting a vengeful glance on his fallen foe, sprang to the back of Cricket, and galloped off along the bed of the creek with the pistol clutched in his hand, evidently prepared to give the newcomer his quietus if he dared to bar his way. But old McGregor (for it was he) owing to deafness and a particularly " brown study," had not only not heard the pistol in the first instance, but as ha came clattering along the hard track, with the rattle of his own beast's feet in his ears, did not notice the noise produced by those of Cricket es he pa66ed at some little distance to the right. But Auld Meg did, and she, judging from past experience tbat her rider and the other fellow would surely desire to ireet for a crack and a smoke, tried all she knew to bring about a comfortable arrangement by slackening her speed, and trying to edge off towards Cricket, but was rewarded for her pains by a vigorous application of Mac's heels, as he remarked— " Ye'll be wantin' to stoop a'thegether neist, ye lazy auld beestie; but wait till we come to the creek, an* then I'll be getting a good swatch till ye." What Mac did when he came to the creek has been told in a former chapter, so we will still follow the ex-bushranger as he swept on with a gleam of contemptuous recognition at his late subordinate u ithout giving him a second thought. He carefully selected the worst tracking portions of the creek bed, and after the immediate excitement of late events began to wear off, bethought himself that he was in a most inhospitable country' (for such gentry &s; himself) ; for the waters were few and far between, and the inhabitants all people who would, directly the hue and cry was raised, join eagerly in pursuit of him. Besides which, in South Australia there were no Blue Mountains as in New South Wales, in the fastnesses of which a desperado might hide, and be supplied with information and provisions by a sy mpathising community almost as lawless as their guest. Hall felt that there was nothing for it but to make his way back by the the way he had come in the first instance —and that lay to the South-East, whiist tbe course be was now forced to pursue lay to the North-West. To turn at onoe to the Eastward wonld almost certainly result in capture, that is, if his pursners became aware tbat he had done so; and therefore for a time be must continue his present course, so as to secure the exclusive attention of his would-be captors in that direction, under tho idea that he had made straight away into the far interior. Busy was the brain and gloomy the brow of tbe homicide as he rode over the sharply ringing boulders, for his chance of ultimate escape was poor, and so !:<• himself evidently thought, till suddenly a gleam of light seemed to break through the darkness of the situation, and unconsciously spurring Cricket,who bounded responsive to the steel, he muttered " Why didn't I think of it before ? By G—d, the very thing ; and I'll give them the go by yet." The idea Hall had so suddenly conceived, was to still follow up the creek (the same in which he bad BO cruelly maltreated Ram Billy) for a mile or two, strike off into one of its western feeders and gain the crest of a low range of stony bills, whence he would descend into the valley of tbe Illeuroo, under Black Jack, run it down to the Benbonuna Creek, and so double back close to the station, where he was least likely to be looked for. Thence he might make his way out to the Bend, before his exit was forestalled by the myrmidons of the law, whilst his immediate enemies would probably be scouring the Western Plain and exploring the recesses of " The Pound" in search of him. Under the influence of this idea, Hall became almost himself again—but Nemesis was close at hand. As he sped along at a fast canter beneath the whispering sprays of the gum trees, a pair of gleaming eyes, directed by the acute hearing of a savage, marked his approach. A swart and naked form glided into the receBses of a huge cavernous eucalyptus, the mighty heart of which had been eaten away in the first instance by dry rot, and subsequently by fierce aspiring flames, until a thin she)!, still crowned by a few straggling boughs, alone remained, and like the crumbling walls of a ruined castle showed but the outline of its former greatness. Had a famished tiger been lurking by the way in anticipation of a meal, Hall could not have been in more deadly peril, for tbe mingled fires of hatred and insanity gleamed from those blood shot eyes,which marked his approach through a rift in the calcined tree shell, and a nervous hand clutched a long heavy mulga spear that woald Barely carry death into the breast it pierced. Would Cricket deteot the presence of that hidden danger and give his master timely warning of it, by curiously observant gaze and keenly projected ears ? No! He swerved not till, just as be was passing close to the tree, Ram Billy issued from his lurking place, and with a swift run drove his spear upwards into the body of his late cruel tormentor. The keen, fire- hardened point entered above the right hip and came out between the ribs on the opposite side, the vengeful force of tbe blow thrusting Hall from the saddle. As he feli he gave vent to a wild scream of mortal agony that would have peopled with ghastly visitants the night watches of any but the most callous of man-slavers, but which was the sweetest of music to the ears of him who thus slaked his revenge for the craeltieB and torture he had endured. When Ram Billy delivered bis deadly thrust he relinquished his hold of the spear to avoid the heels of Cricket, who, swerving wildly from under his falling master, galloped away for a few hundred yards; then slackening speed, he was attracted by some patches of grass, and presently stopped quietly to feed, for the flight of a human soul was nothing to him. The wound Hall had received was not instantaneously mortal, and though, in addition to the spear thrust he was partially stunned by the fall, his hand instwntly sought his pistol; but even had he still sufficient strength and consciousness to use it, no time would have been allowed him either for defence or vengeance. The furious black, seizing a great jagged boulder, dashed it with crushing violence on the head of bis prostrate foe, aud perpetrated such terrible atrocities on the quivering body, after he had denuded it of clothing, that I will not attempt to follow the details, but simply state that he finished up his horrible butchery by skilfully abstracting the caul fat, with which he thoroughly lubricated himself, and then decamped with his booty in the direction of the Pound Range, just as the tramp of a horse was heard approaching. Biily was scarcely out of sight when the trooper Willis rode up on his way to Ummarilpena, and to his unspeakable surprise and horror came suddenly upon the ghastly evidence of the recent tragedy, and as we have seen, at once hurried back to apprise his superior officer and Mr Bowyer of the discovery. (To be continued.) 