HOW THE TENANTS ABE CHECKMAT ING THE LANDLOBDS. The Feeeman of December 4 reports that on Friday at Ballaghaderin, county Mayo, sis thou^ sand of the tenantry of Lord Dillon, following the example set them last week by Lord Clanri eorde's tenants at Portumna, County Galway, offered the agent of the estate their rents minus a reduction of 25 per cent., and on the offer being refused, lodged the money with trustees appointed by themselves, to be used as an estate fund on the lines laid down by United Ieeland's now famous ' Plan of Campaign.' Mr. William O'Brien arrived at Ballaghaderin a few minutes after 1 o'clock. The square and tbo principal streets running therefrom were swarming with people with bands and bannero. A mo3% oa thuaiastic and whole- hearted welcome was accorded Mr, O'Brien and Mr. Dillon At about half-past one o'clock Mr. Dillon waa served with several documents by a detective from Dublin. Meanwhile in the rent office of Lord Dillon, Balloghadorin, oat tho agent to receive tho rents of hio tenanta. About 6,000 of the tennnts were in town, but not even one approached the landlord's rent office. Dele gates from all the branches of tho National League on the Dillon egfcate met together in town, and after duo deliberation decided to ask oa behalf of tho tenants a reduction of 25 per cent, on the rents all round. The delegates then proceeded in a body numbering over forty, and including a large number of priests, to the rent office, and laid their demand before Mr. Hussey. The agent said he had no authority to give any abatement whatever, but if the de putation put their application in writing in the form of a memnrial, he would forward it to Lord Dillon. The deputation then withdrew and advised the tenants to adopt toe 'Plan of Campaign.' The advice was received with great enthusiasm. Mr. Hussey did not get a shilling during the day. At two o'clock a meeting of tenantry Gad their friends, who had flocked into town im enormous crowds, was held in the square, and it is rarely since tho old Land League days that s more magnificent assemblage was witnessed at a land meeting. Several bands were present. The Bev. Dr. O'Haro, Adm., Ballaghaderin, took the chair amid loud applause. The Bev. Chairman said— You have been paying a rental of £25,000 a year — a quarter of a million of money for over ten yeara— and yet Lord Dillon thinks you are able to pay to-day. We come here to ask for justice and to see thafc you have the manliness to determine that if you don't o-et iustice from the landlord vou will take it yourselves. (Applause.) Let me tell you that it all depends upon yourselves. It does not depend upon our friends here, Mr- O'Brien and Mr. Dillon, whom we are glad to have by our side, (Cheers.) Neither does it depend upon the priests. This is a soldier's battle, and the issue depends upon the people. (Cheers.) Very likely within the next month there will be writs and processes about here in abundance, so that you will not want any matches to light your pipe with. (Great laughter,) When the tenants came to me oa Wednesday last I did not like to encourage tfeem much at first. I asked the old men wer3 they prepared to lodge the rents, and they said, '''In the name of the Father^ the Son, and the Holy Ghost, we will.' (Tremendous applause,) I saw some old men who I thought had not a kick in them, and I asked them were they prepared for the fight, sad their answer was, ' Now or never.' (Benewed cheering.) Stirriog speeches were also made by Messrs. O'Brien and Dillon. Mr. Dillon, SI. P., said — In asking for a reduction of 25 per cent, on the rents, you are asking less than justice. Believe me when I say that if you win in this struggle now — and indeed I am sure you will win — it is the last time in this part of Mayo that the reasonable demands of the tenants will ever be refused. (Cheers.) If you get 25 per cent, this year, in consequence of having adopted the plan of campaign, believe me you will get whatever is asked next year. (Cheers.) If the people lie down this winter and allow the land lords to trample upon them, then they never will have a chance again, but if they now stand together and show they are determined to win their rights the landlords will never have the chance o£ trampling on you again. (Applause.) If you have the pluck of the Clan ricarde tenants and adopt the policy we have laid before the people of Ireland Lord Dillon must give way, and give way very soon. (Ap plause.) If you follow our policy as honest men, as brave men, and as men faithful to one another, Lord Dillon is absolutely powerless before you. (Cheers.) But I must remind you that in carry ing out this policy you are not to lie down and sleep. In every district on the estate the mem bers of the different Leagues should meet every Sunday and regularly as they go to mass. (Hear, hear.) The men who are hit first are the first supported, and if you stand firm, as I know you will, the battle is won, and you will soon see Lord Dillon haul down his colours. (Applause.) Mr. William O'Brieh said — I am prouder than I can tell to find myself face to face with this glorious assemblage of the tenantry of Lord. Dillon in the cradle of the Land League, and I am proud to find you alL in grand old Land League fighting form. (Applause.) We are on the eve, my friends, both you and we, of a bit. of battle. For my own part, I say I rejoice that this Tory Government has at last flung off the mask. Mr. Gladstone predicted ? A Voice — A cheer for the Grand Old Man. (Pro longed applause.) Mr. O'Brien — Mr. Gladstone predicted . that Tory Government of: Ireland would be a Govern ment of coercion, and Sir Michael Hicks- Beach, seems to be determined to prove that Mr. Glad stone's prediction is true. (Groans.) Sir Michael Hicks-Beach boasted only last week that the Tory Government was becoming quite popular in Ire land. (Laughter.) He boasted that he would be able in a very short time to wipe out Parnell and Gladstone from the very recollection of the Irish people. (Laughter.) Well, mean and snivelling as is the attack they have made on John Dillon to-day, I venture to say that Hicks-Beach will ri izuiin a long time in power before he will even wipe out the insult that he has given to John Dillon to-day. (Cheers.) He will have to wait until an Irish heart no longer beats. (Great cheering.) But now why is John Dillon attacked by the Go vernment? He has broken no law. He is only doing here in Mayo for you what the Government have found it necessary themselves to do to save our poor down-trodden people from the plunder and exactions of cruel landlords. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach and Ins friend, Lord Randolph Churchill, have admitted that they are bringing all sorts of pressure to bear upon the landlords to reduce their rents. Very well, that's exactly what we are doing, too ; and I promise you that, in spite of the latbitats from Dublin Castle, we will continue to do it as long as God leaves us life ; and, of course, I should add, as long as Dublin Castle leaves us liberty, but when we are gone they may find they will have to go farther and fare worse. (Cheers.) I ask you again why is John Dillon assailed for helping the poor, uiisdrablu, suffering tenants on the Dillon estate here in Mayo ? 'Why is he assailed for doing for you what General Buller is doing for the ten antry down in Kerry ? I will tell you why. Because we are succeeding — because this Plan of Campaign is succeeding — because we are bringing rack-renters to their knees, and ber-ause we are forcing Lord Clanricarde to write humble letters of apology to the Times. (Cheer.s.) We have discovered at last the means, aye, and a perfectly lawful means, of putting the tenantry of Ireland for ever beyond the reach of the power and the caprice of cruel and rapacious landlordism. What is our crime — what is John Dillon's crime ? He glories in it, and so do I; and when he is gone, if gone he should be, I will answer for it that there are hundreds of thousands of Irishmen who will imitate that crime. (Prolonged cheering.) I ask you what is the meaning of that striking at John Dillon ? It proves that they are trembling for the fate of landlordism. It proves they know right well unless they strike iu some wild and in bo me brutal way that here to-day on the Dillon property to-morrow on the Kingston property, and bo on rigAt through the country every body of tenants in the land will shake off their rack rents, and will settle the land question for them selves. (Cheers.) That is why they deliver their miserable blow at John Dillon here. They may gag him, they may gag another individual, or hundreds of thousands of individuals, but the Irish people have seen too much of that kind of thing to allow themselves to be very lnuch frightened by ifc. We wiil live through this as we have lived through any former bout? of the past five or six years, and when the storm of coercion passed away we were victors on the field, and I pro mise you when all is over in this campaign we will be the victors again (cheers), and the cowardly, hypocritical, and snivelling Tory Go vernment will be hurled from power and hurled from Ireland by the united voice and united strength o£ the democrats of England, Scotland, and Wales, and Ireland. (Lengthened cheers.) I am perfectly satisfied from all I have seen that the spirit of the tenants is too strong and too determined to give way now when the power is in their own'hands, and I promise you before the * winter is over such a change will have come over the Jand question that you can for very little pur chase, by-and-by, whatever interest Lord Dillon will have left. (Applause.) The Government may strike here and there and everywhere — what is John Dillon's case to-day will probably be my case to-morrow. If the Government objects to our acting in the open light of day, then I tell them that the Irish people have now learned to act for themselves — they know what to do; and they know how to do it. They know how to keep their own councils, they know how to exercise their most undoubted legal rights, combining fearlessly to bring every rack-renter in the country whining to their tenants for terms. (Cheers.) I will keep you no longer from what is the real business of the day. The fight is only beginning. At every blow the Government strikes at us they will simply be sowing a crop of dragon's teeth for themselves. For my part, I mistake your spirit and the spirit of my fellow countrymen if before this fight, this battle against landlordism, is over you have not seen the last of auy rent-office, and I mistake you if you don't show that you have it in your power this winter, not merely to beat down the last efforts of the landlords to crush you, but to gain for the people of Ireland the possession of the Irish soil, and not only the possession of the Irish soil, but the possession of the right to govern Ireland by Irishmen alone. (Tremendous cheer ing.) LODGING THE RENTS. The meeting then terminated. Until a very l&te; hour in the evening the tenants visited the four houses in the town in which their rents were received by Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Dillon, or some of the local leaders, each being assisted by a staff of clerks preparing receipts, and it was calculated that over £3,000 was received. At night the town was brilliantly illuminated in honour of the eventful proceedings o£ the day. 