Novelist. DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. Reprinted from "The Australasian" of 1867 by special permission.) CHAPTER XXIX.—Continued) But enterprise begets competition, and originality leads to imitation. Thus it was that a fellow named Rough, under sentence to two years, took it into his head to do a little agency business for a mere ordinary turnkey, and was fast pocketing all Fenton's cash; and what was more embarrassing still, was getting quite familiar with the 'mysteries' of the esta- blishment. It therefore became im- perative to remove Rough, and Rough was accordingly removed to another gaol. Some few days after Rough's removal, very early one morning a letter was brought to the gaol gates, addressed to the sheriff. The letter was brought into the gaol office. I took it from the turnkey who handed it in, and as soon as I glanced at the superscription I walked over with it to Mr. Palmer's desk and said—'Rough's writing dangerous.' Mr. Palmer made no reply. He looked at the letter for a minute or two, and then, placing it before me, walked out of the office. "I knew well enough without being told what I had to do, and so, with- out any hesitation. I opened the letter and read it. As I expected, it contained a tirade of abuse against myself, and a long statement in reference to Fenton's money. I copied the heads of the letter, and then enclosed it again quite artistically. Mr. Palmer shortly returned to the office, and I placed my extracts before him. He was quite bewildered as to the steps to be taken, and suggested the advisability of burning the letter. I saw this would not answer, for if Rough heard nothing more of his communication he would be apt to speak to the sheriff on his first visit, and this might lead to awkward inquiries. I therefore advised that the letter should be left the sheriff's office, along with a lot of other papers, before the sheriff arrived, and then the sheriff would not be in the least aware that it had ever been seen in gaol at all. As I always pretended to the prisoners in making bargains with them that the money was kept in an iron safe in the office, of which I possessed a dupli- cate key, and that it was I who was run- ning a desperate risk in taking it out, "Mr. Palmer's name was never mentioned in any bargain that I made with Fenton. If, then, Fenton should be called and ex- amined by the sheriff, I saw clearly enough that if even he told the truth (as the truth seemed to him), the sheriff would detect a lie upon the very face of the story. The balance of money pro- perly due to the man was entered in the prisoners' cashbook, and Mr. Palmer would of course say that he still held it, to be disposed of as the Government might direct. Just what I had anti- cipated really happened. The sheriff, in the course of the morning, came down to the office, and told me to go out for a few minutes, as he wanted to speak to the gaoler. Out I walked accordingly, and in a few minutes Fenton was sent for. He was in with the sheriff for some minutes, and then the sheriff went himself away, and Fenton was locked up. Fenton's statement was (to all appearance) so evi- dently a fabrication that the sheriff wouldn't listen to it. I am not sure, but I believe Rough was punished for making a malicious statement. The only evil re- sulting from this fellow's officiousness was the loss of the money. "I am happy, however, to be able to assure the reader that, through my admirable arrangements and very judi- cious management that these losses occurred but seldom. Pardon this self- laudation but is really my due. "I believe Charles Lamb was not only a very, good author, but a very good clerk into the bargain. But, nevertheless, as a rule, literary aspirations and clerical duties don't very well harmonise. I do not assert that a literary clerk his of necessity a tendency 'to pen a stanza when he should engross,' but I know from my own experience that it is very difficult to be correct in making out accounts when there exists in the mind any tendency to the poetic. Everybody knows that I have mathematics enough to pass an exam- nation, and yet somehow in that Tipton Gaol I never could be correct. "It was the practice of the gaoler to purchase on behalf of the Government, for the use of the establishment, wood, lime, &c.; The vendors of these com- modities, so long is they got the money for which they sold, were perfectly willing to sign anything. I cannot say how it happened that I was always extremely busy when- ever any purchase of this kind was made, and when the vendors entered the office to sign the voucher which had to be for- warded to the treasury, I used (being in a hurry) to say, 'Here, just sign it blank; I'll fill it in afterwards.' "What fatal mistakes I used afterward to make, to be sure. If it was a common cart-load of wood that cost thirty shillings, when I came to make out the account I was almost certain to remember it as a waggon-load, for which three pounds had been paid. If twenty bushels of lime were purchased at five shillings a bushel, under the influence of some chronic dis- order of the mind the transaction figured in the account as thirty bushels at seven and sixpence. The receipts appended to these accounts had to be witnessed, but as it was so very troublesome to be calling someone into the office every now and then for the purpose I allowed them to re- main until there were several which re- quired witnessing, and then Mr. Palmer introduced a turnkey, who was unable to read, but who could write his own name, to witness the payment of the money— not the actual payment, but just what happened to be written down, and then, after obtaining the sheriff's signature to the accounts, Mr. Palmer walked off to the treasury and received the money. "All Government business, as far as I am acquainted with it, appears to be done in a manner which seems to declare plainly enough that every officer in the service has a tendency to be dishonest. What a vast amount of clerical detail, what duplicate, and triplicate returns, what signing and counter- signing, what auditing in this office and checking again in that, and yet how really impotent are all these expen- sive safeguards to guard against rascality when rascality is resolved upon. I should like to know who, among the host of offi- cials through whose hands Mr. Palmer's accounts passed, ever discovered the fact that Mr. Palmer was doing the Govern- ment brown. "Another profitable source of income was the transfer of prisoners to other estab- lishments. There were some places to which the prisoners liked to be sent, and others which they were anxious to be kept away from. The power of selecting the men was in a great measure in Mr. Pal- mer's hands, and I must say that this power was always exercised with the nicest discrimination, for the right man was sure to go to the right place, which assertion simply signifies that the man who could pay was sent to the place deemed good, and the man who could not pay to the place reputed to be bad. "In connection with these payments I have to declare a fact and to relate an anecdote. First for the fact. It was often asserted by certain malevolent-minded persons that Mr. Palmer was a proud man. This I deny. It is true that he had an air of dignity peculiar to himself in the manner in which he transferred to his waistcoat pocket the £5-notes which I was accustomed to place upon his desk; but I declare most solemnly, that so humble was he in the estimate he formed of his own value, that he always received with a thankful spirit the modest offering of half-a-crown. It was with fear and trembling that I at first ven- tured to present so insignificant a sum for his acceptance; but the great good man smiled benignly upon the gift, and proved his merit by his modesty. Am I not right, then, in declaring that Mr. Palmer was not a proud man? "Now for the anecdote. There was a new establishment to be opened in the vicinity of Tipton, and Tipton Gaol was to transfer to it some thirty or forty pri- soners. Through my agent, the barber this news was very quickly disseminated through the prison; and on the day after its promulgation I presented myself in the labor-yard for the purpose of' receiving tenders. I asked one if he could cook, an- other if he could look after a horse, a third if he understood waiting at table, and thus, without any direct assertion of mine, it was understood that I was seeking for men to fill the billets in the new prison. Candidates innumerable presented them- selves, but I told them they were mis- taken; all I could promise was that they should be sent; and as to being placed in a billet, why they must take their chance though, as a matter of course, those who went first would doubtless be selected. I was in the yard something less than an hour, and on leaving it I had the names of twenty applicants, and the sum of £46 in my pocket. The men were all sent, and ten other names were also inserted on the list. Among these ten names was the name of Aaron Dutch. This name was seen by the barber, who used to sweep the office out, and he very naturally told the man he was going. Aaron was a cute fellow, and so he thought he might be able to work a dodge. He sent to me to say that he wished to speak to me. I accord- ingly went to the iron-railed gate of the yard in which he was confined, and calling him to it asked him what he wanted. He said he wanted me to send him with the other men to the other place, and that he would give me £3. He took a £5-note out of his pocket and asked me if I had three sovereigns to give him. I directed him to wait a minute, and back I went to the office and obtained the money. On re- turning to the gate Aaron still had in his hand the £5, and as I passed the three sovereigns to him he passed the note to me. Without looking at the note I placed it before Mr. Palmer, who was sitting at his desk, but when he came to look at it he found it was only a worthless flash note. I was terribly vexed at being , out- witted, and although Aaron's name was in the returns, I determined to make them out again and substitute another name for his. I first went to him and told him that stones were being broken at a shilling a yard in the gaol, and that unless he handed me back the money he would be detained in Tipton Gaol until he had broken sixty yards of stone. He only laughed at me, and said he knew very well that his name was second on the list, and that he was going without payment at all." The balance of my friend's Tipton Gaol experiences I must reserve for another chapter. CHAPTER XXX. PRISON MYSTERIES (CONTINUED.) "I returned to Mr. Palmer, and re- lated to him what the fellow had said, and I represented that it would, in a business point of view, be very impolitic to suffer Aaron to go, as it would lead other men to think that, after all, paying didn't seem in the least necessary. With Mr. Palmers' concurrence I sat up that night and made out a fresh return, in which the name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. "The very day the men were called out it so happened that the sheriff visited the yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis- appointment, complained to the sheriff that I had threatened to keep him in the gaol unless he paid me £5 to be sent else- where. Mr. Palmer was present, and he informed the sheriff that I had nothing to do with the selection of the men, as he always made the list out himself. The sheriff, took no notice of the complaint, and Dutch was not sent away for some weeks. "I have now to speak of an event which grieved mle very much. It soon became know to the prisoners that all business had to be done through the 'clark.' If a man wanted a visit from a friend, the 'clark' was appealed to. If a billet was required it was the 'clark ' who was fee'd. If there was any money in the office it was the 'clark' who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of crosswork that was required to be done had to pass through the hands of the 'clark.' "One day a message came to me from a man named Batty, informing mo that he would give me five pounds to send him to another station. I immediately went to the man and assured him that, on receipt of the money he should be transferred. He told me that he had no money with him in the prison, but that he would send word out and get it. He accordingly sent a note to some girl with whom he had been living, directing her to give the 'clark' of the gaol £5 to have him (Batty) sent to some better place. This note was delivered by a discharged prisoner; and the house at which it was delivered was a brothel. The girl, after reading the note, threw it down upon.the table. A few minutes afterwards the detective police had occasion to pay a visit to the brothel, and one of them took up the note and read it. Seeing in it that the gaol 'clark' had to be bribed, they determined to make the experiment themselves. With this view they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the free clerk of Tipton Gaol as he was leaving for home, and, make him the offer of £5 if he would send Batty to another es- tablishment. "The next morning the free clerk asked me (he knew very little of the business himself) it there was a man of the name of Arthur Batty in the gaol. I told him that there was, and he then asked me if I could oblige him by inserting his name in the next list of transfers. I an- swered that I could easily do it if he wished it. "No more was said. I thought in my own mind that Batty's friends had arranged with the free clerk in the matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that he had the opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was a very gentle- manly man, and was not in any way con- cerned in the doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd, he judged that things were not exactly on the square. The next morning, the free clerk entered the gaol offices as pale as a ghost. He was very much excited, and walked backwards and forwards in the office without speaking a word. At last, turning to me, he said—'I am completely ruined; what my poor family will do l don't know. God help me! I'm an unfortunate man.' "He then went on to tell me that on the preceding evening he had accepted a £5-note from a person who represented himself to be related to the prisoner, Arthur Batty, which sum was given him. with the understanding that he was to send Batty away as soon as possible to some other station; that the person who handed the money to him was in reality a police agent, acting with the sheriffs con- currence, and that the sheriff had himself witnessed, from some window, the tran- saction.' "'I have been sent for by the sheriff this morning,' said the poor clerk; 'and there is a note in his possession which, officially referring to me as the gaol clerk, leads him to the conclusion that I am accustomed to accept bribes. He would not listen to my protestations of innocence, but told me he had no alternation but to dismiss me at once.' "Indeed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as he stood before me so evidently distressed in mind at his position. He was well connected; had been once a merchant in Belfast. I pitied him much because I knew well enough that he had never received a six- pence from anyone before by way of a bribe. In fact, he had no power what- ever in Tipton Gaol to make it worth any- body's while to bribe him. He lived in an atmosphere of corruption, and he knew it; and though, perhaps, not venal by disposition, his surroundings served to prepare him to yield to the temptation, when the temptation was set before him. "I soon discovered that the same weakness of character which had led the free clerk to accept the bribe had also allowed him to make use of moneys which he had officially received, and I confess that I then commiserated his misfortune less. "It was the 20th day of the month (I remember it well) when his dismissal took place, and he then had in his possession all the money he had received from prisoners and other sources during the month, as it was his practice to settle with Mr. Palmer on the last day of each month. The amount that, at the time of his dismissal, he was in- debted to the gaol was upwards of £50 and he had not a sixpence to pay it with. "Mr. Palmer was not in a position to quarrel with him, so he accepted a promissory-note for the sum, and signed the accounts as if he had actually received the money. I saw the free clerk some time afterwards, when he was carrying on business for himself, and he then told me that he had never paid Mr. Palmer a six- pence, and never intended to do so. "The force of example is great, and, therefore, it is not very surprising that the turnkeys of Tipton Gaol were many re- moves from being immaculate. They had not, it is true, by any means a thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmer's character, but they knew something of his proceedings, and suspected a great deal more. No wonder then that they were anxious to do a little business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of con- science as to whether it were legitimate or not. "Mr. Palmer, however, aimed at a monopoly; and no one could have studied more to keep his subordinates in the path of rectitude than he did. Secure him- self, he made a point of hunting down others the instant he became aware that they were trespassing on his domain. Two cases of dismissal I well recollect. "The first was that of a man named Worth. He was attached to the labor- yard of the prison, and for some time had managed to carry on a very profitable business with the prisoners. On Mr. Palmer's behalf I sold tobacco at 18s. the pound; but Worth, as far as the labor yard was concerned, drove me out of the market by selling a pound of tobacco and a box of matches for 15s. Could this be tolerated? Mr. Palmer declared not. 'That man,' said Mr. Palmer, with a glow of virtuous indignation, 'that man must be detected.' "That man was a married man with a family, and I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy the job which Mr. Palmer's emphatic 'that man must be detected' pointed out for me to perform, I inti- mated my disinclination to the task of detecting Mr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer said he would take the matter into his own hands. "Two days afterwards the head turnkey was called into the office, and Mr. Palmer told him that Turnkey Worth (according to information given) was in the habit of taking away from the gaol any portable article of Government property that came within his reach, and that on that very night he was going to smuggle out a couple of quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr. Palmer pronounced the fatal words, 'that man must be detected.' "And detected he was. As he was leaving the corridor of the gaol he was stopped by the head turnkey, and two bottles of the Government lamp oil were found in the pockets of his over-coat. Mr. Palmer recommended his dismissal, and dismissed he was. The same week I dis- posed of thirty pounds of tobacco to the men in the labor yard! "But I have not quite done with Mr. Worth yet. A few days after his dismis- sal he presented himself at the gaol, was introduced to Mr. Palmer's parlor, and on leaving it took with him a recommenda- tion to the corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by some municipal officer. "The other case of dismissal was alto- gether of my doing. The work was cut out for me by Mr. Palmer, and I was stimulated to its performance by a per- sonal animus. ''The turnkey's name was Blackbird. I had known for a long time that he was engaged in 'cross-work,' and I had some times employed him myself to do little errands for me, always paying him liber- ally for his trouble. On one occasion I happened to see a gold watch advertised for sale, and as I had some few pounds by me, which I had earned from the thief advocate, Mr. Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and see the watch in order that I might purchase it if it were a good one, and cheap. Blackbird's report being favor- able, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that being the price demanded. The day after Blackbird told.me that he had been drinking at a public-house and had lost the money out of his pocket. This story I did not believe, and I gave him to un- derstand that he must either bring me the watch or the money. He declared that he would do neither, and dared me to speak about it. Six weeks passed away and Blackbird still had the money. So long had I been passive, but it was time to act. "I got to find out, through my agents, that there was a man in the yard for whom Blackbird was in the habit of carry- ing out notes. It so happened that it was one of these agents who wrote the notes, and so I sent word to him to say that I should like to see the next note before it was given to the turnkey to take it out. The note was accordingly sent to me, and was to the following ef- fect. I don't pretend to give the exact- words, but merely the purport:— "Dear friend,—The stuff came to me safely, and I now want a fin and some strikes. The bloak acts on the square, and you must sling him well for me. He tells me that Tom will mount for me, but I am afraid to have him. I'm gallid he'd settle me instead of turning me up. Give the fin and the strikes to the bloak, and tell him all particulars. †.' "I distinctly remember that the note was signed with a cross, but the name of the person to whom it was addressed I cannot recollect. It was, however, as I learned from my agent, to be given to the barman of the Ship Inn in the first instance. "I made Mr. Palmer acquainted with the circumstances if the case, and he pro- posed having the turnkey searched as he was leaving the gaol. I objected to this, as after all, the note might not be found, and Blackbird would in that case be always on his guard. I suggested that the head turnkey should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, and tell the barman that he was instructed to call for the note, and that he wished' to know where he could find the person by whom it was left. I pointed out that his after proceedings would have to be determined by the bar- man's answer. It might happen that the party named actually lived at the Ship Inn, or, perhaps, would be really there when the head turnkey called, and in such a case a dilemma would arise. But I told Mr. Palmer that I was pretty certain, from all I had heard, that the party to whom the note was addressed would call there in the course of the evening to meet the turnkey, who conducted the business for his imprisoned friend. If this were the case, the barman would merely say he had received no note, and the head turnkey would reply, 'Oh, then, I'll step into the parlor, and when the note is brought you can bring it to me, and tell the bearer to wait in the bar till I come out.' "My suggestion was adopted, and to the Ship Inn the head turnkey repaired in the evening as soon as the lock-up in the prison was over. "Everything happened precisely as I expected. The head turnkey took a seat in the parlor, and Blackbird, half-an-hour afterwards, presented the note at the bar, and there remained until—to his conster- nation—the head turnkey walked out of the parlour and said to the barman—'Is this the gentleman who brought the note?' The barman replied in the affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I've no doubt, a very sheepish look, said that he was 'sold.' "The head turnkey reported progress to Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Palmer, when Blackbird appeared at the gaol gates the next morning, refused to admit him. "It was, I daresay, a mystery to some people how I managed to dress myself in so expensive a style; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold one round my neck; how, in place of having a watch over me, I carried a gold one in my pocket; how, too, the usual order of things was so re- versed, that when turnkeys addressed me they called me Mr Green, and that :I in- addressing them exhibited more brevity and less politeness. It was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all were liberated, on the reward labor-system, weeks before the completion of their sentences. It was a mystery to me how the higher officers of the Government could possibly be ignorant of Mr. Palmer's character, and that no searching investigation was ever made into the system (known to half the world) which prevailed at his estab- lishment. Lastly, it is still a mystery to me how, with such surroundings and such examples, it can be expected that a prisoner confined for any length of time in such an institution as Tipton Gaol can be returned to the world otherwise than twenty degrees worse than he entered it." Such were the experiences of David Green. I have heard it stated, that shortly after the publication of "Nicholas Nickleby, Mr. Dickens received a host of remon- strances from Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on recognising in Dotheboys- hall their own particular establishment, and in Whackford Squeers a portrait of themselves. I should not be surprised if more than one or two gaolers should fit the cap on their own heads, but they are not likely to commit the indiscretion of wearing it in public. CHAPTER XXXI. FAME AND INFAMY. I have a conviction that there is in human nature a sort of magnetism by which the opposite poles of feeling attract each other. This history owes its origin to such a belief. Had I been pious and virtuous, would you, my good reader, have cared about my experiences? No, of course you wouldn't! You have quite a redundancy of piety and virtue of your own, and being perfectly familiar with the state of feeling which is ever the concomi- tant of these attributes of the soul, you wouldn't give sixpence for all that I could say on the subject. But, being what I am, my experiences are a different thing. You are quite sure that they are some- thing altogether exotic to anything you have known yourself; and thus, obedient to the magnetic principle above referred to, you are forcibly attracted by the title of my reminiscences, and long for a glimpse of a phase of life so very dis- similar to those through which you have yourself passed. Now the action of the moral idiosyn- cracy, if such it may be termed, might be traced in a variety of forms. It is ap- parent in the eager interest displayed in the perusal of every incident connected with sensational crime; it is made mani- fest in the morbid curiosity relative, to the gallows- doomed; it carries thousands to the gallows' foot to witness the dying agonies of a law-strangled wretch; and it is this—something in the same manner as corrosive sublimate is used to preserve wood from perishing—which embalms each notorious criminal in the very crimes that should render him an object only of execration. In the old days in classic lands the temple of fame was placed behind the temple of virtue. But, to say nothing of a more enlightened age, we live in a part of the world where flora, fauna, and morality are alike antipodean. To be famous it is necessary first, beneath an Australian sky to become infamous. Travel far and fast on the road of dare- devil villainy, and the crowd's acclaim shall follow on your path. But alas for the nothingness of fame, be it that of the world's victor or the world's villain, the laurelled bard or the pistolled brigand. Years ago I was myself in a small way a celebrity; but my glory soon grew dim, and the ungrateful public forget me in my prison darkness. Then another hero of the road arose to dazzle the world with the brilliancy of his exploits and Captain Melville became great in the land. The Black Forest echoed with his renown, and the peopled city and lonely homestead alike paid tribute to his rule. Lucky gold-digger and money-making store-keeper, wealthy settlers and plethoric publicans, had each and all a tale to tell of Melville. But in the very zenith of his fame the strong hand of the law crushed him to nothing, and the star of his glory sadly set in the darkness of the hulk shadows never more to rise. Then came the far-famed Gardiner, who made for himself a wide reputation. Robbing mails, stopping gold escorts, defying the police, here, there, and every- where, no day passed without a story of his reckless daring. But this knight of the road, like the knights of olden time, must need have a lady-love, and so— "With one fair spirit for his minister," he sought a "desert" place, and no longer dazzled the would-be Macheaths of the rising generation with his deeds of arms. But the destiny that had been so kind to him during his adventurous career frowned on him when he withdrew to in- glorious retirement. Justice soon had him in its grasp; and although the court-house of Sydney resound with the acclamations of his admirers on his being acquitted for the crime for which he was first tried, in the second case he was less fortunate, and a penal settlement now claims him for the next thirty years. Morgan is lord of the ascendant while I write, and his fame is of a redder dye than that of his predecessors. He is too sanguinary to be popular, and is ferocious rather than brave. He is not the Charlemagne of the bandit-kings, but the Alaric, and destitute of all chivalric feel- ings, he will at last walk to the gallows more cursed than pitied. It is in the prison, generally speaking, that crime in all its grades is first seen through the halo of romance. A first introduction to the gaol may result from the presence of poverty, an impulsive act of wrong, or an isolated departure from the principles of rectitude. Subsequent convictions are, in the majority of cases, for crimes committed in the spirit of romantic ardour. Youth—and strange, to say, educated youth in particular—once fallen, is crime-doomed-for life. I am by no means theorising in making this state- ment, but I speak from my experience— speak from a knowledge of the antecedents of scores of those around me. Take the best-educated and highest-principled boy that can be found in Melbourne, and place him in an associated gaol for it year, and the chances are that he would very soon after his release be found with a revolver in his belt and a good horse beneath him, galloping through the bush, quite a hero in his own opinion, and delightedly antici- pating the time when the press will chronicle his professional performances. The tendency of education when once prison tainted, to lead up to a criminal career is owing, I suppose, to the stronger power of imagination with which it is endowed, and the redundancy of spirit which it pos- sesses. The one invests crime with a sort of heroic grandeur, and the other renders its [possessor] less patient to control, and more eager for the lawlessness of a bush- ranging existence. What youthful novice walking the prison-yard for the first time, as he listens to the narratives of criminal recklessness and adventure, thinks of crime for a moment as the evil thing it really is? He is a boy, and not a philoso- pher. His imagination is charmed, and his reason is inactive. His vision pene- trates not to the back-ground, where sadly was to be seen the despoiled victims of his infatuation. Generous in his disposition, he stops not to reflect upon the utter selfishness of a robber's life, and con- stitutionally daring, he deems, not that his attacks upon the unarmed and de- fenceless are the doings of a coward. Neither stays he to calculate consequen- ces; he recks not of years of prison life, nor is he deterred by the reflection that his career may terminate in a murdered victim and a gallows-death. Fascinated by the romance of crime, he is blind to its fearful reality, and it is only after years of suffering have taught some dearly purchased lessons that he recognises crime to be the grim and. unsightly thing it is. I have myself entertained all these imaginative notions with regard to the more daring kind of criminal pursuits, and the years are not far distant in the past when I looked upon a highwayman as identical with a hero, and thought that guilt and glory were convertible terms. In possession of the confidence of many of those around me at this moment, I am quite justified, in view of their confessions, in declaring, that half of the daring crimes committed owe their origin to their so- called romance. My own graver deeds of ill commenced in a sufficiently melodramatic manner. At the time to which I refer I was living at Geelong. This was some months after my release from Cockatoo Island. I had taken apartments in a respectable house in a suburbs of the town. These I had furnished in a manner corresponding with my tastes. On the walls were elegant en- gravings; a vase of the choicest flowers I could obtain ever graced the table. Cowper's poems (the reading of which ought to have made me a better man), the works of Byron, Moore, and Scott, Bacon's Essays, Smith's Wealth of Nations, Watt's Logic, and a Treatise upon a Flux- ions, constituted my library. The most experienced detective would have been quite at fault in judging of my pursuits by my surroundings. In fact, the landlady of the house subsequently declared to the public that I was so steady and so studious, that she thought I was in some way con- nected with the church. Now I had furnished these apartments with money honestly acquired, and in them I commenced loading a strictly honest life. I obtained a situation in a store at Geelong, and received a salary of £2 per week, a sum amply sufficient for all my wants. At the expiration of a month, without any reason being assigned me, I was informed that my services were no longer required. I am ignorant at this day of the cause of my dismissal, and at the time possessed too many silly notions about independence to care to in- quire. One evening, about a week after my loss of employment, I was gazing from my window out upon the street. Suddenly a passer-by looked up, stopped, and ex- claimed, "The very fellow I want to see; how are you?" I looked down, and there beneath me stood an old Cockatoo companion named Christy, a young man renowned on the island for his fistic science. I was in no mood to repel his advances, and I at once went down to him. "Just come overland from Sydney,'' said Christy. "Harry Dowling is with me, and we're going to do a little business on this side of the Murray. How glad Harry'11 be to see you!" Now Harry Dowling was, in every way, a remarkable character. His father had reached Sydney at the Government ex- pense, having been expatriated for his caligraphic abilities. He had, however, like many others who had left their country for their country's good, got on wonderfully well, and had become a cattle owner of some wealth. He had sent his son Harry to one of the best schools in Sydney, and Harry, in the course of years, became a very fair classical and mathe- matical scholar. He wrote verses into the bargain; and, as a necessary adjunct to his talent, he was endowed with a most romantic imagination. I first met him in Cockatoo Island, where he was undergoing a sentence of six months for the luxury of horsewhipping a magistrate who had coarsely alluded to his father's antecedents. Listening there, like myself, to the stories told of adventurous depredation, he, too, was fascinated by the romance of crime. He and Christy left the island together; and Harry commenced professional opera- tions by writing out forged cheques for his companion to utter. Of course those learned in such matters will in this at once recognise the development of heredi- tary talent. I accompanied Christy to a public-house in Ashby (a sort of suburb to Geelong), and was there heartily welcomed by the classical and romantic Harry Dowling. The following story, given as near as I can remember in Harry's own words, will convey to the reader some idea of the peculiar tact and ingenuity displayed by this young gentleman in his professional career. Said Harry in the course of the even- ing, "I have recently had quite an ad- venture, nothing less than rescuing our friend Christy from the grasp of the Philistines." Of course I was curious to learn the particulars, and Harry was just as eager to communicate them. The story is so characteristic that it must have a chapter to itself. (To be continued.) 