WITHDRAWAL OF STR. SPURGEON íRou THU BAPTIST UNION. Mr. Spurgeon bas (says the Pall Mall lhulgct of November 3) announced his with- drawal from the Baptist Union owing to the unsatisfactory action which he believes has been taken on his charges against the ministry of being on the down grade both spiritually and theologically. For some time past the charges laid by him against ministers and Churches of being upon the " down grade " theologically and spiritually have been ardently combated privately, but at tho meetings of the Baptist Union- in Sheffield early this month they were ignored, while at thc gatherings of the Congregational Union they were denied. Replying to hia critics and declaring his final decision, Mr. Spur- geon says that " to pursue union at the cx Ecnae of truth is treason to the Lord Jesus. Le is our Master and Lord, and we will keep His words; to tamper with His doctrine would be to be traitors to Himself." Pro- ceeding, he argues that as a matter of fact " believers in Christ's atonement .are now in declared religious union with those who make light of it ; those who hold Evangelical doctrino are in open alliance with those who call the Fall a fable, who deny the personality of the Holy Ghost, who call justification by faith immoral, and hold that there is another probation after death, and a future restitu I tion for the lost." " Yes," he says, " wc hare before us the wretched spectacle of pro- fessedly orthodox Christians publicly avowing their union with those who deny the faith, and scarcely concealing their contempt of those who cannot be guilty of such gross disloyalty to Christ." Thia being the baie, he retires at once and distinctly from the Baptist Union, urging that as the Baptist Churches are each one of them self-contained and independent, and the Union being only a voluntary association of such Churches, it isa simple matter fora Church or au indi- vidual to withdraw from it. Mr, Spurgeon does not blame the Union for "harbouring errors of the extremist kind," for he says, " so far aa we can see, it was powerless to help itself, even if it wished to do so." Replying to the question, " Why «Ot start a nbw denomination f" he' says it is a question1 for whioh be bas not any liking. There are denominations enough, in his opinion, and " if there Were a new denomination formed, the thieves and robbers who have entered other ' gardens walled round ' would climb into it «IBO, and eo nothing would be gained. Besides, the expedient is not needed among Churches which are 'each one self-governing and eelf-determining ; each Churches can find their own affinities without difficulty, and can keep their own coasts clear of invaders." In conclusion, Mr. r-purgeon says, " Oh that the day would come when, in a larger com- munion than any sect can offer, ali those who are one io Christ may be able to blend in manifest unity I This can only come by the way of growing spiritual life, clearer light upon the one eternal truth, and a closer cleaving in all things to Him who is the He«d, even Jesus Christ'" "The interest of the occasion," to the SjKctalor, " seems to be-the tendency which Mr. Spurgeon'* course must have to stimulate the decomposition of ecclesiastical unions into their constituent parts,' and - the gradual disintegration of what we may call col- lective responsibility for a creed. Of course, if once that collective responsi- bility were to cease altogether, and their should come to be as many entirely separate opinions on the character and drift of revela- tion aa there are, for instance, on the character and drift of Mr, Ruskin's teaching, Christian faith as a bond among men would have ceased to exist." But although "Mr Spurgeon's abaudonmcnt of the Baptist Union is snre to stimulate the tendency to un open disintegra- tion of religions communions," it does " not at all suppose that it witt stimulate the real disintegration of faith. The decay of common couricsions which WEB latent before will not bc aggravated in anyway by being avowed. Nay, it may, we think, do good by awakening men afresh to the very serious character of the question as to the connection between doctrine and religious communion." Thc latest new departure in journalism saya the ¡lome A'MCS has been undertaken by a London evening paper. A special commis- sioner has started to travel round the world in order to secure the opinions of the best people at the most interesting places in the circumference of our planet. He is instructed not to discourse in hie letters home on his own views and experience', but to give the cream of the brains of the most intelligent and most important persona nt every centre of trade and politics. The letter will appear simultane- ously in some of the provincial journals of this country, in France, in the United States of America, and it is boped also in one of the Ereat Australian dailies. Journeying from iverpool in an Allen steamer, the commis- sioner will touch at Halifax, and despatch from thence bis first report dealing more especially with the conflicting interests of the fisheries question. After visiting New York, he will pass through Montreal "and Ottawa and give the views of Stateemen on the future prospects of the Dominion. Thence he will travel weatward by the Canadian Pacific, the new Imperial highway of the British Empire. From Vancouver to Japan, «China, and the Stnita {Settlements, diverging his route through India and on from Bombay to the colony of Mauritius. Continuing his journey by Madagascar and Zanzibar, he will reach England by way of Egypt and the Mediterranean stations. It ¡B a pity that, travelling thus far on island, continent, and ees, that the Special Commissioner of the Pall Mall Gazelle is not authorised to include the great Southern Colonies in his tour. No report of the world's most important centres can be complete without an account of Aus- tralia and New Zealand. Saturday's Wettern Star says :-The first consignment of this season's wheat grown in Koma wee forwarded to Warwick yesterday. It consisted of CO bags (10 tons), and was harvested by Mr. Leach from his farms near the Minmi. The grain is spoken of as being of excellent quality, and lt is believed the yield will average considerably over twenty bushels to the acre. Samples of the grain have been forwarded to several millers, and is pronounced to be of the best quality. The flour, pollard, and bran will of course have to bc returned to Koma, and from here the pro- duce will go into consumption, co that tn a short time the people of the district will again have an opportunity of judging of the quality of flour the product of locally grown wheat. The next piece of information will be to ascertain the cost of gristing, but as Mr, Kates, to whom the wheat has been sent, takes great interest in the development of agriculture no doubt he will take care that J the charge is low enough. A little encourage . ment in thia direction will go a long way just now in establishing the wheat industry here. We do not know the Warwick price for gristing, but in old settled agricultural districts io New South Wales it varies from sixpence to one shilling per bueheL The annual report of the Forest Branoh, Department of Mines, New South Wales, was laid on thc table of the Legislative Assembly lately. From the document, it appears that the plantations contain a large number of catalpa, walnut, red cedar, camphor laurel, Tasmanian blue gum, silky oak, aud wattle trees. The last-mentioned will be ready for stripping in about two years. Over 12,680 cedar trees have been transplanted, and a large number of plants raised from cedar trees. A State forest nursery is being prepared at Gos- ford, where useful and rare species of in- digenous and foreign timber trees will be raised for distribution. The compilation of the work on the forest flora of the colony has been delayed by pressure of work, which has been largely increased during the year by the transfer of the clerical work connected with the public parks, and also by the work under the Prickly Pear Act. A large number of in- digenous timbers were supplied to Professor Warren, of the Sydney University, who has conducted a series of exhaustive experiments, with a view to test the strength, by direct compression, tensile resistance and resistance to shearing, of some of our most useful timbers. The result of these will, ns doubt, prove of great value to engineers, architects, Ac., besides making known the value for various purposes of the timbers tested. The revenue of the department for the year amounted to £13,924, being an increase of £712 on the pre- vious year, and the expenditure was £17,932. The reserves for thc preservation o f timber supply nnmber 862, the aggregate area ' being 6,460,125 acres. The quantity of timber cut amounted to 8,021,205 super- ficial feet, besides 1930 trees for piles, Ac, the foe paid being £5484. The value of timber imported bas increased from £57,272 in 1875 to £517,723 in 18S5. whilst the value of the timber exported was £09,278 for 1875 and 65,539 for 1885. The quantity, however, was largely increased, the price being lower. It is stated that the work of eradicating the prickly pear will be very costly ; in one case the cost of eradication on an area of 1920 acres is estimated at £5000, the laud itself being rocky, and it has been j represented that on some holdiugs rented from the Crown, the cost will be SB much as as £7000. Flood or storm water, birds, and and animals, have been the means of distri- bution, the water carrying the pieces down irom the higher to the lower lying lands, while birds and animals eat the fruit and dis- j eeminate the seed. The young plants can often be traced in lines under the boughs of ; trees where birds roost. A Times travelling correspondent, writing bf horse thieves, Bays :-Some exception must be made for Circassians, in spite of frequent favourable experience of them, for a fine bone or a good weapon ts a sore temptation to theie gentry, and they entertain little respect for constituted authority aa wielded by the Turks, by whom many stories are told of the pentstenoe and cunning of a people infinitely more enterprising and more handy than themselves ; how, for example, a Circassian assiduously tracked the owner of a fine horse destined for the Smyrna market, but every night the latter bobbled his steed, and secur- ing it to his person, slept lightly at its aide. At the last stage before Smyrna it so happened that the niebt fell colder than usn al, and, taking off bis great shepherd's coat, made of «tiff white felt which would stand by itself, he placed it on the hone and lay down es usual beside it. He tx»e lu the morning to find things as usual-the hone grazing quietly at bu aide and the coat standing up on his back os he had disposed it overnight. Glad to be through the period of his anxiety, he untied and uohobbled his charge, when lol a pair of heels .emerged from, beneath the coat, struck spun, into the horse, and were gone before .the astonished rustic had time to realise what had happened. They will tell you again how once on à time a Circassian found a mau sleeping at midday on a fine carpet beneath a tree tu wh ch was tied an equally fine boree. To untie the latter was the work of a moment, but no true Circassian could leave such a carpet to a Turk. Bow, tuen, to secure the two I A happy thought struck the wanderer from the Caucasus. Creeping up to the sleeper, he gingerly fastened a cord to one corner of tho carpet and secured its other end to the tail of his prospective steed ; he i mounted, dashed his heels into hit booty's flanks, whisked away the coveted carpet, and j vanished for ever. A Circassian is said, If not possessed of a hone, to constantly carry | a saddle strapped round his body that he may not have to neglect the gifts which Allah may throw in his way ; and sometimes, though, I believe, rarely, he will use a knife. But on the whole one's impression of the Cir- cassian Mussulman il of a very capable, picturesque rascal, who will keep chivalrous faith with anyone who trusts him and take what he can from any one who does not. There may be a future lu store for these refugees, ff they can learn the elements of combination and understand their own strength. It would nut take much to raise a succeaaful revolt in Asia Minor. 