TRE I LOVE OF A _ LIFETIMEm - BY ARNxOLD GRAY.: A stunted hedge, a lonely dilapidated :-ile, a long sweep of barren field stretching -aq:er to the edge of the cliffs. Beyond that nr~ged- bo?ndary-land the dim sea-line, which blended imperceptibly into the rainbow mists Sof heaven. It was eight o'clock on an even ing in July-late July ; the church clock in 'tbe.valley behind the cliffs was about to hlang out the hour. As the clock was striking two figures ap proached the dim stile from opposite direc tions. The man, having come up from the deserted shore, advanced, with his back to the dim sea-line; the woman, having climbed from. the depths of the valley, came towards ithe trysting place, with her back turned .to St. -Ann's. At the style they met and stopped just as the lhst stroke of the eight died away on the still, blue air... 'Phillippa !' Walter.' Cheerily he leaped the dilapidated wooden barrier and flung his arms around her. Per haps there was more of boyish heartiness than, of real tenderness in the caress. She, Snevertheless, .with a long quivering sigh and a=r.almost deadly pallor overspreading her -swweet, plain face, laid her head against his tbreast, and could have wept outright if she bad been weak enough to give way just then. *:People who knew them well- people both :n St. Ann's and in Tidmouth-were wont to declare, whenever the engagement be tween Walter Blake and Phillipa Hay was spoken of that the fact of the matter was there was more love on one side than on the other; and, from compassionate _ way in \- ~ihich this statement was generally made, one- might have been led tosuppose that the balance of affection was on the side of "hillippa. ..to'say, when they had both lived in Tid mouth. He had come to. the big, bustling, seaport-town as a youngster of ten or eleven to live with the bachelor uncle, Mr Blake, :,:t1.e rich of tea merchant there. All Wal ter't, people dwelt in the North, and he had many bruthers and sisters; so the goodhearted .old .bachelor uncle in Tidnmoutlh took the second boy of his young brother's family to edudate in his office and to bring up as his ownt son. In atdition to the lucrative Tidmouth business, Mr Blake was partner in a firm of tea-dealers established in Yokohama,: to which dist:nt place one of h;s clerks was :sent out amnually to gain experience: for him self ad to iring home information for his -master. This year it was Walter's turn to set out. S".id he was delighted at the prospect of the voyagee. To-night was the last night in SEuplhind, aid h!e was to con:e to a favorite , trystiag-place in the neighborhood of St. Art's to say good-bye. .She. on the other Land, had few kindred but~. like Walter Blake, she had come to live •t Tidmuou-th. , when quite young; and since .er emorti tLitsher- she had ne.ver quitted its o ,aitr She cane to live with her paternal grandfather, because both parents were dead I and she knew of no one else in the world to whom she might go for a home., Old Hay v[ was chief lawyer and town-clerk of the l>g, ,bustling sea-port town and was commonly-, called ' Lawyer Hay.' lie was glad in his heart to have the orphan child of. his only son to share and brighten his .solitude;. I ut, being a mian' of few words; he never told her so. He was a shrewd and clever old man; and, if he never said a downright evil thing, it was equally true that he never said a kind one. He and Blake, however, were really close friends-hence the intimacy ;btween the two children. From c.hildhood they grew to a riper age, and the intimacy far froth falling off, increased and strengthened with the passing years. And the old men looked on and approved, people said. SDo you know, Phil,' spoke young Walter laughing at the discovery one-evening of the past winter, at a dance which the banker's wife had given on New Year's Eve, ' I have fallen in love with you-you, Phil: whom -I have always looked upbn as a sister 1 Isn't it odd? - Phillippa answered nothing, but bowed her crimsoning face. He, too, bent his head and tried to look into her eyes. . ' Come, my dear old girl, answer me,' he said, then." 'What do you think of the ar rangement? We haveskknown each other long enough surely to understand each other now !' - \- She stretched out her hads and grasped his .--grasped them and held them close whilst looking him steadfastly in the face. ' Do you mean this, Walter 1' she asked, her eyes clear, shining with the beautiful light of truth, her color fading under the rush of strong emotion which was stirring, her inmost soul.. - ' Do I mean it, Phil Z' he echoed, reproach fully. ' Am I in, earnest do. you mean, ? What do you take me for, you who know me so well 1 Is it a subject td joke upon I love you better, Phil, than any other woman in the world- ' \- Enough,' she said, oalmly, with her slow, sweet smile. ' I am satisfied, Walter. I .love:you, I have. always loved you, dear. There is no shame -in telling you so now. Such words meant much, spoken direct from.the heart of a woman like Phillipa Hay. It was thus the .engagement came about. At that time old Lawyer Hay had given up a professional life, his town-clerk duties, and his fusty offices, and, removing from the bustle of busy Tidmouth, had sought repose and quiet in the pastoral valley of St. Ann's. There he had purchased a pretty cottage residence, and -thither, in company with Phillipa and a faithful old handmaiden, by name Dorcas, he had come to take up his abode in the Augast of the summer before. So-'that. they, had been inhabitants of St. Ann's for about a year. Over the hills. Tidmouth was a mile and a. half away. perhaps more ; but,- if one came along the sands, taking advantage of the tide being out, and climbed the chalk steps cut in the cliffs steep sides, the distance be tý.een -the two places was barely a mile. And now, after a betrothal which was al ready six months old, Walter did not seem particularly cast down at the idea of separa tion from Phillippa.. But to Phillippa the thou?lmt of thia? ErGgnSn Aa hiet?-? ' What time does the ' Prince Charlie' sail T she asked -wistfully. 'Did you say you will leave the harbor at dawn I If I might only come over tothe quay and see the last! of you. It would be too early for you, Phil,' he answered hastily, picturing to himself a ' scene,' and, manlike, dreading it. ' Beside you know that I came over here this evening expressly to say good-bye.' ' Well, as you- will,- dear,' she ansswered gently ; 'you know best.' ' Why, old woman,' he cried, in his cheery way, ' one would imagine from your dolorous demeanor that I was going to be away for an indefinite nuniber of. years, instead: of being, as 1-merely am, on the eve of stjrt ing for a few mnonths' absenee . Come, cheer up, Phi!!ippa.: Never say die bver so small a matter.' " 'It seems to me that I am losing you fdr -for ever returned Phillippa, with another weary sighthat escaped her in spite of herself. ' Ob; it is hard my: be!ov;ed, to let you go.' He laughed, and caught her to his breast, and kissed the beautiful dask hair iwhich presented so great contrast to his own fair, boyish locks. The oie truly beautiful thing about Phillippa was her. p!entifarl dark brown hair. Walter himself was as fair-aa the morn ing, with the figure of a strippling still, and face that any-young fellow might be proud to call his own. Hie scarcely looked his two and-twenty years. He was such a boy at heart. He felt very fond-intensely fond of Phillipa to-night, as he half leaned against, half sat upon - the stile, holding her closely to his side, with his arm encircling her waist. Perhaps it was that, with all' man's delight at the prospect of ti- avel and adventure he was elated at the thoughts of what lay before him-; yet with many a ten der pang incidental fo a.first passion, he was in his heart unaffectedly troubled at the idea iofLJrr': l1.4b ??. .- But he would not let way was quite enough. . .. ' You must be brave -brave and patient, my darling,' hIe said, bending down his head and speaking 16w, :Time soon flies.' That word of fond endearment, which so sIeldom fell from his lips, was just too much for Phillippa. She clung to him in a fit of passionate weeping, and sobbed out her sor row on his breast. ' it is hard-it is hard (" was all she had strength to say, and, " notwithstanding her sorrow, she was.content in a measure,because his dear arms was around her, and her head was on his breast. " . It was gettfing dusk. The flaunting poppies in -the, field ivero looking blurred and dim, for they: dosed their petals at sundown, and no" bu -ung their heads in the gloaming. Pale; gey mists were rising from -the sa, and, slowly, tra:elling larisin rdo brooded ghost-like -over th6 hills. Down in the valley the roofs and s eeples of St. Ann'sj were barely distinguislhable, wrapped as they werer in the twilight shadows. The sweet calm of night ,as 'in the air. r out on. the bosom of fhe level sea. - , Spate stars w~a twynkilng faintly. One knew nort wether? n the'- wa in. the heavens alovr >r in the sea; so near wer"e the twain to- In ;ether, and so indistinct was t-he sheca of sI the stars; l:hilsb the low continuous moan - around the sunken green rocks in the dis tance told 6ef the deep iangourof the incom- r1 ing tide. -The weird baths swept low ; and Il eerie breeze was stirring; yonder by that t bend in the .cliff, the lights of Tidmouth c shone boldly across the fields. t He pulled out his handkerchief and wiped s the tears from her eyes. She caught his hand and kissed it many times, then held it,1 i and the handkerchief together against her 1 throat. ' Hogw sweet it smells,' she said, looking up c at him with a faint slow smile. 'You al- 1 ways were such a boy for sweet scents, i Walt.,' -e . 'Yes' answered he, "smiling, too, as he gazed slowly down into the' upturned, sor rowful face ; ' and when we set out on our wedding tour, old woman, we'll rush over the coitinent and at:Cologne we will lay in such a stoek.of perfume as shall last us both a. lifetime. 'I wondeir. if that time will ever come 4' said Phillipa; dreainily. ; 'What time Phil '1.. 'The time you speak of Walter. Some times 1-1I think.it never will.' ' What nonsense, Phillippa !' lie said, al most roughly. ' Why should it not. te.is4 'Only the other day,' continiued the girl, in the same sad, mechanical way, her chill hadds v.andering lovingly about his neck, ' I overheard old Mrs Martin say at the Denni sons,' ' Depend upon it that affair *ill. never come to anything.. A flirtation on his part, and a mere fancy on hers !' 1 know they were speaking of us, Walter; but--but they do not understand' us : do they dear 4' ' Understand us 1" Indeed they do not ! returned the young fellow, hotly. 'Old hags ! Why cannot they,mind their own basineus 1 wonder V . And then-and then,' added Phillippa Hay, k someone else said, ' I daresay and good job to if the match were broken off. It is always a bad job for the woman to be' the elder of the two,' And I am your senior, Walter, you know, by nearly three years.' 'Have you just discovered the fact, laughed he.. "No. It has always been a trouble to me when I have thought about the matter. I am twenty-five. You, Walter, are but twenty-two, It should be the other way.' 'I am sure 1 don't know why it should.' 'Well, perhaps 1 am foolish,' she said. ' Still-still 1 cannot help wishingit was.the other way.' Dusk had given way to darkness. The shimmering indigo sea was sporting with the reflection of the moon ; a wan looking moon it was, that appeared to stare down in mildest wonderment at the sickly image of herself in the cold, quivering embrace of the ocean below, The deep pathetic voice of the sea sounding nearer and holldwer, warned. the young man it was time to depart. 'Phil,' he said, looseniing her clinging arms, ' I must go the tide is coming in. I shall have to run for it as it is. There is lots to be done before I lie down to-night, 'and I must return home by . the shorter Way." Will you come down with me and say good-bye once more to miy grani!,father 1 He catching at the slightest exeuise that would serve to chain him yet a litle lotgear at her side. 'Impossible dearest.. He and 1 exchanged a farewell last eight. This evening I came over solely to see you-you a!oue, I had no time for more. My dear one, good-bye! you will be true to me--you will not forge~t i' 'Oh. Walter I don't talk like that-you hurt me .unspe:akably. It is as if: you doubt my love. I am a brute. Of course I know that yon will be faithiful--always faithful-he, SPhilippa, 'Faithful. always-faithfua intil death,' she murmured. 'My lettors will be a- comfort to you Phil. You will have. my letters and I will have yours. Think of that dear:old girl and take heart,' be said. '.Yes,' she answered, with a moment's passionm.te ycarning for something-some thing, she hardly knew what, more than he gIave.e-? You will 'have :my letters and my ray-ers, dear. . Yes, and the fewv months will soon go. 'y,. and then we shall be: ,ith cach other Again " Good-bye once more. Think of me Aid the Prince 6'CTarlie to-mdrrow at dawn, and-heaven bless you my o.wa true Phillippa..' 'That is right,' she said. Think of me always as faithfnl and frue-your own true Phillippa,' For the last time he took her in his arms; the dreaded moment was come. Thus, with his face bowed on Philippe's, thus, lip to lip arid heart to heart, they stood thelre together, the quiet njght-sliadows all around them and the moan o! the sullen sea stealiug up fronm the lonely shore, As he hurridd ithe narrow field-path that led to the steps in the cliff, she fell upon her knees by the broken old style, her hands. pressed upon her bogont, ad.ct er faithful .,es,. strained and' agomised, watched him \- ' IIave.n bless him--Heaven keep him safe,' she cried, with all her soul in her voice, ' and send h:im hack to me steadfast t anl un chanied !' Two years were gone-t wo full years since the midsumni: r evening when Walter Blake parted from Philippa HIay in the Il:re, quiet .fields above St. Ann's. lMuch had'h:rppined in those ? to years, and Philippa was still waiting for her lover's return. At first his letters had come regularly enough ; there had been nothing to complain of. Then 'ilere was a falling off, then a still ; greater falling off, and then they ceased alt together--at least, so far as lhilippa was, concerned. In less than a year from the' date of his going he seemed to have w'holly forgotten her existence. Notwithstanding, Philippa herself wrote at intervals-long, patient, affectionate let ters they were. with never a word of reproach or upbraiding in themn for the strange, inex p!icablle silence that was so hard to under stauid. Doubtless, she said, he had much to iccupy his time-much to do, much ,to see. and t6 learn in that wonderful' land he had gon,, to .But she beCed that, when a mdment's leisure offered itself, he would scribble her a word or two--if only in pencil -to lighten her anxiety and to cheer her up. 1 But the days went by and brought no news, and hope deferred was making the heart of Phillippa very sick. That he should be ill, Philippa knew was out of the question, or someone would have written for him. No, that could not be the reason of his long silence. Young Blake could scarcely have landed, it seemed to those he had left behind him, before he wrote hometohis uncle and Philippa to say how much he would like-if neither of them objected to the idea-to finish out the year in Yokohama. He liked the place itself, he said, enthusiastically-the people -everything. He got on capitally with his uncle's partners. Indeed, he thought it would do him an immense deal of good, es pecially from a business point of view, if he saw more of the way in which things were done there. This was vague, but it made a certain impression on the old man at homre. ' Hang the young rascal ! What, stop out 'there a whole year !' he said, testily-for he loved the lad and missed him sadly. ' Well, I suppose he must do as he wants. After all,..it does a young chap. good to see some thing of the world beyond: that corner of it he was born and bred in.' But Philippa said nothing, and crushed down bravely the pain at her heart. It was a cruel disappointment. However, he had promised to be true, and she believed that he would keep his word. There could be no truth on eartli if Walter Blake proved false. It was soon after his uncle's permission to remain a year in Yokohama reached him that Walter's letters bean to faiL ' Ungrateful young beggar !' growled old Blake. ' He does not use you well, Philippa; he does not use you well, 1 say. What's he up to, 1 should like to know " But still Philippa did not murmur. Nay, more-she even did her best to smile hope- I fully when these hard things were said in her hearing, ' Give him his freedom and let him marry a Japanese girl-evidently he likes their colour,' said the gruff old grandfather, who had a knack of giving utterances to disagree able observations in a thoroughly disagree able fashion. 'He is too young for you, Phillipa; I said so from the first'--he had never said anything of the kind. ' Out of sight, out of mind, with a gay young dog like him. He's forgotten all about you, bless ye, by this time.' All the same the the two old men, sitting .together over their pipes and grog, shook their heads and knitted their bushy brows and agreed that the lad, whatever-he was doing out yonder, was not treating Philippa well 'Now what did I tell you, my dears T said old Mrs Martin-whose tongue 'was historical in Tidmouth-triumphanitly to her friends the Dennisons. ' Didn't I always say that the mantch would never come to.:any thing? -.He's being gone a year, you see, and has forgoten :*it about her. And as for her. -why, anybody can t::ll she's pining for himn like any love-sick girl! and she's. not that. Oh, no, tyv dears ! she's getting onfor thirty, aid looks it, too. Well, for my part,' ?_.on cludled this:unph l -ant o, 1 n She'd nimakd a terribly jealous wife, would Philipps Hay; I amt convinced of it. That is always the case when the woman is the elder.' Though she was neither beautiful-nor ac complished, Phillippa,' at the' time of her life, ha mIore than one would-be suitor in the neighbourhood of St. Ann's. But gently, yet firmly, she kept them. oie and rili at a dis tance; for how could she listen to the plead ing of another ,an when she was bound so solemnly to that absent lover-whowould soon be coming back to claim hlep What was hei· faith worth if she was not faithf il n thoight, word. and deed l - But the second year wore on,'and, with the second winter, a new trouble fell on Phillippa. It was exceptionally bleak wea ther on that part of .the coast, and her Sgrandfather caught cold and died. She was very lpnl!y then, .and felt her loneliness acutely. u - 'You ha&better; lock up your little..huse in St. Ann's, .andi corie and live with me, Phillippa,' said Waiter's old uncle, kin;dly. ' My hoqse is big enough for us all. The .bOy will soon be coming home now, and it will please him to find you taking care of me, -Phil., when he does get back from his travels out yonder. I To this proposition Phillippa glad)ly a ceded, and having shut :up the cottage.at St. Aun's until a tenant conld .- found for it, removed, together with her ancient hand maiden, Dorcas, to Mr Blake's rooumy old house, which stood on the edge of Tidmouth quay. 'He's always coming, and never comes ! stormed the old man one mnorring at the breakfast table, the post having brought him a hurried scrawl from Walter to say that he was really starting for England and home next month--was startig as chiauce. would have it, .in the ship Prince Charlief the very vesscl le had gone out in more than two , years befdire: w--- ---noe , I r-eaT filink he is in 'earnest this tinmi. e says hie shall he at TidInouth i± N-ovelerre; and he l:ft us two years last J;:li That last letter of mine is bringinug him, Ph'ilitpa, I gave it to bin, pretty si;itf, I ciln tell you, arind .just let him know what I ;thought. Thi' boy's thoughtless and a little s.fltish. I cannota have two of tlihem together kicking up their heels out yonder;:and lthere are othier young felows in the ofice besides him;i:lf whose turn has come round for the I trip to Yokobhamna. ' D.oes he say-is there any message for I me ? faltered Phil!ippa. She had grown quite pale. Her hands were clasped-in her I lap.- and shook visibly. Not a word ! furied the old mean, getting up uandcl marching about with his hands thrust under his coat tails. ' I cannot under stand it. IHave you written to him lately, Phil . ' I have not written now for a' long time, said the girl, sadly. " Where was the use I She rose and left the room. W\hat she had suffered since Walter Blake went away, what she was enduring at the thought of his return only herself and Heaven would ever know. ' He will explain everything when he.comes hack again,' she assured herself over and over. '-ler will imake it all clear to n,, the:i. t " and I1 snail. laugh iat' rysepf to:'think-.'how a anxious I have been. Did ~d-not swear to- u be true?' Ž- .. -" Perhaps it. would hiave. go'ne J.iard. .ith c Phiilippa5 at this % eary sii;sein "of feverish. expectancy if: she had iiot? be©i given inces? c sant occupation to engrrjs her: -time -nd o mind:. As it was old Blake ad. fallen ill, - and had taken to his bed, and Phillippa f nursed him as assiduously asift she had been his own child." D a d 'an nigh.t she: tended ii him, ' like an angel,' said old'Dorcas and the e other servants., and her, patience and sweet t temper was beautiful; For= he old'mair was i very querulous, und fidgeted-about his busi ness. It woeuld all :go :o¢ ruin, he declared, - without his supervisiqn. .. Sonme said, however, that-he missed. his old- t crony. Lawyer Hay? aiid.was fretting.over hiss' F loss; others, that:.h? felt troubled:at:Walter's } absence, and : yearned for the boy's return. Any way, he talked a goqd-ideal about the. e absentee, an:I of what th?, sliouiid do in his honour when they should get him. back to Tidmouth. All resentment against Walter seemed to " have died out of the old man's heartsince he had become co weak .that he must take -tohis . bed ; and one night :Phillippa fancied. that his mind was wandering and .things were be- . coming hazy with him, for he spoke of his " nephew 'as thouqh he had- iiever -been away at all and would shortly be coming into the room to sit by the bedside. But Providenoa had decreed that the old } main and the young one -slould never meet again.on earth. ,, In the first week in November,:after an ,. unusually quiet day-for"might not tbe deiar lad arrive at any hour ?--the old man,,smil ing closed his eyes; :and calmly 'died in his. sleep. . \- Yes, Walter might arrive at. any hour, but he -did not come ; and he waa wanted sorely now, for everything was -tastandstilL No ' one knew what to do. . Everybody was wait ing for' Walter, and: he was-not there. Of course the funeral arringements had to go on without him; and the funeral over, there was nothing to do but wait. Everything, of course, was left to Walter and in his'absente the executors.appealed to Phillippa. -IHow should they set.about their business.? . 'I cantell you nothing, she said, looking unutterably sWeet in. her black dress and simple linen collar and cuffs- 'You must wait till Mr W? ter -Blake cornes home... He will soon be back now, I think. \- ' That Not.Ian?e?w as memorable for its bad weather-its stormy days, and its howling, tempestuous nights. Halfthe jetty do the other side of the { quay wts swept 4way; and more than one hapless lishing smack had been washed ashore. keel.up~vards a.id 'in so battered a plight as to be "ell. -nigh past recognition. Many a prayer-tor ?hose at sd i' vent up to the mercy seat in those wild November r nights from the quakilg as&ils; of the poor drudges at home, ºwho, as thby looked out with fearful gaze on "the miightyser,- tessmg and. gr'o.mning in the blackness, speculated with a kind of dreary resignation othe iprobable fate of the absen i fishers: " - It is an awfulnight, Miss Phillippa,' sid Dorcas one .eveni- g abouit eight o'elfoc, corn l, ie??a.n Phi ,1nr' ri.i?ce' with the freerdom o an old o'uesrc, aun Li - is like thiteder. A-td we have heard guns. Martha- salys it is :a ship in distress, and 'I think so-too o o. , V have just looked out, anid the epeople ;are running ddwn to the beach, Miss . ':. - - ' Guns 1 Are you sure -=' ;asked- Phillippa, starting -up arid dropNing Ihi rw iork on the floor.. 'I heard somdthinig once'e twice and thoughV itivwas only ihe boom of the heavy waves - . - - 'There it is again,'. said.Dores, putting'up her withered old hands and listening intently. SHark, Miss Phillippa. The n;en are shout ing. I eapect they' arei ettin, the lifeboat ready,' remarked the daline, w- ho ad- lived all her life ori the sea oastata had become used to the scenes 'of distiess whicfhthe sea often brought to Tidionth. ::: SWe will go ot, too, .Isd Philippa, hurriedly, appr?ehensive'-ofi she ?arely knew what. ' We ma?y l-e of us we may r to soinething to hep." Get : ?yri siu:~f Dorcas, andl come ivoit?Ime- Mae Easte ±nd let us lose no time.. .. , , \- Five minutes lantr thly' were -down 1y Jtie shattered jetty, jostled by the 'crowd. ani'd buffeted by. the furious windl. ; SThe lights of hthe boats in the)arbour were Stossing high in the darkness, the huge vwaves roiled inland and broke' with inighty force. Meu and wvomen were rushlng to and fro and asking questions that iohbod~eould answ.er,: and all of them were wrlling to do something or other, if they-oniy knew in ~hat way they could l?lp. I Is the lifeboat gone.' inquirea Philiippa of. an otld fishermax, as a rocket shott up into. the mnrty sky, making herse!f heard with, ditliculty, for'the united voices of wfild-: nid tide were hard to contend against. S he had pinned her shawll: close over her heaid, and was lholding Dorca's 'n ". . : 'Yes-tea minutes??p.:: -, 't Heaven help themi ' -, A.nother gun ! It sounded quite ilear n:'i ithat thvy were out of doors. , Anaother rocket cleft thie black tmmn'??fu ous air. The crowd of specfatcait:ni yiprssed forward; 'They hav.e -rached them- .tlhw: have reached them:' A bhlie oket was to 'be the sgnal. . ' What vessel is it- can you tell me l'asked Phillippa of thie sameb old fistiecrman t"owhom she had -befroi'? spoken? And he answered her as he threw up:his armins to save his great flapping hat,:. : . : ' . ' The Prince Churl~i; maam: She has run on the rocks over th'oh~r by the No'th.- Cliff, barely a' mile oii,. ?Žiao pf them will he lost now. . Phillipppa grhsped~ e- ominpanioa's arm staggered, and.tgistl h:·i b falten but for the ld womaq's tiedy stiipor - : ' Oh, don' t give.a w.i. my. dear i gasped Dorces, sorely frig'ntened for ;he mi'stress It will be all right; they:wil:be saved, and'i 'Yes, yes,' ansu ered Pillippa, feverithly, recovering herself, aiid'"standig eect andn alone .in order.to press her hanids agairnst her throbbing heart. ' I ea.r ?voices. The Yif& boat is coming - Now' we can beof iuse, per Ihaps.' And they. wiet ado nf i.tpe dr two niearer to the hoil, ng ., ;rf. ?. 'Mlaki Way, mnake "si~' !'.thecr went- lipF, a the: gallant little :draft, freigPted Jto its iitmont ,.apacity, shot. over the hissing foamn and ecut the clean, - cold- -shingle of the 'crowded&biach...; '. urrah !'. . The gale caught up that lusty cheer and carried it over the sea.. It might have gone . out on thef wings of the storm to the doomed .ship, to give fresh strength and hope tc the fainting"souls that cluig to her: The lifeboat had scarcely effected a land ing. before.she was launched again on her errand of Salvation, Another cheer- ollowed the birave band that manned her as the dark ness swallowed them up. ' They're sayinig that one of the passengers -a. poor :young girl is almost dead,' said Dorcas, out of breath. ' They're taking her to the Sailor's Home with the rest of them. S he is the only unconscious one of the lot. \- '-Stop -hem,' interposed Philippa, quickly,. upon.whom a strange dread of misgiving had .seized, now that a reunion with Walter : was probably near at hand. 'Let us take the poor creature .home. with us;.we must be useful now that we are here. We will go in. directly , I. am- chilled to the bone.. Gd; Dorcas, -and tell them we -will take th~e "lady. itlfi".J - C -- - . ---- So;Dorcas obeyed:; and they hurried back -to the. house, two bra .?ny seamea-. following ,; in theirt wake, bearing between them their; . unconscious burden.' She was but a slip of. a girl, drenched to the skin,-her long fair hair all dank and matted with the salt sea spray. The little hands was cold and bruised, and eyes closed as if in death. But she was. not really dead, only worn out with terror, and inanimated from exhaustion. Philippa undressed the stranger and laid her .inlher' own bed, whilst Dlorcas .made. a, fire and got some hot wine, and anon came. and chafed .the cold little feet and fingers,. and smoothed back with her careful old hands the long fair hair. Philippa, just now • was thankful for something that claimed her whole attention ; it took her out of herself,, as it were, and carried her throughts fromnt Walter. Suspense .otherwise would have. driven her mad. Then she moistened the girl's lips with the hot"wine, and managed to, pour a little of it down her jhroat. She bathed the chill brow and cheeks with eau do. Cologne, and bent over and kissed the white. face on the pillows, out of pure womanly tenderness. 'Look, Doreas,' she said, standing by the bedside, " she is hardly more than a child-= and how beautiful ! I wonder who she is ? Dorcas was busy with .one little hand. She shook her head. `'No; she's not a child, Miss Philippa.. See here.' And the worthy old soul pointed to the wedding ring which adorned the handi she held, SShe is very young to be married,' said; Philippa Hay, musingly. Presently the stranger opened her eyes and gazed about her wonderingly.. Dorcas; at that moment had left the room. S'Where am 1l Who. are you F' said theo iweak voice. And Philippa knelt down at. oncme by the pillow and caressed the braiht. lhead that ij', back .en t!em:. SYou are safe, -and with friendel. Your own people, I- have no dubi,t, will soen be Sse?nding to inquire for you, for down :on the shore it is knownu that wie have. brou ?:t you L'i..- 1 tiaa ony 'y ur tusnan.I W;l, mi. that is all. Where is he Oh, ndo ot t(ll m.:a that he is drowned !' moaned ,the girl. 'No, no, I pray not., I do not think thit:. any lives were': lost. T'Te vessel struck so. near home.' I' "Bat my husband !' cried the other, halWf raising hcrself in bed. ' Where is hei? I Shave no oue else- Why does he not come. Kto me if he is safe and well V 'Rest assured that he will. returned . Philippa, soothingly, 'as soon as he knows where you are.' Then a sudden impulse prompted her to ask, ' What is his namn: i'.. t ' His niame,' answered the girl, sinking1 Sback'ad : cosing her eyes ag?in, too- weak to: c: feel astonishmenlt at the abruptmient of thei. 1 question, 'is Blake--'Walter Plake.' Nocry escaped Phi!ippa, though the tlow i hn a" last fallein.; she mrade no sign tha1t th(l SsuirL:r.r.d- e?en t ougmx she knew that the, Sdrean t~ o w'hich-she had clung so foudily was v erily.ovec and done with, and the lirht had Sgone out of hlei .1e for evermnoro. She did riot stir. [er frhe was.'pressed on I he side of the ted, her-hands tightly clasped; she: I knelt there, as if in fenvent prayer. But. nio, not yet--not ,yet, in: her agony, could slhe. Ssay, 'Thy will be done ! . That, perhaps,. would corue.by and bye. She wondered afterwards how she could be Sso cahn in this.trying ordeal; and then it was tlhat she began to realise tha;t the blow -was. not. altogether unlooked for.. In her heart of hearts.she had long been prepared to receive it. The room was so strangely stilli thait the invalid thought her kild friend must have fallen asleep, as.she knelt, there? ' Are you. awake V asked Walter's, wife,, softly . ... .. -. . .. ' Yes.' ' Are you ill S' o -owhy do you ask •" -, X .'.Youare so-so sijert. :'.L havq :been tithinki ng of what you h-v,. Sjusttold me,' ansvwe~d--dhkiippi ,--'T.5 P?si Swere you married ?. -Will you tell m .. thit toot l t About a. year agO. My parents lived in Yokohama. Walter and . I fell in love directly we mri:et-soon after. he got out there. in" fact. - Do you know.hium ?' aske1 the girl nwith a languid interest. ! She was-too prostrate to regard anything as. very extraordinary She sighed; she wanted her husband to come This was all she cared aout. Philippa drew a hard breath. S'Do 1 knowhim ? Ah, yes ! He and I are old-0friends.' 1' Is it possible that you are Phllippa Hay V' ' Yes.' " i 'I remember his speaking of you once, and lie said yoi were, old friends.' •' Old friends! And that,was all ' thought. Phiiiippa, with passionate bitterness. A loud knock reverberated through the house, and Philippa, very pale, rose from her knees. ' This is your husband,' she saidl, her calt -tones quiyering in! spite of her effort to control them. I will go and bring him to you.' ' How sweat and good you are,' returned Walter's wife. - Philippa left the room, and closed the" door. Sil..Heaven give me strengthY' was the in-. S.viirdl:itiful cry. & Walter had crossed the threshold, and at the foot of the stairs they met. Seeing Philippa, he rushed forward to meet her. in spite of his roughened hair and tanned skin, his drenched clothes and dishevelled ap pearance, she saw in the first glance the fair, boyish Walter of olden days-those dear old days that were over. She knew that she herself was changed ; but he was just the same. She felt quite old and haggard by the side of him-he looked so young and strong and free. Truly his sins sit lightly upon him ! 'Philippa,' he cried, in a kind of reckless misery, ' 1 must explain-' She drew him into the parlour,'out of'ear shot of the servants. 'Hush !' she said, speaking more sternly than she herself was aware. 'Explanation is unnecessary-it can do no good; P know enough ! The past cannot be undone; there fore be kind to me, and let it rest in its grave.' He should not see that he had broken her heart. Philippa was a woman and womanly; and, if he had failed to keep faith with her, it did not follow that she should reproach i.-film iow wI~E a display of her fidclity. He did not want her love; he had given his heart to another woman. Well, she had been true to herself and to him ; he had been untrue, that was all. Let the dead past bury its dead. Words were useless pain. ' I did not write because I was ashamed. I felt that I was a villain. That is the truth. I put off the evil day until it was too late.' She held up her hand. ' Don't !' she said. Then she looked him steadily in the face, 'hier eyes quiet and mournful, and he thought, without knowing what his thoughts were, how old and worn and white she looked. Was it possible that two years could have wrought so great a change in her , ' Your uncle is dead,' she went on, point ing to her black dress. ' You have heard i' 'Yes,' he answered, his head bowed and turned from her; I was told outside.' 'Your wife is upstairs,' bravely continued Phillippa. ' Doa you know I' 'Yes; 1-was told that you had brought her here-you of all women. We were separated in the panic on board.' 'I will take you to her,' Phillippa said, her hand on the door. ' She is waiting for you. Come. She led the way and he followed. ' But you ought to change these wet things, she said, gravely, looking round at him. ' Yon will find some of your old clothes in the room that used to be your own when at home last. ' Never mind. Oh, Phillippa, he cried, humbly, as they ascended the staircase, ' and this is how we meet again. SYes,' she answered;,without even looking round this time, ' this is indeed how we meet again. - .' Oh, Phil, he began once more, with a passionate ring of entreaty and self-accusa tion in his tones-' and you remember how we parted---- 'Hush,' she interrupted, a spasm of pain crossing her white face-for the old pet name falling so naturally from the dear familiar voice was the worst stab of all. ar nod q ei er. They halted outside the bedroom door. He caught-Pklillippa's hand, and kissed it with a . sob. How faithful you have been ! Heaven, how true and faithful !' She dragged- away her.hand, and pushed open the door. 'Your-your wife is in that room,' she said, and left him. ' Thank heaven, she was alone at last 1 Early thie next day'Phillipa, accompanied by her ancient hand-maiden, went back to St. Ann's and took up her abode once more at her pretty cottage there. It had not been let to anyone, and it was a haven of refuge to her now. i Her life thenceforward, if not exactly happy and complete, was, at least, a useful and a charitable one. She possessed the means wherewith to do good, and she did it As long as she lived among them, the sick and-needy, both in St. Ann's and Tidmouth, had reason to bless the name of Philippa Hay. The children so often to be seen at her house, playing and romping in her garden, and sometimes to be met accompanying her on her mission of charity, are Walter Blake's children. She loves them. very dearly for their father's sake, but she will never marry. The romance of her young days would never come to anything, the gossips had prophesied; and the prediction had come true, after all. Women like Philippa Hay can love but once in a lifetime; and that once with them is everything. The colonial delegates met a large number of Peers and Commons at the grand com mittee room of the House of Parliament -on Sthe 11th instant to discuss the question of State directed: colonisation. Sir. S Griffith r-f:2 . -t' Teprsentatives and all the peop of the colonies most cordially concur red as to the importauce of bringing the surplus population of the United Kingdom to British dominions rather than to a \- foreign country. He was in favor of those emigrants who were willing to work out their own prosperity, rather than those re quiring aid of a paternal Government. Sir F. Dillon Bell referred to the action of the colonies in making grants for the importa tion of the laboring classes, and setting apart la.ge tracts of land for the occupation pf emigrants; but he said the Imperial Govern ment did nothing until England was ready toconsider the question of State aided colon izationassomething really material to her prosperity and welfare, and until she was ready to enter into partnership with the colonial Governments, she could not get any ftirther with any scheme of colonization. Mrr Fitzherbert suggested the House of Commons might appropriate a sum for the purpose of emigration, placing it in the hands ofitrustees and some responsible body, that would send none but eligible emigrants. The cheerful alacrity with which a young man, will guide his sweetheart towards a milliner's- shop window before they are mar ried- is equalled only bIy' the marvellous skill with which he will steer her away from it atr she iahis wife. 