THE BANSHEE. [From the Dublin University Scview.] Gbeen, in the wizard arms Of the foam-bearded Atlantic, An iBle of old enchantment, A melanoholy isle, Enchanted and dreaming lies; And there, by the Shannon's flowing, In the moonlight, spectre-thin, The speotre, Erin sits. An aged desolation, She sits by old Shannon's flowing, A mother of many ohildren, Children exiled and dead; In her home, with bent head, homeless, Clasping her kneeB, she Bits, Keening, keening. And at her knees the fairy grass Trembles on dun and barrow ; Around the foot of her anoient crosses The ryegrass shakes and the foxglove swims; In hannted glens the meadow sweet Flings to the night wind Her mystic mournful perfume: The sad spearmint by holy wells Breathes melanoholy balm. Sometimes she lifts her head, With blue eyes tearless, And gazes athwart the reek of night Upon things long past, Upon things to come. And sometimes when the moon Brings tempest upon the deep, And arouses Atlantic thunders from his caverns in the West, The wolf-hound at her feet Springs up with a mighty bay, And chords of mystery sound from the wild harp at her aide, Strong from the heart of poets; And eh e flies on the wings of tho tempest Around her shuddering isle, With grey hair streaming, A meteor of evil omen, The speotre of home forlorn, Keening, keening. She keens and the strings of her wild harp shiver on the gusts of night: O'er the four waters she keens—over Moyle she keens, . O'er the sea of Miledth, and the Strait of Strongbow, And the ooean of Columbus. And the Fianna hear, and the ghosts of her oloudy, hovering heroes, And the swan, Fianoula, wails o'er the waters of Innisfail, Chanting her songs of destiny, The tune of the waving Fates ; And the nations hear, in the void and qnaking time of night Sad unto dawning, dirges, Solemn dirges, And snatches of bardio song; And they dream of the weird of kings, And tyrannies moulting, siok In the dreadful Wind of Change. Wail no more, Lonely One! Mother of Exiles, wail no more ! Banshee of the world no more! Thy sorrows are the world's; thou art no more alone! Thy wrongs, the world's. John Todhuntkb. 