The Coyote and its Haunts. _A ricnntE of tho great plains is incomplete without a coyote or two, hurrying furtivoly through the distance. . . The coyote is a wolf — a -wolf ' about two thirda tho sizo of that one which haunts forests and the pages of story books. Ho has a long, lean body; legs a triflo short but sinewy and octavo ; a head moro foxy than wolfish, for the! nose is long and pointed ; the yellow eyea are : sul 211 bpt'ULuuuj-ixunms ui Dines eyeiias, ana the hanging tan-trimmed ears niay bo erected, giving a woll-morited air of alortness to thoir wearer; a tail — strait as a pointer's — also fox like, for it is bushy btyond the ordinary lupine type, and a shaggy, largo-maned, wind raffled, dust-gathering coat of dingy whito, ? suffused with tawny brown, or often decidedly briridle. ' . A shade in the stubble, a ghost by tho wall, Now leaping, now limping, now risking a fall ; \- Top-eared and large-jointed, but ever alwuy A thoroughly vagubond outcast in gray. Such is tho coyoto — genus loci — of tho plains ; an Ishmaelito of the desert ; a consort of rattlo snake and vulture ; the tyrant of his inferiors ; : jackal to the puma ; a bushwhaokor upon the flanksof the buffalo armies ; tho pariah of hia own race, and despised by mankind. Withal ho maintains himself, and his tribe increases ; lie outstrips' animals fleotor than himself ; he foils those of far greater strength '. he excels furnishes the Indian not only a breed of domestio dogs, but in many, canine rdoos ranks as earliest progenitor; ho becomes the contre of mytliB, and finally is apothcosised. Our, coyoto is a truo westcmor, and typifies tho independence, tho unrestrained gaioty, nnd brisk zeal whioh enters into the heart of him. who .sights tho , Rocky Moun tains. He is little known at presont east ward oi real : bunch-grass plains . in early d«ys, however, he ? ' was* oommon enough in the open, country of Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, nnd northward, whence ho reooived the name of 'prairie-wolf.' - Threading tho passos, ho wanders, along tho foothills of tho compli cated mountain Bystom that forms tho '. crest of tho continont,' and dwells plentifully in California valloys. — Popular Science Monthly. 