GREAT EXCITEMENT IN THE ASSEMBLY. FRIDAY. When the Assembly met yesterday, Mr. Copeland moved the adjournment, to discuss the closing of the theatres on Sundays. The debate lasted till near midnight, when the motion was negatived without division. The Premier then moved his resolutions, condemning the recent disgraceful proceedings in tne Town Hall. A warm debate ensued, and the House is still sitting. LATER. The Assembly adjourned at a quarter past 7 this morning. At 3 o'clock Mr. Bowes moved, "That the question be now put," when the House divided with the result of 47 votes in favour of Sir H. Parkes' resolutions to 10 against them. Mr. Melville then charged the Speaker with cowardice, and Mr. Copeland accused him of partiality. The Speaker repudiated both aspersions. Mr. Dibbs' amendment was then put, and lost by 54 votes to 13, Mr. Copeland called for three cheers for the Queen, when all the members rose and cheered heartily. Mr. Copeland, followed by all the other Oppositionists, left the Chamber. The Ministry and their supporters then joined lustily in singing the National Anthem. After something like order had been restored, and the Opposition had taken their places, the main question was put. The Opposition again left the Chamber, and the motion was carried by 53 ayes, there being no tellers on the other side. Cheers were again given, and the National Anthem again snug. The Customs Duties Bill was subsequently re- committed, to omit the items in the schedule imposing 5 per cent duty on jewellery, watches and clocks. Unseemly obstruction was indulged in by Mr. Melville, and a few kindred spirits, but the motion to omit the items was carried by 37 votes to 16.—Times, THE GREAT MEETING. The Loyalist demonstration held in the Exhibition Building on Wednesday night, was the largest gathering ever held in Australia. Fully 25,000 were present. All the resolutions were carried by overwhelming majorities—the adverse minority being an insignificant few. Notwithstanding precautions, a few scrimmages occurred, but there was no indication of an organized opposition to the object of the meeting. The Premier, Governor, and Lady Car rington received enthusiastic ovations, and in this respect all congregated seemed unanimous. Towards the close of the proceedings the immense surging of the crowd created a- larm, and many beat a hasty retreat. In the rush for the doors, two persons were hurt, aud conveyed to the hospital. Resolutions in favor of the Queen's fund were also carried. SUNDAY ENTERTAINMENTS VICTORIAN OPINION'S. MELBOURNE, Tuesday,—With regard to the Jubilee troubles in Sydney, the Daily Telegraph condemns the license that has been given to those who progagate the anti-social and anti-religious opinions of Mr, Thomas Walker. It says that the thrice-exploded charlatan who found the air of Victoria soungenial to him has actually found a seat in the New South Wales Parliament, and in the intervals of railing at all Divine and human institutions actually assists to make r the laws of the sister colony. t What sort of a social condition is yielded by such social forces as Sunday papers, theatres, concerts and picnics finds illustration in the twicedefeated attempt to hold a public meeting for the purpose of expressing respect for her Majesty." *' Never before " (says the Daily Telegraph) " has the Queen's name or the reputation of a great colony been so dragged through the mire." Satisfaction is expressed that the Sydney people are at length a- roused and recognise; the fact that the forces which are anti-religious are also anti-social. The article goes on to say that Sir Henry Parkes, with regard to the Sunday use of theatres, is acting wisely and has shown a capacity for resolute action worthy of the highest praise, but lio is undertaking a big task and may expect to m^et with much oppositi-QiLiurii abuse. The Daily 1 eley-aph concludes by saying that we, too, have a. a party amongst us eager to substitute license for law, and this evil party has allies in quite unexpected quarters. Since Sydney, however, so kindly plays the part of the drunken helot for us, the least we can do is to profit by the warning thus given. " An infidel does'nt believe in an oath sworn on the Bible, does he V asked Mrs. Pentweazel. " No," snapped out old Pentweazel, without looking up from his paper. " Well," persisted his better half, " if that's the case, what does a man like Ingersoll say when he is obliged to take an oath V' " S'help me Bob, I suppose," chuckled the old man. GREAT WAS THE FALL On Thursday last one of the carpenters engaged on the new hotel being erected in Isabella-street had a fall from the second floor. It seems he was walking across the joists, when he trod upon the end of a board which tilted up and let him through. He happened to be just above the trap to the cellar, a- cross which was lying a flooring board, on to which he fell. This broke and let him down into the cellar. Had it not been for the board, it is thought, he would have sustained serious injury, as it was however he appeared to be not very much put out by his precipitation in making for the depositary of the rum casks. SALE OF PROPERTY Mr. J. J. Herkes will sell by auction, on the premises, on the 9th of July next, the valuable property belonging to Mrs. J. Martin at Chatham. This is an opportunity for investors rarely offered, as the property is within such easy distance of both Taree and Cundletown, and the bidding for it will no doubt be brisk. Mr. Herkes quitted at satisfactory prices two of the allotments in Farquhar-street on behalf of Mr. Smith, one to Mr. W. Bird, and the other to a Mr. Johnston, of the Lower Manning. MR. LAGERLOW. If any person who has received notice of Assessment under the Pastures and Stock Protection Act will forward the same to F. O. Lagerlow, together with the amount of Assessment in postage stamps with 5 % added for exchange, 6d. for registration, and Is. his fee, he will forward the amount to the secretary for the Board and be responsible for its safe delivery. Every remittance received by F. O. L. will be promptly acknowledged. OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE. Department of Public Works, (Roads under Trustees), Sydney, June 11, 1887. GENTLEMEN,— With reference to your letter of the 17th August last, I have now the honor to inform you thac the Secretary for Public Works has approved of a sum of <£50 being granted for expenditure by the local officer on the road from- Wingham, via the Cemetery, to Cundletown. I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, Yours, &c.;, JOHN RAE, Under Sec. The Hon. J. H. Young, M.P., Speaker, and the Hon. C. J. Roberts, C.M.G., M.P., Postmaster- General. Department of Public Works, (Roads under Trustees), Sydney, June 10, 1887. GENTLEMEN,— With reference to your letter of the 28th April, X have now the honor to inform you that the Secretary for Public Works has approved of a sum of £800 being granted for expenditure by the local Roads Officer on the Manning River and other roads in your Electorate. I have the honor to be, Gentlemen, Yours, <fcc., JOHN RAE, Under Sec. The Hon. J. H. Young, M.P., Speaker, and the Hon. C. J. Roberts, C.M.G., M.P., Postmaster- General. SCHOOL OF ARTS The committee of the Wingham School of Arts met on Friday evening last, the President, Mr. Herkes, in the chair. A letter was read from the secretary of the Cundletown School of Arts inviting a number of the members of this institution to a friendly discussion, on a subject to be decided upon. The Wingham committee agreed to the propesal, and appointed Mr. A. Herkes, the Rev. W. A. Smith, Mr. Hodgins, and Mr. E. Rye, as representatives to meet the Cundle people on Thursday next at Cundle, tomake all the necessary arrangements. The subject of classes was then brought up, and Mr. Smith expressed his willingness to undertake an English composition and literature class ; and the secretary was asked to enrol intending pupils. Other business in connection with the social gathering to take place on the 28th inst, was transacted, when the meeting closed. CAPTAIN RICKETTS. Capt. Ricketts returned from the Clarence in the Wellington last week, where he had been for the purpose of raising the drogher Lottie, which had sunk in about thirty feet of water. He was successful in his undertaking, of course, and returns to a lot of hard work which had accumulated during his absence. SELECTIONS.. The following was the only selection taken up at the Land Office, Taree, on Thursday last, June 16,1S87 :—150 acres, John Moore, Camden Haven River. A DREAM, BUT NOT ALL A DREAM A neighbour writes to say that on Friday night last he had a dream which proved to be not all a dream. " At half-past noon of night he dreamt that the gates of hell had suddenly opened, and there issued forth all the hosts of that sulphurous region for the purpose of enveloping the world in fire and fury. They came thundering along, and were just about to overthrow him and his household, when his wife put her hand on his shoulder, and in a horrified whisper exclaimed ' What's that.' This awakened the dreamer, but the thundering of the vehicles was as loudly apparent as ever. Equally terrified when awake as before he leaped out of bed, and, for a short cut, out of the window, in his bedly habiliment, aud beheld a ghostly horse flying around the adjacent half-acre allotment with a huge shadow behind him. After blundering over a stump ortwotheman suddenly remembered that at nightfall a young horse, with a long rope tied to his neck, was eating greenstuff out of a cart, and he came to the conclusion that the rope had become fastened to the cart, and the horse, frightened, had circulated the paddock with it. This surmise proved correct, and assistance having been obtained the horse was released. The only injury was the barked shins of the man, which is sufficient evidence to him that his dream was not all a dream." REV. G. M. BROWN. The Rev. G. M. Brown returned from the Sydnod meeting at Newcastle early last, week, and held Jubilee services yesterday, as notified, at Cedar Party Creek, Tinonee, and Wingham. His services for next Sabbath will be found in the usual place. A NUN'S GHOST Innumerable aie the stories told at home and abroad of hidden treasures discovered by supernatural means. Germany is particularly rich in legends of this sort. A curious case has occurred there just lately, the particulars of which are copied from the Leip zeger Tagblatt. In the little market town of Gehofen, near Mansfield, in Prussian Saxony, there was dug up in the month of January last, a large quantity of gold and silver coin, dating from the sixteenth and the beginning of the seventh century, and supposed to have been buried at the time of the Thirty Years' War. With this discovery is connected a curious tradition, to the effect that, in the year 1683—that in which the Turks laid siege to Vienna, whence they were driven by Sobieski, King of Poland—there dwelt in the neighbourhood of the place where the money has been found, in a manor house called Trebra, a lady named Philippine Yon Werthern, wife of the Castellian Sitta Yon Eberstein, who was s«>id to be subject to strange hallucinations. She complained that day and night there appeared to her the ghost of a nun, who had been a native of Trebra, and who had died about fifty years before in the neighbouring convent of Donndorf, and had been buried in the church at Gehofen, her native parish. She desired that the lady should cause to be dug up a large sum of money which she had buried in the place not far from the castle, with a view to preserve it from the rapacious soldiery who were then carrying fire and sword everywhere round. L^dy Philippine consulted her father confessor, the priest of the parish, Magister Thalemaun, as to whether she should comply with the nun's requcs 1 -, and see to getting the money recovered ; but he strongly dissuaded her from doing so, giving it as his opinion that it was a devillish work. Not at all satisfied with the judgment of the pastor, the lady laid the case before the Universities of Leipzig, Wittenberg, and Jeha, so that hundreds of learned pens were set in motion upon it; but the clear verdict of the majority was that no steps should be taken in the matter, since the ghost was most certainly an evil spirit. Thenceforward the lady—though it was thought to be a mere fancy—was not only haunted by a ghost of the nun, which had at first approached her quietly, beseeching her aid, but was positively ill-used, or, as she expressed herself, mishandled by it, owing to her persistent disregard of its entreaties. At length the ghost seemed to have tired of tormenting her, and ceased from its nocturnal visitations, which it had found to be fruitless. Gellert, in one of his fables, mentions the ghost of the Gehofen nun, the memory of which has now been revived once more by the discovery of the hidden treasure, which not a few ignorant people firmly believed to be the very same which the nun concealed to save it from Tilly and Wallensteins' robber hordes, and which, thirty-five years after the restoration of peace, the poor spirit, presum- ably then still in purgatory, so earnestly wished the Lady of Eberstein recover, doubtless to get masses said for ultimate rest in peace. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS BILL. On Tuesday, in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister for Lands, Mr. Garrett, brought in the Payment of Members Bill, and it was read the first time. The following is a copy of the bill:— Be it enacted by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the consent of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly of New South Wales in Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same as follows :— 1\. This Act may be cited as " Parliamentary Representatives Allowance Act," and shall come into force upon the day on which the writs for the next general election of members to serve in the Legislative Assembly held after che passing of this Act shall be made returnable. 2\. Every member of the Legislative As" sembly elected to serve therein on or after the day on which this Act shall come into force shall, unless he is one of the persons specified or referred to in the next following section, be entitled to receive by way of reimbursement for expenses incurred by him in the discharge by him of his Parliamentary duties an allowance at the rate of three hundred pounds per annum, which allowance shall be charged on the Consolidated Revenue Fund, and be payable to such member from the time of taking his seat in the Assembly until he shall resign or vacate his seat or until Parliament shall be dissolved or shall expire by effluxion of time. 3\. No member of the said Assembly shall be entitled to the said allowance or any portion thereof while holding any office of profit specified in the schedule to the " Constitution Act Amendment Act of 1884," or any office of profit under the Crown, the acceptance of which shall render vacant the seat of the person accepting the same, or while in receipt of any official salary as Speaker of the said Assembly, or as Chairman of Committees thereof, or while in the receipt of any pension or allowance granted under any Act authorising the grant of superannuation al- lowances or pensions to officers in the public service. Provided always that every member of the said Assembly- so in receipt of any pensions or allowances, aforesaid, shall be entitled to the allowence authorised by the last preceding section, subject to the abatement of such last-mentioned allowance by the amount received by him, or to which he may be entitled as a pension or superannuation allowance. 4\. If any member of the said Assembly shall, in any session thereof, be absent from any sittings of the said Assembly during any month, except for the cause of illness, the allowance of such member shall be abated in the proportion which his absences bear to the whole of the sittings held during such month. 5\. This Act shall be carried out under the directions of the responsible Minister charged with the administration thereof. And for the purpose of giving due effect to its pro- visions, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, may frame regulations which on publication in the Gazette shall have the force of law. All such regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within 14 days after such publication if Parliament be then in session, and if not then within 14 days after the commencement of the next ensuingj session. 