T FICTION. From Kntfliti, Amarle«», and etbcr Fcrladlcala. FAITHFUL TO THE END. CHAPTER I. THE BEAUTIFUL, HTSTKBIOUS STEANGKE. The loos sea-beach lies barren and whit«, I (Ob, the wind and the Bait. Bait spray !) I The lighthouse glares from the stony height \ Where cliff and sky are gray. The long sea-beach lies lonely and bare, (Oh, the triad and the salt, rait spray I) The simple fisher-folk do not dare Come down at clcBe of day. Yet ever, they say, the dreary coast (Ob, the wind and the salt, salt spray I) Is haunted by some unresting ghost That mourns tome crime away. Kinnr-T^v Wtnne. " I wonder if it is true that coming events cast their dark, grim shadows on before P I have had such a strange foreboding of impending evil all day long, and as night draws nearer, my heart grows heavier and heavier." A slight, girlish figure springs up from the white sands as she utters the words, and turns away from the sea with a shudder, walking hurriedly up the steep, narrow, irregular path that leads to the arched entrance of Black-Tor Light-house. The warm September afternoon is drawing to a close. The lurid rays of the setting sun glint with a touch of gold the picturesque Florida coast, the motionless sea, and the light-house that rises like a > towering monument in gray stone out of the curling wares which surround it, and the narrow strip of fertile'jsand, dotted with dense thickets ofpalntand wind-blasîed oranges trees, on which it stands. The heat, for this season of the year, has been «lmost intolerable, and night is coming on in sullen sultriness. For hours no breath of air has stirred the leaves of the trees, or broken the calm of the purple sea. It is th« dead calm which, in tropical lands, pre- cedes the hurricane of the September tempest. The slim figuré, flitting up the path, sinks down on the worn doorfcill of the light-house, anxiously watching the dark) waining clouds that creep over the sky in advance of the on-coming night. " The storm will bleak before Mark returns from Rocky Point," she murmurs. " What can detain him ? He should have been here by noon." Even as she spoke, a few rain-drops splashed upon her upturned face. "It's coming," she cried, in affright, straining her eyes toward the distant line of shore. " The terrible storm ! God watch over Mark, and speed his boat safe home ! As she gazed, the gloaming deepened into inky darkness, and the storm began. The slender palms bent to and fro like reeds be- fore the wind. Lightning flashed luridly, and Certifie craab.es of thuader mingled with the {¡orrent /^of1rain, lashing the angry sea into turbulent waves that rose mountain high, beating with wild, mad fury and mighty roar against the impregnable rocks of the old, gray light-house. Mark Sefton, the keeper of the light, had done to Rocky Point early that morning, and all the way the parting words of his pretty young wite haunted him, try as hard as. he would to forget them. " Don't go, Mark," she had pleaded earnestly. " I feel sure something will happen before your re- turn I have a presentiment-" " Nonsense," he had cut in, with ahearty, cheery laugh, " Don't be foolish and whimsical, Nella. Nothing is going to happen nothing could happen. I shall be back before the storm sets in, and in time to light up. Darkness had ciept on, the storm had burst, but where was Mark ? Suddenly Nella remembered the light. She had quite forgotten it. Great Heaven! what if any ship was out in that blackness without that beacon light to guide her ? With winged feet Nella sped up the «piral stair- way that led to the summit of the great tower. A moment more and a broad glare of light shot ont' from the great lamp, sending a ruddy glow over the Tortex of seething waters that lashed the walls of the old lighthouse till it trembled and rocked on its foundation. ' " Heaven grant that no ve3sel is out breasting the fearful storm-to have need of the signal in the tower to warn her ofpthe dangerous reefs." Hark ! what was it that sounded over the "fierce roar of the maddned elements, and the shrill pierc- ing cries pt the storm-driven sea-gulls ? Nella Sefton strained her cars to liston. The sound was repeated in quick succession. Suddenly the'horrible truth burst upon her. The lamp had been lighted too late. A ship is in distress. In the inky darkness she has drifted on to the fatal rocks, and is signalling help. Boom ! boom ! boom ' poal the minute guns. Nella Sefton, clinging to the rails of the spital stairway, watches the horrible scene from\ ijie tower, as the blinding flashes of lightning reveal it to her gaze, in terror too great for words. In the meteoric light she sees the great ship strike the fatal rock, and dark forms casting them selves into the seething whirlpool. Then darkness reigns. I " Mark," she moans, " God save you from being on the sea to-night !" Another flash, and she sees a dark object one instant high on the mad »weaves, then hurled beneath them. It is a'plank with a dark figure clinging to it. HiTwbite face was turned to her for one awful instant 5 and the wildest cry that over fell from human lips burst from Nella Sefton's. She had seen and recognised-Mark. , But in this appalling moment her daring courage did not forsake her. In that glance she had re- alised his peril, and she knew the only means of saving him would be to fling him the life-rope. I£ he were to miss it, that meant death-death in the horrible sea she had always dreaded eo much ! but, ah ! she must not think of that now. I Down the spiral stairway Nella flew like a storm driven swallow, out of the light-house, and out on the sands. The flying spray dashed in her face, and the fierce tempest almost hurled her from her feet, but she scarcely heeded the hurricane. A moment more, that seemed the length of eter- nity, and she had unfurled the great coil of rope which was made fast at one end to the iron ring embedded in the solid rock. And over the wild fury of the storm, the man clinging to the plank heard her voice. " The rope, Mark ! Catch the rope !" Once, twice it eluded his frantic grasp. Again it was hurled over the mountain waver. Oh, God ! would he reach it, or miss it ? Nella could only fall on her knees and pray. A breathless moment of horrible suspense. God had answered Nella's prayer. Mark had seized the lifo-rope in his strong right hand. Terror length strength to Nella's slender arms. Bracing herself firmly against the projecting rock, she succeeded in drawing Mark to the shore. As his feet touched the sand and he clambered up on it with her aid, she discovered it was not a plank to which he clung, but the body of a woman. A moment more, and he had staggered, panting and exhausted, into the living room, followed by Nella, and had laid his dripping burden down upon the old çhintz-covered settee. " Never mind me. Do what you can for them Nella," he said. "There's two of 'em J picked them up in the water, just before my boat struck the rooks and threw us into the waves." ^ ç\ As he spoke, he threw hack the dark cloak"which1 enveloped the unconscious figure, and Nella saw a tiny infant which the woman held clutched tightly in her arms. 1 But it was not at the sight of the child, pitiful as the BCene was, that brought the cry to Nella Sefton's lip». It was the woman's face, whom the husband had saved at the risk of losing his own. It was a face as gloriously beautiful as a poet's dream, or artisf s ideal ; pallid as marble, framed up in a mass of dark curling hair, lying in short clusters over her brow, from which the water dripped in tiny pools ; eyebrows dark and perfectly arched'; and lashes long and silken, curling like fringes over the perfectly rounded cheeks-a dimpled chin, and lips that seemed too delicately curved and beauteous to have ever been invested I with tho breath of life. A strange, subtle, fierce, jealous pang shot through Nella's heart as she gazed. The rapt admiration in Mark's eyes pained her,-she oould not tell why. But there was no time to waste precious momontsj standing there idly gazing at £he helpless creatures. Heedless that she hdrself was storm-drenched, Nella sent Mark from the room and speedily set about restoring the waifs,' ¿ ^ In a trice she had divested them of their cloth- ing, wrapped them in soft woollen blankets, and with Mark's help, bore them to her own chamber« where her own slumbering, fair-haired baby-little Verlie-lay. And there, a few moments later, under the in- fluence of the powerful stimulants which had been administered,-the beautiful young stranger opened her great, dark, velvety eyes ; and they flared wonderingly, not into Nella's, but up into Mark's face. " Where am J, and where is baby ?" she mur- mured faintly. ' " Here is the little one j you are both safe and sound, and in good hands," responded Mark» cheerily, as he placed the little one in her arms. At that instant memory surged back again to her overwrought brain. " Oh, I remember-I remember all," she cried with a wailing shriek. *' The voyage on shipboard, the storm, the fatal rocks, the struggling in the wild sea with baby. " Why did you save me," she cried out, sharply, " when I wanted so much to die ?-only to die and end it all. Heaven knows it would have been best for baby, too, if we had died together in the waves.'' One email hand caressed the baby's face, while pass^oii&te; sobs shook her frame. A beautiful, white, shapely hand it was, on which a wedding ring shone. " Dq not talk like that, dear lady," cried Nella aghast. " Thank God that you and your baby were rescued, and are safe." " The world narrowed down to a grave, baby," she moaned, paying no heed to Nella's words. " Life is too hard and cruel. I should not begrudge you your poor, hapless existence ; but, oh, it would have been better for both you and me if we had died." " She is delirious, poor thing," said Mark ; " we must get the doctor from Rocky Point to-morrow." The beautiful stranger turned her face to the wall, and during the long hours of that terrible night, while the hurricane raged outside, she never spoke- never moved,-the great, dark, burning eyes never left the small picture of the " Saviour on J the cross" hanging there. j " Would the baby live through the terrible or I deal ?" Nella wondered, "taking the little mitd pityingly, from the mother's unresisting arms. Ah it seemed not ; its little life hung on such a slender thread. It was chilled and half drowned from the 'terrible exposure. ^ But a glad morn was horn of this darksome night. The gale had subsided. The waves lay smiling, dimpled, calm, under the golden rays of the rising sun, without a sign to mark the spot where1, such a few short hours before, so many souls had been hurled ruthlessly into eternity. As morning broke the beautiful stranger grew rapidly worse, and Mark Sefton set out hurriedly to Rocky Point for a doctor. " It will be useless ! useless !" she murmured clinging to Nella's hand, and turning those strangely burning, luminous eyes upon her face. " I shall die within the hour. Something in my heart tells meso." A terrible convulsion shook her frame as she spoke, which was rapidly followed by a second and a third. And looking at the white, stark face, Nella saw that the shadow of death was indeed creeping over it. Oh, if the nickering flame of life might but last until the doctoi's arrival ! But it was not to be. The stranger grew worse so rapidly that Nella's alarm increased with each passing moment. " My life is ebbing out !" sbe gasped, speaking, with difficulty. " But oh ! I cannot die with the dark.Tiomble story I have to tell, untold. I con- jure you, for the love of Heaven, to listen closely to what I have to say. It is the strangest, most pitiful confession that was ever forced from human lips." Nella started back with a low cry, a wild tangible thought shaping itself in her mind. Was this beautiful young creature a fugitive from justice ? , Ali, no ! It could not be that this lovely, girlish face could ever have been darkened by the Bhadow of a crime. Then instinctively Nella's eyes wandered from the baby's face to the wedding ring the stranger wore. I " It is not that," murmured the stricken lady her dark, burning eyes following the other's gazo and interpreting her thoughts aright. "What I have to tell you my husband who is dead, never knew. Would that my baby would never know !" she wailed out, sharply. '* It may be kept from her for long years ; but on her eighteenth birthday-hork you!-on that fatal day it will burst forth upon the shocked and startled world like a skeleton stalking forth from the charnel house. And then-oh, God help my little baby with such a horrible sword hanging over her inno- cent, unconscious head-I daro not think what will happen then. " And yet I could not rest in my grave-I dare not-with this secret weighing down my soul. I dare not ! Yet it is more bitter than death to reveal it." " But promise me first," she went on, huskily, " that you will take my little babe and care for it as your own. Then I will tell you all." ! " Promise me !" she wailed out, in an agony of entreaty. " I cannot leave baby all alone in the bitter world. I am dying ! my moments are fleet- ing ! For the love of Heaven speak quickly !" It was all so sudden Nella could scarcely realise what was transpiring. How could she refuse so vital a request, with those entreating, burning eyes searching her very soul. . It seemed to Nella when she looked baok to that weird scene in the long bitter after yeare^ which followed, that she had been in a strange dream. " I promise you, lady," she answered, slowly ; and no warning come to her of all that would come from this fatal promise. " If you die I will keep your little child, and rear it with my own and care for it as my own. And as I deal by her bo may Heaven deal by me," she added, solemnly. " God bless you ! You have made death easier to bear. Never forget your promise. Remember the listening angels have heard it, and recorded it np there !" "Be kind to her, she is so little, so feeble, so helpless ! Tell her about me when she grows up, and how young I was to die, but that death would have been welcome to me if it" had not been for her, because I dreaded leaving her here. Tell her how I loved her and held her close in my arms« until my heart" grew cold and j her face faded from my dying eyes. You will not fprget ?" * "No," said Nella, breaking down completely, though she hod struggled hard to keep back her tears through this pitifully pathetic scene 3 " I shall not forget." The hapless young mother kissed the tiny, rose- bud face, all the passion and anguish of lore shining in her dying eyes. " Let me hold my baby close in my arms while I tell you all," she whispered, faintly. "Lock the door, and como closer. It is the most pitiful story that ever darkened a human life, and made me wonder if there is peace to be found on the wide earth, and justioe in Heaven. You will see by this confession that this babe must never love,for shemust never marry." As this startling' sentence fell from her lips a violent spasm shook her frame again, and her fea- tures grew rigid. She started up from the couch with a look of frenzy on hetf ghastly face, as her eyes vainly and mutely sought Nella's. How she tried to beat back the wave of death for one brief moment. How her fluttering soul clung to its tenement of clay, to do the bidding of her will, one terrible instant ; but, alas ! the words froze on her stiffening lips in a bitter wail ; the dark wave of death closed over her. The vital secret which was to bring a world of woe to so many lives was destined to remain unrevealcd until the fatal day she had foretold. She had fallen back upon her pillow-dead-with the poor, frail babe clasped close to her pulseless heart. With a sobbing cry Nella took tho child from those stiffening arms, placing it in a little crib in an adjoining room, close to her own sleeping babe, weeping such tears over it as only tender-hearted women can weep. " Poor, desolat3, little baby ?" she sobbed. " You Bleep all unconscious of the bitter bereavement that pas fallen over you. Tou have lost the best friend the wide world held for you-your fair, young mother !" As she laid the two babes side by side-the one fair, the other dark-they opened their eyes wide ?with wonder, and gazed at each other. God help poor Nella ! How little she dreamed how bitterly the paths of these two were to cross in the after years. If she could have read the future, her own heart would have broken then and there, CHAPTER II. THE PAIE YOUNG QIBL TO WHOM LOVE HUST BE A SEALED BOOK. Have you forgotten to-day we must sever r Oh, bave j ou forgotten this day we must part ? It may be for yeirs, and it may be lererer; Then why art thou silent, thoa voloe of my heart? Pnnp fnniir.ll riior. crouch. Dr. Thorndyke's presence was of little avail when he reached the light-house with Mark Sefton an hour later. "The strange lady is passt all aid, sir," said Nella, leading the way into the living room ; " but I should like you to look at the child] if you will." Both babes lay side by side. Nella, pityingly raised the dark-eyed babe and placed it in the doc- tor's arms. " It's so fragile j do you think it will live, sir ?" " Yes," he said, slowly, " with proper nursing," adding under his breath, as he studied the wee little pink hand intently he held in his own : " Per- haps it would be better for her if she did not." Nella's quick ear had caught the words. ;* What do you see in the baby's hand that should make you think that ?" ahe cried, with a shudder. He pointed to two lines like the veinB of a rose leaf in the tiny palm. "Those are uncommon," he answered, thought- fully. "Not one child in ten thousand has them. Heaven forbid that they should." " Why ?" asked Nella, turning pale. " They portend a strange destiny. I do not like to prophesy, but I tell you that the child lying here ?will havean extraordinary life-a wonderful destiny. I am no seer to peep into the veiled mysteries of the future-no man has that power-but this is no mere coinage of imagination ; it is reading aright the lines of true science as I find them here. A great genius carries the stamp of it on his face. No care- ful reader of human nature fails to detect the ideal face of artist and poet when he meets them, or the noble brow of a great soldier. As some people make a study of human faces, so I have made a study of human hands, and I find plainly enough just what I have told you written upon this one. Yes, hang- ing over this little head is a dark shadow. Heaven grant that it may not obscure the sunshine of her life." Mark Sefton listened in, wonder to the strange story Nella told him after the doctor took his de- parture ; nor did he demur when she informed him of the Vow she had made the dying mother to rear j the child as her own. A portemonnaie, containing a little more that a thousand dollars, was found upon the dead woman's I person. This, Nella solemnly declared, should go for the education of the child she had left-every cent. The marriage ring she had worn had the name Uldene engraved in it; and by this name the child was christened—Uldene Sefton. And both Mark and Nella grew to lore the little waif quite as fondly as they loved their own little flaxen-haired Verlie. Sixteen years passed by, bringing little change to the inhabitants of the isolated island of Black Tor Light-House, save to expand the two infants into wondrously beautiful young girls. Verlie was fair of face, with tender, deep, blue eyes, and hair like golden sunshine. And Uldene— ah, how shall I find words to describe the dark, glowing beauty of peerless Uldene ? the young girl whose life held so tragic a story ! Her face was dark, piquant and dimpled, with rounded cheeks and curved lips as crimson as the heart of a glow- ing wild rose; great, dark, velvety, Oriental eyes, shaded by the longestand darkest of lashes ! a low, broad brow, crowned with rings of curling love- locks, darker than a raven's plume, and a saucy, smiling mouth, that seemed made only for rippling laughter. "Verlie was of a quiet, retiring temperament, sweet and good, Uldene—gay, restless, piquant Uldene, was full of faults ; at once the torment and darling of the light-house. No human being could hold in subjection the fiery, untamed spirit of the wilful little beauty, and her moods were as change- ful as April storms and sunshine. She had been sent to boarding-schools without number, but she never succeeded in staying a month at any one of them. Mark Sefton was always sent for in urgent haste, and was always met with the words: " We are sorry, sir, but wo cannot keep the young lady here ; she revolutionizes the whole school, and incites the refit of the scholars to mischief and rebellion." Mark was in despair, yet how could he scold her with those soft, white arms clinging to his neck, and the girl's merry pealing laughter ringing in his ears, and her mischievous face trying to look penitently up into his ? " I have no trouble whatever with Verlie," he declared ; " but you, Uldene—what in Heaven's name am I to do with you ?" "Take me away from school,—I know quite enough already," she declared; "and let me throw those old stupid books into the sea. I'd rather read Shakespeare, with such sweet romances as Romeo and Juliet in it, or thrilling adventures, like the Arabian Nights and—" " Hush ! hush !" out it Mark, with a shudder. "You should think more of entering a convent than hungering after the light pleasures of this world." He had remembered suddenly the fatal sentence, that had not occurred to him for long years—" She must never love, for she must never marry." He tried to speak, but the words died away on his lips. " A convent, indeed ! Ha, ha, ha ! This is really too much !" A little hand, white as a lily leaf, had come down suddenly over his mouth, and the saucy, gay young voice thrilled out shrilly in his ear : " Oh ! I can't be a nun ; I won't be a nun; I'm too fond of pleasures, I could never be a nun." " There is no use of talking, Papa Sefton," declared Uldene. " I shall not go to school any more, I warn you, and promise you, I shall run away at the first opportunity. You might as well think of shutting up a skylark in the four walls of a cage as to shut me up in the four walls of a school-room." " What will your mother say to bringing you home in disgrace again, Uldene?" he said, abruptly. " Remember this is the twentieth time ; and now you have exhausted every boarding-school in the State." " Rest assured she has been expecting me," declared Uldene, complacently. " Thirty days is my limit in any school; and as for being in disgrace, that's nothing new. Just think of the old cat ordering us up to our dormitory at eight o'clock, sharp, and every light to be out, and as snug in our beds before the next quarter hour struck, and on All-Hallow Eve at that. I'm not sorry that I put a sleeping portion in madame's tea, and that at midnight every girl in the school crept out to the moonlit lawn. Oh ! we had a rousing time, so what does it matter if I am sent home in disgrace for planning it out and carrying it through ?" " But the rules of the institution should be re pectod and-" " Fiddlesticks !" broke in the incorrigible, wilful beauty. "When one has to live by rule it is time to die. Ah, no ¡ give me freedom-gaiety-life ;" I and she stretched out her beautiful white arms as though she would fain fly away. " What am I to do with this beautiful wild bird ?" honest Mark thought, in puzzled bewilderment too great for words. Mrs. Sefton was quite as distressed and bewil- dered as her husband had been, when Uldene was sent home in disgrace from the last school to which they could possibly send Her. What should be done with her now? All at once her woman's wit came to her rescue. Why not send both the girls to spend Christmas with her old friend Mrs. Chester in Washington ? Mrs. Chester was a Senator's wife ; but for all that the lady was a staunch, true friend of the Seftons. Years ago, brave Mark Sefton had saved her only son, a bright lad of fourteen, from drowning, and the lady owed him a debt of gratitude which she told herself could never be repaid. Mark Sefton well knew—even before he wrote her in reference to the matter—that the girls would be warmly received. In his letter he had frankly re- lated all of Uldene's strange history, requesting that the knowledge that she was not his child should not be divulged to her as yet-not until some plan for her future should be settled; for they were sorely puzzled as to the meaning of those startling words : "She must never love, for she must never marry." Love and marriage seemed only a fitting crown for the girl's bright life. There was great consternation at the light-house when Mrs. Chester's reply was received and its contents were made known to the two girls. Uldene was wild with delight. Verlie sprang from her chair with a low cry and flung her arms around her mother's neck. " We have always been at home on Christmas, mamma", she said. " I do not think the day would be a happy one for me away from you." " I cannot always expect to have you both witth me," Mrs. Sefton answered, laying one hand lovingly on the golden head, the other on the dark one. It is best that you should see a little of the world ; yes only just, your father says." Uldene soon overcame her sister's scruples, pictur- ing to her what life must be like in the great Northern city; and at length Verlie looked forward to the visit with almost as much enthusiasm as Uldene. At last the day rolled around upon which, they were to take their departure. Mark and his wife accompanied them over to the wharf at Rocky Point, and there put them in charge of the captain of the steamer on which they were to make the journey. I As the Northern Queen steamed away from the dock, and the two slim figures, leaning over the rail of the deck waring their handkerchiefs, faded away in the distance, lost in the blue line of the horizon, Nella turned to her husband with a startled cry, " Oh ! Mark !" she sobbed-holding out her arms to the smiling, treacherous sea—" it almost seems as though I had lost my darlings forever—that the great yawning sea had. swallowed them up, and that I shall never behold their faces again !" Were her words prophetic? As the shore line grew dim and indistinct, Verlie sank down into the nearest seat sobbing as though her tender heart would break. " Why, what a simpleton you are, Verlie," cried Uldene, impatiently. "One would think to see you and hear you take on, that it was a hardship to leave that lonely old place. For my part I wish I might never see the horrid old gray light-house again, and never hear the moaning sea dashing against the sands. My heart will break when I have to come back to it." "Oh, Uldene," cried her sister, reproachfully, "how can you say so, when that dear old island home holds all we love on earth—mamma and papa.' " I know," said Uldene ; " still I can't help detest- ing the wild, weird place." " I wonder who will come to the wharf to meet us, Verlie," she went on, hastily changing her con- versation. " You know we are to go by steamer as far as Baltimore only, then take the cars to Washington." " Perhaps Mrs. Chester's son. But no; I had forgotten. He ís off in Europe," replied Verlie. "Mrs. Chester's son!" echoed Uldene, aghast. " Why, I didn't know she had a son." " I think I heard mamma saying that, but the conversation between her and papa broke off abruptly as I entered the room." " Off in Europe ! O, that accounts for our being permitted to come," declared Uldene, with a shrug of her pretty shoulders. " We should never have crossed the threshold of ' Castle Dangerous' if the young man had been at home, for," she added, with a gay laugh, " mamma and papa seem to look upon young men as ogres. I wonder why." Heaven help her ! The dark day came all too soon when she knew why. (To be continued.) 