THE STORYTELLER. A BORROWED HOUSE. (FROM TIME. ) . _. I was living in two rooms not far ironi the .bdgeware-roaa when Silvani Todd met me at the Saville one evening, and took m^Tookhere, William,' he began, 'I am going to Egypt on this cholera commission, and I shall be away for six months at least. Tt vnu like to move into my house while I am away, do so. 'Into your house in Grosvenor-street? I exclaimed. 'Yea. -Why not?' he replied, lightly. ' I will leave chequss for the rent and taxes. You will be doing me a kindness, bait is a tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave the servants alone in the house.' 'But as to rent?' I said dubiously. ' Never mind about that. Or, stay. In place of rent, you can pay the servants' board wages, or find their keep if you please. 'Done with you,' I cried heartily. And a week later I moved into the house in Grosvenor-street, No. 190, and began to make the most of my rise in the world. It was a fair-sized house. On the right of the hall was the dinineroom, spacious and wainscoted with oak, with much sombre furniture, and one large window, which looked upon the Btreet. Behind this was the consulting-room. The window here was overlooked, but a window garden well stocked with ferns, and above it a curious lace blind, secured the needful privacy. I had a distaste, possibly odd, possibly natural, for this room, about which an atmosphere of pain and death seemed to hang. The shrouded microscopes ani gruesome preparations repelled me. The Ions fiat couch made me shudder. I told Gait at once that I should not use that room, and after the first -lny or two I seldom entered it, save to water the ferns with a syringe which hung beside the window. So much for the'house. 1 had been in it about three weeks ; the words, 'Come and see me ; I am living in Grosvenor-street now,' were beginning to lose their first sweetness in the mouth, when, on going out one morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. He had that moment rung the bell. 'Dr. Silvani Todd?' he asked, looking from me to a paper he held. in his hand. ' Are you Dr. Silvani Todd, sir ?' ' No,' I hastened to answer, fearing that he was collecting rates or taxes. 'I am not Dr. Todd. lie is in Egypt— in the Soudan ; right up the country, in fact.' 'Any one living here besides Dr. Silvani Todd?' he asked jerkily, poising a pencil above his list. '.Living here? Well, I am living here, but ? ' ' Christian name, surname, and profession,' he put in bi-iskly. ' A card will insure accuracy ' And he explained that he was a canvasser for a court guide. i had not a card in my pocket, but a vision of 'Charles Williams, Esq., 190 Grosvenor-street, W., and 1 Essex-court, Temple, E.C.,' inspiring me, I went into the diningroom to uet one. My card case was lying on the bureau in the furthest corner, the corner by the window, to reach which I had to cross the floor diagonally. As I turned with* the card in my hand my eyes fell upon a mirror that formed the back of a sideboard by the door. It faced the window ; and from where I stood was at such an angle that I could see the hall and doorway retlected in it, and not the doorway merely. I saw something else, at which I paused a moment. I next went out hurriedly. The canvasser was standing on the mat conning his list. 'Your card, sir? Thank you,' he said. ' The name shall be inserted. May I take your order for a copy ?' 'No,' I replied, brusquely. ' Is that all you want?' ' All this morning, thank yon,' he replied, airily. He was not one whit abashed by my manner or scrutiny. 'Then, good morning.' I held the door open, and only shut it when he had turned the corner. I am a shy man, and his coolness had staggered me. But if I had not seen him, when my back was turned, as he sup posed, in the act of examining my letter-box — not the lock of the door, or the bolts or chain, but the letter-box of nil things — I was a Dutchman. But this was not all. One night something happened which gave me real ground for uneasiness. I had gone to bed early, but I could not sleep, and while I was lying awake I thought I heard a cautious footstep on the stairs. At my door it paused — if it was a footstep — lor I could only hear the creaking of a board at intervals; then it seemed to go lower. 'All fancy!' I said to myself, and turned over. 'AH fancy !' But I was not quite satisfied, and presently, with a hard word for my folly, jumped up, and in my pajamas, just as I was, went out on the landing. I could hear nothing. I crept softly down the stairs in the dark. AH was still. The ticking of the eight-day clock, and the occa sional grating of a window as the breeze rose and fell, were the only sounds inside the house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reached the foot of the stairs, and, satisfied now that 1 had * deceived myself, was turning to go back when my movement broughtthe keyhole of the consulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam of light shot from it into the darkness of the hall. Stepping forward, I flung open the door and stood on my suard. For a second or two I was dazzled by the light, though it pro ceeded only from a single candle on the mantelshelf. No one moved in the room. No one was to be seen. I stepped cautiously in with a smile on my face, and — and jumped, I daresay a couple of feet aside. ' Why, Gait !' I cried the next minute, seeing that it really was the servant, who, alone and half-dressed, was standing by the ?. window. 'What are you doing here? What are you doing up at this time of night?' I cried, imperatively. He did not answer. He was trembling violently. I had given him a great shock, that was clear. He passed one hand across his brow in a stupid way. In tne other he held the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I grasped the position. ' Ijwill tell you what it is ?' I said, taking up the candle, and hold ing it so that its light fell upon his dazed face and distended eyes. 'I will tell you what it is, my man. You have been walking in your sleep i' 'Yes, sir,' he said, humbly. 'I am sorry that I disturbed you, sir.' I made a sign to him to go out first. As I followed I glanced round the room at the strange medley that covered table and mantelpiece, and overflowed on the chairs and brackets. On a shelf above the fireplace was a mummy's head with horrible glass eyes that seemed to be winking at me; and in bottles below it were preparations which Todd had been using to illustrate his physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. ' Ugh !' I said, closing the door with a shudder. Next day I had a bad nervous headache, and was as irritable as could be, so that when Gait as usual crept upon me while I was watering the ferns I lost patience with him and turned sharply. ' Well ?' I exclaimed—' well?' - 'I came to see if you wanted anything, sir.' , Wanted anything, indeed! 'No, nothing,' I retorted. 'And I think, Gait, that you would be far more usefully employed, if instead of following me about the house you were to clean the windows. The one in the diningroom is in a disgraceful state, considering that there are three servants in the house and only one master. ' . ' Very well, sir,' he answered, respectfully. He was not at all put out. And 1, who am shy in my dealings with servunts, and yesterday would, not have dreamed . i rebuking him, felt a glow of pride in my moral couraue. 'I will see tu it, sir,' he added ; 'but Dr.- Todd usually allowed me to have a man to clean the outside.' 'Then get a man. Do it in the usual way. That ia all I want,' i unawered. He absented Hgain, adding something, however, about the difficulty1 of finding a man to help. 1 had this in my raind five minutes later, when a man accosted me qe I crossed Bond-street on my way to chambers. ' Will your honour give me a job of work ? he ! said. I looked at him. -He was not tearful as beggars are. On .tne contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly *'*',?*?'? brelIa 'A job of work?' I answered, glancing «fc '^l f'11^'^ to and varnished hoots. 'Do I look as if 1 had jobs of work to ^^YouThonour looks as if you would give them away if you had !' he answered with ready wit. I laughed. 'Can you clean windows? I asked. ' Clean all your windows, sir, for a shilling I he rapped out. ' Then you would have a bad bargain,' I replied, thinking with pride of my five iloors and bnsement. Here ! you ^ may take this to 190 Grosvenor-street.' And 1 pencilled a few words on a card requesting Gait to let the bearer clean the lower win dows, and to pay him ashillins when lie hud done. For some reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from chambers early that afternoon. 1 hid scarcely taken the latchkey trom the door before I learned that there was a quarrel going torward. Ualt was standing at the consulting-room door, his back to it In front of him was my shabby Irishman, gesti culating wildly, and talking at the top of his voice. As 1 wiped my feet on the mat, Giilt cut him short— ' \ou do not go into this room,' he said ; ' that is enough for you ! . . 'And why not, my honey V' the Irishman was beginning. 'Sure and his honour was saying that I was to clean the win dows, every blessed one of them !' 'He said nothing of the kind,' I interposed sternly as I came forward. ' I did not say that you were to come into the house at all. I said that you were to clean the outside of the windows. How is this, Gait?' The servant muttered something. His assistant gave me the cue by saying—' Faith, your honour does not expect an elegant gentleman's gentleman like him to soil his hands with dirty windows !' 'I expect him to do his work,' I rejoined. 'A little more exercise, and I think you would sleep better at night, Gait It is a wonder to me that you did not break anything in there last night. Now, as you have let this man clean the other windows, he may as well finish the job by doing this room. You can stay with him. Open the door.' But Gait did not stir. He looked at me sullenly. .Dr. Todd is particular about admitting stranger3 to this room, sir,' he said, in a tone that matched his face. 'And to the house, I have no doubt !' I returned, throwing open the door myself. 'Stay!' I added, after glancing round, 'Close the inuer windows over the ferns. Now, he can do no damage.' I saw this arrangement carried out before I left them. Then I went into the front room to write a letter, but was presently roused by the repetition of a loud knock. Gait, I knew,\ must be able to hear it as- well as 1 could myself. I strode into the hall. ' Do you not hear that some one is at the door?1' I said, curtly. He did not move. Instead, he pointed silently to the window cleaner, who was hard at work. 'Nonsense!' I said, 'go to the door at once.' Still a moment's hesitation, and he went. The person at the door kept him some time. Afterward I needed coal in the fr,ont room, and a cup of tea. His scruples had. arisen rather late in the day, 1 thought, and I took a mischievous pleasure in keaping him from his post. At breakfast next morning I was more struck than before by the nervous manner in which he continually started and glanced behind him. ' What is it you are afraid of, Gait?' I said sud denly, thinking to take him by surprise. He began to tell me that he had not been himself of late, when he stopped speaking, and with a low exclamation staggered back from the table. The plate he was holding fell and was shattered on the arm of my chair. The gravy ran over my sleeve. I jumped up in a rage. ' What on earth is the matter with you ?' I cried, very much inclined to take him and shake him. ' I saw a — a face at the window,' he gasped. His own face was white. His lips trembled so that he could scarcely trame his words. A face at the widow ! I had been sitting at a round table close to the window, and when I rose I had done so with my back to the light Now I turned swiftly round, following the direction of his eyes. Looking past me, they were fixed on a corner of the window. But there was no face to be seen. Gait was wiping hid brow with a handkerchief. 'Have j'ou been drinking?' I asked. 'No, sir.' ' Have you ever had delirium ircmemF 'No, sir.' There was no indignation in his answer. 'Umph! I am surprised to hear it,' I said. 'For shame, man I pluck up a spirit. Now go down stairs and compose yourself. You can tell Caroline to bring me up another plate.' When the plate had been brought 1 resumed my breakfast. Really Gait was becoming unbearable. Was he going out of his mind ? Or was it merely that something had unstrung his nerves ? A man must be pretty far gone— further, 1 thought, than could be comfortable ior his neighbours— before he could conjure up faces in broad daylight, and ? What was that ? I was out of my chair in the fifth of a. second, for with the tad o£ my eye, as I reached across the table for the salt, 1 had seen a iace at my elbow— a face glued to the pane, and such a one ! A face white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long upper lip, and flanked by huge earsJ A greedy face, with dull eyes, that glared in upon me. I was not frigntened, but I was startled, lhe face was unexpected, and it was so horribly close to me. It was no wonder tnat I sprang up as I did. Yet the thing was hardly seen— I had Darely turned my full gaze upon it —before it was gone. 'The impudent scoundrel!'-' I cried, when my nrst surprise was o\\-r. 'I will Boon put a atop to that ! -And I ran to the front door, and opening it, looked into the street Near at hand there was no one. In the distance two °« iei? br.ouB»ama were waiting, a butcher's cart was rattling on, halt a dozen people were going this way or that But no one was by the window. Yet this did not greatly astonish me. The houses in Grosvenor- street have projecting porticoes which would hide a fugitive, though his pursuers were but a few yards distant My nrst impulse was to go up the street, hutless as I was, to hunt him out But, after all, he hud done no harm : and I contented myself with vowing vengeance if he should repeat his insolence, and went back to my breakfast. ? 1 hough I could still laugh at the serious way in which Gait had taken it, 1 did not return to my old seat 1 removed my plate bo that I might face the window. And somehow the face haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon a dark ?.orn'» »J?ale image of the fiat features and fishy eyes shaped ltBelt in the gloom. The furniture, too, took queer forms where the firelight fell upon it, and this went bo far that I felt sensibly relieved when I was fairly outside the house. A shrill scream, and the violent closing of a door, cut short my reasoning. I ran out into the hall. The Bervant girl was leaning against the wall under the lamp, her hand pressed to her Bide, her breath coming in gasps. She was on the verge of minting. Luckily her cry had reached other ears, and the cook came flying irom below, while on an upper landing, I, looking about for any cause ot fear, caught a glimpse of Gait's pale fuce peering down at us. 'Goodness, Caroline ! what is the matter now ?' cried the cook. 'Yes, girl ; what is the matter now?' I asked, roughly. I was petting very tired of these excursions and alarms, and was finding ltmortJiind more hurd not to start nnd' glance behind me, as VTfllb UlCl. '1 saw a—a fuce,' she sobbed. . At the window?' 1 naked eagerly. No, sir. Over— over the mantelshelf.' .« rvu mummy *» »ead. Why, you see that every day 1' I cried, inure must have been something else besides that to frighten ' There— there was something else,' she Rasued ~^====5 I 'Lor a mercy 1' exclaimed the cook, lookinTLi,- .» I th?.n^ me', to,Bef^J.iafc \ wa8 nofc leavin« then?8 ^hlnd het and I . 'MVhat else? What else? Whatelse did,™ 8ee»»T I impatiently. ? ''Jousee? I repeated - I But, and it was provoking enough to make aaninf I return violently to his dinner, Caroline wonM«.8weat and ' I though I asked her again and again, andln^he iSS' tay- % I stout, sensible girl. She had leen some hinc Zl A Waa a I head, and that is all she would tell us. I conc?irf J*=8ld?a *e I that she was embroidering the matter, and that nil sh* h a end I was the mummy's head, upon which, perhaps, the f£h?S 8 -en 1 throueh the open door might have fallen with a nlw effLHa88in8 I 1 went buck to my dinner ; but first I took th* i«™ \ I roughly searched the consulting- room: Of course! fo'S «ndJh°- I or nothing that Bhould not have been there. ThenZ fhJn*- I smirked upun me unchanged, save that it looked «. mSy 8 ace V dirty. Yet I searched under the table and in the S mT I Icould not get the. ace I had seen at the window 00^3 I The very features of the parchment mask above me w dl I grotesque likeness to it But this, no doubt, was Snc? fn°Aa I this time 1 was in a condrtion to imagine anything in tt I slightest provocation. b UP°' the I Anything ? No, not quite anything. For surelv thnt »,„ 1 not fancy, could not be fancy. , 'rhafshort qu?ck Lream^h^ I came shooting up the staircase late that night, and though it wS I dulled by my closed door, merceoV my ears, so that I dropped mv I extinguisher and snatched up the candlestick. That was mX I fancy, though no sound followed. It was real, as real i as th* I white startled face I saw peering into the looking- glass a moment 1 ' Hang it all !' I mattered, hastily, as I flung on a dressine- I gown and made for the door, ' I cannot stand this. I shall & I seeing a ghost next Is the house bewitched?' ? I I ran down the stairs, listening as I went There was Bilence I above and below. I reached the lowest flight, and halted I abruptly. From there I could see the halH and raising my candle I above my head peered downward. Ah ! what was it? Who I was it ? Step by step, while my glance darted fearfully this wav I and that, but always returned to the prostrate form at the foot I of the consulting- room door, I came down until I could touch I ' the body. Then I set the candle on the stairs, and stooped orer I it 1 hunk heaven, there was no blood ! It was Gait, and he was I alive. With 'ah effort I turned him over, recoiling an instant as I a clasp knife rolled from his hand. I picked it up and he sighed, I lie had merely fainted, then, and pushing the mat under hia I head, I rose to my feet, my first fears.relieved. ? ? _ I , I looked round. The diningroom door was wide open, that o! I tlie consulting-room was njar. Without taking? up the. candle, I with scarce a moment's thought, I flung the latter open and. I stood: on the threshold looking in; I Held my breath and I shivered, I confess, for I saw what he had seen and Caroline had I seen; but overcoming the first nervous desire to cry out or flee, I I stood looking the thing in the face until all fear was gone. I Truly in the face— for it was a face I saw — a luminous death's I head. ? Eyes, mouth, and nostrils were black caverns in a pale . I lambent .mask. Grim enough it was. But taking into account I its position over the fireplace, a moment's reflection satisfied me I that some one had tricked out the poor mummy's head with I luminous paint, and then had written below it on the fixtures I board, in letters rough, but in the main clear, ' Thief !' ? I Thief! I understood the word, the something else Caroline I had seen ; but not who had written it, or why. Yet it clearly I behoved me to find out this, and I looked about me for any clue. I I fetched the candle, and lighted others ; as I did so the knife in I my hand caught my eye. I opened it. Possibly I had Borne I foolish expectation of finding blood on the blade. Of course I there was nothing of the kind, but in the nick, and also fit the I junction of the steel and haft, were some fragments of a thing I almost as strange in that house— dry earth. We had no garden I at 190, except the window garden at my elbow ; and why should I Gait have been digging in the half-barrowful of earth which it I . held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight I Why, indeed! I brought the candles close to the window, and raising the inner sash, which sometimes was lowered between I the room and the ferns, I scanned the surface of the five or six big stones, and the scanty soil which formed miniature hills I and valleys, and made up our sole garden ground. Surely I was on the track, for on putting aside some fair- sized ferns, I saw signs that the handful of earth against the base of the bigge^ stone had been lately moved, rearranged, and watered. With the knife I dug out the damp mould. 1 was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny cavern in or under the stone became visible. 1 thrust in my hand, and feelin* a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I started at the sight of them! How they flashed and glitcered, and flung back with interest the pale rays of the candle! They were diamonds— rich, rure diamonds, fit to be beauty's purchase money. At the first grasp 1 had taken them all, a necklace, pendant, and bracelets, iney were in their settings, and I was atill guzing at them, dazzled and astounded by their splendour and my discovery, when the Bound of heavy breathing behind me warned me r,o turn, uur eyes met, Gait's and mine. 'Thief!' I said. . , ,. .... 'Give them to me !' he muttered, doggedly, stretching out his a' Nothing of the kind,' I answered, marvelling how fear and greed could have so changed the smooth servant a yiaage.tnat i could scarcely recoeniae it in the savage despair ot the lace before me. I still held his knife, and there was a moment whenl wk glad I had it The man whs a coward, but a coward '» a corner is an awkward thing. I had the kniie, however, and did not quail. 'Nothing of the kind, you thief!' I thundered, -i Bhall be more likely to give you to the police, unless you tell me this moment all the truth.' , Vverv ' The police ! ' He shrank into himself at the words, .^ry symptom of fight left him. He fell with a groan of despair raw a chair, and covered hia face at the very moment that a quiet dus decisive knock at the house door sounded crisply through me He removed his hands. Hia face turned a shade paler. /'You will not go,' he muttered. .. . . nrllvMa ' Most certainly I shall,' I returned, and, deal to his proj er^ I left him, and passing through the hall opened the (Joor.« man stepped quickly in and removed his hat I gave h'» «P doubting look ; then I recognised him. Hewas the man *n« had called ten duys before to canvass for the Court uuiuc And now he began with much the same ^stion be naa P-« me then. ' You are Mr. Williams ?' he suid, with a steady ' Iook -at me. 'I am sorry to drop in at a queer hoar, but buainesa business, and mine is unpleasant.' . , .. n.,«. t hnrl an ' Perhaps you will explain what it is,' I said. But 1 naa u uneasy presentiment of the truth. j«,»»»fivp Mr. And surely enough, he answered— ' I am a aetective, ^ Williams. 1 have been watching your house for the '?'W? » ^ You have the proceedB of a jewellery robbery here; ana Vv 1book duty to warn you '—he took out at this point a tn?f.Khno_iven in and a stumpy pencil— 'that everything you say win db k» evidence against you.' v«« nre force tting ' That I say !' 1 cried. ' Against me ! me ! Yo» «S* W And yourself, man !' For, good heavens ! this was to0.0'3' clasping yet— and yet my right band hidden in my P°ckeLwai,at I grew the jewels— waa full of Btolen property ! No wonder tuas * t, hot all over ! , nt *ii« stump 'Better take it easy, sir,' he replied, the end ot ''^ not pencil in his mouth, and his aly eyes on my mce. d for 1 been looking in at that window yonder a dozen »m«»n|a88 nothing. 1 could see the hall here ahndowed iu t he i ioo J' £ »lant when the room door wus open ; and when 1 saw tmw ' ?*? ' ' Iind —Jim is my pal, who did thnt bit of painting m»l[' S wx when searched the room, too, when he was cleaning tne wu«^ jieop I saw you come down with a light and your man WUA i now, ' upon the floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. « ; . ? 7,/i-j iiriakiv. 'if you will band over the 'stones com forffly and quietly', why, if is likely that it will be better for both ol' y°™* peedin' from the open door of the consulting-room AS ftha S5t wna listening For myself.- anger and per TJftv drew me asunder. I met the detective's canning eyes, End clenched my fist. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned sickwjh t'?™^ with tt sen8ation as of itching very ? »?!n mv right foot, 'You will behave yourself properly po,gnant in my ngn , ^ Thig .g &|1 & ^^^ WSke You know as well as I do that I am no thief.' 'Youhave got the plunder,' he said, becoming grave again. '? Amfvou or your accomplice have had it hidden away some where for the last lortnipht. It will be for you and him to say h°rVnlfc lwfkedmup. the picture of ...wretchedness. V-I found.it in *Iip letter-box with the letters one morning,' he muttered. 'The Inithprv in Bond- street was in the papers the same morning.' The detective nudded sagely. ' I thought ao,' he answered. ' The burglars were surprised and chased. One was taken a tew nwls trum here. We tound nothing upon him, but he owned nn that he hud dropped seme of the plunder through the letter alitof a house a few doors from the place where we took him. I thought it out and spotted this house. And now it will only be a oueation of receiving goods, knowing them to have been stolen. T daresay that if the things are restored at once, and proper evi dence civen at the criul— I daresay,' he added, his head on one side his eyes half shut — ' that no charge would be made.' 'Here is the jewellery,' I replied hastily. ' I only discovered ita nresence in the house a few minutes «go. I am quite willing to tell all that I know about the matter.' 'And your servant?' he answered, his eyes opening wide as he snatched at the jewels, which he pocketed after a hasty scrutiny. The beads of perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. His hands were quivering as if the handcuffs were already on his wrists. I felt for him. He had been an honest man before the strange discovery of that mass of .brilliants in the letter-box had corrupted him. 'I am quite sure that he will tell the truth,' I said. I will answer for his appearance. Do you not think that you could manage matters ?' ' 1 think I coujd,' he answered slowly. 'I think 1 could square it, and do no wrong to any one — for a consideration, sir.' Faugh ! Then these things were done — for a consideration. I hated the business and I hated the man, but the sight of Gait's wretchedness decided me. I made a bargain with the officer. He was to have £20, and to let it be inferred that Gait volun tarily came to him with the stolen property. ' Wait for irie in the hall,' I said, taking a candle irom the table. 'I must fe'tch the money from my bedroom.' I ran up stairs and took four £5-notes from ray letter case ; 1 hurricl down aguin. Gait and the detective were standing together in the hall, looking at one another as ill- coupled dogs look. I set my candle down. 'Here is your money,' I said. ' Now be careful that you fulfil your part of the bargain.' He put the notes in his pocket. ' You will hear no more of it !' he 8a id emphatically, looking me full in the. face with some thing of contemptuous wonder in his eyes. ' You may take your dayy'of that ! And as tor you, my man, make -your mind easy.' Gait muttered his gratitude. I stood shifting my feet, and pondering uneasily' whether I had done a foolish thing or a wise one, while the chief actor in the scene, softly opening the door, passed out into the street. I stopped Gait's effusive thankful ness. I was sick of the matter. ' Go to bed,' I said, brusquely, ' and do not feel too sure that he will keep his word.' But our midnight visitor did- keep it— perhaps I should say he has kept it — to the letter. We have not since that night heard of him, or of the jewels. As day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in the newspapers,, no summons arrived in Grosvenor-street, the truth began to dawn upon me. I made cautious inquiries in Scotland-yard, and learned that two men engaged in the Bond-street robbery had been convicted at the Central Criminal Court, but although they were taken almost in the act, the missing diamonds were not upon them, and had not been recovered. Xo clue, indeed, to the hiding-place of the stones had been obtained, and their disappearance had become a standing police mystery. 'There are more of the gang about,' said the inspector. , ' We have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but we can prove nothing, and we cannot see how the men who were in it could have passed the plunder to them.' lean see very well how it was done — very well, and how any little expenses attending the process were paid, but I am shy and nervous. I blush, it is true, ns I pass a certain goldsmith's shop in Bond-street, but I keep my own counsel. And so does Gait. 