SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Autliot of " Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Tiiuie," 4c. CHAPTER XLII. DARKENED DAYS. This should have been a wedding morning. The earth had donned her fairest bridal robes-the soft snow mantle Raining a touch of gold from the wintry sunlight; olear and cloudlesB shone the pale blue skies; there were diamond; sparkling in the hedge-rows; the vane of the Church spire flashed a distant ray. But it was a black-hued little proces sion that moved slowly through the white, hushed world-out from the straggling vil lage, along the ratted lane, and up to the gate of the churchyard. The neighbours were lingering about the porch; when the tiny coffin had been carried in, they followed and entered the pews; no one seemed to notice that, just before the doer was shut, two women, both dressed in deep mourning, and closely veiled, came in last of all, and took their places rather apart from the rest. They were in the dusk; their heads were bent down; not even Walter Lindsay guessed that the stricken mother was there, come to hear those dreadful words of a last farewell. When the service was over, and the little crowd p&Bted; out again into the sunlight and the snow, these two remained behind for a eccond. " Sabie-dear Sabie-oome home now! You can't bear it; it will kill you !" She did not answer; she only shook her head. But as they went out into the white churchyard she held Janie's arm tight, for she was trembling a little. They took up their station a short distanoe from the others; the bystanders paid no heed to them; all eyes were turned towards the clergymin and the open grave, and the small, small coffin covered with white flowers. It was when they proceeded to lower that tiny coffin into the grave that Janie found her companion was shaking like a leaf, so that she was afraid she would totter and fall; and when the first sprinkling of earth struck with its hollow and ominous sound, the young mother uttered a short and stifled cry, as if a dagger had gone through her heart. Janie had almost to drag her away. " My little boy!"-that was oil she said ; and she spoke no more as they made their way back to the village, far in advance of the others, the two black hgares in that world of white. Arrived there, Janie took her to her own room in the inn. Sabina was purpoeeleBB in a strange kind of way; she Bit down at the window, where Bheconld tee-across the dream-like waste of snow the little Church, and its windows, and the Bpire, and the vane Bending forth its steady. golden ray. Then her bead* fell forward on er hands. A message came for Janie that Sir Anthony Zembra was below, and wanted to see her. ! She went down to the small parlour, ft ever in all this world was there a more suave, and distinguished-looking, and perfectly-ap pointed mourner; as he took off his black kid gloves and put them on the table, so that he might rub his hands because of the cold, and as be took up his position on the hearth rug in front of the fire, he seemed to say that not any one of the trials or duties of life could find him wanting; put the occasion before him-he was there, and equal to it. "I heard that she was with you," he re marked. He had not Been his daughter that morning-not having cared to go within doors. " Yee," Janie answered. "She will stay here until the house is disinfected. My hus band and Mr. Lindsay were goiog up to London immediately the funeral was over, to see about having it done at once." " A most necessary measure," Sir Anthony observed with approval. "It is an impera tive duty that one owes to the rest of the community. And I hope it will be done thoroughly, whether Sabina goeB back to the cottage or not. She herself has always been too recklesB in such matters" " I don't think soat all!" Janie said, rather hotly; who was he that he should criticise Sabina's conduct? " Ah, you joined with her in those foolish enterprises," he said, with a superior air. " My share in them may have been foolish enough-Sabie's never was," said Janie, whose meek eyes were growing indignant. "It's all very well for people who sit in their own homes, surrounded by every selfish luxury, it's all very well for them to talk of foolish ness when any one tries to do a little good in the world. Perhaps you never even took the trouble to go and ase what it was that Sabia was doing ?" ''We will not discuss the question," he said, in hiB grand manner. "If I have offended you, I beg your pardon. I merely wiBhed to express the hope that before my daughter goes back to the cottage the most rigid precautions may be taken to guard against the spread of infection. Temerity in such matters is the worst of folly. It is not bravery; it is criminal heedlessness. And I think that even you cannot deny that Sabina has always Bhown herself far too careless only now she may be warned by the terrible consequences." " But what do you mean ?" Janie said, with her face grown a trifle pale. "That Saoie was careleBB about her boy t-that she was responsible" Janie's words failed her; her indignation was too great. But she pulled herself together. "Have you any thing further to say to me, Sir Anthony?" J she demanded, coldly. " I am going back to Sabie." " I wish to hear what she proposes doing," Sir Anthony said. " That is all." " I don't know," waB Janie's answer. " For it is quite absurd her going baok to live by herself in that cottage," he continued. " 1 suppose that at present it would be use less for me to see her, to discuss the matter with her." " She won't see anybody-she can't, Janie answered. " At all events I should like her to know thiB," Sir Anthony said, " that Lady Zembra is perfectly willing that she should return to her own home-always, of course, on condi tion that she should abandon those pursuits which made that impossible when she used to be in London. Probably she has had I enough of that. In the circumstances, then, and with the condition that I name, we are quite willing she should return to her own home." " As for that/' said Janie (and there waB a touch of scorn in her voice that might have pierced Sir Anthony's complacency, had that not been so entirely gigantic), " as for that, I Sabie will never have to go begging for a home. There are plenty who would be proud to have her-proud and pleased. And I know that if Bbe will come and live with us, neither my husband nor myself will stay to itnpoBe any condition-no-she shall live in any way she pleases-and I can answer for it that her welcome will be none the leBB." " Ah," said Sir Anthony, looking at her as if she were some kind of sentimental maniac. " Well, it is a good thing to have friends. But friendship is apt to get strained if one liveB continually in the same house." " Was it ever so in Kensington-square ?" said Janie, boldly. He did not answer that question. " Common sense," he went on to observe, " would suggest that a single woman in her circumstanceB, should come and live in her own home. At the «ame time, if she prefers her freedom-I mean if she wishes to return to the occupations of those former days-well and good; she will have her allowance as before." Janie interposed quickly,and with a flushed forehead. " Of course, if she comes to live with us, it will be as our guest. That is clearly under stood by all of us." "Oh, then, you have put that proposal before her?" " Yes." " And her answer ?" " It was only a suggestion-we wanted her to know that there was a home awaiting her -and she said nothing definite in reply. And at present it is useless to say anything." "At all events." Sir Anthony said, .'you are of opinion that she should nut continue to live by herself in that cottage? Why, good gracious, she might be murdered in bed; that would be a nice story to get into the papers I" This indeed was an appalling thought that the name of Sir Anthony Zembra might be dragged into the public prints in connec tion with an obsoure and revolting village tragedy 1 " Yes, I want I to get her away from here," said Jeanie, sadly, " but it is no use talking to her at preBent. I wish she was not going back into the cottage at all. I wish she would come away with us this very afternoon, as soon as Phil-my husband, 1 mean-as soon as he comes down from town. That would be the best thing." "Then do you return home this afternoon?" She glanoed at him in surprise; she could hardly understand any human being putting such a question. "Oh, no! How could I do that? How coold I leave Sabie at such a time-alone ? If she would go with us, that would be well; bnt as it is I must remain with her to see what she is going to do." "And when she has decided that, I hope yon will let me know," Sir Anthony said, and he took up hiB gloves. "I DreBume, when these sanitary measures have been carried out there wul be no possibility of a letter conveying infection. Yon might tell my daughter that Lady Zembra would have written to her to express her sympathy, but that she thought it more prudent not to open commnnication with a house in which there was fever. We have got to consult the safety of others, not our own feelicgs," j When be had delivered himself of this wise saying, kir Anthony took up his hat and umbreUa, again asked Janie to commaniaate yrtn him when Sabba had come to a decision, bade her good-by graciously, and Bet oat for the station* fie walked with an air of lofty satisfaction he seemed to think that it was £e who was diffusing that cheerful sunUzht over the wide landscape. Those next few days at Witstead were ter rible. Sabina had wholly given way to a dumb stupor of muery and hopelessness; she was as one walking in the dark, seeing nothing of what was around her, heeding no one. She hardly ever spoke; she had no wild j 8 Si fTmg; there was nothing but this dreadful monotony of unaltered and unutter able grief. Mechanically she went up every morning to the little grave with apoor handful of flowers; sometimes she would go in the afternoon too; and always her dull despair ing thoughts were there. Janie sought in vain to distract her and arouse her. Sometimes she wilfully inflicted f>ain, if bat to break in upon this dangerous liBtlessness. Once she went the length of asking what should be done, when they could go into the house again, with the little boy's toys and playthings. Sabina shivered, but did not answer. Janie went to Walter Lindsay, who was pretty frequently over at Witstead, hurrying on the workmen. "I do everything I can to get her to talk," said Janie, *. and of course Bhe has to settle what she is going to do. But it is very strange. She is keeping something back from me. It is always * Wait a little while, afi iTi you/ I don't understand it at all. Even about the house; it appears it be longs to a Mr. Deane; but she does not know Where he is; and when 1 asked her how she paid the rent, it was the same thing-' Wait a little while, Janie, and 1 will tell you every thing. I cannot talk to you now or to any one. But she thinks it is you who puta the iresb flowers on the little grave every morn ing. Is it J" "No." " Do you know who it is, then ?" He hesitated. " ph» well, if you must know, it is one of the Lulworth girls. I asked her to do it for ne- 1 have them sent down from London, and she takes them up. ion need not say anything about it." I Janie thought she would follow her counsel about that. " Then, what do yon think she is goine to do ?" he asked. "As likely as not she will go baok to the | hospital and become permanent nurse," Janie answered-but this waB merely a guess of her own. It is dreadful to think of the poor, broken, wasted life. You remember what a able used to be in the old days ? Well, last night I was lyingawake, and 1 was wondering I whether it would not be possible for Bome one to take Sabie entirely away from what has happened during these lastyears-to take her away altogether, to some other country, and teach her to forget. And I thought that you were the only one who cared for her enough, and had money to do it as well; and I saw all Borts of pictures of you two-walk-1 fcgal°n« the Promenade Angliia at Nice and Sabie laughing and happy again" He turned very pale, but she did not notice; she was intent upon her wakiag dreams of the previous night. "Yes, and I followed yon to Venice-I was an invisible ghost attending you-and I saw habie feeding the pigeons in the square-and I saw you and her in one of the glass factories overatMurano, and you were drawing her initials on a bit of paper so that the man could copy them and put them on the jug he was moulding for her. I wonder if such a thing ever happens in the world-for people to forget the years of misery they have gone through, and become happy again as they UBed to be J It Beems hard if it is impossible, | However, these were but forecasts of a vague and shadowy future; and in the mean time Janie was soon to be startled by ai definite announcement of Sabina's plana. On the second evening after they had returned to Wayside Cottage-the fumigation and so forth all beine over-these two were seated in the little parlour together, Janie sewing, I babina pretending to read, but more otten with her calm, sad eyes fixed wiBtf ully on the pre before them. At length she took a letter from her pocket. '\A 4* ago I wrote ? , Mr. Foster, down in Buckinghamshire, and this moraine I received his answer." Janie was a little surprised to have heard nothing of this before; and quite simply and naturally she put out her hand to take the letter, for there never had been secrets be however 6 was ^a6'''y withdrawn, "i"?e Suites very kindly," Sabina said, | slowly; and he asks me to go and live with him, though he says it is a dull house; 11 wonder if he thinks it ia gaiety that I should prefer. J breftthleealy, y°U g0iDg?" Janie' rather | " Whll£h?v.e everything settled up here yes- I think it is the besc thing I can do." Oh, Sabie, we shall never see you at all 1" Janie cried. 1 "And don't you think that would be best?" waa the calm answer; she was staring ab sently into the flames. Jajje's eyes grew moist quickly enough. After the friends that you and I have been, Sabie, ,t does seem a little hard that I you Bbould talk in that quiet way about eoine away from us for ever." B | ..j 1 sh?11 ®ot forget," the other said. | And soon after I am there I will write you a long, long letter, to explain a number of things. I ought to tell you the whole story now; but I have not the courage. And I am so tired, she added, wearily, Janie did not understand what this promise I meant; and perhaps paid little attention to «t, for she was bent on opposing this decision ' -it seemed so dreadful that Sabina should withdraw herself into a seclusion so remote from all those who had known her« o 'i-Y?uT'iave 8° many friends in London, habie I It was bad enough your coming down here; but now, when there is no reason in the world why you shouldn't oome and live with us-I wish Phil were here, and he would speak for himself-to think of your coins away down to that place to bury yourself alone, ana brood over all that has happened. Is it wise? Is it reasonable? Surely you should come amongst your friends-I don't mean at this precise moment, but by- aud-by, yhen time has begun to tell a little. We don t ask you to oome to any gaiety. It is a quiet house. You would have your own rooms ; no one should disturb you when you wished to be alone." " For aDswer Sabina took Janie's hand, and patted it ft little. ' " Ton have always been so kind to me-I never could understand why. But I am going down to Buckinghamshire, Janie," she Baid. It was later on that same evening-in the dead silence that was broken only by the click of Janie's needle-that Sabina looked np from her reveries aud said "J snie, there is one thing I muBt do before J leave this place. I must say something to Mr. Lindsay of what I feel towards him for all his goodness to me-his generoug goodness and thoughtlulnesB and kinanesB. lam sure I don't know how I shall Bay it-but I moat try. I cannot go away and leave him to think me ungrateful." " That he never wonld think, nor any other ill of yon, Sabie!" Janie Baid, eagerly. " Bat Barely yoa are right-surely yoa can do no leBs; and a word from yoa would be a great deal to him," she made bold to add. " I suppose you don't know when he will be here again?" was the nest question. " No; l>ut I could sand him a note," said Janie, promptly. " Sou might tell him that 1 waB going away, and that 1 wished to say good-by- it it would be not too much trouble for him to call when he was in the neighbourhood." Janie's nimble brain soon fashioned forth a better scheme than that-though she kept it to herself. Could she not, on the next morn ing, find some pretence for slipping out, and make her way south to Burford Bridge by one of the early train*! A few words with herself would be of greater service than any note ; and vras_ not the occasion urgent? Sabina was going away. She would be beyond the influences she had known; she would forget; uhe would sink into apathy; she was closing the book of her life. But what if, at Buch a juncture-and she was helpleBB, and distraught, and uncertain some sudden appeal were made .to her? It seemed dreadful to think of weddings and wedding-bells, when one had to think, too, of the little grave lying far away there amid the as yet unmelted snow; but, short of that, might not some vague hint be given her that, wherever her footsteps might lead her, there would always remain open for her the refuge of a strongman's love, when time and dis tance had dulled the edge of her cruel Borrows? 