IIEXItT TTAJID DLLCJTER. (Daily Fetos, Olli March.) " It must be a terrible thing," wrote Mr. Bright on one occasion, " to have to read or speak a sermon every week, on the same topic, to the same people- terrible to the speaker, and hardly less so to the beams. I wonder that any man can do it I often doubt if any man has ever done it." The testimony of the late Henry Ward Beecher, ? or that of his congregation, might have relieved Sir. Bright of his doubt. For all the years of his working life Mr. Beecher had to speak a sermon every week, and very often to deliver a lecture in the mean- while. One secret of his success was that he did not speak on the same topic. Nothing earnestness to him, from the oratory of abolitionism, with which he began buccaneer, to the religious log-rolling in favour of a candidate for the presidency, which was one of its closing acts. in the crisis of the last contest, Mr. Cleveland found time to write a pious letter to Mrs. Beecher, and Mr. Beecher took ewe that the letter should find its way into the papers. American churches, though most of them are without the machinery of bull or pastoral, are very much like other churches in their wish to govern the world, They have their own way of doing it, that is all. Mr. Beecher, in fact, touched life at all points and for his own countrymen, he was the great expositor of his time. He was ready for any subject, and he could always say something on it that was at least new. More he did not care to s tempt. He was no organiser, he leaves no system behind him, either in theology or in Church government. His influence, except in so far as it is a personal recollection, ends with, his life. He was a preacher, and nothing but a preacher, and he once excused himself on this ground for his neglect of what we should call parochial work. His gifts did not lie that way ; he was most effective in the pulpit, and therefore, as he conceived, more useful. It was his business to make religion interesting in a certain elevated sense. He preached no creed in particular, hardly so much as a creed of his own. His ties to recognised dogma were of the slenderest. He was not a champion of a system ; he fought for his own hand. In all this he was characteristically American. Every pulpit in the United States stands very much by itself. It may be one of a chain of posts in the spiritual war, but its ministers expects no orders from headquarters, and holds an independent command. It is the competitive system applied to religion. Plymouth Church, with Mr. Beecher in charge of it, was matched against all the other churches for popularity and for results. When he first went there he began a course of laborious preparation for the new work. Before that he had preached to the farmers and the country folk with success ; he had now to make himself entertaining-we use the -word in no offensive sense to the keener witted congregations of town. He succeeded by becoming keener than his hearers. He read largely, par cheekily in current literature, He showed himself as familiar with his newspaper' as with his Bible. His dogma was but a kind of poetised philosophy ; he was "pers man" and modern in the highest degree. His voice came to his Aock, or rather to his audience, only as the voice of their better selves. If they had detected any strangeness in it they might have gone elsewhere, and, for more reasons than one, at preacher in Mr. Beecher's position could not afford to let them go. Many of his sermons read like the Quest table talk of a cultivated lawyer, physician, or merchant who had seen the world. The references and illustrations were of the time, often of the day and hour. He was anecdote, vehement, impassioned at will, but always from a literary rather than an essay ially religious standpoint. Above all, he was emphatically independent. His manner conveyed the impression that he would stand no nonsense, even from St. Paul. AN American preaching, the worst as well as the best, him this general character. The first duty of the preacher is to interest. More f,4^hi m or custom will hardly serve to fill his church. The Sunday services must only 1 vy-by other means, of course, and to other i nds the excitement of the week. One preacher has to make Wall-street listen every seventh day, and he does it. His saying can scarcely be a hard one, or Wall street could not go back with comfort to the war work of the other six. His pulpit methods", it must he confessed, leave much to he dear. d. Messrs. Moody and Sankey exhibit' 'u.((flipr result of the same inexorable law. Mr. Moody's is the familiar method with ci.iljI.uoii peoples Mr Beecher's was the familiar i v'h vi with minds of another cast. You like J over. Moody, or you did not like him, but, }<v,i never found him dull. He could hid fit of by Service, and would have lost it if such id lost the power to strike. His coadjutor I. am just a novel and impressive in his o a .' O', tie chose his hymns and his tu*!1-"* will cue j he led the singing; iris look bad by no means ended when he "had given out "Sy. 33 in the book." This pair were CPrt'dnly like no other pair. Other American preachers have to cultivate the same air of being like nobody but themselves.? Wo- heavcKlately in, these columns of a Rev. Peter Cartwright, now gone to his rest, who formed a new variety a sort of spiritual wild man of the woods. In Lincoln's youth Peter " Cartwright carried the Methodist Evangel to the West it was said, that in his- innocence- of -material refinements - be once shewed his way out of his room in backwoods fashion through the gorgeous furniture of a. New York hotel. It was not true, but he was never obtrusive with his denials It helped to individualise him, and that furthered his work. The hue Father Taylor the "B )slon Bethel Preacher," was a man of very different stamp, but his individuality was equally marked. Of all eminent Americans, we are told, he was the most origin in and inimitable in his genius and style. He was the only speaker, still to quote his pass- typist in a recent Omtitry, that could hold scholars and all heavy, farmers and sailors, under the same spell. " U Lead," he once prayed for an old man, " take him to Heaven if his friend be there but at any rate, and in all events, take him where his friend is!" When the spirit has robed itself in a man, what is there to add? said Emerson, after Taylor's address to the Boston Philosophic Club. According; to Walt Whitman, a great amateur of the spoken word, no pride of composure, nor resistance of intellect, could stand against him for ten minutes. " Never have I heard such impassioned pleading ( is in his prayer s), such human harassing reproach (like LTarulet to his mother in the closet), such probing to the very depths of the latent conscience and remorse which probably lie somewhere in the background of every life, every soul." One of the sailors, a class to which he mostly preached, said quite simply, as he left the church, "That must be the Holy Ghost we read, of in the Tesfanr'nt Taylor was a contemporary of Ward Beecher's father, Lyman Beecher, another pulpit character in his day. His ways and words were not always in the best, taste, but they were his own. There is, perhaps, nothing to imitate in all this, only something to observe. We may be content with our own quieter style, while yet trying to understand how another style has become imperative elsewhere. American preaching is one vast competitive examination with a whole people as the distributor of the awards. The preacher holds his own, as the artist or writer elsewhere, by the sole might of his own gifts, and that obligation tends to make him resemble the writer or the artist, both for good and for ii). 