MOTES OF THE WEER. There is something in the "condition of Ireland" question which would appear to have the effect of paralysing the ruling Government, no matter what its intentions may be; ' Having need every parliamentary resource available to pass.. the Crimes Bill, and having determined In Cabinet to snppreBS the National League, it was natural to expec tation that the Salisbury Government would exert every nerve, and strain every sinew to make the law effioaoious, and suppress the League. Parliament has given full warrant forooercing the disaffected in Ireland, and stamping the National - League out of existence, and the Imperial Government have In their hands the machinery of police and military to suppress outrage Vnd crime. Bat Lord Salisbury , and his colleagues, in spite of the Coercion Act and the ediot againBt the League, Lave done little or nothing ior the. pacification of Ireland, " Moonlighting." murders, and blank de fiance of the fiat i against the Nationalist League are Still amongst the cabled items of Irish news/ and apparently the Government fear to take the hareh step? which ehon'd he the natural aequeliee of their legi« lative measures. The Irish loyalists bitterly coin plain of the snpinees and timidity of the Government in ..dealing with Ireland, and call opon them either to face the difficult position or resign. ThoBe in the outlying portions of the Bmpiie who have watched the stern growth of anti-Irish measures, will woaflat wby it is that hia paralysis sboffid set in, an<d wih consider it strange that Lord Saiishnry does not follow ont his legislative precepts by severe and arbitrary punish meets, such as the law allows. With the passage of the Coercion Act we had a right to expeot the moBt severe measure against Irish rebels ; but, so far, all that is recorded is in favonr of the defiers of the law, who, instead of being treated to short/ sharp, and summary justice, are enabled apparently to mock and gibe at the authorities, and push their defiadoe u to the verge of rebellion." The explanation which the Home Balers give of Government sapineneBS in carrying out their laws is that " There's on ezrbh a muchtugrcfeer thing. Veiled though it be, than Parliament and king,' and that British pnblio opinion is gradually swaying round in favonr of Home Bole and " justice to Ireland." Bat if this be so, the more shame to a section of Irishmen that they should choose the oooaeion to stain history with a farther record of murdess and outrages. Political efforts without nnmber have been made to confederate the colonies, and the newspapers have expended a great deal of sentiment upon the idea of the glorious destiny which awaits an Austral asian dominion ; bat It will, after all, we anticipate, be the practical business folk who will do the most to bring abont real federation. The Federal Council, notwith standing the strenuous efforts required to establish it, is bat the feeble ghost of a federal legislature, and if politicians alone are to be left to compass federation, the day of onion is likely to be far off. The movement for union must spring from unity of business everyday interests rather than from abstract political sentiment, just as the possession of Senth Sea Islands by Australia must be gained by trade instead cf through the medium of the Colonial office. The federation of chambers of manufactures throughout Australia recently effected by delegates to a conference at Adelaide, iB a long step in advance on the way towards federation, and the chairman of that conference deserves credit for the wisdom with whioh he argued that commercial federation must precede politioal anion. He pointed out that a common Custom- houee system was an indis pensable preliminary, to political onion, instancing as a strong example of the trnth of the assertion the case of the German Empire. The States now comprising it were severed by commercial jealousies, religions differences, and the influence of Austria. Yet the Zollyerein, whioh had made these States commercially one, have paved the way for politioal hemogeniefcy. Da ties were oolleated on the frontiers of all the parties to the League, and, after deduc tion of expenses, divided in proportion to population. And the community of interest a Mi feeling thus caused led to the present united Germany. And the same result would be witnessed here if the Australian colonies, instead of legislating against each other as if they were foreign countries, would adopt a general tariff It will be the dnty of federated commercial bodies to remove commercial jealousies and restric tions from the path of politioal progress, and all true believers in the destiny of a federated Australia will therefore welcome with applause the steps taken by Mr. Steinfield and his friends in Adelaide. The medioal gentlemen who fell foul c! Dr, Springthorpe, of Melbourne, npon the ques tion of the etiquette of advertising, have re ceived nothing but " shame and the odd hits." It may be recollected that Dr. Spring thorpe was a candidate for a professional position in connection with the Melbourne Hospital, and, in pursuance of his candida ture, issued a circular to the subscribers to that institution, asking their support at the election. Snoh a thing had been done before, bat for some reason or other certain members of the Medioal Society of Victoria expressed their utter abhorrance and indignation at the branch of professional etiquette Dr. Spring thorpe had committed. Dr. Springthcrpa justified his little bit of canvassing as quite orthodox, and laymen, as a rale, laaghed at the loss made by the Conservative members of the profession, and wondered how ordinarily sensible men oonld magnify each a trifle into a matter of serious Import. Bat to. tbe profession it was the " Great Popkin's Question " of the year, and the ink and Indignation spent npon the -offending electioneering circular were beyond measnre. The pnblic were told to wait and see what the great Panjandrums ofthe Royal College of Physicians, England, would say abont. snoh a great breach in the wall of medioal etiquette 1 And tbe pnblic ranged themselves on sides, many of them, in fall expectation that the Panjandrums aforesaid would completely destroy Dr. Springthorpe for his audacity in daring to open his mooth to the subscribers of the hospital, instead of seeking to win their-votes by "winking in the dark." What is their sorpriBe, however, to find, instead of Dr. Springthorpe being soundly rated by the Royal College for his want of dignity and professional etiquette, ( that the Medical Society are politely asked to explain in the name of common sense what they are driving at in their letter of complaint. The Royal College of Physicians cannot for the life of itmntaQutwby ittas been askeg to pro- nouuoe an opinion , on a, matter which simply is in accordance with the practice of its own members ; and, in referring the subject back to the Medical Society for ex planation, has decidedly aho wn the latter to have been as ignorant of what was due to their profession as they were zealous to emue a brother for no offence. The lesson of the affair to the public is that the pro fession is grae?a?iy recognising that canons of privilege and etiquette are so many shams, and that there is no real reason why a doctor shoald not advertise himself sb thoroughly as any other person who lives by the public. M. de LEgsEPs's second great enterprise— If we omit his marriage cf a young wife after he bad accomplished the allotted "span" of life— is the construction of the Panama Canal, whioh he assures the world will be navigable ia three years' time, although the widening and deepening of the channel will remain to be done after the canal is open to navigation. The enterprise is one of great importance to Australia. Originally intended to avoid tbe long and difficult navigation around Cape Horn, whioh is such an obstacle to tL® commercial progress of the Pacific coasts of North and South America, the new mari time highway will be found to f alfil an ven greater purpose than that of bringing the Pacifio seaboard of Ame rica into closer relation with Europe, viz., in famishing a new highway for Australasian commerce. The opening of the canal is therefore of great importance to these colonies, and we shall a second time have reason to hold the name of M. de Lesseps in high hononr. De Lssseps is indeed a re markable man. In spite of the most gloomy prognostications of failure and disaster, he has never wavered or shown the slightest want of confidence in this great work of peace and progress. He is supported by a will, whioh is indomitable, and his intellect, whioh is uncommonly clear and farseeing. How many people, and those among the moat eminent, formerly treated the Suez Ganal as an impracticable enter prise 1 " To create a harbour in the Gall of Pelasiam, to cross the morasses of the L ike of Menzaleh and to mount the threshold or Ei Guisr, to dig through the sands of the desert, to establish workshops at a distance of twenty-five leagues from any village, in a . country without inhabitants, without water, without roads ; to fill the bafcin of the Bitter Lakes ; to prevent the sands from encroaching on tbe oanal— wha: a dream of madness it ail was !" wrote De Lssseps in 1879. . And he added, " all thiB, nevertheless, has been accomplished, and I know at the cost offthat efforts it has been done. I do not hesitate to declare that the Panama Canal will be. easier to begin, to finish, and to maintain, than the canal of Suez." Da Lsssep's faith is of the modem kind that moves mountains, and in its vocabulary has "no such word as fail." An Australian monument to the great Freuoh engineer will in all probability be one of the events of 1890. 