Wednesday, 5th October. Alterations made in school books. : Mr, BALFOUR moved — 44 That there be l 4doa the tattle of this Hou$e a refcuro showing tne aiceracioaB made ia the new (1887) edition o Nelson's Rjjal Reader;' suob return to 5 exhibit ia parallel coktmas ibe excised portions . 9Akd the new matter la moving' the reaolu- t$oa, Mr. Balfour desired it to be cistioctiy nadsratood that be did not question the value o' the passages which had been incorporated. Ho tbocght, however, it was very strange that the passages expunged to make room for them we're those referring to Christianity. He . bad no objection to the new passages, those in ... f he ixth book being very good, referring to the . : flora and fauna of . Australia, geographical. . inon-, -etc. He did object, however, to the ex sis ions made in orrir to afford room for these new isons. The new lessons coo Id < OiStiy have bem iaco;parased in the bjoks they -sioort without addqai' undcny to tufeir -size, 1% Jtewsver, « mi excisions were neces-saty, oiinsrs of a les? distinct we r character shou'd have been made. The t'rporgatioaB. mifle would not only in- fl:CtT serious u jury, in re-p-ci to ther :«$5at8-8choole, . bat to the whole system «»f education in the cslo -j, as the new revised bjoks would toon be the only on>s obtaanab'e" To fcis personal kbowtetfge the ho >ka which bad, b-en altered at the in stance of this late Mr. Ramsay were used private schools and ooilegfs, and it waB t»t nntil the attention of the prinoipala had been drawn to the fact that they were aware of it. The boys in that establishment had actually been using two classes of book — the old and the new. Book- BeUers would not keep up their stocks of the old bocks. To alter those used by the State- echools virtually infant the alteration of to nge .used "over ihs colony. < Ho ab?ol ved > theyMinister of having any sympathy ?4sthi!the alterations made, , auj - probably be knew notbing, bstojpjiaud of .their character. The v inepectdjMrp? vjprpbably askatf to makft f.;room for <t|ii4|0>tter, but is was not known wh o was rerflf y respo usibte. He. would like ' o Jnow. Waste very sinzularciroamstenct1 th»t tbe exciaions frotn the books were all of ; one cla8, ahC' inalo upon the »&ine; lines 1 fol'owad by Mr. Ramsay, and which were not approved of ,b? S4vics cr Mr Pearson. M<\ FITZGERALD : The Act gave the Minister power to do so. Mr .BALFOUR: The MMste? took the feoais.-i be did ten his own respon sibility. If the -excisions were parpjstly made of one class, then someone wae to bia<ne, i He-bad read avery isuerestiog .essay, 11 The Naw Providence," written by one of. the m>st celebrated : lodeceudent ministers alive (the Rev. . Joseph Packer,. D.O., . of the C«ry Temple), in which be described a city staring upon an wiitirely new basis, ja which all. relating to Cod or religion ' teasrione away wp.h- He'vaidin tb»»t-<Meay live, near a town where no Cod is ac- " khowle iged, and whe-', therefore, the popJe have undertake, to r Jo everything for them- Strives, foe town is a very quaint one, .as. old ;';iaathe JLS-h century, and- haying. . nothio- imp abon ic »?ut toe new providence, , or every man hi a oa deuyv ... . .-The old cburch Jjas >)6U turned into, a railway station, , the M..?t »o.-urt cbap d in o a police-office, aod the Giber ch pel iuto a oo -operative stare. Parsons there, are a «e ; Sa-«days there are nom ; Bihs there are no na. There is no mist -ke about this matter ; this is an ou' -and-out case- nf the new providence, in which we -'her. "harvest, catHe plague,: life and , death are < in «? aged by hnmaa will and hnm-ushands. aloua. . . Now, said the mayor (xlwWys the ardeiit leader of the atheists), 'mute; have do half-and-half work ; we t must cu deep, and spare "not, tdwjivK rrmetnbsting the gHod oM saying that ' we I bgun is h»lf done,' So places of worship .. .wfina, disc: ns -cratod ; Bil lys, bymn-books, and vo'umw of diviuhy wo-e burned in the market place ; ood was e en >mbl;-et ; beds were o»>ugiit without prayetAi b- tag ssi.l ; t birth <tinis < : no . thanksgiving, at mkrriare ; -»« bepJtiiicw m; . ot death inn h nt ut resurrection. Bti tbe religious ilpyi \- bad i?ot into other tarms, <a«d pUoaa, and t .;»e-r rofced out T >e -jStilfShm%n uad to . burn Miltot-, fo| the'Cpd :of ? vhe beavtpsi jicltSjOWltdgfti by i both. - Toe Be :-giy e up ; Burns, aitfjiirhe lri mn nnd the Wje4»0man -bid to 'give, .up :Bardid 'Strain, for fC.-iS1; bm&Mnx; " I h -d W He f orn divn ?d< bmKied i And : music tMkdTto he viwsackisif < dhpfoted, and < i;he M-seiaH,' " j0r»troiii4 FUjt>b, ' and all ithe wfochjjb(&ag;,.jp re diSstictothe ' letters of set in -aA-;:fo;A»w lettere in .v which love--- J a ohi'd of heaven, in whicBt-»nd||s prlqped for graadhtrtllvoE, fo hiclviJfetHorfl grayed for wan' 'erste. and ? a? which i frico d prayed that th irfeig dried trip wben be ' ' pi'g r.m'V ;!pW>fi — aU-Hsliy? -riorn .ffpm : ;tfcoir. ;h»dfov.::".Hd»c « ibe bahaej had seep be last inch of white paper fall into the hot pit, said the work wae well done, and now the town would be its own heaven, aud tha people their own gods. . Bnt oue thing had been for- gotten. , S > masons were sent to the cemetery to cut cut all epitaphs tainted with religion. Away the sacred words were hewn, I am the resurrection and the lite,' ' B.esaea are the dead that die in the Lord ; away they went, c -ambled into disregarded dust. » . . Now, said the mayor (and the aldermen said the same) we are nearer perfection than ever; there is a white fctieik in the east, and the morning o? Liberty dawns. But that very day the old religious diffical:y re-appeared, for a new ulderm&n; had to be sworn is, and had to say, So help me Cod.' It was art ansed that the words should mean nothing— that when the alderm m eaid 'Gcd,' he ah aid look significantly towards the mayor, and so pass ou Thus the new pro vidence was openly installed, and the two beciuia an ir religions island around- which fl»wed the pa rid water of non-alheiem. separating it from the continents of religious civilisation. Still, the rain came whon ic was not wanted, sill the young died before their timQ, e: ill the delirious song of man-worship was stopped by bad bat vests, still the force of human will was broken by influences without figure or name, ghosts without colour, spectres without shape, Weird things to be damned if they could be tp-.-ken to, and to be burned if they could be got hold of. The mayor, whose chief enjoyment seemed to b< iu u ttrly destroying all traces of roligiou impression, e>id there was an Achaa in the oimp, and until he was discovered progiess was impossible. . . . The secret wae dis covered. It was found that the work of de molition at the cemetery had not been thoroughly done, for on one stone were left the words, 4 Of such is the Kingdom of Heavem.' That was tbe Ach&n;, To inflict upon that Achaa the most ignominious punishment, the parent of tbe child was himself ordeied to cub out the epitaph with his own bauds, and he did it— did it thoroughly. . . . Still tbe cemetery remained. Every week soma new grave was dag, or some old grave opened. Tbe mayor was p -weriess, and the aldermen were dumb; tbe inhabitants were troubled. . . . There must atiil be an Acban in tbe town. . . An Lngtb it was discovered. The man who had cut ouvrbe chili's epitaph died, and bidden amongst biB things most prized was the panel he had cleanly out out of tbe gr&vss; nue, be aring the words 'Of such is the Kingdom of Heaveu.' Ic was broken wiih a hammer, it was ground into dust, the dust was buraed, and the ahee. were scattered ou the river, aud so the old town had momentary rest " Having read these extracts, Mr. Balfour said the essay proceeded tq deccnbe .how the town goo i in uad to grow, io-o a more deplor able condition, and the people bad to come back to a proper reoogmtwo of region. It wo ifd seem that the Education Department was trying to do with regard to Christianity as had ben nairat-er! ia tbe e«>iy roBpauting the New Providence, but the effort would end in the same manner. To carry that kind of thing out thoroughly they should strike from tbe new school books the mention of tbe year 1877, which denoted the Christian i-ro, and should place on tbe books the era of the city, or the world, to be consistent, i Mr. ThobnIiBY «aoonded the motion. Mr. CU I'HBERT said he had listened to the remarks of the mover with great interest. He bad no objection to tbe motion if modified t by the omission of the words of the seoond sentence commencing with ' such return," aa without that omission a great deal of un- mcfssnry expense and trouble would be in curred. Seeing that the new matter im . ported into the school-books was entirely different to, aud had no connection with, tbe old matter expunged, nothing would be gained by placing both in parallel columns. He (Mr. Cuthbert) felt assured that the altera- tioufl had never bsen snbmitted to the Minister — (her, hear) — an! that he, had never, sanctioned what had bean done. Tbe in Forma- c-ioa de'red co««M easily oe ob;aioeC. Mr. BALFOUR con-eoted to amend hie motion by eiriaing oat tbe words 14 in parallel columns," and iu that form the motion was agreed to. controverted elections law amendment bill. Dr. GEARN moved tbe second reading o? the Controverted Elections (Canned) Law Amendment Bill. In d »iog so he eta ed tba the Bill had been before tbe House on a previous occasion, but had, in due course, been consigned to the waete»paper ba«keT of ibe A<weaib'v, I4! was copied from a r -ceoUy paased Euglish Act. He aleo explained the pre visions of the Bill. Mr. Balfour seconded the motion. A "'tor some ciscassion as to the vdvieability of leaving the questions "Of elections in the hands of committees of the House, or referring tbem 'O jadgAs, as being more competent to denl with fiifficnli) points. Tbe House divided on the motion, which wa<? Agreed to. . the voting being — Ayes, 13; noes, 7. The BUI was- then committed and at toi stage its Jnrtber consideration w.is, on the motion-of Dr. Heabn, poctpone1 for a we k. neglected children law amendment bill. The Neglected Children Law Amendment Bill w s farther considered in commit fee. Clause 9 — 44 Appointment of secretary," was postponed. Clauses 10, 12, and 14 to 17 were pa <«ed, and Clauses lland 13 postponed. Progress was then reported. ADJOURNMENT. At twelve minutes to 10 o'c'ock the Houeq a'jonrned until the following Tuesday, at half-past 4 o'clock p,m. 