In Search of a Wife. O~IAPTER XXVI.-(Contimiwd.) What made her, then, so uneasy about Marargarlet? What made her think that Margaret was opposed to tho wedding? She had never let fall a word which could in any way justify the thoughts which now crowded upon the widow's mind. Somehow, this par~ticular evening, though, Mrs. Mog gOridge began to be more anxious for Margaret's good opinion than she had ever been ; and she felt that she could not retire to rest without speaking to her. '.Agnes,3 she said, 'I can undress myself now without your help. Go to Miss Saxon's room, and ask her to .be0 Idnd enough to come here and see me.' The servant departed upon her errand. Presently, though, she re turned, looking rather bewildered and a little frightened. 'Oh, if you please, ma'am-oh, if you please---' '·?Vhat is the matter, Agnes ??:: : '~Miss Saxon is not in her room, and I can't find her anywhere. I have been all over the house.' 'Why, what do you mean; girl ? She must be somewhere ?.,., What can have become of her, I should like :to Imow ? . She said good night to me as usual after supper. Pack of rubbish ! Go and look for her again. . Agnes again left the room, and a few minutes afterwards again re turned. 'She isn't there,' ma'am, and she isn't in the house, I'm certain s9re; and, oh, dear!- I'm so frightened! And, if you please; ma'am, the stieet door was standing open, and p'r'aps there is thieves in the house.' Mrs. Moggeridge rose to her feet and hastily wrapped herself in her dressing-gown, which she haid a 'moment before taken 'off. She felt very much alarmed, though scarcely knowing why. However, not wish ing to increase the servant's terror, *phich, as it was, had rendered hIer quite silly and useless, 'Mrs. Mogge ridge pooh-pooked the notion of tbioves, and proceeded at once to Margare~t's room, to see whether she could herself obtain any clue to the cause.: of 'this mysterious disappear ance. The aspect df Maargaret's room was anything but satisfactory. The bonnet and shawl which she usiually wore had been takenc away. Some dawers, where she kept her clothes, had evidently been emptied; and a trunk seemed, by its weight, to have beeon packed by their 'contents. One thought only occurred to Mrs. Moggoridge. Margaret had left the house never to return again-for what motive she could not imagine. Upon the 'table, though, a folded paper caught her eoye. It was a letter from Margaret. She olpened-it, and road: S?Y OWN.DEAn, GOOD FnIEi,--. SForgiv?e me-I am a wretch ! You \--will be unable to guess the cause of nrmy flight. You will think very badly of me, but I cannot help it. This is not the place--oeven had I the courage -to explain the motives which caused me to takeo this step. When you are married-when you return again to London-you will hear. from me pLerhaps you will see me. Then I will tell you all. ,God bless you,Imy dear,, good friend! May you be happy with your husband! May you live manuy, ;anny happy years together'! May you live to forgiye me, 'Your loving friend; , '•MA.nAn?T.' The letter fell from MIrs. Mogge ridge's hand. VWhit coild it imean ? why had she fled thus,. and at this moment ? She endeavoured in a:hundred wa'ys to iccbunt for it, but always unsuc c c?s fully ;' and at last, ivirearied bycoi jectures, and doubt, anndlnxiety upon this, the evo'bof her greoit 'halppiess, she went to bed, and cried herself to sleep. But before going to bed, she went down-stairs to examine the street-door, a.d to :soo if it was safely looled up for the night.. She also looked in.a closet, in her bedroom, to see that a box, which contained her plate, and which she had that very day brought from her banker's, to be used at the wedding-breakfldast the next day, was quite safe. ' Yes, there it was, locked and sealed, and she felt more satisfied. She had no idea of thieves,, either; the notion had only come into her head owing to its reiteration by Miss Agnes, whose mind somehow. seemed to r~un upon burglary. ' ' Thor .lady's-maid' had .'no.. strong reason, perhalps, for froearing house breakers. What oreason could: she · i', , , have ? Could it have been because thatmhoming, when the chest contain-' ing ithe plate arrived at Mrs. Mlogge Eidge's house, our old friend, Monsieur Bobineit, chancod by some o'oxtraordi niitryhnzaid tdtbe passing by the very door, recognisodMiss Agnes, claimed acquaintance with her, inquired about thllq box an'd the wedding,.and got I doe't know how mnany particulars out of the too confidingyoung young creature whom heeaddressed, before she could miake up her mind to toll him, that she wouldn't havo anything more to say to himi, and to advise him to"taoli himself off, 6igndgo 'abdout his busiilfs. How wore o "way the night? Did people start out of their? sleep, fancy ing' they heard a scream, and listen with blanched cheek andbated breath, to' hear it echoed again, then turn round with a shiver and nestle beneath the clothes, sooking protection under the warm: covering, , and deriving a sense of unspeakable security and comfort from the contact of the well tucked-in blanket at.their backs ? W,?as.:there, in reality," a scream? and did the palo' moon, peeping out from behind fast-drifting clouds, look down, in silent fright, on murder ? Was it', iii eality, i scream that the cdroiisy policeman, slouching heavily rouncd tthe .corner of Mecklenburgh Squiard, believing that- he had heard; caused him to stare up at the 'black faces of the gloonmy- genteel mansions around, and wonder, hazily and half asleep, what could be 'up ,?' Everything without loolied quiet enough, safe enough, secure enough. If there had been a scream it was not repeated. If within onio of the houses there, at that moment, raged a deadly strife-if a panting, breathless woman, desperate With despair, fran tic .with . terror,,. struggled, . with lascerated lbleeding hands, clinging madly-to her murdrerer's arms, andtry ing vainlJy tostave off.tho oft-repeated savage blows which showered from the assassin's knife, and under which, at lasl, she sank down in a perfect river of blood, covered by twenty wounds, and stabbed to death,-no sign of all thesd horrors were visible without; and the worthy' guardian of the.peace plodded past, in his heavy boots, within call-almost within hearing-of the stifled screams and groans of the butchered woman, and carried 'help and 'hope round the corner towards the Founding Hosplital. It was iot unitil the next morning that the truth was known. None of the servants liad heard the shriek--lf shriek theire'.had 'been.. jNobbdy within the hduse had been disturibed by any- unusual noise.: The. street-: door was found unfastened. The door. of M.rs. M`oggeridge's" rodi was locked, arid no reply came to the loud and frequent tapping at .it from the frightened Agries's knuckles. And then, an awful terror taking possession of the household, help was sent for, .and a forcible entrance made into:the lady's'bedchamber. But not before four bloody finger-marks had been discovered upon the wall, and a red foot-mark on the drugget of the stairs, which almost prepared them for the sight awaiting them within. LMrs. Mfoggeridge had 'been brutally and foully murdered, and the box which had contained the. plate was broken open and emptied. ..The'bell ropes were found to have' be'on out Off short. She had probably struggled desperately, and. fought: with the assassin as long as .she had any strength remaining andlhe had, per haps held his hand uponi her mouth to stay her screams. How strangely, hpw horribly the preparations for thbe iniqest .jarred with those for the wedding breakfast, which should have bden, 'but never was! . . .: ! ' : The pastrycook's :men, bringing dishes for the feast, rubbed elbows w-ith the policemen and .doctors who came to examine the body and to make arrangements fori thi coming inquest; and the two detective officers, who looked. in about noon, and in a mechanical and inventory taking sort of fashion, took stock of all there was to take .stock of ;-among the other things, a large dagger-knife that they. found lying upon the floor of the room where the murder had been comniitted, and which they took away with them. to the. polico-station-not, however, 'before -'showing .it .to M:iss Agnes. ' 'It's it curious kind of tool, is this, said Inspector Butoket to his friend lIisjiector F.; ' add nmight belong to a foreigner, if it don t -belopng to an Englishman who'bbught it m ireign. parts.' , o·l;: oh' j pariss Agnes al beo so.0horriiy the first glimpse of,the murderous weapon, that she had not had courage to look at 'it again;: bit when 'she heard the word ' foroigner,' she looked with dread and terror riisuxiini"hor 'heart. ' Why, as I hopeo to be b:saved, that kidfe belongs to Boliiiet !' . • Who's Bobinet ?', said a'2lnspect6r Bucket, ,winking at.Inspector lF. : ' "Ah', to be sure ! said Inspector F.; 'hoow aboiit'this here Bobinot ?' Arrxn LotG YEInfi5 SAsn so you really mean to say that it is you, aid not'yobur ghost ?I' : Mr. A:dams, ex- boots of ani hotel ini Covent Gaidild, wias ssjdakingo anid the person addessed?was M?r. Christoplier, ox-serving-man to..lMs, Mo.?ggeridge, deceased.. , : 'It's me, sir,' reoplied Mr. Chris toph'ei.; it's me, sir, i the flesh. 'There's no mistake about the flesh, said 'Mr. Adams, approvingly. 'You're looking hearty, sir; and lthat there suitis most becoming. Who hro you with now, if it's-not' aliberty ?' 'I'im with Lorid Albany.' . ' .''Still?' 'Yos; he's a very tidysort, although a little bit eccentricd, pi'r'aps. But, bless, you, he's quieted down tremean dous' since that awful thinig' tliihat ha.pponed in our famnily-i mean about the poor widow.' ' It seems to me quite wonderful i6w things do come about. To think that I should have tooksuch an interest in him when he was stopping at the hotel, and thon I should find out you, of all the peoplel in the world, was a living with him! :"I" shallnever'forgeot that affair. What Ia start it' was, to be sure ! And.the old Marquis ?-I never heard the rights of it-did Albany hill him ?' 'No, he never touched.him.' The Maiquis "'riiged his loidship . oni"the contrary. But it enas the old man's coming out s~o ,bloodthirsty, before he got ver the wound that wretch of a Bobinet gave, him,,that throw.him on to his death-bed:. Well, anyhow, I don't suppose the old chap, was much missed. He'was an aw-ful rip, and it was a good riddance, perhaps.' 'I'm'solry I didn't see Bobinet hanged; I meant to have gone, but 'I overslept myself thdt morning.' 'He was a horrid miscreant; and it makes my blood run cold to think of him. , And,:do you ]rnow, hehad once the imperence to make up to Agneos Imean to Mrs. Ohristqopher?' 'What!. to your good lady ? You don't mean it.?' 'I do, though, 'pon honour !' SWhat a providential escape!' 'For her.' 'And if things hadn't turned out different, she might never have been MIrs. Christopher at all, oh, sir ?' 'No, Mr. Adams,' replied Mr. Christopher-and he looked pensively into the depths of a quart pot for the next five minutes. ' Heigho!' 'And the Marquis's family-what's come to them, do you know ?' asked his companion, breaking an awkward silence. ' Gone to the bad, sir, replied Mr. Christopher. 'The old man died not worth a brass button, and every stick belonging to him was seized and sold up. Lady Beatrix bolted with that Russian chap-the Prince of something orother, he called himself-who turned out to be a pal of Bobinet's, and I don't know what. All but a swindler, anyway. And Lad5r Laura's took to the theatre as you know.' 'Her mother was an actress before her, wasn't she ?' ' Yes, she was the alebrated Miss Brass, Lord bless you ! almost every body romembers:her.' 'It was a good idea, though, coming out on the boards, wasn't it? She's a fine woman, and a splendid figure. I saw hdr the other- night in the new burlesqueo. Have 'yo seen .her ? She's no end, I can toll you. I've a gdod .mind to wait round the stage door some evening, and renew. the acquaintance. She'd- 'recollect me, I'll be bound. Sheb owes me a 'trifle'; but; of course, 'now the family's down on their luck, I shouldni't act so un gentlemanly as to allude to it.' i That that little matter of the five shilling piece was still rankling in his mind was very evident. S'It's wonderful how things do come •about. Lord Albany was as near as possible maryi3ng her at one time, and then he was going. to marry the' widow. He was well out of that affair, I think; particularly as he. came int'o all ler fortune.' ' Is he thinkling of getting married now, do you know?' .: ' Well, there is only one person in the world that my lord would marry; aid, ontres noes, Mr. Adams, I don't think she would have him.'. ,. ' Wouldn't:' she now,' Mr. Chris toplier? I should have thought :she would, seeing how rich he is, and hoa.' uncommon scarce young lords is in. the niarket. She must be very nice.!' .' She is - very n.ice !'" replied" .Mir." Christopher, with wTarm'n h,' althouigh of humble: origi. She was the dauighter of a clerk, or something of that sort, I beliehve; and her father in-law's that dreadful old sweep, 'Ariy Sloper, `hib uised to sing itl. the ' Dust Bin."'' ' He's gonel to 'the bad to, Ibelieve. Lor', how' nany people runs off the rails, don't they ?' 'He wt' aa ward in Chancery, you know, "and always thought that he was going to be a man of property some day or other, only the estate was eaten up. by.the lawyers before it canie to him. .He's dead, I think,' and the ·old lad3, too. Ho .used to treat her' shameful.' :'Well; then, the daughter can't have much.' ' She has, though; for she was the heiress of :'an old fello~~ her unhcle, I think it was-iwho died ' in- foreign parts.' His administrators advertised for hort I believe, arivea founiid- her nearly staiving in sonie miserable bit of a room in.the Brough,: 'teachniig music, I think.' ' And so his ltordship wants to marry heri?' 1' ' ' He s -ldoved liei'oi': ev~y so ;'many years, I.believe, and proposed to her1 befotdo heo proposed to Mrs;.,. Mog-" geridge, only she wouldn't. cut out her :friend, 'the widow. :I: think lthat ans the reason.'e ' " •'' SBuit now the?viddio v's dead : hJ" ,don't she hai;e him.. A. . , Mr. Adams,:there's no reading the sex;.they're a dead letter, some of 'erna: Even] Mrs C- if I had kmn6wn oncerwhat I kIbw novw .. Bi't I miist Wish you good morining M' lordi? niild mie is going .to Paris to-night, and I've nabit of packling to do. I'll wislih you a good morning, sir: " Pray give my kind regards to all your'people.' ' S' And mine to yoir good ocladyl ' 'Thank youi n It wais at lini-sonie 'at the Opertathat .Albany and Margaret' met after an interval of neatrly four years. She was in'a, box' .upon the grand tieri::, and ialoi He saIw liher from the Istalls, ai.id went upstaiis, to speak ti;o her.a -;- . , - The3y met coldly enough to all appearance,:: although-: her hand Strembled as it rested ,in his,. and there was a faint tremnior in his voice. .. , :, /i ::,.',.'?: ,. "?' .'" , Tho stago was darkened-the tenor's voice, melodiously plaintive, thrilled thlrough the house, vibrating almost painfully in the listener's hearts, while a hundred geontlo bosoms heaved half unconsciously with tearful sympathy. 'Dear Magagaret !' Albany whispered in the dark corner, whero they sat motionless, her hand lying white, and cold, and passive on the crimson cushion-his, burning hot, upon. - 'I love you as I have always and you ?-why should we pl cross purposes? Can you me? Can you love me? Wi be my wife?' . moment, he said, 'You are p happior as you are, Margarot. perhaps a foolish dream of min my life has been a dream, it se me ! I.havo ever actod a inad part-struggling against my feeolings-flying in the face of re But:pardon me-I will nover pa more by my presence.' ' Stay !' SAs he rose to leave the bo called him back. In another m he was at her feet. .i. .5 Oh, Margarot, if younthink th devotion of my lifo can make happy----' 'I have never been happy,' garet answered, .sadly. '?l sc e y believe that there exists any happiness upon earth upon which there comes not afterwards so much pain, sorrow and regret, it were almost preferable never to have known the brief moments of joy preceding them!' A few.months later this announce ment appeared in the Times: 'On Thursday, the 18th instant, at St. James's Church, Piccadilly, by the IHon. and Rev. John Parrissey, rector of Fatlands, assisted by the Rev. Abraham Scribe, Arthur Clavering, Lord Albany, to Margaret; only daughter of the late Richard Saxon, of London, Esquire.' TILE END. 