THE STORYTELLER. PHANTOM APPLAUSE. BT M. E. Well, il1 must tell a ghost story, I suppose I must But it shall be a real one-my own only experience in that line. You remember where we lived in Cannon-street. We had been living there in a cottage-or villa resi dence, as our landlord insisted on calling it for over seven years, and, indeed, were be cinning to have some vague thoughts of dying there-not immediately, of course, but some day or other-when one fine morning we found that it had been sold 41 over our heads," as the phrase goes ; and we soon made the further discovery that our new landlord was a nipper-I say it advisedly, a nipper of the most nippery kind. I don't care for land lords of any description, but I particularly detest landlords who are nippers. I felt that we wouldn't get on well with the new man; and wc didn t. I don't allude to that affair about the scullery window, nor yet to the correspond ence about the drains, nor even to bis con duct- liis " ungentlemanly conduct," as Emmy (Emmy's my wife) very mildly called it-in connection with the creepeia on the veran dah-posts. But there was a general feeling o£ incompatibility of temper, or what ib com monly known as " bad blood, between him and us, which I knew must end in a row. So when he raised the rent 25 per cent., and told ns we might go if we didn't like it, I was rather relieved than otherwise, and we promptly gave him notice that we would B°When he found that we were prepared to leave he went on the other tack, and wanted to keep UB whether we would or no. .Indeed, we would have had more trouble with him, only I hinted that my great-great-grandfather had been Irish and baa once shot a landlord for less than that. Then he, let as go-in fact, seemed to be glad to get rid of as. Perhaps I may as well mention here that, after we left, 1 received a letter from him in which he ca.led my attention to the fact that there were " fifty- three nail-holes, some great end some small, in the drawing-room wall," and requested me to return and fill them UPI dkln't return; and I fear that those nail holes are still unfilled-I know that the house is still untenanted, and I must confess that I have a quiet chuckle when I pass that cottage, and see the boards of those well known auctioneers, Messrs. Bacon and Co., hung out from tfhe outer walls, announcing, "These premises to let" This is wrong, I suppose, but not unnatural. However, all this has nothing to do with my story-directly, at least Indirectly, of course, it has, as we were thereby led to look for and find another house. And with that other house my story has to do. I won't take you through all the horrors of house-hunting. You have gone through them in real life, or you will. That is enough misery, without having the torture inflicted ou you vicariously. What days and weeks did Emmy and I spend in prowling ronnd the suburbs of Melbourne, in interviewing agents by the score, in reading advertisements by the hun dred. Our experience was invariably the same. If the house suited us, the price didn't ; if the price suited us, the house didn't What journeys we took in Bearch of those.k< elegant villas " and " comfortable cotfagga" which seemed suited to our means, and which, on being inspected, turned into tumble-down barns and weatherboard shanties. Why don't land agents take to novel writing? The legitimate writers of fiction would have no chance with them. What imaginations they must have. Claude Mel notte was prosaic and commonplace beside them. Wc were becoming exhausted in body and mind, and were seriously thinking of crecting a tent or building a mia-mia in one of the reserves, when our efforts were at last crowned with success. One Saturday we were wading through the advertisements, as usual, without seeing any thing at all possible, when Emmy suddenly exclaimed Why, here is the very thing! Just the number of rooms we want, more than enough ground, and the rent less than what we are paying. Let us etart off at once to see it." " Oh, you green girl," I replied-I like to lug in a Shnkspearian quotation when lean "don't you know the sort ot ramshackle place it will tnm out to be? Haven't we been Bold that way often enough ?" But she persisted t and as the afternoon was fine, and the suburb to be viBited one of the prettiest round Melbourne, I finally con cluded that we might as well go there as any p'ace else. And off we Btartea. I was agreeably surprised'at the situation and appearance pf tile bouse. The neigh bourhood was a good one; a railway stat'on just sufficiently near to be easily accessible, and sufficiently far off not to be a nuisance; and the house stood on a little knoll over looking the river. The aspect ot the place' Bcemed strangely familiar to me:-where had I seen it before ? In a dream or in a former state of existence. I had never been in the locality before. A comfortable, «osy, rather old-fashioned two-story red-brick house, standing in about an acre of well-kept grounds, a green lawn, tairly grown plantations of biaegnni and pine trees, perhaps a little too near the frontdoor, and the borders bright with flowers. Nothing ramshackle there. The outside had evidently been freshly painted, and but tor the peculiar, lonely look that -onoccupied nouses, always have there was nothing to complain ot I felt convinced that there nad been some mistake about- the rent, the sum! named was absurdly low for such a reai aence. i bad too much experience now to »e in doubtnon thai point However, as we: were there, we might as well look through' ? the place, \- _ Ihe agent bad given as |he keys, so we proceeded at once to enter,. A turn of the i handle, the door fell open with a harsh hall be!x *°nn<*' the entrauoe t that I si»all not be believed. I a*** writing with tbe Knowledge pf after event#, and ui%t unoon 8cious]y I am confounding the feelings I then have now ^ witfc the feelings I aaVell'as ia.#ot so; that : EffiW 6 wmc acnnwSI w tfip?°4u<^ Wp>* no atter S?H knowledge and no subsequent eunts have bad any effect apqn'm/ n»0d;; even!T .?fflt'% bjiyevnttea that events?5 '? ^ blw f you choose ; bat I declare that, though I saw nothing, heard nothing, and felt nothing, except the _ cold wind of which I have spoken, I did not dare to enter that door way ; I couldn't have done it if my life had depended upon it Something, I know not what, mysterious, impalpable, awful, stood there and barred iny way. My wife, _ terrified at my terror, surprised at my emotion, clung to me as I stood gazing i with horror-stricken looks at the unseen. " Why, Tom ! what is the matter? You frighten me by staring like that. There is nothing there but a wide hall, with such a beautiful lamp in it Come in." And, taking me by the arm, she, before I could Btop her, passed first into the hall. As the mist dissolves from the mountain and is not, ao L felt that the presence I dreaded had departed, my mind clcared, my terror passed away, and with wonder at the tricks that imagination can play one, I followed my wife. | "A sudden dizziness," I explained in answer to her anxious inquiries ; " let me sit tor a moment on the stair, and I will be better." " Poor fellow," she said, soothingly ; " I told you that you had too much gooseberry pie. Indigestion is a fearful thing." This completed my cure. "Madam," I replied, severely, "you are mistaken; pie has nothing to do with it Come and look at the house." This retort was not very brilliant, but it was the only one 1 could think of till too late. We went through the place, I carrying with me the odd feeling that I had often been through it before. I always knew when we opened a door what sort of a room would be disclosed, where to expect a flight of stairs, and where to look for a pantry. I Bcarcely realised , the strangeness of this until I caught my wife's surprised look, when I said "This way, dear, this is the drawing room door." " Why you must have been here before," she replied. I said confusedly, "Oh, I can always tell a drawing-room door." But I saw that she was not satisfied with my answers i Recovering from the strange depression! that had seized me on entering," I went into the opposite extreme, and 1 rushed about the house in perfectly frantic spirits, making the empty rooms ring with shrieks of laughter, till, putting my head up one of the chimneys, shouting "lii, cockalorum," I distinctly heard the deep toll of a muffled bell, which seemed to echo around me. I drew back with a startled look, saying to my wife, who was just behind me, " Did you hear anything ?" But she had heard nothing, and abso lutely refused to believe that I had; and although she was silent, I saw "pie" in her eyes so plainly that I pursued the subject no further, but completed the inspection of the house as quietly and as quickly as possible. I hardly like to confess it, but I certainly felt relieved when the door was safely locked behind me, and I breathed the free air of heaven again. Of course, I confessed nothing of the sort to Emmy. On the contrary, I joined her in ex tolling the merits of the house, and even surpassed her m my praises, merely remark ing casually that it was a pity that the rent should be bo high, because there must have been ft mistake m the sum mentioned to us. But on reaching the agent's, we found, to my surprise, and diSgtfat, that there was no error, about the matter, and that we could "have the house at the very moderate rental named originally. I looked very blank at this announcement, whilst Emmy fairly clapped her hands, ex claiming, " Oh, how jolly !" (I fear that she is a little Slangy in moments of excitement) The suave, Btniling agent ;sat down and commenced writing out an ogreement I felt desperate as I saw those fat beringed fingers gliding rapidly over the paper, ftook my wife aside. Emmy," I began, " for heaven's sake, don't let ns take that house." " But yeu were all praise of it just now." ?" Yes, btat there is something uncanny, something-" 1 could get no farther. As I looked im ploriugly in her face 1 saw that her lips were noiselessly forming the word " pie." Without' another word, with a savage stroke of the pen, I signed the agreement that bound me to my fate. In due course we moved into our new house, or rather, to epeak more correctly, Etumy moved in, whilst 1 judiciously absented myself on the plea of "urgent pro fessional business." I hate being in .the way, and giving the little, woman more trouble than'can be helped upon these.occasions. Wtyen I saw the unlucky dwelling-place next it was late at night I had asked to be sent to report a.n up-country agricultural show, and 1 only got home by the late train on the night of the moving, They were very jolly fellows at the show, and a whole lot of at came down together, so whep I reached bpme I was just in the humour to meet eqctbinf, and indeed hoped that some thing mysterious nvglitencounter me on the threshold. Bat nothing of the sort happened. Of course not These things never; do happen when I am in the humour for them. I walked into the bouse in as prosaic a manner as possible, - and received with a proper grace my wife's thanks for not having been about "fussing" Jier all day ;and gave her dttsmeedof praise- not too much, of course lor the way in which «he had managed our Hitting, and kindly overlooked the breakages th^t had occnrred. Next morning, as I made my way to the train, I overtook Charlie Dempster. You all know Dempster. He is not a bad fellow, Oh^rliA He belongs to the Opposition shop; 80 bis politics are, of course, detectable. And < he thinks that he can write a bit, which he can't; but not a bad fellow by any means. " Hello, old man, who'd have thought ot .eeingyou here?" was his greeting. V Why. my cockalorum'- (I have a bad habit of catling people cockalorum-I wish I coold break myself ot it), " I live here." " The deucc yon do 1 Since when?" "Yesterday. "Thought I'd have seen you about if you had teen here any time. Where do you hang outf RoiebenT-viHa." " Whew r ' Charlie gave a prolonged whistle express'rve of astonishment, anil Voiced &t; me with such an amazed air, that I gan to feel wnoomfortable. ' Why-mayn't I live there as well as any body else 91 suppose t can pay the rent, Master Charlie t" 144 Certainly, toy dear boy, certainly. Only I didn't think that you'd have cared fofbut there 4s <to Accounting for tastes. No;doubt you like-living with fcR old irieucL" f'l *#i*hiyon wouldn't be so blessed «n?8leyitnift Yon ate ndt writing a leader ior ? jhefe ua have your meaning, it, jioulhartigdt ona"' . ,. j : M Wbf. you don t tpean to sayth&t; you do tMCV'Vil&nL;'f* i' ....'.. .) And jro& doo't know what JtoMberry-l 1 villa was called before it was Roseberry villa ? " No more than I know what songs the sirena sung or what name Achillea assumed when he hid himself amongst the women." " It waa called ' Lima.'" Good heavens 1 I was living at " Lima," in the very house where one of the moat hor rible of tragedies had taken place. Poor, poor Carton ! What an unhappy life-what a miserable end had been his! And my re sidence was the scene of that terrible death. What a lool I waa not to have recognised the house when I first saw it. Why, there had been pictures of it in all the papers, with plans of the interior and full descriptions of all the rooms. I shuddered when I thought of it, particularly as my memory recalled some ot the most horrifying parts of the hor rifying accounts. I felt dizzy, and for a moment leant against the fence, gazing stupidly at Dempster. " W hy, Tom, I didn't think that you would have taken on like thiSj'or I would have broken it to you more gently. I forgot that you were rather friendly jyitli Carton. Cheer up, old man. It is not natural for an author to feel so acutely the Idas'of a critic." And the good fellow tried to cover my distress by affecting a callousness he did not feel. This discovery weighed on me like a night mare. I carefully concealed it from my wife; but she soon noticed that something was amiss, and was endless in her Burmises and inquiries. However, I managed to keep her in the dark as to what was weighing on my mind. But for a while the burden waa a terrible one. My fancy was so vivid in the matter, and my memory 80 good. The real and actual appearance of the house seemed to be always vanishing from before my eyes, and its image, as it waa at the time of poor Carton's death, with all the hideous and bloody details, appeared to be always rising in its place like a dissolving view. And there Beemed to be always ringing in my ears the last words of the unfortunate man-" There may be heaven, there must be hell." For some days I almost dreaded that my reason would go. But I fought against my own sensations; I reasoned with myself; I occupied myself about the house, till I gradually forced my senses to recognise the realities about them, and not the phantoms of what had been. By degrees I grew quite accustomed to my surroundings. I seemed to forget the catas trophe, and to only retain towards Carton the kindly feelings with which I had regarded him during his life. But 1 suppose that you are thinking that my ghost story is a story without a ghost Courage, I have nearly worked down to it now. Some months had elapsed since we had taken possession of our new abode; our life had dropped into its usual routine, and I hud quite ceased to regard the house with the ' original horror, when the incident I have undertaken to relate took place. One evening Emmy had accompanied some friends to the ltoyaL We had had orders from the Bhop, and I thought it a pity that she should not go, though I could not accom pany her. So she arranged to take the Dempsters. Our little pets were were on a visit to their grandmother, and our staff of domestics had obtained leave of absence for the evening to see her cousin from the country, BO I was alone in the house. I would have dearly liked to have accom panied the party to the theatre, but duty tied me to my desk. The fact is, that I had received a letter from my editor that evening which kept me at home. It was close to Christmas, and he was, apparently, in great anxiety about his Christmas number. He bad written me to this effect "Dear E.,-That idiot, , has disap pointed me again. I relied upon him for a tour-column Christmas story; but he has sent in something so stupid that I really can't put it in. Send me copy to that extent at once. As it is Christmas time, something slightly sensational, or mock tragic, would be best." There was nothing for it but to sit down and grind out something to answer his pur pose. So, having seen the theatrical party Btarted, I sat me down to perform my task. The night was a hot one; not one of those pleasantly-warm evenings of our early summer that are rather enjoyable than not, but a hopelessly hot, sweltering night, such as sometimes come before Christmas, and which we seem to feel then even more than we do the greater heat of Febrnary. 1 sat with all the doors open. The air outside was probably warmer than within, as a fierce, hot wind was blowing, but I had felt so stifled that I was determined on a change of some Bort The door of the room in which I wrote was thrown right back, so as I Bat looking out of die room, I could see down the broad entrance-hall to the open hall-door. I went to work in the beat of possible humours. The ideas seemed to come to me faster than I would write them down. My pen appeared to glide along the paper like a skilful Bkater on smoothest ice; I could hardly write fast enough. I wrote on and on, and when I at length paused to arrange my slips, and read them over, I was astonished to find how late it was, almost midnight; my wife would be home in another hour. The subject I had chosen was a ghost story of the good old-fashioned kind. And I Mattered myself that I had caught the knack of the thing pretty welL I read and revised the MS. for some time, till I came to the exciting part of the story, where it is related how, jas the solemn sound of the midnight chimes was heard from the distant town, the great bell in the ruined eastle turret, moving of its own accord, untouched by human hands, pealed forth the solemn notes of woe, and the ghastly vision that he had prayed for was vouchsafed to the flaring gaze of young Alphonso," Jte. This part I thought so good that I could not resist the temptation ot reading it aloud, just to try how it sounded. I paused after I had done so. I felt pleased with my effort. I murmured aloud, " All, poor Carton would have enjoyed that." A burst of applause interrupted roe-nn unmistakable clapping of hands; not the loud rapture of the' <*ods," but the well bred, well^flloved plaudits of the circle. The Blip fell from my hands. I glanced around in a nervous terror, mechauically calling out, " Who's that?" Not a sound replied. The silence was nn broken, save by the "-soughing" of the wind through the trees before the door, whose melancholy tCutt&ut;'made the aUlinosa seem more still, . . A r " jt> *ee. you. G∓ out of thlt! I called one in * loudw tone, oonvuioed that somebody fTM-plfiyinBA Hick wpo* w* m voioe s$eme4 ito ecbo i£ on unnatural roanperihrpSRb thf town, and aa the last «oun& topaqte mots J tried to reason frifo WWW rous storiea in which imagination has been shown to have played most fantastic tricks. But it would not do. Reason had not such a potent sway in that lonely midnight hour as it is wont to have in the bright light of dnv. I felt afraid of I know not what. I turned in de«pcration to continue my work. 1 feaix d to read the next slip aloud ; but, be cause I (eared, was determined to do it. I began a little quaveringly, but as I pro ceeded got on well enough. The last words on the Blip were-"and namclesB terror seized upon his very BOUI." As I pronounced them I looked round me quickly in every direction. Not a sound, not a movement. At first the expectancy of sound had been eo great that the silence was more dreadful; but soon the reaction came, and I telt intense relief. "Pshaw i" I exclaimed, "It was imagi nation, after all." And I commenced the next slip in a loud voice, with almost a Jocu lar air. But with all my assumed jocularity I had not really got over my fright, and when the last words of the slip died away I listened intently for any sound. To my unspeakable horror, the applause I had heard before was repeated. That gentle, muffled, regular sound that is grateful to so many, was awful to my ears. I remained Bpellbound whilst it lasted two seconds perhaps of time, but to me a very eternity. Then, with a wild shriek, I rushed madly down the hall. Nothing there, yet every thing. From the black shadows of the dark cross halls as I passed there seemed to emerge, half-seen, naif-hidden, the ghastly visions seen in nightmares and in dreams. The lamp suspended near the door, as its flame flickered in the wind, cast shadows on the wail that to my frenzied sight appeared living, moving beings. As I approached the door, tbe same feeling of terror that I had experienced on my first visit to the house came over me. The door lay wide open; beyond I could see the dark trees, the bright sky. Nothing held me back, yet I dare not cross the threshold. No, though life had been before me, and death behind, I could not have done it I paused a moment, glared round me, and rushed back as wildly as I had come. Not for all tbe wealth of Indies would I have looked behind me as I went I sank into my chair, buried my face in my hands, then with desperate courage 1 rose and walked mechanically round the room, seeking for some explanation of my ghostly experience. In vain. The room was a small one; there was no possible hiding- place in it for any human trickster. I could see underneath the table at which I sat, I could see underneath the sofa, the door was opened so far that it almost touched the wall, and there was no other point of vantage for a per son hiding. " Good heavens!" I thought, "can it be? Has the grave indeed given up its dead ? Is it possible that my involuntary agency can have called back Carton to this sphere, where he had suffered so much, and which he had been so prompt to quit? Can it be that spirits interest themselves in tbe trivial fond records of those they left behind ?" I could hardly think it Yet, I could hardly believe otherwise. I tried to remind myself that as I would not have quailed before Carton in the flesh, there was no reason why my spirit Bhonld quail before his now, " being a thing (im mortal as itself." But the earthy covering weighed down the immortal essence, and shrank before the disembodied spirit When I realised that I was indeed in pre sence of that which cannot die, my mortal frame shock in very agony, perspiration stood in great drops upon my forenead, my hair Btood on end, I shuddered convulsively. Tet I made one effort more. "Carton," I cried aloud, "spare me. No mortal can mingle with the nnseen and live. Life iB very Bweet to us still here. Let me live." Around, above, about me, the phantom applause, as -if in mockery of my prayer, echoed and re-echoed through my brain. I called aloud, a cry answered mine. A form in white glided down the hall. I knew not what new horror to expect. Joy ! It was my wif& " Why, whatever is the matter with you ? You look pretty well scared to death." " Oh, Emmy-Emmy, I have had such an experience. Carton has appeared to me." " Carton-fiddlesticks, it's pie. You'll never leave off pie, till something worse than poor Carton appears to you. I am sure I am glad that it is not whisky. Well, what did the old fellow do, and what did he look like ? I am sorry I wasn't at home. I hadn't half as as much fan." " For shame, Emmy. I can hardly speak for trembling. Carton did appear to me, or if he didn't appear exactly, he applauded me when I read out something I had written." "Then his critical faculties must have fallen off greatly in the other world." ! " For God's Bake be silent Oh 2 there it is again." Tbe applause recommenced. I looked at my wife, expecting to see her Bink terror- j stricken to the ground, but that indomitable woman, saying: " Carton-applause-rub bish !" walked to the door, closed it, and pointing to tbe part of the wall which had been hidden behind it, continued, "There, my fine ghost-seer. There's your phantom applause. And there it was, sure enough. And so my only ghost story is ended. " But you haven't told us what the nnseen dweller on the threshold was." "I fear it was pie." "And the phantom applause?" " That wag more humiliating still. It was nothing but an enormous moth, the largest I ever aaw, which, disturbed by my reading aloud, flapped a little way up or down behind the door." " Well, let DS hope it was a death's-head moth at least" 