TALES AND SKETCHES. THE CAVEBOCKS. \- A TALE OF THE CORHISH COAST. br tiie Author op " John Herrixg, " , .. ' -Meualah," " Count Royal, " &c.; Chapter VII. — A Race for Life. < Hold the sheet, Con, ordered Hendcr Gaverock, " and throw yourself to wind'ard as ballast. Whatever you do, but one turn round thecleet. Many a score of boats have been last bv a double turn." The wind roso to a hurricane, the waves piled themselves up, and their foaming crests broke against each other. The day was declining, but the dense clouds made it dark before its time. All color was gono out of the sea. J I Now the little Mermaid proved how good a ressol she was ; she skimmed the waves like a isabird, she danced on their crests liko tho mer maid that she was. A grim smile lighted the bee of old Gaverock. He was proud of his boat, and happy to be able to prove her powers. She was scantily provided with bal last for such a gale — only with Constautine laden with the stone jars. " Have the bottles with von, lad. Take them over from side to 6ide,"said his father. 1 We-mnst keep on all sail we can." U For some time he saw no more of the mys terious boat, but as he tacked he agaiu obtaiued a glimpse of her ; she also, like the Mermaid, was standing out to sea. The little cotter leaned over with the force of the wind, the Water rushed up before her bows, and at times swept her deck. For a moment the sunlight flared oat a part ing ray from tho west, and, as the Mermaid swung up a great billow, the three men saw, to port, the strange boat, as if made of red hot metal, glowing, glaring, the sail a sheet of flame, the men on board as men of fire. | This was only for a moment. Then the black cloud descended on the sea, and night fell ; but still for a while in tho west a bloody streak marked tho division between sea and sky. Bain began to fall heavily, driving before the wind, drops that struck as hard as hail ; it fell so thick that it cut off all sight of the laud and cf the horizon. The sea rose higher. The gale lashed at the sea, liko a savage groom lashing a horse into a frenzy of fear and fury. The wind shrieked iu the rigging, the water hissed and gulped about tho boat, the whole air was full of roar, in which, now and again, came the thunder and crash of a plunging billow distinct from the general noise. Already bad they been Swept by two or three seas, and were drenched to the skin. The water foamed over old Tre gcllas, who sat forward, and, pouring over tho neck, rushed out boliind over the Squiro. The other boat was near them — so near that they could have hailed one another had thoy boon so Bunded. Another reef ought to have been taken in, but Gaverock did not liko to confess himself beaten in a race — which was a race for lie. Presently, however, when a furious blast sent them over so that tho water wet half the sail, he was constrained to tako iu the second reef, and then, noxt time he caught sight of the phantom boat, he saw that those on board her had done the same. Rnra, Con, rnm," shouted Gaverock, and passed the tin cup to his son, who removed the cork from one of the jars, poured out with shaking hand, and passed a jorum to his iuthcr, then cirauk himself, and finally handed tho can to Tregcllas. Tho spirit was needed ; the three men were numb with cold, and wet to the bone. Wheu the rushing rain held up, the light on Trevose Head was visible ; but Gaverock saw that it was now impossible for him to make Sandymouth that night. Tho wind was on shore, and he must run out to sea, and keep Well out till break of day. This could only be done by constant tacking. Ha did not toll Constantino or David. Thcro was no need for him to do so. Both knew it as well as he. Unless ho could work out to open sea, the wind would carry him ashore between the horns of Qarlland and Trevose. If ho could manage to tan under Lundy, ho conld ho there all night, ready for return next day. Fortunately tho goto was not from the north-wost, nor was it duo west, but with a point or two to the south west. The phosphorescent light on tho black bil lows seemed to tbo Squiro to break into lam- beat flame-about themysterious boat that shot \- W ont of darkness and duto darknose again at jaterralj. By this light ho thought he could distinguish the men on .beard, with their son' Westers on their heads ; hut at thoy wore all to Windward, and the boat keeled over steeply, he conld sae no faces. Their, backs were towards dun but he fancied that he saw tho man at the helm with a 6take protruding from his back. That may have been fancy only. In the un certain light, with the irregular motiou of the boats, with glimpses caught casually botweeu boiling seas, in the excited, strained condition of his mind, Gaverock was iiablo to be de ceived. Not for a moment did the old man's heart fail him. His spirit rose to the occasion. He had expressed a wish to race Fcatherstone's cutter. Featherstono had taken him at his word ; the phantom ship was there, come at his challenge, at one moment fiery, as if the dead man and his boat had sprung to tho chal lenge from tho flames of Tartarus, black for the most part, as though drawn from the blackest abyss of hell. Presently ho saw a mighty wall of water, as of ink, rolling on, with the blear light of the squally western sky behind it, showing its ragged, tossing, threatening crown, sharply cut against the light, Gaverock prepared to meet it, with firm grasp of tho helm and set tooth. For a moment it seemed as though tho Mer maid were about to cleave — only for a moment, and then she swung up, all her planks straining, as making a desperate effort i then a rush of whirling foam swept the deck and streamed out of the lec scuppers, as tho boat lay over almost on her side. For a moment she staggered, as though hesitating what to do next, righted herself and then went headlong down into tho sea trough, as though diving like a cormorant after a fish 4 and the walls ol black water stood about her, euclosiug her as the waves of the Bed Sea above the chariots of Pharaoh. Whilst this happened, Gaverock fancied he heard a cry from the phantom boat, which he could uot see hidden behind tho liquid mounds. Was it a cry of mockery f or was it a threat f Ho waited till the Mermaid had mounted a roller, and then ho replied with a roar of de fiance, It was no longer possible to carry so ranch sail, and he reefed again — but with reluctance. The fury of the storm seemed to grow. Ho dared not reef further, lest he should lose all command over the boat. Tho spray cut and cross-cut the old Squire's face, as though he were being lashed with a horse-whip. The water poured off his shaggy eyebrows, blinding him. Ho dared not letgohis hold of the tiller even with his one hand to wipe his face, and he bent his head, and smeared the brine and rain away on his sloeTe. Tho rnm was called for, and passed fre quently. Constantino suffered more than his father. His hands were numb and shook with cold. He was less accustomed to exposure than Hender Gaverook and David Tregallas. For a twelvemonth, at least, ho had not been to sea. He was angry and bitter at heart with hi-- father for exposing htm to discomfort and danger. He firmly resolved never to go out with tho old man again, It would bo better for him to keep away altogether from home, where he was tripped up, mocked, thrust into peril of his life by the inconsiderate, self- willed old man. Now he was afraid of losing the jars of spirit ; afraid of a wave washing them away. Therefore ho took off his ker chief and tied the handles together with it. They were already bound together with a piece of cord ; that cord he passed behind his back, and the kerchief by this means crossed his breast, holding a jar in place under each arm. Thus, when he passed from port to starboard he carried them with him without incon venience. That was his first idea in thus at taching them about him, but his second was that thoy might forma protection for liimseli in tho event of liis being washed overboard or of tho vessel foundering. Featherstone's boat — or that which Gaverock took for it — had been unseen for some while. All at once it shot by. Then the old Squire thought he could distinguish the faces of the men on board, lit by the upward flare of the phosphorescent foam. They were white as the faces of the dead. ' Not a word was spoken as they weut by, though the wind lulled for a minute. Tho lull was but tor a minute. A little way ahead through the darkness loomed on them a mountain, of water, with a curling, hoary, spluttering'rringo on its head. Gaverock stoered direct at the billow, and the sail was eased as much as possiblo to help the little Mermaid over the watery heap. The wave came on as if on wheels, ruBhed down on them, shivering into specks of foam in all parts, on its side, as sparks blink out bore and thore in tinder j with a roar and a blow, it engulphed tho vessel and her crew. For a moment the Mermaid lay on her lco side, as about to keel over, thon gathered herself together and righted once more. Gaverock heard a cry from the water. Tregcllas was overboard. " God be with you, David l" called tho old Squiro, and said no more. Help was not to be thought of. Then he imagined that he heard a lond, derisive laugh come to him over tho water. He could not see Featherstone's boat, but the soundcame — or he fancied it came from the quarter where she must be. Con stautine was now alone in tho vessel with his father. Thoy had to inanago her between them. The old man could not leave the tiller. He held it with iron hand, though numbed with tho cold, and with tho fingers stiff, without feeling, aud contracted. Soon after, again, he caught a glimpse, but only a glimpse, of tho phantom boat. Tho clouds had parted momentarily before tha crescent moon, aud a ray had touched this mysterious vessel. For an instant, an instant only, it ehone out against the night and storm, ghost like, as if cut out of white paper and stuck against the soot black background. Gave- rock'B pulses smote his ribs like hammers. He was Tory augry. Featherstono, the Hover, had rovisitod the worldand the scene of his exploits,; to hsTO his revenge on tho race that had com passed his mardor. He was following the' Mermaid, to watch and track to death the man and the son of the man who had spikod him. Gaverock looked abont for, and with his hand groped Constantino's gnu,. A' foolish desire for revenge came over him.- He would hare liked, noxt time the strange boat appeared, to dis charge tho gnn at the helmsman. Bat ha abandoned tho idea almost as soon as it was formed, fie dare not. desert the tiller, and the gun was doubtless rendered useless by tho „ I , L < " As the night wore on, Gaverock all sense of time. Honr alter hour had passed, but the night became no darker. The storm, if it did not abate, grow no vrorso. Sometimes the clouds aloft were torn apart, and the squire could look up at tho stars and see tatteradfrag- mcnts of vapor being whirled across the gap, which then closed again. At times driving storms of rain came on, and when the rain did not fall the air was full of spondrift Gaverock guessed pretty well where he was, and he altered somewhat the course of bis boat. He was now, according to his reckoning, driv ing towards tho Channel. He could see Lundy light at intervals, far away to leeward, but he had lost sight of that on Trevose Head. Gavcrock's heart did not fail him, but he was less confident than he hod been of reaching home alive. He took tho peril without much concern : it was what must be expected by those who went out boating iu dirty weather. If ho were drowned, well — it could not ho helped. All mnst die. But he was vexed that he had not been able to keep his word, and run home to Towan in spite of the gale. Strange to say, the feeling that prevailed iu him, aud nerved him to battle with the tempest, was rage against Featlrerstone. He had dared Feather- stone to race him, and Featherstono ho saw would boat him, and be able to oxult over the wreck of the Mermaid. Not a thought did he give to Towan, to his wife, to Gerans ; his one absorbing consideration was — how to disappoint Featherstone, his one consuming ambition was — to come off with life and wiih an unwrocked uvuij uub ivi 110 unu enAU) uut iw uiieuc uuu disappoint Featherstone. Between three and four in the morning, as the dawn was beginning to lighten, Gaverock saw again a mountain of foam before him, so white, so broken that ho feared he was fallen among breakers; next moment he recognised his mistake. No rocks were there, no sandbank.- What he saw was a mountain of seething foam, the clash and churn of angry waves . that had beaten against each other in a cross .sea, and had resolved themselves into a heap of milky brine, that worked and hissed throughout its substance and over its face. The Mermaid went in, and for a moment or two Gaverock and his son were holding their breath, submerged in sea water. When the Mirindid caine out, she lay keel uppermost, and the old man and Con stautine were clinging to her tackling aud float ing in the sea. Gaverock was prepared for this. He had not lost his presence of mind. He llflT.lreil fhrntiorl, Hia ctii-miile nn tha cidn. en nc to allow the mast to float, instead of working underneath her. Theu, using great exertion, lie scrambled upon the keel, and Constantino did tho same. Thero they sat, in cold and wet, gripping the bottom of the boat with' hands and knees, covered every few minutes with the waves. Constautine found that his powers were fail ing. Ho eould hold on but very little longer. There was only jnst sufficient light for them to know that the night was changing into day. Constantine pulled the corks out of the jars, one after the other, and poured forth their con tents, then he corked them tightly again. Would it be well for him to pass one of the jars to his father? To do that, he must un knot both his kerchief and the cord, aud his hands were too numb for this. ' Besides, it was doubtful whether a single jar would suffice to float a mm. He looked at his father. The old man had strength ami endurance in him yet, and Constantiuo had neither. Besides, the father had run him into this great peri), not he the father. Iu common justice, therefore, the risk should fall heaviest on the old man. " Father I" ho called " I can hold no longer." 'Then' let go, in God's name. I'll give your rcipects to mother." At that moment a great roller swept over both. As the boat came out, Gaverock saw tho strange vessel, with the dark figures in it, shoot by. Then he looked along the keel — Constautine was gone. The old man's heart boat, not with sorrow for his son, not with fear for himself, hut with anger that Featherstone should have wit nessed, and be exulting over, the loss of his servant aud his son " I will not drown. Golly 1 I'll spoil his sport yet," shouted Gaverock ; and he took the great kife wherewith he had cat through tho cordage, aud with it ho worked holes between the wood aud tho lead of the keel, into ' which he conld fit his fingers, dead and frozen though they wore, hut sUll with the cling in them, set as claws. Gaverock could no longer sit up ; he lay his length on the keel, with his red face on one side, and tho crimson kerchief dripping, hang ing loose round his neck — it had been washed off his head — draggling behind him. The day was lightening. Gulls laughed and fluttered over tho wreck, then plunged and shook their wings about the ciingiug man, re gardless of him, knowing his inability to injure them. The wind was certainly abating, but the waves still tumbled and bouuded and shook themselves into froth, and filled his ears with a sound as of a ronr oat of infiuite space, a roar that would never end a roar inarticulate and all pervading. Aud a scuso came over him of cold and weariness— of cold that no heat would ever thaw, but which was so cold as to chili and put out all fire — of weariness that would never grow less, aud that no rest would ever refresh, but which also would continue the same, never becoming more Route, a dead weariness, with a thread of eternity penetrating through it. But with all, in spite of cold aud weariness and noise, his will never failed — that remained unflagging, norvous, iron. Over head, pink flashes appeared among tho clouds, liko the flowers of tamarisks scattered about the sky. His eyes saw neither the color nor tho light. He had no power to observe anything, he had no thought for anything, no wish hut one. " Featherstone I Featherstone ! I'm not done yet, and I won't give way." Then indistinctly, out of another world, he heard voices, then ho became conscious of something not cold and watery touching him. Gradually he camo out of his, far-off realm of cold and weariness and numbness to tho meet ing-place of a world of warmth and action aud life. He heard human Toicos, he felt himself caught by hands. But ho clnng the more, fiercely, tenaciously, to tho keel. For a moment I,! eanens wnni than il&tllQ; AWfiin. hfOUCht back by the force of .his dominant will. Tho .Mermaid was washed ashore in Bade. Haven, and he was in tho arms of living men. He looked round, and saw sand-hills. He tridtocry out triumphantly, "Featherstone ! not beateu I" but his voice and his conscious- new failed him. Chaptbh VIII.— Tub Shadow op Dhatu. On the third day after his interview with Constantino in the Iron Gate, Dennis .PenhalUgaa walked up the - coomb, and ovor tho hill to Towan. He. had heard that Gaverook and his . younger aoa_ had gono to sea in tha. Mermaid on the morning of the (term, and had not returned. Hot. sister wu white, red eyed and trembling with excite- ment andfear. She entreated liira to get the last news for her, and relieve her alarm or con firm her worst anticipations. On reaching Towan, he saw a shaggy horse in broken harness patched with rope and string attached to a gig with a torn splashboard, and wheels without paint on tho tires and paintless half way up the spokes, standing before the door, with a rough boy, almost us wild- as the horse, and in clothes as torn and rudely mended as the harness, seated in the gig, flicking the horso with the whip for diversion, without allowing him to leave the door. Dennis went hy into the hall. There he saw Gerans, who held out his hand to him without speaking. The doctor heard a sound from the adjoining parlor like the wailing of tho wind, then words followed, which he could not hear, though he knew the voice to bo that of Boso, and then again a fresh burst of wails. Gerans held his face averted, "Look at that, Dennis," he said, pointing to a letter on the table. "Poor Con. is lost." Dennis took up the letter and read it It was in tflA ofrflwlinfr hand n f 4lm Cnnivn "Geban's, — I've sent a boy with a trap for you from Bude, he is to change horses at Camelford. You are to come back with him, and bring- along with you two fresh jars, empty, for rum. The others are lost. Til fill them on my way home. Very sorry to say that Tregellas and Con. were ;drowuod, but the Mermaid is all right — came ashore into Bnde Haven, keel up, and I astride thereon ; so the Mermaid was no derelict, and, I'm thankful to add, no wreck neither Very little wants doing to her, and -you and I will bring her back to Sandymouth. By the time yon are here I reckon she'll be ready for sea again. So am I. Sorry about Con." Tell your mother not to be a fool, und cheer up." Dennis laid the letter on the table. " This is all ; you know ho more?" " Nothing but what the boy has told ns. My father came into Bade Harbor yesterday morniug the ou Mcnuaid, clinging to the keel, unconscious, or nearly so, and poor Con-— — " Gerans voice broke down, and' lie went to. the- ir luuuwuiiuicunea nis eiootvs on it, looxing out, and putting his hand to his eyes, and pre tended that something was tickling lhem.\ "Poor Con," ho said, arter "a While, " was washed off far out to sea. I-Ie told father he could hold on no longer — lie was overcome with cold. and exhausiion. Tregellas had been carried off the deck earlier. My mother ! — my poor mother." Dennis respected his sorrow, and was silent for some.- tunc. At last be said, in a low tone: . ; . " I am very grieved for your mother and you — very. ; . You have my warmest sympathy. You are going to Budo now, I suppose?" Gerans nodded. "I want to know one thing before you leave. Did your brother say anything particular to you or your father before starting on this disastrous expedition ?" " Say anything 1 'What do you mean? Ho said ' Good-bye,'— nothing more. He had no idea that the cruise would be daugerous." " I do not mean that— I mean about Lovo- day." " Abont Loveday ! " repeated Gerans, with unfeigned surprise. "No; what had he to say ? " ' ' " I must tell you now, Gerans. If this had uot happened, yon would have heard it from his own lips before to-day. I had his promise to reveal- it \- Young Gaverock turned and looked at him with a puzzled expression "It can ho nothing of consequence now, Dennis," he said. " You can tell me some other time. Imust be off to Bude to meet in, father." "No, Gerans. .1 should wish you to know all at once, before you -see aim.' You are re gretting the loss of a brother— I of a brother iu law." The young Squire stared stupidly in Dennis's face. He could not take in the meaning of hii words. ' " Do you hot' understand me? " said the surgeon. "Constantine had .married. mj sister." » Nonsense ! " Gerans blurted forth. " You .are dreaming." " It is true. When Loveday was in Exeter, last spring, Constantino wrongly persuaded her and she weakly allowed herself to be persuaded. They were married, but I did not know it till three days ago." ' ' Impossible. My father was not asked." " No ; your father was not cousnlted, uorwas I. The thing was done secretly. Your brother acted in a most dishonorable- " "He is dead," said Gerans, holding up his hand. "Trae; hut when I think of this my blood boils. No one's consent was asked, They were married, and parted. She returned to me ; ho remained at Exeter. Months passed, and the 6ecrct did not leak out, though I sus pected something was being kept from me. 1 read it in Loveday's face. I saw it lnrking in her once so honest eyes. I taxed her with concealment, hut she would confess nothing till tho return of Constantino. Theu all came out." "When?" "When! Why, in Porth-Ierno." "Gerans said "no more. He looked down, greatly troubled. "Now," Fonhalligan wont on, "I ask whether Constantino had told your father before he startod on this unhappy sail ?" " I am sure he did not. My father would have been so disconcerted, ho would have spoken about it to overy one. My father gives utterance before all the world to whatever passes through his mind." "Yon will ascertain, when you see tho Q.«!u. WKa+Vim Tin wn« +nlr1 thfa nn 41m OUUV| "v "" """" crniso ? " " I do not think Con would toll him then, with old Tregallas in the boat." " Then yon must tell him as you return with him." Gerans shook his bond. " Don't force me to do that — at least, not now, with this trouble on ns. Father will launeh ont in angry words against — against -poor Con ; and 1 cannot bear that— not now, at least. He never eared for Con as did my mother and I. Con was my brother with only a year between ns, and we grew np together ; we were daily companions and the beet of friends. -My father never understood Con's superiority — he had far more brains than I have. No, Dennis ; let this lie qniet for a few days. It would heighten my mother's' grief." ' < It mnst bo known speedily, 'Why -so? "Because I will not have it remain hid." " What good will it do?" "It must come out," said Dennis. firmly. Gerans sighed, and held out his hand tt him. " Well, old fellow, yon think of a sister — I of a brother. Of courso you are right, hut give us time." Fenhalligan saw Gerans drive off, and then he stood hesitating. Should ho go directly homo and tell his sister what he had heard, r . should he first try to see aud speak to Eos' The spell on. him was too strong for him to bf able to break away. Being at Towan, he mnsf have a glimpse of her face. He knew that she' could not bo his, because the happiness would be too great for such as he, born under a fatal star, without a chance ; yet he could not m ter up the moral courage to keep away frt, her. He craved to see her, as an opium eater craves for the drag ; but the sight of her, in stead of soothing, tortured him. He lingered at the door, with one foot on the step, his eye 9 on the ground. He had a walking stick in his hand, and he scratched signs with the ferrnio in the earth. " Why should I sco her?" ho asked. " The sight of her will make me miser able. But I shall be miserable if I do not set her. Why can I not tear myself away from this place and go to the other end of England ? 1" cannot. My sister is dependent on me. All I had is sunk here, and here I must sink also." He raised his dark eyes, full of threatening light, towards heaven, and muttered, "Thou writest bitter things against me." Then, at the door, appeared Bosc, looking palo and frightened, ttie laughter and light washed from her eyes. " Mr. Fenhalligan," she said, " come, come quickly, and see Mrs. Gaverock. " In her eagerness she caught him by the arm, and drew him after her through the hall into the little parlor beyond, that opened out of it — the one room that had a window with a southern aspect. Mrs. Gaverock was there, crouched on the floor against tho window frame, her grey hair dishevelled and falling down her back. "She put her hand over her face and forehead and through her hair with a curious mechanical motion, and with tho other hand poiuted to the window frame, on winch were little scratches aud dates. "Con!" said tho old woman, "little Con! so higli. Four years old to-day. Little Con ! so high, 5 years old to-day I" and she pointed to another notch or scratch, "My Con, my pretty hoy, my pet, my darling, so high, 6 years old — that is — how long ago?" She put her trembling left hand to her brow and shook her head, and brushed her forehead, and, unable to solve the question, went ou : "What a brave, pretty fellow, so tall for 8— no — where was I ? I must begin again, with tho first score that was drawn to-day when he is three. Con, little Con, four years, or three years?" She put her hand to her head. " Help me ! -which is it? Little Con, pretty hoy, four -years old to-day, and so high." She turned round, pointing, and;- looked at Dennis. Her eyes were dazed. -y-V.' : ....... . . ; " Miss Trewhella," said the young doctor, " go. at once' for;:assistaiice. Yon- must take : Mrs. Gaverock to bed and she 'must be bled." . That was'the panacea for all ills at the time of which we write. "Miss Rose, I will go home immediately, and retnrn with iny instruments and a composing draught. The shock has beep too much for head and heart.' Whan .he had seen the broken minded and broken hearted mother taken to ber room, Dennis hastened home. At his garden gate, before he reached the house, he saw the figure of his sister standing looking np tho path expectantly She was ablo to read nothing in his face as ho came up; she took his arm, and looked questioninglyinto his dark lowering eyes. " Pas de chance," he said, "for ns and for all with whom wo are brought in contact. Mrs. Gaverock is ill ; I mast rctcra at once tc. Towan and bleed her." . Loveday's lips quivered and her eyes became dim. She feared the worst. Had her brother good news he would not linve tantalised her. Ho would liaTe communicated it at once. " Mrs. Gaverock has had bud news, and it has crashed her, mentally and physically. I doubt if she will rally from it. Her heart was set on ono object, and — of course," he said these words with concentrated bitterness, " that object is taken from her. Loveday, there is but ouo lesson life teaches, caro for no per son and nothing. Bu without a noble hopei without a great ambition — be as a beast, and rollick through life, and then life opens and laughs in response. Demand of it anything but what is common and base and you curse yourself with a career of misery." Loveday's quivering band was in his, he; swimming eyes on his. " Sister," ho said, " X have been told thai tho vulgar oyster when bom has got eyes, and a faculty of soeing through them the world, and light and color, and beauty. But the silt gets in and frets them away, and little by littlo it loses its eyes, and light and color and beauty are no more for it, only a base, mud lire under water. The eyos were only given it that they might ba taken away, and the remembrance of light be to it a lifelongrepining. Every faculty we have is given us as a vehicle for suffering. Love, desire, cling to anything, and that thing is taken from you 1 There ; go to your room and cry. The blight is on you. Constantino is dead." Bnt she did not go. She grasped his bond tighter, and said. " I have steeled my heart to hear this, Dennis. I acted very wrongly and Constantine very foolishly. That is over. Lot the past bo past. Let the wholo secret remain a secret. Now it neod be known to none bnt ourselves. lean weep for him in my own chamber ; I do not care that tho world should know why." 