CORRESPONDENCE. "Reform" thinks that the unemployed should be set to work at relief wages to clear away the rabhUh that is growing wild in the desei fed - looking West - terrace Cemetery, Many of the graves he alleges to be in a fearfnlly neglected state, and he suggests that the friends of those buried there should, by advertisement or otherwise, be asked to snb scribe a fond for making the necessary improvements. " Charles Perrott" writes from Hackney as follows:—" According to your report Mr. K. Erana has exploded the Cradock ghost to his own satisfaction. I can only say from self-experiences that similar phenomena as are reverted to have occurred at Blackrock do exist, and Mr. K. Evans is not a fit and proper nerson for the public to be guided by. In the first place, Mr. Evans went for the sole purpose of proving it to be a fraud. In the second place, he is a nonjuror and a mesmerist, With these gifts .combined, he. could influence the girl to produce the Jknocks or revent them to suit his own purpose," S >ur correspondent gives other reasons why Mr. Evans's conclusions should be distrusted, but it is not necessary to enter into them. " John Newton."—Jubilee excursion trains will leave Melbourne on Jane and 27 and July 4 and 11. The fares will be—1st class, f2 return; 2nd class, £1 5s; return. It will depend upon the sucsess of these trains whether other excursion trains are put on. " C."—Patapa Gap is about 8 miles north of the town of Bel tana on the road from Port Augusta to Hergott. "lily."—Yon had better advertise. We have answered the question a score of times. " Signa."—Thiers " History of the French Revolution" is not considered the best. It is written from a Republican standpoint, bat not ultra-radical or atheistio. It is not generally considered to have any sectarian bias. By many English readers Carlyle's " History of the French Revolution" is generally preferred. "£. S. R."—After June 14 the rates for carriage of copper ore from Cockborn to Dry Creek will be for a single ton £3 9s.-7d., ana far a track- load of 5 tons £1 10s. lid. per ton. Loading and unloading has to be done by owners, but if done by Railway Department Is. for each service extra will be charged. "Deed,"—We cannot say for oertain until the ships arrive. "A Droyer,'V-Benjamin William Andrews was found drowned in the Botanic Creek on Sunday morning, May 22. The inquest was commenced on May 23 at the Elephant and Castle, West-terrace, and adjourned till May 27. *'T, M. M."—Thanke for some jubilee notions, which will appear in'next Saturday's Observer and Journal. " J. B. C."—Yes; the fees, &c.;, cost, we believe, abont £100. " Onward."—We fancy your letter would do more harm than good to the cause yon advocate. 