THEWQEABOGE GM1OST. - TO THE- EBPTOH. ' ' Sir— I Would- not have troubled you with thia letter bat that I mast place myself f lirly before the public after tbe statements of Mr. ' Schultzo and Mr. Healr. Mr. SchultzoV sstxer scarcely mems repiy uani ns comsja co_ the statement referring to the ammonia. . He Eaid I Ehould and Mr. Evans vrquld probably cover our heads if teased- -srith a. bottle,' &c.; Of course vro shedd if we were awake. As to continuing the inveatiga-' tioa, I distinctly stated my belief, but said' if they were ansioua I would continue, as of' couisa I rripht Eee somttaiag to alter my^ ci'icion, ihouRh I mi^ht see B0methingJ- else to confirm it. I here append the Jol-: lowing :—'' Mr. Schultza eute.d ia:oar'' pteEence that he would allow W. A. Jones to continue the investigations, and would-be willing to admis on fair evidence that the child was producing the knocks rir was awake making them. Signed by W. A. Jones, Kirkham Evans.- June 2.' Be etatea in his -letter that he would not do as I requested re. letting ths child sleep away. from home ; .but he does not state that I offered to eleepin the house of the child, and; sling .her in a hammock for any reasonable. number of niphta.- Hi does not state that I' offered him a bed as well aa the child a ham mock a.t my residence-as lrag as he doubted. 1 .distinctly stated, as I. do. now, that the child ccn do this, and we w-ill continue to let her ekep here until.the 'ghoafc h fairly pickled^ with the vinegar of my. scepticism. I can .safely leavs. Sir. Kvana to answer for hirrEelf anything rsferrins to him alone from either of your.correspoadeui3. Aa to myself, n y first visit to tha child was in response to an invitation, from Mr. Rodighiero. The child had been here nearly a week before I' visited it, and when. Ii went on June 1 I found Mr. Healy.in. attendance. Our reason for wishing. the roorn empty was that we 6hould have (1) ; perfect eilence, (2) nobody cutside the family to charge with collusion. We were anxious to have tbe father present. Our rc- aEonB for thia wa keep to ourselves. We were also anxious to have the Rev. Mr. Hancock in, and we admitted him. As to the knees, Mr. Evans must answer for himself; but as to putting the child's foot in the box,. I -did it,'and told Mr. Schaltze to held her. foot, whkh ha did, and I then made. the bos rap out tar louder than ths knocks of the evening by clicking the kneecap. In thi3 v?a.y the sounds were not similar to those we had heard but superior to the ' ghost' rsps. Ths experiences of one evening w.ould scarcely be sufficient to judge the child by, hencD my continuous investiga tions. They are done now though, unless Mr. Sshultze has anything else he wishes me to see or unless ha takes my advice. I have seen the 'fits,' and am ready to prescriba for them, but the medicine I offer is too nauseous to be acceptable. Mr. Bchultze makes muchof. the raps not corn ing every night and so do J, aut my inference ia different. According to- Mr. Schultze the kuockers won't- rap ii you go too near the child, or if vou. get on the bed with her, &c.; Bat they will rap when he 13 in bed with her. They trapped when Sissy's brother waa in bed with ;her. They rappsd when her brother was with her' down at a hut close by. They Tapped when I was close to the child in the idark within S inches of her without her Snowing i£y d-m tney stopped tne instant 1 Blipped my hand down under the clothes to the locality of the Bound, which appeared to me to come from the chest walls, and where I found the child's two hands closed. A. light was struck, and I was told I waa too close- i but I was no closer than the boy had been whom I found in bed ?with her when I entered the room, and who was removed at my request. Ehej rasped the nighl whea we were closer to the child than Iut, Evans acd myself, bnt we were all on one side of her, and Bbe was on a narrow rrattre£3 03 a boarded floor, and a little of the rug vas overlying the floor, ao that the child could rap without her hand being seen. They stopped suddenly on that same night when I suddenly and silently reached down and placed my haad :in a sliding manner over where I concluded the child's hand to be, and the 'knocker' dis tinctly pulled its 'hand' from under mine, and it slid past my hand into the bed. However, I kept the ' bridle on.' It would not rap again when I put a white pillow on the floor that side of the bed and tucked the clothes bo under the mattress that the child could not touch the floor on that side of the bed without reaching her hand out of the bed and ovef the white pillow. The raps did not come when the child slept with the servant of the house one night. The raps would not come on the night I placed the child in a hammock and told her I could recog1 die8 every rap she could possibly make then, and explained to her how I could localize the sounds if she made them. The father, by-the-way, on that occasion said he did Eot expect it would come on the hammock, but at one _of the supports or oa the wall of the building. Thia was a gal vanized-iron wall, eo I rendered it impossible for any one to approach that wall from the ?outBide without my having warning. The raps would not ccme when Mr. Evans and I were on either side of the child, but at least SO inches away from her. The raps did come when we were about SO inches from her, and both on one side. They came when I naa within 2 feet of the child, on that same night, and Mr. Schultze said, 'Ask it to knock under your feet.' I did aak it to come, but it wouldn't. But it did knock for a Eecond under my hand when I stretched it across the child to where I thought she was tapping with her hand, and then it Btopped. They came when the gentlemen from Peters burg were present, and were very near her, and were listenics to the ' wmspering.' They came one night under the child's feet, according to Mr. Rodeghieie, but they stopped when he took hold of her feet. Raps didn't come when I placed phosphorus oh tha child'B hands and tucked them outside the bed, and kept about 4 feet away_ from her, but I heard a few knocks by my side in the vicinity of somebody's foot, and Buddenly swinging down my arm, caught hold of a leg. I am prepared to swear to ths owner of that leg. On another night the raps did not come after I put phosphorus on the child's handa and again tucked them outside the bed, at least not while I was present. _ And now, Sir, in connection with that jjowerf ul bottle of smelling salts. One night it was a lucifer match. Another night it was the bottle first and then a stronger bottle, viz., my pocketknife. The next night it was nothing at all but my fist. Another night it was a bottle of Home essence or scent handed to me by Mr. Rodeghiere from the shelf of his ehop. Several times it waa my finger ? nail. On ons terrible occasion it was my thumb and forefinger. At another turn it was my therrcometerbulb. At one time it was actually the shadow of the thermometer which was not within 9 inches of her. You must understand that on many of these occasions care was taken to do enough to make a cufce child guess that I in tended putting the salt3 to hpr nose. The mere mention of this operation with the fictitious bottle would cause that child of un natural sleep to steal her hand over her nose, to strongly resist the removal of her hand (I suppose I shall bs tcld that was . a muscular fit. It fits in well my evidence), to duck her head round and bnry her face in the pillow, to corerher face with her arms, to actually pull up the bedclothes over her face. The mere act of sliding one's hand along the pillow with any of the bottles mentioned above was quite enough to make the child frown and flinch, and as the hand approached to well cover'up her nose it actually caused her to open her left eye one night. I can explain.. why he* left eye, but it will take toolongforthialetter. On one night I sprinkled lampblack on the flopr, and the ghosl actually blackened the child's knuckles. I am prepared to swear to this. ?-.-? ;.- ....... . .????'? : ?-??? lam, 8ir,&c;, ' .' . , ... W. A. JONES, i BIflckrocb.: ..; .?_,-. ?.. ..?-.. -;;,:' ,-t- » : ''Lab by' as a Cleek of Legation. — Henry Labouchere, editor of Truth and member of Parliament, was for several years after, the American war Secretary of the English Legation in 'Washington. He is re membered there as a very bright aad a very wild young man. He knew everybody and figured in society of all grades. His Bohemian instincts led him to all sorts of adventure's and brought him into large notoriety. His abounding humour frequently developed into practical jokes. One' day a rather .green member of CougreES called at the Legation and asked if he could see the Minister. ' You can see me ; I 3m his Secretary,' Baid Labouchere. 'But I want to see the Minister,' said ths Congressman. 'The Minister is not in.' ' All right, I'll wait for him.' ' Certablj', £tr ; have a seat.' The Congressman took a chair snd a newspaper, 'lighted a cigar and settled down for a com fortable time of it. , An hour passedL , He turned to. Laboachere, v?ho Eat reading' a novel, and asked— 'Do you know when he will be back V ' I do not,' was the cart reply. The Confrressmsn lighted another cigar and strolled about the office ',untU another hour was gone. 'Do you think he will be back this evening?' 'Hardly.' '.To- morrow?' 'I guess opt.' 'Well, when will he probably be .here?' 'Really, sir, I can not tell yon. The Minister sailed for England yesterday, and did not indicate when, he in tended to return,' replied Labouchere, 'with- out lifting his eyes from his book. ...'?'.. . . The largest British 'garrison at anyf orejgp or colonial station is tbat'which holds Malta. - We have there just, now 5,890 officers .and men, whilst at Gibraltar the total number is .pnly 5.15Q, or S3 more .than.. the /total, number 'of our troopa-in Egypt at the pfesent time. 