THE CONTRIBUTOR. A TALE OF ADVENTURE. 1 had bean living in what was in the ante bellum days the Eden of the South, tho Mary land Settlement, for about two years when the spirit of unrest caine upon me, and I deter mined to try the rough and adventurous life of a pioneer in the as yet untrodden depths of tho cane brakes of the Louisiana swamps. Having the force to spare from my Mississippi planta tion, I drafted twelve picked hands of both sexes, and with a very simple outfit of tents, provisions and tools packed upon three horses crossed the Mississippi at Rodney, plunged boldly into that vast wilderness, tho abode of the black bear and the all'gator, which forms for hundreds of miles the western shore of tho father of waters. My objective point was a large cane brake on Choctaw Bayou, not far from its junction with the Tensas Hivcr, and my only way to reach it was by a cattle trail and tbe aid of a compass. The trail was too narrow for wheels, and we had many deep bayous with precipitous banks to cross. My negroes, who had already followed me near a thousand miles from Maryland, and had acquired a fondness for a vagabond life, started ont in high s pints on this fresh migration to the unknown land, and tho ten-mile march over afineroad, through a well settled country to Bodney, where we were ferried across the river, was enlivened with negro songs and the lively straiusfrom the fiddle of ono John Boots, agray- haircd, bow-legged little negro, who cumulated upon himself tho varied functions of carpenter, minstrel," wit and buffoon of tho plantation : but after crossing the river, as we penetrated deeper and deeper into the wilderness, its gloomy grandeur, its solemn stillness and the waving banners of funeral-like Spanish moss, together with the sight of a couple of large alligators, disturbed in crossing tho first bayou, bad a depressing effect upon the lively but superstitious darkies, tlieir gaiety gradually died, away, their step lost its spring aud they crept along like victims to some unknown but fatal doom ; even bow-legged Boots, the irre pressible fun maker, became as solemn as the revered Dismal Horror, preaching tbe damna tion of little children. This depression of spirits was destined to culminate that night in a paroxysm of fright and horror such as my poor darkies had never experienced before, and from which it took them a long time to recover. It happened in this wise. Having been unex pectedly compelled to bnild a rudo bridge by felling somo trees across a narrow but deep bayou, by which that country is intersected, night overtook ns before wo could reach our destination, and wo were compelled to bivouac in the midst of what is called a "hurricane," through whichjthotrail passed. A "hurricanc"is the most impenetrable of all jungles, and is formed by the passage of a cyclone through the forest. The trees ore not uprooted as by ordinary storms; but their tops are snapped off and fall to the ground, forming, together with tho semi-tropical vegetation which - springs up among tbem, a sort of vegetable chaos, impene trable to all but wild beasts and reptiles, which find in it a safo retreat ; tbe tree trunks are all left standing stripped of their bark, and by moonlight look like an army of gigantic phantoms ; it was in such an uncanny scene as this that wo wero compelled to pass tho night. Our tiros wero kindled, and our frugal supper despatched when the full orbed moon ascended from behind a black curtain of huge cypress trees, and its light, reflected from tho white trunks upstanding in the " hurricane," made the surroundings still moro ghastly. Simultaneously with the rising of tho moon, there broke forth an uproar ot discordant sounds sufficient to shake the nerves of the strongest man unawaro of its cause. It could only be compared to the slirioks of maniacs in a bedlam and tbo howl- rags of the damned in the bottomless pit all combined. The terror of my sable followers it would be impossible to describe. They crowded around me and seemed to think that their only chance of salvation was in clutchingmy person. In vain I explained to them that the clamor was produced by harmless owls. Iu fact, every ono of those lofty etumps in the "hurricane" had become the pedestal for an owl, and these owls seemed to he unlimited in number aud iu spe cies, and each seemed to bo vying with the other in making tho night hideous with dis cordant sounds. I at last hit upon an expedient for getting rid of the nuisance and pacifying tlio ncgyoes. A large horned scoundrel, bolder than his fellows, perched himself upon a lofty stump within easy rango of my gun. His " boo 1 hoot" and" ha 1 ha! ba I" ia a basso- profundo tone, appeared to be designedly uttered for our annoyance, and I determined to get rid of him, coute yiu coutc. Though, as a rule, 1 never trouble the favorito bird of the goddess of wisdom, the owl is too useful to be wantonly destroyed, I felt obliged to sacrifice this fellow. Waiting until tho increasing light of tho moon threw him into distinct relief, I easily settled his hash with a load of No. 6. Instantly, as if by magic tho horrible clamor was succeeded by tho most profound stillness, interrupted at rare intervals by tho distant hollowing of a bull alligator and tho welcome and familiar cry of tho whip-poor-will. Comparative calm was re stored to ourbivouac.hut not an eye was closed in Bleep ; tho negroes gathered in a compact group and passed the remaiuder of the night in tolling ghost stories, to which, I confess, I listened with ns much interest as any of them. Anxioos to get away from our sinister surroundings daylight found us up prepared to resume our march, and early in the forouoon wo reached our destination, a section of land entirely covered with cano, ond here I pitched my tents mid way between a small but deep lake, or 'rather tarn, land tho bank of tho bayou, giving the hands a holiday in consideration of thoir terrors rf th„ night before. I tied np my dogs and taking my largo bore English riflo sallied ont for a still hunt and to explore my surroundings and I was rejoicod to find in every direction abun dant signs of black bear, door and wild turkeys and within a quarter of a mile of my location' and I without taking the usual precautions of tho still, hunter, lad the good fortuno to bring down a noble buck, with his horns yot in the velvet, and therefore ia tbo highest condition a most welcome additipn to our camp larder which as yet contained nothing but f4t bacon' and on my return I had the additional gratification to find a great pile of fish, buffalo, cat and perch, and a large loggerhead turtle, all taken by tho negroes, who, all bred on tide water, were horn anglers. This relioved ino of all anxioty as to tho abun dance and variety of my commissariat. As for bread, meal aud groceries I would have to go for that myself with a pack horse, whenever it might bo needed, to tho river bank, 8 or 10 miles away. The next morniug we went to work in earnest. A forco of men, under Boots, tho carpenter, went off out to cut cypress lumber for the cabins which were to supersede tho tents, and the remainder of the hands were put to cutting down tho cane, a labor which thoy appeared to enjoy. As for myself, my time was given to exploration, hunting and fishing, and when it is considered that a familv of 13 laboring people were never with out an abundance of fresh meat or fish, all tho produce of my rod and gun, it will be admitted that I was not tho most inefficient laborer of the lot. And so we got along quite cheerfully for some days, until one evening about an hour by sou Mr. Carpenter Boots aud his gang of lumbermeu came rushing into camp, frightened out of their wits, stating they wero pursued by tho devil. People not familiar with the eons of Ham have an idea that a black man can't blush or turn pale. If they had seen my man Boots, who was naturally as black as tho ace of spades, thoy would have seen a negro literally the color of grey ashes, and with teeth clattering like a pair of castanets in the bands of a Spanish gitana. After a deal ot cross questioning, 1 ascertained that their fright and stampede was caused by the visit of a harmless black bear, attracted by the odor of a picco of middling broiling oulhe coals. I ridiculed them for their cowardice, and told ihcin that if the story got out that four strong men, all armed witli axes, had run away from a bear, the women would laugh at them, and they would never hear the last of it, and that if it evor occurred again they would be jumping out of the fryingpan into the fire, for they would most assuredly got nine and thirty, and that well laid on, when I found it out, and that the punishment should bo inflicted in the presence of all the womeu in the camp. Two or three days after this all the cane-cutters, men and women, were stampeded iu their turn by a bear, which rushed, as much trightened as they were, no doubt, out of the hollow of a largo tree trunk, which lay concealed by the standing cane. I concluded that both stampedes had been caused by tho same beast, aud he had made his den some where in my closo vicinity, and I determined at once to make every effort to get rid of so troublesome a neighbor. I had with me four dogs, all of the same litter, au accidental cross between a plucky, stout wire-haired terrier and U lUVUilbU 1UAUUUUU UlhV,Us nut UUlllig iUi mongrels, I had intended to drown the whole litter, hut a friend living on the Mississippi side of the big river, where there were still somo bears left volunteered to take them home and train them as bear dogs— the cross was a fortunate bit, for at 18 months old those four puppies could not be matched on bear in the whole State. Fortunately for me, just after I had made up my mind to go into the swamp, but before 1 went away my friend sold his plan tation and I got hack the dags, as he bad no longer any use for them. 1 had been oat with them within a week after my arrival in the swamp ; they soon found a bear quite near tbe house and gavo me a fine cry, hut soon ran out of my hearing, and I found it impossible to follow them on foot, and tho saddle, from the many bayous, was out of tho question. One Sunday, however, about two weeks after, as I was fishing in tho Bayou, a man came paddling down who claimed to bo my neighbor, living on the same water about six miles above mo. Ho said he had heard of my arrival aud had called to make my acquaintance and offer mo his neighborly service ; his name wasGoodrick; he was a good follow, and an expert at bear hunting. I told him of my success in that line, and askod him to como down with his dogs and holp me to kill my too familiar Bruin. On the day appointed ho came down iu a row-boat with tire hard-looking mongrels, which turned out to be really first-class bear dogs, knowing how to nip old Bruin in the rear and to keep out of the way of his tremen dous blows and fatal hugs.. My neighbor lodged with me that night, and after an early breakfast next morning we took the field with our dogs, which, united, made an excellent pack of nine. Not far away we struck tho hot trail of a bear, tbe tracks of wbicli. much resembling the footprints of a gigantic negro, showed him to be of unusual 6ize, In a few minutes he was " bounced" and went away straight through the thickest of the cane at an awkward rolling gallop that surprised mo by its speed. Goudrick and I followed after at our best pace, hut as it was on foot and through a dense cover of cane, I found it tho hottest and hardest work I had over undertaken, and I determined then and there that in that style of bear-hunting the pleasure did not compensate for tho tremendous exertions required, aud that 1 would give it up unless I. could find somo easier method, which, in fact, I did as soon as I got familiar with tho country. Our bear, in this instance, clung to tho corcr of the cane as long as ho could, doubling about ot no great distance from us aud rushing through the deuso, stiff growth with as much ease as if it had been a wheat held. On two occasions ho came quite closo to where we wero standing, making & noiso as ho tore through liko a young cyclone but though within 20 yards wo did not get a glimpse of him. At last the dogs mode the placo too hot for him, and ho broko away in a straight lino and was soon ont of hearing. Goodrick, who know tbo swamp as well as ho didthe palm of his hand, anticipated tho course he would take, and, bidding mo follow him, took a short cut to a point which he knew he wonld pass to gain the hurricane, where he would have been comparatively safe ; hut as wo neated the pomt we were aiming at the cry of Who pack reached ns ; again, and presently tho music changed into fierce, savage yells, indicat ing the quarry had been brought to buy. With 0 t0'i WV .Ue?led tbrouSh the dense angle, under a heat of 90 deg. or more, to the spot, where wo were rewarded by one of the most extraordinary and. dramatic scenca that wi ih wCi t / Vo of a hunter. There stood, w, „ , to a.!flree Si»n tree, on his hind and apparently 6 feet high, ono of tho most horrible, objects lever beheld; an enor mous beast almost denuded of hair, and so reduced m flesh as to suggest a skeleton Tho " «r4V" health and cSadition, wo«3d lire tipped tho scales at 300 lb., bat now bo was a w«h UMsmaeare n' v. A? hc 5,ood tbet<h J with his ears thrown back, his small black oyes flashing fire, bis red twiTT5 and his great white tusks saap£, n11? trap, I thought he was ono otTl f a !l«l ablo bensts I had ever cnconni. ,st fo»il. dogs, too, which while of his blows, formed a close cifeln beril<l with their bristling ha!" $ S transformed into so manv wild Si««l beasts, The pack kept fa?ono Bhl> us a fair shot at the boast without 2 5c,i any oftheir number. Wo fired simlu at the ncek and Goodrick at tlw the creature foil so dead as not , ?!' dogs in his death struggles, Tlio JBre " always iu such cases pilo in on their t were immediately whipped off to a Lv 'fe contracting the disease from which thi i 1 i was suffering ; but the only benefit wi a 1 from our exertions was the dostiJr ,'!l B troublesome varmint; for the rl.-? » i was too disgusting to be touchcd.-j '- i-V B and ! arm. >> B 