REAPING THE WHIRLWIND. Dear Sir, — I am astonislrod at the great speed with which our mails from homo now reach us. My periodicals for tho 1st of September wore de livered to mo on tho 1st of October, only one month from London. From these, I gather tho following, relative to' tho hurvost our nation is reaping for hor costly sow ing atMaynooth,in paying a high price to teach the priests) 10 leuuu tuuou peupiu iu uu me ioiiowiug things all over our Protestant nation. " At Westport Petty Sessions in August three young mon were charged with having violently assaulted a young lady who accom panied a Protestant Sunday school excursion a fow days ago. The children were attacked and stoned by mobs of Roman Catholics, because they carried a Union Jack. One young lady, tho daughter of a magistrate, was seriously injured by a stone. Tho Crown Solicitor prosecuted." Every priest in New South Wales iB now teaching overy Roman Catholic to do to us, juBt the same, when thoy can do.it without endanger ing their own liveB ; as the following will demonstrate. " The Bull in "Coena Domini," which is in force in England, says, " We excommunicate and curse, on the part of Almighty God, Fathor, Son, and Holy Ghost, . . . . all horctics, and all who favour and defend them, and all schismatics who secede from obedience to us and to tho Roman Pontiff for the time being." Archbishop Doyle swore, in his examination, that the effect of this Bull is that all "countenance, saluation, fellow ship, and food or hospitality must be denied to every one who is not in full obedience to tho popo." In other. words, he must be "boycotted." That, is one of the laws of tho Roman Church, and it is enough to provo thnt the Church of Rome iB not " manifested as the Church of God." — Monthly liecord of the Protestant Evan. Mission. How our Govornor and his lady can encourage these traitors to her Majesty, I am at a loss to know. What is the use of their charities, with this prinoiple of murder and death underlying the whole of their constitution. If any priest withdraws his heart and hand from these principles of the Church of Rome, he is excommunicated, as the following will prove : — Father M'Glynn, New York, hnd been sum moned by the pope to appear in Rome. ThiB, he refused to do, and he was consequently oxcom- m indented. The New York Herald tells us he has been cheered by thousands of people, 'all ask ing his blessing. Will tho pope excommunicato the lot ? How long will our nation pay these priests two millions per year to. teaoh- their people to do thnt whioh costs five million per year more, to prevent, or undo ? This harlot of Rome costs England eight millions per annum to feed her, and keep hor in order, I remain, dear sir, Your's vory truly,. DANIEL ALLEN, Pastor. Sydney, October 6th, 1887. 