THE'BED THAT COULD NOT BE:MOVED. Br W. W. FENN. I was always Iaonenied by qnoidenors, presentimenta, and strange, unaooountable I tales. I always enjoyed reading or hear. log of them, and fcr years upaspird to be the hero of one. Hlouo of relaxation without a good senstional tale or ghost story were shorn of half their restltl 1 b-:fitl. 0! coursa I oew all the tricks of the ghostly romaneoa by heart; I was I up to all his acoient houses, tapestried i ohambers, old pictures, furniture, seoat, I panels, and the lihke; but they amused me none the lehs, and at one time I my only wirh was for some personal ex periaens amongst eanh surroundings. It never came, however, and waen at last there did happtn to me a startling ad- t venture, it was amidst. -ite stances the i most prosaio and commonplace, having for a backgronnd nothing more roºantia and I weird than a newly-er€c:ed suburban ad a 'Jerry.built' house. SYes, it was in suth an unpromling plane, and under most mater--ffset eonditions, that I passed through an experience of which, even to this day, I cannot think without a thudder. Not that i; was a ghostly form of the terrible, and, thoogh unnatural, could not be said to be sopernatural; buht it was sufficiently appalling to be classed with I any romance of dark deeds and singular escapes. My business took me entirely out of the region of romance. I had never had a chance of passing a night in a hannted house or room, and, as my elodirs in that direction led me only to look in smob places for what I hoped to find, I was perhaps less prepared for what happened. IIt name about in this fashion. The Volunteer movement had just commeneed, Sand I, like other able bodied younostcrs. enlisted in the cause with consilerabe enthusiasm. Five-and-twenty years ago, those who had more money and leisure than the rest were naturally thougha the fittest to undertake commands, without munh regard to anything else. tiers and there exceptions, however, were made to this unwritten rule, and I was one of these, for certainly I had no money. I do not want to appear egoititicl; but I had a turn for soldiering, was emart, quick, and fairly well set op. I soon acquired pro fieienoy soffcient to justify quick promo lion, and are long I found myself captain ef my company. It was said I had the asking in me of a good soldier. I obeyed to the letter, and expectled others to do the same. Authority, however, was often disputed on parades. The position of an oflier, therefore, who knew what be was talking about, was not always an enviable one. Mine was not, for I am hasty and peppery, and seldom measured my words to the rank and file; bot in the main I do not think I was unpopular, and I certainly had no idea that I was sowing the eCeds of enmgeful Ill-will. One young fellow there was, however, who displayed a very tur blent spirit, and perhsps I might have Sdoubted him. But after one or atwo n. seemly disputes, in our relative capacities of esptain nod private, be, like others of his temper, left the corps, and I utterly forgot his existenoe and his name. After two years, the persistent cold shoulder turned by the nuthorities of the War Office towards the vloauseers, as is well known, had a very cooling effect upon their enthuiasem. Many of the regiments dwindled visibly; the earnest men became \- disgstted, and the indifferent threw op what little interest they might originally have saken in the movement I was amongst the former, and when by decrees the numbers became so reduced that the whole affair was fast growing farieoal I, too, reslgned, and \- retired for a while into private life. Regret fully Yes, for I had grown fond of soldier Stog. Stilt, I aw that, unless the movement was planed on a very different footing, the position of a private was far preferable to that ot an offoer; indeed, was the only becoming one for a citizen-soldier to hold. This feling led me eventually to join another corps in that capacity. I enjoyed the shooting, the exercise, the drill; refoaing all efferesof promotion, content to play the bomble and obscure part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. When the third year of this service was drawing to its close, there came round a certain Easter time, bringing with it, acoarding to custom, the Volunteer Revieo?. I cared little for these military promoen ade . con. triboting, as they then did. to little else than pomp and vanity; buhot I thooeht I would attend this one, which wae to be hell in the neighbourhood of Gcldchesler, my blrthplace, away up in the llidlade, but to which I hli not been for eighteen year. I thoun?h I should like to visit the cdd and cone femilior spot I heard it had improved and grown into a large manufacturing town, and I was carios,. if not sentimental, on n'- eobj-et. -My finanres, however, wsra Inf, and, although I knew I c?old ro inerpenrively eenobh for the three dayl with ?ce regiment. Iwanoted a longer and more onioterr:opei time at the plase in order to give my coriosity. and sooh sentiment as I "ad, full play, Si I determined to spend a werk in the torn en the abeap, and join hend qunoar:r when they arrived there. A large, wild, and oven tract el heath ond moorland, for which the neiehbourhuod ao. distinguishabed, effered a s!lendid battle-.gonoo for the amatenr soldiers, and this, la loreer days, had been a favourite bhant of mine .Now, I was told, the suburb, cI Galdahe.ter extealed nearly to the skirtes of this moor, and I settled that I would try and fiod a lodging on that side of the town. Well, I arrived on the Monday aftefroun preceding the Good Friday, and mnde straight to carry out my iteotion, bhat when I had threaded my way th?torgh what were formerly the limi? of the toon in the direutlon cf the mocr, I simpaly Ic.; myself. Grown and shalred, indud. was everything, with lines of oew street,, tamors, and bustle, whbero once had been green lanes; but eveooa:lv I Eat clear of the's and found myself io the ne suburb Theoetklrts ot mnufc?trieng toons are seldom so ceeerfol and pye-o as tOhe: happ'nrd to he, and althogh tlc:oe .t so ntlinished lock about the moos recently, bail; rstreets and rows of hos~e, ono al though these were in themlesa-e eon3:3aht mean and eseotislly ,l sery- btii,' tov were notcctly only. Teir inotruoon upon the greenery of Netora had spr.l l cny fies treaos and delulers of tc a wnuvon interminglling pleasantly with the brecks and mootnr, velled and o'te elo.thj Iunr.ot obtruieercss of the preten:icu arehiteo:arel liatr' A .u:.:ly b-,d a.lt Fpttt. ::ver, w;llow-.eriaoed aod ruh-morgqi.d, likeowise lent aonsiderable at:ractia to the dnstriot throgh which it wou?td in roany a p' torosqve *sweCep and beno. Th* rav c hbeJ·e. in on of which I took op my abode, backed on to this river, down to theb anks of hibch ran title carrowrtrips of gardreo, from th rear co te bolldiogs, whilel their wooDtd charoeter afforded a bright and cheerfal on: lok lfom the windowo. Taere were not more than hall-a-dozon dwellingqs in Chester Terr,-e, as it modestly called itself, sand Wbhenl firest same upon it and eaw the words, SApartments for a tingle Gea!lemua.' in the window of an end hon.e, I d.:ermie-t at once to negotfte for them. Indeed there was no choice, for at the next door-the na only other oceopied tenement-there was ri nuthing to let; the row did not appear to to have teen finished more than a few weeks. m; The landlord was at home when I knochkd. o and a brase plate on the door informed me ei that his name was Caretaok, engineer and lt surveyor the a-t dor, too, numbor five, hat another plate on it with the namoe, t ' 'Mr. Rsphsel Caretsak, Surgeon, etc.' In 0 reply to my inquiry, the engineer b g;ed q me to walk in. lIs was rf'uiveely polite, a but his voice was harsh, unpleasant, and o not withu.o a fains foreign accent. It ' Woul I be so good as to look at the 1 rooms!-oo the first floor, back and front He was sure he woold make me comfortable. h Hi daughter in-law was an exodllent cook a -she lived noxt door with her hbsabnd. and I I camein and out to a'tend upon lodgers' The terms telog low, I went ups:aire to inspect. A comfortable eitting.rom with 0 bed-room adjoining behind, both simply bht a neatly furnished; she bed alone cahling for any special mention. It was somewhat F peculiar.locking, from being very lo., ironI withouot hanging, and for a single person, t I agree to eagae the aparime??s for th inside of a fortnight. 'You barve acme to take part in our great t a military display. sir?' said Mr. Caratack, t watching me as I stood my rifle in a corner e and unslung my konapsac, for of course I e was in uniform, and in heavy c.arching t order- rather more heavy perhaps than d1 breame a soldier. 'Ah! it will be afrioe a diploy-good p:at:ice and excellent trsin-g. I e It is an admirable movement, this. My son is a Voluateer and a capital shot, but he has I i, not much time- doetors are busy men.' 1 I expressed eatlisac:ian, and the voluble e andlord continued : ' As you are here so soon, you will perhaps r .t enter the r.fle ompetltion, wh!eh takes place t this week on the moor. There are many I I- prizes-some very valuablhe, and open to all. - Scomars., some. r 'Ah indeed!' I said; 'Iam glad to know I that. Certainly I shall go In tao a little I , shooting. There should be an excelleont I range to be foond on the moor.' S0 ! yes, first rate, air ; but exose me, t, you seem to speak as if you knew the place. t, You are, perhaps. no stranger!' t ' No; I know Goalchteter years ago.' n 'Really? Do you know many of the I, inhibitante!' I No; I eanpect not now. Most of those I h knew are dead, and others would not I z remember me.' 'It is long, then, since youn were here? e Many years perhaps?' cootinued Carstark, a inquisitively, and eyeing me furtively. 'Aud d your name, sir! your name might be known, n it not yoorself ' a 'My name is Garratt-Bichard Garratt,' I, I answered, ' but I doubt it any of my family it are to be found m Goldches:er now.' He appeared struok by the name, started to at it almost, and then regarded me more coriously than ever. 'But now, perhaps, you will get me some ' thing to eat,' I wEnt on, a little cored by the t man's curiosity and manner. I had rapidly made up my mind that I did not like him. e e had a alaister aspect and a had face, though he was fairly gsod.looking; dark, about silty, and decidedly not wholly o Englieb. The effet my name prodated on him set me wondering if I couold remember his as connected with the town and after a a bit 1 did seem to reeover a dim memory of it. Y Te; it certainly was associated somehow } with my early days, buhot too vaguely to give me a lead as to any circumislances connected 0 with it. I am naturally taoi:orn, and on his oecasion I felt unusually depressed. The return to the old place, the recollections it brought back, and the relerence the man had a made to my possible acquaintances in it, ° revived memories not exhilarating. S So after awhile I went forth for a stroll le while my meal was preparing. In the coore d of the ramble, I came across the head. a quarters of the local corps, where a placard o announced, with the fall particulars of the y rules, entries eta., that the przrac for the 0t Grand I'. fl Competition on Golds:one Moor r were 'now on view.' I read, became interested, and went into the building. I determined to enter myself at least for the ' All-comer'' Piaze-a handsome silver-gilt goblet, with a purse of tw:nty sovereigns. I and there it stood amongst others on a sort t of counter in front of me. I thought I should like to pull that off; it would be very d aeptable, and I was prepared to back my e skill. I did so, by paving the necessary Semall fees to to the attendant, had my name I I and that of my corps entered in the official I Slist of competitore, and then looked over it. a Amongst them was the name of Baphael I t Caretack, doubtless that of my landlord' son. the doctor. e The shooting was to take place on the two e following days, so I determined that I would I I not give way to the sad memories which the d neichbourhood revived, and that I ahould infinitely prefer two or three days on the open, breezy moor, after all, to sperding it ehem in wandering about the now, to me, a lonely streets. 0 Everything was satisfactory and comfort. y ab:e at the lodgings, but the bedstead still d attracted my attention. When stooping to er look at it, I tried to push its head close op to i0 the wall; to my amazement I found it could 'I not be moved. The short legs were riveted re to the floor. Was there ever such a queer ir arrangement! And what could be its purpose! It stood isolated, facing the 0s window, but, as I say, not with ira head a close to the wall; the sparo of a foot at t least was between. Well, I could not make l it out, so I turned in and slept soundly. 0' I may note that a second door in the room 0 aspieared to communicate with the next Shouse, hbut had no lock nor any sign of hf.o':eniog on my side. It seemed to be a E.xtore, eolid and without any apparent cns o!a bheing opened. I The next morning I could not refrain from or ques:ioniog the young woman-the daughter n in law-who served my breakfast, about the IC bed. She appeared unable, certainly un. :. willing, to erpatiate on the euhject. It was '.9 o invention of her fathec's; be was Slwaye ionventnlog one thing or anothar-eha . dido't unterestan them. A comely, intelli. _r.ot, but cad and scared lookieg woman, Y. rrat, handy, and attractive, but not qoite 00 :fe stamp one expects to3 find in the wilr 'n , a medicel ma; nor di her ozooponion SLoreonile wi:hher posl:ion. Ai she was s~ho: tI leave thk room she glsontd baCk at :I', aOt, pa;tiog her dIoge to hor li;, claid, Slowerin her voice: ' Do jT auk abot that bed, air. Don't eCr 'ec ruprisaed at it. Take my advice.' e The., walkiog close up to me, kse whim. EIr ved: 'Kemp good frienos with them-my r. /litrr and hsband I mean,' S:::otid and .orprised for a moment, I did oet rp -k, and the was again abhot to leave :n tie room when I called her bahk peremp do terily. 'What do yon mean!' I asked. 'I keep ik good frienda with everybody, I hops; your cc Iloher and ?ohuebandl are not likely to give me . nsua to break my babit, I coppose ?' as 'Ih ope not; botthey are daogeroos to qoorrel with.' en 'ow long have you been moried!' o 'Not air macths, and I wih I'd e1err b reen him' 're D? your hbsband ill treat you?' ' .ot quilte that; very near. Bat I'm m a'railo f them both.' y. Tesrsweresterting in hereyes, and she I mEo.lm on the point of onburthening her nt nli furb;her when a foota:ep in the psasagi S ovloaws osnible, and eke flew from the 3 room like afrightened hare. ry 'l8:fiiently mystglt m all this,' I thoght S'nl nat reaosarting. I most keep my eyes il open.' Then, oia not quite comfortabls fr marr ofm alml, I prepared roe my shooting el expejlition, sehoutldered myrifi, oand in the r, coarse of half'ao.hour found myslf one of 50 maoy etregglers who were wendi?g their l way towards the rfle-range. A- bright and lovely spring morning. 5\. oithout wind, and with a soft. sbdued, yet ed clonr light, Is was all that a goo, shot eould eh loire. I do not linger to describe the he cncen. The arrangements were orderly, and id conodoted after the usal mansoner of soah to- glthering. Volunerelfrom m various neigh ou bhoriog corps made up the squads of cr competitors for the various prizes at various od rnctle. Some were entirely composed of the ue, uniforms helo.gi'g to the Goldcheeter com in Ip"y, na?l two or three of the.s eventally rd I i.oor':ih .h. eho 'lh rar"y fcr ehe al :0 comers' prize, In whIch I'wns conctoed, Onr names sad q?ti?ftitoon attested, and our I rifles defy examined, after the eustomary loose and happy-g-.locki system, or want of system. which was adopted in those days, we marched to the range to oharge of a militia eergeJnl, and went through iho preliminary dasges I the otmpe:itioa. All this I paes over. It is enough that, in the nour e of the afternoon, I .ad three others stood out as the four highest so rree, quallifd to shoot flf th l.eat stage Three others, and as their names were called out, I noted that of R.phael Caretack. Oon look left no doubt that he was tae son of his father-as like his as he could stare-aod statre he did at me cnaiserably. Nor die I fail to return hbs g.ze, for is had gradually grown upon mo that I know hai face. At last I caught it, but only joet before we had arrived at the ceitical moment of the ooate:t fie an I had made the two higheot soare. out of the four with a tie, aoJ were about to shoot it nff, at eightbuudre1l verdi. H"iwae to fire fist, and as hb dropped on his knee in pelition, he gave me about as malia.ous a look as hbm,n eyes are opeable of, and it was that look which told .e where I had seen him before. He was tntt young reealcitrant fellow to my old company who had iu.ulted me on parae five years ao! Surely an ominous coincidenca this-e-n being brought together ag.iu under these citaoaootanoee- and in more direct Oppoeition tian ever I Whretor his temper, stirred by his old animosity and il.croaed by our present position, afoIc:ed his shooting, I In not know. But i, his fire rounds he failed to score waat was possible by some three or four paints-she conseequeoo being that I went in, beat him easily, and was pronounced winner of the prize. The venom in hid eyes, it is needless to say, was not dlmtniebed after this, nor did any nivil effort of mine at ooa-liatloo afaet it. I thought it btter not to reflr to the past-be appeared to do the same. The few words we exchanged referred almost exuluaively to the business on hand; and although I made some referenoe tomy htving takeoup myabode under his father's roof, he ignored that fact, being too muoh ocaopied to tie meal he was making off nis own heart with disgust, morttlieation, and hatred of me. for having snatched the goblet and the twenty pounds from his greap. At the end of the day, at I retarn:d to the lodgings, I thought to myself: ' Well, whatever his young wife may have meant, fate has ordained that I shonli fly in the very face of her advice I' I had quarrelled most effectually with one member of her family, and by no fault of my own. As bed time arrived, my mind naturally reverted more than ever to the girl's reticence about that immoveable bedstead. and I gave it closer examinateon. Tois showed me that the legs dropped into little sockets or holes in the floor, and could not beltIed out of them. This looked as if it might be connected with the room beneath. Then what was beneath ? Merely the ground floor back-the landlord's sleeving ap.art ment. The window overlooked the garden behind. Spring twilight stil lingered to the sky, and, as I looked out, I saw father and eon down at the end of t e garden among the buahes close to the river. They were bota attentively regarding my window at the inslant I drew up the blind. Weor they saw me they faced round, as if di.liking being caught spying. There was nothing in alt this, very likely ; yet after what had passed it was not to be overlooked. Again Isoon turned in, but did not sleep well At first I was strangely restless, and later heavily drowsy and dream.troubled. Young Carstaok and his father appeared to be etanaing on either side of the bed. and then one became my own father-long dead. Then they both stooped over me, and they both had my father's face close to mine. Then I was out on the moor by the butts- firing was going on, bullets whizzed round my head; one struck me on the arm. and I Ssaw in the distance that it had been fired by ycung Caretack. He was aiming at me again I In my frantic efforts to get under shelter I awoke. This sort of thing seemed to go on more or less all night, but when up and dressed I did not feel much the worse. There awaited me on the breakfast table a somewhat bolky envelope, containing a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at home, to whom I had sent my address the I night of my arrival in Chester Terrace. As I was ahoot to tear the outer envelope I noticed that it was soiled, and on a closer scrutiny it looked very much as if it might hare been damped and opened after it had I been etuck down. Yes. it certainly had been tampered with. Again. I fancied that the 1 esclo-ure,s long blue envelope like a lawver's, t had been treated in the same way. How ever. I did not stop to consider, for I was ignorant of the handwriting and carious to Slearn the contente. I was not acaeslomed to receive lawyer's letters. Well indeed might I I hare bten ourlous, for the donmeont announced that, most unexpectedly. a certain i valuable property, astually in Goldobhester itself, had been left me by an uncle just deceased. It had belonged to my father, but. through some irregular technicality in his I will. had not devolved upon me at his death as I knew it ought to have done. Ten years ago I had had a lawanit about this property. I and lost it. And now here it was beqoeathed I to me I My uonle and I had qoarrelled over it. and had not met foryeare. I did not know s till this moment even where he had been living. And now it turned out he had lived I and died In Goldchester, and had been buried t the day before my arrival. The letter eams from a local lawyer, had been sent to my home,and forwarded thence so me here again at Goldcheeter. Stranger still, and yet still t ssranger-the property consisted of the very f land on which this new suburb, with Chester a Terrace in the centre of it. had been built. t Tois discovery, arrived at only after close and attentive perusal of the letter now in my o hand, literally took my breath away. Toe bare facts here condeneed mast be aerepted E as enstiient, briefly to explain a very com plicated osiness. Bos they are the facts, t and that is all that is wanted. a I did not spend that day at the rille range, a as may be geasrei. It was mainly passed in the eolioitor's ofBfi, and with him in visiting .my oeole's rsidenoe-a new hoase reeently e built on the estate. A ehildlaes, lonely, non r loved old man, the soliailor seemed to have a been nearly his only friend. That geneleman, in the oOrse of onor long econfsbulation, told me many things 1, oterlong him; ons matter espe.ially aidingcouslderably to the aoriosne oinci tdenaee wtoch had already ssoclated me with the Carstacha. It seems that my unnle's will, by which I inherited, had 7 been made four years previoulsy, be that abouts woek before his death, he had had d another drawn, which he, fortunately for eme, had not sinned. By it he had lebt \- I that notable estate to none other than young Mr. Raphael Crsltack, the doeltor who had p been attnedtng him ever since he settled in Sthe neighbourhood. e 'He is a sharp, ktawiug fellow, that,' said the lawyer, 'and anqoired greest in. floe scce over your uncle. I am only saroried that he did uot take ears to see that the will was etxceated. Idrew both op the dooe r menls, and have them in my possession, and I was daily enpecting so be sommsned to the old gentleman with his second one, that he Smight sign it. It is .strange how people csange their minds. Four years sgo, when abe was first ill, yoonr anrle was keenly anxious that you should have the property-made 5 yeo his exonutor with me-told me he Sregretted having availed himself of the legal insoooraoy, which gave it to him Instead of I to you. Tnea this young doctor got hold of a him, melsmelrised hlble, s one may sly, I sop. Spose, for a while, and induced him to alter ; at dispoitdion of hi, wealth ; and yet the n ld Sman sonlt not make up his mind to die' 1 poases yoo. Anyway, you have nolbing to rhacbk the doltor for-nor he, yanu. for the matter of that-there will be no lore lost between you.' I ~no indese.,' I enclaimd, and then I rc. I oonoted to the siloltor my oxperienUei of a the Carstsc an-ly. 'ee,' he said 'i isi very odd, ertainly, Sthat you going Ihorn as the lodger, should aneually, while under thebir roofl, be trans formed into the ground landlord of ths whole a etate.' SWell,' I s*d, I think I shall morve my traps. Tae sooner I get away the batter now, rememboring what Mrs. Raphael Car' Ink senid; for, let'ing alone the .heet..g epulneo.I aold not nare more thonemOly inmourred toee doctor's autmoity t han by ounatin him out of the property.' 'Perhaps it would be as well,' said the lawyer.' fo, to tell you the truth, neither father not son is quite beyond suspicioa. the elder man originally lived in a very low part of the town. and came there no one exetly knows when or why. roere is a roamut r..in at one tame in his life ne wos keps in retiroment for ils oOntry'e good, and although his son is luly qual fled to [ prsoeise, it as said that, as a mIdioal student to LO3doO, he was connected with some Sproosesor of mesmserm and spirit rapping, a oharlatan woo had to mate I blmself aoaCre. I should never oe a.tomshed to hear Csoa this fellow a nee to do the Came some day. He I hie little or no pra:;ice-seems to be very needy,an I have heard that he sad ia fasser took o?es, two a.j ioing hoosee io SCne.ter Terrace with the ru?.of cabtabliniog a sort of mesmeric hospital, or someth og it Scoast kind. £he t?d you mention, p:oonaly, a s e?me scheme in that direstuon. a W at doesa e onerily m) ouote dies o 1' I a-ked si.andoandly. I t Agta Pocoeis ; but I beliere that's all Sstratgnt euouo. It would have been a Carsack s poii? to have kept hitn alive ae Slong .s ne a?uJ, or until Inst secind will \- was signed.' Fhurrner coonslderation determined me, now I sha minoy was no ocjeos, to move to one of I toe hotels; but ethe nr.e batm were qite floll. I owing to the Influx of visiors and vounreere o for the review. Foor other atempts tCo get r into secondoelaea ions failed for ose eams I reason. Then I laugoed at my weakneos. d W?ns had I to lear at Caester Torrane ? l Being there, there I woolJ stay until the t revioew was over. My co.exeoutor the i lawyer ano I dined together that night. We . :recided that I should say nothing to the d ICstack on toe curioans way in whson fate Snad mixod tos young doctor with my aftfare. i I weald wais and see it they took any notice of it. Toe fatherliet me tn, banded me a r anamber candle with hia usual politenrss, O but made no reference to the matter, and I g tially wens to bed, sleepian fairly well. Bit the lollowing night--he Good Friday Eve e matters tome to a climax indeed. Nothing I particular occurred at the distribution of the priz?s, which took plaoe in the alteruoon I e received mine from the hauds of the Mayoress of GOldoneeter, and broight ia houme. n Sir. Raphael Carstack did not show up, d and his fattier told me apologetically that he Snhad a patient to see at a great disenoe., and probably would not return home mill the y morrow. The fellow ostentatiously inspected 'e and admired the goblet, eyed the purse I. cunningy, and congratolated me. i. Naturaily I liked him leos and less the e more I saw of him, nod now that bed-time C nad again oume round, I had a' grealer it distaste thanever for my aitoalton. But for r :be lateness of the hour, I really think I d would have gone not and hired a bed at any Ic ommon pobliohoose. But I most pass over n the confies of feeling with which, ahoot e midnight, I lay down for the last time on d that bed that could not be moved. iv The silence of the house and neighbour hooe was enitrely undisturbed. The moon ' light shone dimly through the half w curtained window. I was tired, and all hot R my troubled, misgiving spirit seemed pro d pisious for sleep, and to sleep I went in time. How manh of what followed was dream, and how much reality-ezocpt the end, P wh eh was real enough, heaven knows I d t is impossible to determine. Bit here is my experienoe. 0 As had occurred two nihlts b:fore, it d seemed to me that the father and son were on either side of the bed, bending over me, 7 hot always with my own father's face in each Scase; but not, as previously, creating any -distress in my mind. Their presence d rather had a soothing eftet now than other. I ise; so soothing that, after a while, I Y dreamed that they were sending me to sleep; . and I know no more of how long I so re a mained, or what happened in the interval, until-wall, until I foend myself plunged P iato the ice-cold water of the river at she foot of the garden, swimming for dear life a to the bank i I am no psyehologist, and do not pretend 0 to explain what mental condition I ned passed into ; but the end of that condition, I whatever it was, is simply that I was aroused I from it by finding myself in the midst of the r deep, flowing river, the full moon shining t bright and high above my head, glittering on the water and revealing all objects as clear as day. Fortnnately, I was a good swimmer; t. otherwise I most have been drowned. An it was, afllter the plunge- how taken I know not -I came to the surface wide awake enough, 0 as may be uopposed, ad, aefore I had time o almost to be sorprised, was standing safe on it the shore in my night-dress. Then each a t tormoil of amazement, incredulity, and 0 breathless wonder, not onmingled with terror, took posession of me that, for many t minutes, I could only lean, panting, against .a tree. Erea I had in the least steadied my s mind, the two Carstacke stood beside me h wash out-stretched hands, proffers of e assistance, and wild expressions of surprise f. and horror. 'Good heavens, sirl' they cried, simal r taneonoly, 'what has happened! Wast have you been doing? You must have been walking in your sleep I' d I could not answer, and the elder con. d tiooed: is 'We heard your door open; my son P had just returned, and we were sitting 0 talking. We heard your door open, I say, II and yeaor footlsteps going downstairs; we 7 heard you unlock the hack door and go out ; or and when you did not came back after several minutes, we thought it so strange se that we both came out to look for you, and iy then we soddenly saw you standing here ! iv What can It mean? Pray come indoors. d Let nos help you.' o- Slill bewildered, but gradually recovering a, somewhat of my presence of mind, I harried with them back to the house, into the olni. e. tlrd's front room, where there was a fie. in Nothing could be more solicitous than their 1 behaviour. The young doelor gave me eaie . brandy, and they both ;:tively helped to dry o- and reelothe me. re It would be impoesible to reoant in detail a tenth.part of what was said on either I band. Saoh a confint of astonishment, ant ;e solicitude, and attempts at explanation went ly on in wild and dlejointed expressions, that I i- enppse two hours passed before I went ee upetairs again; the oatsone being that there y seemed no way of acooonting for what hal i happened save the origloeal one offered, at namely, that I had teen walking la my sloeep. d lois I duobled from the ftirS. I had erve or done 'ioh a thing before-knew perfectly It well I had ncver oeen mobje.t to som. ic nambulism. id Once again alone in my ro3ms, an exmin in tion of them threw no light on the matter. The bed merely lookel a, it would when one ' leaves it after resflei alsep, and the lotleers o side-door into the next house resmined firm id shotL The prie purse, uwever, with its twenty eoverelgo, whlth I had piled in 0' my Irooser pocketl had dl'appeared I Toe id gsrment had been brooght to me when ie dreseiae below stairs, and the money might i have fallen eot Ihere. But I was too shakened le and fatigued to distress myself further then. n o I dropped into thveasy.Ohair in the illing. te room. lv Toe spring dawn soon began to break is all was perlfatly still 000e more, and I ?ae a? b?ginoiog to dsze, when the very faintest of sound of a footstep on fhe landing eroused of me. The door opeoos, and Mre. Raphael entered, more soared and fear-arl:bn thson er ver. Li 'I cannot seeo urder done,' she whis 5\. pered hurriedly, ae she came tipitoe o towards me. 'L~save this house. 'H made ir you do what be wishe. I have heard him ts boast of soeh things. IE made yoo walk of yJur own aooard Into the river, hoping 5 you would drown. They little tho;ghbt I was watehine. I dare not stop to explaln if loodd.. They might hear ms, and would Ta serve me the same-they will make away Swith me soms day, I know. Promise nut to let out what i say-only don't tresa thatbed eagain, and don't speak of mc. Promise So be silent.': I vainly tried to datae her as mhe then r few from the room, and I heard her, a few rC minutes later, lightieg the fire down in thei Sk?nobeo with an estentation of noise. 1 Is wah useels m e.adspaod, loan I Tha .ztrardtnary ooudi.iuua who had over. taken me was due to some tealtsrious cltekery connected ;in thbat bed--eam. magneto-eleotsti baoki-panky in waoch this young doctor miebt have boJme an soadpt through hfs former assoia:1on wosh -ha. .p:rit rapping impostelr .pJkeo of by t:h lawyer. Eant was any oaolodiao ae se to ip Sbhid time to pull my wite together. acst tno preolse nature of the process woe. no onr. probaoly. tuod say. Nor, for the s oe of the poor woan, woold I it.qoire toJ eorioucy-ac leat. not for the prosed . Equally 'or her sake I had nstabiu d from ?kttag Clre:acok a.out toe bed prJvoluu.e. No! i would quit the houee I rthwash, but rehout. if po:iole, arruiog so.picion, sat, If possible, ainOout eoooooter:ng these Iwo villains again. Taeref.re, I .cpl'yed tie next hour in quoi"cl poek ng my knapsack und bag, etc. Atseven o'clock I went tnwasatars, feeliogaure sthat the men wouoJ I he asleep, and ctllag quietly to ]rs. Raphael. eaid: 'I an gotug out, bht shall be b?ok to Oreaklsat as ten.' aeou I hurried away, fully sccoutred, and I reouhsd my fri nt the boaer's before oe was up An explaontion followed, aid wd I lecifet to sed one of bi, clerks to pay what I I owed in Caester Terrace, sod to say that I was unexoeaedly prevented from returnu?g. Thus I paseed the Good F hi.y, and, t conutierong all shings, ceotled to give up the rev ew and reoor thome on the d.tUr?a., and did so. My ca?uged fortunees np red a Schasng-d life, novolveeg muo baoioe".. SWhatever views I migot have formed for ulttmately looki.og further into my my teriaou experience, ani, if poo*ible, of pnniaolog the culprits, were never carried a out, for the as.nple reseon that, vi bin a a fortnoight, letters from my asolicitor cou;taied ethe following toformation : e Your friends, the Oaretnake, are in trouble Toe wife of the yoocger was Syesterday morning found dead in oer bed, a and there is so mach mystery, I am told, , bout the oane of her death toot iatner aod I oon lie coder grave supioioa.' t Later on, the following came to hand: ' roe nquect has railed to solve the R mystery. All the doctors could say was that Sdeath nad arisen from failure of the heart's I otion, though how caused, there was no evi e denoe to show. A vdedlot to that tedLt, I therefore, -as retured. Bit that there was foul play somehow ma y be inlerred frim the fact that the two Caretacks have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is gaong ; to be done with their belongingt. Mean e while, an ezamination of the two neoser ani i led to the discovery of an electrio battery of ga reat power placed directly boeooth your re marksale bed and connected with at; whiles a wires frum it were coondctsed to enotaoe bed a in the deator's houes exatoly similr to yours,. r and on which thepaor woman woe fount. I r am not scientoi, sod do not p ete td to el I plain the workoog of such myeterione forces ; y aut these discoveries nave bhern eatfieut to r inoose the ao;notities to ilsue warrants for 5 the app:ehension of born men, on the a charge of contrivino toe death of young Mse. Carstaek.' They were never enaght-never heard of again at Goldchetser. This was in 1864 Last year t pali a visit to the S:atee. and, Iin a prosperous towe, far away in the West, a doctor hai esllblished himseft, who pro fested tso ffect wonJrous core, by electricity and mesmeri.m. A pamphle:, ieoed by him. on the qoack doctor pattern, fell into my Sbands. In it I read, ami let a mass of impudent verbiage, his arguraen to the effect that, as electrieity was a marvellous agent in curing hseteria, epileptic ios. etc., so could it be turned to useful accoont as a great meemeria corative agent, on the principle of like curing like He urged that soothing, beonefiil trances r could be produced by the patient recliniogen a certain bed, which he had patented, and through which galantoem could be applied after the mannat to wanie electrin bhtls are given. Need it be said that these words struck me ? I took a look at bis establishment. and founod tsna it called itself 'The Mesmerio Hseaital.' conducted by Dr. Gableton. But as strange coiuoidence teemed destined to be aseociatel with this matter to the lest, I happened, whiles gaineg at the house from the opposite side of the street, to ohserve a middle.aged mao some not, to whom I had no dtefculty in recogniting, despite the lapse of more than twenty years, Mr. Raphael Caretace. He did not see me, and, as I was passing tOroogo the place, I did not think it my bulmese to Iroeole myself with him or his doings. But the fact makes a signifllant end to my story, whiheb, perhaps, would not have been written but for it.--"Alt ne Year Round," 