CHAPTER III.-Taa BtACX T>iAiiöND Th» clock had long sinoe »truck midnight, and I heard tho guests do part, Dwjthing in the house iseemed ; quiet, and ï>èé» «bout to «ndroiiund retire for th« night.* I had beeta In an instant my ear was at the keyhole, and I distinctly heard some- one creep upstairs. -J£5 My boots were already off, the hinges of my door well oiled, so that without a moment's delay or noise I was out in in the passage. There was no light, but I judged from the direc tion the man had taken that he was making straight for the room where the jewels were kept, ano so I followed stealthily. I was right. A lamp, shaded so that the lieht fell only «on the cabinet, was in the room on the table, and' by its faint raf B I beheld Amgihad, the nurse, and Captain Elmsleigh stand- ing by the safe. The window of the room was open, but carefully shaded, so that no light could be seen in the park. * Are you sure to succeed to-night, Amgihad?' demanded Captain Elm- sleigh. 'Remember, you failed last time.' ' She has drunk of the drug that never fails,' replied the Indian woman. ' Do you think 1 would deceive the one who has drunk of my bosom? No ; my own child, Ahmud, waits below, and fae is not wore .dear to me.' * G ood, my doar nurse. Believe me, I shall never forget you. But we - must not lose time. To work.' I kept well hack in the shade, and watched the old Hindoo woman, who fixed. her eyes, as it seemed to me, upon the wall, and then beean waving her arms and humming a low chant. At first I felt much inclined to' laugh, hut presently I heard light footsteps coming along the passage. The -Indian's action became more and more imperative. I drew back, and a light figure elad in a loose morning wrapper glided past me and entered the room. One glance showed methat it was Mrs. Graham. She looked so ghost-like that ' I should have thought she was a spirit, had it not been for her stertoious breathing. Her eyes were wide open and fixed, not seeming to see a thing. She glided past me into the room, and stood before the Indian woman, .She buscóme,' said the woman in. a low voice ; ' but you must hurry something seems to weaken my power.* 'Open the cabinet,' said Captain Elmsleigh, in a commanding voice» 'I see you have brought the key* In a voice which seemed miles away, Mrs. Graham answered, 'Yes.' She advanced to the cabinet, and, produc- ing the keys, unlocked it with the greatest ease. Next the casket was opened, and one or two precious stones removed. These Elmsleigh gave to the nurse, with orders that she should hand shem to Ahmad to sell ; but I noticed that- the villain secretly took the Black Diamond and slipped it on Mrs. Graham's finger, a look of fiend- ish triumph lighting up his face, which showed me that he <ßd believe in the death-giving power of the stone. I felt inclined to dash forward and seize the rascal, but prudence warned me not to ; for this was a family matter, and I did not care to go too far without consulting the colonel. 'Go, go!' said Amgihad, quickly and sternly ; and she waved her hands to the door. As an obedient child might, Mrs. Graham bowed her head and with*, drew. Sae passed so close byrne that her clothes touched me; but she was in a trance, and quite unconscious of my presence. Then the captain and the woman said something in Hindoo, the light was extinguished, and they passed me, not aware of my presence. AU that hight I was awake. Part of the time I employed ia writing out what %? had seen, the - rest in trying vainly togo to sleep j so that Ï was delighted to be up at cock crow, tàke a bath, wash, dress and be tout.' I miked on at & hrisk «ate, and adtniredths scenery «D' mucbtbt»fcî found'I should have to . hurry -bttdk, ahd^f course did «o { but *t*tcely had I reached the ipark fiats tbau I met the çolohel; who had iùqutoefl>wherè I had gone, ieM was abo ut to follow «ne» :m^Éû% païeàidëath, aödn,s4iö ' I have no doubt I can get it back again,' I replied. ' Stay ! I must speak quickly, fur here comes your wife. The cabinet was opened last night. I saw it done-I saw the stones removed. The people who did t were the Hindoo nurse, Captain Imsleigh, and your wife.' 'My wife ! You lie !' muttered the colonel ; and I thought be would have flown at my throat. 'Be calm' I said, ' and don't speak so loud. Look at your wife's left hand. I must have a horse saddled to ride over to the post town, so I will leave you for a little.' I did leave him, but it was to watch them. She advanced to him, her face full of love, and held out her hands to him. He caught her in his own, and drawing her towards him, kissed her brow, and then, as if in fun, lifted her left hand as if to kiss it ; but dropped it immediately, and staggered back as if shot. " Graham, are you ill ?' she cried in alarm. ' Speak dear one.' The voice, the look-all bespoke love-true, heart-felt love. ' Not here,' said the colonel'-- not here. But-but--. Come with me, Annie ; my happiness depends on your answer.' She followed him in silent amaze- ment, and, as he passed where I stood concealed he secretly motioned me to follow, which I did at a short distance. They passed into a room, the windows of which opened to the ground-by a sign he bade me wait where I could see and hear what passed, and, of course, I did. 'Annie he said, in his usual tender voice, but now it shook slightly-- 'Annie, I have never kept a secret from you. Have you from me ?* 'Never! Why do you ask?' she demanded, in astonishment. 'Do you remember yesterday ask- ing me for the ring with the Black Diamond?' ' Yes. But surely, my dear, you do not think that I was annoyed at your refusing it ! Your wish to me would be---' The colonel bent his black eyes full -on her, and said : ' The Black Diamond is gone ! ' 'Gone ! 'exclaimed the lady. ' Who could have taken it ? ' ' You ! ' thundered the colonel, sternly. Her eyes dropped meekly to the ground and her lips trembled, but she answered firmly: 'You wrong me, Colonel Graham. I know not who has made you suspect me ; but no person in all the world could have made me think one mo- ment's evil of you. Let me pass. 'Stay, Annie, stay !' he cried, as he caught her arm. 'Look at your left hand, and read there the proof of what I say.' ' Mrs. Graham looked down at her hand with surprise, and never shall I forget the cry of horror she gave when she saw the fatal ring. Plucking it off her finger, she hurled it from her in disgust, as if it had been some loathsome reptile, and, falling back on a chair, burst into bitter tears, which her husband vain- ly tried to assuage. At that moment I heard the sharp click of a horse's hoofs passing down the yard. One .glimpse between the trees showed me it was Captain Elmsleigh, and it did not need the eye of a detective to per- ceive that he was leaving Elmsleigh for good. ' Colonel ' I cried, as I dashed into the room, ' the thief-Elmsleigh-is making good his escape! .Shall I stop him?' He looked pleadingly at his wife, and the answer came: 'Go! My only duty is to you-- my husband! Go !' Not another word. In two minutes we were in the stables, horses out, saddled, mounted, and away we dashed, never two men more eager in a race than we in this hunt. The hedgerows seemed to fly past us. The frost -covered fields became like ribands of silver, which rolled the ' view hallo,' and I knew the game was in sight. Yes, there he was, When I topped the hill he had pulled up his horse for a moment, as if to halt. But conscience proved stronger than his courage. He gave his horse the rein, and we dashed after him, I will not enter into or try to d- scribe the wild excitement of that chase. Not a word was spoken-not a sound was heard in the still air of the morning but the measured beat of our horses' hoofs as they flew over the frost-bound roads. I was about to go ahead of the colonel-we had passed and repassed each other many times-when he uttered a cry of, horror, and seizing my horse's bridle, checked the animal so suddenly that he nearly unhorsed me. ' Slop, stop !' he cried. ' Stop, or you are lost !' Heaven have mercy on his soul, he has gone. For some moments the colonel re- mained still with his face covered with his hands. Then we rode as bard as we could to a farm near at hand, and having procured assistance from a farmer, we went to a place called the Devil's Quarry-a terrible place, but badly defended on three sides, and on the fourth not protected at all. Down that terrible place Captain Elmsleigh and his horse had dashed. Need I say both were dead ! No one ever knew of the robbery that had taken, place at Owthwaite Hall; no one ever knew of the dis- grace which a love of vengeance had : urged Captain Elmsleigh to. He waB buried with all honour down in the quiet little village churchyard. The Hindoos were packed off to their native land. And the Black Diamond ? Well, that was the only piece of justice the colonel had; it is buried on the finger of Captain Elmsleigh. 