THE OLD FAS BOBSB. » {St. James's OaseUe). Looking last Saturday evening over fie gate of a grass-field which joins my farm where it runs nearest to the vil lage, I was astonished for a moment to see it stocked with horses. I quickly remembered, however, that my neigh bour, a small farmer who held only three or four grass- fields, always kept the aftermath of this one for the 'Mop' horses, amongst whose owners he had no doubt by this time got a large con nection. Now Monday was the first Monday in October, the day of oar annual ' Mop,' to which institution the village clings stoutly long after its uses are past. ' To- morrow, then ' think I, 'we shall have onr annual deluge of all the scamps and blackguards in B ? f though, for that matter, the word 'deluge' can hardly be applied with fitness to those who come to os so ?very dry. Opening the field- gate, I walked round on a tour of inspection. Yes, they were the usual sort — the lame, the halt, and the blind. They had a fairly good pasture for the season, and one and all seemed to be eagerly making the most of it, as if aware that it was too good to last They will have Sunday and Monday, I thought After that, who can say when they will get another day's rest! I was leaving the field again when I spied an old horse standing alone by the hedge and looking across the road. I walked quietly up to him. He pricked up a pair of great ears and moved away a little distance along the hedge, but without taming his head towards me to see what sort of a person I was. This, as I soon saw, was accounted for by the fact of his being blind. He was a big gaunt horse, nearly seventeen hands high, scarred and marked everywhere, and with an enormous Roman-nosed head which now appeared much too large for him, though it probably suited him well enough when he was young. When he had moved a few yards away be stood perfectly still, as if listening. No doubt he expected to hear the swish of a stick. When he found that their was no fear of this he paid no more attention to me, but gradually worked himself back into his old position by the hedge. 1 wondered what he was thinking about. Bat it is hard to Bee into the minds of old horses, and more especially of blind ones. As I stood watching him I caught sight of an old man in a smock — a rare sight nowadays — and with a stick in bis hand, leaning against field-gate, over which he was glancing in a casual way. I knew the old fellow very well He had been for many years waggoner on a neigh bouring farm. He is not very old, bat quite worn out with rheumatics. How he manages to limp about the village, and even to do two or three days' work a week for some humble wage; is a marvel. Yet no one ever beard him grumble. His old wife and he live con tent, and I believe happy, on next to nothing at alL When he saw me he came through the gate, walked slowlv up to me (dragging his right leg after him), and touched his hat He evidently wanted a chat. Trig wife, he told me, had turned him out while she ' cleaned up.' ' Can't a-bear to be at home then, and she can't abear to have me there.' He stood talking for three or four minutes, during which he told me his rheumatics were so bad that he hardly dared go to bed at night for fear he should not be able to set od again. Pausing for a moment he looked round, and his bright old brown eyes fell on the horse. Gradually as he looked at him a change came over his face, something like the ghost of the look one sees on a horse-dealer's face when his smartness is called into requisition and he wishes to appear equal to the occasion. He walked a little closer to the horse and looked him carefully over. Then he went up to him ; and, speaking to him (at the sound of his voice the ok) horse pricked up his ears and appeared to listen with all his might), he put op his hand, and, parting the hair above the place where the neck is set in the chest, pointed out to me the scar of what most lave bees a very deep wound. ' I thought I knowed him,' he said ; its old Jerry, as was raised on the Grange when I first went there waggoner. They Bold him, six years old, to young Turner— not very young he ain't now — who had the farm over yonder;' and he pointed in the direction towards which the old horse's head had been turned. 'I wm ''-? vexed, I was. He was the best horse IV ever had. How he got that scar was^^ this-a-way. We was taking a load of^^' barley over to B ? , and this horse, which had never been off the farm, was in the shafts. It's little enough then ?we'd used to take our horses off the farm. When we come to our top gate he made sure as we was agoing in there, and he whips round afore I could be aware of him, and breaks the end of the shaft off like a carrot, and nigh cuts his neck in two with the sharp bit as was left The -vet., he said, ' You've done it this time, Master Robert,' so I thought I had ; bat, bless yon, he was at work again in a month. Turner he sold him many years ago, and I've never seen him since, though I'd heard as he'd got into bad hands. They've worked him blind, that's what they've done. I thank the Lord I've got my eyes. Now that old horse must be four-and-twenty or five-and-twenty years old ; I can't right rightly say which. But he was a late foal, so he might be a little of both, so to speak. There'd ought to be some place where them old horses as has done good honest work might go and rest; some place, paddock-like, where they could enjoy theyselves, and never do no more work.' Old Robert would have been the last person to hint it intentionally, yet he deserved and certainly needed rest as much as any old horse ever did. It's a pity, I thought, that they cannot go together. Robert will never be content anywhere, unless, like an Tndian, he can have one of his horses to keep him company. On Sunday I walked round again in the afternoon, and there stood Jerry in the same place, his sightless eyes turned steadfastly towards tbe farm he had ploughed so often. I think he must have known where he was, and wondered how he got there. It was possible that he was ruminating over memories which the voice of his old friend had recalled. The otter horses — they were not his companions — were lying down, rolling some of them, and enjoying themselves generally, jerry had got to the same stage as old Robert, when it was dangerous to lie down be cause there was no certainty of being able to get up again. Next day, Monday, was the ' Mod ' carnival. On Tuesday businees took me through the village. The green was in a sad state of con fusion. Most of the shows had departed, and the owners of those that yet re mained were trying by hurrying and cursing to make up for lost time. Two fellows, half gypsy, whole tipsy, were loading a waggon with the component parts of a penny show. Old Jerry was harnessed to lie waggon. It was an enormous load, heavier, probably, than anything he had been asked to pull when he was young and strong. Bat that is the way of the world. All the posts, planks, canvas, and rub bish appeared to be loaded at last The van was ready to start. But during the process of loading the narrow wheels had cut deeply into the' soft tnrf of the green. It would evidently re quire a strong pull to extract them. Old Jerry pulled his best, but nothing moved. At last something broke, and before it was put right Jerry must be beaten. A half-bred gipsy woman, with a short pipe in her mouth, was tbe ex ecutioner. When things were once more ready the woman began with her stick again. The two men considerately left the wheel at which they had been pushing and came forward — also armed with sucks — to her assistance. Jerry gave a great groan, as if his poor old heart would burst, made an effort, and off went the loaded van. I suppose it was tbe usual way. In about a hundred yards the van reached the bottom of a steep hilL The gipsy woman never ceased striking and swearing. After two or three rests, which were no doubt graded him, I saw that Jerry had arrived at the top of the hill. Over the top he disappeared and I saw him no ^ more. Farewell, Jerry. Old Robert may well be thankful that his last days * are cast in less evil places than yours. But at your present rate of travelling yon will get to your rest long enough before your old waggoner. Two grazing farms on the resumed part o Torilla run, containing 5664 and 2030 acres J?l*?e'lrv1 «' Vatum °Pea to selection at the lands Office on Monday, at an annual rental of Id. per use. There were no appU. 