THE TUI1F, PERTH AUTUMN MEETING, (by touchstone.) The interest felt in racing would seem to be steadily on the increase. The Perth Antumn meeting, though quite a by fixture, was for 6ome time previous to its coming off regarded by the racing world with more interest than even the more important meeting in January, The Sapling Stakes was looked forward to as an experiment which, if successful, would lead to the permanent establishment of a two year old race, and as iikclv to <ri ve some idea of the ad vance which the breeding Of thnroughlnvds has ina'li: iri t!ie Colony. The entries-, as itlii'-ncd out, did not come froui ally of the country breeding establishments, which at. one time used to semi so many horses to the Perth meet ings and which still£rxist; and sl.ould be in a position to furnish good and fast horses — but from the paddocks of Perth diid the Swan. Of the fire entri S two were supplied by Mr. Tow- ton. one by Mr. Loton, one by Mr. Btertnan — all breeders living in Perth and enj-»ying no special advantages for turning out lacing stock — and one by Mr. Wood of Cuildfofd. Of these, Low. lander, by Lowiander, out of The Belie, Mr; Parker's old mare, is % compact and handsome bright chesnut colt, standing 13 hands 2im, and was acknowledged to be a exceedingly fine and promising two year old— the best on the whole which lias been bred in the Colony-. Miss Lucy; by Lowlunder, out of First Lady is a long; powerful, racing-looking light CheStont; stands ing over 15 hands 2iU, and Was thought by many qnite as handsome for a mare its was lief half brother, Lowiander for a horse. Less Corns pact than the colt, she gives the idea of possess, ing a greater turn of speed. Both horses belong to Mr. Towton. who bred them, and werS re. gafded as highly Creditable to that sportsman's judgment in breeding, and carein rearing; Niin= tod; by Lowiander, out of Gulnare— a grey marc onCe run by Lord Gifford — a strong compaet; roan chesnut, standing not more than 14 hands 3in., had evidently . ilot had the cafeful nur. ture enjoyed by Mr. Towton's horses and; though a few Considered him as good as any of the company id which he wasto run, he was gen. erally thought to require a years good feeding; and six months training before he could be ex- pected to win in good Company; The general opinion of him was that he would be a fine four year, old and a very fine five year old, but that he was backward in growth ard training. Ghar- ity, by Lowiander, out of Charity, (a mare of Mr. Brockman's,) agrey filly; of fair size, looked as if she might have a tarn of speed, but was wanting in that indescribable something which marks the race horse, nor did she show the " quality" exhibited by any of the three pre. viously described, while the Count, who is by a horse called Sir Hugh, out of a nameless dam; was a very common sort of horse of no particu. lar merit. But all five had their friends, and the issue of the contest between them was sufficient, ly donbtfnl to give the race an interest. The Flying Handicap afforded any amoant of room for speculation. Telephone was held by most persons to be the safest horse. His running; on the " other side" had shown him to be very fast, while he was known to be a generally good horse, strong, and a weight-carrier. On the other hand, Trishna, although beaten by Telephone in Victoria, was known to be exceed, ingly fast, and to have immensely improved since her arrival in this colony. She was also known to have made admirable time in private trials; and to have done the three quarters of a mile on the outside of the stakes, (or six lengths ovef the distance on the proper running ground) in lmin. 23sec. It seemed therefore quite possible - that she might beat her great rival over the short space -which had to be traversed; There was also a chance of First Prince starting and obtaining an opportunity of showing his speed in a short rate. Coronation alto, though gener- ally considered as out of the face; and only brought out by her spirited traihef fof tiie Sake of the sport, had her admirers. The Aiitumit Handicap had not the interest of the two efrentd which were to precede It; everyone regarding the race as a sure thing for Strike. Again; The Selling Race was equally without interest; But the Cup was full of interest; By hearty eVery. one, it is true, this race was considered all but h certainty for First Prince, but at the saihe time thete were those who, looking at the improve, nient in the condition of Telephone since that horse and First Prince ran their ihatch, the want of judgment with which in that race Tele, phone had been ridden, and certain signs which had exhibited themselves of First Prince being slightly amiss, were prepared to back the young horse. Tremando was also by some considered to have a very fair chance of winning; He wa$ running at an advantage, as against First Prince, of lOlbs; over the weights in the Jan. uary handicap, receiving from the latter horse lib; instead of giving him.91bS; He was more over in excellent form— his legs only excepted; which though puffy and groggy, bad stood their training without breaking down; Thus, there were a great many problems to solve and a pro. portionate degree of interest felt in the solution, 1?he Attendance. The weathet was hot to oppressiveness in the morning, bnt by the time the first race came off the sea breeze had set in, and the heat had be. come bearable, but the attendance on the Course must have been a disappointment to those who hoped that the success of the meeting would have justified the dob ifi attaching more impor. tance to it. Why it was that the attendance of the public was so moderate is rather difficnlt to say. The railway arrangements were good— in fact all that could be wished;. The passage of the river was, of course, what it always lias bceii and always must be until there is a bridge—, disagreeable for men and nnfit for women, ex- cept such as have been accustomed to rough it; But the course was easily accessible — just as much so as in January when tbe attendance was good. It is much to be feared that the smallness of the attendance was principally due to the want of money — a want which is just now making itself felt in every direction; Od. the Stand the company was not mtick less than at tbe regular annual meeting; The Governor was not there. He is coining oyer on the 21st, and it was thought that he might as weli have come over on the 17th, four days sooner, wheii his presence would have been uSefuh Had he been present, the company on the Stand, if not that on the course, would have been greater; T&a; Betting-. Betting; there Was littie or iiofie; Thete weM bookmakers present shofiting out their 6 and 7 to 1, and 60 to 10 against horses which had not a ghost of a Chance aiid Against which it would have 1 Ean equally safe, add perhaps inofe pro. Stable, to offer 100 to i, bnt they invariably "barred" the horse Which had the best Chance— in one or two instances to theit oWn loss. This is probably dde to there being tbo few hofscs for" them to be able to make a safe book by bfettihg against everything; But the fact remained that there was vety littie to be ddiie With them x= cept by Consenting to take very moderate Cans Against impossibles. I see the oddkgivett in the local papers as if the money was to be readily got —but the odds reported were " nominal" — they were not to be got, except on the totalizator; where they could be got up to a hundred to one for hopeless animais, and bore no relation to the odds of the "reporter" or of the bookmaker Thus the odds of tbe "reporter" on the Cup gave 2 to 1 against Telephone, against whom no odds were obtainable except on the totalizator; which, gave 7 to I against hinu The totalizator; it is only right to say, was worked remarkably well, the operator doing his work coolly and rapidly. But without d railed.otf passage, sev. eral yards in iehgth, leading to a ticket office; the work would never have been got through at one of the regular meetings. Where all the ap. plicants for tickets can converge on One point,- confusion is inevitable dnd rapidity impossible! But the pressure on the totalizator at this last meeting was not great, and everyone Could get? what they wanted; Th& Running. Sapling Stakes— -of 30 sovs; for two year" dis : 5 furlongs. Mr. G. Towton's Ch; L Miss Lndyj by Low. lander — First Lady 8st. 51bs (Donovan) 1 Mri G. Towton's ch; c; Lowiander, byLow. lander — The Belle 8st; lOlbs. (Cleverly) 2 Mr. Loton's ro. c. Nimrod, by Lowiander— Gulnare 8st. lOlbs. (Maloney) ... 3 Mr.- W. B. Wood's g.f. Charity, by Low. lander— Charity 8st; 31bs. (Mears) ... 4 Mr, A. W. Armstrong's g.g; Count, by Sir Hugh 8st. 81 bs. (Rodereda) ,.s 5, Betting : even on Miss Lucy : 2 to 1 against Nimrod : 2 to I against Lowiander : 3 to I against Charity 6 to i against Count : trans,-. actions nominal, Lowiander and Nimrod were the favorites with the stables— Miss Lucy with the public. The latter went to the post ih the best condition of any; Lowiander was shin-i sore and rather stout, aiid Nimrod short of con-; dition, as was Charity. The horses got off to A moderately good start, Nimrod jumping oft with the lead, followed by Charity, Miss Luciy, Count and Lowiander. After the first doZen length# Charity passed Nimrod, and kept half a length in front for about two furlongs, when she fell back, and gave place to Lowiander, who had passed his stable Companion, and the Count, and (Continued on page 6) ( Continued from page 3.) was third, n this order the liorsns continued till the turn home, when Miss Lucy came through h>T h 'lS's and raced home with Lowlandcr, whom she heat by a couple of lengths. Niuirod a moderate third. Time 1 min, 10-J- s'-cs. Flying Handicap of 30 sovs.: f of a mile. M r. G. T.iwtoifs b.h. Telephone, 3 j rs. Sst. (Cleverly) 1 Mr. W. Strickland's ch.ni. Coronation, 3 vrs. fist, lOlhs. (Cox) 2 Messrs. Harwood & Smith's Km. Trish- na 3yrs. 7st. lOlbs. (Ward) ., 3 Betting : even on Telephone : 3 to I against Trishua : 6 to I against Coronation. Trans actions nominal. Betting on Totalizator 2 to 1 on Telephone : 3 to 1 against Trishna : 20 to I against Coronation. The horses -got off to a good start, Trishnaand Coronation going off at score, closely followed by Telephone. In this order they continued till half the distance .along the river hank was traversed, when Trish- na was beaten, and Telephone came to the front. A neck and neck tace then ensued between the crack and Mr. Strickland's mare almost to the winning post, when Cleverly brought his horse aliout half a length ahead, and won without much apparent difficulty. Time 1 min. 19 sees. Autumn Handicap of 50 sovs.: for colonial Bred horses : a mile an 1 a quarter. Mr. G. Towton's b.g. Harry, 4 yrs. 9st.31bs. (Owner) 1 Mr. G. Parker's b.g. Savanaka, 5 yrs. 8st 71b?. (P. Hardy) 2 Mr. G. Towton's b. h. Strike Again, 4 yrs. Sst. lOlbs. (Cleverly) 3 Mr. W. G. Leeder's cb.g. Socket, aged, 8st. 71bs. (Maloney) , 4 Mr. F. B. Hassell's b.m. Stolen Moments, 3 vrs. 6st. 121bs. (Ward) - g Mr. Whitehead's ch.g. Squatter, aged 7st. iu 1 os. (triblin) g Betting : even on Strike Again : 2 to I against Harry : 5 to 1 against Rocket : 5 to I against Savanaka : 10 to 1 against Stolen Moments and Squatter : transactions nominal, except on the Totalizator, where the odds were 2 to 1 on Strike Again. The horses got off to a bad start, Strike Again and Harry getting away the best, followed by Rocket, Savanaka, and Stolen Mo ments. Squatter, who lost the start, being some lengths in the rear. In this order they ran till the descent to the river bank, when Savanaka took second place, and after running nearly to the last turn home challenged and passed Strike Again, when Harry came to the front, and after a good race won by a couple of lengths. Time 2 mins. 22' sees. Selling Race of 25 sovs.: mile. Mr. G. Faikefs ch.g. Randolph, aged. fist. 211)s. (Corbett) j Mr. W. AVallis' b. m. Garnet, aged, fist. libs. (Cox) .! 3 \- Mr. Whitehead's ch. g. Squatter, aged, 7st. 21bs. (Ward) ...... ... 3 Mr. G. Parker's b.g. Savanaka, aged, 5 yrs. 9st. 21bs. (Corbett) 0 Mr. C. E Dempster's br. g. Littleton, aged, 8st. 21bs. (Maloney) 0 Mr. W. B. Wood's g. m. Lady, 5 yrs. 1 ik „ — ... ... ... ... v Bating : 2 to 1 against Randolph : 3 to 1 against Garnet : 5 to I against any other. Ran dolph made the running throughout with (Jar- net in company, and won easily. Time 2 min», 53 sees. The winner was sold for £26. Perth Handicap of 100 so v.: second horse |0 sovs.: 2 miles. Mr. G. Towton's b.h. Telephone, 3 yrs. 7st. 81bs. (Cleverly) j Messrs. A. Forrest, Burt & Co. 's br.b. First Prince, 4 yrs. 9st.91bs. (Corbett) ... 2 Air. D. W. Harwood's br.h. Tremando, 5 yrs. 9st 8Ibs. (Banian) 3 Mr. W. G. Leeder's ch.g. Rocket, aged, 7st. 2H>8. (Leeder) 4 Mr. F. R. Hassell's ch.g. Michael, aged, ... 5 Mr. W. Strickland's br.m. Ruby, 3 yrs. fist. 7bls. (Cox) . 6 Betting : 2 to I -on First Prince : 3 to 1 against Telephone : 4 to 1 against Tremando : 10 to 1 any other. Few transactions except on the Totalizator. The horses got off to a good start, First Prince immediately taking a strong lead, followed at some distance by Michael, Rocket, Ruby, Tremando, and Telephone. Com ing past the Stand the first time Telephone was running third. First Prince still having a lead of some lengths, and the rest being pretty close together. At the descent to the river First Prince was still leading, with Rocket and Michael next, then Tremando, Telephone and Ruby. Half way along the river bank Tre mando made an effort, and Telephone began to improve his position. The old horse after a vi gorous attempt to reach First Prince had to con tent himself with second place. In the mean time Telephone was rapidly improving his position, aud by the time the horses were well within the straight was one of the first three. Toe final struggle now took place between First Prince and Telephone, the former holding his own for a couple of hundred yards, when the young horse succeeded in shaking him off, and came in a winner by several lengths. Tremando- was third, running gamely to the end, though, as wa,s seen when he pulled ap, lame. Time 3 min. 47£ sees. Hack Race. Of 10 sovb.: a mile and a quarter. Mr. Towton's bl.g. Volo, aged 1 „ Montgomery's g.g. Navvy 2 „ G. Parker's br.m. Secret, „ 3 This was a good race between the first three horses, but Volo won in the end very easily. The winner was sold for £20 5s. Hurry Scurry. — Sweetmeat 1st. The Frank lin 2nd. The meeting' was conspicuous for Its orderly character, and the absence of any serious ac cidents. 