THE POPE ON CHURCH AND STATE. The latest Encyclical of Popo Loo XII on the Christian constitution of States, the Pope says he doems it his duty to compare with Christian doctrine tho new opinions advanced concerning the State. There could be no public power except from God. The State was cloarly bound to satisfy it many and great duties towards God by the public profession of religion. There was once a time when StateB were governed by the philosophy of the gospel. But that fatal and deplorable pasBion of innovation which was aroused in the sixteenth century first threw the Christian religion into confession and then, by natural sequence, passed on to philosophy, and thence pervaded all ranks of society. From this source issued those late maxims of unbridled liberty, which, in the midst of the terrible disturbances of the last centnry ; were ex cogitated and proclaimed as the principles and foundation of that new jurisprudence. Amongst those principles the chief one was that which proclaimed that all men, aB by race and nature they were alike, were also equal to their life. In a society founded upon these principles government was only the will of the people, which, aB it was under the power of itself alone, so was alone its own rales. Since the people was said to contain itself the source of all rights, and of all power, it followed that the State did not deem itself bound by any kind of duty to wards God ; thot it made no public con fession of religion ; that it held itself bound to give equal rights to all religion, to the end that the public order Bhould not incur injury from any of them. All questions concerning religion were to be referred to private judgment, and every one was allowed to follow whichever religion he preferred' or none at all if he approved of none. Hence these consequences naturally arose — the Judg ment of each conscience was without regard to law ; the froest opinions were expressed as to the practice of neglect of Divine worship ; and there was unbounded liconse for men to think what they liked and to publish what they thought. It was hardly possible to lay down any one fixed method whereby tho objects they had in view were to be attained, because the method must suit separate places and times, which differed greatly from each other. Nevertheless, be fore all things unity of purpose must be pre served and similarity must bo sought for in the plans of action. Both these objects would he attained without fail if all would re gard the directions of the Apostolic See as their rule of life ; and obey the Bishops whom " the Holy Ghost has placed to rule the Church of God." The integrity of Catholic faith was in compatible with opinions approaching either to naturalism or rational ism, the essence of which was utterly to do away with Christianity, and to establish the supremacy of man in Society to the conclusion of God. In the struggle for interests of the highest order thero was no room for intestino strife of party rivalers, but all must endea vour with one mind and purpose to secure that which is the common object of all — the preservation of religion and of the State. 