A HERO IN SPITE OF HIMSELF. BY ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of "Shadow of the Sword," "A Child of Nature," and " God and the Man." (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] PART [I. CHAPTER Y.-A THUNDER CLAP. About this time the mining prospectus appeared with results which satisfied the minds even of the most sanguine. The bait was so tempting that it was swallowed by a public which is only too easily gulled. Shares were bought up rapidly and everything was progressing with the most praiseworthy smoothness. There was only one thing .now which troubled the mind of Colonel Sloane. That one thing was the extraordinary behavior of Fotheringay. Apparently there was nothing to cause that young gentleman the least uneasi ness. So far, his every wish seemed on the point of being realised ; his wedding day had even been fixed and was rapidly approaching. Isabel was more loving and tender than she had ever been ; nay, more, she had on his account almost quarrelled hopelessly with her guardians, ?who, from the first, had bitterly resented the idea of her marriage with an adven turer. But Isabel, who never did things by -halves, had fought her hero's battles bravely until she had succeeded in win ning over her guardians to her side. The resplendent promise of the mining pro spectus settled the business, and con vinced them that Fotheringay, instead of being an adventurer, was a rich and pros perous man. Still, as I have said, Fotheringay wa3 far from experiencing the happiness war ranted by such a run of good fortune. His friends found him a dull companion, and thought he was becoming spoiled with overmuch success. Colonel Sloane, who watched him with the eye of a hawk, saw something which he did not like. " Treachery," said he to himself, "or I'm a nigger. Well, I'll keep him in hand till he's married the heiress and paid me the notes of hand I hold, then he may go to the devil. Guess it'll take some of his fortune to pay me the little sums I've advanced him to make the show he's made." So the colonel, for his own sake, affected to be ignorant of the alteration which was so clearly visible, and when it was forced upon him he laughed and vowed it was the fear of marriage which was preying upon bis friend. " Guess the best of us quake before a woman," said he, " and Fotheringay, with all his swagger, don't seem to have more pluck than the rest. He'll be all right after the wedding day." And the general impression was that Colonel Sloane was right, although, as the marriage day drew nearer, Fotherin gay's depression increased. At last one clay he called upon the colonel. " Look here, colonel," he said, " I'm about sick of this." " Of what ?" asked the colonel sharply. "Of this playing the viliain ! I've done a good many ugly deeds sioce I met you, but this marriage is about the ugliest of all." The colonel laughed. It suited him just then to be good-humored. " Deuced good thing for you, and not a bad thing for her," said he. " Suppose I refuse to go on with it ? What then ?" "Why, then," said the colonel, who turned livid at the very idea, "lookout for squalls. Come, Fotheringay," he con tinued, "let's understand one another. You have given me your notes of hand, for a goodish sum, now, haven't you ?" "1 have," returned, Fotlieringcay ; "but when you accepted them you knew that they were cot worth the paper they were written upon." "Right," assented the colonel, "but it I'd thought 'twas always going to be so do you think I'd have taken them ? IN jt such a fool, my friend. I knew you were a likely chap to many, and I'd made up my mind you should marry an heiress, and so you will." Fotheringay laugheds took a few turns about the room, and then departed, leav ing the colonel extremely uneasy in his mfnd. The fact was that so long a3 Fotheringay remained single the colonel felt that he had the weaker hand. His bills would remain as they were-value less. To threaten exposure would be use less. Fotlieringav might snap hi3 fingers and laugh in his "face. But Fotheringay a bachelor and Fotheringay married to Miss Raymond the heiress were two different persons ; the latter gentleman would have a character to lose, or rather, his wife would think so, and she would sooner part with her money than her husband's good name. This "was the view Colonel SIcane took, and with this view he did everything in his power to hasten on the marriage. Meanwhile our hero was eaten up with remorse. His love for Isabel, deep and strong as it was, seemed to be transform ing him; he felt that she was dearer to him than his very life, yet he knew that in marrj ing her he was doing her a fatal injury. I>ut how could he tell her ? How could he bear to see the love that now shone in her eyes turn to hatied and loathing? If she knew all she would despise him, as she would have every right to do, and would never look into his face again. Therefore lie feared to speak, but let the time go on. . One evening they were sitting lovingly together when Isabel broke the silence. Charles !" " Yes, my darling." ' " Does it not seem strange ? In six days you and I will be man and wife !" He rose to his feet and gazed wildly into her face. " Six days, did you say?" he exclaimed. " Only six days V " Only six days," she repeated. " Charles, you speak as if you were sorry our wedding-day is so near. It was not always so,'' she continued, assuming an air of offended dignity. "It was you your self who pressed for an early marriage, and I consented." In a moment he took her in his arms. " Isabel, my darling-my love," he said, " don't heed my wild words. Above all, never imagine they sprang from any lack of love. Perhaps I regretted the ending of our happy days. But they will not end-they shall not end !" " Why should they murmured Isabel, clinging to him and 1 joking sweetly into his face. He bent down and kissed her. "My darling," he murmured, "my better angel, God grant you may e?er be able to look at me with love and trust as you do now !" The girl gazed upon him in wonder. He seemed suddenly to be transformed. Never, she thought, had she seen him look so brightly handsome; and, alas ! never had she loved him so well. When he was gone she threw herself on the sofa and ciied for hours. The next day he came again. His face was very pale, but strangely resolved. " Isabel," he said, " I am going to make a strange request. I wonder if you will grant it ?" " Tell me what it is, and I will say." " 1 want you to postpone our wedding." " To postpone ourweddiDg? Why do you wish that ?" He hesitated ; then he looked steadily at her. "Do you want me to tell you ?" "Yes." " Then I will tell you. I ask you to put off the wedding-to cancel our engage ment-to try to forget If you can that I ever crossed your path." " Oh, Charles, what do you mean ?" " I mean that if you marry me you will marry a scoundrel. I am utterly un worthy the lore of a good woman-as un worthy as I am of the respect of honest men." He paused for a moment, trembling under her wild and wondering gaze ; then he continued " When you first met me I was a shabby, out-at-elbows fellow, without a sixpence in the world, but I had a good name and a clear conscience. Now 1 have neither. You think I am a rich man. Sham ! I haven't a sixpence in the world." "No money," said Isabel smiling, and she pointed to his hands The very jewels gittering there seemed to prove that he had spoken untruly. Fotheringay looked at them curiously. "False !" said he, " not diamonds and emeralds, but paste, and worth very little more than the gold they are set in ; but, such a3 they are, they belong to my master." " Your master " Yes ; to the devil to whom I said my self some years ago. Isabel, you once asked me what Colonel Sloane was to me, and I answered that he was nothing to me. I lied. He is my master. He bought me body and soul, and set me up a glitter ing sham to dazzle the eyes of the world, and lure innocent victims into his grasp. I have been his tool-his cat'spaw. I . led the life he planned for me without many conscience qualms until I met you again ; then one look into your eyes made me feel that I was damned !" He paused and looked at her. She was deathly pale but quite calm. She had fallen into a chair, but she never once took her eyes from his face. "If all this is true," she said, "why did you not avoid me ! Why, for pity's sake, why did you make me care for you as I do ?" " Because I was and am a scoundrel; nothing can alter that. To do myself iustice, I must confess that I did intend to avoid you at first; then I found that Sloane was spreading his net for you, and that unless you became my victim you would certainly become his. Thus was the case put to me-' Marry her,' said Sloane, ' or leave her to me, I don't care which of the two you do, my friend, because in either case a good part of the lady's dollars will line my pockets." " How could that be!" " W hy, thus-In case of my refusing to deceive you as a lover, the colonel, Intro duced to you by his daughter, would never have rested until he had the bulk of your fortune invested in mines ; whereas in the case of our marriage " " Yes ?" " It would have taken the half of your fortune to clear off my liabilites to Colonel Sloane V" Isabel said nothing ; she sank back upon the sofa; her face grew deathly pale, her eyes closed. " Give me some water," she said feebly. Eagerly he brought it, and with a cry of agony he took her hand, but she motioned him away. "I am Lot well/' she moaned; "do not touch me." She sipped the water, which revived her a little ; then she opened her eye3 and looked at her tormentor. " Why are you lingering ?" she said ; "there is nothing more to be said, I suppose, and I wish to be alone." In a moment he was beside her. "Isabel, my darling," he cried, "are we to part like this " I suppose so. Where is the U3e of our protracting an interview which can bring U3 nothing but pain? Oh," she cried, suddenly, in a wild paroxysm of anguish, "in all my worst fears I never pictured this. 1 thought you had been unfortunate, but I believed you had a noble sou), and, above all, I felt jou loved me," "I did ; and God knows I do," said Fotheringay. For a moment her face brightened ; then all the light faded from it, and she shook her head. "He urged you to marry me and you consented," she said. "It was my-for tune " "Before God, no !" exclaimed Fother i 11 gay, vehemently. "He urged me to marry you-yc3. I consented-ye3 ; but why ? I argued thus : by paying court to Miss Raymond I can keep her from Sloane ; bv* throwing dust in his eyes I can save her. Then, God help me, the devil stepped in and completed the fcaak. I found one day that I loved you over much." "Ahf " Yes, loved you with an intensity which startled me. I could not draw back now. My mad passion swept me onward. I yielded, unci now this is the end." There was a long pause. " Isabel, can you forgive me T For answer she uttered a wild cry. and covered her face with her handa. "May God forgive you !" she moaned, " for you have broken my heart." That same evening the general and Mrs Collier, on returning to their hotel, he&id; with amazement that the marriage of their ward was not to be. A dreadful scene had that morning been enacted between Colonel Fofcher ingay and Isabel, during which, attracted by" a scream, Angela had rushed into the room to find her friend lying in a dead faint upon the floor and the young man. standing helplessly by. With the assis tance of a servant Isabel had been carried to her room and supplied with restora tives, and upon coming to herself she had informed poor little frightened Angela that during that interview she and her fiancee had agreed to break with each other for ever. More than this she would not tell. Even when Mrs. Collier came becging for an explanation Isabel shook her head. _ "It is enough, is it not," she said, "that the marriage is not to be? Give me a promise that neither you nor the general will make any communication whatever to Colonel Fotheringay." After some hesitation the lady promised, and nothing more was said. But somehow, little whispers were blown about, and it soon became generally known in Long Branch that owing to some quarrel about settlements tha wedding was not to take place. Meanwhile, Isabel lay for two days in a state of utter prostration. On the third day she rose, looking the ghost of her old self, donned a loose gown, and came out of her bedroom. The first thing she did was to sit down to her writing-desk. This was what she wrote " You say that you are poor-that through poverty you have been led to do evil, almost commit crime. This must not be. My fortune is my own, to dispose of as I will. The half of il I give to you. I shall send the necessary instructions to my lawyers to-night. As for myself, I do not suppose you will ever see me again. As soon as possible I shall leave Long Branch, which to me is associated with so much misery and so much happiness. " ISABEL RAY.MOXD." Having written and addressed this Bhe sealed it and gave it to her maid. " Take this at once," she said, J' and if there is an answer bring it to me." In a trice the maid was off. In less than half an hour she returned with a_ reply. With trembling fingers Isabel took it. "Did you see Colonel Fotheringay?' she said. " Yes, madam. I was just in time." ' ? ; ; tne for what ?" ' To catch him, madam. He was going av£\, uijd by this time he is into the train, I should think. He had written this letter to you, and was going to post it; but after he had read yours he opened this again, added a few.lines, and gave it to me." With a horrible sickening fear at her heart Isabel tore open the envelope and read as follows : "My Darling Isabel-Business calls me to a distant part of the country. I go, knowing it will be better for you that 1 shall never cross your path again. Y'ou know I am a villain. Forget me. As for mj self, I shall watch over you and love you till death. "C.F." "Your generosity, my darling, your self-sacrifice and goodness heighten my contempt for the miserable part I have, played. As for touching a farthing of your money that is out of the question. One thing only shall I cling to in this miserable life-my love for you. Fare well, my better angel; farewell, for ever. " CHARLES FOTHERINGAY." Having read this Isabel kissed it pas sionately ; then she sobbed as if her heart would break. 