, 1 'PUBLISHED. DAILY) ^ : Echcca, Pjiiiiay, 1,1887. Hklu Ovmt. - Owing to p'essuro on our apnce, we nrc compelled to hold over a letter 'hi re " Tho Milling Industry of iKehuca." EcimeA Polioh Comer.—The only business before tho court yesterday was that of a inun named John Llu'.vellyn, who w»t charged with drunkenness. As accused appeared to be only suffering iv recovery, Mr Conaut, J.P., who presided, remanded him unlil to-day. •Aquatics at SAMDliaitST.—The following entries havo been received for the Houdovsou mid Goodisson trophy, to be rowed on Lako Wuerooita. on NVednesduy t\ext Pirst Heat. — jiaglohawk—M'Corinick, J. W., (stroke),'Martin, R. ("3), Cairns, .r. (2), Hogg, 1'. (1), v. Sandhurst—Eadie, Geo. (stroke), Reynelt, \V. (3), Parker, J£. (2), Bussfc, H. (1) Second Heat—I5chuea-u j Strattou, .1. S. (stroke), Limne, C. A. (3). Wilding, W. (2), Kelly. E. J. (1). v. Bon\x=req-\ digo -Boekerleg, J. (stroke). Fahey, P (3), Turvoy, F. (2), Maes, H. (1). SHOCK 0F EARTHQUAKE AT THE TERRICKS. —The Pinegrove correspondent of the Rochester Express supplies the following to that journal:—A shock of earthquake is re- ported from the Terricks district on Wednesday morning last. It was accompanied by a rumbling sound, and it made the crockery- ware rattle considerably. Pkhskntation" to Mit ,Tas. Castles. - It its intended by ;v number ot tatepayers of the Uchuca Shire to present Cr Jamos Castles with an address and purse of sovereigns, in recognition of tho action he took in a recent law case. The Consumptive Hosi'ital.—At a meeting of the Victorian Branch of tho British Medicmo Association held in Melbourne on vVednesday night it was unanimously re\x=req-\ selved, on tho motion of Dr Neild—" That in tho opinion of this society no sufficient reasons have been shown for the establishing of a hospital for consumptives." Steam Navigation Boahii.—The ordinary meeting of the local Steam Navigation Board was hold yestorday morning in tho boardroom, Custom® House, when there wero present—Mosbm R. M. Tracey (ehairir.au), W. W. Mooro, and , business was ot a routine nature, tho bank pass book being examined and certified to as correct, and the passing of accounts to Mr 0, Uoborts, ongineer surveyor, and to Mr 1?. Pago, pxaminor of masters and mates. Picoi.a Backs.—The annual meeting of the Picula Rico Olub took place on Wednesday. The following wore tho results:— Maiden Piute—Whistling Disk, 1; Teresa, 2 , Larrikin Jim, 3. Hurdle Race—Free\x=req-\ trader walked over. District Handicap— Charity,.S.u 7!b, 1; Bushman, 9st 41b,2; Muilboy, 7st 101b, 3. Handicap Trot\x=req-\ Tommy, 400 yds behind scratch, 1; Nelly, flOOyds, 2 ; Picola, 450 yds, 3. Picola Handicap—Freetrader, 9st 71b, 1; Mailboy, 78t 71b, 2; Denmark 9sfc 41b, 3. Won easily. Hack Race—R.L., 1; Fireman, 2 j Crazy .Tano, 3. Cakuiaok of Ghain.—Tho qutst:on of tho carriage of grain from Kyabram into Echuea by tho Tatura and railway contractor's engine waa on Wednesday brought under th» notice of tho Railway Commissioners. On Wednesday morning Mr Murphy, member of tho Ecluica Shiro Council, mot Mr J. SUackell, M.L.A., in Melbourne, and brought tho in at tar under his notice, and Mr Shackell iiitei'viewod Mr Ford, and that gentleman proinisod to make inquiries. Sub»equently Mr Murphy interviewed Messrs Ford and Greene, Railway Commissioners, and Mr P j P. Labertouclie, and requested thorn to allow ' grain being carried into Echuca by tho contractor's engine. Mr Ford promisod to communicate with the Enginoer-in-Chief with u view of. arranging with tho contractors for tho carriage of the grain along tho line. Mr Ford also promised that immediate action would be taken, and tlmt shortly the farmers will have every opportunity of taking their produce either to Echuca or to tho North Eastern district. Mr Shackoll also received a reply from tho commissioners to tho saino oll'oct. Dkatii ix "thh Hospital.— A person named William Ponrson, a native of Norfolk, England, iv sailor, aged 42 years, died in the •imitation j eatovdny, after being an inmate f >r eleven days. Auction Hales. —Messrs Shaokell, While, and Co. advertiso that on Saturday next, 2iid April, they will sell a (juantity of galvanised i'on, slightly damaged by firo, iho property of Mr George Miller. Also 011 Tuesday, Oth April, instructed by Mr Hunna ford, they will dispose of that gentleman's household furniture, without resorve. Messrs Ohantur and Co. hold their weekly stock aulo at Moaina to day. AL4.OKR1TKI) A lad aged about 10 years, named Rodger, while driring a horse working a pump in Stobener's garden near tlio old ihrowery on Wednesday evening, got 0110 of hia foet entangled in tlio machinery, tho i-esult boing that it was considerably liicerated, and requirea the uttimtion of Dr. Osborne. Dislooaibp Collar Bonk.—Yesterday a man named William Caldwell, who resides in Echuca near the footbridgo which crosses tho Campuipo at tho bottom of Anstruthor atroet, fell out of a dray at Palmer's flour mills, Moama, and sustained a dislocation of the collar bone. Dr. Graham attendod to tho injured man. .. Mr Shackell, M.L.A. — Tho manyl] friends of Mr Jamoa Shnckell, M.L.A., will bo plctyiecl fcu learn that lie ia recovering from his rt^nt indisposition. ITe is at prosonfc staying ut St. Kilda, and indulges in the hot water ftatlics, which appeal to give him great reliof. Hospital Committkb. — Owing to tho meeting night of the hospital comraittoo t falling oh Good Fridey night it has been i decidod to to hold tho meeting this ovening. Salvation Ahmy.—The first hosannah \ meeting held by the Salvat'on Army last . night in the Teinperanco Hull attracted a largo audience, the evening was devoted to the singing of hymns, eolos, and dnctts by adherens oti .tho army. Death fuom Typhoid Fever.—A resident of Eohiicu East, named NVm Pearson, died yesterday in tho local hospital from typhoid fever. /ho deceased had boon ailing for about three months, and prior to his ad [ mission to tho hospital had boon attonded by Dr Grnlian), VVhon ii'lmittod into tlio liospitill tho typhoid had not, wo understand, developed itself. Tho deceased loaves a widow and family of tivo children in dosti tuto circumstances, and a subscription list has l)6on opened 011 their behalf. Accwknj to a Steamek.—The steamer Glimpse arrivod in port nt an early h»ur yesterday morning from tho Little Murray, with a cargo of salt and sundries. Her barge is laden with 1000 bags of salt, but u'witig to tho vessel colliding with tho end of 0110 of tho paddle shafts, |which bent it and broko 0110 of tho spur wliocls, it had to bo loft behind after being towed out of the littla river, a distanco of 30 miles, with only one wheel working. Progress was naturally slow—aboil.' a milo an hour. Aftor the barge was safely moored tho "-teamcr cama 011 to Echuca, where ropairs will bo effected. The barge will bo brought into port by tho steanior Invinciblo. Shipping Notes.—Tho steamer Emma in rived yesterday afternoon from Balrannld. jhe cargo consisted of timber and eliaflt shipped after leaving that port. Tho Glimpse iilai arrived in tho morning with sal,t in a disabled condition. The invinciblo is ox- [ pec ed to reach port to.day or to- morrow. The Eohoca East '• Ghost "—Tho resi dents of Echuca East are still receiving visi tations from tho " ghost," who has for some time been walking in that portion of the borough. A few nights since throe young ladies, who, beforo leaving tho town, said tlioy would like toseo tho "ghost," were gratified most unexpectedly, and they did several hundred yards along tho railway siding lead ing to theJamos Mackintosh sawmills in a fast time, yelling as they went along. He has also been seen by one or two other porsona. ICeong observers state that tho •'gh"s!" appearB to have a phosporous glow at out. 'lie b'.-ily. and that he disappears most iiiyalerniusly, and can run like a deor. Several persons have tried to identify him, but all Iiuto failed, and they allego there is 110 possibility of catching the idiot Mischeivous Yodtiis. — A well-known resident, of Dickson-stroct was last evening Fubjected to a great deal of annoyance from a number of youths, who congregate near tho gates of the Park. As some of tlio occupants of tlio liouso wore engaged in passing a sociable hour, a largo stmio wps thrown upon the roof. Tho result was that one of tho fomalo occupants received such a fright that sho fainted, and it wassotno timo before she lvciivored. Information was quickly con veyed to the police, and Sergeant Wilkinson sor.11 put in an appearanco, and dispersed Llio company of yojths. It is probable that a ecurronco of last evening's annoyance will not take place again, for should it continue it is likely that tho perpetrators of the action will appear beforo tile court. An lMrniiTANT Motion.—A motion was passed at tho mooting of the Melbourno Shires Group of the Municipal Association to-day that provision should be made in future Amending local Government Acts for a potitionor asking for a poll to bo taken i s to whether a proposed loan should be pro ceeded with or not lodging £20 with his petition, which shall be forfeited in theevenfc ofjono-tiiird of the necessary number of votes to forbid such loan not being, polled. Tho motion ouv.maled from the City of Prtlhran. Tark of Vetch Seed.—Mr J. L. Thomp son, tho manager of tho experimental farm at Oashcl, has roportod t j tho Agricultural Department that tiiore is no tare or vetch seed in the Molboume market now, nor is there likely to bo any this year. Tho seed is excellent, would realise 12s 6d per busliol, and could easily be cultivated by farmers residing in tho cooler districts, such us Ivy»6ton, Bungarco, Warrnambool, Gippa land, etc. Ho knows of 110 plants more sui table than thoso named for tlio silo or for yielding good returns. Tub Hon. J). Gillie3,—Although tho Preuiior has been away for about 11 week oh his holiday trip, 110 communications has beou received from him since bin departure) by any of his colleagues. Ho loft in tho Govern^ ment steamer. Lady Loch, £fov tho notth west coast of Tasmania, and it is supposed that sho has put in suinewhero for shelter. Mr Walker has tolegraplied :to Tasmania, asking that tlio stoamer shall bo reported lis soon as sho touches at tho island. Yiotohia's Revenue, —'''ho rovonuo of Victoria for tho. current financial year is likely, as far as can bo estimated at present, to bo unusually satisfactory, On tho first quarter there wa* (says tlio Ar/jus) an in crease of £111,808; on tho second quarter uu increase of £132,351, and on tho third thero will bo an increase of abont £27.070, which will give a total increase for the nino months of £272,838. Tho revenue for the year ending with this month will, on tile basis of tho figures given, bo £0,088,244, in which cine the increase for the year will amount to £338,595. Sad Accident in tiib Grampians.— The report which readied Stawoll on Tues day night (says the Anjue) that a murder j had boeii committed at tho Grampians turns out to bo incorrect. A sud accident, how over, occurred, which resulted in tho doath ! of a young girl, aged ^0 years, named Oharlotto Morcom. It appears that sho had stopped at a friend's houso during Monday night, and as alio was loavitig on tho follow liiorning she was uccidontly shot by n little boy named John Smith, 10 years old, who was ongaged at tho timo in the garden shooting birds that wore destroying tho fruit. Ho ran to the house of tho girl's father, about a milo away, and told him that his daughter had fallen down and could not get^up, Ho then do camped into tho mountains, and remained out until night timo. This proceeding gave rise to tlio bulief that murder had boon com mitted. When tlio unfortunate girl was found sho was dead; and an examination showed that several grains of shot had ptorced the brain. An inquoat is now pro caouing. Numuukmi to Nataiilia Baihway;— During tlio past week several firms of railway contractors havo visitod tho country to bo . traversed by the Numurknh to Nathalia line tondors for which will bo lotuexfc Monday. A liumbor of workmen linvo prospected tlie route for tho puipose of ascertaining whether gravol pit for ballaat can bo obtained in the locality. Two pits have boon discovered, one on tho farm of Mr Robert Allen, Biutlka maugh, :and one,1 on Mr J Smith's select on in \Yaaia. Tho gravol ia clean, but uomo of tho contractors tU'iTof opinion that it will be too fine for railway purposos. If tho Government don't approvo of it all tho gravel will require to be brought from Maug.vlovo, a distance of about 70 miles, and tho cost for freight alone will como to 2s 9d per ton calculated at u half penny por ton per milo, this item will greatly increase the cost of an otherwise cheap lino, and it ia hoped that a heavier quality of ballast will bo found in tho district. Onod Bound timber is obminnblo in the locality. Tho Yalca Sawmill Company is mailing oxtonaivo preparations to meet tho anticipated demand for sleepeis and bridge materials. Tho company has a large* i-fctck on hand, and a o putting 011 men so that a Urge quantity might bo available wiion roquirod. —JBallarat Star. | 