1 - 'Statute. * ' Beesas Adversaries. Those who bare personal knowledgeand ex perience of bee-culture will bearorifctbe re mark that oees arc not particular. -as to the size or the position of the uome in wbidrthcy choose to dwell, so that it suffices for them to carry on with security their won Jerfnl.opera tions. -In tbeir wildstatcT. cavities of rocks and hollow trees are alike.. available : and in their domestic condition tber have no pre ference for a straw castle over aOrease of wood, nor for a wooden bonse.ovcr ajstraw castle. The bee', which, while under proper treat jnent, is one of man's brst friends proves, when molested, a- terrible foe. Allusion is made- to this by. Moses: in his story of what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the wilderness. 4* The Amorites came oat against? you, and chased you as bees do, and destroyed you.' The strength and force .of their sting is such as to enable th'sm to pierce tbe skin of the horse and other large' animals* and kill them. Th$ir ordinary spegd when in flight is from sixty to eighty miles an hour, and they, have beei*.known to. fly past the windows of ah express train when: travelling at full speed in the game direction: The bee's manner of attack i6 to dash s'traight at. tbe object aimed at ; and'commonly, when ex cited by the presence of some meddling per-, son. tbey- will attack the face, aiming espeoic ally at the eyes. When the tboi2§ands which; inhabit a hive are aroused by the sound of alarm — well understood by all the inmates — to repel an invader, they sally forth with a courage and determination which - none can withstand, attacking their foes^on -every side .with a fury it is impossible to resist. King David must have witnessed just such ascene,. which he .reproduces in his description of the fierce attacks of his bitter and unrelenting foe : All nations compassed ine about ; they compassed' me abont like bees.' ' \- Recently? tbe mishap of a porter in band lingo. box^Of be® in transit* by railway created aririmusing and rather alarming scene . at'tbe station. There was a general stam pede of passengers and officials flyinginevery direction chased by the infuriated . bees. Catching the queen and placing her in the: box, restored .confidence and.quiet, for, flock ing loyally to her standard, the whole colony returned to the Cise, which* was then sent on its way. .'-Brit even this is a small affair com pared wittf whatsis related in ancient history of persons^ being *! riven from their habita tions; andthe inhabitants of an entire town being compelled to ttee before myriads of bees. .Elianus. who flourishe l about 200 A. D., gives an instance of this in one of his seventeen books on animals.. ^Mungo. Park, the African traveller, mentions' a modern in stance which took place near* Dooproo : '*\Ve had no sooner unloaded the -ass® than some of the people being in search of honey, inop portunely disturbed a large swarm of bees. They came out in large numbers,' and at tacked men and' beasts at tbe same time. Luckily, most of tbe asses were loose, and galloped up the valley ; .but the horses and people were very much stung, and obliged to scamperoff ia all directions: In faot, in half an hour the be® seemed' to pat an end to onr journey.. In the evening,? when they became less trout-l®ome 'and we could venture to col lect our cattle, we found many of them much stung and swelled about the? head. Three ass® were missing; one died in the evening, anothernext morning. Our guide lost his horse, and many of the. people were, much stung about the head and face.' ? . Persistence of the Beaver. — The quickness with, which a\ colony discovers a iwholesalc attempt against-'tbeir peace is astonishing f yet if their numbers are undis turbed or diminished but gradually, eveii the presence of civilization will not' drive theni them from their haunts. To-day beaver arc returning. to streams in Michigan, long ago abandoned by their race, simply because they find themselv® unmolested, the; demand 'for beaver- peitry being slight, and the pric® paid out of all proportion to. the labor entailed in trapping.' It has been said that, if a dam. of house be once injured by the baud of . man, the colon j at once disappears. But that this is fallacious is proved- by the following: Twenty-two mil® from Marquette, Mjrh , , on the Carp River, a bearer colony began the erection of a ncwdam. Though the embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel with the stream, and trains passed backward and forward daily, they seemed in no way dis turbedf0and worked steadily on until the water had risen a foot or more. The track master, observing that this endangered tbe line — for thcembankment had been utilized as awing of the dam— ordered the water to be drawn off. But the following day 'tbe beavers bad repaired tbe dam cut through, and the water was its former height. , Again, nnd again and again was the dam cut through, and as often would it be repaired. All in all, it was cut and repaired some fifteen or twenty tim® ere the beavers were sufficiently dis couraged- to abandon their attempts. White Sparrows —Instead of the ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fifteen of the thou sands' of sparrows in Macon are white- Pro fessor WiUett of Mercer University has made a close study of insectivorous birds, and when this fact was brought to his attention he -supposed the white sparrows were merely albinos. Nature plays her freaks in all class® of the animal creation, and scatters albinos among men, beasts and birds. ? Often in a big drove of blackbirds a white one is found. But the white sparrows at Macon are too numerous to be accounted for on the' theory of chance, which would explain the presence of one in a thousand. They are exactly like their companions in every re spect save color, and there is no evidence that the Jwhite and dark sparrows Lave .crossed; they arc all either solid white or solid brown. London Needle Women- — The women engaged in the shirt trade are to the full as ill off, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were their sisters in tbe day when Hood sang their sorrows and sufferings. - The wo man who is solely dependent upon slop shirt making starv® rather than livfes by it. She soon becomes in very deed. , . The seamstress, lean and. weary and wan, With only the ghosts of garments on} _ who, * In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sews at once with a double thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Happily, many of, the shirt bands are not wholly dependent upon tbe earning of their needle. - Numbers of the married women of the poorer class® work at the shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wag® of their husbands and tbe additional income thus gained, though it may be but three or four shillings a week, sensibly in creases the comfort of the household. . Con sidering tbe wretched pric® paid for the work, the surprising thing is that the women should earn, even so mucb at it as some of them do. Take the button-holing — ' a leading- branch of the work.- The bol® arc rough punched in the factori® the.' work of the outdoor hands being to stitch them round.: This button holing is admittedly. u niggling' work, and yet tbe rate at .which it is paid for by the. sweaters is a penny per dozen collars. . As each collar has three boies, the band, who finds her .own needle and cotton, has to stitch thirty-six bol®for a penny! Even so, some of the ex perts, by working long houre; by rising early on Snmmefmoniings, and* sitting late on Winter nights, by. living' on food that is 'ready to be put into ihe month,' chiefly bread and butter, and eating- as they work ; by acting on thgjt lin® soma of the button holers will cam as much as eight or nine jhillingB peri week. The prices paid by the maimmctnrczs who give it oat. in the. first ? instanceWe probably such as, wonld? enable a skilled! and industrious hand to make a living matters stand such mar are almoot compelled to- employ middlemen, jind tfcei: tender.: mercitarOf . the sweater , arc 