We suppose it would be idle to hope that no one will be foolish enough to accept the result of the cricket match, whatever it might he, between the smokers and non-smokers as a deci sive proof of the comparative merits of tobacco and the abstinence from it, because a fanatic will he fool enough to do anything, and the opportunity for indulging his folly is too good to be thrown I away. The reflecting mind will see at | once that such tests as these must be j absolutely inconclusive, for the simple reason that they never can be made under exactly equal conditions, and therefore can never be fair. The conditions can only be equal when the combatants are exactly matched, that is to say, when there shall be no preponderance on one side or the other ; and of course to find a couple of dozen men who shall not differ from each other in strength, endurance, and pluck by the heft-of a feather is simply impossible. This consideration is fatal to all trials of this kitid— to trials of speed between water drinkers and spirit drinkers, as well as to trials of wit between fat men and lean men. In each case the tempera ment is everything, and it is precisely the thing that cannot be weighed in the scale or measured by the tape yard. Voltaire was a ghost of a man, Gibbon was a tun of a man ; and their example proves that the thing we call genius is independent of physical proportions, and that the ques tion whether obesity is favorable or unfa vorable to intellectual ncuteness is not an arguable one. Besides, it must be remem bered that nicotine, which is the active principle of tobacco, is a medicine as well as a poison; and who can say how much a tobacco smoker is not indebted to it; or in other words, how much steadier ia nerve he is for using it tliau he would be if he abstained from it ? Not that we have the slightest intention of taking either one side or the other in the controversy. It is a contro versy in which so much has been said on both sides that it is almost impossible to praise it or blame it too much. From bis sacred Majesty King James I., who called it the Stygian weed, down to the late Dean Close, who denounced it as a fiend that gorged on the human brain, on the onejside, and from the judiciousDr. Hooker on the other, who wrote of it as his Pan-phannacon or cure for every thing, down to Kingsley who fancied that the Athanaeian Creed became more intel ligible under its inflnence, there has been an unbroken succession of champions to enter the arena for and against it. We have got so used to it, at any rate, that there is scarcely a habit that its votaries would cot give up rather than BuiTenderit. Sydney Smith used to thank God he was not born before the discovery of tea, aud Charles Lamb w the same spirit apostro phises tabacco — . Brother of Bacchus, later bars, The Old World was aura forlorn . . Wanting thee. The doctors differ about it ' almost m widely as the clergy, and perhaps the only objection to it npon which we shall be all agreed is raised by tho poet Cowpcr, who hails it as the Pernicious Weed, Whose worst effect is banishing for hours The sex where presence civilises oars. The impeachment, we arc afraid, caunot- be denied, and the only way by which the difficulty can be got over is by the sex be coming smokers in their own defence. Tbo ladies of some nationalities, chiefly American and continental, have done so tfircady ; and in fashionable English cir cles the cigarette, which is to the cigar wluit a fib is to a lie, is said to be getting incre.tsingly popular. And why not ? If women are to exerciso the suffrage and to proscribe it3 liver pills for society, liow can it be consistently said that it is against the mettle of. their sex to smoke? Men are fast gottit'g disillusioned of the idea tliut their lips" were given them to be kissed ; and afteAall women may be ex cused for thinking' that the aroma of a Flour de Venus is as palatable as the bc3t-waxed moustache. If women do take to it, they will be only reviving a not very ancient custom fn imother form, for wo liavof merely to go to our Toilers and Sptctalun to find that not' a hundred years ago they snuffed most i'weterately, even in the best circles, and botfitin public and privately. From a selfish point of view, men would have no motive tor dis couraging the practico in their wives, for a good cigar turneth away anger as effectually as the most endearing speech ; and tffe wife who smokes will, generally speaking, keep her mouth closed when she finds she cannot retort without cutting short an ecstasy. We are unable to say what the divine mind of Shakspeare prognosti cated, of the effect of the habit, because, though he makes his Queens and Princesses and Heroines of the highest rank spit and swear, lie does not give us a single example of a smoker, male or female ; hut Bacon, almost as good an authority upon most things, says of it, that " it comforteth the spirits and dis- " chargeth the spleen and in how many modern parlors and even kitchens and pantries would not such an anodyne be welcomed with avidity if it could be depended on? There is only one other sphere in life in which, it seems to us, that equally strong arguments in favor of the innovation may be pleaded. We refer, of course, to Parliament. Parlia ment. as its name implies, is a place for talkers. Members of Parliament are seut there to talk, and not a few of them be lieve that talking is the final cause of the human lips, and that to keep silence ia to fly in the teeth of the designs of Provi dence. The disposition to fulfil their mission on earth, combined with the temptation to let their constituents know that they are not asleep or in the refresh ment room all the evening, is irresistible, and they talk accordingly ; and hence the demand for the cloture and other contri vances for padlocking their lips. Let the lips be occupied with a pipe or a Havaa- nah, however, and the padlock would not be required. Here surely is a reform that is worth tryiug for, for it i3 one that may avert the threatened extinction of Parliamentary institutions themselves. Any mere ceremonial objection, is not worth considering ; for if honorable mem bers may wear their hats and nightcaps, aud take off their boots and go to sleep aud snore audibly without a breach of good mannera.-br violating the etiquette of the Speaker's Chair, it is all nonsense to pretend that Mr. Lalor s authority will be gone because be ha9 to look at Mr. Gaunson or Mr. Gillies through a nimbus of tobacco-smoke. It has long been apparent that with .the new position of Russia in Central Asia Afghanistan was likely to prove a thorn in the ride of British India. The inhabi tants are in a backward state of civilisa tion, and the chiefs are subject to little more than the nominal authority of the Government at Cabool. A moun tainous country, peopled by a fierce population of fighting clans, ready on the slightest excuse to wage war with each other, or upon the common sovereign, would afford a favorable field for the display of that peculiar talent for intrigue by which Russia is charac terised. A swarm of Russian agents, well supplied with money, are believed to be dispersed over the country, charged with the task of exciting continual discord. The news which reaches us from Afghan istan is remarkable for its meagreness. We hear occasionally of an insurrection of this or that tribe against the Ameer, but its extent and the manner in which it was suppressed, if at all,- wo are not told. It is to be presumed that the Indian Government keeps itself informed as to the condition of the country ; and the recent determination to station an army of observation in the Pisheen Yallev seems to indicate that the state of affairs is far from satisfactory. In the phase of civilisation reached in Afghanistan permanent dissension and disorder might be expected, even if the Rus sian frontier were far removed; but it is reasonable to suppose that Russia is pursuing the tactics which she has invari ably adopted with her neighbors in pro mpting disintegration and anarchy in Afghanistan. The policy which has found most favor in England is one which would leave Afghanistan as a buffer be tween Russia and India. Looking back to the experience of the Afghan wars, it was considered that the resistance which the Afghans could make to a Russian advance was an important element in the problem of Indian defence. But this view assumed that Russia would encounter a unitedly hostile Afghanistan. Sufficient consideration was not given to the proba bility that Russia would pave the way for her advance by the patient intrigues of yesrs. The value of the " buffer " would be reduced to a nullity if the Afghan tribes could be involved in civil war. Their energiesj and resources would be exhausted in the internecine struggle, so that their power of resistance to a foreign' foe would become inconsiderable. Russia could, moreover, take advantage of the disturbance by giving secret sympathy and assistance to one of the <parties, and thus create a pro-Russian faction amongst the tribes. A section of public men. in England, foreseeing this danger, have advocated a bolder policy in the affairs of Afghanistan. Instead of setting up Abdurrafeman as a puppet Sovereign at the close of the last war, they would have annexed the coun try, or at least retained a British garrison in Candabar. and placed one in HeriAt, so as to dominate the tribes and ensure obedience to the Government at Cabool. The prospect ol having to maintain ordar amongst such.. a population in a difficult country was aoi a tempting one, and it was deemed wiser to resort to ths present arrangement. -The drawbacks are, however, many and great. If England is to protect the Afghans from attack she mast be iu some sense responsible for their conduct. Russia might complain of Afghau outrages, real or pretended, on tho frontier, and demand satisfaction from the Amccr in his capacity of an " independent sovereign." If tho latce failed to comply with the demand, was a great nation to he debarred from adopting the usual course to punish the offending border tribes? If the Ameer is to be protected againBt attack by Russia under anyjcircumstances,'» discretionary power will be conferred upon a semi-savage potentate of involving the British Empire in war. If, on the othei "hand, a series of "incidents" such as that at Penjdeh are to be condoned, ths Afghans are not likely to be favorably irn. pressed with the value of British protec. tion. The situation is full of per. plexities, and probably the best coum lias been taken under the circumstance! in assembling an army at Pisheen to await eventualities. The reason alleged for the precautionary measure — the internal dis turbances in Afghanistan — is, no doubt, a diplomatic one. It would probably be nearer the truth to say that the action ol the Indian Government was a counter- move to the recent concentration of Rus sian troops in Central Aria. Tho most effective remedy for the alarming troubles in Asia and in Europe would be a modification of the form d government existing in Russia. It is a despotism controlled by the military chiefs, whose instincts and interests all lie in the direction of conquest and foreign war. Were tho Russian people masters of theis own destiny, there is every reason to hope that the .national energies would be diverted into a more legitimate groove. The substitution at an early period of a civilian ifor a military Govern ment' in Russia is by no means improbable. Ths -feeling of dissatisfac tion with the presenftate of affairs must be exceedingly intense when, one batch of conspirators after . another brave the scaffold in attempts to \ bring about i change by the assassination of the Czar. This mode of promoting political reform is one which cannot be defended, and probably helps to defeat its own object by exciting sympathy with the Czar as the threatened victim of criminal violence. The dynasty has its greatest danger in the spread of revolu tionary principles in the army. Tfae Imperial throne rests solely upon ther bayonets, of the troops, and would be in sorry plight were that support to be with drawn. Probably the Emperor Alex ander would personally be willing to concede a limited aystem of representa tion were he sure that the movement would nob speedily get beyond bis con trol; but it is impossible that a change of some kind can be long postponed. The present military ' system is crushing the very life out of the people, whose social condition is aa deplorable as was that of the French peasantry ou the eve of the Revolution, and must soon.. become utterly unendurable. Mr. J. Mitchell, the British Consul at St. Petersburg, in a recent j report to his Government, gives a very gloomy account of the indus trial condition of Russia. Tha country, he says, is suffering severely j from a general economic depression, . and he sees no prospeot of improvement. In such a depressed state are the agri culturists in isost provinces that ths taxes are collected with much difficulty! and the burden of taxation has had to be lightened by the abolition of the polk tax ; while the efforts of the Govern ment to improve the condition of ths peasantry, by enabling them to acquire lands, are likely to prove abortive. There.ii no room for doubt that the very first resufi of representative government would be the reduction, of the military expenditure and the abandonment of the policy of aggres sive war. The necessity for adopting measures to ameliorate the social condition of the masses would be more urgent ic the estimation of a popular Assembly thai the gratification of dynastic ambitions bj ; the prosecution of ruinous wars. 'The I acquisition of constitutional liberties by the Russian people would not only be a ! boon to themselves, but might prove a I blessing to the world at large by removing j the chief danger to the peace of Europe. 