:£;itii09i.REfAili); , on. ' ' 7 S E 'j BE G I H E N T A L ' G H 0 S T, . '. Br art ExPbtxctivb Orwcaa. ' ' '' " : ""'pkarr.... , X wee sent for huetirdly one evening to .visit fibo, residence of Mr. Tiuii'oii. r the head of 'itb'e eminent banklog firm of Taunton Bros. mud KUIiitt. ht fiOaiOiifit'iitriidt. 1 Tiio old gentlemen wen 1 altogether nn Known to o«, and ht ' 'he repitt«".o.i of tjenig at .the. eame tiuio one of the most upright and y'et one of in,- nardeat of men. Ot ibielaoou bed en < ppoiluoity ol judg ing. I wet received in u ruhly furnished but particularly gloomy . »pariu|6r|t./'..Tbeie did qi'oi .appear to be Wcom or able corner or chair in it. Trie tall old geinlsman naked me to be "Weaied cloie to tbe large table at which he "wae placed, and their in) pasaed a alip of . liveuder paper aCro.e to me. ' What do you call that ? he asked. 4 It appears to . be.. a n'-.<quefor one thou- wand pounds, eigucd by W. bpencer Taunton,' I replied. 4 It appeert to be,' bu repeated. ' Then you -de not think it genuine ?; ' 4 1 do not,' waa my noswer. ' The siuna- tqie may be alt right, but. the, figaree in the leHhftud comer and cue body of the docu ment neem to have beeu tampered with.' "You are right. Do »ou think the work has been akillully done? ' 1 do not," 1 replied. ... 4 It id tbe work " novice, and tbarefore there cun be little dilficuViy iu fiudiug tho 'culprit. Tbe fact la, m> 'own nephew ia the dtutity individual, anil, air, alter what hue juaaaed betweeo us two he can no lunger he aorgiven. He muat be found,' hud by the -iieeie, and prosecuted.' 'I continued looking u( thd'obeqae, and the idoA nadd4bl/.<)aw(kd up in uio tbat tho pe« gietratnr'of this swindle was capable of doing much finer work. , It u>«ored to me tlm the ulteratlon w/ti intended to be palpable, and that tome kind ot mystery muat bu wittacbed to tile wbold'affair,. 4 Will you kindly give mo particuiaier 1 etiked. , ' My nephew ia a li-utennat in a cavalry kcgimeut now lying at H — -. After running tbrough bit own . mono teckleatly, he up liealed to me.. I naid bis dehts and made hiui' « comlqitkble allowance. He .seems to have' notability of .cparucter, , A few days sgu he oauio to mp and contended chat he was aguin. datwrreaeed. ,,I received him in this room, end be made a clean breast of his anortcom- SSiT j . kTe.bim a severe, lecture, but enn- vnadea ,by tfty tui biui a cheque for a hunarod ppande as toy layt.uu willing contribution to njetravagaoce. The unhappy, youth hus obliterated the word- " hundred" by some chemical proceaa and tub'stituted "tbouaand." «y adding a cipher tu tin numerals, the ewj.udle.be looked upon as .being complete. He 1ms cot actually forged my name, but ibe crime ie equally serious; und much as the transgression and disgrace gtievs me, I shall mot swerve from my dmy In handing him over fo r punishment to the authuruies.' Muy l askif the money waa paid4" ; Fortunately , t«. waa not. The cbiof officials at tbe bank knew pf my feelings towards my tiepbew from u is- past lost living, " Aud it waa euco a palpab e ntteratiuu that it vvm detected at once.' . ' Who presented the cheque?' ft was paid iu to tho hauking Accnunr. of Captain .Brmcoe, of. hie o«-n reaiuieur, and dpubtleBB whs banded nv-r in. payment of gamhling deins The money has not been collected, but, tbs crime is none the less a crime. My people at r.he bank sent, for tbe City pqlior. aud.n piivate-olotuca officer went uown to tbe/jinrlere uf the regimtnc but the culprit cou|d not be fnuiid. I prefer a man of vrnoin I know eotueibing, aud so I have meat for you. What, do you toiuk of the case ? . VVIiiit kind of'charactdr €00 CJtlJjt-iio lirlacue tPlnCdli. ?' ' fcrcelleot!.. lireproaclianle 1' returned tbe olJ genilvinau, altli more earUcdineae than he had hitherto dlsplu» d, Promiairig to ,ilo, my best in the peculiar cose, I Mked, »f Mr. lanntoh had any portrait of. his nephp w. . £e rang, the bell, and a foot- anan entering, he aald : . t0v,o.u,f "'Bttesii and ask' her for a por trait of Aiobi , Mr. Carriogton,' ,A ueculiarly .faint carte.de visits was brought me in a ,few minutee, and I was couducted ttom the room by tho solemn eer- vaut. .As I came put Into the hall I caught a glimpae of qiu.of the brighteet-lookiog girl, lever saw o «ny life. She was Just dia- ap, earing within the threaholdof a brilliantly. lit room opposite, the general Aspect of which -contrasted pleasantly with that I had ju»t footmaisaid'ioalow tone 8,tee' ">e a lewymmotoeS',Vde,iWd y0U towait Almoat the next instant a refined-looking maid came from the room I had Jail noticed, ana sata : J0U ,k.iDd|y Ieave yonr private addreaa ? My .mistress earnestly desires to aee you on very, particular businesi, and nBka if to-night would be convenient for a call.' .1 had noticed that boih Borvants had used the words my, mietreaa' rather pointedly, and began to euipect that the female pert nf Mr Tanhtons hqqiehald (tad h dilTerent kind nf iPteroet in tho unhappy Mr. Archibald Car- rlrlRion tothqt ChttftutcQd thqt gentleman jntDselr, ttjr ct( wit'1 my brlvete addreaa, Biflhg : ' Bnslnese.will detajrl toe; at 'homegll thia Averring ; And es I ipokf art nnnoticeaiclancp over my ehqnlder revk'aled tHe young lady I had seen befort looking "hnxionsly'from tho door of belr room. This Was bo't the simple matter it first appeared to be, t felt curtain CO. , 'I proceeded home itt'nhce arid thought ont the caae before me Tc'clid not take me Jong, considering the Hibbed' Infbrmatiou I yet possessed, to Come to a conclusion which roved pretty 'accurate in the end. I wan owever, abm. what dn'xione for the promiaed 'jer u0' a father disappointed as hour after hoar passe 1, and at'ill no one appeared About ton o clock I thoiigh'r about- gblng out. bat Juet thsa Irim.ii.bvred'het iq all pro- babili-y idne ; 'h.Clqdk .Wurtld' pass before dinner would lib over in' .audi a faehionahU eetablisbmCnt US, that of My,' Taunton's. At half pMk ten' a eab diovcr tip to the door aod two eloselj. veiled ladiea rapidly aliuhted They were about. to knock, -but I had been t.i tho aittirig-roq& windolv, and JpenCd the door ill time (o admit tliem quietly, '"'Asking them to be 'sea- ed. T waited silently lot whatever 'they' proposed Bnbmitiing to '" ThBmnld Waaihe;arB(' to ifirawiip her veil, and ahe prdeded very (r,lo|)lgeD|ly to state the esse as I alreadf knew jt J bnt bring fail Uware of the value of timo to ths young lady present as well as' to myaelf, I add : 1 You will pa(don hi veomlug abrnptneas, bat we may ht well' dhdsfetand each other at once. 'I conclude ' that you consider Mr Archibald Carrlngtoh inhocentof the crime with which he it chargpd. If jfdu .wlah me to "0 Of any asivlce to you— and him— joo must confide in pie completely. At the same time I' hope yon will undera-and that I do not court yonr confidences.' There whs a peuBei'-and at last the lady ended it by suddsuly -'raising her veil and din playing almost beautiful face. , Pollcmtn are like otheimeo, us far as appreciation or beauty goes, Mile Taunton wee pale from excitement, end her Urge dark' eyed fairh glowed from the. same caunC,' and" from a different but rqudlly untrlat'.kable emotion. I will oonDde In yon,' ahe' said;' dCcisivelr nAlow.bat Wooderfally pleAAAtik voica "My eouBiii it incapable of commiufug the crime -of wbich he boa beenaccaaed/ She then,, at.cpnaldBrubla length, explained that the accused yoong officer was of a sunny and genial .disposition-, that'he-had never been bronvht up to view life in" a very serious fWl end that If he'played deeply end backeil horaea indiscreelly, it wae more from thoughtlesneis ' than' finite extravagance and vlclouaniia that he erred. lii, addition to thia,' she proceeded, > he bai ell along been led to believe tbat ho would be, in a tenie, the heir of his ancle, my father.' .., £?rdn mp,' I Interrnpted ; 'Iknow that Mr. Taunton bee nn snna. but I fail to under, stand how, Mr. Oarrington could expect to becogie hia uncle's heir while the Utter had amnghter.' She howed her fine head at this somewhat ggde speech ; but it was ncc-ssary for - the ends I bad , in view, and, I could not snare her and do my duty. Her Que face was deeply Bushed when ebe raised her eyes to mine, and without .another word I nnderatood the eeet clearly, which I had already half. ' Tbe fact la,' I continued, 1 there existed, until some of Mr, Carrington's excesses were discovered, a kind of family understanding that he shonid ultimatelr marry you, Miss TatuMon V "She bowed. Now we' cothe 'nqar the ppint whiob.I tnttst have made ' ofear if I am 1 to prhve this onhg gentlemen's innocence— if -'ho is inno cent; Do yon kndw If he his ahy enemies ?' , ''T know of nona His nature is sO open and snnny, that be can have 'formed no neqiM.' I 4Ju«t go, I am pretty well satisfied ou 1 thut, puiut .myself, and I regiet -tbst I 'am ,ouo« more, ooapelled to enter upon deliceth ground. I em sure you cannot feel offended at simple official.' inquiries, which remain un known to all the world but myself. Other gentlemen have doubtless aspired to' the honour of en alliance with you, MietTaan- ton? i k Vb' ,e,, ?!? r®plied. almost- hurriedly ; ? no 1 feel certain, who could descend to the terrible crime of endeavouring to ruin , Creature for mob e purpose.' An, Mtss Tatinron, you cannot know Luujhd nature as I know it! Bat yon can avoid the pain of a further pursuance of this nunject if you' menttoo tbe nemea of some of your more favoured sailors.1 ." B0«bl them -10 le 8ntveilUnce of the police T "Never T .ufa,4OBai?1"?0- Strait me to remind you that it is the liberty — perhifpa the life—of an innocent man thai is at stake. That man t« yoang-T-yoCr own cousin ; and if I am not rmaukea be has a deeper claim upon yonr affections, than mere relationship would oo'itle him to.' Mies iaunton hung her head again for a "a/0 #0f anB 'ken acrid, in a low voice : ia t k® fwr "one time favoured the suit w Captuin Bnnooe, and he hoe been much at our bouae lately. ' Thank yoQ,' 1 proceeded. And now wheii your father naked for a portrait of Mr. larririgtoa, you aeut nie the oldest and least perfect of all yon had iu yonr poBsetslon ; vou did not wish me to arreat him. At jreeent it appears to-be my duty to arrest nira ; but we petjple r'coRtriee a higher duty Vf ?u urrueat,n« suspected peraoua , Uur niRheat und tint duty i« to deaf the, innocent and find out the guilty. If I am to. be of eer vice to Mr. Carrin»ton I must be able to find hiui. To find bitu easily I moat hove a better Ukeneaa of him tbau this and X n-tnded the carte to her. . I trust la you unreservedly,' she aald, as J £ew B keavy «old necklet and locket il?»m iV neck4 Touching a spring lu the # i?t. e.D ftd displayed the 1 couuter felt likeness of one of the brightest faces I .ever aaw. The expression was perfectly joyous, frank, and ingenuous. Bam a beauriful work of art, I bad the exact colour of the hair aud of the eyee. The former was bright golden- , yellow, while tbe latter were of a strange light.blue or gri-y hue that gave .a pecoliar uppearanco to tbe whole man. It seemed, even m the portrait, as if those joyous, tranrparcnt eyes could be wonderfully weird under a change of mood, aud thia prepared me in aomo degrea foe the zemotkeble occurrences that followed. Paut II. I was not surprised that Lieutenant Arobi. bold Csrringion did not face hie acoueers. The i harsb treaimsnt received from hisnnole led him to believe, no doubt, that he would fiud no favour there. It was. of conree. vsrr iipparent to me that be woe not only very hoyiah and easy-going in his wsy of living, mind bl»Baed with any greet strength of Befora entering the police, I bed been in the srmy myself, and, at fortune wonld have it, on more than one ocoaaidn my regiment snd the regiment to .whioh Mr, Carrington belonged shared the same quarters in different garrison towns. Having been troop-sergsaot. major of my old corps, I had no difficalty in renewtug old ncquuiiicosfiiu9 witti the P"8<thitt"rmor.,u' U— , -1' » "wlless to say that I tdok no, one into my confidencs regarding my bd.iueaa or toy new calling. I was engBgec| iii a warehouse iu the City, oi.joylng d very late holiday '—for October was far advanced. " There Was only one opinion regarding nnor r'110,0. >. the'regiment. He was loved thill's tf' "3 «ui"y— in the. seuie that he ai suppoiied to have succumbed to a jjuddsn tflniptAtion. The ynanger officers, who were h;e mors immediate 'companion, declined to, credit (hat ho over tampered with the oil. que, hecau>8 ha was nothing of a pen. man, and had never been kuown to talk of the ingeuutty of some people in connection with handwriting. _ I look up my quarters at the Wellington which waa kept by an old companion in ?r,iv! 'A? 0 k"d deal of my, tima Was epent the harracki! 'h® B"KBauta' in One night we were visited by a closeneetof atmosphere that would not have been oat of IC v lr addition to being hot lly' it became snltry to an intolerable degree. At -Bunsei ,1 finished playing a game wnh a friend, and he waa about to light the gas, wheo ho was called away, "The gas will only make the place hotter.' ,.0I?n -eu'. , nntil you return.' All right, he cried, ae be hurried out. I tat down on the window seat, end was soon nearly falling asleep. Presently, how. ever, I was aroq.ed by voices boneath me, aud I soon realised that the epeakere had come to that spot because a quiet recess was shed 8 by 'be deniolition of a temporary , 'J th'fiV l'v® got news of your governor,' the first speaker aaid. ' 1 Vou don't say so !' I do. That's the reason I axed you out o' thec«nteen. Look here. Ill bet vou nav thata h a handwriting:' and the speaker' hold out A letter to hta companion. ' It is. I'd know it in a thousand. The poor young fellow! Where can he be? You havme't given it to (he captain yet ? Wo ; bat I know where Lieutenant Car. rington is for all that,' ' You do?' u0, . e4n t J""11 ,ead th® piBtmnrk ? Ab, of course I Let's see. It's Kiogaton.' Kingston a not far from here. I'll bet he's written to" the guv'nor to meet him there.1 hoi you'll let me know as soon as you can ? If I could only manage I'd try to iun over dn eee him, fbf he's been a good master to ine. 1 The beat master in'the regiment,' returned Captain Briecoe'e man. ' My Jevii ia getting worae an worae'every day.' The apoakera now slowly returned to the door ol the canteen, and I clearly recognized the two men who had been pointed out to me as tho servants of the auapected Carrington and the gentleman to whom he had glveu the <d<-ctored cheque,' I resolved to be present at the meeting of the' gdntlemen, if'a' naeeting was what the letter proposed. Filling that, I ehould endoavonr to fihd Mr. Catrlngton myhelf in hie new retreat. ' I had juat come to thia conclusion, when a great Volume of fits seemed to hunt ont of the heart of the mdea'bf leaden ' cIo'udB bang. in(! bverhead; This waa followed by such a heavy peal of thunder as I have eeldombeard in' England; and then, as the' rain came pouring down, in torrents, I eaw a dark figure steal.' from the very spot where the military a.rvanta had been standing aud hurry towards the barrack gates Looking ®t, I beheld a' deserted sentryrbox, behind which a man cqnld easily have concaalad him self Who could the third person bo ? Was the City detective ou the eame track ? Nothing more likely. Ha knew nothing of Miee 'l'aanton'e belief,- etc., and would doubt less arrest the runaway officer on sight. And then I began to ask myself if that was not my duty also, The more 1 pondered the lesa easy I became In my mind. - My daty plainly was to arreat the man npon whose track I bad been set. . I was not supposed to pat myself up in the place of the jadge who should inevitably try him. -It- wonlabe fortbejary to say ' Guilty' or ' Not guilty,' And yet, after all, I could not get Miss Taunton's f toe out of my mind, -nor the pleading tones of her voice put of my ears. A fine officer I was becoming i Private policemen ere epeoially warned to be Cautions of female influence. i J,be Ihflneoce of these considerations I felt inolined to hurry at once to Kingston undi arreBt the culprit, 'Then . I' almost resolved to return to London at onbe 'and K-ave the whole matter in the hands' of the City officer, No, I would he ' done ' by no rival, and so I concluded to follow toy original plans, ,, Ah hour elapsed before the thunderstorm passed away, and, during the whole of the "to®! the lightning flashed and the thnnder rolled In a manner that was truly appalling, The rain came down incessantly, and at times perpendicular layers or sheets of opaque crater came sweeping aoroas the barrack-yard. ii ,?? kt'1! '0 howl Id seeming emula tion of the artillery of the heavens, end alto- gather the night wae euch-a stormy one that I fait satisfied no one wonld endeavonr to go to Kingston tbat night. N"' morning the gale waa somewhat ahated, but the rain attli came down with a regularity that rendered speedy cessation hopeless. The - barrack-yard was washed perfectly bare ; tho Btreets were equally clean bat the aewera and the gutters were flooded and the river was not -only overflowing its banks, bat mailing with fearfnl rapidity sea wards, bearing npon its olay-colonred surface all kinds of wreckage, from carcases of bullocks down to cats and dpgs, and from the framework of humble -houses to numberless fragments of all kinds of timber and wioker work.- . r I spent the most of the morning with the sergeant in charge of-'the canteen, bntnotbing of interest to me ooenrred nntil noon, when I was thinking of approaching Captain Briscoe's servant in some more direct manner. Just then i-<\- curae in' wlth Mr.' Cerringtoh's'maq, end said: , ' J.dm at 1 (hodght ! The gdv%ors' ordered his dogcart for half-past three. He stya he's goiog if it thunders and lightens asitdlq last night..' . ' To the eame place tbat we thought abont ? - - ' Yea, the tame.' , . ' Are you. going/with him , - , , No ; lie always takes hie groom for each dietanceg ' ' I wiih I could change with Bill.' ' No '.'h-juce. Tho governor's temper is nnbnar.ihle. Ho smash., his clock this morning because he forgot to wind it hp last uighr.' I did not wait for more. ' My friend tha landlord of the Wellirigton' had a nice trap and n smart cob, so I went and arranged to have them out that afternoon. I stirred abont a quarter-past three, and went leisurely along the road, notwithstand ing the wet. 1 never travel fur without my waterproofs, so I waa quite comfortable, when, I heard wheels in my rear. - , I kept jogging on, aud presently glanced behind, ro.find a tall dogcart, drawn by a 6nt> horse, coming speedily along. Behind this high stepper eat a tall, dark gentleman,, who held tbe reine in the meat approved manner. I wss anzions to bear whatever might be laid, and was rather pleased to find, that Captain Briscoe wai in the habit of speaking as if he wae at the head of hia, troop in the heat of an engagement. As t he dogcart Crept ateudily along, I heard; him any to his grOom : ' We will pall npattbe Bowllug Green Inn. You will leap down and order a glass of brandy and water for me, and when' yon have hrought it, yon will stroll into the, Green. As the dogcart passed me at thle point the- captain panaed. Immediately be' drew ahead he resumed : ' . 'You will find an ; unused skittle alley at the end of the Green, Tne yonngster was 1 to wait for me there, ' hnt circumstances ' might prevent , hia coming or staying. Should "you' find' bito. there, come back at' once and let me know, I "could hear no more, but. I bad heard enough. At I increased my'speed, I began to think how I should get ahea/i of the captain- now. He would never permit anything to pass him on the road which, hp had once pae-ed, so all I could do waa to beep up fair speed and rrnsl once more to what is com monly called ' the chapter qf accidents'— as if. anythmg ever ha'pp'ened thai had not, a purpose I I was agreeably ' Surprised ' at r the end of abont three miles to find the captain draw up in front of a yoadaidq fnn. .,3inpe hia burse did not want .water, it was evident that the captain himself required brandy. I took ad vantage of the delay to pass,' aud, once ont of eight, pat my cob to his beet speed, and thia. I kept np nntil I reached the Bowling Green Inn, where' I . decided to stay, and, : after very little trouble, 1 succeeded in getting ' into a fine open space between the fence and the wall nf the. thatched, aklttie alley, and immediately .beneath an open window,- in through which I could oiimb with the greatest ease were it necessary for toe to intrude upon the gentlemen., . Presently I heard the step of someone sound upon, the wooden skittle alley., It was ho donbt the man whom . I wae engaged to cupture, a-.d jet I could not move until I bad heard something of what .oocurred . between him, and this peculiarly saturnine captain. Thia delay caused me one of the greatest surprises of . my whole career, and I very muoh doubt if ever auotber officer was. so much astounded in the eame way, A'ter.a brief ideljiy. a second- person wae heard. This was the groom, , Glad to see.yon ,e|l, .«|r,', said the latter. Cap'ain llrlscoe ia outaide, and will be here immediately. . . . 1 All right, William/ returned. the fugitive, in a voice that seemed m interesting and unusual as. bis coneios. 'Drink my health, there's a good' fellow, and tell Briacoe not to delay.' , I heard the roan depart, and presently a heavier, more regular tread was . heard upon the gravel. Then .the rickety: alley literally oreaked under the heavy foots tens. ' Ah, Carrington, how are you V drawled the newcomer. 1 Can I do anything for yon?1 ' Can you ask V cried the other, iu a broken voice. 'You, and you alone, can . clear my name and honour, of tbe foaleat, most un. natural, and meanest of crimet. Sorely you can tell where .that accursed piece of paper was from the time when I handed it to you on Sundav morning and the hour you paid it into the bank? ' I scarcely aee the objeot of your inquiry/ said Captain Briacoe. The cheque lay in my pookehook all the time.' 'Impossible!' cried Caningtoq, almost fiercely. You know tbe oheqoe I rava you wab simply for one hundred pounds. Some one must have tampered with' it, since you are rocapable of se.ch an act yourself/, ' Pardon me, -I cannot tee the objeot of Bucb a statement. The cheque yon rato me wae for one tboneand pounds, and by its payment you took op in I 0 U ol the eame amount. Don't you sea, if "eome one," aa you say, had tampered with the cheque while it was in my possession that I would not be likely to pay in a slip of paper I thought worth only one hundred pounds for ten times theamouut?' ' Richard Brlsooe. I wae told by a dozen fellows to avoid yon at I would avoid the devil, I aee it all. I am your dupe — your victim — end too latchl know tbe atake for whioh you have eo boldly, to villainously played. Cowardly aooundrel, 'hypocrite, forger, andlier, heaven will yet avenge met'' I was preparing, 'to leap in and prevent a serious encounter, when I was amazed' by hearing a strange voice aay : ' No use uting any violenoe,' young sir. The esse is olear enough, and I arreat you in the Queen a name.' I hesitated no longer, but of course waa to6 late. I found Carrington in custody of Inspeotor Hamer, of the City, who shouted out: , ' I score thia time, Lockbart I' The prisoner was deathly pale, and hia light coloured eyes had now.the strange, weird ex- qre»sion in them I have apoken' of before, btill, his face was a muob more pleasant one than that. of Captain Brlsooe, whoetood in the small door. scowling, and grimly triuMphant. I thought then, aa I- think now/ that any student of hnman nature would have judged the captain the gnilty party; and the 'yellow, haired, boyish-looking prisoner as' innocent ol the crime ns a child in arms. . - i t I felt very; bitter about my defeat, but nevertheless determined to accompany Hamer and the prisoner to London. When we reaobed London Bridge the storm had. increased in ivlolence again; the riVar waa flooded, filling the cellars of low-lylng honeee in South London, and, high water juat being past, we could aee 'that thri tide waa running out with terrible force. - i v The prisoner was not handcuffed, fon-he was the gentlest of men. Upon being arrested he said he was glad the euapenae wae over ; that he was innocent, aud that- he was sure Heaven would ptovu it in its own time and way. The- moon wae shining fitfully through tbe :heavy masies of careering,' inky'clonda when the cab reached Lohdon ' Bridge. Hamer would persist in' my accompanying him to the police station to share in the responsibility of :tne arreat, and 'alter a little' consideration I thought it would be:wlseBt for me 'to do so He «ae just telling me hpw'bq came' to VnoW of the meeting plaoe nt the'. Bowling Greed Inn. It seema ho'had'Watched and "avoided nie since I had gone down to II-—, He had thei servants of Briscoe and Carrington pointed ont to him, and followed them oloselv abont. . He was in the caiiteen- with ' a frl'iid when he heard the, captain's man-whisper to the other to ro round" to the end of the building-' lie had.donsieo, ahd having hidden, ns I supposed, behind the eentry.hox, hbtied over, hoard all I had heard from the. bfltiardroom window. ' - - i - , . , Next morning, on e-elng Captain Briscoe: enter the meee, he boldly tvent to "his quarters, and, finding his servdnt" In' the' siuliigroom, asked him to go for bie master. He told hi in not to -hurry; as hi had plen ty of time, gave him a shilling for a blg drlnlc. and in hisabsenoohe found Cirrington's letter, naming the Bkittle alley ae the place' of' appointment and the tlmq as (Hre o'clock, or' about that time— Information whjeh'I lecklly ! got on the road from the Captain's "own mouth. Hamer waa just telllng toe that he didnt wait for BriBcoe'B retnrn. 'or for the ' return of the servant, when there cams -a > tenible crash- and a most startling ahbckl ' The cab had oollided wiih a haavlly.luden omrlbas. Oar off- fore wheel hadcome off, - srnl our horse was struggling among the feet or rne other two. . Then came tbe most tragic occurrence right under 'the eyes of over's 'core of people. . Carrington wak tbelfirat to disengage himsslf from the -' Wreck of the ' four-wheeler, and I qaickly followed,, balfefltonned. IcdarIdo my- 'horror 'And a amazement wboii l esw ' him " rapidly and deliberately crosa the' pavement 1 leap upon the parapet "frond " 1 one - Of the sears of the recess, and then plu"ge 1 brad foremost Into the swollen- and -rapidly, running river I The passengers on the 'bus Bbrieked. v I ran to look orer the bridge, but just then the muun Was obscured, ,, Vhe.n it came OUt sgafh tbetis'was' ilo ajgn of the un- kappy maa/ahd those who knew the nature of the water best, aaid that if he escaped being cruehed against the barges moored'jast below, he wdula never be able to keep afloat farther down. ... . Paut III. A disfigured body "of a young gentleman was found a few days afterwards ; but Miss Taunton, who had heard the terrible etory, was too ill to take any measures towards recognition. A i-enlor chrli from the bank was sent ; hut, a'thongh he believed he saw the remains of young Carrington, the whole thing was -considered unsatisfactory. Never thclesB, ho was hurled as the culprit, and death satisfied the law. Six monthe passed, and I was once more surprised tn receive a summons from Mr. Taunton. He was evidently near hit" end, and it wonld be impossible to affirm that b waa in hia right mind He was seated aa I fonnd him before, but his stoat frame had'be come gaunt and tbiti, his gray locks straggling and while, bie pate skiD shrunken and parch ment-lookiDg. ' I .have given orders to have thousands of hills printed and distributed, offering one hundred pounde reaard lor tbe apprehension of mV uephew',' Archibard Carrington.' ' ' But be ie dead, air, and the law ia satis' fied. ' But I atq not/ the old man said lire, tain jou once more to find him, Von will find money enough there for your expenses for six months and he handed me a cheque. ' I have written to the Comini-ainner for per' mission to retain you for the length of time .named. . I have asked him also to permit you to clairp tbe reward of una hundred pounds ; for that you will find him 1 am certain — yes. as certain As tbat we both ait here/ Of conree I reported all this to head- quarters, and was instructed to act in no way; ae doubtless the old gentlemen had been driven insane by the tragic end of his nephqw, Tbe ' search wsb fated not to end here; however. Most people, no doubt, remember some paragraphs, that went tbe round, of the papers about the tithe of which I am speak ing. They were u'snalty headed ' The RkoiMKNTi, Ghobt/ and apoke of some you nR .officer .who, bavjng died tragically, was in the habit of visiting his old comrades in tbe form of a spirit. He was sometimes seen gazing sadly iii at. the mess-room window ; at othets slowly descending the staircase of the quarters he once' occupied himself in H ; and several times he was beheld out in the moon light in the batraok.yard. i At last a new phase came over, the story. I The regiment was. removed to Alderahet, audi -on the third night of their atay'tbeapparitiou gazed in at the . window of the meaa-but in- the North Camp. Hie former comrade saw, hia sad, pale-blne eyee and waving yellow hair very distinctly, and the matter had' a great effect upon all. One officer, however, Captain 11 , who sat right opposite tha. window, was so excited that he had an epi leptic fit, and was now aerionaiy ill. Miaa Taunton, the ghost of htr former radiant self, visited me that night-and drew' my attention again to these paragraphs, ' endihg'wlth'tbe assurance of her belief that' her ooasln wae atill alive,' and that it was' he himself who wet haunting hi) old regi-' meat. , . I. then told her. all that oocurred between' Mr. Harrington, and Captain Briaooe in the skittle alley of the Kingston inn " > . Ilknowmy coasiuU innocent/; cried the young lady. ' Coptain Brisooe thought to. re- niore a rival for my hand, bqt, thp snppoied death of my consin gave me an excuse for not seeing him again/ ' < , I took up the case'dnnO mors! "I wen'l'down to Alclereliot and. found that Briscoe's papsrs1 h-cl beep f-qt in., Tha 'ghpsl' waa attributed to ho the, caty-e of .his resignation. . - - I followed, bjm/o town thpt night, end saw1 hiui.i-nter « giitohljng .hell near. Piccadilly, the owner of which tat been ' An Expert in Handwriting" once connected with one of- our metropolitan police- nourte. ' He had,1 however, gone to prison for a serious offence, and had lived On gambling ever since his1 release, .... 1 Captain Briacoe. opened the private door1 with , a pass'-ljey.. He and De Mnrlienville' were /(iende— perhaps ', bari'nersj My ideas- werd rapidly formed aha aoted npon. I rang end asked for Ibe proprietor. ' 'At eoon as I woe seated I said t 'I am: a police officer, and if yon desire lenlencv of treatment, you will make a cleata breast of what you know of the cheque that was alte-ed here in last October. ' - The fellow, began tp. bluster, hat I slowly brew mv ' bracelets' from my pooket, earing 1 We know you ere not the principal in the .cage, and therefore gave yon the opportunity of explaining.' ' Will you admit me to Queen's evidence.' Ana I will tell all?' cried tho scoundrel cringing immediately before my random shots. , 'I promise you nothing/ I returned, coldly.1 If you are not the principal, however, yon have not punch to fear/ That gave him confidence. He made a1 clean breast .of, it. Briscoe bribed him to alter the cheque, assuring him that the1 offence would not bei serious, since he never intended to draw the money, - I called the policeman on the beat/ who Bent me hie sergeant. We entered the ohief saloon, where icarte and baccarat were1 going on. Approaching Captain Briacoe I said that I should like to speak to him in the ' next' room. He rose with, a: look of proud anger on .his flashed face, bet that immediately' changed to fear, .apprehepsion, and horror ' and hoarsely shouting, ' Again — again 1' fell to the floor, writhing in agony, at foam, tinged plentifully with" blood, iBsoed from' under his large black moustache. a Mwi no' thB apparition of- Archibald Carrington, but Arohibiild ' Car-' rington himaelf— pale, thin, emaciated, find melancholy-looking. He had survived the' leap fnto the river, having hung on to a mooNpEvbuoy,, nntil a wajermai), oaasinR/ ohaSrved ana , drew .him into hia boat. Ue' had memory enlugh to get Into' » cab a'ftor rewarding the good man, find, driving to the bachelor chatohera of a retired fellotr-officer he was (eartily welcomed and 'iatefully nursed throuj-h a long 'illness. It was this1 friend s idea to haunt Briscoe: like a ghost - pud the p an qndonhtedlv served, its purpose.'' I took him to Miss Taunton's that night With Captain Edwardes, his. friend. Captain Rrlscon rohiaiqed- under police' care at' st.1 George'R "Hoepitfil for' idiir dave;' whrn h»! recovered consciousness aufflcieritly long to) confess hial guilt and the mercenary object1 hebad. tn.iytew: In getting Carrington ont of broken .congtitqtiop - then sno-' combed,, and., further., notoriety was avoided > ij'M'BBjTaoritou afld! Carrington were ,eoon quleilyinartled, and aa he akaumed hori name when they returned from a long tonr on the Continent, all' the evil' past waa for- gotten. I Waa permitted to accept the' undred pounds, 'toward, and I am -atill1 known in some circles as the fellow who laid! The Regimental Ghoat. 