i'MJS. (015110/ A BOMANCE OFTHE BEEP... , ,' | I dreanjt » djeatp .that ,w".s not, (die droamj , BY W.,; CLARK .Russell. i , ' chapxeb XX.-r(cpntinoed.) The woyage to the. Indian Ocean and, bftCk, anyway,' cried Hiram, ' touching at an iaiaud there. . Ye'll.- allow that.' There was a general mnrmur of assent. ., 'Very well,' continued Hiram, speaking with excitement, ' and, I ehonld like to know if be was to Gud a countrywoman of oars upon that island, or any BDipwrecKed. sailors neiouging to me Veralam or any oilier, weir el, I should like to know,'. be cried in bis huskiest voice and with a stern roll. .of his eyes over the, . men, 1 if there's e'er a, seaman here as would say, 'I'm uot agoin' to rescue that there woman .or. thein there men ; it's a job I didn't sign for?' There was a pause, broken only by the llap of a sail as the schooner rolled to leeward and the rippling of the water at the stem. Some bright stars were shining in the dark eastern blue, but weatwards.it, was stilt a rusty hectic among the lines of clouds whose skirts were blackening to .the night, though their brows still held traces of the glory that was deep down behind the Ben, 'Why, of course,' said Goldsmith, ham-, mating at a lliut for bis tinder-box, ' it you put it iu that way, capt'n, it's, right , enough. Ne'er a man here, I s'posn, believes in ghosts, nobjects ye can see and yet walk .through without feelrn' of "em. And our wish to heat, what you had to say about the yarn Johnny lay and listened to wasn't, because we was such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually hound nut to bring home a ghost, but because none of us not having much acquaintance with ,'wliat goes on iu parsons' minds, , we agreed that there must be something uncotn-. moil hidden, from .us ,in this, woyuge, and. wanted to know what it was.' ' Well, ye have the truth,' said Stone ; .'.and I'll go a bit- furdor'wjth you' yet, "mates— the capt'n here'll beat me out ; the reason why the clergyman didn't,, tell us afore we started that he had dreamt the lady he was to.be spliced to was pn, the; iaiaud, was 'cause he was afraid of being Bneered at. Ain't, that a likely thing ,iu a man?, Why, I've known chops . afraid .to ,snv, their prayers— actually ashamed to ask God's blessing upon them and those, they've left at home — for fear they'd be laughed at by .their, mates, choosin. rather to put aside Go.iV, love thsu be Jeered, at by the meanest qf, bis, creatures.',., : ; ' Well, that's, true enough,' grumbled Breeches,, , 1 I myself .have had feelin's . I aboutdnft, ha' . liked ;to talk, pbout, 'specially when my boy, was drpwnded.' , _ ' It's all that blooniiu' Johnny I' cried Joe Hall. ' If he'd told tho cook thotruth there'd ha' been nothen said. But who was goipg to know what we was bound on? for when that, chap comes along with his yarns.about gkoa/s and aperrits on an island waiting, for , the schooner. to take,, 'otii off? ; , ' 'And I ain't Burs, Micky,', said Sawyer, turning ;,uppn the,, . conk,. ,' that the, .yarn wasn't, aggravated, by, ypur way, qf , relating nf it'' . . 'I'll Bwear,' criod Johnny, who stond cowering hebiiid. the foremast,,' that I never said, nothing .about tHe ghoat 8 . hove I'eiu' like ridin' lump for brightness. Yet Micky made that out. S'oln me, skipper, .it wnr Micky's temper that forced me to 'apioin why I hadn't coma forratd afore, or rather than I'd ha' said a word about the parson's y'aro I'd hW berni— and.hbre, as was apparently,'his chatom, he expressed himself, willing to incur oil sons of frightful and horribje calamities, soch as being struck 'blind and the " like. Tuis the.'. cook answered by calling Johnuy mauy offensive names.. But the crew now saw how it was. . Tnere was nothing more to argue about ; besides it' Would be eight bells before long, and time for the men who had the first wutcb below to think of inrn- ing in. ' A queer notion for them to have got into thsir heads,' saitj Hi torn to Stone as they Wilicoci . ftft'; ' better Bay notheu about , it to Mr. b"ortesou9 j it might make him oneasy.' , ' So I think,' replied Stone... ' I duimo that I'm sorry it's happoned either,' said Hiram ; ' if the woyuge was puzzling to as ult it was bound to be puzzling forward : but now it's onderstandable to uil hands— at least;, onderstandable/ from tho curate's way of looking. at it. Mind ye, Bill, what I said to the. men don't prove that I cease to consider the whole hilin' of this start amuziu'ly soopernat'ral, as Breeches rightly calls it. I've been running It over all . the afternoon and have come to the conclusion that this here woyage must be regarded us a Wtiirn piit into the gent's, mind by his dream. If the bearings oi your island, are correctly. „ivou, we shall 11 id it right enoagh, bat that s, Jtl f nothen else; hut the island, if it aiu.tg "a- Well1" we'-'i' have to find that, oat by waiting,1 said SlOWf- My view is, that since as muc'i sb ha could, find out about his dream turned out true the other, part II be true.lik.v-, wise Ye know, Hiram, that there no uoo- seusicsl piety about me. SVhut 1 believ-e in 1 keeps to myself unless I in asked to speak. Mv notion is that oue soul's quits enough Iqr a man to look arter in this World, mid that il he cousarns lii.aaelf with oth«r peoples souls he stands 1 1 let his own go adrift So, tench- lug this here dteara, I don t want o htifgua sail Iw.s some ibuvened retired .sea cip- tain, who makes friends with girsuns in toe hope of gumg a hoist iiuo a nertb ashore thruugh em ; all that I. desire to say. is that the Being' who made' them stars, and the. holler of whose haud is big enough' to contain tne ocean and' everything all >nc on if,, is as likely to show mercy to a man by patting a uselul dream Tnib his bead as by bending a gale of wind jh'et when all hands think thetn- Be'V\Voy|atyes1' exclaimed Hiram; following the indication of old StoW 'fiojisr as he pointed aloft ; " there's" no; limiting Of the Lord's powrr ; everybody'knowe that ; and it 'ud he prebuinpsious.' he added, emphasising the 'b' as though' he would have htooe to observe his m»'ierjt fiver difficult word-, in me to a >y the parsort'e dreuin dldnt come from the Lord. Still; Bill, ye know, it would be more satisfactory if this class of wisiooa was more general. There've been a, good many dreaniB gblfig on In this world ever since Adam woke Up'aud found UeVfe'oionB- eideof him, whicn aoine married men nngm cotteider in the light of a nightmare t but' when it come to one chap, being ampled oat 1 He paused, and ' added; : Tell ee. what I Bbould like to'dream qf, Bill, aud fiod come true ' ' ' " ' ' What 1' said Stone, gaping. Why, of a hisland— not with a ghost upon it— but with a' signboard standing np and Buying. 1 F.ur foot down lies ten1 thou sand pound in good rao/.-y.' That 'ud be a practical dream. Bui when it comes -to females in wisions impioriu' of you—— He was checked hy S'one gripping of his arm, and at the same moment Mr.vForieBcne came out of the cabin, It was natural that the crew of the Golden Hope ehonld find matter for talk in what 0 iptain Weeks had told them. Certainly tne curate's dream did not correspond with Johnny's notion of their being bound not to an island to biing heme a ghost; but it 'ur- nished the voyage with a motive that made it Beem a queer aud uncommon tning in tne thoughts of the simple, ignorant fellows: and Mr Fortesoue was promptly transformed into a mysterious person lo their funcy, who had visions and was to a certain extent pos sessed, and was consequently to ba treated with respect and politeness, because it was certain he conld exercise peculiar powers, and was therefore a man not to he offended or annoyed on any account whatever. This was specially old Breeches's notion, and the rest of the men took It up readily. For several dayB there was nothing much talked about in the forecastle but Mr Ffir- tescue's dream, and every man had something to eay about it in ihe ehape of stories ho had once heard ; in fact, they ended in frightening one (toother with yiirna anouv aputtr'uuuo, corpse-candles, figures of drowned seamen riuiug in dead calm weather at midnight, to read BhicB names, then Bhaking their heeds with ««"'iira of disappointment H"d sinking again ; even Johnny had his yarn to aud, whilst Breech's, the oook, Goldsmith, and Jim Kitt related a score among them, till the night watches hecame decidedly un comfortable, and the shipper or Stone would wonder to see the fellows hanging about in couples. . . . , But b» degrees the supsretilious feelings among them wore' themselves out ; the i men would notice 'that the curate was all kind- neBB and gentleness in hie way to them, that he bad always a piessam gice,,.. man who name past him, and a friendly word for the helmsman, whoever he might be J he d read from the Chutoh 8ervice to them on Sundars, and add a few words by way of a sermon. Long ere this they had found out that they were a good and willing crew, the captain a smart hand, and Stone a genial old seaman it wan a pleasure to wo-k andsr; eo alter they had 'yarned one another into uu ' anxious and nervous oondttlon, they turned to' and talked themselves ont of it, all agie-ing— even the cook -that they had ' P .Utshed by ip-dU errangMieot with the author. never been iu a more cointortublu little craft, nor engaged in a pleasanter voyage," dream or , no dream. ,. Indeed, Johnny's carrying his blundering tale forward proved us fortunate an occur rence as fioulrt.huvc been fviebed ; for. first, it converted .the curate, into a vsrv i-npre-sive peraouage, not bo much to be greatly likol as to be /extremely respected ; next it raised a curiosity among the, crew, as to the issue, of the voyage, and this pat a spirit of unanimity into thnai ; theii a certain kiud of sympathy tva'1 begotten for Mr. Fortescue, after re peated discueBione in ard on the forecastle, for it waa plain he was always sad and griev ing secretly;, his far-away look would 1)9 noticed, the very smile he would give was as but a light upon his lace to exhibit how much of sorrow was there, mid when the crew took this and combined it with their belief that he could see visions, aud that ho bnd bean spoken to by heaven in his dreams, and that what jio was seeking was a, sweetheart who had revealed ber existence to him and shown him the island she. »hb upon, and which William Svooo knew all about,, they felt a sort of importance, as of men engaged in something solemn aud woncleriui, superior 10 any kind of j )b seafaring men bad ever been asked to deal with. . But it took, tbem from forty degrees north latitude to the doldrums to arrive at this state of mind. As to Fortesoue he had no idea that the confession he had msde to the captain and mate . was known forward. He certainly observed the a-kaut glauces the men would throw at liiin, the wide berth they sought to give him when their duty carried them to and from where he was sitting or standing ; then, 1-tsr on, he'd notice the more g-.-nial manner, the qoicker, the less apprehensive recognition of his gentle greeting ; hu-. he was too aneent- minded to attach the significance indications of the kind would win from a suspicious or sharp observer ; he knew just enough ubout sailors to imagine be could not err m attri buting any oddities of behaviour to their habits and principles, until the. merging 9f the. crew's feelings Into a general sympathetic willingness aud contentment lor t him uothtng 'to oli-erve, even . if he ever had eyes lor marked conduct among tbeni, iTiie daye supped py, aud tne voyage to tne Ifidiau Oceau promised to he perfectly event- less. They carried a swinging north-wester through the Horse latitude-, and picking up the north-east trade wind, after a couple of days of light bafii ug airs, in twenty-eight ds- greee north,- swept down.tbe Atlantic with trie chuuder of the breeze, that blew a 'reon ale at times in their reeled -mainsail,, till . tfcey found themselves one day creeping and crawling over a. brassy, burnished, glaring space of equatorial s-», eagerly catching every faint breathing of air uloft, or watching tv"" eyes that seetqed entranced by the breathless "deep for the dimmest tarnish of draagiit fuint- ing as ic came oil'- of the pale azure ruled by 'the water-line This waa a trying, time for 'Fortesc'ue. The spell of dtagnatiop". might .have been endurable to him the other s-deof, .Africa,; but here was the s booner swinging helpless near to the parallel on which the island lay, but with'a vast, continent betweeu, which had to ba measured, and the mighty 'ocean off Agulhus entered' before he should be ublu to verily otone e solemn amrmu- tiori. ' Boih the captain and the mate, must have long a(o guusded tb»it the enuikcoriul bull would be tbe place to tux.tha patience oC the man Whose laiud seemed easy only when the Golden Hope was JNshinR through the seas, bringing the island closer by every daring aod graceful leap she to<»k ,fiom emerald hollows to snowy heiRUta ; aud until the breeze came that blew tueoa clear ol the equator they wore constantly apologising tor the weather. V , 1 Here's April the Hth, Mr. Forfcescue, Hirain said, ' and to bete Iroiu latitude forty decrees north bus been such Bailing a« no man with a conscience in biui could ull foul of. I allow that the run iroin the rhamea has been longer than I bargained for ; . bat what are ye goin1 to do when jts nothoi .put chibkneas and ratqpin' V Aud tb««» oterie would say : 1 Well, thin here .stilluea-, air, ain't cheer- ful, certainly ; but I've aiwaya looked upon this put of the ocean as a aort of baiting- place for ehipsi- K'a the sign o' Neptuue, and hero vessel which »have hen bard. 'drove, whether coming from the north or from the south ure gl id to rent, ui the' G»nl«u Hope ia, to recruit their health, ana ury tneiuaeivee, and Hprawl a bit in the sun, like hens which ye'li see upon a saud»heap and iwadow till they make a hole, when they cocks a leg and wing ouv tne wery picture of heasinesa, to my way of thinkm'. But depend upon it, sir, th'. Hope'U make. up for this apell of 811110' down. If the eoutu-eaac trades ne still u-Oloviu', wait ttil the achooiier»ca«ches em fair on the port bow. and then ye'll see bow far oir sbe'il. allow the Cape to remain tu a H? happened to make thin remark to For- t9ftcue in the presence of Hiram, who ex- "' Wmu d'ye mean, Bill, by saying IK the south-east trades be mil' a-blowm ? Wrigt e to prewent 'em J' . . 1 We'll, I ouiino, I'm sure,' answered S'one, bit t.1 t?ll you the uuth, skipper, so inauy changes have taken place since I fuBt went t» sou as a boy, that it's u sort o' defyiti of .Providence not to put IP before notions which was formerly certainties.' ' But you wouldn't say IP ths sun should irtBe. to-morrow morning, Bill, as though you wasn't snre ?' exolaimsd Hiram, who partly from lovn of argument and partly from the desire;, '.to amuse Mr. Kortescue, would often engage uie mats in discussions . of this ' ' -Why, perhaps not,' answered Stone, ' 'cause if (be sun didn't mean to rue to morrow, morning, we should ha froze to death alore we- could speculate on his intention. But it's another matter with winds, which it they be governed by laws, don t sesiu to understand 'em When 1 was fust gom to sea, tb« north-east trade always blowed more no'therly than it do now, and the south-east rrace-utore h easterly.- Thingfl ure bhueiiu ,t "don'r. see how they can help it. Take this here globe Asirouomsrs say it s gal", in in matter. Consequently it must be growing bigger. Very well Now, rake the sun. A-trouomerH say it's slowly consuming of it self upp I think rhatiH likely, for certainty in England it ain't bo hot ju summer as it used to .be. Now, it's plain to me, if -the oarth'a gro viu' neavier, and the sun s gsttuv smaller, our hoibifa a cuangm , likewise alter the winds. In fact, my notion is Mr. Fortesoue, that in the course of ages, this here globe 'If run short o' water and be dried up aud become like the moon. >> ho knows that there ain't astronomers in some of the, planets wtttouiug »- through tels-copen as we watches tliem, und caluulatui .from records their ancestors kept, that if this here glone keeps all »n as it is, in so mauy mil lions of years it'll he like the moon, without u winiblo ftarn, notbwu but face, ana that all ''To which niram replied : ' Why, that may be, for whoa goiu' io guosB what II happen milliouB of years hence, and Indeed, Mr, .fot" tescue, wbo wants t-> know ? If there lent to be no trade winds in them times you II Und other laws tioperauii' which 'll answer jest its well. -I'm not a man lo be interested only iu the years. 1 may live in. I in willing to (eel consumed iu what may happen down to such time us a mau'j great giaua-cbUdreu are old men and women, nut arter tnat must become trouble to the in as aiu t now. born nor likely to he dreamt of for a long spell. D'ye see, sir ? No use talk ng with Scone hereof millions of years. east trades last my' tune I shall be eativfled, for there's no chance of- my young una takin to ssafarin', for tlio best of all reasons— I ain't got any.' CiiAi'Tgti XXI. — A Bhiep ITaw. If there was litue enough to luterest for tesoue in suoh conversation as this there should have been plsnty to amuse him in the faces of ths men— -S'-one earnest and, sympa thetic chietlv to he remembered by his hook- lint f«rsrtiiKr, which he seeined to score Ins observations upon tnu feature ; Hiram,' j lutiiy, with o certain cockeur«iie«H about him, and a lau«h like a ne»«h, and aemil like the muuth of a suck The calui lasted three days, during winch, s miehow ins schooner managed w sneak 07 r fort, xlloaof watur. It is trua she'd get un'iinpuls now aud then from a draught uf air and liiram would call the oiergymana attention to the , Prase wire-like ripples breaking from the cutwater when the sea resembled qniokeilvsr, polished and stainless with the image of the sun plain m t« heart, like the nucleus of a coinst, th« tail whereof was the Inininary's Purring Wrke — as thongn it was impossible for the schooner to BtuuU Htill. even wn«n vtiv im>»v ........ topgallant etun' stil hung motionless between every , long draw,,, gentle. gradual heave of the swell moving in sluggish folds from east to west Such progress as «« made was indeed like the nassaee of the Ancient Mariners ship that was prooelle i hy the atmosphere ahead and the closing uf it behind. _ . ' Dot why on ihi ihln'O i wph toi wv« . r " Th-fcl'UPii-"? !» fur, AQ i uIw«m froto boolft4» At lesst yoa'd have thought eo had you oome on deck one morning u. the curate ma. noticed ihe Utckermx gleam of a lull-ngb ship's canvas, away aboat two polnu on Xh-'"-— . starbosid bow(| and found that at soueet s though she w«is headirig5 south watds, the flcliooner had sneaked Irertay abaft the beam TIih was tbo' odder lor. the/ fact that for an hour after the cook, had hove some of bis wa«h overboard,, yoa wonld see it close / ; astern,, perhaps with tbe. grease of it widen ing out into an iridescent.patcb, us if it meaot to remain there all day. Bat the fruiter > ; awoa erful sailor ; in each weather as this. ! fibo wa-ilike a butterliy, all winge ; and not..; a breath conld come barely with weight).,' enough to give a plume-like curl to tbfr. . thread of nmoke going Straight np out of the galley chimney, but she felt it. . ( ,. It wax terribly hot in the cabin ; the ordi-- nftryapuman kept the qnarter-deck wet with. « ., swabbing, but the moisture broke away in : steam, aod the pitch in (ho yearns was a a soft, as wurtu cobbler's wax. Fortecue lived OQn ; deck, and would stay far into the nivht, but- only to reappear pale and unrefreehed, from a Bbor' spell of sleep in bis bed below. The - repose cf the mighty ocean was wooderfoU, almost terrible to him in those bushed and stagnant days. When there wub u stillness. . in toe schooner he would sit listening to the , silence betwixt heaven and water with hi» thoughts fall of Agatba. She was the prin ciple tnat centered all be viewed,, all hu ,, thought ot, till hie visionary character, bia quality of mysticism, found her ideal com-t , mingling in the rudiuut blueneaa of the day» the sparkling darkness of the night ; for his. love aud grief and hope made her the soul of . all thdt bis eyes rested on, and he beheld ber everywhere. . The roughest sailor forward would notice the rapt gaze he'd fix upon the, liquid light-blue line that defined thejuno tion of the .Bky and the ocean, and kuowing. ibe enrate's story, goeBsed be wan fancying he saw the iHland-with bin loved one u(>oii iu Once old Stone watched with awe the singular exprennion in Fortescae's dark beautiful yearning eyes upturned to a soft cnotber>o'-pearMike cloud that h«d arisen in tha e&ftt; aud floated radiaht to where the verge of the . hot white sunshine malted into blue, where it dissolved ; and a little later on, speaking of this to. Captain Weeks, ho said . ' Hiram, d ye know wnat fancy he pnt into tne with that fixed stare of bis? Well, you muv luagb, but I tell yer, be made me think that cloud which bad come out of the ea«ti . might have the reflection of the islaud and bis girl upon it, and he was looking to see if th representation was there.' Poor Stone 1 Hiram did. laugh, but never .. thelesH tbe old sailor waa near the truth, for... Byinpatby will give the plainest, moat unlet- , tared mind, the right kind of instincts for.: divinations. . But the impatience excited in the curata by this interval of calm could not check tho- , deep aod melancholy, aod eveu superstitiooB: thought. Night time. would give fancy i'B . keenest edge, when with, murmuring canvas . the schooner lay swaying on the cradling . swell under the .velvet black dome that glit- - tered with titers,, aud that was clouded with- diamorid-dust, and that was radiant wicb. . meteoric shootings, the btaud beauty of moon-like planets, and of orba which the- .. eyes of Fortescue bad never before beheld. , Then it was, wbeu tbe silence oi he dusa.-, had eutered into a deep peace into tbo ocean hush, wbeu no voice sounded forward, no footfall aft, when all lights were hidden or . extinguished save the binnacle lamp that dimly gilded the statuesque figure of tbo helmsman, when the motionless form of Cap., tain. Weeks or the mate leaning against the rail was distinguishable only by the stars h\% figure blotted out, when the rustling of the c nivas on high, and the light pattering of dew discharged from gaff, yard, and boom, from reef- pninrs aud bolt-rope and whatever else the midnight-bidden swell could shake, sounded like the murmur of wind, the falling of raindrops among trees ; then it was that Fortescue's imagination would take wiog and pluck from, tho seen and the unseen £9Ch» fancier that if the rough and homely saiToia forward had gathered their nature, tbeje.. | sympathy might have been changed agaia j into fear, and one might have beard of aome- I tnipg Iik9 » mutiny Tonnded on the time- honoured tradition of Jack's disliko of sailu) with a parson aboard. But yoa mast not go to the forecastle for interpretation of musings full of po»ry and mysticism, and tearful with the inspirations of a heart yearning for one deeply loved # If the clergyman s gaze sougntoav any vimu» particular star it was but to wonder whether h eh eye was on it, too; but then, you know, thoughts of her upturned coloutlese face' would visit him, and be would see her, villi' the phimtotn grew into a reality n BUhtftn ' tial at aunt as that which crossed the vision of Hamlet when bis mother stared to right ' and left in search of what the prince beheld; " ' Nor was i wonderful in 'a mind constituted a Fortescue's waa, that one effect of hi® startling and wonderful dream should be to ' impress him with the fancy that intercoufso. 1 ' could bB held between him and his distant one by sympathy. In 1 Jane Eyre the heroino hears the voice of the man she Inves calling f her, though be le leagues &wiy.; In the exUfende Of Bplrltual bonds wnfCB further distance could not break nor uttenuato f»to irrspousiveness, h«8 ben proved .by marvellous flhrresponaeiico of of desire, of feeling J aud eince this lertwvlj ayrnpatbetic or Hplrltanl union between ro tescue and. Agatha, would inevitably bo heightened to an extraordinary degree by tne vision that had brought her In her agony face to face with him in his sleep, there wau nothing singular— however it rnignt n»vo . struck Hiram or William Breeches— in tno young clergymau'e fancier during these Btill, '» tropica! nights, when he would look op at the heavens and believe that tho same yellow; star foe gazed at was watched also bv his lovo- with thoaghttt of him as hie were thougbCo of her ; that the deep souNpoken prayer ton would put np for her und for bimMelf to Go<k was re-eohoeci ny her in the darkness, mileo- away down 'yonder in the gleaming , east, through operation of some such amazing, ' : mvstenoue sympathy, as has mndevoicee- beyond the grave audible to living, lovrote - 6 There would be a mystery, too, in theeUent ocean night that tinctured his emotionalism with a darker shade of imagination, (to hb oontimoed ) 