©rumba Cool. Cloudy. Pleasant. J Green fields. Oval—Fireworks. Concert Beason over Great Masonic night. Bravo, Bird-in-Hand. Farewell, Spanish girl. Digging bee at Moonta. Last night of fireworks. Jubilee congratulations. Terrific rains in Sydney. Pickpockets busy to-night. New Fire Brigade to-night. Wesleyans showing loyalty* Spanish Girl to be sent back. Ebby's £400 a year in danger. Gold-mining again looking upi Look to your pockets to-night. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*91. Burgoyne, Bagster, Catt—which? Pity Town Hall was not crowded, Sydney encampment deep in mud. Agricultural prospects good so far, G. A. Farr delivers himself on art. Theatre—" Little Jack 8heppard." Football roles made more stringent. Will Burgoyne leid the Opposition ? Garner's—Cunard's Specialty Union. So we conldn't Btand the Spanish girL Firemen's dispute settled. New bro oms. Blue Ribbonist O'Donnell orates to-night. Will the Queen read all the addresses sent her? Music-loving public cleaned out—want a spell. Thermometer yesterday—Max. 131*, jnin, 51 8". More heavy floods—but not in South Australia. Ladies should leave .their purses at home to-night. White kid gloves, aprons, and swallowtails to-night. Men of Moonta about to Bet a good example. Lawyers the best represented class in the Assembly. Over 100 applications for firemen's bread and butter. Working men should remember that might is not right. Keen competition for Chairmanship of Committees. New members of the House choosing their seats already. Sharp-eyed detectives should be on the alert to-night. Who would have thought firemen were so thin- skinned? Last display of fireworks to-night. Blow by Loco Band. Over 100 applicants for permission to fight the fire demon. America is not the only place with lively telephone girls. Attempt to assassinate the Qaeen—with congratulations. German colonists set a good example in charitable works. Her Majesty's jubilee request—" Sive me from my friends." Proposed day nnrsery deserving of every mother's support. It is well to remember that " M.P." stands for "Much Profit." Of course new members of Parliament have free railway passes. Brother Lempriere " and—ah !— other distinguished citizens." Porter Hill shunting at Port Augusta tripped; smashed arm. Did Teetulpa yield £115,000 worth of gold up to three months ago ? Why think it an act of self- denial to attend that Bulli Relief concert? Still unemployed in Sydney. Want two meals a day till they get work. What will become of ali the congratulatory, addresses^sent to Her Majesty ? Telephone lectures by Mrs. Caudle if yotr ring up the Adelaide Exchange. Are guards of honour and such like strictly in accord with Masonry ? Strongly believed that \\\ ard will be out of the Committee chair next session. Directly a new member of Parliament is chosen a railway pass is Bent to him. Oldest tunnel in the world just completed is in Hungary; it was began in 17S2. S.A. Methodists leading the van with addresses to Her Majesty on her jubilee. Proposed increase of excise duty on tobacco likely to throw eqt 500 hands in Sydney. At the party—"'Slow, isn't it?" " Very.", "Let's go home." "Caa't;I'mthe host." Ghost of an Ex-MC. likely to have hia work to do to scare our burly Commissioner, Enter payment of members, exit railway,, passes; ergo, make hay while the son shines.' Mayor Smith should see to it that the citizens have not to pay for the police on Hospital duty. George Augustus Sala is giving the people what he did in Adelaide, amongst other places. " Busily employed in commercial life" is a legislator's definition of a printer's devil 1 * duties. Latest idea—Start a Society, join the Trades and Labour Council, and boycott the maste rs. Sun rose at 6.24 a.m.; sets at 5.36 p.m. Moon rises 10.49 p.m.; sets at noon tomorrow. Two good men and true, those 'Stirling Brothers; rejected by their constituents, and for whom ? "Ignorance and ambition" will be writ large upon the political record of some of ouc new M.P.'s. Why can't Commissioner Peterswald exhibit his photos of well-known sharpers now n Adelaide? A friend in need is a friend to be avoided. He will assuredly want to borrow half- acrown off you. Since when has the Lantern appeared without the Treasurer's hat ? Has the Editor a fellow-feeling ? Mayor Smith will have good ^company tonight—Her Majesty the Queen—when he goes to blazes. Now, then, ye Conferences, Unions, Synods. Presbyteries, &c.;, &c.;, rally up with your Jubilee addresses. Melbourne Tram Company got out of Eight Hours procession difficulty by following the' example of Adelaide. Must wait for balance-sheets before Bull Fund will know how much it will profit by Town and Port concerts. The " Spanish Girl" with " noddiugs" on is going home again. Even Rowley couldn't-- give her a warm welcome. Electors should observe with what readiness newly-fledged M.P.'s avail themselves of the overland line to Melbourne. A Parnellite M.P. wants tbe air of the Commons filtered—London fog aad Irish whisky too much for his countrymen. Quotation for to day—President Linco la - assassinated, 1865 :— O, noclit but love and sorrow joinei, Sic notes o' woe could wauken. Men with big stakes in the country—olJ residents, too—discarded for new men who are using the working man as a stalking horse. A sinful contributor offers to take even; betting, re Flinders, that Bonnin, Moule, and Horn will be within a score votes of each, other. Sam Pasefield's unsuccessful attempt to get out of the world with the help of razor again opens op the question of police nurses - at the Hospital. For the times— " prince can mat' a belted knight, A marquis, duke, and a' that; But an honest man's aboon his might, Guld faith, he manna fa' that." Three reasons why [everybody should pay to see the fireworks to-night:—1. Bulli Fund. 2\. Last display. 3. Portraits of Jubilee Smith and Her Majesty the Queen on fire. "I want to be an angel," Said the singer, aged and solemn; An editor in the audience said, " Put an ' ad." in our • want column.'" Topstone of new Bank of Australasia laid with fitting rejoicings, and duly wetted. Oamaru stone used—colonial article not good' enough to draw in the banking profits from S.A. Distribute plenty of green apples to celebrate the Queen's jubilee, Mr. Cook. You. can give the children a pain to remember the occasion by just as well as by an expensive dinner. . , £ 