Turf Talk. By JSTumo. The weights for the Liverpool Jockey Club Meeting to ba discussed to-day (Saturday) were declared on Wednesday. The Pace Handicap, six furlongs, is headed by Spoilt Child, Sst. Mb. ; and after him come Speculation, 8st. 81b., and Fig-tree, 'With a couple of pounds less ; so that, considering the poor lot he had behind him at Canterbury on Saturday last, the latter has been severely punished for his win. At the weights Goldlake, La Valliere, and Euroclydon are the best in, and the winner may be amongst them, unless it ba that Fietree is a better weight-carrier than is generally supposed. Fraud and-Dagobert arc at the head of affairs for the principal event of the day, the -Liverpool Handicap, and as the distance is a mile and a-quat ter the most likely to distinguish themselves are Figrree, Victory, and Leumtah. The Welter Handicap is very open, but Euroclydon, Speculation, and Nepicallina promise to divide the places. As the polling will also take place at laverpool to-day, the attendance should be unusually numerous. Judged from the number and quality of the entries received for Newcastle, the meeting should be a great success on the 24th and 26th of this month. There are 22 in the Opening Handicap, 26 in the Jockey Club Handicap, 11 in the Welter Handicap, 21 in, the Free Handicap, 16 in the Flying Handicap, 20 in the Epsom Handicap, 27 in the City Handicap, and 23 in the Final Handicap. The various events wiU be fully discussed when the weights appear. The entries appeared in. our last issue. A weu -arranged meeting win oe conunencea on i'ridav, the 11th (the -lay of our publication), at Manning River, and will conclude on Saturday. The weights for the han dicaps appeared in our last. Owners and others interested are reminded that entries for the Sydney Driving Park Club Meeting, on- the 26th instant, close at 4 p.m. on Friday, the day of our publica tion. The entries for the Canterbury Park Races, which are to come off on Saturday next, appear in another column. The different items have not filled so well as was expected, still there is enough material to make a good afternoon'ssport. The Flying Handicap has 15; the Prince of Wales' Staks, seven ; the Park Stakes, 24 ; the Canterbury Han dicap, 13; the Disposal Stakes, 12: and the Ladies' Mile, 14. The Victorian Amateur Turf Club will hold what cannot fail to be a highly interesting- meeting to-day. Business will begin with the Hurdle Race, and Huntsman, Moss trooper, and Sinking Fund may divide the honours. The Criterion Stakes is very open, but in the absence of Lady Lovell the places may po to Bedouin, Casuist, and Sun shade.' The Ghost will probably appropriate the Selling Race ; and Gipsy's Warning, Sedition, and Phaon should have most to say in the Oakleigh Handicap. The Steeplechase should be a sound one from start to finish, and Goodwood and Marmion and Ruby may have the winner, amongst them. In our advertising columns will be found the programme of the Queensland Turf Club Autumn Meeting, to be held on the 21st and 24th of May. The list comprises a dozen events, and half of that number are apportioned for each of the days. The following are the items: — First Day: A Maiden Plate of 100 sovs., 1J mile; Maiden Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., about 2 miles; Moreton Handicap of 300 fiovs., 1£ mile ; First Selling Plate of 100 sovs., 1 mile and a distance ; St. Leger Stakes of 50 sovs., If mile; and the Musgrave Nursery Handicap of 200 bo vs., 7 fur iongs. SecqadDai: Second. SeUiiur Plate of 100 sovs., 1 mile; Hamilton Plate, a -welter handicap of 100 sovs., a mile and a furlong ; the Brisbane Cup, a handicap of 500 bovs., 2 miles; a Handicap Hurdle Race of 150 sovs., about 2| miles; the Royal Stakes of 150 boys., Hmilc; and the Stand Plate', a handicap of 100 ' sovs, 1 mile. Nomination for Moreton Handicap and Brisbane Cup arc due on Tuesday, March 22, weights will bo delared on Wednesday, April 13, and acceptances due May 3, Entries for the Maiden Plate, Maiden Hurdles, Selling Plates (2), Musgrave Nursery, Hamilton Plate, Handicap Hurdle Race, Royal Stakes, and Stand Plate will close on Tuesday, May 3. Weights for Musgrave Nursery and Hamilton Plate handicaps are due Tuesday, May 10; while acceptances are due on Tuecday, May 17. The weights for the Handicap Hurdle'ltace and Stand Plate will be declared on Monday, May 23. Further particulars can be readily obtained from Mr; J. H. Pountney, secretary of the Queensland Turf Club. The ensuing week will be a very busy one with all con nected, with the turf. At 4 p.m. on Monday next, Mr. Clibborn will close the entry for the Sydney Cup, to be run at the Autumn Meeting of the A. J. C. The items are a cup, value 100 guineas, presented bv Lady Uarrington, and a handicap sweep of 20 sovs., half forfeit, or 5 soys, only if declared by Wednesday, the 16th of March, with 1000 sovs. added, second horse to receive 200 sovs., the third 100 sovs. from the prize; two miles. The prize will be unusually rich, and a very numerous entry should be received. Each nomination must be accompanied with five bovs., the amount of the first forfeit. On the same day and up to the same hour, nominations will bo received by Mr. C. S. Guest, secretary of the Hawkesbury Race Club, the secretaries of the A. J. C. and V. R. C, for the following events, to be run on the 31st of March and the 2nd of April respectively : — The Rowley Mile, a handicap sweep of 5 sovs., half forfeit if not scratched by 4 p.m. on the day preceding tho race, with 200 bovs. added; second horse 30 sovs., and the third 10 sovs., from the prize ; one mile; entrance, 3 bovs., of which 1 sov. must be paid at the time of nomination, and 2 sovs. (which may be paid at scale) if not scratched by 4 p.m. on the 16th March. The Hawkesbury Autumn Handicap, a sweep of 10 sovs., half forfeit if not scratched on the day preceding the race, with 300 sovs. added ; the winner to receive 75 per cent., the second horse 15 per cent., and the third 10 per cent, of the gross amount; one and a-half mile ; entrance, 4 sovs., of which 1 sov. must be paid at the time of nomination, and 3 sovs: (which maybe paid at scale) if not scratched by 4 p.m. on Wednesday, the lGiii March. The Tuniut Turf Club Meeting promises to be more than usually successful, on the 9th and 10th of next month ; and it should be remembered that nominations for the Tumut Cup and the Hurdle Race are to close with the secretary, Mr. M. M'Namara, at 8 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 15th. The cup is valued at 25 sovs., and to that is added 75 sovs. by the club, with a sweep of 1 sov. from starters added, second horse 10 sovs. from the prize, If mile, and 1 sov. will nominate. The Hurdle Race is a prize of 30 eovs., 2\ miles, and 1 bov. will nominate. It should not be forgotten that the Albury handicaps, to bo run on the 16th and 17th of March, are to close with the secretary, Mr. C. Ten Brink, at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next, tho 16th. The races that will then need attention are the Albury Cup, a gold cup, value 100 sovs., presented by Mr. John Hore, and 100 sovs. added by the club, with a sweep of 5 sovs. from starters, to go to tho second horse and the third horse to savo his sweep, 1J mile and 182 yards, Domination 1 sov. Handicap Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., withn sweep of 2 sovs. for starters, to go to the second horse, 2 miles, nomination 1 sov. St. Patrick's Handicap of 100 sovs., with a sweep of 3 sovs. for starters, to go to tho second horse, tho third horse to save his sweep, 1J mile, nomination 1 sov. ; and the Steeplechase of 60 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. for the second horse, 2f miles, nomination 1 sov. Nominations for the Orange Opening Handicap of 40 bovs., f-milo ; Railway Handicap of 30 sovs., 1 mile ; Town Plate, a handicap sweep of 1 sov. for starters, with 100 sovs. added, 1J mile, entrance 4 sovs. ; and the Jockey Club Handicap, a sweep of 1 J sov. for starlets, with 150 sovs. added, 1£ mile, entrance 6 sovs., will fall due with Mr. F. J. Mulholland at 10 p.m. on Saturday next, the 19th ; and the general entry is to close at 9 p.m. on the 8th of March. Excellent entries have been, received for the Glen Innes handicaps, and they will be found in another column. The general entry is to close on tho 10th of March. On Wednesday and Thursday next we are to have the New England Jockey Club races at Armidale, and the acceptances will be found in our present issue. Sixteen remain in for the Borough Handicap, and Wah, B.Y., and Lady Jane appear to be the best in. Of the 17 left in the Borough Handicap, nothing looks better than Invader with 7st. 111b., and Bonnie Bee and B.Y. may be his most dangerous opponents. With 16 still on the list, the New England Cup is certain to produce a good race, and in title event of Invader being reserved for it, he should have a great say in the matter with 7st. 91b., and he may have most trouble with Wah and B. Y. The first day's running will tell a tale about the Grand Stand Plate; and a glance at the handicaps will be sufficient to show that the reunion should be a most unqualified success. The conditions of the Burrangong Turf Club handicaps, which will be found elsewhere in our advertising columns, offer considerable inducement to those interested. The events are set down for decision on Thursday and Friday, March 24 and 25, and the principal items comprise the Town Plate Handicap, 50 sovs., 1J mile; and the Burran gong Turf Club Handicap of 60 eovs., 1| mile. The annual meeting of the Clarence River Jockey Club was held on Mondav evening, January 31. The members' roll now numbers 72. The following were elected a com mittee for the ensuing year: — Messrs. T. H. Smith, J. H. Munro, E. C. Lewington, M. Rush, G. H. Varley, H. P. Somerset, W. J. Hawthorne, E. L. Rutledge, and T. Baw iien; president, T. H. Smith; vice-president, J. H. Munro ; treasurer, E. C. Dewington ; secretary, T. Baw den; auditors, Messrs. E. C. Lamon and S. Dean. Amongst the horses that have done good work at Hand wick during the week are Arsenal, The Orphan, First Game, Lancer, Home Rule, Tristan, Matador, Orange Blossom, Wanda, Paladin, Recruit, Pilot, Emilius, Favo, First Chester, Rebellion, Herat, Sorella, Albanus, Quong Tart, Sir Edward, Mazeppa, Sentence, Hopeful, Lord of the Lake, Maid of the Lake, Zoeo, Albion, Major, First Demon, Gladstone Maid, Stitch in Time, Howlong, Esperance, Locksley, Rupert II., Speculation, Explorer, Cerise and Gold, Jackson, Lady Marion, Victory, Comus, Raoul, Aga, Lone Star, Seclusion, Rossiville, Lady Yatten don, Coroban, Presentation, Centaur, Glen Elgin, Butter cup, and Unique. Trenton has been scratched for the Australian Cup and the Champion Stakes. The son of Musket left this colony a couple of weeks ago in charge of Ike Foulsham to finish his preparation in Victoria, and as his party were particularly confident about his prospects, it can only be assumed that he has gone wr rag. It will be remembered that Lamond Jiad a great deal of trouble to get him to the post for the last Melbourne Cup, and as the Zetland Lodge trainer evi dently understood the horse, it is a matter for regret that he was taken out of the hands of his old tutor. During a recent visit to Wentworth (remarks our travelling reporter) I noticed some good horses in the stable of that enterprising and genial sportsman, Mr. C. M'Mahon. A powerfully-built mare named Rowena was being schooled over big sticks, with a view of Bending her to Adelaide. She is by Wild Eagle out of a Lucifer mare. Pearl, by Praetor from Mince Pie, was in work for the local meeting. A strong-boned colt, eon of Amendment and Mince Pie, should be heard of in the future, both on the Darling and at South. Australian meetings. He possesses immense quarters, a good rein, and splendid frame. Being requested to give him a name, I christened him Resolution. Amend ment, it will be remembered, was winner of the Metrop in Sydney, and Mince Pie is dam of Ruby, who, in 1885, at the Spring Meeting in Melbourne, carried off the Hurdle Race. She also ran second on two occasions for the Adelaide Cup, and since then has done well on the turf. . Resolution was bred by Mr. John Crozier, who now owns St. Albaos, Mr. M'Mahon has also another worthy of notice in Happy Jack, a bay colt by Triton (by Lucifer) from Alberta, and full brother to Suovenir. The Victorian Trotting Club (writes our travelling reporter) are to bo congratulated on their present success and future prospects. Elsternwick Park, in the early days, was a veritable Slough of Despond. In 1884 the club were nearly £3000 in debt ; but, thanks to the energy and busi ness capacity of the secretary, Mr. Thomas Haydon, the whole of the debt has been swept off, and this, too, not withstanding that over £2000 has been spent in improve ments. The racecourse, which is prettily (situated near the Elsternwick Railway Station, is now one of the most com plete in the colonies. Among other improvements may be mentioned an electric seratching-board, the invention of Messrs. Haydon and Gaunt, and which has also been adopted by the V. R. C. Mr. Haydon' s services alto gether have been so highly appreciated by the club that, at a recent meeting of the shareholders (for the club, in reality, is a sort of company), it was decided to recommend a substantial increase in salary to him.. Three years ago shares were almost going a-begging ; now they are at a high premium, and tho club bis money out at a fixed deposit. Such a healthy Btate of affairs speaks well for the management. Nelson arrived all right in Melbourne on Wednesday, and bids fair to be Trident's most dangerous opponent all through the ensuing meeting. Mr. W. Robinson, the owner of Mitrailleuse, arrived from Auckland on Thursday, and the mare will accom pany Soldier's Wind to Melbourne on Fridav. Monaghan will also leave for Melbourne on Friday. All the regular attendants have been doing quiet work at Rand wick each morning ; but little worthy of note has been done. Mitrailleuse is ono of tho handsomest mares that have ever stepped on to the metropolitan course, and her beautiful even stylo of going has won her a host of admirers. Sporting matters have been very quiet during the last tew days, and no outright betting of importance has taken place upon forthcoming events, though ' a good busi ness has been done in doubles on tho Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup at 100 and 200 to 1. For the Newmarket Handicap the following were the prices :— : 5 to 1 v. Mitrailleuse, 8 to.l v. Volcano, 12 to 1 v. Lochiel, 14 to 1 v.' First Game, 14 to 1 v. Abner, 16 to 1 v. Bonnie Doon, 20 to 50 to 1 vw any other. It is expected that Allen the jockey, who sustained severe injuries by a fall in the V.R.C. Hurdle Race, at Caulfield, will soon be able to leave the Melbourne hospital, where he has been under treatment. Martin O'Brien, who fractured his collar bone at the same meeting, has quite recovered. The second annual Cavalry Tournament and Military Sports, organised by the West Camden Light Horso, took place on Saturday at the Agricultural Show-ground, Moss The Hon. W. B. Dalley's colt should be called 'The Little Boy.' The friends of young M'Auliffe, the clever light weight, will regret to learn that he is seriously ill. William Tell has earned unenviable notoriety by falling on a lad named Benson, causing his death. Young Fielder will probably have the mount on Euroclydon at Liverpool to-day. . Nelson's half brother has been called Rataplan, and tho idea is not original. The A. J. C. has again chosen Mr. A. A. Devlin as starter. . Mr. Maitland, the well-known Indian buyer, had his leg broken by a fall when riding Woodbine at the late Ararat Meeting. Kingfish, who looks jaded after his trip to his native colony, is to be treated to a holiday. Trevallyn HoH injured himaelf slightly when galloping a few mornings ago. Matador and 'Frisco are expected to leave for Melbourne in the course of the next few days. John Driscoll, of Tim Whiffler fame, has five fine roomy boxes vacant at his stables, Bourke-street, Surry Hills, and will be glad to take pupils. As predicted by ' Nemo' in our columns last week, the outsider Maori Chief won the Hobart Cup. Hoppicker (late Calstock) has been scratched for tho A. J. C. St. Leger. The Graman race meeting has been registered at the office of the A. J. C. The hurdle racehoise Joey, who was staked while jump ing at Ararat on Thursday,' has died from the injuries he received. The Orphan, Arsenal, First Game, and The Wreck, left for Melbourne on Thursday. Bv tho Union S.S. Company's steamer 'Waihora the racehorses Mitrailleuse and Kingfish arrived on Sunday from Auckland, and were sent out immediately to Rand wick. Mitrailleuse is in charge of John Cane, and will proceed to Melbourne towards the latter end of the week. Both horses are located at J. Monaghan' s stables. Thomas Lamond, the well-known Zetland Lodge trainer, was elected an alderman for Waterloo on Saturday. Sporting men will be glad to learn that Astraea, who fell in the Canterbury Park Handicap on Saturday, has not sustained any serious injury, and will soon recover from her severe shaking. Longford, who rode her at the time of the accident, has quite recovered from the effects of his fall. The settling at Tattersall's over the Canterbury Park race meeting on Saturday passed oft very satisfactorily on Monday. The racehorses Phaon, Gipsy's Warning, and Faugha Ballagh have arrived safely in Melbourne from Sydney. The three-quarters of a mile match between Palaiin and Crazy Jane on the Canterbury course, on Monday after noon, was won by the former with ease. The Lawrence Races, which were adjourned owing to the floods, will take place on February 16. Sir. D. Cooper's horses Huntingtower, Chesham, Blair gowrie, and Bowmont, in charge of T, Lamond, have arrived at Flemington in splendid condition, and have created a favourable impression. The Flemington training tracks are in good condition and each morning a lot of useful work is done by the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup candidates. Trident and Abercorn hare been going especially well, and the farmer will be likely to appropriate the lion's share of the good things. Lochiel is another lhat is going particularly well. He is a fine powerful fellow and has made, many friends. The first morning that Trenton made his appearance on the Caulfield track he shied and ran off, and when pulled up was very lame behind. When he left here he was all right, and his sudden collapse has caused a great deal of disappointment, as his meeting with Trident in the Champion Stakes was looked forward to with great interest. The following officers were elected at committee meeting of the Manning River Jockey Club, on Saturday last:— Messrs. H. W. Flett, judge; A. M'Donell, starter; andK. G. Flett, clerk of the scales. It was also decided to pay a clerk of the course. According to the Bega Standard, a new club, to be known as the Rocky Hall Jockey Club, is being started. Mr. P. M. Sheeny has taken the matter in hand, and has a sub stantial members' list, a large number having already en rolled themselves. The new club expects to be able to put forward an attractive programme on St. Patrick's Day, 17 th March. The withdrawal of Trenton, from the Australian Cup will greatly detract from the interest in that event, for even with the top weight (9st. 81b.) his prospects were particu larly brilliant. Nelson now holds the post of honour with 9st. 71b., and if he be thoroughly well most stand in ased of a deal of beating, for he is a^reat weight-carrier* and has given convincing proof that he can live to the end of a long journey, be it ever so bitterly contested. Grace Darling has received more than her share at 8st. 91b. ; and, with lib. less, Arsenal should hold her verv safely. Although Sardius has come in for a little attention in the market, it is probable that ho has seen his best day, and at 8st 71b. each Trident should get home before him. The weight allotted Trident, 8st. 71b. is a great one for a three-year-old, and he will have to bo pounds better than First King, Gasworks, and Navigator, to get home in front That he is a better colt than First King has yet to be proved, but many good judges hold the belief that ho is, and so pin their faith to him. His performances have been of the highest class, and even with such a great burden he will be about the hardest nut that the great New Zealander will have to crack. Meteor is another from whom danger may come, but the length of the trip will be likely to trouble Lord Wilton and Recall. Chesham may al o run well, and with such a comfortable impost as 7st. 31b., Lochiel must run a great race. The race will be sure to cause a deal of specu lation, and the places bid fair to go to Trident, Nelson, Arsenal, and Lochiel. We have to acknowledge the receipt of tho autumn edition of that useful little work, ' Centaur's Index.' It contains the performances of tho horses engaged in the Newmarket Handicap, Australian Cup, and the Champion Race up to January 22. Like previous editions it is thoroughly reliable, and can be procured from the pub lisher, Mr. R. P. Hurren, or from Mr. J. Kellick, King street. Pursuant to advertisement, Mr. T. S. Clibborn offered for sale, at public auction, on Thursday, at Fennelly's bazaar, a string of racehorses, on account of various owners. The attendance was very good, and fair average prices were realised; when the good lots were offered there was a decided tendency for speculation. The following are the names of the purchasers and the prices of the horses sold :— Once Again, 54 guineas, to Mr. E. Palmer, of Queens land; LordCochrane, 2-50 guineas, to Mr. P. Kelly (trainer of Ben Bolt) ; Rebellion, 50 guineas, to Mrs. Houligan ; Reversion, 30 guineas, to Mr. F. Morgan; Bourke, 28 guineas, to Mr/w. J.Scott; Blue Blood, 90 guineas, to Mr. S. W. Knight; Aurelia, 155 guineas, to Mr. J. Dykes', Sun Dial, 60 guineas, to Mr. F. Morgan; Cynric, 30 guineas, to Mr. H. De Lauret; Good Luck, 15 guineas, to Mr. E. M'Carthy. ? The race horse Goldfinder was sold in Melbourne on Tuesday last to Mr. G. Glasscock for 35 guineas. The Bathurst Meeting is to take place on Wednesday and Thursday next, the 16th and 17th, and it holds forth every promise of being fairly successful. Thursday and Friday next are the dates fixed for the Burro wa Meeting. 