FICTION. :0: From VCuftlliti. Arnarlcnn, aact Other Periodical». THE ÜYSTERY. CHAPTER XXXIII. THE REVELATION. Next morning at breakfast, Captain Delaplaine ?was back ; but Reginald's handsome face and easy flow of conversation were missing. George Howard it happened was going on a skating excursion some miles off, that day, and had prevailed on Mr. Stan- ford to remain and accompany him. Rose felt about as desolate as if she had been shipwrecked ona desert island. There was a pang of jealousy mingled with the desolation, too. Emily , Howard was a sparkling brunette, a coquette, an y heiress, and a belle. Was it the Bkating-excursion or Emily'a big black eyes that had tempted him to linger ? Perhaps Emily would go with them skating and Rose knew how charming piquant little Miss Howard was on skates. It was a miserable morning altogether, and Rose tormented herself in true lover-like-style. She roamed about the house aimlessly, pulling out her watch perpetually to look at the hour, and sighing drearily. She wondered at Kate, who sat so placidly playing some song without words with the Scotch baronet standing by the piano, absorbed. " What does she know of love P" thought Rose, contemptuously. " She is as cold as a polar iceberg. She ought to marry that knight of the woeful countenance beside her, and be My Lady, and live in a castle, and eat and sleep in velvet and rubies. It would just suit her." Doctor Delaplaine came up in the course of the forenoon to make a professional call. His patient was better, calmer, and less nervous, and able to sit up in a rocking-chair, wrapped in a great shawl^ Grace persuaded him to stay to luncheon, and he did ; and tried to win Miss Rose out of the dismals and got incontinently snubbed for his pains. But there was balm in Gilead for Rose. Just after luncheon, a little shell- like sleigh, with prancing ponies and jingling bells, whirled music- ally up to the door. A pretty, blooming black-eyed girl was its sole occupant ; and Rose, at the draw- ing-room window, ran out to met her. " My darling Emily 1" cried Rose, kissing the young lady she had been wishing at Jericho all day, " how glad I am to see you ! Come in ! You will stay for dinner, won't you ?" " No dear," said Miss Howard, "I can't; I just came over for you ; I am alone and want you to spend the evening. Don't say no ; Mr. Stanford will be home to dinner with George, and he will escort you back." " You pet !" cried Rose, with another rapturous kiss. " I shall lovt -to go ! Just wait five minutes while I run down and dress. Miss Howat d was not very long detained. Rose was back, all ready, in half an hour. " Would your sister come ?" inquired Miss Howard, doubtfully, for she was a good deal in awe of that tall, majestic Bister. " Who ? Kate ? Oh, she is out riding with Sir Ronald Craig ! Never mind her-we can have a better time by ourselves." The tiny sleigh dashed off with its fair occupants, and Rose's depressed spirits went up to fever heat. It was the first of March ; and March had come in like a lamb, balmy, Bunshiny, brilliant. Every- body looked at them admiringly as the fairy'sleigh and the two pretty girls flew through the village, and thought perhaps, what a fine thing it waa to be rich, and young, and handsome, and happy, like that. Miss Howard's home was about half a mile off, and a few minutes brought them to "it. The two girls passed the afternoon agreeably at the piano, and over new books, but both were longing for evening and the return of the gentlemen. Miss Howard was only sixteen, and couldn't help admir- ing Mr. Stanford, or wishing she were her brother George to be with him all day. The March day darkened slowly down. The sun fell low and dropped out of sight behind the bright frozen river, in a glory of crimson and purple. The hues of the sunset died, the evening star shene steel-blue and bright in the night sky. Countless other stars spangled the blue arch ere long, and the two girls stood by the window watching them when the gentlemen returned. There was just light enough left to see them plainly as they drew near the house, their skates slung over their arms, but Mr. George Howard came in for very little of their regards. " Handsome fellow !" said Miss Howard, her eyes sparkling. " Who ?" slid Rose, carelessly, as if her heart were not beating time to the words. " Reginald ?" " Yes he is the handsomest man I ever saw." Rose laughed-a rather forced laugh, thoagh. " Don't fall in love with my handsome brother-in law, Em ! Kate won't like it." " They are to he married next June, are they not?"'asked Emily, not noticing the insinuation, save by a slight colour which the twilight hid. " So they say." " They will he a Bplendid-Iooking pair ! George and all the gentlemen say that she is the only really beautiful woman they ever saw." " Tastes differ," said Rose, with a shrug. " I don't think bo. She is too pale, and proud, and cold, and too far up in the clouds altogether. She ought to go and be a min-she would make a splen- did lady abbess." " She would make a splendid Mrs. Stanford." " Who ?" said Mr. Stanford himself, sauntering in. " You, Miss Howard ?" " No another lady I know of. What kind of a time had you skating ?" " Tip-top," replied her brother. " For an Eng- lishman, Stanford knocks everything. Hallo, Rose ' who'd have thought it !" i Rose emerged from a shadow of the window curtains and shook hands carelessly with Master George. " I drove over for her after you went," said his sister. "Come, there's the dinner-bell, and Mr. Stanford looks hungry." " And is hungry," said Mr. Stanford, giving her his arm. "I shall astonish Mrs. Howard by my performance this evening." They were not a very largo party-Mr. and Mrs. Howard, their son and daughter, Mr. Stanford and Rose-but they were a very merry one. Mr. Stanford had been in India once, three years ago, and told them wonderful storieB of tiger hunts, and Hindoo, girls, and jungle adventures, and Sepoy warfare, until he carried'his audience away from the frozen Canadian land to the burning sun, and tropical splendors, and perils of far-off India, Then, after dinner, when Mr. Howard, Benior, went to his library to write letters, and Mrs. Howard dozed in an easy-chair by the fire, there were music and sparkling chit-chat, racy as the bright Moselle at dinner, and games at cards, and fortune-telling by Mr. Howard, junior ; and it was twelve before Rose thought it was half-past ten. " I must go," said Rose, starting up ; "I had no idea it was so lato. I must go at once." The tw» young ladies went up stairs for Rose's wraps. When they descended the sleigh was wait- ing, and all went out together. The bright March day had ended in a frosty, starlit, windless night. A tiny moon glittered amid the myriad stars over- head, and silvered the snowy ground. " Oh, what a night !" cried Emily Howard. " You may talk about you blazing India, Mr. Stan- ford, but I would not give our own dear snow-clad Canada for the wealth of a thousand Indies. Good- night, my darling Rose and pleasant dreams !" Miss Howard kissed her. Mr. Howard came over and made an attempt to do the same. * Good-night my darling Rose, and dream of me !" Rose's answer was a slap ; and then Reginald was beside her, and they were driving through the luminous dusk of the winter moonlight, ?j" You may stop at the gate, my good fellow," said Mr. Stanford to the driver. " The night íb fine ¡ wo will walk the rest of the way-eh, Rose ?" Rose's answer was a smile, and they were at the gate almost immediately. Mr. Stanford drew her hand within his arm, and they sauntered slowly oh, very slowly !-up the dark, tree-Bhaded avenue. " How gloomy it is here !" said Rose clinging to his arm, with a delicious little shiver ; " and it íb midnight, too. How frightened I should be alone !'» "Which means you are not frightened being with me, Miss Rose, you are delightful." " Interpret it as you please. What should you say if the ghoBt were to start out from these grim black trees, and confront us ?" " Say ? Nothing ; I should faint in your arms. But this is not the ghost's walk. Wasn't it in the tamaroo avenue old Margery saw it ? Let us go there." " It is too late," said Rose. " No, it is not. There is something delightfully novel in promenading with a young lady at the witching hour of midnight, when grave-yards yawn, and gibbering ghosts in winding-sheets cut up capors before high heaven. Come." " But, Mr. Stanford-" " Reginald, I tell you. You promised, you know." " But really, Reginald, it is too late. What if we were seen ?" " Nonsense ! Who is to see us ? And if they do, haven't brothers and sisters a right to walk at mid- night as well as at noonday, if they choose ? Besides, we may see the spectre of Gower Hall, and I would give a month's pay for the sight any time." They entered the tamarac walk as he spoke, bright enough at the entrance where the starlight streamed in, but in the very blackness of darkness farther down. " How horribly dismal !" cried Rose, clinging to him more tightly than ever. " A murder might bo committed here and no one bo the wiser." '* A fit place for a ghostly promenade ! Spectre of Gower Hall, appear ! Hist ! What is that ?" Rose barely suppressed a shriek. He put his hand over her mouth, and drew her silently into the black shadow. As if hib mocking words had evoked them, two figures entered the tamarac walk as he spoke. The starlight showed them plainly-a man and a woman : the woman wrapped in a shawl, leaning on the man's arm, and both walking very slowly, talk- ing earnestly. "No ghosts those," whispered Reginald Stanford. " Bo quiet, Rose, wo are in for an adventure." "I ought to know that woman's figure," said Rose in the same low tone. "Look! Don't you re- cognize the figure ?" " By-George !" It can't be-it can't be Kate !" " It is Kate and who is the man ? and what does it mean ?" Now Rose, maliciously asking the question, knew in her heart the man was Mr. Richards. She did j not comprehend, of course, but she knew it must be all right; for Kate walked with him there under her father's sanction. 'Mr. Stanford made no reply. He was staring like one who cannot believe his eyes. Kate's face, shown in profile, was plainly visible as they drew nearer. The man's, shrouded by coat collar and soft hat, was all hidden save a well shaped nose. " It is Kate !" repeated Mr. Stanford, blankly. " And what does it mean ?" " Hush-sh !" whispered Rose ; " they will hear you. " She drew him back softly. The two advancing figures were so very near now that their words could be heard. It was Kate's soft voice that was speaki}jg¿. " PaljjBpceà/ïàear," she was saying. " Patience a little longer yet." "Patience!" cried the man passionately. Haven't I been patient ? Haven't 1 waited, eating my heart out in solitude, and loneliness, and misery ? But for your love, Kate-your undying love and faith in me-I should long ago have gone mad !" ? They passed out of hearing with the last words. Reginald Stanford stood petrified ; even Rose was desperately startled by the desperate words. " Take me away, Reginald," she said trembling. " Oh, let us go before they como back !" Her voice aroused him, and he looked down at her with a face as white a's-the frozen snow. "You heard him !" he said. "You heard her. What does it mean ?" " I don't know. I am frightened. Ob, let us go!" Too late ! Kate and her companion had reached the tamarac walk, and were returning. As they drew near she -was speaking. Again the two lis- teners in the darknesB heard her words. " Don't despair !" she said, earnestly. "Oh, my darling, never despair ! Come what will, I shall always love you-always trust you-always-" They passed, out of hearing again-out of the dark into the less gloomy end of the walk-and did not return. Reginald and Rose waited for a quarter of an hour, but the midnight strollers had disappeared as suddenly as they had appeared. "Tako me in," reiterated Rose, shivering. "I am nearly fiozen." He turned with her up the walk, never speaking a word-very, very pale, in the light of the Btars. No one wob visible as they left the walk ; all around the house and grounds was hushed and still. The house door was locked, but not bolted. Mr. Stan- ford opened it with a night-key, and they entered and went up stairs, still in silence. Rose reached her room first, and paused, with her hand on the handle of the door. " Good night," she said, shyly and wisfully. "Good night," he answered, briefly, and was gone." (To be continued.) 