TJTE YOUNG C AVALIER, CI1A I'Elt I. 1544.-A sEcoND LOVE. Soon alter Sir Richard's death, the lawyer had pleaded his suit with Mistress Desborough, and, as the reader will be prepared to hear. had been rejected wih almost loathing disdain. Claiming the right of relationship, Gerald had, unknown to Winyard, paul several visits to Naseby. and in the course of one, had declared his love to Julic, and obtained from her a reciprocal confesiou. In the meantime he felt tutelage under the lawyer a most irksome one. Naturally of a pleasure-loving tempera ment, lie suddenly found himself obliged to conform to Puritan habits, and, with all his ill-gotten possessions, was far less happy than when lie had been a poor player of the Blackfriars Theatre. Had it not beecen for the hope of winning Julie, with whom he was passionately in love, the probabilities are that lie would have thrown up all in disgust, and gone back to his old life and c mpanions. Sh d notopeoly pro > terror iand perplexity becaie dimendurable,. resolved to make a bold step for einmanci pation, to ask Julie to become his wife, to set Winyard at defiance, and abide the resultof which he had the less fear from the belief that the lawyer would not dare to brave the exposure of his own share in the fraud for the sake of mere revenge. .A month previous to the ipnring of this chapter, Gerald had put the first part of his plan into execution, and had been ac cepted. The marriage was to be privately cele brated in the old church at Naseby. and that was the purpose of his present visit. The second part of his plan he prudently deferred until after Julie was irrevocably his. Having thus briefly described the present position of one set of our set of characters, we will return to the evening on which we opened this chapter. For a time Julie was proof against all endearments of her lover, sullenly refusing to answer his questions, or to give any ex planation of her grief. Mabel's words had aroused old feelings and memories which had faneicddead,but which only slumbered. Often and often her heart had reproached her with having so readily given place of her first love to another, and she sought to silence those reproaches by calling up ex aggerated images of Hugh's perfidy; and now Mabel's suggestion that she might have been deceived, and that he might be dead, cruelly wounded her. 'I am sorry,' she said, presently, ' that you should have come all this way upon a bootless errand. Our marriage cannot take place.' ' Cannot take place!' lie echoed, turning pale with lie knew not what apprehensions. * And why?' ' Because I do not love you --because I ought not to love you?' answered Julie, trying to choke her sobs. ' Do not-- ought not to love me ' lihe an swered, much relieved in his mind by what he considered to be mere pettish coquetry, of which lie had had more than one taste before. SBut I tell you that I am in earnest, she said, angrily, offended by the cool manner in which he had received her words. 'It is impossible for our marriage ever to take place I' ' "And why this sudden chaige of mind, Julie? ' he kid; iroinviisu-a-abadocavor, ' I suppdse' this is Mistress Daubenay's work.' For, altk 'ogh Mabel had never openly opposed his visits or his suit, thinking the position she held in regard to Julie did not authorize her to take so dc cided a course, he instinctively felt that sho did not favour them, and half feared those calm penetrating eyes, lest they had read something of his secret. nJulie, do not trille with my love,' he said, tenderly taking her two hands in his, and drawing her half-resisting figure towards him,-' do not let others step between you and me. For two years you have made me happy with the assr- ance of your love; I made no undue haste to profit by your confession, but waited patiently. And day by day my love has matured and taken a stronger hold upon my heart. At last you blessed me with the promise. that you would le mine within a month. I am here to claim that promise, and no caprice nor counsel of friend should induce you to forfeit it.' Was there no thought in his mind at that moment of the base imposture he was acting-of the vile personation by which he had won that promise ? Not at that moment; but when, after more pleading, and a gradually melting resist ance, Julio suffered him to take her in his arms, and seal the renewas of their vows with a fervent kiss, then his heart smote him with remnorse. During this time, the evening had been gradually closing in, and darkness began to steal into the room. They were sitting sideways, towards the the window, and, the little difference over, their hands clasped in each other's. To morrow was to be their wedding-day, and each was silently occupied with his and her thoughtl. On a sudden, a dark shadow flitted across the window;both raised their heads aimltaneously. Gerald ran.and looked out. Nothing was to be be seen but the white tombs in the grass-crown church yard, and the dark, motionless trees-not a living soul! 'It must have been fancy,' said Julie. ' I suppose so,' imuttered Gerald. Buht, somehow,he felt uneasy; that shadow, real or imaginary, whichever it might . have been. disturbed him. : i STORMor E -COUnT -. E .:?,:?3: . The "sun had not long risen whe Ji:l'-iie rose from her bed next morning, and threw open the lattice to inhale the fresh, cool sir, for she had been restless and feverish throughout the night. It was a bright clear morning. . The birds were singing merrily, and the dew sparkled upon every blade of grass. and upon every rose-leaf that gathered round her window. Early as she was, Mabel was awake be fore her. jThis is th'e last time we shall look upon this scene together I' she said, tenderly twining her arm round hler companion's waist. Julie, whom the restless hours of the night ihad wrought to a high pitch of nervous sensibility, burst into tears. 'I wish I had ,ever given this promise !' she sobbed; ' I feel as thoug!h I could never go tihrough with it I Cannot we delay it put it off for a time?' SThat is impossible, darrling, now !' an swered Mabel, gravely. 'Your word is plighted, all is arranged, and further de layv is not to be thought of!' 'Their window overlooked a narrowlane, which led up to a small gateway, that opened upon the churchyard. As Mabel was specking, sthe caught a ghimpse of a Iark figcure paesing down the lane; but 'b efore she could make any recognition it was gone Gerald, who had slept ntan inn, was in the room below when Mabel descended. Jniie, oitering over her toilet, hud not yet finished dressing. He was walking up and down, pale and " nervous, when she entered. She extended her hand to him with r more cordiality than she had ever before f manifested. He paused, with a look of half-surprise rt this change in her manner, SIf I have ever shown you any coldness forgive me,' she said, gently. Henceforth let us be friends in the truest sense of the word. \Tulic is my sister; be you my 3 bro'her.' He bent over her hand, and touched it with his lips. 01h, how shamed, how humiliated, he felt Had he possessed a little more moral strength of mind at that moment, le would have told all. f ' Would it not have been better,' said Mabel, presently, 'if the marriage had been arranged to take place at Daubenay? The donistics, the old retainers and tenalits of the land, will be sadly disap pointed and dissatisfied at; being cheated out of a wedding.' ' Oh, but 1 intend to have it grandly celebrated there,' answered Gerald, eagerly; ' and the ceremony can be re peated there if we tl.ink proper.' ' Then what is the use of this serdrcy ?' asked Mabel. ' Master. 'Vinyard might aswe I nwit first as last.' -mine; h agreed,' she persisted. ' You know. not what he could'd6,' an-' swered Gerald, shuddering; 'lie is a terrible man, of boundless resources aid imnmense power.' ' What is this strange fear that lie has of that man?' thought Mabel; 'it seems something more than natural.' 'It is not at all like a wedding.' said Julie, as she stood in the centre of the room, looking very lovely. but very melancholy, in her plain white dress; 'But there shall be another wedding day,' whispered Gerald. ' and such an one as even the old walls of Daubcnay Caste! Snever yet looked upon. My queen shall cee around her the homage of all hearts.' 'Then why not put it off altogether Suntil then?' said Julie, quickly It appears, however, that Gerald con trived to convince her that it could not be put off, for an hour or two afterwards both were standing before the altar in Naseby Church, thl ring already upon the bride's finger, and the nuptial kiss upon Sherlips. Slabel, her's and .Tulie's attendants, two domestics who had accompanied their Smaster from Daubenav, and a few wolen Sand children of the village, were the sole witnesses of the ceremony. The rite performed, the names signed, Sthey left the church, the bells sounding a joyous peal in their ears. Leaning against one of the pillars of the outward door,was a spare figure dressed in Sblack; as the bridal party issued, he turned Shis head, end showed the livid face of JosnuA WisYanI ! Julie clung trembling to her husband's arm, while he, pale as a ghost, seemed suddenly transformed to marble. ' Allow me to he the first to congratu late the bride and bridegroom,' said Win yard, in his croaking voice,his eye, gleam ing with suppressed fury, his lip curlinu with mocking malice. * My presence here is an unexpected pleasure, no doubt. SSorry to break in upon your connubial pleasures, but I must have immediate speech with you. Sir Henry DDaubenay; therefore, be pleased to hand over your bride to Mistress Mabel, and follow me to my inn l' . All Geral's aporchensions gave way beneath the goad of this infamious insult . , ' How dare you thus address, me in the Spresence of my wife?' he crieid, trenibliid Swith passion. ' You once dared to lift your eyes and thoughts to her; if this be a retaliation for the rejection of your suit, beware how you repeat it, lest I break every bone in your cadaverous car case!' Winyard was literally slhnned with amazement at this bold retort,when lie had eexpected nothing but humiliating sub mission. ' Do you dare thus to address me ?' lie Scried, as soon as lie could recover breath; * you, who-- ' Silence !' whispered Gerald, fiercely in his ear. ' Another word, and I swear be fore heaven I will strike you dead at my Sfeet !' Tie minister, who had performed the ceremony, attracted by the loud, fierce Svoices, canie forth at the moment when Gerald, all aglow with passion,was grasp ing his half-drawn sword, ready to put his threat into execution. V What is the meaning of this?' lie a cried, advancing between the two angry Smen. ' Would you shed blood upon the v2ry threshold of the church ? ' Of thy church, yes!' cried Winyard, Sturning furiously upon the clergyman, and voiding upon himi tie venom of which lie felt it no longer safe to mako Gerald the receptacle. 'Priest of foul idolatry. I spit upon thee and thy church, thy Temple of Bail, thy Popish mununeries, and thy player's garb ! There will yet come a day when beasts of burden shall be stabled in Sthy churches, and thy shrines, and vest nents, and graven images, shall be con sumed in flames !' Then turning again to ecrald, ' If you are not with me at my inn within half an hour, Sir HenrI y Datt. b lcian. beware !' And with a threatening wave of his hand he rushed through the church3ard, out at the wicket gate, and disappeared. J ulie was leaning, half fainting, upon her cousin's shoulder; Mabel was watching the scene with pale attention. ' I will follow the insolent hound, and chastise him upon the sptt l' cried Gerald. Julie threw herself into his arms, and , implored him not to leave her. ' There is nothing to fear, darling,' he answered, soothingly. * It is only the bitter malice of the man at the disappoint ai Centf This.insolenit ;jlipe. Itisi no i more than'I have 'ahlieipatned- -beepr pared for-strived to shield you from wit nessing liBut it has come, and it is over ; the worst is past. I will lead you within doors, and then follow this wretchl and ex tort from him ample apology. And let me tender to you, sir,' he said. turning to the elergyman.' my sincere c-ntrition for my hasty passion, and my regret that this fanatic should have so insulted you. But there were few ministers of the Episcopal Church whose ears hal niot already tingled beneath some such Iansuiage from fanatical sectaries. He led Julie. weeping and trembling, to the houlse confided her to Mabel's care. and hasteiied away immmediately in search of Winyard, whom he found at the very inn where he himself and his attendants had passed the niiht. . ' So, then,' cried the lawyer, furiously. when they were alone together, 'this was the object of your 'qsencu and journeys ? I ever suspected so-ne mystery; but. over lusy with Darliameniairy .iffirs, I found no time until now to watech your move ments. Btit'th l tiie I obtained gosd no Sice of your departure, :and fol!owed 'you a pon the road. Oh. if 1 bhad had but some trusty help at haind, I, uiuld :hive torn you both from your pa'gan altar before thie words of narriage' could liive: lbeen prinounced. Anial it is Ciiiths you re"pay me for raising inme out of tlihe miind and mire of your vagasboud life. and -' . * Speat such another word of degrading" iusult,' cried Gerald, drawing his sword, ' and I will spit you like a lark. You raised me to satisfy your own greed, and front other black motives, which I do not pretend to understand. 1 have paid you one half of the moneys left by Sir Richard and half the revenues of the estate, I have been your slave I' ' And now you shall be a beggar!' cried Winyard. 'I will strip you of all, and send yon and that baggage forth to beg- ' Ere he could speak another word, Gerald seized him by the back of the neck, as a dog would a rat, forced hint u;pon his knees, and, holding the sword to his throat, swore that he would take his life if he did not instantly apologise for that foul epithet, which Winyard, to save his 7 throat front the sword, was compelled abjectedly to do. Gerald, his courage thoroughly aroused, cast aside all fear. To temporize with this serpent was out of the question; his only chance lay in striking terror to him-in meeting threat by threat. So, pressing him down until he lay grovelling and writhing upon the floor like some hideous snake, and planting his foot upon his body he thus addressed him. 'You cannot destroy me without des troying yourself ; you cannot make known nmy.frau without exposing your own ! Q, a a., P-a l your. power won ti and am iii blasted !' Beyond those things, within twenty - four hours afterwards--even thoutgh my own life was forfeited the next instant-ý;iwould kill you ! I tell you to your teeth that you dare not expose me I Sate quite willing to fulfil our bargaih in lthe future, as I have done in the past, provided yot keep silence as before ! And now, Master Joshua Winyard, you know ny flat! I shall waste no further breath upon you; do as you please-I shall be prepared for all emergencies I' And with these words, and a parting look, full of meaning, Gerald left the room. Not until upwards of an hour afterwards did Winyard issue from his chamber. Thlen his countenance, although still pale, and death-like, was sinisterly calm. He descended to the common apartment of the inn, called for refreshment. ate lheartity, ordered his horse to be saddled, mounted him, and rode leisurely away upon his road back tc London. In the meantime, Gerald had returned to the ladies, who were most anxiously awaiting him. Julie flew into his arms, overjoyed to see him in safety, for Winyard's violence and malignancy had filled her with alarm. ' There was nothing to be frightened of, darling,' he said caressing her and speak ing with strong excitement. ' I made him apologise for his insolence, with my foot upon his prostrate body and my swordat his heart.' ' Oh, you should not have been so vio lent, dear,' said Julio, trembling, and hiding her face in his shoulder; ' he will seek some dreadful revenge upon you. I shall never forget his look as he met us at the church door-it was fearfil ' 'I defy him and his malice !' cried Gerald, in the same tone of feverish ex citement. . But were I to become the victim to it the next moment, do you think that I would endure his insolence towards you?' ' You have acted bravely brother,' said Mabel. extending to him her hand, her face flushed with the warmth of her feel ings, ' I honour you for it.' Another pang of remorse shot through his heart. What iwould thi oble recatitre say it sl e eduld learn the truth ?- wms histieioighht: Tlsh?t same day they liegaritheir journey southward; Julie's maid and Gerald's two domestics forsming their only escort. The parting between the cousins was sorrowful and affectionate, and for atime JTulie as in consolable at their separation, and would fain have persuaded Mabel to accompany them; but to this she would not listen. rightly judging that newly-marr.ed people are hest without the p:csence of friends and relations; neither would she promise to visit them until the spring. It was now the later part of September. the autumnal rains would soon set in, and then the frosts of winter. A journey from Leicestershire to Surrey would, in these days of steam, be a mere after-tea excursion ; but in those days of ill-kept roads, when scarcely any other mode ef conveyance was known excelut saddle-horses, travelling in rough weather was a perilous, almost impossible, feat for ladies to accomplish. . And so Julie was obliged to be content with the promise of this far-off visit. To Gerald the arrangement was a relief, for he stoodin awe of Mabel's penetration. And so Mabel was left alone in her quiet home. And by-and-by letters came fomr Julie, to tell sof their safe arrival; of the great rejoicing; of how their wedding had been celebrated at Daubenay; of how good and kind her husband was ; Iow much she loved him, and how happy they were. There was no word of WVinvard; so she suptposed that they had received no further annoyance from the villain. Still, her heart was far from being at rest upon thatsubject. And so the autumn strewed the earth witllh the leaves of summer and the snows 1 of winter buried them, and the breath of t spring bronght forth new ones. And one day, just as Mabel was begin Sning to think of joueneying to Danbenay, Isehold! Gerald and Julie came to visit her instead, ' I thought,' said shea, that we would come to you and save you the journey. SMalbel thouahlt this strange, but ex pressed her eatisfaction with the arrange ment. Jutie seemed perfectly light hearted andhappy, and talkedmuch of the gay capany they leept, sand how, during the swinter~dibyliadh.ttesidled:thb'playhousei4' .and received the.?ctors at their-liboie; which information was noevery gratifymg to Mabel's somewhat Puritan cast of mind. But Juliehad now passed beyond her snsveillanee, and sthe felt that she had ns right to dictate to her as to her manner of life. But what of Winyard?' she asked, anxiously. t He has never come near us--at least, I have never seen him,' answered Julie; 'it is quite evident thlat Hlarry terrified him from attempting'any further insolence.' MIabel hopedso; but she feared that his extreme quietude was ominous. Gerald had not been at Naseby more than a week when he reeeived a letter, the contents of which,- although they seemed to greatly trouble him, he would not im part to his wife, except in so far as to in form her that his presence was required in Itondon, whither he should depart next titorning, lerving her in Mabel's care until 'his return, - Neither for coaxing nor entreaties would hemake any further revelations. Julie pouted, and refused to say fare well to him. b SMabel was more arixions than the affair seemed to warrant, forsh? at once coupled it in iher tlhorset.,wiIs m1.ler WVinyard. Jise hisd told \11ertin ?.UlloLnfidences ho' l)sluhenay Castle had Ilee' n a ren dezvous for the eavalier party,and hm? hti bhsband had all bit openly declarci in tavourof the King, and frequentlyabused I the Puritans before company. Such a course of conduct was every day becoming more dangerous; for the Parliament was most intolerant of all e that opposed its will,either by deed or word d And the din of war was beginning to a hurtle through the quiet air of Naseby, c and day by day the opposing armies drew nearer and nearer to this quiet retreat. 1 Scouts, then small detachments of soldiers I were seen about the neighbourhood; then I the news was bandied about that large forces ofeither side were marching thither- I ward. One morning Mabel and Julie were wandering about the old churchyard, en- I joying the freshness of the air after an ex cessively hot day, when the sound of I horses' hoofs broke upon their ears, and 2 presently a troop of the King's soldiers I rode briskly down the lane past their house. The leader was a stalwart young gentle man, with flowing chestnut hair, and I handsome, but melancholy, features. As Mabel's eyes fell upon him, she convul sively grasped Julie's arm, and drew her behind one of the great elm-trees that bordered the churchyard, for in him she had recognised HUGH DRELINCOURT I CHAPTER III. TIE BATTLE OF NAsEBY. \- Early on the morning of the 14th of June, Mabel and Julie were awakened by diataut reverberating roar,.that seemed Bobtietarts d m d istJe ere Again they beard the sound-nearer, die tincter, It was the boom of the cannon. Both guessed the trultl-that a battle was about to be fought in the neighbourhood. Mabel hastened to the window, threw it open and looked out. A haze of white smoke was slowly veil ing the distant horiz:n. Julie, with distended eyes and listening fear, lay cowering in bed. ' From the attic above,' said Mabel ' we may watch the battle.' ' Oh. no, no!' moaned Julie, stretching out her hands; 'do not leave met I could not dare to look upon it !' 'I could not remain here while such was being enacted within sight !' answered Mabel,exeitely, as she gazed forth again from the window. 'Como with me !' ' We shall all be killed, and there is no one here to protect us!' again moaned Julie. ' Oh, how cruel of Harry to leave us here exposed to such dangers !' Throwing on a dressing- gown, Mabel hastened upstair to the attic, where she found her maid huddled in a corner, trembling with fear; and presently Julie crept timorously up to the room not daring to be alone. She would not go to the window, how ever, but crouched near the maid, forming a companion picture of helpless terror. A strange excitement had seized upon Mabel-the very fascination of horror, that, as it were, impelled her to gaze upon the scene of slaughter which was about to be enacted under her eyes. The attic-window commanded an ex tensive view of the open country; and there, scarcely, more than a mile from the house, on two hills, with a broad piece of woodland (called Broad Moor) between them, are ranged the opposing armies. Already the deadly strife has com menced. The boom of the cannon has grown into aroar like thunder, crossed at times by the sharper volleys of the muskets; and between the discharges, borne by the wind, comes the war cry of the Cavaliers, " Queen. Mary !" mingled with the loud, hoarse.voices of the Puritans; singing their war.-hymn,.°i ' a Zieite5 .amssp,' 'Little beyond aibul`5' an be dieiiiifn'ished,5 for.each-modment tlie volumes of~iiibke grow denser, making earth and sky one. But there is a fresh breeze blowing, which every now and then makes rents in the vapourous veil; and then helmets and swords, and pikes gleam and flash in the sunlight, and surging human waves are seen to fall, and break upon each other, and recede again in quivering fragments; and then the veil closes over all again the eyes are blended, and the ears horri fled., by the burly burly of the cannon, shrieks. war-cries, and hymns, blended in hideous confusion. Heavily goes the battle against the Royalists. As at Marston Moor, Cromtwell and his Ironsides carry all before them. He has just beaten back Rupert and his Cavaliers, and turns, tlslshol with victdry, upon the already wavering troolpers of the King, who give way in all directions be.. fore his terrible charge. SDesperate at the sight, Charles places himself at the head of his Life Guards, and, waving his sword, bids them charge. Snddenly a Scotch Earl seizes his bridle, and crying, ' Do yen want to get killed ?' turns him to the right. Those next to the King turn also, not tknowing why. In an instant the whole of the regiment I have their backs to the enemy. Disorder rises into terrror. In vain Charles calls upon them farntically to stop, -they scatter over the field, until Prince SRIupert's returning squadrons stop their flight. A numerous bordy forms around the King; but all are disordered, weary, per I plexed, an" despondent. Clarles. sword in hand,his eyes glaring, despair in every feature, twice dashes forward, exclaiming, 'Gentlemen, one charge more and we shall recover the day!' but none will follow him. Universal panic seizes upol all; and then, with a cry of despair, "a also joine in the flight, an I all is ov.r ; anlt artillery, baggage, the royal standard, more than one hundred flags, five thousand priscners, and all his Cabinet papers, fall into the hands of the enemy. 'This is none other but the hand of God.' said Cromwell, solemnly, when the battle was over ; and to him alone be 'share swithHim'.... . And during all the three bhours that the fight continued, Mabel stood watching immovably at the lattice, until the roar of the cannons and the crack of the musketry grew less and less frequent, and the vaporous pall grew thinner, so that she could see msen.t flying and othera fiercely pursuing; and some came rnshig down the lane, past the house, and others across the churchyard; and men were uent down and slanuhltered before her eyes; andil still the horrible fascination held her to the spot. And then bugle-calls were heard, and pn:satit ceased, and the victors could be seen preparing to encamp upon the battle field. The slanting rays of tha sun bslokaned that evening was at hand; the rooks began to caw round the old elm.-trees ; and peace once more spread her wings over the land scape, over the victors, the vanquished, and the dead. The spell was broken at last, and Mabel turned round in search of the other two terror-stricken occupants of the room, whonow claimed her immediate atten tion; for both had fainted from excess of fear, and lay senseless and inanimate upon the floor, CHAP FER IV. A FUGOITIV FROM THE RATTLE-FIELD. A night of serene beauty succeeded:o the horrors of the day; the light of the fall moon flooded the earth with radiance, struggling with the yellow trail of the vanished sun for mastery. Julie, worn out with the exhausting emotions she had undergone during the day, had retired to rest, and Mabel sat alone in the chamber, overlooking the churchyard. The excitement which had sustained her during so many hours was giving way fast, and yet she felt no disposition for re pose; her aching eyelids seemed incapable of closing, so she eat at the open case ment, grateful for the cool night air that fanned her fevered face. There was a faint hum in the air borne from the camp, and an occasional shout from some half drunken soldier in the village; but this latter sound was a rare one, for there were few roisterers in the Parliamentary army. As she sat thus, a faint groan struck hei ear. It seemed to proceeed from some per* son who was almost close beneath the window-some poor fugitive from. the battle- field, perhaps, who was dying for want of succour. Such was Mabel's thought. With her, to think was to act; so, sum moning a man-servant to attend her, she issued by a private door that led into the churchyard, and stood listening for the the groan to be repeated, that the sound might guide her towards the sufferer. Again; this time so close to her ear as make her start. ?4- hd, and there, house, ft. idaei y tyre) m7'rdi' lay a man, so black with powder and stained with blood, that neither features nor dress were distinguishable. In a few moments the poor fellow was transported into the house, and laid upon a couch; he gave no signs of life, but, as he was moved, his wounds started bleed ing afresh. She feared to call in the services of the village leech, for at that time, party spirit ran so high as to utterly overide all hu manity. The laced doublet and flowing hair of the stranger proclaimed him to be a K2ing's man, and should the leech be upon I the side of the Parliament, he would most probably deliver his patient into the enemy's hands, or even refuse to tend him. 1 Fortunately, in those days a knowledge of surgery was not confined to the pro fessors of the art, and there were few I females, whether of high or low degree, who could not skilfully dress wounds and prescribe proper medicines. Mabel herself was no exception to the rule. Her housekeeper, however, a woman advanced in years, undertook to do every thing necessary for the poor'Cavalier, who was, accordingly, removed to bed, divested of his hacked and soddened clothes, cleansed from the blood and dirt that disfigured him, and hles hurts properly attended to. This done, the old lady descended again to Mabel, who was anxiously await. ing her report. She did not think his wounds dangerous, she said, no vital part seeming to have been touched; he had fainted from ex haustion and loss of blood; he was reviv ing now, and would do very well if fever did not set in. He was a very handsome young man, she added, with the loveliest bright chests nut hair, where his helmet had protected it, and the finest black eyes she bad ever seen. (To be continued.) 