MAIL NEWS. THE NEW ANCLIGAN BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. | FItOM ODE OWN CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, 25TH FBBRUARY. The consecration ol the Rev. Field Flowers Goc as Bishop ot Melbourne took place yes- tcrday, at Westminster Abbey. Shortly after 10 o'clock the Frimato and assistant bishops assembled in the Jerusalem-chamber, and at half-past 10 the procession entered the abbcy in tbe following order Beadle ; almsmen, two and two ; choristers, two and two ; gentle men of tbo choir, two and two ; minor canons and precentor ; canons' verger j canons, two aud two ; doau's verger, dean, proclor and registrar tho preacher (the Rev. Canon. Cadman), the Bishop Elect of Melbourne, Vicar-General, assistant bishops, Bishop of London, arch bishop's verger, Apparitor-General and Secre tary, and tho Archbishop of Canterbury. J he I'rimato immediately commenced the com munion service, morning prayer having beensaid at half-past 8, the epistle being read by the Bishop of Manchester and the gospel by the Bishop of London, The responses and the Nicene Creed (Bridge in D) were sung. An eloquent sermon was preached by Canon Cad- man, who took his text from Acts xiii., 2— ' 1 As they ministorod to tho Lord and fasted, tho Holy Ghost said, separate me Barnabas aud Saul for the work whereunto I have called them." The preacher referred to the great mission work that the Church of England had accomplished, especially in the British colo'nies, within tiie last 50 yoars, and ho asked if they could fail to feci interested in the millions of British colonists who, in one way or another, were in touch with all parts of tho world. The colonial episcopate had been increased within that time frotn 7 to 75, and tho bracing influence of colonial experience had tended to invigorato the ministrations at home. Ho who was about to go forth to tbo colonial church had labored with them for many years in a faithful and exemplary manner aud in brotherly affection and friendship, and now the lot had fallen upon him to be numbered among their fathers in Christ. They had confidence that ho would not fall below the expectation of tho Church, but that in his higher offlco he would seek to bo a. faithful and true pastor, strong in tho grace that was in Christ and wise to win souls to him. At the conclusion of the sermon tho bishop elect was .conducted to tho Wip Chapel to robe .himsejf .with, his rocbet, tlio anthorn God is a Spirit (Sir IV. Sterndale Bennett) being sung during bis, absence. The Archbishop haviug taken, his seat in. front' of tho holy table," the bishop oloct was met at the- ontrance of the sacrariuni and presented by the Bishop of Manchester and Bishop Perry. Tho Queen's mandate for the consecration haying boon read and the oath of canonical, "obe dience administered, the Litany was chanted by tho precentor, after which. tbe function of laying on of hands was performed. Tho sen- tenst ol consecration was then pronounced by the Piimate, and tho newly consecrated bishop assumed his placo among the other prelates within the sacrariuni, The prayer for the church militant was then read by the Arch bishop, and the service concluded with the celebration of tho Holy Communion. The offertory which was taken up was devoted to the Bishop of Melbourne's fund for grants and stipends to his clergy. The newly consecrated bishop is to leave for Australia to morrow, via Brindisi, so that he will arrive at the scene of his labors almost as soon as this reaches you. 