A FETTERED FREEDOM. CHAPTER IV. THE BILLETER-STREET MYSTERY. The next morning, as the clerks arrived at Mr. Appleby's office, they were surprised to find it not open. At first they came to the conclusion that Harvey was ill, or had been de tained by accident; but when 10 o'clock struck, they began to look wonderingly at each other. They were consulting as to the propriety of break ing the door open, when the manager arrived, and at once sent for a lock smith, who, after some difficulty, and declaring the lock had been tampered with, forced an entrance. 'Policeman,' said the manager, to a stalwart member of the city force, who had been watching the proceedings, £ you go first.' ' All right,.sir,' said the constable, and immediately entered the office, and giving, as he did so, a loud exclama tion of surprise, which brought the others in in the twinklingof' an ,eye. They looked round, and started back in amazement. Desks, chairs, and stools were lying about, overturned and broker,. Books and papers were scattered around in the wildest disorder. A water-bottle and glass were lying amashed in the fender; the fire-irons had been thrown :cross the ofice--the poker, a heavy one, being bent nearly double, its if from the force of a mighty blow. The door of the safe was wide open. One glance was sufficient. It had been rifled of its contents! Th'e empty drawers lay upon the floor. Burglars had been at work. Here was a man's hat, crushed and torii out of shape, soaked with some ... thick, clinging moisture. It was blood!--yes, blood ! And, oh! look hero, and here, and here ! Merciful Providence ! they :were walking, in it, lying thick upon the floor, dying the boards a ghastly crimson, and holding to their feet as if reluctant to relca e them till it had been avenged. Oh, horror! They turned sick and pallid, and each man gazed at his neighbour with fearful looks of apprehension and dread, At length the manager said, with trembling lips and ashy face,' Good God, gentlemen, what does this mean ?' ' Robbery and murder-or attempted murder,' replied the policeman,drawing his staff round towards his hand. A violent shud'ler seized upon all assembled, and a solemn silence ensued. They were bewildered and panic stricken, and knew not what to do. In the meantime the news had spread like lightning, and an inspector with a few more constables arrived on the scene. SWho's the principal here?' heasked. 'I--ILat,' replied the manager. '?Very well, sir; then, with your petmission, I'11 clear the office of eiveryone except those engaged here.' With these words, the inspector marshalled his men, and in a very brief space had cleared the office of the crowd of strangers who had flocked in; and having stationed constables outside, he again ad iressed the manager. ' Who was on the premises latest last night ?' ' aMr. Appleby and the messenger, was the reply. ' Whose hat is this?-ido you know ?'-holding up the ghastly object. 'I-really can't say,' was the faltering reply. 'It might be Mr. Appleby's, then ?' said the inspector. The manager was too much overcome at thin terrible suggestion to speak, and could only make a motion of assent. 'Or it might be the messenger's ?' A similar reply. 'Take possession of that, number fourteen-hundred and one,' said the inspector, handing the hat to the first policeman on the scene, who received it with a strong appearance of repug nance. 'And now,' he continued, show me the other room, or rooms-if any. With considerable trepidation, the Smanager opened the door of the private V', oom, and .glanced timidly around. Assured by seeing no signs of the dead body of his employer, which he so painfully dreaded, he entered, followed by the inspector. 'Well,' inquired the latter, ' is all right here; as usual ?' 'Yes, thank God I all is right,' replied Mr. Morris, the manager. 'Not quite, I think,' said the inspector, pointing to a strip of light coloured oil-cloth which was spread over the carpet between the doors, and on which was printed in that awful colour the marks of two sets of large, broad, hob-nailed boots, which could be traced to the outer door and down the steps on to the pavement, where they disappeared. On each door-post was the impression of a blood-stained hand. ' I should say,' observed the inspector 'that this has been a put-up job; by a skilful hand, too. Now, Mr. Morris, you had better inform your respected governor of this, at once.' 'Here he is, sir,' cried one of tihe clerks, as a brougham drove up, out of which Mr. Appleby stepped, and, with looks of amazement and horror, entered, and cried, 'What's all this? What is the matter ? Is there anything wrong? Speak, gentlemen, I implore youl' 'Providence be praised l you are safe,' said Mr. Morris, in tones of deep relief, and gripping his employer tightly by both hands, while the clerks gathered round with murmurs of congratulation. 'What does all this mean ?' repeated Mr. Appleby. 'Tell me, in mercy's name !' 'It means, sir,' said Foxley, who had entered at the same time, and whohad interchabged a few words with the inspector, 'that a burglary had been committed, and the safe emplied of its contents.' The merchant staggered, and sank into a seat. 'Did you leave that money, as you .·old me with your messenger, sir?' inquired the detective. ' Yes,' gasped the old man. 'I- expect he's paid it in by this time. Where is he ?' 'Ah ! that's just what I should like to know,' said Foxley, with a vexed air. Then after ~explaining what had happened, he continued, 'Now it's my opinion, with Mr. Inspector here, that this is a very cleverly put-up job, and that Tom Harvey, your messenger has had a hand in it.' 'I can't believe it possible,' returned the merchant. 'I had every faith and confidence in him. Besides, the evidence of a terrible struggle is so palpable-the-the blood'- shivering violently-' on the floor and on tlhe poor fellow's hat, all suggest to me that he has, in his endeavours to save my property, been seriously injured.' 'Then where is he?' asked Foxley. ' His body isn't here. And if he was severely injured, although not killed, how has he got away ?' 'I-I don't know-I can't say; but I feel convinced be is not the thief.' ' Yery well, Mr. Appleby; I think different, for reasons I am not at liberty to mention. Have you his address ?' 'Oh, yes,' said Mr. Morris. 'Number 99\. Polyglot Square, Kennington Road.' 'Thank you,' said Foxley, taking down the address in his note-book. 'And now, Mr. Appleby, you had better place this case, esat well as the other, in my hands.' 'Certainly,' assented the merchant. 'Then,' pursued the detective, pocketing a rough fur cap and a bunch of skeleton keys, 'I'll retain possession of these- they may lead to something. If you will allow me to make the sugges tion, sir, I should advise you to at once obtain temporary offices, and leave this rather ghastly-looking place in the hands of Mr. Inspector and his men.' ' Most decidedly. That's the very step I was about to take,' said Mr. Appleby. In which measure the whole staff unanimously concurred, and were most assiduous in carrying out; so much so, that the business was, pro tent, removed to an empty -ffice a few doors off in the course of a couple of hours. Stepswere also taken to stop the payment of checks and notes, and the rest was left to the investigation and care of Foxley and the police. It is a noticeable fact, that all the clerks, more or less, by the end of that memorable day, were labouring under the influence of numerous potent drinks, administered to them by friends and acquaintances-ay, and strangers, too, brimming over with curiosity to hear a full, true, and particular account of what was already designated the Billiter.street Mystery. Midnight had struck, and Mary and her aunt still patiently awaited Tom's return. He had frequently on foreign post nights been detained in the City till nine or ten o'clock, but never had been so late as this before. The supper stood untasted on the table. How wearily the hours dragged on! -how slowly and wearily, only those can tell who have endured the tortures of awaitingthrough the long monotonous watches of the night the arrival of a loved one whose absence is for. the time \--and sometimes for ever-entirely un accountable and unaccounted for. At length, with aching eyes and doubtful hearts, the two women decided that he was detained for the night at the office by some unforeseen necessity, and with this poor consolation they retired to rest. But although each pretended to be asleep, they were both too anxiously awaiting the hoped.for welcome knock to do more than close their burning eyes. They rose earlier than usual in the morning and went about their domestic duties mechanically and silently. Their minds were too full of dread fearing they knew not what-to speak. At breakfast they merely partook of a oup of tea; and as the postman's knock resouded through the street their hearts gave a hopeful bound, and stood still. Perhaps there might be a letter from Tom. The cheerful rat-tat approached nearer and nearer. How slow the man was this morning ! What a number of letters be must have to deliver to their neighbours ! Rat-tat I rat- tat !--louder and clearer, closer and closer. Now he isonly three doors off; now he is only next door. Involuntarily they both rose to their feet with hands pressed to their heav ing bosoms. W8as that letter the post. man stopred and scrutinized so closely for them? The suspense was awful ! Yes, it mast be ; he stopped at the steps, looked up at the number, and looked u puat the number,and-passed on. A terrible cry of disappointment escaped them, and they dropped into their chairs, with tears of bitter anguish pouring down their cheeks. Thus they remained for some time, when Mrs. Mincer suggested that Mary should walk to Mrs. Appleby's house, which was at Brixton Rise, where she would speedily learn from that kind hearted lady if there was really any cause for alarm. ' I shall come with you, my love, for as poor dear Captain Mincer used to say, 'Jennie' (he always called me Jennie, you know), he'd say, 'Jennie, always sail in company if you can; that is, if your consort can be trusted,' And as she spoke, there appeared the ghost of a smile on her quivering lips, which reflected its very shadow on those of Mary Benham. However, the idea roused them both. There was something in the notion of making inquiries in this direction, which to some extent dispelled their fears, and inspired them with hopeful courage. They were speedily attired for their journey, and were about to isssue forth, when a loud double knock at the door caused them to start violently, and gaze at each other in apprehension and doubt . . IMuttering slowly, 'Perhaps it's the water-rate man,' Mrs. Mincer opened the door, and found herself face to face with a respeotablelooking man, with a heavy moustache and bright black eyes. 'Are you the landlady of this houseV' he inquirrd. ' Yes, sir,' was the faint reply. 'Can I speak to you in private a moment ?' 'Yes, sir,' she answered, feeling con fident, though she knew not why, that this stranger had something to com municate about Tom. 'Be pleased to walk in,' He followed her into the little par lour, and glanced swifty at Mary, who had already entered it. This young lady V' he queried. 'Is my niece, Miss Mary Benhanm, from whom I have no secrets,' returned the old lady. Very well, madam. Your servant, miss,' bowing to Mary. 'Now-for my business. There is a young man of the name of Thomas Harvey living here, I believe ' Here Foxley-for he it was-paused as if to take breath. ' Yes,' gasped the aunt and niece. 'Is he athome?' ' No, sz5r, no; how we wish he was! He has not been home all night. Oh, if you know anything about him, good or bad, for Heaven's sake tell us!' cried Mary, in breathless tones. 'May I ask what he is to you, miss V inquired the detective, kindly. ' Her promised husband,' exclaimed Miss Mincer. ' I am sorry for it-very sorry, in deed, observed Foxley, sympathetically. 'Why, sir ? Oh, tell me why, or my heart will break!' pleaded Mary, in pitiable tones. ' I'd rather not, my dear; I would, indeed. You need not expect to see him again for some time, though; and the best thing you can do is to try and forget him. He's unworthy of you.' ' Oh, no, no, sir! don't say that!' she implored. 'Madam, and my dear!' replied Foxley, with a compassionate glance, 'I have daughters of my own, and I know what young woman are, and old ones, too, for that matter. Therefore, you may be sure I would not willingly cause you disdress, so let ine advise you both to forget this - this Tom Harvey, and ask me no more about him. You will, I fear, knew but too soon. The greatest kindness I can show you is to wish you good morning and may Heaven help you!' He turned to leave the room, when Mary fell on her knees, and clasping his feet, begged and prayed him to speak out and let them know the worst. Finding ituseless to resist any longer, at length he slowly and quietly said, 'I'm sorry to say- he's wanted.' Wanted I--by whom ?' gasped Mary, with ashy lips. 'By the police!' A frightfulsoream resounded through thelittle room. 'For what-oh, gracious heavens! for what?' ejaculated the stricken girl. ' For robbing his master!' With these terrible words, Foxley, brushing the moisture from his eyes, hurried from the room and house. Uttering one more appalling scream, Mary Bentham fell prone upon the floor in a dead faint. (To be continued.) A Munich Journal assoerts that the Pope has made a formal application to the Emperor of, Austria for protection against the Italian G~overnment, failing which he will, he states, he obliged to leave the Vatican. During some alterations at the Shire Hall, Hertford, an ornamental clock outside the hall fell while being removed, and the foreman of the works, named Shbarpe, was dragged with it, receiving fatal injuries. A severe blizzard crossed Dakota recently and fite persons are reported to have been frozen to death. 