The 'Euroa Advertiser ' baB assumed the post of champion of the * Australian Natives' Atsociaiiin,'aud in doing, eo the dull reccrd of second-hand events lias given another good illustration of the ambitious monkej* who climbed too high in days of yore. The harmless champion is wild with the ' Express ' for speaking jofcirjrly of the aEsnciation ; bat finds roDsolation in asserting tbat ? paragraph from that journal paused cart-loeds of fun eume time ago. Unfortunately for llie ' cbatupion,' there is not the slightest danger of a paragraph from the ** Adver tiser' causing laughter. The poor broad sheet is as dull at. a leprous Chinaniau'e funeral on a wet evening in July. If the Australian Kativts* Association mnet fall back on it as a champion, we say fer vently acd sincerely may kind heaven pity the Association. ! The ' Arpus,' the organ of plush and tuft hunting, thinks that (be presence of Lord Dudl, v wiU it-fine and polish the people ot Victoria. A great many dis interested persons imagine that the absence of the 'Areus' would have a much stronger effect in the same direction. We an- threatened with too much in the w«v of Jubilee. At Lome ihey have Che ? Jubilee Soap* and the 'Jnbilee Whieky,' ?nd in Melbourne on enterprising wool grower has applied for a patent for a * Jubilee iSlieep Shearer.' If these notoriety-bunting people, who are seeking a babble prominence by shouting 'Jubilee Hosunnah.' w-*ul-1 avail themselves of the occasion by devsing some means of Hirif^ioK tiir moral atmosphere of Mel Imaine and relieving the poverty of the back slums their actions would be belter appreciated by the general puhl.c A local land -*le will be held in Mr. T. H. Motle'e rooms. Seymour, et eleven o'clock on Tuesday, 5th April. Ltnd to be ??ffen-d comprises 1- neat Avenel. liroad ford, Uortliwood, Lowrv, Monradiug and Glenbuioie. The next County Court will be held at Tea nn Saturday* 2Cth March, and at Kilmoreon 25th April. The Seyuu.ur nlounted Rifle* turned out on uorsebiick for the firtt time ou Friday last, and without flattery we may 5-ay they wer«- about the nnaite*t locking troop in the North- eastern district. It is a pity, liowewr. that mure of the young mm in outfi jf district* do not jmuj. 11u-r* is sufficient material in aud around Sey mour to form nne of tlie beet and largi-si tr-Hips of nmunted rifles between Seymour and th-- Murray ; and the Defence Department offer eveiy facility to those who ?-iah to j'in. It ought to be te memuered that, although nt die piese.nl time, the Winnies a e enjoying a peace ftud quiet unknown in any othe' part of the uorli'. a slight turn in European affair* might any day leave u« cx|«-s- d to an attack from one of ll:e great p«»ers. On em ii hi. euiergeocy volunteers without expeiieacc would fad of very little avail. Mr. John Slieeban, of ihi-* town, had a very narrow escape from being bitten by a tiger snake on Saturday night. While p--Ksin£ by the Canadian Hotel about an b.iur af-er daik he stepped on the tail of one of these reptiles, which was lying on the footpath, near the billiarii-rooni entrance. The snake, howevenr, wks not in » fighting disposition, and the moment he was released he tried to reach one of the lower windows. A stroke of a spade decapitated him in the attempt, and he quietly pare up the ghost, Mr. Person's musical laugh supplying the funeral dirge. It has been decided to complete the EC Church, S*-yuiour, by extending the present building by 15 feet. It ie a gre«l pity to waste money over the work. 'Hie present building was evidently planned when Seymour was looked udod as a mere wayside township whose population would never exceed three or four hundred. It answered very well at the time ao doubt, bnt now it u altogether unsuitable lor the requirement* of the district. It is fully twenty feet too narrow ; the altar is only fit for a congregation of a few dozen ; and in fact the building is out of all propor tion tu what is required. The only way to improve the structure is to tamblo it to the foundation, and erect in its place a building suitable to the pr.»seut day. They have just done eo in Euroa, aud why not in Seymour ? Following notices sre from last iesue of the ' Gszette ' : — Licenses approved. — J. Sraedlty. 68a, Cloobinane; 1. Hiort, 839a, Yea. Leasee approved. — M. Cun nipghiirn, 80a, Kerrisdale; James Ash, 36a, Lowry ; M. Grattan, 409, Puckapun yal. Grant approved.— F. Fay, 20a, Longwood. A few days ago Miss Maher of Scliool house Lane, wae engaged making her attemoon toilet, when a rustling noise in the corner of the room induced her to turn in that direction. No sooner bad she dorreeo than a tiger snake popped hie head out of the paper and canvas, with which the wall was covered. Mies Mallei did not run way ; she simply got a pair of scissors, pinned the snake aeainst the wall, and utteied a cooee tbut might have beefl heard at Tallaro.rt. This brought her brother on the scece. and he despatched the teptile. at the «me time remarking that the thing was becoming monotonous tbie being tlie fourth soake that was killed in tbe bedroom since Christmas time. If there is any eratitnde in the hearts of llie 'Kniglit makers' of England, the editor of the Melbourne ' Argus' will bare a handle to his name befo-e the merry month of June shall have passed away amongst the things that were. For weeks past the great Conservative organ has been ciying out for a jubilee in Melbourne, and now t!-et the city and suburban corporations have determined to let off a display of fireworks on the 24th of June tie Argu& takes all toe credit to itself. A knighthood for the editor is the least that can be offered for (hit! good work. If it ie not conferred we will have another drmocratic organ in Melbourne before 88 dawus upon the horizon. Sporting Hems. — Dollar, the Frericb horse, won £21,165 during past season ; Bay Archer, full brother to defunct Musket won L5.000. The New Zealand Steeplechaser, Mousetrap, lately fell over a precipice and was killed. The English Grand' National is falling away yearly. Last meeting only brought 44 entries forvar-l compared with sixty at previous race. Mitchell, the American boxer, and Murphy, the champion light weight of New Zealand, will try conclusions on the I4th inst. A fair day's sport is antici pated at Aveoe] on St. Patrick's Day. Eumonr says that the foul tongues of a few useless residents, who invariably take a back 6eat vhen anything calculated to improve the district is brought forward, have been the means of causing a few energetic members to throw up the Talla rock race club. It ie a pity (bat useful members ? f the community pay any atti-n tion to the grumbling of fustiliivm. Tliis evening a grand concert will be given in Mr Howe's Hall, at Tallaiook, in connection with St. Stephen's Church. A good programme of muetc is prumifed bv teveial local stare, end members of lh« Melbourne Liedertafc-1. The concert will commence at 8 o'clock, and a Jarge at tendance U expected fiom the tickets already sold. The Smiths, Joopfc, Browns and Robin sons are by tar the most influential fami lies in London. The farmer comprise to less than two thousand, one hundred and twenty-five persons ; the Joness ciime next with one thousand, one tiundred and four ; the Browns claim seven hundred and eight, aud the Rouiusons ccme latt with four hundred and sixty-seven. This week we have to chtonicle the death of Mr J. G. Sands, M.L.A., which melancholy event occurred at his residence at Kyneton on Saturday night* A furt night ago Mr Sands attended tie funeral of a relative at South Melbourne, and the tame eight he was attacked uith (-li^ht paralysis. He impioved satisfactorily for a time ; but on Saturday be was nut so well, but wae able to be about, and retired to liie lOum towards 10 o 'cluck. A noise as of a body falling was heard soon ulter trards, acd Mr Snudfi was fifucd lying od the floor. Dr. Duncan and Dr. Langford were speedily io attendance, but Mr Sands died within an hour. He died exactly a year after his re election for Dalhcusie. The funeral took place on Monday. On Tuesday morning before Messrs Howard and Lyster, J'bJ?., Eyooug man Rivicg tbe name of William Thomas Jtleury was cuarged by uonstaule Uairu can with indecent exposure at Tailarookou previous evening. Prisoner, who pleaded drunkenness, appeared to be on the verge of delirium tremeos. He said he was working near Yea, and was returning fiom Melbourne where he had taken some cattle a few days pieviously. He was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment in the Melbourne jail Freedom won Maiden Plate at Lance field on Monday. Hector was first for Town Plate, folloned by Little Secret and Iloyal Oak. Dagwortb and Banatbea came first and second in Selling Race, Forlorn Hope won the Handicap, Hecior coming second, and Peter, Moore, and Alfonso took respective |-cste in Hurdles. Free dom carried off District liacn, closely prefixed by Glowliglit and Shaughraun, and latter won Consolation. The Anglican Church at Nagambie Leld their usual Harvest Thanksgiving Festival ou Sunday hu-t. Much interest bud been taken in preparing for it end upwards of 20 persunB attended ait tbe cburctt. on the pievtoue day to oritnge the beautiful samples of fiuit, corn and oiher things to the best advantage. Thevuiious decora tions were con itil out with considerable taste and pains. There were crowded copgrcgationH through the d«y, and as ui-ual the vff-rto?i-e were most liberal. Mn-. E. W. Hill ijn- sidi-d at the organ, an-i was assisted by « uumemuE ctio'r. The Bev. William Green offitiut' d in tbe morning, end Alt. L. Fitzgerald in evening. The error of clashing with old estab lished race meetings has, we are sorry to say, been again illustrated by the Avenel Turf Club. They issued a nice programme for St. Patrick's Day ; but in consequence of many similar events ou the same date the entries arc very poor. There vre only \ eight horses for Handicap , five for Hur- j dies, and nine for Bracelet. The * valueless cheque' same was pluyerl ] pretty extensively in Seymour oa Monday I evening. About seven o'clock a youonmau , giving the name of Charles Anderson purchased & ladies watch from Mr Dotter, taking care to get a written guarantee willi it. Inpayment he lendeied a cheque fur a pound over the price of tlie watch, and received tbe change without question, the guarantee havnig t-t«inped hiiu with the hall mark of hones y. He next patronised Mr Thomas Guild, where he obtained some more superfluous change. Then he strolled down the street, and honored Mr Henshall with his presence. Here he purchased a variety ot drugs, which he paid ior by a cheque signed T. MeCor uiack: and received L2 ids in cash. After an interval he turned up at tile Goulbuin Hotel, where another clieqne was duly pre-ented noO honoured. On the Ibllowin;: morning. Mr HenshiJl piesented his paper at the Bank of Victoria, where it received the manic postscript *' no account' and was returned to tliu worthy cliemit-t, who uttered an inaudible prayer and took out a warrant. Another ot tlie victims fol lowed suit ; but up to the present the police have been unable to lay their hands upon Sir C. Ande reon. The usual monthly tueeting of the Sey mour Free Library Committee wae held on Wednesday evening. Present. — Rev. Mr Macfarlane (in chair), and Meeers Fuller, Purccll, Tri6tun. Glofter. Return am) Bitliop. Miuutes 'f previous rueiliot Having !-een read and confirmed the hnn. sec. reported that balance in hand only ari.ouuteii to Jii 7s 6-i, but several sub nciiptious were dne, and would probably 1 e paid by nest meeting- [Here Rev. Mr Bfoun entered.] In accordance nith notice ot motion Mr Tristan moved that mle | reducing ladies subscriptions to 10s per annum be rescinded. He said that when j he moved that ladies would be allowed all the privileged of the institute at half price be thought the effect would be a large increase to the fundb. Hottevtr the cou trary was tlic result., eod the only effect of :he resolution was that uivw Mod daughters now paid 10s per year where a 1 pound was previously given. All the i meiubtrs Bgreed that the reduction in sul.tciiijtiou only st-rvtd to injure the funds ; but tlie resolution wae m.t te cnnii«d, and of courte it fell thuuigh. The quettiorj of proposed bazaar wae then discussed, all members present, with tlie escepliou of Mr Kenou, being in favor of I getting up one at once. Latter thought i tlier.' were too many of these entertain j menis and that the ladies of Seymour would not assist in getting up another just now. Finally Mr Gloster moved that President. Ijod sec. ltev. Mr Brown, , mover aud Mr Bishop bs uppoiutol a sub- i committee to- consul! ladies on tlie subject, j Seconded by Mr Purcell and carried, j While this matter was being discussed Mr j Brent entered and toos hie seat at the table After some further discussion of a conYErEaliobal character the meeting ad joumrd. On Sunrlny evening while prayers wi re being conducted at the local Weslejan j Cliuich, a tiger snake glided up iiid stretching l.iniHilf at the dootway, ap peared to thoroughly enjoy the twec-t lull notes of the organ. So spell-hnund «ss he nnder tbe divine influence of sacied music, that lie never noticed the cbuiijub apFrotcii of Edwi-id Jones, who appeared round the coimr with u brick in bis hand, and taking « niean advantage, sent tlie pcor tiger snake to another » -jiI'. Electors of Dalhounie. VoiefurJ. G. Daffy, whose pui liaineutsry recuid will bear inspection. — (AdvtJ. 