SPORT IN NEWCASTLE. ft (from our own correspondent.^ I Newcastle, Monday Night. |S SUCCESSFUL ENTRIES I Entries for tho various handicaps to bo run at tho Northern Jockoy Club's Jubilee Mooting closed to-night with a vory satisfactory result. Tho races take placo on Monday noxt, tho 20th, and considering tho short notico given to owners, thoy havo responded well to Sir. Quintin's appeal. This is tho only mooting announced to take nlaco in tho north on this dato, so that tho club should havo no cause to rogrot having announced it. Woights, ad justed by Mr. Quintin, will bo published on Thursday. A SURPRISE. Whon tho nows readied tho mining districts on Saturday that Liddlo had actually roturned from tho motropolis, there was oonsidorabl.o '* wooping and wailing and gnashing of tooth' on tho part of tho Birmingham ped's admirers who had backod him at20'sto 1. Thoy flocked into town in tho ovoning to ascortain if tho rumour woro correct, and it turned out only too truo. Ho says that ho had boon given fc- understand from ono who knows a littlo that ho had no chanco of winning tho handicap, as thoro was a long start man in front of him who could land tho dollars comfortably, and I Liddlo, in consoqnen^o, thought it wisor to j savo his monoy and biao his timo for somo ! othor ovont. His admirers, almost to a man, endorsed his aotion, and thoy aver that tho first timo ho takes tho hobbles off ho will carry thoir monoy. It will thus bo soon tho implicit confidenco tho minors placo in a man who becomos at all popular with thom. GREAT EXPECTATIONS. Tho forthcoming handball match for .£100 is attracting considerable^ attention right throughout tho mining districts. Tho parties aro all playors of somo note, Kelly and his mato boing recognised an tho bost players in tho North, whilst their opponents como I amongst us with flourishing records from tbo old country. Tho gamo will bo contested at Williams' Alloy, Hamilton, on July 2. Wagoring has already commenced, and tho local mon aro favourites. SIR JOSEPH BANKS HANDICAP. ' . A dozon pods havo boon voted oertaintics for tho Botany Handicap; Joo .'Price, how over, hold tho prido of place horo, amMio has boon backed .'for a good round sum. ? -Then comes ono of ' Nimblofoot's' selections, Kennedy, who is considered to bo very woll n. Bailoy, although a local man, is not re garded as being dangorops, but tho Victorian representatives, Bingham and Flockton, will carry a lot of Newcastle money. Harris has boon backod to win about c£3000, so his backer tolls mo, but it must' bo borno in mind that only a small portion of that amount belongs to tho Northern district. This pod. belongs to Queensland, and has only been in Nowcastlo a month or so. Ho ran in a X20 handicap last Saturday on tho local cricket ground, and won his heat vory comfortably off tho 8.Vyds. mark. Ho has a vory good record in Bananaland. having won several races off scratch. Mark Solomon has boen backed, bnt not to any great oxtont. Alto gether tho handicap is considorod a vory opon one, and tho results of tho heats will bo looked for^ftfd. jift. ^ith considerable interest. BAILEY READY To'meET LIDDLE. Bob Bailey's principal backer was in town to-day, and oxprossod a dosiro to matph him against Liddlo, tho lattor to conoedo tho. first .Nowoastlo Shoifiold winner 2yds. in 130yds. This is a match that has been, long ponding, and notliing would please tho sporting mon of this district moro than to hoar of Liddlo's acceptation of tho challongo. This ho will doubtloss do boforo tho wook is out, providing a place of mooting is appointed to arran{jottho preliminaries. If the match is ? mad^pho stakes will bo jBIM aside, and it is moro twm probablo that tho raco will bo run on ftrnJ^ Crystal Palace Gardens track at Waraflah. Tho ovont would cause no ond of excitement, and would remind ono of tho days whon Bob Watson was in his primo, as both parties aro hold in tho highest estimation either as pedes trians or private citizens. NEWCASTLE HORSES AT RANDWICK. As I predicted in my last letter, tho Now castlo horses succeeded in negotiating somo of tho events at Randwick on Friday and Saturday, Hazard's double win suited his party immensely, and thoy won a fair amount; , notwithstanding hiB somowhat short starting pnuua. Al, ia otacuu uoro muw iur. jonns ro fusod-£300 for tho old horso beforo ho started for. (he. last raco. Howoyor, wo now loarn definitely that tho hero of many a hard fought Battlo has been sold te a Victorian sportsman, but at what ' figure has not been divulged. Allandalo's position in the Winter Stakos was no surprise, although it was thought that ho would havo about won. His rider, Willie Kuhn, lost somo control of his charger, owing to adofeotivo bit, and to this is attributed the defeat of Mr. Chippa§jy,®£^ horse. Tho same owner made aJaiF??^ J'8 i tho Selling Raco on Saturday, 'or i Carrington, but that horajjp^1^ mff° closer than second SL01?, ffot Aj^H^j2^^^^^0^rauj*h-a- Ballagh. i nw ^^^?WlW^fTectly satisfied with tho formancos of our representatives, as they gallantly uphold tho confidonoo reposed in them by tho scores ef admirers in this district. THE FOOTBALL SEASON. Football is now in full swing, and oach suc ceeding Saturday brings with it some in teresting gamos. Tho Nowcastlo City Club has had bad luok up to the present, and if thoy do not play moro together, dofoat will stare thom in tho faco ovorywhoro they go. On Saturday thoy only scored ono behind to the Wallsendors 9 goals 11 bohinds. The loading Rugby olub has fared better, having beaten the Waratah team, and! played a drawn gamo with the Advance. The junior clubs havo managed to put visifing teams through, and if tho soniors wouldjonly prac tice togothor liko tho youngsters do, thoy would savo many ignominious dofdats. The projected visit of a Viotirian team' micrht bo the means of wakening the old playors up from their lethargy, and thus compel thom to go in for moro practice. As thoy) play now, thoy would not stand tho ghost of a show with tho formidable cabbago gardeners, and tho Boonor thov set to work earnestly tho more bright will thoir prosoeets of success appear in tho eyes of the public./ ' 1 ' ^ ~-r ,^10 Jorry' Marshall,' prompted^pinjfless, by past successes, took *V^g3j^^^^-ruisors to Maitland on Saturday JHfljl^PKro the company gave an entertain ^Huoa house ! The exponses wore J69, ^Kt will be seen that ' Jerry's' trip was not ^K-rofitablo speo. He had far better stay at ^Kome and be advised by his numerous friends, ?rather than po giving exhibitions at a loss. If Fho only bides his time ho will Boon bo ^accommodated with another match, which Hfrill provo far more beneficial financially . - JUBILEE EVENTS. B^Ninety odd entries havo boon rocoived by Messrs. Sidney and Earthing for their Jubiloo ovonts, to bo run on the oriokot ground on Tuesday noxt. In addition to tho prizo money for tho races tho promoters liavo catered for tho dovotoos of Torphiscoro, and a handsomo trilvor oup will bo given for a waltz competition. Thoro aro several other pedestrian events sotdownfor decision on Jubilee Day, pro* motod prinoipallybyFriondlysooiotios. Thofto will tond to mako tho day enjoyable, and it will not bo tho fault. of the various secretaries if the sports aro not extensively patronisod. 