"QUITE TRUE," BY LMISS DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "'Annalel's Rival," "Lady Sefton's Pride," "Footprints in the Snow," \- Croesus' W\idow, ' etc. CHAPTER XXIX. M\ils WatA¥'s DREA)l. We heard from Rtsie a few days after her marriage. She and Sir George were then in Paris, and Rosie gave a very lively description of their hotel, the shops, and the theatres; in fact, of everything likely to strike the fancy of a young girl on her first visit to the gayest city in the world, but she never mentioned Sir George. - Not once did his name occur in her long letter. But she wrote apparently in good spirits, and my mother was satis. ftied. But I know well. She was a girl too proud to complain of the consequences Sof her own acts,- and she -had chosen Sir George, and knew very well what he was before she had married hint. The day her letter came was ever after wards marked in'my miid by a most pain. ful,nay,mttst terrible ineident. Since poor Hester's death, I had been too ill togo to the farm to see Mrs Wray. But during my last illness, after my miserable parting with Athol Garston, Rosie told me she had twice called to inquire how I was; hut that, as they supposed it would only excite me to see her, and recall painful memories, they had not told me of her visits at the time. But the day Rosie's letter arrived, Mrs Wray was shown intl our parlour about five o'clock, in the afternoon, as I was sit tin, alone brooding over the fire. I heard her ask if I were alone before she came in. Then, in her deep black, with her brown face looking worn and troubled, Hester's mother stood before me. I're made free to come, Miss Marget," she said, "and as you have' no fine etm: pany with you, can you spare me a bit of time'" "Certaiily;,Mrs Wray," I said, rising, and taking her hand.. I wnuldhave'called to see you long ago, but yiou kow, I sup pose, that I have been very ill 1" "Yes, Miss Rose, Lady Witham tliat is now, told me that you were laid down, and that.you had grieved sofi?rover the dleath of my dear lass. God bless you for what you did to her, poor lamb'! WVh. ever neglected her, you stood her fast friend, and her father, poor mann, and 1 narte your namen for a blessing every night when we kneel deown to say our prayers." I held out nty hand,: fir cuMld not speak, and Mrs WVray clasped it tightly.itn her hard worn one. "I'm sore distracted in my mind; Miss Marget," slhesaid. " Night and day I hare but one thought-for it's an iaful thing to say-but I believe the dead have-risen to cry fur vengeance." " What do you mean 1" I askid, almost breathlessly. "Miss Marget, I'll not deny," con tinued ul rs Wray, iith a stratge sulenmity stealing into her voice, " that I've wrestled sore in my prayers to have Hester's murderer delivered up !l-'ve prayed this in the still hours of the night,-:and I've prayed it in the meeting-house, and by the fireside, with my old mann.kneeling along wi' me! She 'was our one, ye see-the one bairn God gave us-we could not bear to give her up." - " And her death-- it was so dreadful," I said, trying to speak calmly: " Ay-if she had died on hierbed -I would not have grieved so sore. But to be murdered! H'r dear face, that lay otl my breast whe she mass a babe, to be bruised and crushed till her own mother scarce can tell it ! It broke the old man's heart, and it has nigh broken mine, and if it wasn't fr John 's sake, I wouldn't care how soon they laid me alungside herjin the churchyard." '"It-it was terrible," I snid. "Well," went on MIrs Wray;," 1 was telling ye how I prayediand prayed f-r vengeance. If I had to walk twenty miles, I would go to see the man llaitied who killed my Hester. Aid I" beli-eve my prayers are heard" : * "'Oh Mrs Wray !" " It's just this day forttnight it. first . happened,-" continued Mrs Wray--" and when, as I'm a liring woman, tleater's spirit appeared ti, meuil a dreani." ' In a dream 1" I repeated.. "Ay, a dream," said Mrs Wray,-iin a voice fullof awe. " I had prayed lhing aid soure bfore I wet tto bed thatnight ;'prayed that the man might live to rae his bloody deed, and in thie -night Hester's spirit came. 'Shit was in her grave-clothes, por lass- just as I laid her. in her colfin-.andI the great mark was still upon her brow. But I saw her quite clear and plain, and I was notafraid. She sood therelooking at me, wringing her hauds at times, and then. she spoke. 'Seek imy murdrer ,lowi the old quarry-ihaft,"shlil said ; l after she hail said this, she vanished awray." I could riot speak : a deadly fiear crept into my heart. l-ad the dead really risen, then, to call down vengeance upon Edvward from her grave I "When I woke,' contitnued Mrs Wray, "a gratlreouibling fell upon ime, and the bed shook unidetr ue, bolut;r verralubted the warniig. 'I had seen H?ester's spirit, and I knew she had cometu in antswer to my prayers.". a'ifvlrapiosTfar..W~r "r'h1leuan. ýVaitMis Ma ettni Itell yldl,and then Iiiinla y'll not misdoubt,"iinter rupted Mrs Wray. " Well, that was the first niglhtl, anld two nights afterwards 1 dreamed the same. dreami aiain!. There stood HBeter, in her gravr-cluthles, wring ing her Ihands, poor lass, as she had rrung them afore. and the self smnie wdIrdF were on he'~is! ',Seek?;; Inltiirdl 'dow~ n the old quarry.sliaft,' she said, and then agaii she passed silently aray." -LI --.--do 'not understand it," I faltered. "It's a surre trniug," proceeded Mrs WVray, yet minre solelmlnly'; somie alue to Iester's murder lies down,ithe old slafi, hidden there frount all but God ! .WVell, Miss largetagain last. nightl shte camee! There were the same louoks, the sanie sdi words. Hester rlilI't rest ill her grave now till we're dtne her bidding; and I'rv comte to-day to ask ye t. get your brother's le.re for us to have the ould qiurry opened, and its secrets branhtl to lightn h "But-hbut Mrs Vta. " I Igasped, " this could triot Ihe, daime h would re quire a great deal of motwsy to re-open these shaft-~-andit wouldbe very danger "Mly old tman has a tild fewi hunldreds .put-by .i -thel:banP - replied Mrs-Wray quietly, "ahidiarlgllidlyapend it all so that the ptor 'lass may ukno she's not forgotten. iln -her bloohdy- grave.' You kisow we're no.oue to leave it to tnoe, Mliss lIar'et;"a she added: witht wistful pathos. -" It was to have been hers, and the silver teapot arid all, and it's no good now to tise aild the i td mtan." "But-but-" I faltered. "It'll cost hilm .nothing,"' continuedi Mris Wrai raiiin,. hir had wit h soie of her old hotest pride. '"I wouldu't be be hlden, nor John either, to Mr Edward nOlt for sixpetnce, to be spent on my dear lasa Hie wed her, but he thlught little of what he prmisedl in the church thit day. They tell imen evesn nors that hlie's after that hild-fracedl lass again, that he i welt with in Hester's lifetime, hlough a she's been but dead a Iimonth hr two, and I thiugh hIe knew that she had grieved sore about this." I was silent--I kniew tt what to say. "Dn't"'think I liltlel any disrespect It ytou, Miss Itrg.et, Ity inaming tlhese thini:s," wentt on IMrs Wray. " As I told yliu afore, mSy peor Jihnt andi I pray for t a blessiol -n yuiit Itti ht bIy Iighlt. But a ye'll understanid It If i went nigh Mr Edvardl myJself I coUldIII keep my tongue lied. I miust ay?il thini tlihat wouild an-ir him, anl things thit would do sty I,,ir l.is nI 'tied nattV. St I want you t ask himi. The cli ijITrry is oIII \lr Edwivrds grountd, and all: that re wanti isn is leave t- reilpen it. It'll cost MIry E ihardi nithiti., foir ivell find the cash Ii ald thile last six l-ce te whave in the wtrlel we'll gl.dily spend to answer our Herter's warnill." I" 'Edward's romn home," I said, struggling to hide my feelings. "In a day or two we expect him, and I'll see him then." "Thauk you, Miss MIuget," said Mrs Wray, rising to take her leave? .'!My poor John would have sent bh best're spects to you, but he's so dazed- like.he thinks of nothing. All his spirit,.poor man, was buried with or, Hester. -He 'loved his ` lile lass,' as he used to call her, better than the apple of his eye !" "I know," I said, and I held out my hand to the poor mother, whose heart also lay in her dear child's grave. The grief of these simple people was inex pressibly touching. Hester had been their pride, their joy, and after she was gone the world seemed empty to them. But Mrs Wray had left me a terrible task. How was 1 to tell Edward of the dream so strangely mixed with truth-of the weird warning which had come in the still hours of the night, to reveal the dark secret which lay hid in the bowels of the earth ! He was expected to return to tile Hall the'day following Mrs Wray's visit. I knew this, because one of the servants had come over with some grapes for my mother, which he had ordered to be sent, and this servant had told me that they expected Mr Selby back on this day. He would not reach Badly until the after noon, I knew, but I made utp my mind to go over to see him at once, and urgently entreat hins to lease'Hadly, and for ever. Fdor what would it avail bimn to refuse permission for the old quarry to be re opened I Any magistrate would give an order in such a case, and, if lihe refused, wouldnot suspicion at once naturally fasten'upon Edward I Mr Wray (poor Hester's father) was a substantial man in a worldly sense. Such a man would carry weight with him, and if he were willing to incur the expense of re-opening the old quarry-shaft to find some clue, however slight, to .his daughter's murder, I felt convinced that sooner..or, later-he - wuld obtain per mission to do so, and then, of Edward's guilt there coulld be little doubt. I spent a miserable night after Mrs Wray.was gone, thinking of these things, and a miserable morning, when I rose up, and remembered what was before me. Edward must o0 away; he must never comee bIck%. Mrs Wray was a woman of determined will, and her lore for herdead child, added to her superstitious feelinos, ahdiad ?di,her auore dangerous than a de tective, and I'knew well sIte would never rest until she had obeyed " the warning," as sihe called it, of her dream. 1 told my mother I was going over to seo.Edward in the afternoon of the day that he was expected home. But visitors delayed me, and it was nearly dark when I set out. Dark, except that a half moon was shedding its fitful rays upon the road as lie went along; but, though I was afraid, I was determined to go, for I felt that the sooner Edward knew of his dan ger the better. My mother had insisted upon me taking our seivant ith mne,'therefore I was not quite alone. But as I went on, I could not help feeling a superstitious dread. I was obliged to cross the fields to reach the Hall, but across lte fields there were two ways. One of these ways (the nearest) was the very path on which poor Hester was nmr dered. The other (the one which made it a'liit?walk: tIo the Hall from the village) led through the field which contained the .old quarry=shaft. I chose the latter. Bult I shuddered as I walked quickly along followed by the maid ; I shuddered, and dared scarcely glance mitto the centre of the field, in which a rude railing was placed round the old quarry-shaft fr safety. My dear father had often cmntem plated filling in this shaft. It had'been sunk under the belief that there was valuabhle stnne below. But this was found not to be the case, aud soon after the shaft was made tile undertaking was given up. We had always celled it the "old quarry," when we were children, and used to go and gather cowslips in the field where it was, and I remember being warned by our mother not to go too near Stile shaft. ..All this amne back to my mind as I Shirried on in the fitful moonlight, litund on tmy miserable errand to my brother's house. Ah, we were hippy then, I thought ; why did we not die as children, and why had the shadow of such a terrible crime fallen upon my life 1 On, on, I went, half-running. Then, for a moment, I glanced back ; glanced back, and gave a cry of terror. There, standing by tile railing round the shaft, was 5now a misty figure. My superstitious fears came back withl tenfold force when I beheld this. It was Hester's spirit, I imagined, and I could not suppress the shriek which rose on my trembling lips. Our maid, Jane, was equally frightened. "Oh, 3Miss-it's the glhost!" she cried. " Young Mrs Selby's ghost, and they say it's always wandering about- oh ! ohl !" Jane's last exclamations of real terror were caused by the misty figure, standing by the railings round the shaft, now turn ing and coming swiftly towards us. "Oh--" cried Jane, falling on her kneles, "' Olh ! save trs ! save us.!' " What-tho deuce is the matter 1" said a voice thle next minute, that I knew. It was Edward's voice- Edward, whom in our superstitious fear we had mistaken for poor Flester's restless spirit ! " \hat is the nmatter 1" he sid again, anl hy this time hIe was near enough to recongnise me. ' Why, isit you, Peggy 1" he asked. " Whlatever is the mstter withll that girll I And lwhat on earth were you bothll shrieking ab-ut r1" "Tlse ghost ! thle ghlost !" roared Jane, still on the ground. - "?eNnsese," aid Edward, but there wa,'s ever so faiiit a tretimrin hisi'vroice. "Get up, gill," Ihe added. "Peggy, were you going t, thle Hall i' " Yes," I said, "'yes, Edlward," and I put :my trembling arts through smytun happy brothler's. - ,(To be CosttintseL) 