^itcratec. ? JL HERO IN SPITE OF HIMSELF. ; By ROBERT BUCHANAN, .Author of 'Shadow of the Sword,' ' A Ghild of Nature,' and 'God and the Man.' ?Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] part n. Chapteb. X. — The Night Attack, {Continued.) Acoupleof hours passed. BothFotherhv gay and Kelso seemed to be sound asleep. ?Still Melvin did not rise. Mote than once his face was- convulsed 'and bis hand' ^touched the weapons in ins belt. How gladly he would nave destroyed his enemy sleeping, had he dared. At last he rose and moved' about 'the room. His com* pardons seemed to continue sleeplngaound and undisturbed. '* He looked out through the small window of one pane. The storm .had broken, and a wild moon was pouring Its beams through the driving clouds. Suddenly he started. Something looked in at frW like the reflection of bis own haggard face. He looked again. A figure stood outside in the moonlight, beckoning. The man he had met on the highway, JSed Searle. He looked sound. Neither of the -sleepers stirred. Then quietly and slowly he moved to the door, paused there, and looked round stealthily j then opened the door and crept out, closing it behind him. ' Scarcely had he done so when Jack Kelso crawled from his berth and. approached the window on hands and knees. A few yards from the shanty Melvin saw the figure waiting. He crept up to it, 'Ned, is it you ?' he whispered. 'Yes. Come this yer way, Mr.Melvin.' They crawled rather than walked till 'they reached the shelter of a large boulder, then they crouched down, and Searle, gripping the other fiercely and uttering a horrible oath, said — ' I waswatching yer — watching all three — long afore you guessed I was about. I . know, one o' them two, curse him— and ... curse me if he leaves this place alive 1' « Which do you mean ?' '?Him with the beard. It was him that nick'd me when I'd just covered Dunn Smith. Who's the other— the swell with the overcoat ?' ' One Fotheringay. listen to me, .Ned ! Where are your men ?' 'Ready — four on 'em. They'll come to my whistle. What's to be done ? Blind you, him that shot me is a dead man ! 1 wouldn't let him off for twenty thousand dollars !' ' No ; kill him !' hissed the engineer. 'Kill him! Here are five hundred dollars— all I have about me. Gome or -send to me for another five hundred when it's done!' 'Right !' returned Searle, taking the greenbacks. ' We'll do it slick away. What about the swell ?' ' Kill him, too, if you can — he's dan gerous ; but, whatever you do, don't let the other escape. Ned, quick — whisper ! How's it to be 4one ?' ' You leave that to me, gav'nor. As €or you, you'd better make tracks.' They rose from their hiding-place and separated. Melviri crept towards the horses, which were tethered close .go the ehanty, tinder the shelter of the crag -cast one free, and seizing the other by the bridle secured it. At that moment the moon came out brightly, and he heard a cry from the shanty. Kelso was standing bareheaded at the door. 'Stop, you scoundrel! Stop, or I'll * fire !' But, without heeding, Melvin leaped on the horse's back and dashed down the road. There was a flash; a sharp report, . and a bullet whizzed paBt his ear. Fright ened by the sound the horse galloped away past the shanty and down the decline. Fortunately for the rider it was -surefooted and knew the way blindfold. As horse and rider disappeared into the v -darkness {here was a wild yell from the rocks above the shanty, and simul taneously several bullets struck the door, ' miming Kelso by a hair. He rushed in and closed the door. . ' What the deuce' Is the matter ?' cried Fotheringay, staggering to his feet, half asleep. . 'Treachery ! That villajn, Melvin, has led us into a trap;. -The place is' sue /rounded.' ;' ,.' . -, ... ?' ? Fotheringay was astonished bat quite cool. Taking a revolver from his breast pocket he cocked it quietly. ' What does it mean, Kelso ? Who are they?' 'God knows !' A bullet crashed through the window pane, smashing it to fragments, and just missing Kelso. The two men crouched down, Fctheringay armed with his re volver, Kelso gripping a long double barrelled pistol in each hand. More wild yells came from without, more bullets rained into the shanty. It was clear that they were surrounded on every side. Chapter XL— The Fugitive. About 3 o'clock in the morning, when everybody in Speranza was fast asleep, Melvin galloped into the town and knocked at the door of the drink-house, or hotel. On being admitted by the landlord (not without a suspicious parley from within and a threat of firearms) he appeared bleeding from a slight flesh wound hi the neck, the result, he ex plained, of. a random bullet, and ex plained that he and two Englishmen, his companions, had been attacked by a baud of ruffians up at the mine. The .little place was soon aroused* and Melvin found himself the centre of a- rough but sympathising crowd. g , ^ 'Reckon it's Ned Searle's£ang,'\ said the landlord, ' what's left on !enu 'We'd best go to waken up the sheriff.' V Leaving Melvin in the hotel, the land lord and several others hastened off. to Dunn Smith's dwelling. As they did so they distinctly heard the sharp sound of firing from the distant hills. : 'They're having a high time up thar,' said the landlord. 'Sounds like a kind o' pitch battle. I calkQate the sheriff arn't well pleased when he finds he warn't on in that scene.' * - .£, But after succeeding, not without diffi culty, in 'awakening Mrs. Dunn Smith frem her slumbers, and bringing heir to the door in dressing- gown, and curl papers, with a lighted candle in her hand, they were informed to their surprise that Mr. Smith wasn't at home,* ' He went up to the mine with that Britisher,' she explained. 'What's wanted with him ?' They explained what had occurred, and suggested that she should step down to the hotel and interview the fugitive. She agreed at once, and hurrying into the room where Melvin was sitting, white as death and blood-stained, greeted him with these words — : ' . 'Where's the sheriff? ; Where's my man, Dunn Smith ? Speak out, whoever ye are !' Melvin started, naturally astonished. 'He was up with us ai the mine yesterday afternoon,' he answered. ' Before sunset he left us to walk home. Do you mean to say that he has not been home?' Mrs. Smith's answer was a shrill shriek : and an immediate, attack, of hysterics. When she had been brought to, partly with the aid of a little mild stimulant administered by the hotel-keeper, she moaned faintly — 'I knew what would come of his fooling about ! They've killed him at hut, I reckon. If they hadn't he'd have slept at home hut night along o' his lawful wife 2 O, Dunn, Dunn, you'll never hear me piany no more, or take me gallivanting up to Canaan ! You never guv me a harsh word, and now I'm a lone lorn widdy in my prime !' 'Cheer up, missus,' said the lad Ginger, who was adding by. 'Ihe sheriffs all safe, I caJkiiate, on'y he's amooaing him self on duty. They're firing away stall up thar.' \ ? But Mrs. Smith was not to be consoled. Though not ufiuaUy of a nervous' tempera ment, and well accustomed to scenes of danger, she had been quite unhinged by thesudden alarm coining upon her in the staail hours of the night. ' Meantime, Melvin was growing more , and more uneasy. He had arranged his story cqnningly in order to account for his own reappearance, and the wound on Ms neck had been made by a scratch shot from his own hand. So far, all was well. But if the enemy escaped to report the night's work, what then ? . Well, even in that case, perhaps he could defend himself by saying that he had taken the alarm and escaped to save his own life. In any case, the sooner. he was away from Speranza the better. So he rose and announced his Intention of riding on to Canaan and there looking up a doctor. No one seemed astonished at this decision, and no one suspected him of any kind of foul play. He mounted the horse, which stood in readiness at the door, and rode rapidly away. As he did so the faint sound of firing still came from the hills. Chapter XE — A Special Telegram. A few days .after the occurrence of the events narrated inmy hist chapter Colonel Sloane sat hi his private room in the hotel at Long Branch reading the New York Herald ot that morning. - Suddenly he started and uttered an exclamation. TTiw eye had fallen on the following, printed in all the glory of terrific headings and long type:— . '. [speciai ' herald' telegram:.] THE SPERANZA MINE AND NED SEARLE'S GANG. MURDER OF TWO ENGLISHMEN. Reported Death of Dunn Smith, the Sheriff. NARROW ESCAPE OF AN EEGI NEER. The Lonely Shanty in the Golden Gulch. Harrowing Details. ' Our Canaan correspondent writes us as follows: — Canaan, Oct. 15th.— The Speranza district has just been the scene of a frightful affair, entailing the loss of several valuable lives. Among those who have perished is Colonel Fotheringay, the well-known capitalist and owner of the Speranza chum, and a Mr. John Kelso, a travelling photographer. ' Your readers will vividly remember the affray which took place about a week ago, when. Mr. Dunn Smith, sheriff of Speranza, so heroically defended himself against Ned Searle, the robber, and a huge number of his gang. It appears that Ned and several of the survivors took to the hills hi the neighborhood of the Speranza Mine, where they were in hiding when ColonelFotheringay, accompanied by Mr. Melvin, the engineer, arrived on a visit of inspection. * 'Thetwogentleman were escorted to the scene of operations by Mr. Dunn Smith and Mr. Kelso, the photographer. Here Mr. Smith appears to have left them with the view of returning home, but on his way through the woods he was waylaid and shot by Ned Searie. ' In the meantime the gang had sur rounded, the shanty in the dead of the sight. Aroused by the yells of the ruf fians Mr. Melvin managed to spring out, leap on his horse, and gallop away, not without receiving an ugjy wound. But with the two others sleeping in the shanty it fared far worse. ?' Carrying only six-shooters while the the robbers were armed with rifles, they were practically hejplesa. With a refine ment of cruelty the head of the gang re quested them to step out and be shot in the.open. On their refusal the shantywas fired. ' The colonel and his companion, rush ing forth, fought desperately for some time, but were at last shot dead. *' These are all the details that have at* present reached your correspon dent. Much excitement is felt in the district, and-vigUancecommitteehasbeen organised to hunt down these ruffians, who have long been the pest of ihe district. Their object is said to have been plunder, as Colonel Fotheringay was jBupposed to . carry a huge amount of greenbacks, be sides person jewellery valued at many thousand dollars. ** Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Meivini tie engineer:, and the only. ?nrvlFer, who is said tobe prostrated with his terrible experience. In Colonel Fotheringay he mourns a friend and benefactor. He is now on his way to New York.' Colonel Sloane sank back in his chair fairly grasping with amazement, then the blood left his cheeks and he trembled like a leaf. 'It's Melvin's doing !' he groaned. ' The murdering villain ! Why did I let him go ?' Before he could recover from the first shock of the news the door opened, and his long-missing daughter, accompanied by Isabel Raymond, rushed into the room. Both the girls were pale as death and wildly agitated. He saw in a moment that they had heard the news. ' Angy !' he cried. 'Tea, papa,' answered Angela hysteri cally, ' I have come back ; I don't care now ; you can kill me, too, now you have murdered my Jack.' ' I— murdered him !' cried Sloane, aghast. 'What does the girl mean?' Angy, are you mad ?' Here Isabel, who was as white as marble, but far more composed than her friend, interposed. 'You have seen the newspaper — that horrible telegram. Speak ; is it true ? For God's sake, speak, and tell us if it is true or false.' 'I know nothing about it,' answered Sloane. 'I'd only just looked at the paper.' 'Colonel Sloane, should it be true (Which God forbid), remember what I tell you now. You knew of this. You sent Colonel Fotheringay to his death in that frightful place.' ' I,' gasped the colonel, falling back as if shot. 'Miss Raymond take care.' 'Oh, X am not afraid of you,' said Isabel. ' I know well what you are, and' though for your daughter's sake I have been silent, your villainy has been long known to ine.' .-.??? ' As heaven's my eternal jedge. Miss Raymond,' returned Sloane pathetically, 'I'm as innocent of this affair as you or Angy. I was that fond of Fotheringay that I wouldn't have harmed a hair of his head ; and as for the other young chap, I'd no idee he was there. P'r'aps the neWs ain't true! P'r'aps it's the exag geration o' them MercM correspondents* At any rate don't blame me.' Meantime Angela had thrown herself, wildly sobbing, on a settee, and had hidden her face in her hands. ' Oh, Jack ! Jack ! so good — so hand some— ^so young] It will .break my heart !' 'Don't take on so, my gal,' said her father, wishing to look sympathetic, and quite oblivious of his former animosity to Kelso. ' PVaps it ain't your Jack after all. He ain't a * photographer,' is he ? and it's not likely he'd be down at Speranza.' ' He was going there, I know,' sobbed ihegirL ' Colonel Sloane,' cried Isabel, 'what is to be done ? How can we ascertain the truth of these reports ?' ' 'Only by waiting,' replied Sloane. 'Likely there'll be more details to* morrow.' At this moment a servant entered with a telegram for Sloane. He opened it and read as follows : — ** Come up here at mice.' The sender was Kyrie Melvin ; the office of issue New York. The colonel's manner convinced Isabel at once that this telegram had reference to her own trouble, and she cried without hesitation, fixing her dark eyes upon him — ' Tell me the contents of that telegram 2 Who is it from?' ' From Kyrle Melvin,' replied Sloane, after a moment's hesitation, and ? he placed it In her hands. Angela sprang up, and the two girls read the telegram breathlessly. ?.'Oh, Isabel, it is his doing!' cried Angela. 'He hated Jack for loving me P Isabel did not know what to think. Her dislike to Melvin was not so intense as that of her friend, and, after all, it seemed improbable that the engineer could be to blame. The report said that he also had been attacked and had narrowly escaped : with life. It was all very horrible and inexplicable. 'Angy, dear,' she cried, 'there is only one thing to be done.. We must take the cars at once to New York and find this man.' 'Just what I was going to suggest,' said Sloane. ' And with your permission I'll be your escort.' Great as was her dislike to Sloane, Isabel was far too anxious to object to this arrangement, so all three set forth together— the. colonel nervously, excited, thegirls still crying bitterly. Onarrivingat New, York they took a hired carriage, and wejre : driven direct to the offices of the mining company in. Wall-street,' whence Melvin had sent his wire. In the outer office, which was large and finely furnished, several clerks were busy. ?'Mr. Melvin. been here?' asked the colonel. One of the clerks replied in the affirmative. Yes, Mr. Melvin had called in the morning, and had promised to return hi the afternoon. 'We'll wait for him,' said Sloane, leading the way into a large inner room, used for the meetings of the board. But Isabel drew back, crying to her friend — ? 'Come with me, Angy. Colonel Sloane,' wait for us here — we shall .be back directly.' ' But where are you going ?' 'To the nearest telegraph-office. I have a message to send. Come, Angy.' The girls disappeared, and the colonel, with a groan, sat down and lit a cigar. He was utterly perplexed and not a little alarmed. Several minutes passed. Then the door quietly opened, and a man entered, looking like a ghost from the grave. It was the engineer. No sooner did he appear than Sloane leapt to his feet and seized him with both hands. ?'You villain, you murdering villain, . what does it all mean ?' ?'Let me go, you fool,' answered Melvin ; ' and speak lower, or else they'll hear you.' ** Is it true, then ? Are they dead 9' 'It is quite true. We were attacked in the night, and by a mere chance I escaped.' Meantime Isabel and Angela hurried along the street towards the telegraph offices, which were a few blocks away. They were about to enter the building when a young man, plainly but neatly attared, came up and addressed them, touching his hat respectfully as he did so. 'Beg pardon, ladles, but can I speak tojon?' ' Who are you ?' cried Isabel. ' What do you want?' ?* If you please, I'm Luke Stafford, bis lord— Mr. Kelao's servant. I followed you up all the way from Long Branch.' They looked at him hi surprise, for up till that moment they had had no notion of his existence. He continued to address them earnestly for some minutes. As he spoke they started in wonder, and looked at each other. An hour passed, and Colonel Sloane and Melvin still waited in the board-room of the company. The engineer had told his story in detail, embellishing it with as many inventions as he thought neces sary. Then Sloane had Informed him that the two girls were at hand, eager for news ot the murdered men. Another half hour, and the colonel grew uneasy. He hastened into the outer office —they had not arrived ; then to the tele graph-office — no one there could give him any explanation. He returned, looking ghastly. .'Can't make it out!' he cried. 'They only went to aend a wire! There's some thing ugly at the bottom of it, I calki late.' Hoars passed, and still the girls did not return. That night the colonel, who was distracted, heard no Ward of them ; and during the day that followed they were still missing. Chapter XIII. — A Resurrection. The second day after the arrival of Colonel Sloane in New York there was a special and private meeting of the directors of the South Speranza Gold and Silver M ine. Colonel Sloane occupied the chair, looking the merest shadow of his old self, for the events of the last few days had filled him with the sharpest anxiety. No further information concerning the fatal affiay at the mine had yet appeared ; so the presumption was that the first telegram was substantially correct. The directors present were ten in num ber, and all long and intimately asso ciated in business with the chairman. As they sat round the table' they presented a collection of singularly ill-favored faces, the Jewish type preponderating. ' Well, gentlemen,' said the colonel, ' the long and the short of it is, I hold Colonel Fotheringay's securities to an amount far beyond the purchase-money ? also his transfer of the' property in ex change for two-thirds fully paid-up shares and one- third in cash. Here is his re ceipt, all square and regular. So the un fortunate gentleman's decease won't in terfere in any way with our arrangements for floating the company.' Thereupon the secretary was called in, and submitted his report, to the effect that the public had already taken up nearly all the shares offered in the market, and that the company was therefore, as the colonel expressed it, a going concern. ' Before we proceed further,' suggested a director, ' we had better interview Mr. Melvin, the engineer.' This being generally agreed to Kyrle Melvin was shown in. He was neatly clad in black, which Increased the effect of his ghastly pallor and the half-healed bullet wound on the neck. In a few soft and well-chosen sentences he gave his account of the adventure of Speranza, alluding pathetically en passant to the great affection he had' felt for Colonel Fotheringay, and laying particular em phasis on their friendly relations. 'Tell the gentlemen present, if you please,' said Sloane, ' the object of your last visit to the mine in our lamented friend's company.' Melvin smiled faintlyand bowed. 'Colonel Fotheringay, as you are aware, was the soul of honor. Reports had been spread to the effect that the value of his property was exaggerated in the market. At my suggestion he deter mined to make a fresh personal inspection hi my company. On our arrival, in his presence, I took a portion*of the lode at random and assayed it roughly. The ex periment was to be repeated next day in the presence of his friend, Mr. Kelso, who laid claim to a knowledge of mineralogy. For that purpose we remained at the shanty over night.' ? -? ! 'Was the result so far favorable?' asked a director. . ' Certainly. It simply confirmed all my previous calculations, and Colonel Fother ingay was quite convinced of the value of the property.' ' Well, then, gentlemen,' said Sloane, 'nothing more is to be said. I move that Mr. Melvin's report be passed, and a printed statement issued to the public.' ?'One moment, Mr. Melvin,' said another director, 'when you last saw Colonel Fotheringay he was alive. We shall require official confirmation of his death, preliminary to legal arrangements.' 'When I last saw him,' said Melvin, in a low tremulous voice, ' he was stand ing in the shanty, revolver in hand, with the other English gentleman. The attack Ing party; were on every side, armed with Winchester rifles. ? I have explained to you how I narrowly, escaped with life. The robbers were ten to two. Within a few minutes of my escape both the unfor tunate gentlemen must have fallen This, as you are aware, is established by the newspaper reports. ' . 'Just so,'! said Sloane. -'It is quite impossible that ColpnfJ;J^feerIngay can have escaped with life!' 'Quite impossible.' Sloane looked round the board. ' You see, gentlemen, there's no doubt about it. He's a dead man.' . At that moment the door; was thrown open, and a clerk entered' with this an nouncement— -°'; '?? ' 'Colonel Fotheringay. V fTobecoTitinued,) \- a *~ ~ -^ .['? '. — 