GENERAL NEWS. A FLYING VISIT TO THE SILVER MINES. [From a Special Correspondent.] In the summer of 1881 it fell to my lot to accompany a friend on a visit to the Barrier Ranges. At that time the quickest way of taking the trip was to go by rail to Terowie, and thence by vehicle across the North-Eastern country. Travelling by buggy it took us the greater part of four days to cover the distance, and I have a lively recollection of the misadventures which we encountered and of the fatigued condition we were in on reaching our destination. There were then no silver mines to attract the traveller and sustain his spirits amid the depressing in fluence of the never-ending stretches of monotonous saltbuBh. He had to go right on and console himself with the reflection that if there was no friendly inn to open its hospitable doors to him he could at least count upon a hearty welcome from any one of the station managers to whom he might appeal for accommodation. Every one knows what a marvellous transformation has been accomplished since then, and I am free to confess that the glowing reports of what silver has done for the Barrier inspired me with a great longing to revisit the scenes which before were so unattractive. It was therefore with delighted alacrity that a few days ago I accepted an invita tion to go and witness the mighty changes which five years have wrought. Our party consisted of a Mel bourne gentleman connected with a leading mercantile firm in the sister colony, an Adelaide citizen - who proved to be a charming companion, as genial and popular as he is public spirited-and myself. Leaving the city by the 7.40 a.m. train we were soon jogging along at the sober pace affected Dy the northern railways through the verdant fields which occupy the Adelaide plains. Tangible evidences of the glorious season we were enjoying were every where visible. From the metropolis to Petersburg, and thence onward towards Cockburn as far as agricultural settlement has penetrated, the appearance of the crops is such as to justify the moBt sanguine hopes of the tillers of the Boil, and to assure South Australians generally that a more prosperous era has dawned for them. In places the growing corn is backward enough, but this is due not to any fault of the season, but to the fact that many a farmer who has lost heart by reason of his long continued reverses has, nnder the stimu lus of bountiful rains, decided at a late hour to tempt fortune once more. Certain it iB that this spring has witnessed the planting with wheat of an area much in excess of the acreage of any previous year, and the outlook is most promising. Nothing could be more charming than the long succession of gentle slopes which form the chief feature in the landscape of the mid-North as seen from the train, covered as they are with their mantle of vivid green. The country beyond Peters burg to the North-East yields to none in the quiet beauty of its fruitful valleys ancl gentle slopea ; and Parlia ment and the Bailway Department have conBpired together to give the traveller ample time to feast his eyes upon this pleasant proepect, for the progress of the train is very slow. For all that it is not slow enough for the time-table, for at the stopping-places, of which there are some half a dozen or more, there are exasperating pauses, much longer than oan possibly be required by the exigencies of traffic. Surely without risk to the railway, which, it must be borne in mind, has been strengthened since the Act fixing the rate of speed was passed, a journey of 145 miles over a level track might be accomplished in leBs than nine hours. The permanent-way is so admirably laid, the carriages are so well appointed, the officials sc universally polite, and the travelling alto gether so comfortable that it seems a thousand pitieB that these expedients for killing time in this way should be resorted to. There is no need to quote statistics to show how wonderfully the Teelulpa ex citement has cooled down. The railway beyond Petersburg is fairly well patro nised, but the eager crowds of fortune hunters downwards and the continuous stream of crestfallen diggers who have had no luck upwards are nowhere to be seen. Yunta is comparatively deserted, and a very few carriages even in these jubilee excursion times accommodate all the traffic. Mannahill makes frantic efforts to maintain the importance it attained in the heyday of Teetulpa's prosperity, but it is only the ghost of its former self. A Btrange, weird sight meets the eye, and deafening noises greet the ear of the passenger as he arrives at the station, between half-past 8 and 9 o'clock at night. Near by in straggling order appear some half-dozen shanties, most of them of canvas, but one or two of gal vanized iron, from the open entrances to which streams ont a flood of light. An invitation to enter is lustily sounded on half a dozen bullock-bells wielded by as many stalwart women standing in the doorways. We make for the nearest, which turns out to be a lioensed public house, and are regaled with roast mutton done to a turn and carved in hunks which would paralyse a pampered appetite, but are welcome enough to men made as hungry as hunters by long absti nence and the keen evening air. One powerful Hebe takes charge of the eatables, another of the liquors. In a defiant sort of way we are admon ished to drink, the innocent teacup being flaunted in our faces as If it were a chal lenge to fight, while the laconic exclama tion "Tea," delivered in pugilistic tones, is accompanied by a look which seems to say " Refuse at your peril." We shudder as we drink the cheering draught, and agree that it would not be pleasant ex perience to " rouBB the dander" of our masculine hostess. Greatly refreshed by this timely repast, we take advantage of the opportunity-the first Bince leaving Adelaide- of procuring a flask of spirits for use in case of emergency ; and having taken a casual look over the little town ship, which consists of th shanties afore said, a modest station-house with a tele graph officb (since opened to the public), and a large building for railway purposes in course of erection, we re-enter the car riage and doze away the three hours and a half which still remain of the train ride. The moon is now high iu the heavens, and pours its lustrous beams upon the landscape, lending a sort of mild enchant ment to the dreaiy stretches of level plain clothed with saltbush through which wo have to pass. And now we are at Cockburn-only some taenty minutes behind time-and speedily our belongings and ourselves are transferred to a buggy which the foresight of my companions has secured for UB. For a moment or two we glance around upon the strange midnight scene which the railway has conjured up in what was so recently a wilderness. Hard by is the coach, already laden to its utmost capacity to the distress of some anxious travellers, who are trying in vain to obtain a seat, and who, as we afterwards find out, have to tramp the 20 miles to Silverton. Behind and on each side of us are piles of coke and timber and iron for the mines. The lamp of the railway station sends out a flood of light, and we can see in tho distance loaded drays and a host of little tenements, interspersed here and there with more pretentious edifices, chief among which is the engine-shed and railway store, built on the immediate confines of Hew South Wales. The township haB progressed marvellously during the few months of its existence, but it is confidently predicted that the completion of the tramway to Broken Hill will prove its deathknell. 1 am not at all of that opinion, for there is a certain amount of traffic which must for a long time to come have Cockburn for its centre, and while thiB is so it cannot be extinguished. Be this as it may, it is reaping a harvest now, and the fearful state of mud to which its highways and environs have been reduced bears witness to the business activity which prevails. Seeingthismud,andlearninghowtenacious it as we struggle to the buggy, we take counsel with the driver as to the prospects of the journey before us, and are not reassured by his emphatic declaration that the roads are next to impassable, and that for the first 4 miles we have to trust to light horses which are far from fresh. Under these depressing influences we set out, and it is not long before we discover that the driver has not overstated the case. The country is half under water, and the tracks have been mercilessly cut up by innumerable drays passing with heavy loads to and from the mines. We are no sooner out of one deep rut than we are into another. On we go, mostly at a walking pace, splashing amongst mud and mire, plunging through sluggish rivulets, jolting over the hard spots, which are few and far between, moving wearily across stretches of stiff clammy clay, but happily moving onwards all the time. The road we are traversing goes by old Thackaringa, which the driver informs us is shorter but on the whole heavier than the mail route by the new township. Every now and then we are assured by this same stolid personage, who somehow resents being called a Job's comforter, that the worst of the journey is still before us. Happily the gloomy announce ment is tempered by the news that a clinking pair of horses awaits us at the Thackaringa Hotel, and that by hook or by crook we shall be landed at Silverton in advance of the coach. Presently we come upon a wagon high laden with coke, which proves to be the first of a long line of similar wagons on the way to the great rendezvous at Broken Hill. The teamsters are sleeping under a tarpaulin stretched across the shafts or pole of the vehicle, and from afar on the frosty night air comeB the tinkle of the bells of the bullocks and horseB which are taking tribute of the bushes in preparation for their weary march of the next day. Here and there Bn expiring fire sheds a sombre light around, but the Thackaringa plains are destitute of timber, and the carters have for the most part to be content with the caloric which Nature supplies. I cannot help thinking as we jog along of the marvel IOUB contrast which this biting air, this half-submerged country, and these exe crable tracks present to the state of affairs on my last trip past old Thacka ringa, when undet the fierce heat of an October snn, amid hurricanes of dust blown up from the level but pulverized surface of the same road, a friend and I pur sued our way towards the Barrier. Three miles from the Border we come upon two wagonB with wheels firmly embedded in the earth. On them are the two boilers, each weighing some 10 tons, destined for the 80-ton smelters to be put up at Broken HilL They have already been many days in this position and in all probability another month must elapse before they can be released. How aidentty the mine proprietors must long for the comple tion of the tramway, which will, it is true, throw out of employment some Bcores of carters, but which will relieve Managers of the dire vexations and shareholders a great deal of the cost of the present uncertain means of transit. Much of the difficulty has arisen fronr the season having been phenomenally wet, but the cartage of thousands of tons of' produce and material by horse and bnllock dray cannot be regarded as more than a temporary arrangement. It is half-past 1 when we pull up at the Thackaringa Bote], and while the driver is getting his jaded steeds replaced by the clinking pair upon which our hopes depend, we pass a comfortable half-hour in the inn parlour, where a glowing wood fire burning on a wide old-fashioned hearth brings back the circulation to our benumbed limbs, and a dainty meal of tea and choice bread and butter fortifies us internally for further conflicts with the outer air and the dismal roads. It is not necessary to recount at length the further adventures which befell us after leaving this welcome shelter. Our Jehu proved to be as good as his word not only as regards the road, which undoubtedly grew worse rather than better, but in the matter of the horseB, which showed a spirit and strength beyond their size. They plunged through the pools, staggered over the slippery sidings, dragged the buggy through the gluey mire, trotted gaily along when the track allowed of their keeping their foot ing, mounted the slcpes of the Barrier Bulges (which look strangely dwarfed and unmountainlike as we approach them in the moonlight), dashed through the sleeping township of Umberumberka, and descending the hill beyond, floundered through the yielding mud of the main street of Silverton, and came to a stop amidst the liquid abominations of the yard of Tantram'a Hotel. The journey of 20 miles had occupied close upon five hours, but we had the satisfaction of knowing that the coach did not arrive* until some two hours later. Such is travelling at the Barrier Ranges, and it may safely be inferred that people who are not willing and ready to rough it had better postpone for a time their trip to the silver mineB. It is no part of my purpose to give a detailed account of the settlements which have sprung up like magic in the train of silver discovery or to report upon the mul titude of mines spread over the 1,200 Bquaro miles of Barrier country which have proved to be argentiferous. All this has been done with more or less explicitness by previous visitors, and to do it again anything like systematically would involve a stay on the field of at least as many weeks as we spent days there. Ours was in truth a flying visit, and not a tithe of the hundreds of properties known on the Exchange came under our notice. Arriving at Silverton a little before day break on Tuesday evening we spent the first few hours in bed. On awaking we found our inn to be a house of some sixty or seventy rooms replete with eveiy con venience and comfort, if not with every luxury to be met with in a first-class metropolitan hotel. The table was un exceptionable, the waiting good, the sleep ing accommodation excellent, although strained beyond its capacity, and the provision for guests in the way of saloons, smoking - rooms, and billiard . rooms altogether admirable. Nor, as we after wards ascertained, is this the only hotel in. the township that can. be spoken of in terms of praise. There are drinking places, licensed and unlicensed, which are a disgrace to the authorities, but visitors may confidently reckon upon being well attended to, especially if they take the precaution of ordering rooms beforehand. We were told that there was a lull in the prosperity of Silverton, but there seemed to be no lack of business activity. It is, no doubt, true that the marvellous rate of progress which marked the early history of the township has been checked, but what has occurred is wonderful enough. Four or five years ago there was in sight nothing but one ugly stone house, which looked terribly lonely in the surrounding desolation. To-day the build ings are to be numbered by hundreds and the population by thousands. In Bourke street and other thoroughfares there are several handsome stone edifices, and although the makeshift galvanized iron and matchboard still play an important part in the architecture of the place, there are in the fashionable residence quarter stone villa3 constructed with a keen eye to stability, and in some instances to elegance as well. Unhappily the wheels of municipal go vernment drag heavily. There is a Cor poration in existence, but it has been hampered in its operations by questions of validity and in validity. The result is that the Muni cipal Council has done little or nothing to establish a title to public confidence, and even Bourke-street at the time of our visit was little better than a quag mire. All this, however, is to be changed. Drainage and street-making are to be pro ceeded with, and obedience to sanitary laws is to be enforced. It is only fair to the estimable Mayor, Mr. Butter worth, with his civic colleagues, to say that the season has been a moBt exceptional one. Dust, not mud, is the prevailing torment of Silverton, and it is not surprising that the continuous downpour of rain has taken the Council at unawares. It is further to be noted that the town has not had the inspiring example of the Central Government to stimulate it to action. The silver mines settlements have, in deed, been treated with studied neglect. Their rich contributions to the revenue in Customs duties and rents and licence-fees have_ been cheerfully ab sorbed, but their wants have been stoically ignored. The main work of the Executive Government devolves upon Mr. Wyman Brown, the Warden and Police Magistrate, who discharges his numerous and onerous duties with a zeal, an intelligence, and an impartiality which have won for him universal confi dence and respect. The roads and public works of the district are under the control of a Superintendent, who has to make a limited amount of money cover a very wide field. Then there are the local police, who now generally find the popu lation law-abiding enough, but who aforetime, on the occasion of a great banquet or political demonstration, have had their authority set at nought. More than once, indeed, the Sdvertonians have taken the bit between their teeth and set all restraints at defiance. It is not often that they have thus taken the law into their own hands, and with advancing age and with the blessing of municipal government have come increased soberness and self - control. Of course, the talk of the people is all of mining claims and minerals, of workings and suspensions and jumpings, of lead and silver and tin. Just now indeed, it is more of tin than of anything else, for the reported richness of the Poolamacca MineB has carried their imagination captive, and the prospects of Euriowie and Caloola are eagerly and in cessantly canvassed. This is not to be wondered at. for it is expected that the tin mines will pour their treasures first of all into the lap of Silverton, whence they will be borne by tramway to Adelaide or Port Pirie. It is felt that the township needs some such fillip, for, except for Umberumberka, which, by-the way, is being worked with most encouraging results, Silverton has for the time being practically ceased to be the centre of a large traffic for the silver mines, and its trade has languished in consequence. Everything, indeed, is assuming a more and more pro saic character in the town. Time was when each day brought its special sensation. Either there was a new discovery moro astounding than the last to talk about or some novelty in jumping to be discussed. Who in these degenerate days would think of jumping a Presbyterian Church for non-compli ance with the residence conditions 1 Yet it is on record that this was actually done in Silverton by a whimsical bar man, who pegged out the ground upon which the building stood, and made formal application to be put in possession of it. He had to pay dearly for his little 3oke, for the matter-of-fact Warden decided against him, and not only inflicted a fine, but threw upon him the burden of costs, which was by no means light. The incident has given rise to endless merriment, but it belongs to a class of occurrences with which the staid Silverton of to-day has nothing to do. It was well on towards midday of Tuesday when, under the escort of the courteous and energetic Mayor of Sil verton, Mr. Butterworth, and Cap tain Dick, the Superintendent of the Barrier Banges Association's proper ties, we set off to Lake's Camp to inspect the group of mines which first gave to the Barrier its celebrity as a silver-field. The road led through a fertile plain bounded by low hills and covered with a luxuriant growth of salt bush, bluebush, and cotton-bush, varied by straggling shrubs already bursting into flower, and the graceful and umbrageous sandalwood and quondong trees. At a distance of 8 or 9 miles we came upon the property of the Bobbie Burns Company, where work has been suspended with the prospect of a revival when the tramway is finished. We found, in deed, that the completion of the tram way occupies a vitally important position in the minds of Silvertonians. Every thing is referred on to the happy time when this means of transporting material and minerals is in working order. No mine has lost caste so hopelessly as to be pronounced beyond redemption; no claim, however disappointing it may have hitherto proved, is to be finally abandoned until it is known that it cannot be worked under the new conditions brooghtinto play by the tramway. That the line will work a marvellous revolution can not be doubted, and yet it is certain that it cannot bring about half the astonishing results expected of it. Going on up the I valley we reached the New Year Olaim, where once upon a time some almost fabulously rich" ore happened to be struck just as the old year was a-dying. A couple of men are now employed here and are getting out ore of high quality, further away is the far-famed Apollyon j Mine, upon whichso much money has been spent. The workings, which were watched with intense interest by those who looked to the deep-sinking experiments at the mine to set at rest the question of whether the silver-bearing lodeB descend below the water-level, have been aban doned, but what has been done has not been done in vain, and the property may yet prove a valuable one. ^From the Apollyon we wended our way over the ranges to the site of the Day Dream and the Hen and ChickenB. With a melancholy interest we inspected the smelting works with the elaborate and costly refining ap pliances which in an evil hour the Barrier Banges Association went to the expense of erecting. Afterwards we were conducted down two of the tonnels on the Ben and Chickens block, from which in former times a quantity of good ore was raised. In both the lode is plainly show ing, and geologically the formation is all that can be desired. Captain Dick is so well satisfied with it that he strongly recommends the resumption of operations, and it iB probable that before long the busy settlement that once existed at this spot will be revived. From the Hen any Chickens we passed over to the Day Dream, which for many months yielded magnificent returns, but has latterly, like so many of its contemporaries, fallen into the shade. That it still has a great future before it hardly admits of doubt, and it will not be the fault of its energetic Manager, Captain Buchanan, if that future is not speedily realized. The dilettante visitor should be careful how he delivers himself over to the guidance of Captain Buchanan. It is probable that when he sees this unassuming and some what feeble-looking elderly gentleman he will feel safe in accepting an invitation to enter one of the passages of the mine, thinking that the voyage of discovery must needs be of Bhort duration. He could not possibly make a greater mistake. With the activity of youth and the en thusiasm of a thorough believer in the mine he will lead the way on and on into the bowels of the earth until he has traversed every inch of the mile or two of passages which have been excavated on the property, pointing out, meanwhile, every change in the conforma tion of the lode, every alteration in the character of the ore. It is a refreshing sight to see how thoroughly in earnest he is; and although the process of following him through the turnings and wind ings of the tunnels is a trifle exhausting to those not accustomed to subterraneous journeyings, they are repaid by learning the secret of how the mine has in the past produced such enormous quantities of rich ore, and how it cannot fail to be highly productive in the future. We entered at one opening, and after travelling for about a mile emerged at another, fully convinced that Captain Buchanan has the interest of the Day Dream at heart, and that his sanguine expectations regarding it have a solid basis to rest upon. Work is now being proceeded with on the property, and it will probably not be long before many more men are taken on. An hour's drive brought us back to iailverton, and a good night's rest prepared us for the next day's trip to the far-famed Broken HilL The distance of the mine from the present metropolis of the Barrier is 17 miles, and the road, or rather all the roads to it have been ploughed up in the most outrageous manner by the heavy traffic. Bard by the track followed by us was the tramway line, the works upon which are beuig pushed forward with the utmost speed. Although the permanent way has not been completed further than Silverton, and although it will be a month or two yet before the rails are kid to that point the clearing and levelling are being proceeded with nearly all the way to the Broken Hill. On our road to the mine we passed the camp of the men who have had the good fortune to secure possession of the only lime deposits to be found in the neighbourhood, and are now retailing out the limestone at something like 25s. a ton. Further on we caught sight of the Pinnacles, which form a singular feature in the landscape. They are, in fact, a range of hills with isolated steeple-like peaks running to a height of some hundreds of feet. The two principal pinnacles bear a striking resemblance to the representa tion of the Queen of Sheba's breaats in Byder Haggard's romantic story of "King Solomon's Mines." The whole region is known to be argentiferous, but to what the strange configuration of the hills is due is a problem which has not yet been solved. Presently as we journeyed on with the Pinnacles far away to the right we caught a first glimpse of the Broken Hill with its rugged outline clearly defined against the Bky. Nearing it a wonderful spectacle presented itself. On the slope of the hill appear ternces upon which have been and are to be erected the buildings and appliances required for smelting purposes. On the crest, which is crowned with a grotesquely irregular outcrop of ironstone rock bearing a small percentage of Bilver, are the erections surmounting respectively Jamie son's Shaft, situated at one extremity of the hill, McCullooh's Shaft, near its centre, and Hasp's Shaft, away to the left on the border of Block 14. Half a dozen tall chimneys attached to the Bmelting works are belching forth black smoke, which somehow is carried away into the higher air, and doeB not descend in choking volumes to the ground as, to the inconceivable discomfort of all con cerned, it used to do. Beyond the chimneys are high poles, on which are suspended the wirea used for tele phones and electric-lights, for both of theBe appliances are in full operation, and at night the latter illuminate the hill and adjacent country for milea around. How startling would be the sensation produced by all theBe paraphernalia of civilization upon a belated buBhman happening to revisit the Barrier after two or three years of absence ! He might be excused for thinking that witchcraft had been at work and for expeeting the scene to vaniBh with the morning light. But what are these objects extending over an area of at least a square mile on the plain at the foot of the hill I They are buildingB here lining well-defined streets, there roughly marking the course of a score or two of ill-defined thoroughfares. Altogether there are hundreds of tiny houses, some of two rooms, but the vast majority of only one room. This sprawl ing, bustling place, with the stamp of newness and feverish activity deeply im pressed upon it, iB the Broken Hill town ship, which has sprang up like an exhala tion during the last eighteen months, and can boast of at lesBt three thousand in habitants. Even as we look new tene ments are ruing far and near, and fresh arrivals are pegging out allotments for residences and beginning to provide a rude shelter for tnemselves and their families. Unfortunately there has been some bungling tit head quarters as to the terms upon which township blocks can be taken up, and most of these hundreds of shops and dwelling- houses stand npon land the title to which is more than doubtful. But a trifle like that does not greatly ruffle the equanimity of the settlers, who with a light heart proceed to make such provision as they can for themselves and their households. A hasty survey of the stirring spectacle thus presented to the eye of the visitor as he approaches Broken Hill affords some pre paration for the marvels to be seen In the mine itself. For ourselves, alter reaching the township, we loBt no time in waiting upon the Superintendent (Mr. S. R. Wil son), who looked incredulous when he was informed that we could only devote three or four hours to the inspection of the mine. So it was, however, and soon, linear the charge of the Underground Manager (Mr. Piper), we had put on miners' garments, had descended in the skip, and were traversing the drives in the levelB below. And what a sight here met our eyes ! At the mines which we had previously visited importance was attached to the question of whether the lode had a width of 9 inches or 18 inches, but here we were walking across the lode from footwall to hanging-wall for dis tances of 20. 40, 50, and up to 120 feet. In other properties we found groat store set by the presence of tiny pockets of the richer ores, and speculation was rife as to whether this or that combination would increase in quantity. Here everything is to be met with, not in Jittle parcels but in masses, not In sample but in bulk. As we pass along the course of the Lode, or across itB course in chambers four or five feet wide and seven or eight feet high, our guide calk attention to ironstone, and silicates, and manganese, and carbonates, and kaolin, and chlorides, which in suc cession form the walls and roofs of the passages we are walking through. All of these contain more or less of silver, and the chlorides, the richest of all, are not far short of being pure metal. The story is told that when operations first began on the mine no one knew what to make of thesechlorideB and they were thrown aside, but only to be carefully gathered up again so soon as a knowledge of their real character had been gained. Seeing that Mr. Rasp-who, by-the-way, is one of the few discoverers who have reaped the full reward of their discoveries-took the specimens be first selected from the Hill to be tin ore, it is quite in keeping that the first miners should have been in the dark as to the value of the treasures they were unearthing. Certain it is that the chlorides are not only the richest but are amongst the most beautiful of the ores to be met with in the drives. Ever and anon we came npon chambers glittering in the candle light like fairy grottoes, and on inspection we found the walls to be bespangled with the pale-green chlorides, which had become infiltrated intothe baser ores, or had spread over their surface like delicate filigree work. It was eaBy enough to detach these precious infiltrations, for where they are found the ore is generally soft and friable, and the Btroke of a pick will often dislodge half a hundredweight. Indeed, it is not the least of the many advantages of the Broken Hill Mine that the coBt of sinking and driving is comparatively small. There is little or no unprofitable "country" to be removed, for the workings throughout are upon the lode, and whatever stuff is broken down or quarried out is available for smelting. Of course the richness of the ore varies greatly, the percentage of silver ranging from ten or twenty to some thousands of ounces per ton, and care has to be taken as far as possible to equalize the quality by mixing different sortB to gether before the whole is committed to the furnace ; but neither the ironstone nor the kaolin, nor any ot the other com binations are too poor to be smelted. It is not easy to estimate how much ore there is actually in sight, but the 30,000 tons or thereabouts that have already been removed forms an altogether Insig nificant part of the whole. Drives have been made at the several levelB, of which the 150 feet and the 212 feet are the chief, and at some points in these drives the ore above and around has been stoped or quarried away; but speaking generally , there are yet many hundreds of thousands of tons to be removed before the visible supplies have been exhausted. How far down into the bowels of the earth the lode extends it is impossible to say; but a shaft has been sunk below the water level at about 300 feet, and still rich ore is met with in the form of sulphides. Thus it may be roughly stated that there is an immense reservoir of ore filling a space of about half a mile in length, 300 feet in depth, and from 10 to over 100 feet in width. I do not profess to furnish exact dimensions, but judging from what is to be seen of the present work ingBthisis approximately the Btate of affairs. It is far from my wish to give an exagge rated idea of the mine, bnt it is impos sible to examine the underground workings without being profoundly impressed with the immense value of the wealth en tombed there. The wonder is not that the shares have reached high prices in the market, but that any one should care to part with his interest in the property. It is not for me to say whether present quotations are too high or too low-that is a matter of calcu lation-but It may be accepted as beyond doubt that for the full unexpired term of the twenty-one years' lease held by the Company there will be plenty of work for the five 40-ton smelters aliutdy erected and the two 80-ton smelters that are about to be put up. It is of course con ceivable that this work msy prove unre munerative, bat that is a remote contin gency dependent entirely_ upon the ques tions of the cost of raising and treating the ore and of the price obtainable for the silver. At the present time it is esti mated that from 20 to 23 oz. of silver per ton will pay all the expense of working, and inasmuch as the average product is some thing like 60 oz. it will be seen that there is a pretty large margin of profit. The chief items of cost are the raising of the ore, the timbering of the shafts and drives -a very expensive operation, as an immense quantity of wood is used the greater portion of which has to be obtained from South Australia and the working of the smelters. XJnder this latter heading has to be reckoned the outlay upon coke, limestone, and other materials, and the expense of cartage. The quantity of coke consumed is 1 ton for every 5 tons of ore treated, and as about 1,100 tons of the latter are smelted weekly, something like 200 tons of the former have to be provided. It is .little wonder, therefore, that the roads should now be lined with teams conveying coke to the mine, or that the Government should reckon upon enormous receipts from the carriage by rail of this material alone. I would fain linger over the Broken Bill and its marvels, for it is in every respect a fascinating theme. The mine is the glory of the Barrier Ranges, and all the rest of the mines so far opened up there sink into insignificance in com parison with it. Metaphorically speaking it kills everything else in the same line. It is of little use visiting other lodes after inspecting this mountain of silver ore, for they are as rushlights compared with the sun; and it is almost as great a mistake to visit them before, for a sight of the Broken Hill goes far to obliterate the recollection of what they are like. Of course, in saying this one is simply referring to impressions made upon the minds of casual visitors. Those who are interested in other wines will find charms in them which cannot be eclipsed even by the Broken Hill, and it is quite on the cards that the completion of the tramway will be followed by such a revival of mining enterprise in the Barrier that the latter end of the industry will far surpass the beginning. My two com panions and I spent three hours under ground at the Broken Hill Mine, and had time allowed we might have devoted three days to the inspection without exhausting the catalogue of novelties. Every nook and corner is rich in objects of in terest ; every additional few yards traversed brings to light fresh beauties. Here the excavations have been through ore gleaming with chlorides of silver ; \ there are to be seen crystalline formations of the most beautiful and fantastic cha racter. Ironstone and manganese alter nate with carbonates and kaolin, and huge " horseB" of intrusive rock as ugly as they are unwelcome are flanked by seams of the exquisitely beautiful azurite. The mine is indeed a treasure-house of wonders. Even the intrusive rocks have a history of their own which is full of in terest. It is evident that they have reached their presentsituations through the falling in among the conglomerated silver ore while it was in a liquid state. Strangely enough there is a rough sort of corres pondence between the depressions on the crest of the hill and these rocks, for they are generally found em bedded in the lode below where the depressions occur. There is in truth a wide and most entertaining field for geological study in this same Broken Hill, which riseB abruptly out of the plain, and encloses as in a casket the lode which is yielding such splendid results. 