Wit and Humour. Handy things to have — Gloves. Guilt frames — Prision windows. Mill dues — Wages of factory girls. Disciples of Knox — Prize fighters. A light garment — A shift of wind. A seaside invocation— Let us epray. jLile OuBieSfr poet win uuve nis layn moments. A Suit of Male. — ' Will you marry me, dearcat ?' A man always feels put out when he is taken in. Dandy lines— Two rows of young men on dress parade at the chnrch door. WheD you come to think of it, young, man isn't the marriage ceremony miss-leading ? If a crazy man is called a maniac, why shouldn't a crazy girl be called a girliac ? Why is tbe article sold as Old Pekoe like an absolute assurance? — Because it is a certain tea (certainty). Is it true that doctors disagree, but they don't disagree half so much as.their medicine do. Wolfe's Schnapps is now Australia's » ?? 1 1. popular health beverage. Ask for U'. i,msV and accept no other. llorr's Humour. — Herr : ' I vahs ondt to der moors mit mine gun.' Mac : ' An' whit did yer shoot ?' Herr : ' Nodinga— only mine gun.' * He Saw the Difference. — Wife, to second husband : ' Ah, James, you are so different fropi roy first husband !' Husband: 'Yes, no'''datifet — he died four years ago, and I df4A' ... Jubilee sixpences are selling freely in London at 2s. 3d. In shop windows where, these coins are exposed for sale, a gilded sixpenoe and a half sovereign are exhibited on the same card, with the question, 'Which;' is which ¥' saperadded. . ! In China a previoos acquaintanceship between the male And female prevents them, f rora Jmanying. For this reason a maL seldom weds a girl of 'his own town. China men are likewise prevented -from marrying! kinsfolk or namesakes. i A mnsisal distribution of buns takes place' this month at the parish church at Stroud, in accordance with a bequest made by Bichard Aldridge, of that town, who died in year 1805, ana whose family before and since have given many an excellent officer to the service. The bequest was designed to commemoaate the Battle of Trafalgar. An enterprising individual is about to establish many hairdressing saloons in London, where kdies«re-tobe the operators, both with scissors and razors. With the former they may be trusted, as they are feminine instruments ; but with razors they may not be considered bo expert, and the operated upon will be in constant and courteous anxiety lest their fair assistants should cut themselves. ? ? Mrs. Boodle (to salesman in Underwear. Department) — 'Have you any gauze ladies'. vests?'.; Salesman (with $10 smile)— 'No, raadame^Tjut we have ladies' gauze vests. ': -,*iBEeep 'eui'; th'enl'. she r answered, snap niaUln no dVio linlt-pd fnr t.hfi donr and Binr-R hisHiscbarge the salesman has decided not to try ;to eell .drygoods and educate the human race at the same time. ... A singular advertisement has lately at tracted attention. It is a call for one hundred thouBand live fleas h- be delivered in -parcels of not less than five thousand each *t a - certain address. The advertiser is, a flea trainer. It takes three months to teach a flea to do. anything worthy, *-f- a public performance. Only one flea in n, thousand ?can be- taught anything. * A performing ? flea usually lives a yeariwift great care, and in response J»: his advertisement he -had only received in three days one package estimated ,to contain three thousand €eaa, and-theyj ft*mefrom tbe dog pound, - Ho paid ,£5 -for them,, and they, were very good fleas. \- Five notable natioiiB are' deBorihed as iollows ^^-Germany has- produced 'decks, ghost stories, and printing. France, cooka, capronSi and' couipliraents. ' -Russia, mad emperors, and hemp. -'Africa, ivory and ebony, blacks. England has produced roast beef, pudding and beer, as well as mighty statesmen and Bcholars, seamen anileoldiere. ?and the blessings of conquest:, taxations and good advice. ' Angelica gens, apitima. fiats, pritsimrifridens .;' while ^the United|iStates lays claim to a considerable maay handsome women and valiant men, and to a few Yjankee notions about the riphts of men and the government of the world. : , ? '. . ' i: . . That girls are more ' precocious . tjfian rboys ia:a recognised fact.' Agirioften isfar in advance of a boy of the 'same, age, not in absolute learhSng. .perhaps, but 'thought lady of seventeen i-egiirHs a lad of 'the. same age as a boy to lie BDuhhea on every, possible opportanity. Eaeb at 'the Very earliest 'age the. ^girl's intelligence increases at. a '''vastly greater' rate than' that;:bf'-'lirty8, ' and ; tlie growth of their body is 'in' proportion to their intelligencleV In the first six months of ftheii:life -tbe weight' of brain in girls increases 27.4L 100 representing the total growth between birth BBd -six yearn of age ; while, the average boys brain increases only. 23.51. in the same time.' 'In heightthejgirl grows 20.8, the boy only 11.4. TbeBe figures, we Ibinlr, tfill eur prise Seven' « mothers'— to most of whom it will- foe new that girls grow almoBt twice ias' -fast as boys the first six months of their lives. But it is a singular fact that in the organ of »' body which it would be supposed iB more developed r in women than in men— -namely, in the heart— the rate i-f growth in boy !babi«« ib somewhat greater than in girls, although if it increased in the same -proportion as the growth' -Jot the girl's hearta 'Would be double that of- the boyB. ' -; ?? '? '--i ''?'??? '?' '- ' : '?' '? /!--::;'. - 