JACK. (ry1oC 1s cO??xnr). Jack was a Firharbor boy. This might be toeay anyof several thinse ; but ities at least 5eer to say one-hbe was a fisherman, and the sun of a fishermen. When people of another sort than Jack's have told their earthly story through, the biography, Othe memorial, the ohituary rmain. Our post, preacher, healer, politician, and the rest pass ot to this polite sequnel which eoaiety had ordained for human existence When Jack dies, he stops We and the bfisherman squeezed into some cornter E the aaccident column : ' Washed overboard,' or ' Lost in the fog,' and that is the whole of it. He ends just there. There is no more Jack. No e(llo.w-mmbers in the Society for Somethiog'or.Nohing pass resolutions to his credit and the consolation of his family. No funerat discourse is preached over him atnd privatrely printed at the request of the parishioners Theoolumns of the religiouo weekly to which he did not satbcrtba contatn no obituary sketches signed by the iitiale of ftriend not thought to be tooafflioted to speak stood word for a dead man. From the Press of the neighbouring city no thin memorial volume sacred so his virtues and stone-blnad to his defects shall ever issue. Jack needs a biographer. Such the writer of this sketch would fain aspire to be. Jack was born at as. His father was bringing his mother home from a visit at a balf.lister's in Nova Scotia, for Jack's mother Was one of those homesick, clannish people who pine without their relations as much - sume of us pine with them; and even a half siaterwas worth more to her in her fanciful and feeble condition than a whole one is apt to be to bolder souls. 2'be had made her visit at her half-sl-ter's sat they bhad talked over receipts, and com mred feat, e I d cut out baby things, and tmrneddresses, and died ftbnnel, and gone to prayer meetiogs together' and Jack's mother was coming home, pertly because Jack'e father came for her, and partly because he happened to camesober, which was a great poInt, and partly because the schooner bad eceati, which was another-she was "coming 1aO, at all events, when a gale struck them. It was an ugly blow, The little two. masted vessel swamped, in short,atmidnight of amoonlight night, off the coast, Just the other side of seeing Cape Ann light. The crew were picked up by a threemaeter, and taken home. Aboard the threemnseter, in fright, and chill, and storm, the little boy was born. They always put it that he was born in Fairharbor. In fact, he was born unwnding Eastern Point. ' The toughest isace to be burned in, this side o' Torment,' Jack's father said. But Jack's mother said nothing at all. Jack's father kept sober till he got the mother and the child safely into the little crambling, grey cottage, in half of whose meagroe dimensions the family kept up the illusion which they called home. Then, for Ituth compels me, I must state that Jacke' father went straigtway out upon what, ill even less obscure circles than hie, it is customary to call ' a tear.' There seems to be something in the savage, incisive fitness of thie word which has overridden all merte distinctions of class or culture and moit ultimately make it al classic in the lanusae,. SI've stood it long as I ken stand, and I',. goln' on a tear-I'm a-gin on a notartLyii tear,' said Jack's father to hie oldest nory. mate, a fello w he had a feeling for, much as you would for an oar you had handled a good many years, or perhaps a sail that you were used to, and had patched and watched, and knew sthe cracks In it, and the colour of it, and when it was likely to give way, sad whereabouts it would hold. In fact, that proved to be, in deed and truth, an eternal tear for Jack's father Druank as a iherman could be-and that is saying a good deal-he reshipped that ighbt, knowing not whither nor why, nor indeen knowieg that the deed was done; and when he erame to himes.lf he wau twelve houra out, onble way tothe Banks of Newfoundland; and the oonug mother, with the baby on her arUms, looked out of the frosty window over the foot of her old bedstead, and watched fo him to come, and did not like to tell the eslghboars that she wa short of fuel She was used to waiting-women are ; Fairharbor women always are. But she bhad never waited so long before. And when, at the end of her waiting, the old dory-mate came in one night and told her that it hap. pened falling from the maes becase he was not soober enough to be up there. Jack's other said she had always expected it. But khe had not expected it, all the same. We nver expect trouble, we only fear it. And eko had put the baby on the edge of the bed. and got upon her knees upon the floor, and laid her face on the baby, and tried to ear her prayers-for she was a pious little woman, not knowing any better-but found she could not pray, she cried so. And the old dorymate told her not to try, but to cry ame herd to she could, And she told him he was 'very kind' and so she did. For she was food of her hueband although he got drunk'; because he gotdrunk, one is tempted to say Her heart had gone the way of the hearts ot drunkarde' wives; abe loved in proportion to her misery, and gave on equation with whatr se lost.l All the woman in her mothered her husband when she could no longer wifely worship him. When he died she felt au if abe had lost her eldest child. So, as I say she kneeled with her face on the baby, and enrItd a if she had been the blessedest of wives, Afterwards she thought of this with self'reproach. She said one day to the old dory.mate: 'When my trouble came, I did not pray to God. I'd ought to have; but I only cried at Him.' Jack had come into the world in a storm, and e begen it stormily. He was a big, arg baby, and he became a restl boy. His mother's gentle and unmodified Isininity was helpless before the problem of this wholly masculine little being. She saId Jack needed a man to manae him. He inetd at six ; heilived in theetsahles end on e wharves at eight; he came when he got ready, and went when he pleased ; he obeyed when he felt like it, and when he was Pleished, he kicked. Once, in an imaginative aomndt, bIt her. she seent hIn to pack mackerel, for they r, pat to it to keep soul a?d body together, and he brought bome such habite of speech as even the Fairharbor woman had never heard. Prom her little boy, her baby-not nT old seough so be out of shoct trousers, and ecarcely oat of little saoks; had be been yours, my lady; at the pretty age when one tlli fastens laee collars round their necks a nd hah them duder hlter b dark, oand hears their prayers, and challenges the breath of heaven lest it blow too rudely on some delicate forming fibre of soul or body-fronm her little boy, at eight years old, the mother first learned the abysses of vulgarity in a seaport town. It must he admitted that her education in this respect had been defective. She had always been one of the women in whose presence her neighbour did not speak too carelessly. 'But Jack's mother had the kind of eyes which do not see mire--the meek, religious deep-blou eye which even growing sons re-, ipeot while they strilte the tears from it. A his worst Jack regardeI her as a species of sacred fact, much like heaven or a hymn. Somettmes on Sunday nIghts ha stayed at home with her; he liked to hear her sing. She sang 'Rock of Aet.,' in her bees black alpaca, with her work- worn hands crossed nomn het gingham apron which she put on to save the dress. rot ao, she sald, Jock needed a in.n to masnae him. And one day when she said this. in spite of her centle unconsciousnees, or because of it, the old dory- mate to whom she said it said he thought an ton, and said if she had no objection he would like to be that man. And the Falrharbor widow, who had never thought of such a thing, said shs didn't know as she had; for nobody knew, sheba said, how near to starvig they had some. and it was somsthlrg to have a sober maie. So on this reasonable basis Jack acquired a step-ther, and his step.father sent him straigehtway to the Orand Banks. He meant it well enough, and perhaps it made no difference in the end. But Jack was alittle fellow to go fishing-only ten. His eirst voyace wma hard' it wese a Mach voyage ; he got badly Irosthitten, and the skipper wa rough. lHe was knocked about a good deal, and bad the measles by himself In his berth, and the men said they didn's know they had brought a baby to the Bankes for they were very be*y ; aned Jack lay and cried a little, and thought about his mother, and wished he hadn't kicked her, but forgot it when he ?ot well, So he swasgered about among the men, as a boy does when he it the only ose in a crew, and aped their talk, and shared their grog, and did their hareed work, and learned their songs, and came home with the early stages of moral ossification as well net in upon his little heart as a ten.year.old heart allows. S'L'ne next voyage did not mend the matter, nor the next. And though the old dory-mate wse ar honest fellow, he had been more successful as a dory.mate thani be was as a stepfather. Heand Jaok did not 'get on.' Sometimes Jack's mother wondered if behead needed a man to manage him, but she never said so. She was a good wife, and she had fuel enough now ; she only kissed Jack and said she meant It for the beet, and then she went away and sang Rock of Ages to thetnn of Mareyn, very slow and quite on the wrong key. It seemed to make her feel better, poor thing. Jack sometimes wondered why. Wahen he was twelve years old he came home fron, a winter voyage one night, and got sin pay for his ehane-hoh'e pay yet for a boy's share, but bigger than it used to bhe and did not go home frst, but went rollicking of with a crowd of Portuguese. It was a Sunday night, asod his mother was expecting him, for she knew the boat was in. Hi etep father expected him, too-and his moneyr and Jack knew that. lis mother hasd been sick, bht Jack did not know that; she had been very eic, and had asked for him a great deal. There had been a baby-horn dead while ito father was offshore after cod-and it had been very cold weather, and some thing had gone wrong. At midnight of that night someone knocked at the door of the crumbling cottage. The step.isther onened it; he looked pale and agitated. Some boys were there in a con laerd group ; they bore what seemed to be a ihfelesw body on a drag, or bobsled. It was Jack, dead drouk. It was the brst time-he was only twelve and one of the Fairharbor boys took thi pipe from his mouth to explain; He was trapped by a Portygee, and they've stole every cent of him, 'n' kicked him out, n' left him stranded like a monk-fish, so me and the other fellows we borryrd a sled and brung him home, for we thousht his mother'd rather. He ain't dead, but he's jest as drunk as it he was sixly I' The Fairharhor boy mentioned this circum stance with a kind of abnormal pride, as if such superior mstrity were a poidnt for ai comrade toemake note of. But Jack's step. fether went out softly and shut the door, and adLook here, boys--help me in with hm, will yon? Not that way. His mother's in there, she di?d an hour ago.' And so the curse of his beredity came upon him, 8he never knew, tbhak Heaven. Her knowledge Wohld have bleue a klud of terrible fore.omniscience, if she had. She would have bad no hope of him from that hour, Her experience would have left her no illusions. The drunkard'a wife would have educated the drunkard's mother too liberally' for that. She would have taken in the whole scope and detail of the future in one midnight moment's breadth, as a problem in the higher matheeatics may rest upon the width of a geometrical point. But shabe did I not know. We say-I mean it wan our fashion of earing-that she did not know. God was merciful She had asked for Jack, it seemed, over and over, but did notcomplain of him for not coming; shenever complained of Jack. She said the poot boy muo t have stayed somewhere to have a pleasant time; and she said they were to give her love to him if he came In while he was sleep And then she asked her husband to sing 'Rock of Ages' for her, because she did not feet very strong. He couldn't sing more than a balibut, poor fellow; but he did not like to disappoint her, for ie thought she looked what he called ' miser'be'; so he eat down by the bed and raised his hoarse, weather-beaten voice to the tune of Matrtyn, as beat he could, and mixed up two verses inextricably with a line from ' Billy's on the Bright Blue Sea,' which he added because he saw he must have something to ll out. and it was all he could think of-but she thanked him very gently, and said he sang quite welt ; and said rnce more that he was to give her love to Jact ; and went to sleep afterwards ; and, by.and.bye, they could not wake her to see her boy of twelve brought to her drunk. T'he curseof his heredity was upon him. We may blame, we may loathe, we may ronder, we may despair; but we must not forget. There were euouuh to blame without remembering. Jack, like atll drunkards, soon learned this In fact he did not remember it very well himoel--not having been at quainced with his father; and never senti. mentalised over himlsel norwhined for his bad lock-hat owned up to his sins, with the bluntness of an honest, bad fellow. He was rather an honest feallow, in spite of al He nevear lied when he was sober. If the curae of his ancestry had come uon him, itas compensatory temperament came too. Jack had thes merry heart of thesy drinker. Born with his father's alcoholised brain-' ells, poor bahby, endowed with the narcotinen c0uncience which this species of paretstas oequeths, he fell heir to the kind of ttrts. tenuess that goes with the legacy. ae was a happy.go.lucky fellow. Life Uet airily uoi him. He had his mother's handsome eres dashed with his father's fun (for she couldn't taks a joke, to save her); he told a good story; he did a kind deed; he wau generous with his money when he had any, and never in the leat disturbed when he hadn't. He was popular to the dangerous extent that makes one's vices seem a kind of social introduction, and not in Jack's circle alone be it said Every crew wanted him. Drunk or sober, as a shipmate e macat pat. It was usually easy for him to borrow. The fellows made up hies lines for him, therewas alwaye somebody to go bail for him when he % ot before the pticecourt. Arrested. per spe, a half- dozen times a year in his maddest years, he never was sent to the House in his life. There mere always people enough who thonght it a pity to let sucb a guod fellow go to prison. He had-I wan gtoig to ay as a matter of course be had-- urly hair. Ooe should not omit to notice that he wu splendidly tattooed. I-e wau proud, as seamen are, of hie brawny arms, dashed from wrist to shoulder wish tshe decorative Intensity of his class Jack bad stbhstio views of his own, todeed, about his personalallowanee of indigo. ?,e had objected to the cuesomsrp medley of anchors, stars, and crescents, and exhibitsd a certain reserve of taste, which wr ratbeer interesting. On his left arm he bore a very crooked lighthose rIsilg from a beavy sea; he was, in fact, quite ilooded aloes the bidn. pisal muscle with waves and billows, but nothing else Interfered with the massive proporsione of the effect, This wus con. -idered a metey desisn, and Jark mae often ealfed upon to phsh up hIs sleev, and explain how he came by1ths nespiratiom - Upon the othle arm he wore a erciflx, I.. Inchba long; this wa tosched with blond ted ink; the dead Christ han pona s, lear acn pltutu Jack etid.he tus tsle wncuiu against his drowning. It was an uncommonly large and ornate'crucifi. Jack w a steady drinker at nineteen. At twenty.ive he was what either an inexperi. enced or a deeply experienced temperance muisonary would have called incnrable. The intermediate grades would have confidently expected to save him. Of coree he reformed. He would not have been inseresting it he had not. The uumiti gsaed sot has few attractions even for seafar ing society. It is the foil and tflh, the by ply and side.light of character that 'lead us on.' Jack was always reforming. After that night when he was brought home on the bob-sled, the little boy was as steady and as miserable as he knew how to be for a long time ; he drew thae unfortunate Inference that he one involved the other. By the time his mother's grave wee green with the scanty Fairharbor church-yard grass-for even the sea- wind seems to have a grudge against the very dead for choosing dry graves in Fair harbor, and scants them in their natural covering-by that time rank weeds had over grown the sorrow of the homeless boy. He and hie stepfather ' got on' less than ever now, as was to be expected ; and when one day Jack announced with characteristic can. dour that he was going to get drunk if he went to Torment for it, the two parted com pany ; and thbe crumbling cottage knew Jack no more. By and bye, when his stepfather was drowned at Georges', Jack borrowed she mousy for some black gloves and a hbat-band ei? had the reputation of being a polite f.llow; the fishermen spelled it t-o-n.y. aruth totell, the olddory-mate had wondered somdetimes on Sunday afternoons If he Aad been the man to manage Jack; and felt that the main object of his second marriage had been defeatce. Jack, as I say, was always reforming. Every temperance society in the city had a hand at him. They were of the old- fashioned, easy type which took their responsibilities comfortably They held himout on a pair of moral tongs and tried to toast his miedemeanours out of him, before a quick fire of pledgee and badges; and wihen he tumbled out of the tongs, and asked the president and treasurer why they didn't bow to him in the street when he was drunk, or why, if he was good enough for them at the lodge.room he wan't good enough to shake hands with before folks on the poet- otfc estpes, or propounded any ol those angenious posere with which hig kind arein the habit of disturbing the benovolent spirit, they snapped the tongs to, and taroed him over to toe churches. These touched him gingerly. They invited him into the free pews-a dtamal little row in the gallery-sent him a tract or two, and asked him a few well-meant and very confusing religious questions,. towhich Jack's replies were far from satiefactory. One ardent person, a recent convert, coaxed him into a weekly prayer.mesting. It was a very good, honeet, uninteresting prayer meeting, and there ware people eitting there bhotde him with clean lives and clean faces whose motives Jack was not worthy to understand, and he knew enough to know it. But it happened to be a foreign mieioo prayer-meeting, devoted to the Burmese field ; which was, therefore, be it said, not so much an argument against foreign missions, as a deficient means of grace to the fisherman. Jack was terribly bored. He ran his hands through his curie, and felt for hie tobacco. antd whispered to the young convert to know if there weren't any waits in the play so a man could get out without hurting anyboay'e feelings. But just then the young convert struck up a hymn, and Jack stayed. lie liked the singing. His restless hand. some face tool on a change such as a winds day takes on towards deaer when the breeze dies down. When he found they were singing' Rock of Ages,' he tried to eing it too -for he was a famous tenor on deck. But when he had aung a line or two- flash I down in one of the empty pews in front, be saw a thin old lady with blue eyes, sittilg in a black alpaca dress with her hands clasped on her gingham aprosn. "That's my mother. Have I got the Jim. jamse ' asked this unaccustomed worshipper of himself. But then he remembered that he was sober. He could sing no longer after this, but bowed his head and looked into hie old felt hat, and wondered if he were going to cry, or get religion. In point of fact, he did neither of these things, because t very old church.member arose Just then, and said he saw a poor castaway in our midst to night, and he besought the prayers of the meeting for his soul. Jack stopped crying. ie looked hard at the old church-member. He ?uew him; had always known him. The fisherman waited till that prayer was through -it was rather long prayer-and then he too sprang is his feet. He tooted all around the decorous place; his face was white with the swift passion of the drinking man. ' I never spoke in a meetin' in my life,' said Jack in an unsteady voice. ' I ain't religious. I drink. But Im sober to-night, and I've go) tomething to esy to yo. I heatd what chat man gld. I know him. He's old Jim Crownoby, I've always know'd Jim Crowooby He owns a sight of property in this town. He's a rich man. He owns that block on Black street. You know he does. You can't deny it. Nor he can't neither, All I want to say is, I've got drank in one of them places of his, time and again; and if there ain't anybody but him to pray for my soul, I'd rather go to the devil.' Jack stopped short, Jammed on his hat, and left the meeting. In the shocked rustle that followed, someone had the tact to start 'Reacue the Perleking.' as the fisherman strode down the broad sile. He did not go again. The poor young convert followed him up for a week or two, and gave him an expensive Testament, bought out of an almost invisible personal income, in vain. I've no objections to you,' said Jack candidly; 'I'm much obliged to ye for yer politeness, sir. But them churches that sub. leases to a rum-seller. I don't think they onderstand a drinkin' man. Hey ? Well, ain't he their biggest rooster, now !Don't he do the heft of the prayin', and the tallest of their crowin', consequent? Thought so. Better leave me go, sir. I ain't a pious man; I'm a fisherman.' ' Fehe.,' said Jack, ' is no fools.' He gave voice to this remark one day in Bouton, when he was twen y.five years old. He was trying to entertain a Bouton girl; she was not familiar with Fairharbor or with the scenery of his calling; he wanted to interest her; he liked the girl. He had liked a good many girls, it goes without saying; buot this one had laid upon the tienerman-she knew not how, he knew not why, and what man or woman of uno could have told him?-the power that comes not or she reason, or of time, or of trying, or of wisdom, or of rightness, but of the mystery to which, when we are not speaking of Jack, we give the name of love. It seema a sacrilege, admit, to write it here, and of these two. But then, again, it would be easy to be wrong. Thestudy of the relativity ol human feeling is a delicate science; it calls for a fine moral equipment. If this were the hitghwater mark of nature for Jack - and who shall sayI - the tide shall hava its sacred due, even down among those weeds and in that mud. He liked that girl, among them all, and her he thought of gently. He had known her a long time, as much uas three months. When the vesel came into Boeton to sell halibut., he had a few dreys there, drifting about as fishermen do, homaeleaand reckless ;dasduhing out the wagee just paid off, in weare that sometimes bhe remembered and sometimes he forgot, and uaually left him without a dollar towarde his next fine when bhe should be welcomed by the policecourt of his native cit oni returnuing home. Jach tebouht, I say, gravely of this girl. He never once took her name in vain among the lelows, and she habd not neen a very good girl either. But Jack reflected that he was not very good himself, if you came to that. Has downirtph, honest nature stood him in stead in thsle moral distinction; there was always a broad etreak of generosity in him at ht worst ;it goe with the temperament, we eay, and perhaps we ary it too often to give him hell the nredi of it. She was a pretty girl,, and ebe wua vry young. 8he bad told Jack her story, as they strolled about the bright Boston streets on comfortabla winter evenings; when he took her to the varie y show, or to theoreterabop, and they talked together. Jack pitied her. Perhaps she deearved it; it was a sad littlo story-and shabe wasu o very roung. fha had a gentle way, with Jack; for tome reaeso, Ood knonse why se h ad truted him fnrom the fires, and he bad never once been known to disturb her trust. That was the pleaeant 3art of it. On this evening that we speak of. Jack was sober. le wae often sober when he had an ereni g te cpond with theb Boatone gi : nt alwaps--no, rotth must be told, She looked as pretty as wae In her that night; she had black sees and a kind of elleow hair that Jack had never seen cLinkied leo on tha fore head above blick eyes before i he thought her as fine to look at u as actress he evr er w s; for the staes was Jaok's standard of the meg n.fieosn,'as i Is to so many of his ort. The giel'e name wu Teea. Probably ehb had -aen called Christine once, in bee countir hom ; eke even told Jack that bhehadbeen I weas't myrmsff seid Jerk; 'I rosared I, tmeu uaneena't du It. My mother gut me to church, for she was a plot woman, and I pommelled theprson in the face with both tists, and she ad ahecame away, for she was ashamed of me. She always said that chris menin' wasn't never legal. Is disappointed her, too. I was as awful baby.' ' I should think likely,' said Teen with candour. * Do you set much by your mother ' ' She's dead,' said Jackin a subdued voice. Teen looked at him ; she had neverheard hil speak like that. S'moet wished mine wu,' said the girl; Smb'd 'a' b'en better off-aloug of me.' 'That' aso,' said Jack. The two took a tuor in in ence, up and down the brlghtly.llghted streetl; their thoughts looked out stnangely from their mared young faces ; they felt as if they were in foreign country. Jack had meant to ask her to tae a drink, but he gave it up; he couldn't somehow. Was yon always a fisherman r asked Teen, feeling with a woman's tact, that somebody must change thecurrent of the subject. SI was a fisherman three generations back,' Jack answered hr; 'horbned a fsehrmn, you bet I I couldn't 'a' b'u nothin' else if I'd drowned for it. It's a smart businese. You hea to keep your wits about you. Fishe is no fools.' A Ain' they ' asked the girl listlessly. She was conscious of failing in conversational brilliancy; hout the truth was she couldn't get over what they had been saying; it was always unfortunate when she remembered her mother. Jack belan to talk to her about his business again, hut Teen did not reply ; and when he looked down at her to see what ailed her, there were rueal tea rolling over her vretty cheekse 'Why, 'een I' said Jack. Leave an of me, Jack,' said Teen, ' and let meet off ; I ain'S good company to.night. I've got the dumps. I can't entertain ye, Jack. And Jack-don't let's talk about mothers nest tlpoe, will we? It spoils the evenin'. Leave go of me, and I'll go home by my own self. I'd rateher.' ' I won't leave go of you I' cried Jack, with a sudden blozing purpose lighting up all the corners of his soul. It was a white light, not unholy; it seemed to shine through and through him with a soft 'glow like a candle on a.. altar. 'I'll never leave go of you1 lTen, if you'll sty so. I'd rather marry you. 'Marry tme?' said Teen. ' Yes, marry you. I'd a sight rather. 'There, now It's out with it. What do you say to that Tess 1' Teen wiped away the tears that fell for her moth.r.wath one slow rinsertip. A ring on her linger glistened in the tight as she did this. S?he saw the sparkle, tore off the ring atd dashed ist away; it fell into the mud. and was trodden out of sight instantly. Jack sprang gallantly to pick it up. aDot'lt you touch it l' ried the girl. She put her hared hand back upon his arm; the ring had left a little mark upon her finger ; she glanced at this, and up into Jack's hand. sonse face ; he looked very kind i 'Jack dear,' maid Teen, softly, 'I ain't fit to marry ye.' ' You're ftter'n I be,' answered Jack, man fully. Teen sighed; she did not speak at once; other tears came now, but these were tears for herself and Jack. Jack felt this, after his fashion; they gave him singular confusion of mind. 'I wouldn't cry about it, Teen. You needn't have me if you don't want to.' B ut I do want to, Jack.' 'Honest I' Honest it is, Jack.' 'Will ye make a good wife, Teen ?' asked Jack, after some unprecedented thought. 'I'll try, Jack.' : Iou'll never go back on me, nohow ' I' ain't that sortl' cried the girl, drawing herseli up a little. A new dignity sat upon her with a certain grace which was beautiful SWill you swear it. Teen?' 'If you'd rather, Jack.' ' What'll you swear by, nowt' asked Jack. 'You must swear by all you hold holy,' ' Whatdo I bold holy?' mused Teen. 'Will you awear,' continued Jack, seriously; 'wil" you swear to me.by the Rock of Ages' Who's thatY' asked the girl. 'It's a hymn tune. I want you to swear me by the Rock of Ages that you'll be thas you say you will to me. Will you do it, Teen ' 'Oh, ye,' eaid Teen, ' I'll do it. Where shall we come acroet oneu' 'I guess I can find it,' Jack relied. 'I can find 'moat anything I set out to. So they started out at random, in their reckless fashion, in the great city, to find the Rock of Ages for the asking. Jack led his companion hither and yon, peering, into churches, and vestries, and mleeioue and wherever he saw signs of sacred things. Singing thsey heard abun. dantly in the gay town; songs merry, mad, and sad; but not the song for a girl to swear by, that she would be true wife to a man who trusted her. Wandering thus, on the strange errand whose pathom was so far above their own dream or knowledge they chanced at last upon the place, and the little group of people known in thit pat ot Boston as Mother ary's meetie girl d she had been there once, but that Mother Mary was too good for her; she was one of the reat kind. Everybody knew Mother Mary, and her husband ; he was a par son. They were poor folks themselves Teen said, and understood poor folks, and did for them all the year round, not clearing out like rich onus when it came hot weather, but stood by 'erm, Teen said. They kept the little room open, and if you wanted a prarer you went is and got it, just u you'd call for a drink or a supper; it was always on hand for you, and a kind word sure to come with it, and you alwary knew were to en for'em ;and Mother Mary treated you like folks. She liked her, Teen said. If she'd been a different girl, she'd havegone there of a cold itWght all winter. But 'een oaid she felt ashamed. I guess she'll have what I'm after,' said Jack. ' She sounds like she would. Let's go and see.' So they went into the quiet place, among the praying people, and stood ataring, for they felt embarraesed. Mother Mary looked very white and peaceful; she wu a tall, fair woman ; she wore a black drels with white about the Iosom; it was a plain, old dress, much mended. Mother Mary did not look rich, as Teen bad said, The room was filled with poor creatures gathered about hbr, like her children, while she talked with them and taught them ae she could. She crossed the room immediately to where the young man stopod, wirh the girl beside him. SWe've come, said J.ck, 'to find the Rock of Ages.' He drew Teen's hand through his arm, and held It fora minute ; then, moved by some floe instinct mysterious to himself, he lifted and laid it in Mother Mary's own. SEplaino it to her, ma'am,' he said;' tell her won't you. I'm going to marry her if shell have me. I want her to swear by uomethein' oly the'll hb a true wife to me. She hadn't anythinsg parrlcul arlholy herself, and the holiest thig I know of is the RIock of AgesH I've aheard my mother sing I.l Sie dead. We've been huotin' Boston over to' nieht after the Rock of Agesar,' Mother Mary was used to the petho. of her sober wolrk, hut the tonre sprang now to her Irae and gentle eyes. She did not speak to Jack--could not poeslbly. just then but. delayingl only for the momento till she could command herself, ae flung her rich, maternal voice ouat upon thbe words of theA old hymn, Her husband joined her, and all the people preslent selled the chorus, Stoot el AemS. cl?st for mul let mm bloe ymslf lus e; s at it e thes dou eaurs; Clanse mes tre its m lont a hd p wret. They usan It all through--the three verses that everybody knows-and J ck and Teen stood listening. Jack tried to sing him-elf: butTeso hid bsr face, sud cried upon his '''hou must sarve' sang the praying people; 'Thou must save, and thou alone I' Tha strain died solemnly thb room was ,et; the minister yonder began no pray, .nd all the people bowed their heads. But Mother Mars atoed quite still with the girL's hard trembline in her own, 'Swear it, Teen?' Jack hent down his curly head and whispered; he would nut shame him promised wife before these people. 'Swear by fi.?, you'll be true wife to me!' 'I uwear it Jack.' sobbed Teen, If fha'e the Rnok ot Aces, I swear by it, though I was todie fog iS, I'1 bean houstr wife to uo.' Comm beck wh.enou've got pour li?en,' said Mother Mary amilinl through her tearm and my husband will marry you if yoa weut him to.' ' W'll come to morrow,' Jack answred ' Jack,' aid Teen in er prelty way--for she had avery pretty way-' If I'm an honest wi?e to tou, witt yom be Ind so mins' 8he did not ask him to swear it by the Rock of Ages.L She took him woed for ii. poor thlng. Woman Mosher M;ry's hasband" mari;d them nset day at the MSsIon mesting,; and Mother Mary at dowo at thl melodsou in the cortsr ut tnlead easat h mnce, and plase and auiet Toplady's great byon for them. ua Jack had asked her. It w hi wedding march. He as vewry sober and genle-almoat like a better man. Teen thought him the hand. somest man she had ever seen. *Oh. I may, Teen,' he nodded to her as thes walked away, 'oon thing I forgot to tell you -Im reformed.' 'Are you, Jack 'I: I ever drink adrop agstain, so help mse But he stopped. 'So help you, Rock of Ates t asked the new-made wife. But Jack winced; he was honest enough to hesitate at this. * I don't know's I'd dares-thato,' he added, ruefully. ' But I'm reformed. I have lost all hanker for liquor. I shall never drink again. You'll see.' Teen did ea, as was to be expected. She saw a great deal, poor 'thing. Jack did not drink-for a long time; It wee nearly five montbs, for they kept close count. He took her to Fairharbor, and rented the old half of the crumbling cottage where hie mother used to sit and watch for him on long, late even. ings. The young wife did the watching now. They planted some cinnamon roseb-hushes by the doorsteps of the cottage, and fostered them affectionately. Jack wee a. happy and sober ee poesible to begin with. He picked the cinnamon roses and brought them in for his wife to wear. He was proud to have a home of his own-he had not expected to ; in fact he had never had one since that night when his mother said they wereto give her love to him, if he came home while she was asleep. He had beaten about so, sleeping for the most part in his berth, and sailing again directly ; he had never had ny place, he said, to hang his winter elothes in ; closets and bureaus seemed treasure.houses to him, and the kitchen fire a luxury greater than a lees good-looking man woold have deserved. When became home, drenched and chilly, from a winter vatage. and Teen took the coveres off, and she fiery heat of the coal, leaped out to greet him, and she stood in the rich colonr. with her yellow hair, young and fair and sweet as any man's wife could look, and said she had missed him, and called him her dear huaband, Jack even went so far as to feel that Teen was the lnxnry. He treated her accordingly ; that was at frat. He came straight home to her; he kept her in flonr and fuel ; she had the little things and the gentle words that women need Teen was very food of him. This was the firet of it I was going to say this was the worst of ir. All there was of Teen seemed to have tone into her love for Jack. A part of Jack had gone into his love for Teen. Teen was very happy, to begin with. The respectable neighbours came to see her, and said, 'We're happy to make your acquaintance.' Nobody knew that it had net always been so; that Teen's scquaintance would have been asonrce of social happineso. And she wrote to her mother that she was married ; and her mother came to make her a little visit ; and Teen cried her soul out for Joy. She was very modestand home keeping and loving; no wife in the land was truer than this girl he had chosen was to the fisherman who chose her. Jack knew that. He believed in her. She made him happy, and therefore she kept him right. All this was at first. It did not last. Why should we expect that, when we see how little there is in the relation of man and woman which lasts I If happy birth and gentle rearing, and the forces of whatr, we call edocation, and the silken webs of spun re flnemente are so strained in the tie which requires two who cannot get away from each other to make each other happy, how should we ask, of the law of chances, the miracle far Teen and Jack ? There was no miracle. No transuhetantia tion of the common bread to holy flesh was wrought upon that poor altar. Their lot went the way of otherlors, with the factieof their history dead against them. Trouble came, and poverty and children, and care, and distaste. Jack took to his old ways, and his wife to the tears that they bring. The children died ; they were poor sickly babieb who wailed a little while in her arms. and slipped out because there wasn't enough for them to stay. And the grey house waa damp Some said it was diphtheria, but their mother said it was the will of God. She added, might His will be done I On the wholeshe was not sorry. Their father struck her when he was in liquor. She thought if the babies lived, they might get hurt. A month before the last one was born she showed to Jack's biographer a bruise across her shonlder, long and livid. She buttoned her dress over it with buaty repentance. 'Maybe I'd oughtn't to have told,' she said. ' But he said he'd be kind to me.' Jack was very sorry about this when he was shber. He kissed his wife and bought a pair of pink kid shoes for the baby, which it never grew large enough to wear. I am not writing a temperance story, only the biography of a fisherman, and a few words will say better than many how it was. Alcoholised brain-cell. being one of the few bequests left to society which the heirs do not dispute, Jack went back to hie habits with the ferocity that follows abstinence. Hard luck came, Teen was never much of a housekeeper; she had left her mother too early ; had never been taught. Things were soggy, and not always clean; and she was co busy in being struck and scolded and in bearing and bturying babies, that it grew comfortless beside the kitchen fire. The last of the illusion which had taken the name of home within the walls of the crumbling half-cottage withered out of it, just as the cinnamon roses did the summer Jack watered them with whiskey by a little emotional mistake. A worse thing had happened, too. Some shipmate had ' told' in the course of time ; and Teen's pre matrimonial story got set adrift upon the current-one of the cruelest currents of its kind-of Fairharbor gossip The respectable neighboure made her feet it, as only respectable neighboure do such thinge Jack, raging, overheard her name upon the wharves. Teen had been ' that she said she would' to him. He knew it. No matron in the town had kept her life or heart more true. In all her sickness and trouble and slackness, and in going cold or hungry, and in her vivid beauty that none or all of these thinas could quencb, Teen had carried a sweet dignity of her own as the racer in the old Promethean festival carried the totch while he ran against the wind. Jack knew-oh, yes, he knew. But he grew eulen, auspicious. When he was drunk he was atwayla ealous; it began to take that form. When he was sober he still admired his wife ; sometimes he went no far as to rememober that he loved her. Whnn this happened, Teen dried her eyes, and brushed her yellow hair, and washed up the kitchen floor, and made the coffee, and said to the grocer when she paid for the sugar My husband has reformed.' Oue night Jack came home unexpectedly ; a strange mood sat upon him, which his wife did not find herself able to classify by any of the instant and exquisite pe~cep:lon whi h grow, like new faculties, in wives. He had been drinking heavily when he left her and she had not looked for him for days ; if he soiled as hae was, it would abe matter of weeke. oTeen wnt straight to him ; ite thuhic bhe might be hurt ; she held out her arms as shae ould to one of her cbildren; bult hs met her with a gesture of indifference, sand e hre hod back. 'She's here,' said Jack.. ' Mother Mary in this -- town. I sesher.' 'I rwish she'd talk tro you,' sid Teon ayinog precirely the wrong thing br the fatal instinct which oofhten posmeseedrunkarde' wives. 'You do, do you' quoth Jack, Well. I dou'. I haven' giivnr her the chance. He crubhed on his hat, and stole out tf the house tt hils mood was on him yet; the dif fereiloe being that his wife was out of it. He aulked and skulked about the aste . s alone for a while h be did not go bhack to the boys just thn, bhut wandered with the appatett atmlessness in which the most teeaclone aims me hidden. Mothers Mary and her husband were holding sailors' meetinegs in tic roughest quarter of ho soWn. There was tte.d estoagh of Mother Mary in Fairbarbor. Acrowd had gathered to hear the novelty. Faiharbor seatasn were none too used to being objects of consideration ; it was a matter of mak that a parson and a lady estould hire a room from a rich fish.farm, pay tor it out of their own scuaty pockets, and invite one in from deck or wharf, in one'eoiiclothse or jumper, to hear what a meesmate of Jack', called 'a high-toned prayer.' He meant, petabpe, to convey the idea that the petition treated the audietnce politely. Jack followed the Crowd in the dark, ehrinkisig in it wake, for he we aow eoher enough not to fesl like him sellf Ha waited till the last of teb failowabh knew had ane lato tshe olaceand thsn crptnpou titptos, and put his fao against the window of lbs ealugod warehouse whsre tha little congregation wu gatbered, and looked in. Tha room was full and height. It wore that saen look of peace and shelter which hs remembered. Mother Mary e ood e she had, stood before, tall and saie, in her black drme with the whlte uovet lg on herboaeom Her husband had beet. mpvakins to thefishermen, and she, u Jack gut him gnarled band to hia excited eyes, and hi. sjes to the window-glass, turned hsr face tuti about, to stat Ute aingng. be iwesie to Jack to look at him. Her look was sad He felt ashamed, and cowered down below the window.silL But he wanted to hear hat sing-bhe had never heard anybody sing like Mother Mary--and so he staid there for ? little while, curled against the fish-house. 1I began to rain and he weas pretty wet; but Jack was in his jumper, and a ragged old jumper at that; he knew he was not mc handsome as he used to be ; he felt that he out a poor figure even for a drunken fisher man; all the self.respect that life had lefl him shrank from letting Mother Mary see him. Jack would not go in. A confused notion came to him, as he crouched against the warehouse, in the showers, that it was just as well it hbculd rain on him ; it msght waah him. He pushed up his sleeves, and let the rain fall on his arms. He found an old Cape Ann turkey box there was Irine about, turned it edgewise so that one ragged knee might rest upon it, and thus bring his eye to a level wirh the windowsill, while yet ha could not be seen from within. So he crouched listening. The glimmer from the prayer-room came across the fisherman' hared right arm, and struck the trucifix. Ja,:k had the unconscious attitude of one sinking, who had thrown up his arms to hb saved. The Christ on the crucifix looked starved and sickly. Jack did not notice the crucifix. At this moment, Mother Mary's yearning voice rang out above the hoarse chorus of the fishermen, whose weather.ragged and re verent faces lifted themselves mistily before her, as if they had been the countenance of one helpless man : Rock of AgeS, lett for me I' 'Oh, my God I' cried Jack. It was the next day that some ens told Mother Mary, at the poor boarding.hous where she staid, that a woman wanted a few words with her. The visitor was Teen. Shb was worn and wan and sobbing with excite. ment Her baby was soon to be born. She did not look as if she had enough to eat. She had eome. she said, just to see Mother Mary, just to tell her ,for Jack never would tell himself, but she was sure her husband had reformed ; he would never drink aain: he meant to be a sober man; and Mother Mary ought to know she did it, for she did, God bless her I I've walked all this way to bless you for myelf,'said Teen. ' I ain't very fit for walkin ' nor I can'tafford aterry-ticket, for he didnts leave me nothin' on this trip, but I've come to bless you. My hnhsand come to your mestin,' Mother Mary, by himself, Jack did. IHe never goes tonomeetin'e-nobody cnuldn' drove him; but hbecome to yours, because he sayas you trsat a man like folks, and he wouldn't go inside, for hs'd b'en drlnki,'and he felt ashamed. So he set outside upon a box behind the winder and he peeked in. And he said it rained on him while he set peekin', for he wanted to get a look at you. And he come home and told me, for we'd had some words beforehand, and I was glad tosee him. I was settirn' there and cryin' when he come. " I wouldn't, Teen," says he, " for I've seen Mother Mary, and I'm reformed," says he. So he told me how he set upon the box and peked. He says you looked straight at him. e saye you stood up very tall and kind of white. He says you read something out of a hook, and then you sans to him. He says the song yon sang wan Rock of Ages, and it made him feel so had I had to cry tosee him. He come in and he got down on the lounge against our window, and he put his hand acrost his eyes and groaned like he was hurted it an accident. And he syas. " Teen, I wished I was a better man." And I says, " Jack, I wisned you was." And he says, "I lost the hanker when I heard her sing the Rtck of Ages, and if I lost the hanker, I could swear off." So I didn't answer hint, for if I. says "do swear off." he'd just swear on-they won't, you know. for wives. But I madehim a cop of coffee, for I didn't know what else to de, and I brought it to him on the lounge and hs thanked me. "Teen," he says. " Ii never drink a drop again, so help me, Mother Mary I' And then he kissed me, for they don't, you know, after you've been married. And he's gone out haddockin', but we parted very kind. And so I come to tell you, for it mayn't be many days that I could walk it, and I've been that to him as I said I should, and I thought you'd better know.' ' You've had no breakfast,' answered Mother Mary, 'and you've walked too far. Here, stop at the Holly Tree as you go home; get a bowl of soup and take the ferry hack. There, there I don't cry quite so hard. I'll try to stay a little looner. I won't leave town till Jack comes in. It takes the Rock of Ages to cure the hanker, Teen. But I've seen older men than he is stop as if thee had been stopped by a lasso thrown from heaven. If there'i any save in him,' added Mother Mary below her breath, 'he shall have his chance, this time.' He went aboard sober, and sober he stayed. He kept a good deal by himself, and thought af many thinge. His face paled out and refned, as their faces do, from abstinence ; the ghost of his good looks hovered about him; he mended up his clothes; be did a kind turn to a messmate now and then; he told some excellent clean stories, and raised the spirits of the crew; he lent a dollar to a fellow with the rheumatism who had an indebtedness to liquidate for medicine. When he had done this, he remembered that he had left his wife without money, and said aloud: ' That's a -- mean trick to play on a woman. He had bad luck, however, that trip; his share was small; he made 7doL and 27c. in three weeks This was conceded by the crew ef the fishing schooner Iber name was the Destiny) to be because Jack had, ' sworn off' Is is a superstition among them. One unfamiliar with the lives of these men will hammer cold iron if he thinks to persuade them that rum and luck do not go together; or that to ' reform' does not imply a reduc tion of personal income. You might as well try to put the fishermen's fsat into a Honiton lace jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion upon this point. Therefore Jack took his poor trip care. lelsly; it was to be expected ; he would ex. plain it to Mother Mary when he got in. He drank nothing at all ; and they weighed for home. (roes coianctul is 00uR sa?.) 