A Ghost or What ? Sous days ago (says the Mudgee Independent) a farmer named Large, residing in the vicinity of Cooyal, reported to the police that for several nights himself and family had been terrified in consequence of stones, some of which weighed l£lb, continually dropping inside the house, ap parently coming through the roof. Strange to say, these extraordinaiy occurrences are never apparent unless the man's wife is in the room. The affair has created quite a sensation, and all who have visited the place, seeing for themselves, the police included, persist in applying the evi dently appropriate term " ghoBtly missiles" to the huge " gibbers" which have dropped in the house when doors and windows have been secured. Th-. effect on the poor woman, who feels that she is the victim of an awful vengeance, is most alarming. At times, whilst the missiles are fal ling around, deathly chills affect her whole sys tem, and almost prostrate her. On one evening, fearful to remain indoors, the poor woman sought quietude outside the house, but strange to stay several large stones dropped close to her, whilst one, although falling on some part of her body, left no mark ; in fact, was hardly felt. A cold deathly chill then crept over her, and she had to be taken to the fire, but without restoring warmth. It is an easy matter to convince super stitious people of these facts, but when sceptics go and see, and sit with the woman and her hus band in tbe same room, and have stones drop ping round about them, they are very glad to be rid of such unpleasant associations. This was the caBe when Mr. Parker and others went out at the solicitation of Large. Another instance : A large-sized stone, which fell in the ordinary way, struck a little child on the side of the face, and strange to say, left no mark, nor did the child appear to take any notice of the blow, if it can be termed such. At the time Mr. Parker was sit ting in the bouse, a number of friends who had accompanied him were stationed outside to see that no person can be secreted inside. We un derstand that Large has determined to remove his family from the place. 