SY'NOD OF TlHE DIOCUESE OF GOULDURN. Tux first session of the sixth Synod of this Diocese was commenced on Tuesday. -Divine service with the Holy Communion was previously celebrated in St. Saviour's Cathedral, when a large number of the clergy and lay representatives were present. The Synod assembled at 8 p.m. in the hall of the mechanics' institute; the Lord Bishop of Goulburn presiding. Prayers were read by the President. The following elergymen Snswered to their names: Von. Archdenacon Pownall BD, Wngga Wngga; Ven. Archdeacon Drnitt, Cooma; Rov. Canon Scanre, Goulburn West; Rev. Canon Gwynno, Burrows; Rev. Canon Acooeks, Albury; lie. Canon D'Arcy. Irvine, Gonlburn North; Rou. P. G. Smith M.A., Canberra; Rev. A. T. Puddioombo B.D., Gollburn; Rev. G. Spencer, Bogs; Rev. J. 11. Williamns, Gun. ingi; Bov. W. M. Mertyn, Taralga; Rnev J. Scott, Germanton; 'Rev. t. Leigh, Kaeruka;L Rev. '1'T. Watson, Murrumburreh; 1ev. J. A. Newth M.A., Tarage; Rev. J. Studds, Junes; Roy. A. C. Msily, Marunian; Rev. T. Synionds, Qucanbuyan; and Bur. BI. T. Earl, Paiibula. Rev. J. AuohinlechlRose, Ceotamundra; Rev. E. F. Hutchings M.A. Blnds:' nud Rev. E. J. Speoner, Morays, took their seats after the roll was called, The following lay represooentatives answered to their names:-Meesr. T. IT. Mato and I, Shepherd, Albury ; It. Bli, Binda ; Graham Gore, Bombala; 1. W. Clapham, It. Maddrill, and " S. W. Alexander, Braidwood ; B. B. Jones, Coutamundra; W. Davis and H. J. Rixon, Crookwell; A. Lanedowuo, Goulburn; E. Hunt and Joseph Blagg, Goulburn West; W. Mather, J. E. P. Walker, and A. S. Chisholm, Goool born North; George Gregory, Gundagii; J. Crop. per, Gunning; T, F. Mayer, Junco ; . J. and A. G. Coomba, Marslau; V. B. Hall and F. W. O'Brien, Tarngo; and John Boardman, Taranga. Messrs. F. W. Harmer, Bodaila; O. A, Wiilans, Bombala; 0. E. Malckenzie, IH. O'Brien, and Dr. Sly, Burrowa; A. G. Finley, Canberra; B. O. Jop. lin, Cooma; O. H. B. Primrose, Cootamuodra ; E. ;B. Barber, Goulbrn ; S. H. Bolcbher, Gundagal ; T. W. Thorno and W. D. Armstrong, Gunning; JJ. Roberts, Juono; J. S. Hayes, Tomnora; A. F. Gib son, Wagga; and' Dr. Campbell, Yase, attended after the roll was called. The Rov. Canon Soares and Mr. J. I. P. Walker wore elected secretaries. The standing orders of the first session of the fourth synod wore adopted as the standing orders of the present sittings. Mr. T. H. Mato was elected chairman. of com mittees. The following were appointed an eloection coin. mltteo :-Archdroaon Drmitt, Rova. G. Spencer and J. Studde, and Messrs. Maddrell, Meyer, and J. E.'P, Walker. Archdeacon Pownall read the report of the stand. lung committee, as follows: The stanedhlg e r inoleo of. thle fifth Synori of the Diocee of Uoalborn deslro tao rolmrt that ne tlle leet meetlng of Synod the prnotelcl balshino s whilch has oeAcplld their altetioent has labn o a financial slator, vie,, thie snsol mesat of the pariaelts, neln tile paymenlit Of exponRneoII IIolieti with the dlooeau 5yollOt of 1884, the ProovfehtIti SyOil of 18 r, and the lOenerl Slyo1 of 1880. To inat Ier thexssee nthe parishes wery' divided Into Ieva oeotioas, iln awhich Coi wore aenseiad c, ?the prleliplo of a doCoeentalg eaieo frolm t?ii O )1. The folloe'Tle parl liies have snid, Clie?slie total reeloei Illhtgl 7o? lir/:-Tarno, Tnulmoer, COnibrra, Marucina, eollnn, tier. anastou, Adolouge, Coonln, lirrntllmbturr . Cithleodl, Ti?iiitti C thureh (ov.'hurn). . Puor dy T oralma, moinbal, St. NielhUol (oatiolbufin Asn thieO are' 8idit outtl.tlu lahjllles hto be metl it i hoelil Chant tho parishea lint ilave net yet sa l will at all early date cauoel thoir -lldehtodlleos, witde uolow the P~nYour omltteot dli to reporti that the folineletroes ofui ordinances aittt notlione hive boon lveiu for this ynoi 1Iu tCue order hie whlo they letandi i ciatyeair eoilittcee wolu reqoeetel' by a lrevions Syieod "h to adjtst the lilaoslse of tIlie SByeodl Il seoh osler so shall euteurs tlte eettlulonlt of all tIie' m oaeett lm wrAt matters Ilo te ly part of the aseion"I (let o. seesie, (od Syiod 1871 io, 70) Checo h)ave bin plaed el thoe 'buinesess.paefr in aeoordaneeC therewithl. [Ucro folllow partlll 'lar.] :.Canon Acoeksemoved that the report ibe reoaived. SThe Preeiduet objected tofthe rltonetlin thlreini oftiho following notice of meotion by the Bov. A. T, Puddiooebo h s cuuntctlning ai iftlptltatiuu oil himself o(the President) band. baed on falsehood:-' That in thos opnlonfi of. this' Synod thie printing of the Minutes of the last Synod before they fild been confirmed, and the' inoorporation therein of eurtain .,;matter without any previoln authtority (in face iot .resolution No.71 of the Syinod--' That thie Miniutb iboe written up by the Seoretaryas .soon as possible and confirmed by hila Standing Conmittooi)'wae a most Irreglar apnd improper proeediag, calenhtetod' to bring the Synod into ountomplt." lie said tilat .. imputticons pn him had booeen circulated bIroadtt, anud lie roust inesit upon tho niutloe of motion being 'oxpnetged. The Rev. A. T. Puddiomnio. diealehnedl any imputation angainst the President andl, iffer' e:., pleauatliuu by Archdeacon lovwuall, withdrew thie .,notice of motion, inotiating that hle wonld ittrodueo the subjoot.mratter in another form. - S Th report of tohestanding conmtnmittos was thoa received. The ovo A. T.: PuddicolDess mooved tile adopt on of the report; hut urged thit theil stinditig e oisn mctteo had no power to fix thla order in whvlolh tlhe not . ioes gi.oun ebould be takeo. s: S.:Sec ronded by the Rev. P.G. (1imith and earrldde Then Bishop then doliverod lhie openisng ddrusi, , whiuh ran as;follows: -. i_ -MY, llueIttevio Bnt?iltictn Am B?T0ps?"le's (it' Tile .I welloeu you. today ,anoi fllow.ll lpcrs in tlie woark of the Lord, anu, pray that, asudlr 't rh : gnidaueo of the Holy OGhsit, wts may be enahled to it deliberate supon the matters that shill comeU bIefore hus,. wil an earnoet desiresto p romutu tl.ie Jtrets of the Kitugdom of God in our millet, and.tl bine'fit lila 'Church in this Diouoa,-I Hiaving - myself never hised any other object than' o nsln,'tl,, that of. Ishbourilg :with ' single eye to tle glory of uthe Lord JoStls' Christ, for nearly a quarter oln,a century ilu bishop. of -Goilbemn, I trust I' usiy be cruditu.al w;l ,.,eimplioity of alitn ud motive,' tuphild bly thle sise.. .."hobrs eif this Synord,,l mny honeost ondoavoor-o tdo Sthtblat ith is right and- lhonoorablesin .the sight of God andi man, oaud'protectd against the Imputation Sofmotives and condunct which: er aebhorrent to my nature. . : . '.. b: : The Synods of thisi Dloeoase have iow existed for morsi thn. twenty year, the fatit seedloil havineg been libid in February. und': Marhro 1807. Of tilhe . I tweinty.le clergy whio thiu attended, el iO t etlill inS '' manin wigtll u but only five of the lay Ocproeontativde re. appar to.day. Four of the originhleolergy aud nineteen of the representativeh have been called to' The work nooomplished in the Dloesee within thio I period will bear favourablo comparison' with that of -any o~lihr Diocese. ,I need only meutloir that we now peoese teooty.tcvo schluhouieone, 'thirty;'fivo parsonageo, forty clorigynen, and a hundred aud nino churches ao o Thoegh tise work of the Synod has been lees visible, it has been no hess progressive, cad vainable ,in carions wisys. Ineformatlon of a usefUl kind Ihas t':? from time to tiile beni elicited oi points1 o pilrtircl nimportance. nasdi oii poitsll of law nid tif Iananlg. ;t; Ordifances have beno paooed (1) "for the esletlt,'. 'La:tntion of tile clergy;" (2) "for Oonstitnting a :?tribnenl for flia administrtion of ecolesiastical ;,disopline in tile Diooeoo ;" (;1) "for ca(laIsiilsing ,and roeguitiing the conetitutiou of tle Cathedral Chi;uOhrch of Si. lavioner, Collbllre." r ' ' '':II/t mayy bo wvell ierhsaps to recapitulate to.day souse •° dr ,bo informnustiil wlicis the Synonl has. bevel Jsilrumeolisl iin bringing bcfore the Dioooso. ' Iei 'btso firet place, lot me inform this new Synod' that ,',' tile cocstilution, under which we odidt as a Syn0d;.*, r'tectived he snnctlion of the /egislaturo and' gives'j power to" form regulations which are binding upon the members of the church in the Diocese;', That, in the words of the master of the rolls (which have never been over ruled)-" It Is a mistake to give the name of Synods to such church assemblies' as' act without a legal constitution, 'They are not Synods." That the church In this colony is a part of the Church of England-nll its property being the legal property of the Church of England. that the Bishop of Goulburn possesses a title con. ferred upon him by her Majesty's authority, under letters patent. That, bya special colonial enatmeout. passed in 1860 it was decreed that in all statutes or acts in force in the colony, the Bishop of Australia shall, in all matters couneoted with the diocese of Gotlbutrn, be taken to mean thebo Bishop" of Goul. burn. That the Synod Act gives legal sanction (for all purposes connected with, or in any way relating to, the properly of the Church, and only for such purposes) t tthe Constitutions and Ordinances made under, or by virtue or in pursuance threouf, and enacts that they shall be binding, &e.; That (inl consequence of the fact that propert/ is involved in, or runs minutely into, every question connected with tihe management of our affairs) an act !of parr 'liamont was absolutely needed for it. That, for our guidance in the conduct of thes business of the session, it has been ruled that the report of the Standing Copmittooe takes precedence of all btusiness each day until the Report has boon consitdred. We have also had our attention drawn by the Synod to the fact that, while tie' freehold of buildiungs e. longing to the Chtrach of England in the Diocese sle in the trustee or trustees, this abstract right ecnries with it no right of possession, but exists solely' to secure to the minister the right of free ingress and egress at ill timee .to exercise his spiritual functions in the building. And further, that no person has a right to enter on of our chutrohes when itis iot opet for Divine Service, except by permission of the Bishop or the Minister licensed by the Bishop. Again, with regard to our burial grounds, we have booeen informed, on liegal authority, that no parson can enter one of theom to dig a grave, unless by permission of the clergymau, trustees, or churohl wardens, without being guilty of a trespass,, and liable to forfeit a sum not exceeding £5, to be re. covered summarily bolefore any justice of the peace. That clergymen absenting themselves from thleir parishes or distriets wvithout thee Bishop's permisslan, are liable for such i:roglanrity to be admonished or suspended. Tlat a clergyman may be allowed to marry persons in a private house, at a distance of not less than ton miles from a church or other licensed place of worship.' I may add that, as in, England, marriages may now be legally celebrated in the clurcll between the hours of 8 a.m, and 2 p.m., similar latitudo may be allowed to the clergy of this Diocese. That the law of the OCuroh of England requires the offertory oullao tion to be made every Sunday during morning servico, whether the Lord's Supper is administoted or not. 'At any other service it lhas been decided by the judges of England, in Regina v. O'Neill, that it is lawful for the incumbent of a church to make a oellcetion in aid of any legitimate object whichb ho may choose, and that having made esuch collection, he is n l lawful possession of the money, and that tise churchwardens nave no right whatever to at' tempt to lay hold of the moneoy to apply it to a different purpose. That it is the bounden duty of the churchwardois in overy parish to make strenuous efforts to provide for the licensed olergy. manc a stipend atf not loss than "£800 per annum, as well as to create a local endowment fund, and to obtain a globe of not less than forty aores ; and that with a'view to secure thesen endo a finance committee of one or more' persons be chosen at the Easter Vestry to not in conjunction with the churchwardens for the collection of the stipend and other funds for the benefit of the parish and of the Diocoso, no well as for missionary purposes. That, with regard. to theo' power of any olergyman to permit forms of religous earvion to be used in aClhuroh of England burial.ground,' in addition to or instead of tfhe pre. soribed forms of the Ohurch of England, no one but the Bishop or the person licensed or authorised by tihe Bishop, can perform a servioe in the burial. ground; while tlhe friends of tihe deceased person are not precluded from having any otler prayers read or used at their residence or elsewhere before or after the usual burial service. That on the subject of patronage it in desirnhable to pass a. Proseatatiou' Ordinance for those eases in which the members of: a OChuroh in a District make provision for senouring to the olergyman a stipend of ,not less thanu £800 a year, together with a suitable residoncUeO That, In "order to raise the standard of the proportion of income to be devoted to the servioc of God, ssteteiatc be?celllcence be fostered and reoom. mended in every parish for lood, Diocesan, and goenral iesslonaey objects. That a Dioeesan brancle of tile Church of England Tempranceo Socinty was formed in the Diocese, 'and rules adopted for its managnement, That Trustees of all Church property in the' Dioeese should rudoer to the Bishop a'nually'anu nooeut of all Trust Funds with which they are connected, That Ohurohwardone should be elected in Vestry on Easter Tuesday each year, and that if the oleotion 'or nomination be not made "oen thl day Appointed," it shall be lawful for the Bislop to maltke them.. :That such election aid e nomination can only ibc made where OCurohes exist, and that the vestry should be presided over by the liaenced clergymane or by one of the parishioners. That all Churoh property. in the Diocese should be vested in, the Bishop, or in the Diocesan Trust Propirty Trustees, or in local Tru estee-who are to be. memebers of thie Church of England--not Wess than three nor emore thlrn five in number.' That, its regards suchli momlrship, while baptism ,confets "ordlietrU rmetberohip!' the partalkng of the Lord's Supper confers "full meembership," and' thnat the religious element ie our schools is of vital importence to the, moral and opirltual bharaeter of every member of the Church, and of the comnunlty at large, Such iare onme of the ulements ofl iformaltion, whlich the Syitod ln the ocurse of its past delibera. tolns has been tie meanes of eliiting for tie instruc. 'tion ned guidance of thie clergy and mumbbIersof the Ohurch of England lue:thls Dioneso. Notices of M'letion.-Tlhe Sttanding ommittoo lineas favoured me with it statement of ulloticeo of motlion which have been received ' rfrom members of l th Synod. Three vary inl importance, but will, for tie moet part, require careful onelderation. They comn. prise the followiung - let. Ordilanons "for th o elecotion ofe future Bishops of Gouellbrn." 2nd. "' rFOr' hlisttutnleg a OlIrgy Widows' and Orphanis'Fund fir, thio'Dlooao;." h8rd. " For the presentation of Oloergymen to vacant uroee," Ilth, "For thie. formuatlou of new Piishes." 5th. "eFor tile amoeddnent,. of the "Cathiedral Ordineoe'." ' 8,ocundly, uoties'on thle auljooeet of " the organ. lnation of Sun'dtay.lschiOls in tlhe Dleoose."'?On "tle eeomhitinth aid 'eletiou of:Lquallified Repro. eoutttives to thle'roviulnal ned General Synods." For "n a ontlmittoo to report to the'Synod on some pirineciples to rogulaee tle appoilntmenct of a Bishbop -to lihe HSo of houllburn. For "a Gentoenial Fund for W'idows aenld. Orphlsela ofO lorgy," Por" the elieotiou of Mounlors of the Cathedra'l Council; " " ee .repre'eontatlveos to the Provinoclal and General Syudds*" ', oe thle Standing Committoo;" and "of Tretceeen udilor.lho Church of England Trust Prporlty rcborpoiratlon, Aoct.of 1881. "OFor the naooptenc of Determi'latlon No. 1, made Thursday hie November 1880 by the Geoneoral Synod of the 'Dloceso :iu Auistralia and Tasmanin," and "the iapulitment of the Churlch Soiealty of this diocese to bo tlie Corresponding Conmmitteoo of the board of nieesions. S2'he eIlon, Charles Oampbel]l,--Wo eave stec. talced a great, loss in the removal of the Heon. Ohlarles Oampbell I.L.O., from tho oolony. i'ore sceally I hnavoliost a icr mest valued and faitlifld Sfriend and able Chancellor and counsellor, and the Solergy anl able advleor, a largeo boenofaotor;and a snympiiithlehsg fihleud. To tlhe Dioorso be hwas over most llbbral, After.bontowiug, inu 18041,, thoe ioblb 'gilt of £1000 for the ondwmout:et of the ;So,o and seuheoiqcuently elnmy gonroIa, donatlous for variouic heiute;hos;esecheils, and I'ernounages, aswellase for thbe cathedral ndlfor the episecopal residdoence, hle halb elgunalised his departure by thof.recoat munifioent beurfefalones,:vir;, auother, 'ut of £100 for theb .Onathedral debt, £1000 to leilevested for the bonoft of the Parish of Bt;'Johen'a, Oaerra, and another seun oelf £1000 toa bh ':invested asnthe uleones of a fand for thle o:endowment I'of a new Dioceise,' to be formeed, as e11 hiopes, fronm the northern.portion of the " uanwiehldy Dioooeof Bathurst,' --that sum "to lIce set aslde hy the lBishiop'of'Gohlhurn, and his son, Mr. Froedetrio COcmpbpll of Ynrralumln, as sech nnolous." Ohaecellor.-fIhaveo the satisfnaction of announo. fug that we 'havo ecbured thee?servioes of Arehibald I., Snimpnson Eeq., ns Chanooller insuecooselon to the HIonorable O.OCempholl. After adietingulehed career at the Uivei'ehiy of Cambrldgi, Mr. Slmpson settled Iu Sydnuey, wlhero he lines gained thie eonfdeneo of bthe legal profession: as' an aeourato lawyer ahd ekilful counsiel, 'an1d lin? o: obtalned a leading position ot!ihe: equity harof lthe colony.. He has already rondered' valuable service bIy legal opinione on subjects of special importance..I am under particular obligations to Mr. Simpson for consenting to aid us as the Bishop's legal advisor. Diocesan Relistrar and Ilonorary ecretarll of Lthe. Church Soci-ty.-The Rev. Canon Soares;, registrar of the diocese is also noting as Honorary secretary of our Churoh Society. His duties as registrar are various and oomprehensiveas was recentlyexplained at length to a former Synod, and le devotes his time assiduously and gratuitously to tle servico of the ChurchbSociety,. by which means' a saving of £100 a year is effected In the cost. of management. It is hoped .that the clergy and the lay members of this Synod and ofrthe Church generally, will take seriously to heart the duty of effectually niding and supporting theosociety for the great work which is committed to its care. The Organising Secretary.-The Organising Seers. tary has been regularly visiting the various parishes and districts; and lies generally boon wall received; but the receipts of the general fund up to the period ended 80th September lest, were deficient by nearly £400, which sum had then to be borrowed to meet the current demands for quarterly. grants to the stipends of such of the clergy as need aid from the society. In order to enable the Rev.J.Studds toroturn to his parochial duties, It will be absolutely necossary for the clergy, churchwardens, and others to assist the association secretaries to keep up the work so ably, carried on by- the Rey. J. Studds, and thus to nave an additional sam of £400 a year,, which will accrue for the benefit of the"Dioeose and for the extension of the niinistrations of our church to the scattered and distant portions of our large parishes. We are sincerely sorry to lose the valuable services of the Rev. J. Studds ; but ther exigenoies of the oase urge th'e commuitteo to economiso the cost of management and to reduce the expenditure on that account to the lowest practicable amount, * The following legacies have been received:-£10 from. Mr. J. J. "ityall, for the Clergymen of the Cooma distriet; £100 from Mrs. OCghill, 'for the Church Society; £1000 from Mr. Bouoher, for the Church Society; £1000 for the endowment of the ;Bombala parish; and: £200'for the Cathedral Fund. £250 from .Mr. W..J.: Watson, of Young,' for the Church Sooiety; and another legacy for the parish of St. uJohn's, Young; £50 from .Mrs. O'Mailey Clartoe,- for the Church Society. Neiw Guinea Mtieion.-It was agreed at the last General Synod that the Church in Australia should undertake to support .missionary offtrts among the aborigiuel inhabitants of Noew Guinea, and that each Dloceen should regard it as a duty and ia privilege to support.the mission which ithe Metropolitan has undertaleon to encourage and to foster end thes Bishop of Northern Queensland to superintend. I command this important work to tlhe Synod and to the Dioceso. li'aarcngesdr Mission.-Our mission to the ab. origines at W\araugoda has passed over to the care of tie Bishop of Riverina. Upon this work much anxious time and labour had been bestowed by myself and others, and we had hoped for suooeseful returns in the improved moral and spiritual condition of this neglected race. The departure of the Rev. J. B. Grilblo from the mission, however, was the signal for troubles and disappointments which nearly broke tip the establishment.- But I trust that under the fostering care of the Bishop of Itiverina prosperity may agaiu be restored to this interesting miesionary effort. 'The Colporteic'r.-After several years of sustained effort to circulato Christian literature through the Diocese by the services of an effllicient Oolporteur, weo have decided to suspend the work -for the proseut, seeing that the COolportenrhad on several occasions visited the prinucipal districts of the Diocese, and supplied the most pressing needs of the population. Mr. Hempton did his work faithfully and well. Re l resentatives of tho P'rovinciitl SUlnod,--On a former occasion we were informed on legal authority that the constitutions do not prescribe in what manner ropresentativoe to the Provincial Synod shall be elected; nor indeed that they shall go through the process of election at all. The Bishop, in no. oordanoo with the second Oonstitution, is required by the Metropolitan to convene to' the Proviocial Synod the members of the Synod of his Diocase, or their Representatives, at suech time. and prioo as the Metropolitan macy deem fit. Asscuming that, accord. lug to previous onstom, the Ropresentatives are to be elected, the Synod may make rule as . to the mode of electinig them, , . , The Synod of this Diocese having adopted the method of olecting repreeuntatives, it is not com-, potent for the President to seumamon any members to 'the Provincial Synod except those who ar:e duly chosen as :llRepreslenativo., thle niumbor of whom is restricted between six and tun' of each order. - Wchile it niny "noti be olligatory to pass 'an Ordincaon for tilhe purpose of electing leopruseutatives to the Provinciai Synod,: it Inay be wise to adopt that, courso, as a pormaunnt mIethiod, as woll as for the oluetion of rrelreaenlitivos to the Geneiral Synod. Genieral Codcitifoi of thLeDiocese.-Thes guotoral condition of the Diocese is still smarked by progress; tie past depression, however, of the filunaIial state of the country lhas sorely tried the faith anld patience of the frienuds of tihe Churoli. In the rwestern Aroi. doaeonry thore are no vacancloe, anld the clergy are foitho most pirt ably ned sunecessfully pursuing their laborious ministrations and doing the work of the Lord with singleness. of heart, ind streogteon. lug and extending His Church in their large and exo hanating distriots. I regard the clergy :with ffeo. tionate interest,, and am proud to, have so many faithful and oliloient men of God in ollharge of eli h a'large portion of the Dioosd. - .With thie foetasring aid of the Arehdonoun they proceed in their labours without adding a single oare to my arduous and burdensome responsibility. In the Eastern Arolideoonry' similar remnarks are applioable. Hero there are two vaoanoles, both of which lire i' process of being filled'up by fully qualifieod incumbents, Thcere are three districts which might be formed into separate parishes, If we posesosed adequnto resources., " Applliatione for work ic .the Diooose are very- nuImeroLne-soveral from old and tried incumbents, who formerly labored with it, and are anxious to returni to uo-two inl Engiinld and two in neighbllourin'g coloneis, Arch.' deacons and 'Canons evoen, are amonig the number of thoso-who'have thus applied for admissilo to this Diocese, 1 01 other subjects I -have. InUah to -say, which I wvill reserve to a later period of the cession. Qualificiatiois of Clerglymlcn,-It ls'most important that the clergy should be maen of thoughtlhl, eltudiona habits;.wol versed in the truths of Guod's word, writtoun in the original laiguagns in which Ho' ihes rvealeod His will, :But as -I:aseid on a former oooaeiloui-. " BSuffer me-to add that while learniog-and mental' training are absolutely-.noossary. if the priest's lips are to keep knowledge"-there are even higlher qualifications whiloh must" be combined with tliese, and are essentially necesary to institute a sadacea?nl mnlnistry. ,Theo importanco of- seeing 'me, of :oiun. doubted poiesonal plot,,a'ud higll'h piritual iharalitor,' as well'.as. of c"oompete-t lcariling, incst stand pre emlclate I,, Ainaii, who in, lih ;own sonl ic ignorant of tihe power ncd light of thle Holy .Spirit, who Is a stranger to thle: constrainiig: power, of 'thle lve of OChrist iu his ownuhoart,:nudi of " thle ixpilsilofpree ofdn nowo affection," who Ies never fblt'the iliell:ic of sin, and" 1ha noeer "ifijiyed thec poaeti of' dd sprlnglng from a caurictiont'llet all repeuted cln has been washed away 'inlthe proolous blood, is not likely, however learned hle may suppose hiisolf to be, to beooomo a true mulolLtor of Cilrist in our Chlurch of England. -By. --o her wiei arrangement overy man who offere himself for the esnored miclistry, is care. fully- examined blefore tho ooangregation whether he trusts lihe is-icnilcerdly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him this oflice and miuestratloe. Tis is : the primary qualification; next to tis, and subordl.: nato to ills lopo, is the other question of ndequate: learntlng and oducatonllu. ,Who an unlearned preacier once said to a olerrgyman, "God does not need all your learuig'!-b-tie, obvious reply wasn;:'noithor does He i'oeutirobyour Iguoirnoe. The truo prepar ations fpr anu: oeliont mintiry -aro unquestiouably hablti of: general setudy, th lio'p?il'etudy of titho Holy Boriptures, hlabits of speial piayor, tbh' prior tial dischnfgo of out pi?suiral e'dt iesin tile care of souls, 'hercaie the' ilone'e 0f '11th' d vino inward cell 'is.lad ever will ihee a cause of 'ultler falluto iu the' Chrlstlin minlll'stry, SMay tho-eDivinue sprit bleis our mootlng; that we-may nrtrive at sOli eonltelons di ias lll eoiidueco most to thi.e glory ccl'our; Divlno Mastor, the edilfyilng of Hi.Ouirclh, and rhe bhndlelt and wsle faro ofeHis Mhilletelrs and peopleo of this Diseoase SCanlenl Ac)ticd' mnoved that tlhe thitlll's of the Synod i bo given to hlstiordslilp thli Bishcp lor lid address, and that he he reqclaldst 'lo have thalie aie prilntced. \--Scolcded by Canen D'ArcIy.livlnie neid dcirlend, Leave was given to Archdoaoiln PI'ownell to hilr. duce the ordinanoes nalecd in Ilte stcndilni eoe. mlttoe's report as follows :-1. For regulatling the oleotion of representatives to General and Proviholal Synods, 2. For'tho olection of future Bishope ofl, Goulburu, 8. For institutlng a Clergy Widows' end Orphlans' Fund for the Dioeeso of Gouhlbern, 4\. For the presetntaton of ,Olri~gymen to ,vacant cures. 5. For the formation of now parishes.,: The ordlnanoes wereb read a' first time and ILheir eooond reading fixed for next day... Mr. T. W.. Thorn movoed;,":that in the opinion of the' Synod the time has arrived when it is desirable that special attention should be paid to the organi. satlon of Sunday Schools throughout the Diocese. That a committee be appointed to bring up a report. to the present Synod as to the best means for carry ing out the foregoing resolution; such committee to consist of Canons Acooks and D'Aroy-Irvine, the Rev. J. H. Williams, and Meosre. J. Cropper, J. E. P; Walker, and the mover. Seconded by Oanon Acocks and carried. Archdeacon Pownall moved, "that determination No. 1, muad Thurcday, 4th November 1880, by the general Synod of the Dioceses in Australia and Tea mania, be accepted, and is hereby accepted by this Synod. That in accordance with the above determi nation the Church Society of the Diocese be the corresponding committee of the board of missions. Seconded by Canon Acookse. . The President, at the request of the Rev. G. Spencer, explained that the determination placed the mission under a committee with the Metropolitan as president, and that in future the parishes would be permitted to say to what mission their eubsorip. tions were to be devoted. The resolutions were carried. The President placed upon the table the Metro politan's citation to the Provincial Synod on.Tues. day the.25th instant, Canon Snares laid on the table the annual reports of the Church Society for the past three years. Mr, I. Shepherd (for Mr. Bette) moved that the following be the Synod members of the Cathedral Council:-Drs. Sly and Campbell, and Messrs. T. F. Meyer, B1tts, Belcher, F. Campbell, J. Davidson, A. G. Finlay, J. S. Hayes, I1. C.'Joplin, and I. Shepherd. Seconded by Mr. Hayes and carried. The Rov. A. T; Puddicombe moved, " that in the opinion of this Synod the manner in which the Cathodral Ordinance of 1884 has been administered Is most partial and unjust, and that every ordinance of Synod should be administered, as far as possible, in its integrity, 'or regarded as a unllity."' He argued that tbo ordinance had beoen administered in the cathedral interest, whilst the paroobhial interest' had been altogether overloolked ; and in support of his contention he maintained that the trustees had noted 'against the' interoeels of the parish in eudeavonring to transfer tieir trust of the site upon which the eatlledral stands, and that the nation was in opposition to the clause of the Cathedral Ordinance which ordered the silto to ' remain vested in. theeos trustees. Hoe had the opinion of Mr. Gregory Walker that the transfer would be illegal. He also contended that the ecotion of the ordinance referring to the duties of the precentor had not been administered fairly, inasmuch as the preoentor had been deputed to par. form parochial duties in the parish of St. Saviour without the consent of the incumbent, He alleged that while the clause relating to the cathedral revenues had been carried out in regard to the administration of thie cathedral, his rights as in. oumbent of the parish had been" ignored. He condemned the cathedral c?iunoil for not printing and circulating, an account of all recoipte and expenditure as they were directed to do by the ordinance. Mr. A. I'ansdowne seconded'the resolution. Mr. T. H. Mate moved the previous question, but this was not seconded. The Bishop pointed out that thie precentor was Ilcansed to perform all the services of the church, andlthere wore no boundaries to parishes in this colony as there were in England. In reference to the paymeut of '2100 to the Incumbent of St. Saviour, it was to be in lieu of, not in addition to, surplice fees, and those fees had not been handed over to the cathedral revenue. The opposition to the working of the ordinanceoo cam from one indi& vidual. (Ories of "no,' no," "yes, yes.") A pam. phlet had been cifrulated in the general Synod, of whico the writer ought to be ashlnaed, holding the bishop up to ridicule; He (the beishop) had never interfered with the parochial party, and had allowed statements maligning hime to go unchaillenged; but lhe would now tako proper steps to put a stop to sech, conduct, Canon D'Aroy-Irvino expressed his indignation against the opposition offered to their bishop, who had snariflood himself in tile itetrests of the cburch. He warned the inoumbent of, St. Saviour's that he might find the power of the trustees exoroised pare. oenllly in a manner contrary to his wish. Mr. I. Shepherd maintained that the cathedral councol .had carried out the provisions of the ordinance as far as they could in face of. the opposi tion offered by the incumbent of St. Saviour'e.s. Mr. Lanedowne urged the Synod to take stops to put ain end to the disagreement existing, which.lwas preveuting the progress of the churhob. The resolution was lost by a large majority. SLeaveo was given to the Rov. A. T. Puddicombo to introduce an ordinance to amend the Cathedral Ordinance of 1884;' -. : ' Ti'he. ordinance was road a first time and. tche sbcoud reading ordered to be taken:in its order on the busineses paper.' The election.committee reported that: all the-re. titres weore corrocl, witi thle following exceptions: Norelturns from Bega; theeleotiou of Mr. J.'M.Broad head junior for Bungonla was informal; the returns from Gendegai were irregular and they recommended their staudinigove till tlie arrival of the incumbent. Mr.- Hiyes had been elected for Tomora and Junee, The Synod-adjourned at 9.80 p.m. k(111 8p.m. neit day.* 