WHITSUN HARP, REGULATOR. {Century.) A week went by. Polly Ann was con- scious of a change iu Lum. Though kind ns ever, his shy caressus were no longer offered. He worked harder, and seldom wout to the store, ' and he jes studios the plum w^'ile,' said Polly Ann. One day Mrs. Boas came over to ask Lum to get some quinine and whisky at the store for Boas. ' He lied ono er 'is spoils '-so tho poor wife always named Boas's fits of terror-' and he run out en tho woods and got soppiu' wet and cotched cole anil 'pears liko hit gitè a little muchpr all thc w'ilo.' After Ljun was gone " Pony Auu be- thought v herself of some corn which should be ground, and that it was gi ind ' iug day at the mil!. Like the store, the mill was a versatile arid accommodating establishment, grinding cotton, sawing wood, or grinding corn with equal readi- ness. So saddling the big gray horse, which was at once lier dowry and her inheritance, slio led' him\a the ferry and paddled boat, horsp, and woman across the stream. Tho Clover Bend ferry was deserted, but it was accustomed to deser- tion, being conducted on Southern-prin- ciples ; if you came while tho ferryman was away you must wait until he got hack, that was all. Polly Aun saw Lura's waggon-box boat on the sand, and riding up the bank sim perceived Lum himself walking through the cypress brake. = _ Cypress Swamp, or tho ' Black River Bottom,' is a dry river channel winding through tlie higher land. When the spring overflow comes the lustrous green water rushes among the tree trunks, and tlie high land' becomes a multitude of islands and peninsulas ; but most of the year the chauuel is dry, and iu autumn the cypress houghs spread a sort russet carpet on the gr.iund ; the hackberry, maple, liva oaks, and holly trees which miugle with the cypress splash the foli- age with splendid. hues, the sunlight niters through the branches and print shifting shadows of the vinos masking the thorn trees, or turns the red herries into CiotB of flame. Then the cypress brake is beautiful. But Lum Shiuauit was not thinking of its beauty. He was walking slowly his head sunk between his shoulders. 'StndyiuT said Polly Ann. Lum looked np. The silhouette of a horse's head had fallen across his path. A sun-bonnet "was bent over the mane. The bonnet hid the woman's face, but that ringlet hair, floating under the cape, could only belong to one person. Horse and cider stopped. So did the footman. His shadow spread out gigantic on the grouud. Then both shadows were blended together as if iu an embrace. Did Polly Ann grow angry ? Not in the leajt ; she could see too well. ' Wats got Savannah Lady ?.' said sbe; ' looks like Lum was guviu' ere whisky and holdin' uv ore.' This, indeed, was what ho was doing, for once there was no guile about Savannah's acts; Lum iiad served hei turn. . Young Morrow had spoken, and she was on her way to buy her wedding finery when she was seixed with a eli Ul;' but she still rode on, clinging to lier horse's -neck, until she jnet Lum. He gave her some whisky. Now by an evU chance, at this moment, Whitsun Harp must needs enter the scone at a gallop. Hes aw the shadows, ho saw tho bright head on Linn's shoulder,' the little hands clutching Lum's arm. A shower of cypress boughs whirled iy Jtho air; a pawpaw brauch snapped, wrenched away by a furious hana ; mut Lum lifted his eyes to see Whit-oii's face. * I tell ye, you're mistaken !? shouted Lum." - ff 4 IVB too late for talkingfj.ow,* said Whitsun, deep and low. He jumped of his horse a id caught Lum by the throat. The smaller mau was like a baby in his grip. Lum writh- ing and struggling iu an impotent fury of rage and shame, hardly felt the blows. Suddenly tho hand at his throat released him so suddenly that he was hurled to tho the ground ; he heard his* wife's voice j shrill with auger, * Whitsun Harp, what ye doin' tor my mau P' He sat up, his brain swimming, specks of fire and blood heating in the air ; but there was Whitsun standing erapty hauded, and Polly Ann's face over the grey's head. '1 didn't, aim yo simd ever know on it, Polly Ann,' Said "Whitsun, ' I vudn't help it, Int had tor be did.' .* I'll never forgive ye eu this world, Whitsun Harp !' said Polly Ann. Lum put his hands on the tree near ~ him and got on his feet. He leaued on tho tree aud steadied his chocking anti shaking voice enough to say, ' Ljpok a year, Whitsun Harp, I'll kill yer fer this.' Harp did not glauce towards hiyi ; he took one step forward as though he would speak to Polly Anu hut at hdr gesture of repulsion he turned silently and mounted hw; horse, and looking at Polly Auu, said agaiu, ' I cudn't help it/ before he galloped away. Savannah was shivering aud crying. * Hit. you avy lick, Savannah ?*\ said Lum. 4 Naw, uaw/ sobbed she. * Oh, Lum, bh, Mrs. Shiuault,' 'twa'n't roy fault ! 1 was jcs sick. Whitsun's heerd lies on mean Lum. I'm goiu' ter bo married ter Steve Marrow next wuck Fer the Lord's sake, don't tell him ; he wudn't. I speak 1er me again, I done my liest. I pulled Whitsun's arm.' For all his misery Lum burst into a bitter laugh. ' Munter hendered Whit- sun a heap, ycu holdin' on,' said ho. ' You go along home, Savannah, and don't be skcored er wo uus telliu' ; jes tek koer ye don't let on isuthiu' yo'sclf- never uiiud what happens.' Something iu his face checked her answer ; she was seared, aud glad to ride | ^away. j Tho husband and wife were left alone j together. Lum looked al Polly Aim, who was, very palo. ' Ye come jes in time, Polly Aim,* said he. ' I wudu't o* believed yo'd a taken it, Lum Shiuault/ said she bitterly, ' with your knife ou too. Pull your belt round !' Mechanically, Lum put his hand to his bolt, which had been twisted so that tho knife was-in tho back. ' I done forgot 'boout tho kuü'o,' muttered Lum, redden- ing ; * that ar's favouryte trick or Harp's.' Thou, iu a second, ho .added, ' I ain't goin* ter tek hit, Polly Ann.' She said nothing. ' Yo don't boliGvcd me/ cried Lnm. ' 'Taint no, use talkin', she said wearily. 4 I'll have it out with him. Ye 'low I'm a ornery, triflin', .piissillttuimous-' * Whar's tho use collin' yo'self names ? interrupted Polly Auu. .' I don't wautor yere no more 'boout it. Keckou Boas'll wayut his whisky onyhow. Thar 'tis under tho gum tree.* xmm looked at his wife with .imploring eyes and quivering month ; at xhat moment ho was louginjj lo fling his arms about her aud sob'otit his shame ou her breast. Poor Lam's grandfather was a Frenchman. Polly Auu did not look at him, but went oa arranging her bag of cora ; all Lum could see was the profile of her sun- bonnet-there is nothing sympathetic about a sun-bonnet. ' Best git on ter the mill ef I waynt a pone er bread ter day/ said Polly Ann. 'Be back ter dinner, Lum.' She rode on a little way and stopped. ' I'm goiu' to hov a plum good dinuer fer ye, Lum/ she called back. ' Thankee"; Polly Ann/ said Lum. He watched her until the trees'bid horse aud rider. ' Polly Ana 'lows thar aiut no .troubles men persous cayu't cure with patin* aud drinkin'/ said he ; i drinkin' ' -he. eyed the whisky bottle lying at tho foot of the gum tree-fïaw, that amt ony comfort fer me en that ar. I'm en a hole, and thar's jes only one way outeu hit. No good talkiu' ter Polly Ann, she's sot. 'Twud ouly pester her. Oh, my Lord, ain't it hard '/ f ' I wisht I cud hov kissed her jes once/ -he said, alter a while, 'only ter say good bye. How soft her cheek wuss. Aud thar war a little blue veiu jes under the ear. Wa'al, hit won't mek no differ ter her, butl wisht-' He walked on slowly until ho came to the boat on the sand. Ho could see his own cabin. He remembered ¿he day that he brought Polly Aun to it-hie wedding day. He crawled into tho boat, lay down in the stern, and cried like a child. _ *T ART II. * Polly Anu'a good dinner waited ia vain Lum did not como. Yet she was sure that, while at the well drawing water, she had'seon his figure through the wiudow. She blew the horn. She called at tho toji of her vdlge. Finally she weat to the shed to $se if tho horse was gone. Gone he was aud there was a piece of brown wrapping-paper, such as they used at thc store, tacked ou to a log and and directed to ' Mistris Shinault.1 Sho took it down, turned it over, and saw a single sentence, written iu poucil, iu cramped, careful letters-' Darling Polly aa i taken youl Hoss fer a firraut i wuut bo back youl Lovin Husbau. C. Shiuault.' * Law me !' said Polly Ann, ' he m ought hev eome in, anyhow. And th( I dinner's plum spiled.' I She was wretched over her morniug's Work, but she did not feel alarmed, haviug no belief in Luni's courago ;. and whee ebb discovered that the guu wâs jgouo, slu merely thought that he meant to shoo! squirrels. ^Buta Lum was seeking other game, His errand was to kill Whitsun Harp The smouldering jealousy ¡md lesentmem of weelis had burst into^a flame that wa« shriveliing his heart. Ho had beor beaten tfefore his wife, his wife wli< valued strength aud bravery beyonc everything. Aud Whitsun, whom slu Ípraised because lie was so strong aud s< iráve, had beateu him. How many iimof had sho praised Whitsun to his face Liko enough she had wanted the regulator all along, and had ouly taken up wit! Lum because,/Whitsun didu't speak girls did such thiugs Lum kucw from the songs. Hore was Hie secret of lier being so quiet aud sad aud of tha^queer way , she had with her that made hun feel farther away, in thc same room, than ho did thinking of her miles oft in the bottom. '1 never end much her like I-cud t'other gells,' thought Lum ; ' 1 «lins lied ter study on't afore 1 end putt my arni 'remind tier waist. Reckon, I.'sorter s'picinijod, inside, thet it pestered "her. Pore Polly Ann !' lt was like Lum to fool no anger, only couipassiou for Iiis wife. ' Hit's Mjad fer her too-tumble had,' ho pondered; 'e£ its ino gits killed up sho caynt hov no mo' trtuk wi' him, and of it's him she'll uatuhally hato tile sight er roe. Wa'al. she won't be pestered with it; I'll go off on tlie cotton boat afore sundown. All through this wide world I'll wallder, my love,' said. Lum, his thoughts unaffectedly .shaping themselves int o tho words of his song.*. They did )iot cause him to waver in his purpose ; lie know Polly Ami's notions of manly honour too well. Old Man Gooden shat a man once. ' 'Paw hod ter shoot him,' Polly Ann explained; 'he spatted paw en the face.'i ' And cf a feller spatted me, wild I hev tor shoot him ?' Lum had .asked amused by her earnestness, for this was before lio passed tho careless state of his marriage, ' Wwln't yo waynt .for to shoot him!' said Polly Ahn, fixing her beautiful grave eyes .ou hie smiling face .'Wa'al I shuldn't erave it,' said Lum. ' But ye wad, Lui», ye wad shoot him !' ' Mabbo-if I cudu't nm away,' an- swered Lum, and ho had laughed at her face over that speech. He did not laugh now, riding with his bruised throat and aching shoulders, aud gun fsluug aeross the saddle peak. ' Him or me,' groaned Lum; 'hit's him or me-one. Thar ain't no tether wa}'.' He was riding through tho bottom lauds,above thc mill. Thc cullie bottom was like au iuuoceut juuglo with its waving greon undergrowi h of cane. Pig« were rooting under tho trees, aud tim heads of cattle rose above the caue, turn uiug peacefu^ eyes of satisfied appetito upon Lura's reckless speed. There was no reasou for haste, really, outside tho relief which motiou gives to a perturbed soul, for Lum knew that Whitsun "was buying a horse of a farmer up on the bayou, and would have to re- turn, by tile same road. But he did not slacken his pace until he came tia a mau riding more leisurely. The mau hailed him. add ho saw Boas. ' Why, I sitó at your house,' said Lum, 'and Mis' Boas 'loweri yo wuz cu bod.* 'So, I war,' said Boas in a, week, high voice, ' but-I got up-got ujp !' ' Toby shore, toby shore,' Scried Lui», soothingly. | Ho saw tho mau conjd l^ugh^keep in features were ghastly^|njMMi|^ih6 ' linf Í ain't repinin, ter leave itp^*?W^ ' li.« ye g wine tor-Texas,?'... V - V's 'Farder eu Texas; boy. Di*. Vinsoi was over aud tole* me-uaw,' Xium, y< don't need te say you're sorry, I kjtíow ye eva. Ye been like a sou ter me siuci ever yo WUK a little trick and^jlayod will my boys. Yo. Janiember 'om, Lum, sic! peart, likely boys they wuz, and abb like Mat and Tobe drowuded, aud Marl throwed from his hess. All on 'om ayfte -yo know what-all three on ono year eTory chile we'd got, Ora and me. Hi war hard tor endure, Lum, turrible hard. * It war so,' Lum. ' Wa'al, they'er all oj» 'ein» gone. Am I'll ho gone, too, afore long. I ain't re piuiu', Lum, ye never heerd nie talk on't j cudu't hare to speak ; but, somehow 'pears like 'twnd ease my miud aa hit te tell yo sulhin' er my feeliuV Lum ; cf liedu't er boon so mortal -sheered o uieetiti' up with Grundy, I'd a killed my self a long spell back, I wad so. I'r wore out. Boy, if so bo you tempted te fight, mind yourself or mo ! I kille Grundy Wild, killed him fair, too ; bm Lord forguv mo, I done -went enter thc ar fight aimiu tor kill. I 'low that wa how ho got his holt on me. For he! never left me sence. First I wndn't gu in. " Be thet ar all the harlin yo kia me out ?" sr/, I. But hit kept a cohiiu' au a comm', never no differ, till hit orazio me, Lum. ' Nur thet warn't tho wust oa it. Til wüst war beeil sheered tl)o hull while, \spectin' and drcamin' uever no tell. * Did ye never hev a door a squeakiu', Linn P A squeakiu' door ere a mighty little trick ; 'taint mithin, ye may nay ; but yo'll be a sittin' and thet thar door'U squeak and stop, and then it'll squeak agin, aud thea not, and thou squeak aud squeak and squeak tel yen git np, swarm' mad, and shot, t lio door. Lum, I endu't git so drunk thet I'd not i'eel thet thar cole hand er his a (lap flabhin' on my face. Hit's wore mo ont. At last I jos give up ; and my Lord ! 'pears like his soul fairly enjyed trompin' ou mo, rarin' and chargin' like twnz a wild hog ! Oh, my Lord ! nvy Lord !' The mau shook in Iiis saddle with the horror of this recollection. But ho controlled himself enough to go on, though tho sentences came in pauts. ' Then T 'membered-thet thar tex-au oyo for au eye* and a tooth for a tooth, ititi come ter me-end I only swap a life with the Lord for Grundy's-then it moughl he ho Wild tftk Grundy offen'mo and-let ' me die on peace. I don't ax no' moro.' He stopped, gasping and cough- ing while Lum held him. Lum was j deeply touched; he was not a whit moved { from his intention ; but ho was touched, and ho felt a sombro sense of comrade- ship, thinking, 'Mabbu I'll know how you feel, tef-morror.' Boas continued : ' And, Lum, while I war studyiu' and prayin', " Lord, lot thy poro siufhl sarvint wipe tlie blood-guiltiness offen his soul and not hov to die sheered,"-Lui», I heerd them Case boys fruin the hills talkiu' out- side come ter burry my bateau. They wiiz ayfter Whitsun Harp, beca'so he'd proimnused tho big un, Ike a lickin' fer beatiu' Ole Man Bryce oaten his cottou. They . xyaz lowiu' ter pick a fight with him and kill him. I pecked outer a crack aud soeu them. Two lied g.ins, and all three lied knives. So I tole Ora to tell them wo 'lowed ter use bur owu boat. But they got a bateau farder down, aud I seen thom in ¿ho river, so I bed Ora row me over and I borried Looney's boss, it bi'iug so easy-aud I'm agwiue to warn him. The river twists so, aud thar's a ji-ightsmartpiececrground between Toung Cabes whar ho ere aud the water. I kin git thar fust, easy- "Say, little tricks, what ye bollería' fer?' The road had passed a little clearing, made iu Arkansas fashion by . burniug down trees. Tho cabin in the centre had no window, and tho door was opeu, showing three par- ticularly dirty children who were all crying together. The oldest stuck a shaggy white head out io say, ' Hit's fer mawr" . ' Whav'6 yor maw done goue?' ' She's done goue with Mr. Harp for ter see Aaut Milly Thorn, kase Uncle Tobo Thora doue lick er hide offen er,' said tho child, evidently repeating an older tongue's story. 'I seuded three mon ayfter cr, hut she ain't como back, aud we 'uns is hungry. Oh dear, maw, maw !' ' Hush, hush,honey,' said Boas, trembl- ing, , whar did the uien'come from ?' ' TJioy come from a boat, and they axed fer Mr. Harp,'and-they said they wild fotch maw back iu tile,- boat. Will ye fofch maw P ??'Ter Tob3 Thorn's,' screamed Boas, Elutchiug Lani's arju ; ' d'ye onnerstand, bum ? Thet's\ across ¿ho big bayou, the Prouse on thS háuk¿ they kin cut across fen the batcha, anil tíie^oad goes away off Smother side.. I cayn't'-do hit, Lum, the Mftd don't mean terraldon me ! And mùffî Wlutjsuu--' shaking .Lum's arni in B^^coutrolîahiè'àg^tation-'.Lum, mab lyitîs 'tended'ïer yer to save him ! Yo Kss? never makes a blunder. Ye know Ric.bott om, aud yo kin ride through th« brake fast-fast 3' Lum turned a dull, deep red ; he fell himself suffocated with passion ; he sav his revenge lost^ and with it everything clso. Yet ho could not wrench his las hope from this haunted, desperate, dying creature. Aud Boas had boeu kiud to hi mother. 0 'Lum, yo will do hit,' pleaded Boas * I know yo don't bear no good will te Harp, but, God A'uiighty, he's a humai critter, yo won't seo him murdered whw ye kiu save his life ! Ye cayu't be s hard-liarted. Oh, Lum, do it ter sav ME, to holp ME outeu the hell I been e; for five years !' 'Yes,' said Lum, 'I'll go fer YOT. Boas.' His face was as white as Boas's, bu Boas could uot seo ; he pushed his helpo by tho shoulder to hurry him, pantiug ' (3rd along, thou, fast, fer God's sake God bless ye, boy, yó'll save two mc stiddeu ono. How he rides, and I usetc rido thet way-' .The children criée and ho wont to thom ; Lum was out t sight in tho high cauc. Tho young follow rode furiously. Bi neath that pleasant green sea lay pronge roots and logs aud ugly holes. Thor trees stretched out their spiked limb wild grapo-viues flung their beautifi treacherous lassoes on tho breeze, aud pav paw sapliugs, stout enough to trip a hors wore ambushed iu tho caue. Throug thom all crushed tho braire gray, loapin dodging, beating down the cane with h broad chest, aud uovor slackening h speed, lt looked like a frantic race through the wilderness, hut, with tho woodman's instinct, tho rider, leaving the perils below to the beast's sure eyes, was really guiding him ou au invisible course. At last Lum drew rein before another clearing. Ho could see Thorn's cabin and women in 'tho * gallery,' and, riding along the shore, nearer and more distinct, the figure of a mau on horseback, plainly Whitsuu Harp. Lum galloped up to him. Tho regulator carried pistols in tho holsters of his old cavalry, saddle ; tho barrel of one flashed out as Lum ap- proached. ' \ ' Ye ain't no call ter be skeeredNer mc' shouted Lum. ' Hot this time. Look out fer the Case boys-thar, on tho bateau. They'er a comin'.' ?'Shucks!' caid Whitsun. He crave Lum a long and keen glance which ap- parently satisfied him, for ho addressed himself afc once to more imperative danger. In fact, the Case boys were lauding. Ike, tho tallest, he to whom the 'liekiu'' had been promised, stood up.'in tho boat, as tho keel grated ou the sand>^ and hailed Lum : « ' * Say, Lum Shiuault* moosoy outer yere, wo hain't no gredge agin yon.' ' What mought ye hev como for thou ?' said Lum sarcastically. 'Ter guv thet thar--regcrlater a show to lick Ike, of ho darst,' called the second brother. 'I darst,' Whitsun replied with his usual composure; 'jes come on over.' Tho brothers consulted ; then Lum was hailed agaiu : ' Lum Shinault, git outer the road.' 'Tho road's free,' said Lum. 'Tour mighty brash orderin' folks outeu the road.' ' Dad buru ye, he ye on his side P' ' Looks like,' replied Lum indifferently; ' onyhow, of ye waynt a fight ye kiu hev hit.' ' They all wou' fight,' said Whitsun. Nor did they. The third Case boyí (wbilo the others were bending to their oars) yelled: *A man so mean as you, Whit Harp, hed orter he shot twixt the cross er the gallowses, and we'll do hit yit.' And tho big Ike informed Lum that he was ' lot off ' ou account of the women in the cabin ; but not one of them lifted his gun. Safe ont in the river, they threw back a shower of threats aud oaths, but nothing more solid. ' They're pusillanimous cusses,' re markek Harp. Then he' drew nearcr Luin, looking actually embarrased. 'I cayu't mok you out rightly nohow, Lum Shiuault,' said he. " 'Naw,' said Lum, scornfully, 'nor I cay n't mek myself out. Look a yere, . Whit Harp, I como cuter this yore bottom ter kill yo«.' Whitsuu nodded gravely, making a little affirmative noise in his throat, exactly as he might have done to a re- mark about the weather. \- ' And I wud hev killed yo or been killed up myself-one, cf I hedu't met up with Bud Boas. 'Taiu'fc no difforJiow he slopped me ; he done hit, he sent me on his errant ter yo-ter warn .ye ; and what's more," so loug as ho lives ye aiu't. nuthin tor fear from me. But when he's done goue-look out !' He would have wheeled his horse, but Harp caught the rciu, eayiug, ' Stop ! what sorter trick's - all this ? What fer did yo stop fer Bud Boas ? Did he-did ho sheer ye with his ghost P* Lum laughed harshly in sheer hitter* ness Si soul : " A dozen ghosts wudn't a stopped me. I dou't hole hy ghosts no how.' ' Thea why did yo go ?' None of us are above wishing to be justified, and thora is a peculiar zest in overturning our enemies' false notious of us; Lum uever wonld have proffered au explanation, hut there may have boen a grim comfort iu letting Whitsuu seo his real self. He replied quietly, ' I come ter help Béas.' ' How'd thet help him ?' ' Kase he war purportiu, ter waru ye hisself. Ho 'lowed ef he cud jus save some uu's life-a sorter swap like fer tho ono he'd taken, that ere ghost what harnts him mought quit.' ' Did the ghosts say so ?' . I don't hole by ghosts, I tell ye. Naw, it's jes a idy. So's tho ghost a idy, ter j my mind. But hit's plum fixed in his head jes strong as scripter. And I I reckon t'wull be like he 'lows t'will be so. He 'lowed cf he cud save ye from being killed up here by,, me, then tho ghost 'ud let np and he cud die in peace.' ' Toby shore. And hit war thet away ? And thet thar's why you won't fight me -kaso the life won t he saved then aud the sperrit mought cum hack P' r Lum shrugged his shoulders : ' I gnoBS,' Whitsun's stolid face worked as he cried : ' Blame my skin of I ken mek yo out onyhow ! Ye aiu't no sich feller \ike I wuss ceountin' ye ter be !' The'blood rushed to Luiu's forehead with a'suddeh souse of the uselessness of this late re- cognition, a sudden fury of pain. 'Ye hov found hit out too late, Whitsun Harp,' ho cried; 'yo shamed mo afore Polly Aun, aud yo shamed her too, Hckiu* 3»«*-husband jes beease ye wuz the biegest and strongest, and ye wuz too dumb tor see thet thar triflin' critter, Savannah, war jes sick with a chill, and I was gu vin ou her whisky,' ' Abd wuz them Hes about you and her?" . Ax her,' skid Lum, overcome hy irri- tation : * I dou't waut no more truck with ye, Whit Har», while Boas is alive. L<*t go." ' Jes er inmute m*>re, Lum. I aiu't agoin ter fight with ye ayfter this even iug. Aud ef I doue ye wrung I ll oudo tötyit.* The hand on Lum's bridle dropped, and the gray leaped forward; LUMI'S fare- well words hurled behind: 'Ye cayu't ondofait; all ye eau do ere ter fight me, and ye SHELL !' "Efl mistaken him,' ninttered Whit- sun, who.hardly seemed to h*ar. so ab- sorbed was he iu his ewn train of thought, « ef-how eua hit a be'u-ma bein' called P' Boas was. waiting at the cabin. He thanked and blessed Lum, but the pow fellow's heart was too sore to be thus eased. He must go back to Polly Auu, who despised him. It never occurred to i»try to lift himself a little in his wife's opinion by telling the story of the after- noon ; he £«it too sure that Polly &.n* would not believe in any real iut«>n'ion of his to fight Harp, and would think that he welcomed auy excuse. If only the Ga$e! boys had fought, .if somebody's blood, no matter whose, had been spilled. 'Gells isallus a cravin' fer -folks ter be. killin' each other,' mus^d Lum. ' Polly Ana wad feel n heap pe;tur ef I had a fast-rate title t<»r. a ghwt er my own. But nùw I neVer'il hev uo show, not the least bit on earth {' Polly An» received Jiim with great kindness, saying nothing of the spoiled dinner bi* the delayed supper and twice made .coffee. After supper she herself brought him the violin. But ho put it aside, saying: 'Tek" hit away, I .don't feel like fiddlin.' He hud scarcely touched. his supper. * Ye fejliu' puny, Lum.?1! said Polly Ann, tiuidly. He shook his head aud weut out, forgetting his ha*. Her kindness jarred ou his sick soul ; this nv »ruing he had yearned for it because this morning he hid a convictiou that she would not despise him loug or grudge him, afterwards, a last caress. But now-'I'm s-i low down'en hot mind BUS cayn't help pvtyiu' me,' thought Lum. ' Degraded in his own eyes and in hers, and uncertain how long before Savannah's giddy tongue might he released from the f*ar thatrtted itTaudf^njike hn liutnihatioii the latest joke before tlu^store, Lum's whole nature seemed to collapse, tie shunned the Clover Bend people ; he even shunned his wife, spending days in the wo-ids shooting, or picking cotton, aud toking « lnuch into tlie field. At night, supper over, he would go ou* and tu gone until late. M*wy n night did' Polly Auu pretend to be sleep'n tr wheu Linn stepp id j softly-'across the fl >or. He never liai1 been-drinking ; and he did nrt cross tho river, for Polly Ana, always watchiag at tiie window, ct/uld see that the hoot was «itt moved. ' One night she followed him. All that hé did was t t wander rest lessly among the hills. She saw him making wild gÄtures ; once she he ml a groan. Theu-uhc crept, back to bed and erie!, poor wotnau, wh t-tier for him or for her- self, who kniws ? ' Site began to be frightened. She saw Harp at a distance and once he crossed t)te'river, and paid a loug call on Boxs ; eb that'she did not connect any possible rem'Srse with her husband'sgJooai. How cohld she imagine that he was ceaselessly abd poignantly regretting his not been a ihurdèrer? . The only place where Lum wis any- thing like hin old self was in B ias's cabin. Boas was dy in.', but vi-ry peace- fully. .The visions wine'.» hal tortured his life away were gone. He had w* more dread of them. Thanks to. Lum, he told' his wife. He told her nothing else, but that W«S enough I jro arouse .her gratitude. ^She would not paiu him with questions, but she thought. »."» hs rm of queel taning Polly jina 'D'ye.'low Lum done s?e-i Gruudy. aud druv jiiui away p7 she asked in toues of awe. ' Law in«*, Mrs, Shiu ault, but he must hey grit !' G-i* P p'opr-Lum ! Bat polly Ann, wh . .va* superstitious, did have a v»gu« ¿nd ap- palling theory that in som- way BUMS ihïght have transferred.Grund.v to Lum. Yew were abo .right* Ï». w;.tf u t uatural fo,4 TiUtn ^to "take such evid . nt comfort in Boas'» society, going th -ce every day, and taking, his violin, äithoug.» he uovor lifted the hpw at home. ' , ¿oas had little to say; what hie had was jabout the time when his lost boys were children. He would lie for hours, tpatient, quite coûtant, watching his at her, pimple .ta »ks or ''hjasring hn m Ho oft 'U, ^tyil^d,, ViIt; WAS, «:¿pa, , ifaötic e%ht io ?tnt^hw-flfo miw.' who J«id a death from exhaustion than anything else.' N ovember passed. Early in December Boas died. Lum saw him only a few hours before the event. He had never al'u led to the past horror, but to day he said: ' Lain I been bevin' a cur'is dream. 'Pears like I was hanlin logs alongor Grundy Wild, like we usier. Aud we uns war bevin* i-ich a pleasant lime. Hit war purty weather, and' we uns didn't 'pear ter hov no feelin's twixt ns, and Gmudy he war a laffin and pokin fun, and nie, I war laffin too, kase ye know them tricks er his and quac contraptions, and nary un membered mithin er thH ere bad time. I war a laffin wheu I waked up, Lura, we uns were right good friends; wuust, aud hits quar but I eré a feôliu theta ol« friendly feelin's agin, flit's like the rest was jes a bad dream. I aia't skeered no more er meetiu up with Grundy, Lum.' JS'ot long afterwards he fell aalesp, and lie may have wakened with Grundy, for he did not waken in this world. There was a great gathering at the funeral. To this day the widow talks shout it with doleful prid^: ''Twarthe vurry biggext land the graudüst bnryin the Bend over seen. A hundred and sixty-two, big and little, looked at the corpse. 1 counted.' Whitsun Harp came to the funeral. It so happened that when Lum first saw him they Were both standing at the grave. The open grave was between them. Polly Ann saw Lam's moody coun'en a'jce brighten hy a fierce light. Harp di l not aeem to see Lum or any one ; his composed and melancholy gaz ? weat pas*. - their heads, ever the forlorn .'little field with its rail fence and high grey grass waving above the unmarked mounds. The service ended, the people slowly walked down the path which their own footsteps had made' through the' grass. Polly Ann kept close to Lúm. He edüe i himself up 'to Whitsun. Tiiey spoke together in a low ton«, but Polly Auu had the ears of an Indian; she' caught two fragments nf Lum's sentences: 'Nuthiu NOW ter bonder,' and 'Down eu the bottom, by the little bayon.' There were people with the Shiuaults. as far as I ho ferry, aud af towards there were th* wi low and two c*u«ns to escort j hom». One of the cousins, intent «n j having a comfortable gossip about the dead man with some one not too near him j for free discussion, returned with 1mm. i So she. gave Polly Ann no chancy to seei her husband alone, aud wa* Wilf-TûBjfîïtg'j «nd talking in the black aud gilt rocking- j ch «ir when he came in and toot dnwnj his gun 'I'm goin fer a'shoit, Polly | Ann,' said he. He had cruded the threshold, but he atini back aud kissed his wife on' b»th chpeks, before the' cousin. The cousin giggled; but Polly ¡ Ana r'-meinhered that he had not kissed ! her h fore iu* three week«. I fear that her visit>r found her an ungracious hostess. Th« instant she was free, s'ie ran to tho s'io^o. Lum's boat was gone, hut Boas s little boit had been left near the ferry ; in t his she rowed over to .Clover Bend. At first she hesitated on tho other shore, but presently she ran at the top of har fpeod. She had hosrd a single shot. 'Tnir wud er be»n TWO,' lier whit" H|>8 kept muttering; 'thar wir. only one '.' She ran past the mill, past the pasture, down into the swamp. It was th« earn3 oyp-es8. brake through whicn Lum had ridden with Boas, three weeks before ; but it was another scene.to-day. One of the wood fires, so common in nutumu, had shorn the ground of tho green cane and all the undergrowth that hides the weird uglinesi of the cypress roots. Now, bared of every tender disguise of vines or moss, the hideous thing?, ia their gro- tesque and distorted semblance of hu nan form, seeinod demon dwarfs crone iug over their fires; while the cypresskuoes hove an nncanuy resemblance to the toes of iucomp'ctély*buried¡¡ giauts. Out of this huddle of monstrous shapes rose the cypress trees, unmarred hy knot or branch until high high above the rider's head, some s' i m and erect like stately young mai lens, others of enormous girth, brother giants to those that the earth re- fusid to ever. Some were RB smooth mid glossy wliite as dead b mes. The fire had eaten ont their life. Oh'irrpd logs were tumbled over the ground, atid the cyprwss houghs were ashes whence rose a cloud of smoke nuder hurrying feet. Polly Anil ran «n farther mid farther into the ruined forest. She could SBC tho shining: of the water. A log had fallen à-ross tho road. No, oh God! it was no log, it was a mau, it was Whitsun Harp lying on his face, shot dead from behind. Another wotnm might hare screamed. Polly Au« only kuelt down beaide the man who hid loved her all his youth, and Vivy g nt'y terned his face to tho sun. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Without a moau or cry her holy swabed forward like a broken tree and fell beside Harp's. But she did «ot lose concious ness; she knew the voice that called hei natue, and ski staggered to her feet, Lum was standiug in the road, Iiis face ashen-white and his gun shaking in hie hands. She ran to him with a great sob aud threw herself agaiust his breast. 'Hun! ron.!' she graspad, 'they'll cotch ye ! Tek tho boat ; the ri ver s best!' 'Fiir why must I run?' said Lum. Though he was so agitated, so excited, he seemed rather like a mw overcome by some unexpected siglit of horror than one who fears fur himself. * Yon^-r-begau Polly Aaa ; she clutched the barrel , of'his guu. It was cold to the touch. '* Te haveut fired it off ! screamed she ' Uaw,* said Lum, * I seen ye woepin' over Whitsun Harp;..'ye 'low I killed him?'. ' Ye looked SQ-steered !'< ?"I war skesred-i-poWerful skeered. Kns'», Polly Abu, I left'home with m j miad sot ou killin thet thar dead man, but' I didn't do hit. Hark ter me, afore him ly i u' thet Äwavye d«»n't bêlÎBye I «uu lie. "iiomme tell ye the hull ti nth ,' Then he ' told with' the conciseiiess of «tr»ng emotion, how Boas had saved him in the first place, and how, as long as B »as lived, he could, not renew his at- tempt. ' Bat, ter-day,' said he, ' I- War free again. . I cud show ye I war a mau ez much ez Harp. I ¿poke ter him at tho bmi'ryiu.* , He shuddered. 'I appinted this yer place. He tole rae ter cum to the sture fust, and théii'ef I wayafed he'd come yore, I don© went ter the store. And' be war thar. Afore them all he «tapped up and begged my narden. " Mr. Sliinanlt knows what, for, he says, aud then he th»»ko i me fer savin on his life -he putt hit like thet^-and tole the hull story. ' And now,' sez he ' I dou't guess ye kear for my company dowu eu the bottom,' Then he holds out ids hand, and I took it, and he sail, 'Ye won't keep uo gredga agin rae no riiore, Will ye, you nor your wiíeP' and I said ' NaW,' and he went away, and I never sûeu him agaiu tell I sseeh yon settin* by him, and him dead. Polly Auu, ye ajo belisve me.' Polly Ann was sobbing, but she nodded. 'Abe Davis, he war with me, but he weat oin tha-Jiigh^road, mud I cum down« yer for*»hoot, so, l!d hov:somè/iquirrals »o iote"àpine....Wo,Jtfsrí^Htmt^miX' folks is allus shootiii' iu the bottom: Wv mought - -er cotched them ef we'd come straight down; I dont guess they'll ever coted them uow. Thar's too many tor 8"picion.' Lum judged rightly. Among the doxeu men wlio bad cause to hate Whitsun, Justice (a somewhat uuwiel ily pera mage : in tiie bottom) never tould find euough i «videuce against any one to take action. \ Whitsun's inunlerer was never punished, tm Clover Bend's knowing ; he was never pursued. Lum knelt down as Polty Ann had doue by tho dead man's side ; he looked up at his wife with love and pity beyond his expre-»8ión. * Yes, he's done goue shore, dearie,' he said slowly ; ' I wisht lid waru't. He wor a better tuan uor me.' Polly Aun only sobbed. ' Wud ye-wud ye like ter-ter say good-bye ter him aforo I holler on Tobe ? I'll step over yandor ter look fer him.' Thou Polly Auu iooke'd up. She read his thoughts. ' Lum/ said she, ' com« yere !' H-j came. ' Ye 'low thet I set store hy Whitsun, too great a store, more thau I doue by yon?' ' He war your kind, honer, I don't meant er trow it up agin ye-ye 'lowed I war triflin.' ' Lum, Lum, don'say a word,' cried she 'dont! I dotf know'how io ¿ell yer; but 'twazlroxr allus, allus, eveuw'en ye hod'nt nary thought fer.me/an' wuz waitiu' on Savannah Lady. I nt agin hit, I dune my hoB' ter brunguiy min' ter Whitsun, fer he-he axed nie an'he war so good, so brave, the bes' an'faithf ulles'-but I cud'nt do it, kase my min* war so sot on you. Au' thea we uns wuz married, an'ye did'ut set no gro't store by me for a right smart. Ah, I wuss so lonesome, an'paw war goue, an'I grieved. Au' then w'on ye sorter sorter began ter hov a-a differ eu yo' feblia's I war frettin'au' takin' on bokase ye warn'fc like Whitsun, au kase ye wud lot 'int dare ye au' prummus ye lickiu's au' not <ek it up. Oh, Lum, I war a fool, but twar allua you. Whitsun knows it war allus you.' 'Yes, honey, yes, , my darlin,'I bnner jste.uV said Bum iOftlyvgathewag lteriuto, ibis arnie'wit h * foll¿lieáHvv- In ¿batí promo moment they böth forgot .all thc 