HUGH CONWAY’S LAST MANU SCRIPTS. 1.—“AT WHAT A COST.” 2.—“THE STORY OF A SCULPTOR.” 3.—“CAPITAL WINE.” ALL. RIGHTS RESERVED. AT WHAT A COST! BY THE LATE HUGH CONWAY, Author of “CALLED BACK.” “DARK DAYS,” &c.; To be followed by THE STORY OF A SCULPTOR. By the same author. Gertrude, it is for you, not for me, to picture the events of the next few days, flick at heart, I pleaded indisposition and returned to my books: sacrificing politeness, I left Gordon free to follow his own devices. Well did I know to whither his steps turned every day, and clearly could I read in the brightened expression of his ever bright face how well the s.uit he was urging prospered. So much so, that it was with a feeling of dull despair, not surprise, I listened when one night lie told me you had consented to he his wife. Loverlike he sat, hour after hour dilating upon the perfections of the prize he bad won, and levelling in his visions of future happiness. And I, who loved yon as I believe no man ever yet loved woman, suifeied torture on the rack of his raptures. I bad to listen to yonr praises from the lips of the one whom I had now almost brought myself to believe had robbed me of alii longed for in the world. And there was tube no delay-no respite forme. He was wealthy, so what was there to wait for ? Within three months' time you were to be married. "How 1 bless the day I came to see you, old fellow'. ■ be cried once, in the effusion of bis joy. “Now vbu shall complete your kindness by letting me stay with you "mil (he happy time. Of course I must go away for a hit to see about a house and that sort of tiling, but I mean to be here as much as I can. ” If I had followed' 1 my true impulse as he I should have cursed him and had bade him b.-gone; hut I was forced to re strain myself and tell him how welcome lie "as to make my house his homo as long as it phased him. Yet I felt I dare not stay "Oself and witness Ids happiness. That right, as I lay in bed, casting about lor ail excuse plausible enough to enable me tr leave my gne-t alone for th: next ""mth or two, 1 knew that in the depths my heart I hated Gerald Gordon—l him as the one who had stolen my lies hope from me—l hated him for bis a’liiiial spirits, his good looks, bis power of p.casiug and winning the affection of man, 'umiau or child; so different from me—l men hated him because 1 knew von would happy with him, for lie had all the Jpialities to make a home liappv—l hated "m as Cain hated Abel, and fJr the same eavm: had not his offering been accepted mme reject.ulAnil several days passed b. j-'* I '' l nay the tortures I endured seemed ■HMiAr; each day my hatred grew more in ,e.US'l'- a feverish sort of way I forced to langli and jest, and Gordon, with ' tners selfishness, never noticed now how I,!!* 1 .,' 1 - 11 A 111 ! manner was, or guessed how, '.’ tills time, I detested the sound of his ~J l the dear ring of his laugh. or even his '«T presence. " ‘ Bn- d 1 ? t ' ui, d. J’h-nses me more than I can . il< ; placidly remaiked one evening. ... ' l3 , **■ "'hat L once believed to he a fact as only a creation of tny own brain. I was lnt'r 11! ’i?Lt lie a rival of my old friend; f' jC ' r trmle herself assures me the only , that ever existed between you two lom,°' 1E! W 1 1U1C friendship. So I am happier a ji^i’t"^' 11 " " >ii dance at my w edding with Dance at his wedding 1 I would rather * u - on my mother's grave 1 n .'- v "''ftb there is one day in lj iiis ' "'hioli is solemn and sad to both lai.l'n . * *■' "i'" 11 the choicest (lowers are Ail iv' ' tum *b nrj "' growing grey with time. Miiiii!,'! K V 1 'V lfl V 1 ’ 3< f t ' vl| icli you spend alone, hire." “a 1 ‘"-" m hair and gazing on a minia 'mu' i s " ’f the love you bore another you 111 y° uv 'mart, upon that day fiu’i ‘l "Mr'’* 1 ' seemed to draw closer to me ‘"lioivoD-.!* 1 ' As y° iu ' e >' cs > wd with tliink““iV' "met mine, you think, linin' f, , i " ' s bom the same source— with “ I,JVO U!KI l'» for friendship.” And the """''my between us> ] | cllou , fcr "linn" \ l,ur heart grows nearer to "Wild v/.' V , se wlmt life might have been the truti, i' ? la,v,c erownetl it. Read now Th 1(1 ll,ite "m. ! poiit ('-L'' *' l st f° r a ie»g time I liail ; n\\-v b ' “ "jtb Lerald Gordon. You were hiice yi,' ' to some friends at a dis *nil L T Ah' r el- ,V a3 ,ille - though wintry, Wi„, . . uouUl ~ot enduro the long luted 1 s?, 15 ’ "I V lO soc <ety of the man I "nlki'ui. taking o ur guns and ' 1° ? 10 ol,ili t in the hope of blew, Vt '. e “"'ms. Gordon leapt at the "alkino " L„ •, to do a hit of hard e ’ he said, for three weeks I have only been love making, and that isn’t much exercise. I fancy my muscles must be glowing soft from want of using." As he spok lie held out an arm like an iron bar for me to feel. An hour's walk brought us to the coast; you know it well. For the distance of, per haps, two miles, runs a turf covered, almost perpendicular cliff; then it shelves away gradually, and one can easily get down to the water’s edge. Here was our destina tion. We intended to walk along the edge of the sea, shooting anything worth powder ■ and shot. The tide, when high, lashes the foot of the coast clifl’; 'when low, it leaves a strip .of sand uncovered. The rock of which the cliff is composed is of crumbling, unstable chalk, and has the habit of getting hollowed out under the surface leaving green cushions, firm enough in appearance, but apt to break away as the unwary foot presses them. A dangerous cliff it is, from the edge of which one shrinks instinctively. We walked briskly along the green sward; I was some paces in front of Gordon, not being much in the humor to listen to his inevitable rhapsodies on the one theme. As he followed, I could hear him singing a love song. It was Mexican, I believe, and picked up somewhere on his travels. Though the language was strange to me, the words sounded soft and musical, and the repetition of the passionate refrain almost maddened me, so well did I know to whom it was directed. Suddenly, the melody of the song changed to a sharp cry of despair—a cry that went through me like a knife—and, as I turned hastily round,, the rent at the edge of the treacherous green sward told its tale, even before I heard the horrible, hopeless, dull thud on the sand below. Believe me, when I say at that moment all thought of hatred and envy left me. Horror stricken, I threw myself at full length on the grass and crept to the edge of the cliff, looking for what I dreaded to see —his mangled body. The cliff at this spot over hung even more than usual, and it was with a feeling of hope I saw that Gordou'had fallen clear of the rock ami lay upon the sand. He was lying almost in a heap, and must have sustained fearful injuries; but ilead he was not, for I saw him, after mak ing a few piteous sttuggles, succeed in turn ing his face towards me. “Gerald,” I cried, “ are you much hurt ? For God’s sake try and answer me.” A faint voice—the ghost of his usual voice —replied. “ I have broken one arm and, I think, my thigh. Can you come down to me “ I cannot,” I said, “ without "(dug along the coast for a mile or more. I am going now to get ropes aud help. Try and bear up till I return.” And then, leaving my gun to mark the spot where he fell, I turned and, swiftly as 1 could, commenced running across country. I knew the part well. The nearest house was at least two miles away, so the poor fellow must lie in agony for some time before I could bring him the indispensable aid. With the remembrance of that helpless form lying on the sand before me, m.v thoughts were only how to rescue him with as little loss of time as possible, and for the first five minutes I ran at the top of my speed. Sheer exhaustion then compelled me to pause and draw breath, and as I moderated my pace the awful thought for the lirst time came to me. The tide! the tide! I remembered it Was rising —that it was about three-quarters Hood— that Gordon was lying very- near to the edge of the water, and I knew if I could not bear him aid before the sea covered that narrow strip of sand he was a dead man. And then the temptation began. Let no man say there is no devil, for I tell you in that moment the devil was with me. He brought your form witli all its beauty before me; yes, and with love for me shining in your eyes. He shaped the thought in my mind, “It is for her, who might love you, you are saving him. Is she not worth the sin?” And as the tempter prompted me, I said to myself, “ One half-hour’s delay; a rest by the way; a fancied inability to pro- 1 ceed further; a mist ike—so easy to make— in the road, and you were free once more and miuht yet he mine. The price was crime—Foss of honor, of self-respect, aud all peace of mind; hut, you might he mine, and what price was too heavy to pay for that.” And. as thought after thought, each like a devil from hell, came to me I leant against a gate; knowing as I did that every moment I lingered risked a man’s life. The sudden temptation, the commencement of the crime, the consequences to follow, the shame I felt, even then, bewildered me, aud for a time I was beside myself. I seemed in a dream; all around .lie was unreal; the air seemed full of honihle forms and sounds. How long I waited motionless I cannot tell— would that 1 knew !—it might have been moments, minutes, or hours. At last it seemed as though I woke, and as I turned and ran like one pursued by wuives, I fancied I heard the words, “ Too late ! too late !” shrieked after me in fiendish glee. As I ran I believe I even ceased to think, and fell utterly ex ! hausted at the door of the farmhouse, to which I mechanically directed my steps. In I broken sentences I told my tale —I begged the men to hurry down with the ropes—l ! oiiered large rewards should they reach the i coast in time to avert what I now shuddered to think might happen. They started with all possible despatch, and as soon as my strength returned tomel followed. Gertrude, how can I pen the rest? I reached the fatal spot just as the men*from the farm lowered one of their party over the edge of the clifl, and, as sick and dizzy I leant over, I saw beneath me the cruel waves dashing a dark form against the crueller rocks, and, as one of the Tnen turned to mo and said, “ Poor chap ! If wc had been a quarter of an hour before, wc might have saved him,” I knew that in the eye uf God I was as much a mur derer as the ruffian wlm drives his knife through the heart of his victim. Little wonder was it, as they bore his nerveless form to tire top of the cliff; as I saw that pale face, stained here and there with blood; the blue eyes yet open, and as I almost fancied seeking my .own, that I fell as one dead upon the grass and was borne away uuconsuious as the man I had foully slain. What more remains to be said' 'ion know the rest —how the illness that followed was attributed to the shock I had under gone and the exertions I had used to save mv friend. Jlow people praised my pre sence of mind in at once starting for assis tance. How you—even yon—wrote kind words to me—words that cut my heart like knives. Yet no one knew that with me night and day was the face of the dead, as I saw it ere I fell senseless on the cliff; that ever in my dreams I was running, it seemed to be from an image of you, aud that fearful things Were striving to stop me. Ho one knew how often I went'to the spot where Gordon fell, and timed, as nearly as I could, the rising waters, to ascertain if it were possible for a man to have compassed the distance and brought aid in time to save him. Alas, I only learnt I was a mur derei in act as well as thought! I gained the prize that tempted me—hut, at v'hal a cost. When, after some years, you gave me your hand I knew your heart could never he mine, hut lay in Gerald’s grave; I knew that the thing which at last induced you to accede to my repeated request was more the love you fancied I bore him than the love you felt for me. And so, at the price of a life’s remorse, I won a woman whose love, in life, could never he mine, and who, after death, must hate my memory. Ah. Gerald Gordon, slain by the waves at the bidding of your friend, just as the supreme joy of life was yours; your lot, after all, was happier than mine ! As she read the last words Gertrude Blake dropped the manuscript, and burying her lace in her bauds, cried, “ 0, why did lie tell me? Why did lie tell me? This is the worst of all to hear. Thank God I have no children in whose faces 1 may see murderer written.” Then, with hitter grief and hatred in her heart, she sat on and on through the weary night. And ever before her was the image of Gerald Gordon, u ith the hungry waters creeping round him, his poor maimed limbs battling iu vain struggles to keep his life until the delayed help And her face was stern and cold as she pictured it. If her husband’s hopes of heaven rested ou iter forgiveness, she felt she could not bring her lips to frame the words. She could scarcely credit the tale she had read, at times she fancied it must have been in a great part imagination,. But liis face, ever sad, even when others were gayest, came again and again to her miml, and she felt that strange saduess stamped the con ession with truth. Yet in all else he had been so noble, both in thought and in deed. He had loved her so; and now with his dreary secret bared before her, even through the bitterness of her mind passed the know ledge that he had been leading not only a life of remorse, but also of atonement, and as she grew more calm she fell at last into a troubled sleep with wet tears upon her lushes. And as she slept she dreamed. They stood before her, she thought: her first and only love, Gerald, and her husband. The latter, not the careworn prematurely old man of the past years, but young, gay and hand some as when he rode with Gerald to see her that morning in the winter. There was no sadness in his eyes now, and Gerald’s arm was round his neck:—“Sweet love,” she heard him whisper, “see, I have forgiven— cannot you likewise?” And then, striving to speak, she awoke. With the dream yet- lingering in her memory, she rose, and tearing the manu script to shreds, threw it upon the smoulder ing fire. When every vestigo of paper was consumed she sought her room, but as she passed the chamber of death, entered, and, bending over the pale, cold, placid face, kissed it, whispering, “I forgive, as I hope to be forgiven.” Tiik Em 