A FLYING VISIT TO THE SILVER MINES. - No. 1. [From a Special Correspondent.] In the summer of 1881 it fell to my lot to accompany a friend on a visit to the Barrier Ranges. At that time the quickest way of taking the trip was to go by rail to Terowie, and thence by vehicle across the North-Eastern country. Travelling by buggy it took us the greater part of four days to cover the distance, and I have a lively recollection of the misadventures which we encountered and of the fatigued condition we were in on reaching our destination. There were then no silver mines to attract the traveller and sustain his spirits amid the depressing influence of the never-ending stretches of monotonous saltbush. He had to go rivht on and console himself with the reflection that if there was no friendly inn to open its hospitable doors to him he could at least count upon a hearty welcome from any one of the station managers to whom he might appeal for accommodation. Every one knows what a marvellous transformation has been accomplished since then, and I am free to confess that the glowing reports of what silver has done for the Barrier inspired ~ie with a great longing to revisit the ccenes which before were so unattractive. It was therefore with delighted alacrity that a few days ago I accepted an invitation to go and witness the mighty changes which five years have wrought. Our party consisted of three Melbourne gentlemen connected with a leading mercantile firm in the sister colony, an Adelaide citizen — who proved to be a charming companion, as genial and popular as he w public spirited—and myself. Leaving the city by the 7.40 a.m. train we were soon jogging along at the sober pace affected by the noithern railways through the verdant fields which occupy the Adelaide plains. Tangible evidences of the gloiious season we were enjoying were eveiywhere visible. From the metropolis to Petersburg, and thence onward towards Cockbuin as far as agriculture! settlement has penetrated, the appearance of the crops is such as to justify the most sanguine hopes of the tillers of the soil, and to asBuie South Australians generally that a more prosperous era has dawned for them. In place? the growing corn is backward enough, but this is due not to any fault of the season, but to the fact that many a farmer who has lost heart by reason of hi 3 longcontinued reverses has, under the stimulus of bountiful rains, decided at a late hour to tempt fortune once more. Certain it is that this spring has witnessed the planting with wheat of an area much in excess of the acreage of any previous year, and the outlook is most promising. Nothing could be more charming: than the lopg succession of gentle slopes which form the chief feature in the landscape of the mid-North as seen from the train, covercd a? they are with their mantle of vivid green. The country beyond Petersburg to the North-Ea3t yields to none in the quiet beauty of its fruitful valleyB and gentle slopes; and Parliament and the Railway Department have conspired together to give the traveller ample time to feast his eyesnpon this pleasant prospect, for the progress of the train is very slow. For all that it iB not slow enough for the time-table, for at the stopping-places, of which there are some half a dozen or more, there are exasperating pauses, much longer than can possibly be required by the exigencies of traffic. Surely without risk to the railway, which, it must be borne in mind, has been strengthened since the Act fixing the rate of speed was passed, a journey of 145 iniles over a level track might be accomplished in less than nine hours. The permanent-way is so admirably laid, the carriages are so well appointed, the officials so universally polite, and the travelling altogether so comfortable that it seems a thousand pities that these expedients for killing time in this way should be resorted to. There !B no need to quote statistics to show how wonderfully the Teetulpa excitement has cooled down. The railway beyond Petersburg is fairly well patronised, but the eager crowds of fortunehunters downwards and the continuous stream of crestfallen diggers who have had no luck upwards are nowhere to be Been. Yunta is comparatively deserted, and a very few carriages even in thesa jubilee excursion times accommodate fill the traffic. Manuahill makes frantic efforts to maintain the importance it attained in the heyday of Teetulpa's prosperity, but it is only the ghost of its former self. A strange, weird sight meets the eye, and deafening noises greet the ear of the passenger as he arrives at the station, between half-past 8 and 9 o'clock at night. Near by in straggling order appear some half-dozen shanties, most of them of canvas, but one or two of galvanized iron, from the open entrances to which streams out a flood of light. An invitation to enter is lustily sounded on half a dozen bullock-bells wielded by as many stalwart women standing in the doorways. We make for the nearest, which turns out to be a licensed publichouse, and are regaled with roast mutton done to a turn and carved in hunks which would paralyse a pampered appetite, but are welcome enough to men made as hungry as hunters by long abstinence and the keen evening air. One powerful Hebe takes charge of the eatables, another of the liquors. In a defiant sort of way we are admonished to drink, the innocent teacup being flaunted in our faces as if it were a challenge to fight, while the laconic exclamation "Tea," delivered in pugilistic tones, is accompanied by a look which seems to say " Refuse at your peril." We shudder as we drink the cheering draught, and agree that it would not be pleasant experience to "rouse the dander" of our masculine hostess. Greatly refreshed by this timely repast, we take advantage of the opportunity—the first since leaving Adelaide—of procuring a flask of spirits for use in case of emergency ; and having taken a casual look over the little township, which consists of th shanties aforesaid, a modest station-house with a telegraph office (since opened to the public), and a large building for railway purposes in course of erection, we re-enter the carriage and doze away the three hours and a half which still remain of the train ride. The moon is now high in the heavens, and pours its lustrous beams upon the landscape, lending a sort of mild enchantment to the dreary Btretches of level plain clothed with saltbush through which we have to pass. And now we are at Cockburn—only Eome twenty minutes behind time—and speedily our belongings and ourselves are transferred to a buggy which the foresight of my companions has secured for us. For a momentortwowe glance around upon the slrange midnight scene which the railway has conjured up in what was so recently a wilderness. Hard by is the coach, already laden to its utmost capacity to the distress of some anxious travellers, who are trying in vain to obtain a seat, and who, as we afterwards find out, have to tramp the 20 miles to Silverton. Behind and on each side of ns are piles of coke and timber and iron for the mines. The lamp of the railway station sends out a flood of light, and we can see in the distance loaded drays and a host of little tenements, interspersed here and there with more pretentious edifices, chief among which is the engine-shed and railway store, built on the immediate confines of New South Wales. The township has progressed marvellously during the few months of its existence, but it i3 confidently predicted that the completion of the tramway to Broken Hiil will prove its deathknell. I am not at all of that opinion, for there is a certain , amount of traffic which must for a'long time to come have Cockburn for Lis centre, and while this is so it cannot be extinguished. Be this as it may, it is reaping a harvest now, and the fearful state of mud to which its highways and environs have been reduced bears witness to the business activity which prevails. SeeingthiBmud,andlearninghowtenacious it as we struggle to the buggy, we take counsel with the driver as to the prospects of the journey before us, and are not reassured by his emphatic declaration that the roads are next to impassable, and that for the first 4 miles we have to trust to light horses which are far from fresh. Under these depressing influences we set out, and it is not long before we discover that the driver has not overstated the case. The countiy is half under water, and the tracks have been mercilessly cut up by innumerable drays passing with heavy loads to and from the mines. We are no sooner out of one deep rut than we are into another. On we go, mostly at a walking pace, splashing amongst mud and mire, plungiug through sluggish rivulets, jolting over the hard spots, which are few and far between, moving wearily across stretches of stiff clammy clay, but happily moving onwards all the time. The road we are traversing goes by old Thackaringa, which the driver informs us iB shorter but on the whole heavier than the mail route by the new township. Every now and then we are assured by this same stolid personage, who somehow resents being called a Job's comforter, that the worst of the journey is still before us. Happily the gloomy announcement is tempered by the news that a clinking pair of horses awaits us at the Thackaringa Hotel, and that by hook or by crock we shall be landed at Silverton in advance of the coach. Presently we come upon a wagon high laden with coke, which proves to be the first of a long line of simiipr wagons on the way to the great rendezvous at Broken Hill. The teamsters are sleeping under a tarpaulin stretched across the shafts or pole of the vehicle, and from afar on the frosty night air comes the tinkle of the bells of the bullocks and horses which are taking tribute of the bushes in preparation for their weary march of the next day. Here and there an expiring fire sheds a sombre light around, but the Thackaringa plains are destitute of timber, and the carters have for the most part to be content with the caloric which Nature supplies. I cannot help thinking as we jog along of the marvellous contrast which this biting air, this half-submerged country, and these execrable tracks present to the state of affairs on my last trip past old Thackarioga, when under the fierce heat of an October sun, amid hurricanes of dust blown up from the level but pulverized surface of the same road, a friend and I pur sued our way towards the Barrier. Three miles from the Border we come upon two wagons with wheels firmly embedded in the earth. On them are the two boilers, each weighing some 10 tons, destined for the 80-ton smelters to be put up at Broken Hill. They have already been miny days in this position and in all probability another month must elapse before they can be released. How ardently the mine proprietors must long for the completion of the tramway, which will, it iB true, throw out of employment some scores of carters, but which will relieve Managers of the dire vexations and shareholders a great deal of the cost of the present uncertain means of transit. Much of the difficulty has arisen from the season having been phenomenally wet, but the cartage of thousands of tons of produce and material by horse and bullock dray cannot be regarded as more than a temporary arrangement. It is half-past 1 when we pull up at the Thackaringa Hotel, and while the driver is getting his jaded steeds replaced by the clinking pair upon which our hopes depend, we pass a comfortable half- hour in the inn parlour, where a glowiug wood fire burning on a wide old- fashioned hearth brings back the circulation to our benumbed limbs, and dainty meal of tea and choice bread and butter fortifies us internally for further conflicts with the outer air and the dismal roads. It is not necessary to recount at length the further adventures which befell us after leaving this welcome shelter. Our Jehu proved to be as good as his word not only as regards the road, which undoubtedly grew worse rather than better, but in the matter of the horses, which showed a spirit and strength beyond their size. They plunged through the pools, staggered over the slippery sidings, dragged the buggy through the gluey mire, trotted gaily along when the track allowed of their keeping their footing, mounted the slcpes of the Barrier Ranges (which look strangely dwarfed and unmountainlike as we approach them in the moonlight), dashed through the sleeping township of Umberumberka, and descending the hill beyond, floundered through the yielding mud of the main street of Silverton, and came to a stop amidst the liquid abominations of the yard of Tantram's Hotel. The journey of 20 miles had occupied close upon five honrs, but we had the satisfaction of knowing that the coach did not arrive until some two hours later. Such is travelling at the Barrier Ranges, and it may safely be inferred that people who are not willing and ready to rough it had better postpone for a time their trip to the silver mines. It is no part of my purpose to give a detailed account of the settlements which have sprung up like magic in the train of silver discovery or to report upon the mul titude of mines spread over the 1,200 square miles of Barrier country which have proved to be argentiferous. All this has been done with more or less explicitneBs by previous visitors, and to do it again anything like systematically would involve a stay on the field of at least as many weeks as we spent days there. Ours was in truth a flying visit, and not a tithe of the hundreds of properties known on the Exchange came under our notice. Arriving at Silverton a little before daybreak on Tuesday evening we spent the first few hoars in bed. On awaking we found our inn to be a house of some sixty or seventy rooms replete with every con venience and comfort, if not with every luxury to be met with in a first-class metropolitan hotel. The table was un exceptionable, the waiting good, the sleeping accommodation excellent, although strained beyond its capacity, and the provision for guests in the way of saloons, snicking - rooms, and billiard - rooms altogether admirable. Nor, as we afuer wards ascertained, is this the only hotel in the township that can be spoken of in terms of praise. There are drinkingplaces, licensed and unlicensed, which are a disgrace to the authorities, but visitors may confidently reckon upon being well attended to, especially if they take the precaution of ordering rooms beforehand We were told that there was a lull in the prosperity of Silverton, but there seemed to be no lack of business activity. It is, no doubt, true that the marvellous rate of progress which marked the early hutory of the township has been checked, but what has occurred is wonderful enough. Four or five years ago there was in sight nothing but one ugly stone house, which looked terribly lonely in the surrounding desolation. To-day the buildings are to be numbered by hundreds and the population by thousands. In Bourke' street and other thoroughfares there are several handsome stone edifices, and although the makeshift galvanized iron and matchboard still play an important part in the architecture of the place, there are in the fashionable residence quarter stone villas constructed with a keen eye to stability, and in some instances to elegance as well. Unhappily the wheels of municipal go vera merit drag heavily. There is a Corporation in existence, but it has been hankered in its operations by questions of validity and invalidity. The result is that the Municipal Council has done little or nothing to establish a title to public confidence, and even Bourke-street at the time of our visit was little better than a quagmire. All this, however, is to be changed. Drainage and street-making are to be proceeded with, and obedience to sanitary laws is to be enforced. It is only fair to the estimable Mayor, Mr. Baker, with his civic colleagues, to say that the season has been a most exceptional one. Dust, not mud, is the prevailing torment of Silverton, and it is not surprising that the continuous downpour of rain has taken the Council at unawares. It is further to be not. i that the town has not had the inspiring example of the Central Government to stimulate it to action. The silver mines settlements have, indeed, been treated with studied neglect. Their rich contributions to the revenue Customs duties and rents and licence-fees have been cheerfully absorbed, but their wants have been stoically ignored. The main work of the Executive Government devolves upon Mr. Wyman Brown, the Warden and Police Magistrate, who discharge 3 his numerous and onerous duties with a zeal, an intelligence, and an impartiality which have won for him universal confidence and respect. The roads and public works of the district are under the control of a Superintendent, who has to make a limited amount of money cover a very wide field. Then there are the local police, who now generally find the population law-abiding enough, but who aforetime, on the occasion of a great banquet or political demonstration, have had their authority set at nought. More than once, indeed, the Silvertonians have taken the bit between their teeth and Bet all restraints at defiance. It is not often that they have thua taken the law into their own hands, and with advancing age and with the blessing of municipal government have come increased soberness and self - control. Of course, the talk of the people is all of mining claims and minerals, of workings and suspensions and jumpings, of lead and silver and tin. Just now, indeed, it is more of tin than of anything else, for the reported richness of the Poolamacca Mines has carried their imagination captive, and the prospects of Euriowie and Caloola are eagerly and incessantly canvassed. This is not to be wondered at. for it is expected that the tin mines will pour their treasures fi.-at of all into the lap of Silverton, whence they will be borne by tramway to Adelaide or Port Pirie. It is felt tha the township needs some such fillip, for, - except for Umberumberka, which, by-t'ieway, is being worked with most encouraging results, Silverton has for the time being practically ceased to be the centre of a large traffic for the silver mines, and its trade has languished consequence. Everything, indeed, assuming a more and more prosaic character in the town. Time WPS when each day brought its special sensation. Either there was a new discovery more astounding than the last to talk about or some novelty in jumping to be discussed. Who in these degenerate days would think of jumping a Presbyterian Church for non-compliance with the residence conditions 1 Yet it iB on record that this was actually done in Silverton by a whimsical barman, who pegged out the ground upon which the building stood, and made formal application to be put in possession of it. He had to pay dearly for his little joke, for the matter-of-fact Warden decided againBt him, and not only inflicted a fine, but threw npon him the burden of costs, which was by no means light. The incident has given rise to endless merriment, but it belongs to a class of occurrences with which the staid Silverton-of to-day has nothing to do. 