"UN BAL DEMl-CAliEA115»' Br 0. G.FORLEY, ix Ail thb Yxab > > Round. ClIAPTEB I. Tba Marquis Alaia de U Trdmonllte wee -Stm-tii of liberal priuoiplf. Tbe descendant el one ot the oldest booses lo Fincf, wbqne auihhcre had Intermarried with the Concos ago BoOrbona, and bad thought it no great honour to call tbe kiog Ibetr oou«in. no ought to have boon a Legitimist. He wa« — ny thing ; Orloaniot, Republican, Imperialist, lirpi.hlicaD again. He rerved every party that would giro bim a portfolio and a 3»ntiun. in rolum far tbo ornamonial ueo of ilia aiioicut title. Uo baa been Minister of Stan, for almoat evrrytbing ; ond ao to wai irat artiolly ignorant of all tbe nubjuots enti anted to him, it cannot bo eaid that he lailoi more oonspiouoaaly in one o»p»oity than another. Finally, bo took to diplomiioy, .ftno wee appointed Ambassador to a South Amraioan -tato, where bo distinguished talm- -cclf greatly, being tba very pink ot courtesy, and a Past Uaetcr in tbo art of evasion. It wan wbila be was Minietor of Flno Arte ' at I noado his acquainlanoo. Ho profeareJ >to think it hia offioia! duty to patromae journalism, and so lavaabed a great deal ot <«-u c ey on. Rr5r6 Mlobonueeu, and somewhat .'lof- :n rue, Gicirges Froidevaoz, bis com ?pr on the stall of tbe 'Journal db Toot Jr Hondo.' As ' Evorybody'e Journal' wis not, unfortunately, so well supported by everybody es its proprietors could have desired, 1 was both surprised and flattered '.J the Minis r-r's civility, till Miehonneau ex plained tbe ooueo of It aooording to bie oyi ioal views of men and their motives. 'Mnneieur de la Trdmouille,' paid he, 1 la, like' maDy- offisial domoorals, a dcepot in private lilo. He thinks Ihot in his t.'hflteBU, \- -n-d for twenty miles around, ho should rule aw supreme bb bis anooetore did in the middle wjer. Thai might be poaaibls, if bo owned t(,u land bis fatbors tbon posseesod ; but, being a gambler, and tbe deaoondaDt of three generations of gamblrre, very little of it is leleto'him; and ho bates those .who bavo Bought any portion of bis domain an heartily eii' tiioy hid stolen it. My father, who was steward to tba late marquis, was loolisb enough to purohaso somo laDd nearly adjoin ing tbe Cmtio/and thereby inour tbo wrath of 3d. de la Tifunouille, who more than hinted :4hat ho had gainod tbe means of acquiring a:i estate by cbeating bin employer. By way of retort, my father closed a path that Jed from tbo Chateau to the nearest town, <dircoS!y across his property. Tbo Mtrqais claimed a right-of-way, and eo they raised -coo of thoao groat quarrels ovor little matters, whioh often form . tbo solo cxoile- anent in the monotonoue livoe of oouutry people. My father likce quarrelling ; bo enjoys it ; it braces his nerves. Ha bad eHiseusiuna not only with tho Marquis, taut with all bis neighbours, till, at last, there was no one Irft to fighl with ; then, .finally, he quarrelled with me. I left his Sronee, earns to Faris, booamo a jonrnalist, wind allot undergoing tho requisite initiation an. tbo ait uf starving, began to earn my Jiving, Hero I mot thu Morquio de la IfL'rAmouille, who took mo up, invited me fto his houso, made muoh of me — not be- «auao bo liked nm, or oared for literaturn, But boasueo he bated my father, and know ano to bo on bad terms with him. That 5<i the real foundation of his friendship fcr mi ; picture to yourself how highly I value it.' 4 Bat you profess to aare for it,' I said, 4 Yon frequent thu Hotel i rdmouille j you go to bis oiiioial receptions ; yen talk in your moat brilliant style to his uninturest- iit'g guoo e ; yna even echo bi« opinions — expressing them better than bo oan him- SBslf— In ;bo journal. What does t> ul mian ?' MioLonnenu smiiod. 'Ah, that's dil Jerent,' ho answered; 'there are reasons,; very good reasons. Are you so . dull tbat jyou canuot comprehend tbcm ?' \- I did oomprohend. My friend's reasons' were comprised in one personality — that of Charlotte de la TidtnoniUo, tbo Marquis'a "beautiful daughter. ' Bane, you aro mad !' I exclaimed. ' To let yourself lovo Mudtinolsello do la Trd< mcuillo isihe heigin of fully. You are only Jsyir.g up sorrow for yourself, and psrbaps, lor her also. You do not imagino that bor iadicr would lot her marry you— a bourgeois, a Bohemian, a journalist I' ' I do not imagine it. I know ho wonld forbid euoh a thing in that grand manner which is tho oniyjgood quality tho anaient regime hue transmitted to him ; bat not bcoauso I am all that you say. Ho ; I oan 'viotaro bim pronouuoiug a paternal' benr.- dioUonrn mo in tbo same ebaiming style ; and' speaking eloquently of the destruction «l o'asto prejudices j tile roatmptiou of errant man through that beautiful nistitu- 'tiou. tho domsstio hearth, uud the union of !atik . and letters— as all exemplified in my. marriego with his daughter— il I were rich enough. My poverty is my sole, but suffl "ciont demerit. For M. le Marquia is liberal .|j other things than politics, Ele'spont bis own inborituuoa with tho' most rookies liberality, tbnn showed hia Buporiority to riqial distinctions by bostowing his aoronot cn'.ifuzranu L-vi, whose pedigree is daub:- loss iongor than bis' own, but whose i-ioomo was. large'y derived from u successful gtmhliog cstablithinc .t. It. was a largo . Income, but net ODough tor tho Marquis, who Anally sold his ulaim to it for an Immense rum. This, too, lie bus spent, and l.< again in debt. He has but one possession I f c to eel! — hit daughter — aod she must go to the man vho ouu pay most lor bor. ' You ore aware of ail this,' I oried, when ho paused in his coornful abarnotarisotion o! tbe Moiquis, 1 and yet, knowing that your passion la hopeless, you tako every oppor tunity of indulging and. increasing it !' What . does that matter T;hc retorted, : dropping his listless ions. and speaking with »U, tho. intensity of the South from whiob. ho rcamo. 'Dors ono ask oneself, whoa one begins to lovo a woman, it .one baa' shy -obauoe of marrying? ion may ; I do not. I know tbat to be near her is buppineas, to he spirt from ber is misery ; I know that I wonld saorifioe anything, .avarythiug, to ba loved by her agaiD, I take my joy wbila ; I oan get it j 1 aoize it the . more engeily beosueu I know it can last but a short time; and I trust tbo fntnro and ils ohanaoB to -rrovidcuoH.' , < ' And if Mademoiselle de ls Tidmouillc loves you, bow will it afloct her ? Is it fair to wiu a woman's love if you oan only -break her heait by it 1 . You admit that yen cannot marry ber. Women, of bee station 1 and beauty are not permitted to » ooiflo : Biintc Catherine." Tbe resblt will bu that .While ber heart i> yours, she will beaome tbo wife of seme man to wbo»> she is, at beat. Indifferent.' . \- 'Women of ber beauty and station, mon. .ami, are not permitted to rnairy fur love. Ho one will know boar indifferent sho is (o, film better than her hatband,. This is not . my s flair. . and I do not see .why I should C saorifioe the little happiness 1 oan now \- seen r c for the sake of a pertonsee who 19 still in tbo mists cf futurity, and whom when he appears, I shall detest with all my .heart.- ii it Do yon think M. do la Ttdmonllie krotvs ot your passion for Mademoiselle Charlotte V ' 'X aeked after a pause, giving up my uioteis contention, ' Who knows V answered Miehonneau, aarele-sly. ' Who oau till what the marquis , knows? His skill in ccr.otaling his knowledge ' '-Is nntarpssred, oven by his skill in ecncetling 'Jbia ignoranco. If be is corsoieus of tho love "between ns— for I will admit to yon that '.Cbsrlotte does not forbid my sffcotion— he . does not yet think it ncosseary to olieek it, .i'aiol having yet erlecled his daughter's bus- band Meanwhile I am of use lo bicu in . -pnbilsbing opinions In harmony with his ''4>wn— not to speak of giving him ono or two Ideas on Iho eubj.ot ba It -apposed to 1 ansnage — and my adeotidn for Mademoiselle "'-eeourte my allegiance.' 4 Do you think, then, that ba playo with \- bladsqghter'e heart for bis own ends?' . Not he I M. lo Marquie pluja with noth- Ing; be makes use of all thinus, bis daughter 'Inelnded. Wben she pan be employed to 1 better purposes than is served by keeping a '.jioor sorikb'cr In bis . train, I shsli bo flls» ,-imisrad in .romo urfcrftcP manrrr, tbe mt'nre cf which I trust (Etireiy . to M. do-fa ' " Xtdihcnille'a well-known frgenuity.' Yet I think S£n6 fu abptepatcd for tbe disagreeaoie form tbat logsnuity t" Itke. In the first plaoe there appesrsd at tbe Hotel Trdmooille a certain Vioomte de Bois- joly, who, it soon appeared, sought tbs band ol Mademoiselle Charlotte. Ho was as nearly a nobody ae a man with a litlo could bo, for his father bad begnn life as Jean Joiiboia, bricklayer, aod did not display, eithor in looks or msnner, any striking illaiiration of tbe dignity oflabcu. Bntthc brioklsyvr had become n contractor, lied made millions, and by jndioionrly trinsposiog tbo ByllableR of bis family name, bad made it fit to hear with seemlinesa the title his wealth purohB'cd for him His son, the Vlojmto 's if red, was B very fine specimen ot unmanly manhood, under-sized, iusignifioaut, cowardly, inospabie of oven an amusement that mado any strain on conragc and endurance ; yet be was thought to be a fitting husband for prond Charlotte de la Tu'j nonille. with tbo besaty sbo had inherited from a long lino of -noblo anacetuie enriched by tbo mother's Oriental grace. ho soorned Boisjoly, and swors to F6od (as be told me) tnat sho would never yield to bor father's oommauda ; and it is true tbat the marquis was not able to announoe — to bis creditors and others — the betrothal that was to save him from rain, as soon as be desired. 'If this wero any other onnntry than France I wonld aarry her off and make ber mine,' oried Miobonneaa, In paHsionate despair ; 1 bat oar laws are made to suit the tyranDy of snob parents aa M. do la Tid- mouille, and I osnuol marry her without her fathiVs oonrent,' Ho was in a very exasperated mood, my p or Iter.d, maddened with the thought of the woman be loved being given to a man sbe bated. All the oynioal ooolnesa with wbioh be had intend d to view tbo apca'aoie had vanished, and his anger, wbioh was roudy lo display Itaxlf in irritation against anyone, made him an easy tool in tho marqaia's skiiiul hands. At thiB time the Government was being muoh abu,ed for its foreign policy, wbioh Bomn condemned as rash, aud others ne timorous. At ono of M. de Is Trd muuilio's cfiieial rsouptioDs, Rf i was. defending this, not perhaps from coriviotion, bnt from a wish to please hie host, who pre anmably thought the polioy wise and right. ' Tho marquis stood listening with a pleasant smilo, as tboso around heard in eilenoe, if Dot with conviction, Mlohounean'e passionate, and, indeed, olever arguments; bat wboD these were finished, be tarned lo one of the bystanders and said : 'And yen, M, Basalt, what do yon think at all this ?' I thought — it might be only fanoy — that a glanoe expressing a seoret understanding passed between oar host and Enault, the editor of ' L'Avenir,' as ho replied in a slow, dtuv/Hug aooi nt, wbioh I knew to be enough of itsi lf to aucoy my friend : ' With all defcronoo to M. le Marquis, who doubtless approves tba uation of bis ool leagues, I .oonsidcr'the polioy wbioh expouds millions of franoa on arms which muy never be used, to bo foolish and impendent ; and i bold tbat everyoao who expresses approval ol it must be eilbora traitor to thatrne interests of his country, or ignorant what theao are.' ' Monsieur,' oried lWntf,' 'I approve of the priioy.' Eiianlt shrugged bis shoulders. 'You have already mado that clear,' he answered, 'I can only say — so ronota the worioforyon, and, psihapB also, so muoh tho worse lor the Government,' This slight on bis litorery capacity tooohed R6t(S lo thu quick. Ho was intensely sensitive ; intensely ambitions. 1 You iiieuit me 1' he exolalmed. ' Do you take the truth es an insult?' returned Iho other, with a i.ncor, 'J'he foot was that Enault was joalous of my friend, who was rapidly advsnoing to the first rank of journalism ; and he wsb well content to quarrel with liim on his own account, even if he had not obliged tbe Minister by doing eo. To Euault's last epoeoh there aoald be bat one sequel. A meeting wae arranged, and they fonght. Tbo editor of 1 L'Avonir' was one of the beet shots in. Paris. Doubtless tho Marquis oxpeatcd that Miehonneau, now beoome an inenmbranoo to him, would fall ; and, oven if ho wore not killed, would be laid aside for a sufficiently lung time to enable bim to marry hia daughter to the Yioomte do lioiejuly, Tho result, bowover, was veiy diflerout. Euauit missed ; while lie c, nervous, exoited, and unskilled in the use of tbo pistol thoagh ho wts, sent a ball through bis opponent's heart. This nooidout, howevor, played M. do la T.-u-nouillc's game as well as uny other ; and I uo not supoosc that a man of his rank, the inheritor of lucdlioval Ideas on the value of human life in creatures of a ltwer caste, cared niuuh wbioh more journalist was killed to suit bis oonvouienoo. For in any ea-o Miehonneau was got rid of, Duelling was to bo severely punished in our model now Ktpublio; nnd we bad to make hasto in smuggling the victor over the Belgian frcDtir r in order to bavo him from at Icaet a loDg lumu ui iujpfieuuujcae. Ho still wbi'ktd for the journal, end 1 wrote to hiul. regulaily ; but I uurilully abstained from speuking of Mademoiselle dr la 'iiumoolllo, bopiug that the misorablf aliair in wbioh he had just been oonoerued would in eonte degree have effaced this foolish passion from his mind. It appeared to havo dono so, for Mfohonnean mads no inquiry after Iho miuieter or any of hie oonnootiono. . Tbe duel, had taken plaaa in early winter. At thu beginning of Maich it was evident that it had played its part in the aohi mes of ibe Maiquis ; Iho betrothal of Madsmnisslli' Charlotte to tiie Vioomte de Boisjoly was announaed to tbe world: Tbe wedding »»» to take plaoe at Easter. Mnnnwhile the pnor little Yioomte 'might bo seen everywhere In attenddhoo cu his bride' and her parents, ol wbdih bu seemed to bo more or less afraid, though in other society , of a more ignoble kind, he was confident and presuming enough Madomoieello do la Tiomnuillo looked prouder than ever, and more beautiful also ; hut the aharactcr uf ber beauty was changed All tba vivaoity of girlhood was gone from It ; ono would havo said r.vcn that the bloom ot youth had disappeared from bor com plexion ; sho lacked already like a mature woman of the world. Aud yet her pride covered unly a bitterness that well nigh apprusohed humility, as I found on tDe occasion when I ventured to effer her my congratulations. Sho lietcDCd in silence to my civil phrases, whilo ber grcpt dark oyca lockod cloudily into mine, as ii lo decipher how muph truth lay beneath my wcrde. How she n ed me I cannot s»y ; hat when I hud finished my oommorpiaoe remarks, aud wus turning away, sho atoppod me, and with lips that trembltd, forced herself to say a few words : 'Understand, M. Froidovaux— for I wish —yon— to knew. the truth— that my father's honour iu Involved io my marriage. He has entrusted the preiervatlun. of'it to mo, and I' must cot prove unequal to tho task,' I knew the measage ivss meant for another than myself, and therefore dared to answer it frankly. ' " . 'Mademoiselle,' I said, 'I, hold thai a man has no alaitn to possess honour who cauuoi kutp it intaot without aid from auoibtr, oven bit own child.' Sho fiosbed slightly, and I- thought tbs s'ghed. 'Yon are right, perhaps; bnt a child cannot say that to a parent, mnat not even think it-of him,' Ibiaitatcd about forwarding this meage to Miehonneau, and Anally decided tu eupproas it. But I o uld not sappree- the newspapers, wbioh oonvt-yrd to my friend all he nicded to koow— that Charlotte wse about lo be married. True ho had foresseu thi- marriuge, had even propoerled bie own dismissal ; but it was none the lets a shook, when his- predictions were so speedily fulfilled. I did indeed hope that bo had taken It calmly, for iu his letters to me he made no mention of it ; but I was soon to be andcoeived. I was in the Bots one day, wa'ching the passera by languidly, while I meditated an article tor next wuk'sistuu of 'Le Jcurnal de Tout is Monde,' when I saw approaching a riding party of three ptrrona — Madcmoi tollo (lo la Tiumontlle, accompanied by her father and her lover. Thc-y wero going at a walking piee, so that 1 eoold obseivo tbcm oloiely. The Msrqnls looked at ibcic around and occaHcnady Lowed :o an aoi>aatD(BMi?M with rt«m;innw ctrt.i prol»'Wf»»l and yet benevolent self satiafao'.ion ; his daughter, thoogh the hold hot reina loosely and gazsJ absently in front ot her,, sat haughtily upright ; while Boisjoly started nervously at every motion of bis horse's head, and seemed painfoily oonsoioni of tbe inseoority ot bie position, Bnddooly, when they were abont half a dozen yards from mo, I taw Charlotte start and turn pate. She gave her horse a hasty out with tbo whip, and in a moment bad passed me liko a flash of lightning, while her father hastened to overtake her, and Boisjoly, whose horso had broken sympathetically into a cai.ter, joggled unsteadily behind. Turning to tho point where the ohaDge in the girl's demeanonr bad taken place, I saw B6cd Miohonneau. H'j was standing behind a group of people, and nse helf-biddon also by a ireo ; but I could see hia faco turnod eagerly in tbe direction in wbioh tbo woman he loved was disappearing, and on it I read an intense yearning, mingled with a Bad rcprosob, and yr-t more pititnl triumph. I hurried np to bim. ' K<Sc<5, what are yon doing here ?' I exol'iimed. It 1b madneea to rnn euoh a riok !' Uo took oo notioe of my question, thoagh ha teemed to fool some pleasure at meeting me, end kept my bend in a aonvahivo prorturo, . I- it trna ?' ho demanded. ' What are you speaking of ?' I asked iu return. ' la it trne that she is to marry this Boisjoly, this pleoo of glided mnd ? Is ho tho idol to wbioh Charlotte is to bo tacrifiotd7 ' Say rather that he ia tbo prteBl by whom tho saorifioe ia performed. Tbs viotim id ofiorod op to bor lather's prido, poverty, and solfiBhncss. Bat why do you lako it so bitterly ? You know long ago that this roust be; you yourself foretold II.' ' Yea, but I did not, oould not, foretell how intolerable it would be to mo. And to her, tool Sho scorned numbed with misery when sho passed me; and when ohs caught a glimpse of my face, how pale ehe grew 1 It is a sin tbat she should be eacrificd i 1 will sec her again. I will beeoeoh her to oomo to mo,' 'Do not speak eo loudly I' I entreated; 'do not attract attention! If yon are seen and rooogniscd, yon know what the result mast be. And do not try to seo Madomoieslle do la Trdmonillo, She is resigned lo bor fato ; she feele thot dmy demands ol hot this sacrifice of herself. Yon oan offer hor no better destiDy than tbat wbioh lion botore bor. Without hor father's couBont — ooaltainablo. aa yon know — she oannot be your wife. Leave her thon to ench poaoe ae olio oan find. Do not make ber fate hardor than It needs ho.' ' I muet seo hor — I will see her,' ha re peated with Bet tooth. ' But do not fear that I will oompromiso yon by letting anyone seo me iu yonr sooioly. Take no thought ofime. I must go my owo way at any risk. Yon shall not boo me again till the objsat for which I have oomo to Paris is attained.' Aud boforo I had time to reply, he bad left me, and was bidden by the Bhifling groups of loungers. OjIAI'TKD II, I did not see Miohonneau, ae I had oxpeoted to <lo, in any of the haunts we journalists affoat, although there, among friends and fellow woikers, bo wonld have been safo from the hands of the law. Indeed, he ran llttlo risk if tho Marquis do Is Ttemnuillc bad hot soon him tvhon hiB daughter did ; but there was no doubt that, it tbo Minister had reoognisod him. bo would usoaDy moans, fair or foul, to kocp him out of the way till Chai lotto's marriage waB nocomplialied. I worried myself thinking of tho com- plications my friend's prceonoo might bring about at this juno'nre ; and f oould foresee nothing but trouble to bimBolf, and porsibly to ilio unfortunate girl bb well. I think it was my (iitoompoeure that made mo so ready to indulgo just then in dissipations, wbioh, aB a ruio, 1 detested. Tho Insoluble conun drum of Miohunncau's fuiuro troubled moeo persistently, when I wan not oooupied with my work, that I was glad to tako refugo from it in any plaoo where I oould find noise, light and onlonr. I wan thankful for tho festival of Mi Caidmo, which oime jott thon to break tho ohastuned gloom of a Parisian Lent, or at toast to give special txonse for soma outbnrot of Bohemian jollity. Bo, one night I went to a masked ball. I left tho poaoe ol tho spring night, tbe silence in whiob, out ia tho half-built sub urb wbero I lived, ono seemed almost to hear tho troos bursting into hud and leaf through tbeir hard and gnarled branobo», and to iohale, ae in a dream ol tho oonntry, the feint pcrfumo of some bravo violet that had not jut fled from the approach of man, I lolt thoro to listen to tho harsh clanging ol duiou-musio, and tho still worso discord- soon ot soulless, mirthless laughter ; for tho glare cf gas, so yellow aa to hido tho lack ol Ireshcosa in tho gaudy, faioial costumes, and in tho faoeB — nut unu ol them bright or innooeut-loohing, though many of tbcm were young — wbioh smiiod, and iedred, Dnd frowned, now bononth a cilkcn mask, and again, hidden by only tho almost equally complete prateo.ion of paint and powder and uatural duplicity. I iiatod tbo scone — will ycu believe lhia of a Parisian jouruulist 1 — though I was present -ait It of my own free will. Nevertheless it was, after ltd fashion, bright and gay enough, I let. my imagination wandor with my oyea, and taking aaraps of overboard conversation for a ground wore, muds a history for oooh bright-olothed figure that passed mo. Tate, for example, -that olown and the dolumbice who leant on hie arm. I felt his figure to be dimly familiar. - I fanoied that oould I see him in some other dresB than tho scarlet and white of a Piorrot, and undis guised by tbe white paint and vermilion triangles on hie face, I Bhould know him for id acquaintance ; bnt in his marquernde ooftnoio I failed to recognise him. Hie ooinpuolon wbb a pretty, though bo,d- looking girl, who wore- no mask to hido a f»ca ' that -was apparently well! known . to mauy present, The two paused fot a mluute in a whirling galop, and stopped lo rest near' tho corner wherol was standing. . ' I suppose,' said the girl, ' that this will be yonr 'lest danoo at a Mi-Oareme bal oootnmo, .Monsieur, By thiB timo next year you will , bo a staid husband, who will frown at Ibo mimory of theBe follies of past days.' i ! Not I, ma hollo. It is not written in the marriage 'service that a -man should be ttisto for iho rest of hia days. To marry is a'daty to sooiety, and one always takes such duties lightly. To ba happy is a duty to oneself, and ie therefore to bo etriaiiy performed, 1 shall uot tail in it.' 'Ah I the future Madame la Yioomlcsse will bavo a voico in deaidlDg wherein your happloose shall lie.1 ' Not muoh. Madomoiaelie do la Tre raouille seeks neither her own happiueaB nor miuu in beccm-Dg my wife, and will, therefore, make no iffort to control my search for it after l am her husband.' The oluo 'to the Identity of the Pierrot, whiob I bad hitherto fallod to oaloh, .was given me by this last remark. It wes Bois- joljJ 1 ' So you ray now,' answered bie oom<- panlon, hastily t ' but bolleva me, -after she is married, a woman olaims rights oven whilo she ri fuses ptiviiigos. Yonr wife may do nothing to reoouoile you to married lifo ;.hot, -novortholees, eho wi'l obj-ot to yonr oontlouing the habits of your baohelor life, and yon will have to submit to her wiahoB.' ' You ere wrorg. I promieo yon that tho ovont will prove it. I wiil wagor a diamond bronoh against Iho knot of ribbons on your shoulder that next year at' a Ml-Csromo bull, I shall be as ready aa I am to-nHht to lead tbo coiillon with you. Wiil you take the wegrr?' ' Not unless tho stakes ore placed in my bands at once,' returned the girl with n light laugh ' But do not let us stand still any longer, Tho musio gets quicker as the end ol the danoe approuohca. We have time for cno more tutu before it etope,' They whirled sway from my right, end I tiird to pot them from my memory also, in a moment I tuccaidcd, for try rye fell on » figure dreasid as a brigand — a Fra Dl-volo zilh locg cloak, peaked broad, brimmed hat, and a mesa that did more than protend tn ocuctsi tii" l»cs below. Bus i kuew vue mas too well mot to recognise who it was that was loujging abont the ball-room, keeping, in ul bis wandorings, his eyes steadily fixed fin the entrance. I went np to him hastily. ' Hone, I ex claimed in a.troubled wbieper,' ' why are you hers ? Bo yon know what a risk yon run ?' ' , 4 Froidovaoi, ia it you ? he answered, with some Irrialion in hia tone. ' I thought you wero too 'grave to visit suoh a toene. Bnt since I htvo met yon I will aek your help, for, aB yon will believe, I do not wish to show myaill more IhBn ia neooseaO1 Kct-pnear tbe'door and watoh for a tall 'ady in a blue domino. . When sho comes. addroiB her — she will know your volco, and she is aware that yon are my friend — and bring her to mo. I shall be in tho aloovs at tho end of tho salle.' _ 1 Do you mean that Mademoiselle ? ' Hush I do not mention her ncms boro. Yea, she has premised to meet mo onoo more ; and wo fit Bafer from detection here than in themoel deserted spot in Paris, There ia no solitude liko that of a orowd-' I doubted this last proposition, but I bad no opportunity of disputing it, tor Miohonneau turned and laftmo, and I had no alternative but to repair to tho post he assigned to me. I removed my mask, having no reason ol my own to fear recognition, end eo simplified tho task of winning tho oonfidenoc of Mademoirello do la Xidmouille when at last she appeared. I felt her hand tromble ae it lay on my arm, while I led her op tho room. It was not etrauge that she should be afraid. It was long past midnight, and this ball wae a piece whion women of her station aro not sup poecd to visit, ner parents and hor betrothed believed her to be ealeepin her own chamber, while she was etoeling oat masked and die gulced to meet a forbidden lover Miobonneaa saw hor agitation and wae angered by it — everything angered him now, pbor follow t ' You seem distressed, Mademoiselle, ne said, as bo took bor band. 'Can yon wonder?' she answered, 4 It ie the height ot folly in me to oomo here to meet you.' ' Yet It is not the first — no, nor the tenth time, thai you bavr left your father's house alter nightfall to keep a rendezvous with me.' ' No, but formerly it was different. I en dangered no one bnt myself, and I evon wished sometimes that I oonld ba dieooverod, for thon my father would have fait com pelled to giva mo to yon. But now ! You know how I am placed, I am within a few weeks of my marriage — a marriage whiob is loieed upon ma, yet from wnion 1 dare not wish to esoapo. On its taking plaoo my father's honour and oredit depend. Any ohanoo might bting the knowledge of what I havo ventured to-night to tho ears of M. de Bci-joly. Thin what oonld I expect bnt that ho would refnso to make mo hie wifo, aB hold ing me nnfil 1j keep hienamo above scandal. And if bo explained bie reasons Ah 1' She stopped abruptly, and barely sup pressed a scream, lor' Boi Joly,. paBsiog by the aloovo, had glanced at ils oooopaots, and disentangling himself from the oiingiDg graBp ot hiB oolumbiiie, had aoibe forward and laid hie hand on the bine domino's arm. 4 Mademoiselle do la Trdmouillo, do 1 eco yon hero— yon ?' he asked In a low, but lorious volco. She trsmbL.d so that she oonld soaroely speak, ' Yon reoogoise me 1' sho faltered. 'Yes,' ho replied. 4 Yonr. dlsguiEO is admirable, and Bufiioient for tho world in general ; but tho man who meant lo marry you in a forinight is, as ho ought to bo, abl» to rooogniBo yon under any mask— oven that of ingenue, which yon havo hitherto worn.' Miohonnoaa interposed. ' Whatever rela tion tliiu lady may buar to you in fuiuro, remombEr that she is fpr the moment under nzy protection, end that whoever falls to address hor with reaped must answer for it to mo.' 4 1 have no donbt,' Said Boisjoly, ' that I shall bo better nblo to reply lo youi demands than yon will be to answer mine.' 4 The means of settling all quoetions .is easily obtained, nor need we waste much lime in argument.' ' Ob 1 what do yon moan ?' cried fue frightsnod girl. ' Madomciisollo, this is not a place for, you,' said her betrothed, lotting the question pass ; 4 ullcw mo to conduct yon to yonr oarriago,' Again Miohonneau interposed with his now cbaraolcriitio neodieae pctnlaooo. ' Aa Mademoiselle cams here to meot inl and not M. do Boisjoly, I claim (bo privi- lego of being hcr'esoort.' Charlotte gazsd dorp- iiringiy froul on- to the other. As the rivals had already quitu scfiiciont cause of quarrol to BUtiety belli gorcDt souls, I thought I might venture to nuke come attempt at calming this petty difference, und offered my oorvicce for tbs trivial task. Mademoiselle da la Trdmonillo aeoeptcd my offered arm, aud turned Irom fiiiod with nut farewell. To Boisjoly ehe said in a trembling voice: My father and. mothor ktiuw nothing of thiB lolly of mlno. It it fas possible, spare them.' The Yiaomto bowed, 1 1 trust to nrrang- liiis affair in suoh a manner ns to income mode neithor yon, nor- yonr family. In any oase you may ba 'anro that 1 know how to respeot the honour of a noblo name.' Hhe must have known that any possible 'Brrangomcnt' mast involve danger lo ber lover, yet she walked away without ovoa a glanoe at the mail whum love for her had brought to such grevious peril, Shu' h&d; risked muoh for Miohonuean, hot sho ua:c<l most for herself after all. - Il ia trno, ho waver, that she asked ma in a whi-por, as I placed her in nue ol ihe fiiercs thai wero waiting nntsido, 'Must they fighl ? 1 1 four it oannot be prevented,' 4 Try to do eo,' sho implored. ' Besceoh them for my Bake, to part in peace.' ' I promised to, comply with her request, though I kuew it to bo hopolesn ; and, indent), whon I returned to 'the ball-room neither R6m5 nor Boisjoly was to ba ec-en. I looked around for them, but vainly, and though I inked the columbine, who had boon Uois- joiy's partner, if eho know, where bo had gone, Bbo oonld give mo no information. M, le Ficrrot had left hor voiy abruptly, vory rudely; oh: bad no fnrthor interest. in him, And aha addod, with a glut: do that was meant to bo bewitching, 'Aslbuih our aompanione teem to bavo dosertcil us, monsieur, shall ws not aonsole each oilier?1 I turned away impatiently and left the plaoe, troubled and irritated 'in mind. Nothing aeemod loft lor me but to go homo, for f knew not where to seek tbe rival idvere, and I wholly despaired of inflncnolsg either of them, even if I could find them. I walked along, gloomily revolviog tho possible Issue ol Miohonneau V mad lovo, uniil, bb the night faded into gray, and the spring morniDg dawned ohill and draped in mist, Iho speoial qneBlion in my mind seemed to loro its aharpneea of ontline, and blond vegncly with the alond of sorrow and wrong, whloh I felt to bo overhanging Iho | great Biespi- g oily. I lived, as I havo said, | in ona of too unfinished eubntbs— a poor I ono, whiuli would never be oooupii d by auy j but workmen, tradesmen of tho poorer , alass, and an ocousional straggling writer : like myself. Tho blooks of hoasos; cxpori- meats of Bpconlative builders, locmrdgauut and Epaetral through, tbo mist '; tbsy might have boen tho rains of past ages iustoad ot tbs barely finished erections of yesterday, as tbsy wailed till a connecting row ot build Inga should link them together. Between tbem lay fields— desolate fields, which the olty had invaded and taken pocaesBioh of, as being convenient epols in whioh to esst refute, or store Iho brioke and stones ot future walls ; but whtre newly-mated hiidr s'.ill oIuDg to the homsB they had built in thoir hereditary trees, and familiar flotveru mado bravo efforts to bloom, in -spite of the . surrounding smcko and grime. These fields Blv.ayo Btruck me with a poouliar foiling of depression ; they wero gloomier to me than Iho loneliest country lano. A. -.brooding sadness ectnied to overhang them, as if thi-y wsio haunted by the propholio ghosts cf the inmates ot tho dwellings Ibal were to arise npon them. The very ory of a bird, fco oarly disturbed in its nest, seemed to w> fretful ear to havo a human aonnd. Was It hot a human oty ? I : heard it agaio, this lima it roamed to articulate Help me, for Heaven's sake,' I thought il raiu ; sou at the sairc mcnu-nt 1 s»w »- I strained my eyes to pierce the ®rn,S mis , a figure running towards me, nonet- less in search of help for seme it jured comrade. Yet surely it wae iho strangest being that ever sought aid for one in dangtr or pain ! It was a man draped in a leug oloak, whiob, however, float! g behind mm as ho ran, displayed tbs piebald toarlel and white of bis face end garments. M was th<\- Pierrot ot the masked ball — tboVieoroie de Boisjoly. . , 4 Vic-mte !' I exclaimed as bo apptoecuea me, and tried to oatoh bim as bo passed ; bnt he eluded my band and fled with a swiftness that defied parshit, Then I burst through the sosnt and tattsied hodgo, and hu- iying onwards foncd what I knew meet be lying somewhere, the body of my poor friend, Rdid Miobonneaa, Hs Biill lived, bnt the blood was pouring 'rom a bullet wound in his longs, and the dejlh-dtw was gathering on his brow. One hand, from which tbe useless pistol bad dropped, was olotcbiDg iu Bgony at the stunted grass ; I lock tho other io mine and strove lo raise him and to Btaunoh the wonnd. Ho seemed to reoognise me aod to fool no surprise at my appearing at that moment. 4 'J oo late, Georges, too late,' ho gaspod Then recurring lo tbe event of tbo previous hour — 4 She will get home safely ?' he in quired. 4 Doubtless,' I answered briefly, feeling at that, moment a most bitter indifference ti the tare ol Charlotte de la T.-dmouilic. ' I have died for her,' he wont on— was it madness on my part to think I heard a cartain triumph in hie feeble voioe? 4 It is worth doing, this — to die for love of a woman, and yet — yet — I donbt if aha was worth it. Who knoWB ? W omen ars weak and selfish, even tbe best of tbem ; and she wi'l be happier in the fotoro if she haB not Invnil win Inn arnll.' HiB voics died awsy, ss the life-blood ebbed from him. In Ihe last few moments bis mind wandered, whether to paBt or future, who shall say ? For his las- words, boforo bo fell back still and lifeless were, ' EmbrasBe moi, ma mfire,' aooompanied by au ontstretohlDg of tbs arms, bb if he, indeed, fought to clasp in them bis long- dead mothor. In due oonrso I laid on information against the Vioomte do Boifjoly. It was laughed at. Tho Vioomte sworo that ho bad gone to bed before midnight on tbe evening I spoka of, had never etirred till bie valet brought him hia cr-ffeo at eight n'olnok next morning, and had not been at a masked ball since Oarnival timo. Tbo valet eonfirmed bis master's statement, and I oould not oall M ademoifollo do lo Trdmonillo to witness to tho troth of mine. I knew tbat, had the ahoioe lain with Bdcd, bo wonld rather a thousand limes that his death Bbonld remain nnavonged than that a ebado of eoandal should fall on her, I submitted to oironmetanoes, and eo, un interrupted, save by snob pangs of memory and oonseienoo aB may venture loatttnck personages ot tbo ' grand mondo,' a gay wedding took place at the Madeleine, and flowers wore scattered, and opera eiDgsre sang, and an Arobbisbop made Alfred de Beisioiy and Charlotte do la Trdmouillu man aud wife. And if tho bride looked deadly pale boncath ber wreath ot flowers, and the bridegroom strove vainly to bids enilenless with Emilrs, tho satisfeotion tbat beamed on the oonutenanoo of Iho Marquis Alain de 1& Trcmonilio wbb porfoot and sinoero. Do you wish to boar more ? The Vioomteseo de Boiejcly, after six months of tbe most reckless gaiety, extravagant aDd eccentric oven for Paris, suddenly rolirud to the oonntry, whore ehe hae remained ever sino. Rumour saye that ehe has gone mad. Mcunwhile tbo Vicomte spends most of bis timo at Monte Carlo, and is doing hie best to kill himself with absiutbo. Miohonneau is not wholly unavenged. 