OUTOFTHE DEPTHS A TALE OF TERROR. CHAPTER XV. Til.". T1ULT8. Raymond sloj4 r»ye honra. llo joined the family bo.jwr refreshed in body, but uncomforta'e in mind. Ilia mother remarked Uu> haggard looks. " You must try and shako off this gloominess, my son," said msdame, tenderly. " Ton aro certainly greatly changed stneo you visited us before. You ore growing too old and thought fill." 44 "We all change: cono of us for tho worse, I hope," be answered, with an effort at cheerfulness. " It is lore, perhaps," added madame, playfully. 11 1 never but onco thought I lorcd," replied Baymond, composedly. 44 Who was the favoured creaturo ?" "Catholina?" returnod her son, ob serving his mother without appearing to do so. He glanced, too, at his father, who was reading a paper. "Catholina!" exclaimed madame, quito astonished. The paper fell from Do Villanvillo's hand. " I was not awaro that yon had seen hor sinco sho was a child," stammered madame. " You know she received her edu cation at a Northern school. I met hor at Philadelphia, littlo more than a year ago.' The young man made this announce mcnt with perfect calmness. " Why aid vou conceal tho fact from us?" asked madamo, turning pale. "It was not ingenuous, mother; but we thought to surprise you some day with tho secret, and the friend ship that grew out of it. I extracted a promiro from Catholina to that effect." "And her father?" Madamo faltered in hor speech, casting warning glances at her hus band. "He was with her. He was about leaving for the South. I was obliged to return to my studies, but cot till I bad learned to lore my coosin— tho peerless, the faultless, tho fair. I did not hear from Uncle Philip again till your letter informed mo of bis dc cease. Mother, I can scarcely beliero she is dead!" Raymond's voico was now thick with emotion. Madame do Villanrillo sank into a chair, deprived of atrcogth and volition. What sho had heard ap pearcd to fall upon her with anni relating power. Monsieur groaned . . _ "Fatal secret!" murmured his mother. "Think not of it," said Baymond, quickly, alarmed at tho effect ho hod produced, "jrorgtvo my unfilial thoughtlessness. That which is past is past for ever, and cannot bo re railed/' " Wo had not thought of Catholina in that connection," said Do Villas- rttlo, with a slight frown. " Wo havo different views for you, my son." "Give me some wine, Baymond/' gasped madame. Baymond went to a sideboard, but there was no wino there. His father pointed to the boll. 44 No !" said tho yonng man. " Tho servants aro tardy. I will run to tho cellar myself. I ran put my fasnd on your choicest brands,! believe, in tho dark. I have forgotten nothing about tho house, above or below. ' "I'll— I'll go !" returned his father, arising, as if alarmed. Baymond was already out of tho room. " You used to bo strong," said madamo, with bitterness; "but now you aro weak as a child." "You do well to taunt me. It is tho sound of that accursed trowel that has unnerved me. Yes, you say truly. I used to be strong; I had nerves like iron rods ; but the clink ing, and tho clattering, and the scraping hare eaten them away like rust." Ho took two rapid turns across the door. "Poor boy, poor hoy! We have struck at him unwittingly." "Wo might have married them," said madame, knlfalfirmatirely, half interrogatively. " Yes," said Do Villanvillo, stop ping; "but we can do better. He must hare wealth ; our son Baymond must have wealth. He must bo able to scatter gold with both <"""> to tho gaping crowd. We have begun ; we must go on; there is now no such thing as retreat. Ho must marry tho daughter of Bosendale the banker, whose hoards are countless." "But the old objection remains; he is a Jew, Philip." ' But a prince among his people. Our ion Baymond must see Franctsca the Jewess. She is said to be a marvel of beauty." " Will not the difference of faith raise an obstacle?" " If there should chance to be lore in the rase, no. Boaendale idolises his daughter, and he also idolises gold. He knows that the alliance with my son would be a good one in a worldly point o! view. Wo must arrango it, Leonora ; we most arrange " Still, I should like him better if hs were not a Jew," mused ma fame. lly this timo Do VUlanvtlle had ptrtially recovered hs equanimity. Che thought of brining millions Lit? too lu aatiiSfr, the family acted upon him woo drously. "I shall forward your wUtioa," added his wife presently. " It is, as you say, a great thing to have wealth cor one's childrco. Kicked sometimes weigh heavily against rank. Besides, Boscndalo is a prince among his people ; and that u much. Philip, be of good chcor. Dispel tho phan toms of your brain, and you shall find in mc a faithful ally." " Leonora," answered Do Ytllan- viUe, summoning a measure of his wonted firmness; "it is a compact But crime," ho added, " is a fearful companion; it is over Hitting, like a ghost, at one's side. Ah ! if I could but stop that clinking, and hammer ing, and scraping!" 44 Hush, Philip ! our son is return- inc." Baymond entered with a bottlo of wine. Tho spiders had woven wobs over it ; it had tho rare marks of ago. He drew the cork, and poured a glass for madamo. "Do not spill it," ho said plea santly ; 44 they say it is a bad sign to spill wine." She took it with a smile, and was raising it to her lips, when Raymond remarked: " There is a frightful stench in tho vaults; they need rentilation." The glass shook in madamo's hand, and sho spilled a few drops of tho red fluid. " The drain, tho drain ! " exclaimed Do Villanvillo. "Before I went away to college, you were very particular, father, about the wine- vaults." " They must he looked to," inter posed his father. " This epidemic has drawn your father's attention in other directions/' Raymond filled another glass, and offered it to monsieur, who at first hesitated, thca accepted it with too much haste. " It seemed to proceed," continued Raymond, "from a new portion of the wall/' " From a new portion of the wall," repeated De Villaoville, drinking. "Some recent repairs, I suppose." " Yes," responded monsieur, "somo recent repairs. The old wall was insufficient, and there was an offen sive smell from the dram/ " Now I remember there was a niche there. I'll wagor, my dear father, that you'ro been walling np seme choico brands of wine, to bo opened some yean hence, on some happy or memorable day/' " You deceive yourself," returned De Yillanville, with a sickly smile. " I but guarded against tho encroach ments of tho drain/' "Leave it to me; I will havo it torn down and a competent brick layer. shalL— bo_.amployad/'. „ axhlod Baymond. "A bricklayer!" said monsieur, looking atfmadamo, and laughing un naturally. "Without doubt," resnmed" Bay mond. " Nobody but a brickiayor can do tho business. Bad air is the father of contagion. It is fright- fully unsafe to havo such an cnomy imprisoned beneath us. It is said there is a skeleton in every house, and oursia in the vaults." 4True,mysoD, "answered his father, recovering himself with wonderful self-control. " You talk like Hippo crates himself. Pleaso fill my glass again, and another for yourself. \\\ hat a flavour to this vintage ! I like to_ have it saluto my nostrils before it reaches my lipa. I will give orders to Pierre about the drain." 14 1 love not tho fellow ! That faco of his must bolong to a rascal. I have the gift of discerning scoundrels, I believe. " A rare gift," said his father, with a sudden suffusion of face. 44 It puts one on his guard," an swered Raymond, laughing. " Young men are apt to trust to their fanetes. Pierre has been very faithful." " I pledge you my word that he is a villain/' "No matter if he is," interrupted madame. 44 There are two who lovo you." "There might have been three /" said the young man gravely. " Wo are insufferably I" ex claimed Do Yillanville. At thai moment the faco of Pierre Lereao appeared at the door. 44 Pierre," added monsieur, 44 toll Joseph to put the horses to the car riage. Baymond, wo will call on tiofeendale the banker. I wish you to make bis acquaintance." Madame regarded her husband with an expression of gratitude and relief. He was like his former self, and she rejoiced. His morbid fancies were passing away. CHAPTER XVL CXTUOLCTl.— 1 TUK S&tCELXTEU;'S sccacr. Catholina soon sank into a sleep, which held her in its soft bondage till three o'clock in the morning. When sho awoke, Snxanne was watchio" beside her. She was free from pain and her mind clear. She inquired for Dr. Merigny. Suzanne opened the door, and informed tho doctor that his patient was awake. Ho had just come in, and entered her room in considerable perturbation. Catho lina observed his disorder, his flushed face, his hurried respiration. 44 What has happened ?" she Mired anxiously. 44 1 have been out, and I bare been pursued. Two persons gave me a frightful run; happily, I evaded tbt&i.;'J 44 You, too, havo enemies," said Catholina. "If ono like you has them, who may expect to escapo ? How do you foel, madomoiicllc." 44 1 cannot tell you. I am calm— I know that I exist. It has been very terrible, monsieur. Sit by mo, an! tell me all that has happened since the moment I trusted in you, and put the strange drug to my lips." Sho spoke with singular composure and sweotness. 44 1 fear it will shock you." 44 Be uot apprehensive. A danger past is not like a danger to come. Remember that 1 survived the shock of that overwhelming announcement that I was dying from poison. What new sensation is left for mo after that?" Doctor Paul could uut resist this appeal. Seated by her bedside, with his eyes fixed steadfastly upon her, bo related all that had happened iQ any manner relating to her supposed deccare and interment. Sho listened with shuddering earnestness. Every word was significant, every detail weighed. 44 Your life attempted ! " sho saiJ. 44 You were tho victor. Heaven be praised ! It was intended yoa should never reach borne. Tho long and circuitous ride, the needless windings and turnings, the imperativeness with which your services were demaadod, all show a eettlod purposo from the beginning." "True, mademoiselle. Tho more I reflect upon the subject, the deeper aro my convictions that I was to be sacrificed. It was prc-dctermined that I should not go back to Dan- S kino-strcct. I am supposed to be ead, and lost in tho rushing waters of tho great river. Bat I am here— hero to save and serve yon— to iden tify my happiness and my fortano with yours ; that is, mademoiselle, if you vet trust in mo." "It is too great a sacrifice !" said Catholina, with a start and a blush. 44 Nay, mademoiselle ; it is not enough. Thcv believe mo dead ; and to tbcm and tho world I am and will bo dead." 44 1 will not permit it," answered Catholina, with a determined wavo of her wkito hand. "I conjure you, by the life I havo saved, mademoiselle. 44 To what purpose ?" Her heavenly eyes were fixed upon Dr. Paul. Her countcnaneo was glorious in its bcanty. 44 You no longer believe in me," raid Merigny, gently. 44 More tlian ever/' 44 Then you will let mo havo my own way, mademoiselle ?" |t» ei CQgTUCtP.) 