MISCELLANEOUS. There is on view in the Adelaiae Exchange * large block from the Mootra mine, near Cock burn, showing native copper plentifully. The mine is situated in South Australian territory, being four miles from the New South Wales boundary, and 12 miles from the Cockbarn station. The deepest shaft on the mine is 60 feet, the lode varying from 8 to 21 feet. Work has been carried on under Captain Oabome fox about four months, and during that time 110 tons have been raised, of which 46 tons has been sent to Port Adelaide, and about 40 tons to Port Wallaroo. That sent to Port Adelaide averaged about 30 per cent, of copper ; the returns from Port Wallaroo have not yet been received. The block before referred to, which weighs about half a too, was taken from a costeen pit at a depth of about 12 feet, and is from the lode before mentioned. Tne Rosebery Gold Mining Company, who have 16 claims about 10 miles from ftf annahill, and. 2J miles from the Westward Ho, have arranged to have 100 tons of stone tried try Dr. Dixon's batteries. They have lately appointed Captain B. Besanbe as their manager, and he reports very favorably on several of the reefs on the property. A great deal of work has been done, and the shareholders are hopeful of good returns from the quartz to be crushed of which 80 tons is now ready. Referring to the .rapid rise in the vatasoE tin, the London Mining-Journal of October 28 . writes :— This week the furious tattle betwixt 'bull' and 'bear' operations has been con- . ducted with : renewed' energy and increased ?vigor, the ' balk' nearly all through the week - having it *J1 tbeir own' way, ami the 'treats* ^ for the Mxae beme entirely rented. What is the pob^od of tile antagonistic forces? First as -regards the ' balls.' They are -supposed to comprise a very wealthy class of French gentlemen, -who have formed an important syndicate in Paris, presumably 'with the intent of increasing their gains, which is commendable enough since all commercial undertakings are to promote individual in creased wealth, though it u hinted in more quarters than one that the sole object of the syndicate is to rain the 'bears,' and par ticularly to destroy the control of the market from the leading operator. We have no substantial grounds for believing in this view, and therefore, until it is confirmed, refuse to credit the syndicate with any each uncharitable motives. In passing, however, it may be as well to state that whatever may be thought of the motives and intentions of the syndicate no adverse reflection is made upon the dealers and brokers employed in the Btrnggle, though their names are pretty freely mentioned in the affair. They, doubtless, nave their ordera merely on commission, and execute them accordingly. The mainstay of the syndicate appears to be wealth, and everybody knows the power of wealth in any field of enterprise, and this power is backed by a fairly light and easily manipulated stock. 'Nestas regards the 'bears.' They, too, represent a fairly wealthy and well established connection, but they do not rely so much upon their financial ability. They possess the means to stand against the loss arising from any substantial advance in prices, and tbat is enfiicient for present purposes. They rely first upon the power and ability of their experienced leader in .the tin trade, a leader who for many years has had the full control of the tin market, who brought the price down on one occasion to £53, and raised it up again from its low level, and confidence is still widely entertained by uninterested parties that he may be able to accomplish some such move again, bnt at present the ' bears must own themselves defeated. To argue against the market now would be absurd. WhethertheriseisjuBtifiedornotisnot the point. As long as speculators buy and take up the tin the price must advance. Increasing stocks. diminishing consumption, and heavy ship ments, are matters of secondary importance. Whilst the inflation lasts the price must go up, and already considerably advanced rates are being talked of. We are informed that the total number of shares in the White Lead Proprietary Company have been applied for. The company has been formed for the purpose of working three blocks south of the Rising Sun mine. We are informed that a dividend of 3d. per share has been declared by the directors of the Gipsy Girl S.M. Company. The shares are largely held in this colony, although the office is in Melbourne. This mine, which is situated at Thaekaring-a, was one of the first on the Barrier to export silver lead ore, and its recent reopening and present improved position and prospects are one of the many indirect advan tages of cheapened carriage caused by the construction of the railway between delaide and Silverton. The following telegram has been received by Mr. Hugo Fischer from Broken Hill:— Week's run equal five furnaces less eight hours ; ore treated, 1,264 tons, yielding 287 tons bullion, containing 50,866 oz. silver. A letter has been {received by the mail from Mr, K. Pearson, dated London, October 27, which contains the following: information in reference to the rubies: — 'You have got my telegram long ere this, and it is now proved that the ruby discovery is as large as anything yet discovered. Some of the cut samples I am Retting mounted, and they all look splendid. X bave shown them to different precious stone brokers, and they have offered me £1 5s. per carat for email stones. They tell me they are rubies from Siam, which are selling well. Mr. Track T. Gervers, of 104, Hatton Garden (who was introduced to me by Mr. Wilson, of the Exchange, Adelaide), and others advised that I had better let the people think I came from Siam, as South Australia is new, and gems from new countries don't sell, because they are not the same as the ruby in the market— there- fore ours has got the same - name as the Oriental — it is only a name. Mr. Gervers intro tuced me to Messrs. Haslack Brothers, ruby exporters and wholesale buyers. They are all willing to give me £L 5s. per carat for all small ones, and much higher for all larger stones, and they will be large buyers. They offer to act as brokers or to buy off me direct. Also, they said if I tried the trade nose of the brokers would have any thing to do with me, and said they were the Eame as rubies from Burmah and Siam. I will give you an example of the difference in prices. Of three stones at Haslack's two were under a carat each and one was 1£ carat. For the two small ones they offered £1 5s. per carat, and for the larger one as much as £4. Of course these prices are below wholesale prices. When I went to Ford & Wright's, the lapi daries, first, I was rather nervous abou tbe result, and they at once said they wer rubies from Siam about one degree harder than spinels, and two degrees harder than gar nets. I asked if garnets ever cut as our 3 go, and they said never; yours axa entirely differently formed from garnets— they are rubies, a shade softer than Burmahs, bub will sell well, as they are of splendid color. Altogether this is very encouraging news, and we are all thoroughly satisfied. Another piece of good news is that I have got an order from Asford & Brooks if I can get one of our rubies of four or five carats of good color without flaws, which I should be able to get, and they will be able to place it for me for £300. Doesn't that show what size will doll hope I will be able to telegraph the sale of it before you get this. I may take an office where I can get two lapidaries at work, and see the stones cut myself; but nothing is settled yet, or I may go to Amsterdam with the first lot I am getting cut here.' The above letter has been placed before the directors of the company by the manager, Mr. S. C. Pearson. A public meeting of the ratepayers of the city was held in the Town Hall on Monday evening to take into consideration the ad visableness of authorising the City Council to borrow on bondB the sum of £12,000. At half past 7 o'clock, the advertised hoar for the com mencement of the meeting, there were only 25 persons present, but after waiting 10 minutes the mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) was chosen chairman, and the pro ceedings commenced. Alderman Tomkin eon moved and Councillor Fuller seconded— 'That this meeting of ratepayers do hereby authorise the council of tbe city of Adelaide to borrow on bonds the sum of £12,000, to be secured on the rates of this corporation, the proceeds of such bonds to be applied for tbe following purposes, viz.: — Bonds falling due February, 1888, £4,700 ; repaying bank portion of tb.6 overdraft, £2,000; fish market, erection, £1000; additions to city markets, £4,300=£l2 000.' The motion after some dis cussion was declared Cirried, bat a requisition for a poll of the ratepayers was presented, and accordingly a poll -will be taken on Tuesday, December 6, in the Town Hall Exchange-room. For several days past rumors have been flying abontconcerninga ghostsaidtphavebeen seen at the Exhibition, and as usual in reports of this kind the stories have been exceedingly varied in character. The real facts of the case, how ever, go to show that a practical jake was played on a constable, It appears that a few nights ago one of the constables on duty in the machinery hall while engaged going his midnight round was suddenly fctattled by hearing a weird voice, apparently emanating from some one in dire distress, crying out, 'Give me my leg! give me my leg.' This was followed at intervals by deep moans, which gradually grew weaker in force, and eventually died away altogether. The con stable felt sure the cries came from someone who had met with an accident, but he searched in vain for the cause thereof, and as no trace of anyone could be seen, and as he found that the sounds were strongest in the vicinity of the deadhouse at the rear of tbe mashinery shed, he decided that something super satur»l had occurred, and hastened from the epnt as fast as his legs could cany him. The next night approached, and the constable not eating to be assailed by queries which be could not satisfy, mentioned the affair of tbe previous night to one of his comrades, and together they performed the round. Sure enough the blood-curdling sounds were again heard, and the ' peelers,' having no special desire to make the acquaintance of oce of the departed, made themselves as scarce as they conveniently could in as short a time as possible. The affair was soon noised abroad, and others whose curiosity got the better of their superstitious fears visited the vicinity only to experience that nasty creeping sensation that people undergo when they instinctively feel tbat scmething unusual and terrible is about to happen. All sorts of rumors began to circu late. Two bushrangers were hung near the spot years ago, one of whom died in the greatest agony, and there could be no doubt in the mindB of some that the unaccountable noises were caused by the spirit of this wretched criminal. Others felt aura that the cries came from some party whose corpus had been operated upon by Professor Watson, but one and all voted that there could be no question that tbe sounds came from some spirit who had crossed the Styx. Just when the fever was at its height the joke was ' blown,' and it was then seen that scientific and not supernatural forces had been at work. There is in the western annexe a new kind of telephone called the Cluny telephone, and it communicates with a small building immediately to the east of the machinery halL When spoken into at one end it magnifies the voice at the other to a wonder ful extent. Now some one connected with the Exhibition, having discovered the peculiar pro perties of this telephone, hit on the idea of working up a good practical joke out of it, and. hence tbe ghost story under notice. It is almost a pity that the cause was discovered so soon, as believers in the supernatural might nave been provided with pabulum for several weekBto come. . 