1 REVENGE! I hare served aathe 7 French ' army (as , surgeon) and saerebteu 1 I never yet suffered an insult from mortal being to.] pass unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year. While wandering throughthat pictu resque country, I frequently encountered two ladies—one.elderly, the other a widow —charming, petite, spirituelle—Adrienne 1 At last we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to the fair widow's charms,—she was so sympathetic, so vivacious, yet with all that savoirfaire of experience which an elderly bachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure—liow delicious its lines ! "What masses of magnificent tresses! "What perfect rows of ivory her coral-lipped smile permitted us to see! What health ful bloom the exercise and mountain air had lent to her cheek !—Yes, X would propose that evening. That night I went up to dress for dinner—an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morniug with the maitre d'hotcl to change my room for one with a more southerly aspect; but when I had climbed to the firstfloor(noslightexer cisel), where my new apartment was located I found I could not recollect the number. A little reflection, however, made me decide it was Ufo. 18, but, to make certain. I listened a moment at the door—all was still within—turned the handle softly and entered. NomdeDieu! who was this? Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay the ghost of Adrienne! Adricnne 1 Yes ! but Ad rienne trasfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with the cheeks falling in on the tooth less gnrns, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her des habille ! a. lay-figure waitiug to be trans formed by her maid into my Adrienne— waiting to be made into my decoy—but I wonld be revenged! Kot stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to the salon, where 1 found most of the guest3 of the hotel waitiug for the dinner gong. X caught a glance of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struck me—1 smiled. The house happened to be full just then of a very fashionable company, the ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and X knew there was a certain Countess who was especially Adriennne's rival in this respect. Ah ! I would shame her before them all: 1 would give her a lesson uuder I her rival's eyes—she should learn not to trifle with honest affection—jSTon Dicu ! ! yes! I am amesmerist. My will is iron. X sat down apart, and, turning my eyes from those present, put all my ' will-force into action. One—two—three—four minutes, and there was a footstep outside the door—the handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared—yes ! precisely as had seen lior a few minutes before ! The whole room-ful of listless guests rose as if simultaneonsly galvauized—the ladies shrieked " a ghost"—but Adrienne advanced quietly toward me in her mag netic trance. Under cover of offering her a chair, I made the releasing passes with my hand—she awoke—gave one glanceroundat the staring company and the scornful eyes of her rival, another at her figure reflected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sank—a fainting heap—on the floor ! I was revenged ! ! That same night I thought I heard some one moving about my room, and found, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig, and my new, patent spring - fitting set of teeth, had been stolen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I had to publish my lo3s before I could move out of bed. Adrienne had left the house that night, but not without retaliating. 