CHAPTER XXX. I " _ I WIISON MYSTERIES (CONTINUED.) “ I returned to Mr. Palmer, and re lated to him what tho fellow had said, and I represented that it would, in a business-point of view, be vory impolitic to sutler Aaron to go, as it' would lead other men to think that, aftor all, paying didn’t seem in the least necessary. With Mr. Palmers’ concurrence I sat up that night and made out a fresh return, in which the name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. “ The very day the men were called out it so happened that the sherilf visited tho yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his dis appointment, comidainod to tho sheriff that I liad threatened to keep him in the gaol unless he paid me £5 to be sent else where. Mr. Palmer was present, and he informed iho sheriff that I had nothing to do with the selection of tho men, as he always made the list out himself. The sheriff took no notice of tho complaint, and Dutch was not sent away for somo “ I have now to speak of an event which grieved me very much. It soon became know to the prisoners that all business had to be done through the ‘ dark.’ If a man wanted a visit from a fricud, tho ‘ dark’ was appealed to. If a billet was required it was tho ‘ dark ’ who was feo’d. If there was any money in the oflico it was the ‘ dark’ who was spoken to about it. In brief, ovory kind of crosswork that wns required to bo douc had to pass through the hands of tho ‘dark.’ “ One day a messago came to mo from a man named Batty, informing mo that lie would give mo five pounds to send him to another station. I immediately wont to tho man and assured him that on receipt of the money he should be transferred. Ho told me that he had no money with him in the prison, but that he would send word out and get it. lie accordingly sent a note to some girl with whom ho had been living, directing her to give tho ‘ dark’ of the gaol £~>'to have him (Batty) sent to some better place. This note was delivered by a discharged prisoner; and tho house at which it was delivered was a brothel. Tho girl, aftor reading the note, throw it down upon the table. A few minutes afterwards the detective police had occasion to pay a visit to the brothel, and one of them took up the note and read it. Seeing in it that tho gaol 1 dark’ had to be bribed, they determined to make the experiment themselves. With this viow they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the free clerk of Tipton Gaol as ho was leaving for home, and maico him the offer of £5 if ho would sond Batty to another es tablishment. “ The next morning the free clerk asked me (he know very little of the business himself) it there was a man of the name of Arthur Batty in tho gaol. I told him that there was, and heathen asked me if I could oblige him by inserting his name in tho next list of transfers. 1 an swered that I could easily do it if ho wished it. “No more was said. I thought in my own mind that Batty’sfriends had arranged with the free clerk in the matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that ho had tho opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was a very gentle manly man, and was not in any way con cerned in tho doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd, he judged that things were not exactly on the square. The next morning the freo clerk entered the gaol olilces as pale as a ghost. Ho was very much excited, and walked backwards and forwards in the oflico without speaking a word. At last, turning tg mo, ho said—11 am completely ruined ; what mypoorfainily willdoldon’t know. God help me 1 I’m au unfortunate “ He then wont on to toll mo that on the preceding evening lie had accepted a im-note from a person who represented himself to bo related to the prisoner, Arthur Batty, which sum was given him with the understanding that lie was to send Batty away as soon as possible to some other station ; that the person who handed the money to him was in reality a police agent, acting with the shcritFs con currence, and that the sheriff had himself witnessed, from somo window, the tran saction.’ “ 11 have been sent for by tlio sheriff this morning,’ said tlio poor clerk ; ‘and there is a note in his possession which, officially referring to mo as the gaol clerk, leads him to tho conclusion that I am accustomed to accept bribes. He would not listciito my protestations of innocence, but told me he had no alternation but to dismiss me at once.’ “Indeed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as lie stood before me so evidently distressed in mind at his position^ He was -well connected ; lmd been once a merchant in Belfast. I pitied him much because I knew well enough that lie liad never received a six pence from anyono before by way of a bribe. In fact, ho had no power what ever in Tipton Gaol to make it worth any body’s wliilo to bribe him. He lived in an atmosphere of corraption, and ho knew it; and though, perhaps, not venal .by disposition, his surroundings served to prepare him to yield to the temptation, when the temptation was sot before “ I soon discoveied that the same weakness of character, which liad led the free clerk to accept too bribe had also allowed him to make use of moneys which he had officially received, and I confess that I then oommiseratel his misfortune less. I " It 'was the 20tli day of the month (I remember it well) when his dismissal took place, and he (hen had in his possession all the money lie had received from prisoners and other sources during the month, as it wae liu practice to settle with Mr. Palmer on |tho last day of each month. Tlio amoant that, at the time of his dismissal, ho was in debted to the gaol jwas upwards of £50 and h9 had not a Isixponco to pay it with. ' { “Mr. Palmer was not in a position to quarrel with -him, so! he- accepted a promissory-note for the sum, and signed the accounts as if lie bail actually received tho money. I .saw' Ihejfree clerk some time afterwards, when lie was carrying on business for himself, and’iho then told me that ho had never paid Mr, Palmer a six pence, and never intended to do so. “Tho force of oxample is great, and, therefore, it is not very surprising that tho I turnkeys of Tipton Gaol wore many re- | moves from being immaculate. They had not, it is true, by any means a thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmer’s character, but they knew something of his proceedings, and suspected a great deal moro. No wonder then that they were anxious to do a little business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of con -seienco as to whether it were legitimate “ Mr. Palmor, however, aimed at a monopoly ; and no one could have studied more to keep his subordinates in the path of rcctitudo than ho did. Secure him self, ho made a point of hunting down others tho instant ho became aware that they were trespassing on his domain. Two cases of dismissal I well recollect. “ Tho first was that of a man named Worth. lie was attached to tho labor yard of the prison, and for some time had managed to carry on a very profitable business with the prisoners. On Mr. Palmer’s behalf I sold tobacco at 18s. tho pound ; but Worth, as far as the labor yard was concerned, drove me out of tho market by selling a pound of tobacco and a box of matches for Iris. Could this bo tolerated ? Mr. Palmer declared not. 4 That man,’ said Mr. Palmer, with aglow of virtuous indignation, ‘ that man must bo detected. ’ “ That man was a married man with a family, and I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy tho job which Mr. Palmer’s emphatic 4 that man must bo detected’ pointed out for me to perform. 1 inti mated my disinclination to the task of detecting Mr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer said ho would take the matter into his own hands. “ Two days afterwards tho head turnkey was called into tho office, and Mr. Palmer told him that Turnkncy Worth (according to information given) was in tho habit of taking away from the gaol any portable article of Government property that came within his reach, and that on that very night lie was going to smuggle out a couple of quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr. Palmer pronounced the fatal words, ‘ that man must he detected.’ “And detected he was. As ho was leaving the corridor of the gaol he was stopped by the head turnkey, and two bottles of the Government lamp oil were found in the pockets of his over-coat. Mr. Palmer recommended his dismissal, and dismissed lie was. The same week I dis 1 posed of thirty pounds of tobacco to the men in the labor yard ! “But I liavo not quite done with Mr. Worth yet. A few days after his dismis sal he presented himself at the gaol, was introduced to Mr. Palmer’s parlor, and on leaving it took with him a recommenda tion to tho corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by’ sonic municipal otlieer. “ The other case of dismissal was alto gether of my doing. Tho work was cut out for me by Mr. Palmer, and I was stimulated to its performance by a per sonal animus. “Tiic turnkey’s name was Blackbird. I had known for a long time that lio wna engaged in ‘cross-work,’ and I had some times employed him myself to do little errands for me, always paying him liber ally for his trouble. On one occasion I happened to see a gold watch advertised for sale, and as I had some few pounds by me, which I had earned from tho thief advocate, Mr. Sawyer, 1 got Blackbird to call and see the watch in order that I might purchaso'it if it were a good ono, and cheap. Blackbird’s report being favor able, I liapded him £V2 to pay for it, that being tho price demanded. The day after Blackbird told mo that ho had been drinking at a public-houso and had lost tho money out of his pocket. This story I did not beliove, and I gave him to un derstand that he must either bring me the watch or the money. Ho declared that hewould do neither, and dared mo to speak about it. Six weeks passed away and Blackbird still had the money. So long had I been passive, but it was timo to act. “I got to find out, through my agonts, that there was a man in _ the yard for whom Blackbird was in the habit of carry ing out notes. It so happened that it was one of these agents who wrote the notes, and so I sent word to him to say that I should like to see the next note before it was given to tho turnkey to take it out. The note was accordingly sent to me, and was to the following ef fect. I don’t protend to give the exact words, but merely the purport:— “ 4 Dear friend,—The stuff came to me safely, and I now want a liu and some strikes. Tho bloak acts on the square, and you must sling him well for me. He tolls me that Tom will mount for me, but I am afraid to have him. I’m gallid he’d settle mo instead of turning me up. Give tho fin and tho strikes to the bloak, and tell him all particulars. t.’ 441 distinctly remember that the note was signed with a cross, hut the name of the person to whom it was addressed I cannot recollect. It was, however, as I learned from my agent, to bo given to. the barman of the Ship Inn in tiio first instance. 441 made Mr. Palmer acquainted with the circumstances of the case, and he pro posed having the turnkey searched as ho was leaving the gaol. I objected to this, as, after all, the note might not bo found, and Blackbird would in that case bo always on his guard. I suggested that the head turnkey should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, and tell the barman that lie was instructed to call for the note, and that ho wished to know where ho could find tho person by whom it was left. I pointod out that his after proceedings would have to be determined by the bar man’s answer. It might happen that the party named, actually lived at tho Ship Inn, or, perhaps, would ho really there, when the head turnkey called, and in such a case a dilemma would arise. But L toM ■Mr. Palmer that I was pretty certain, from all I had heard, that the party to whom tho note was addressed would .call there in the course of the evening to meet the turnkey, who conducted the business for liis imprisoned friend. If this were tho ease, tho barman would merely say ho had received no noto, and tho head turnkey would reply, 4 Oh, then, I’ll Btop into the parlor, and whou tho note is I brought yen can bring it to me, and toll the bearer to wait in the bar till I como 44 My suggestion was adopted, and to the Ship Inn the head turnkey repaired in the evening as soon as tho lock-up in tho prison was over. • “Everything happened precisely, as I expected. The head turnkey took a Beat in tho parlor, and Blackbird, half-an-hour afterwards, presented the noto lit the bar, and there remained until—to his conster nation—tho head turnkey walked outof the parlour and said to the barman—‘ Is this the gentleman who brought tho note ?’ The barman replied in the allinnative, and Blackbird, with, I’ve no doubt, a very sheepish look, said that ho was ‘sold.’ “The head turnkey reported progress to "Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Palmer, when Blackbird appeared at the gaol gates the next morning, refused to admit him. <: It was, 1 daresay, a mystory to some people how I managed to dress mysolf in so expensive a style; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold one round my nock ; how, in place of having a watch over mo, I carried a gold .one ill my pocket; how, too, tho usual order of things was so re versed, that when turnkoys addressed me they called me Mr. Green, and that I in addressing them exhibited more brevity and less, politeness. It was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all were liberated, on the reward labor-system, weeks before the completion of their sentences. It was a mystery to me how the higher ollieers of the Government could possibly lie ignorant of Mr. Palmer's character, and that no searching investigation was ever'made inio tho system (known to half the world) which prevailed at his estab lishment. Lastly, it is still a mystery to mo how, with such surroundings and such examples, it can be expected that a prisoner confined for any length of time in such an institution as Tipton Gaol can be returned to the world otherwise than twenty degrees worse than lie outered it." Such were tho experiences of David Green. I have heard it slated, that shortly after the publication of Nicholas Niddcby, Mr. Dickens received a host of remon strances from Yorkshire schoolmasters, who insisted on recognising in Dothcboys I hall their own particular establishment, and in Whack ford Squcers a portrait of themselves. I should not be surprised if j more than one or two gaolors should fit the cap on their own heads, but they arc not likely to commit the indiscretion of wearing it in public. 