Australian Tales and Adventures. No# 18#— (Ciincltttjcd.') et ' A RACE FOR LIFE. By B. P. WWtworth. CHAPTER IV. WEll DICK HUOBNT D». Aa I have already said, DIok Nagerit was an officer in tho now dofaaol. Capo Mounted Ihflos, and that, aftor (he (lisbandmont ot that gaUanteorps, ha oamo.ont to Anstralla. So ho did. Bat there remains between Grahams' . Town at tho Capo, and Australia, a hiatus of two years <0 bo filled up, and this is tbo very mystery, a myetory about whioh yon could very rarely get Dick to say anything, . for ho wao as modest as ho was brave, and his gallant deeds, nltbongh recorded in tbo regi mental ordors of tha day, were seldom, If ovor, alinfisd to by himself. Tbo tost is that DIok, doting tho two years referred to, had been in New Zealand, where ho had dono good servieo with the troops under tho command ol tho gallant and lamented Von Tempsky. Diok was oo daih- Ing a light dragoon oe over wielded a sabre, or wore a forego cap on throo briiro, aad eoon attrnoted tho attention of his bravo loader, by whom ho was signalled out for any dccd- ra- quiring special smartness and daring. It was indeed a parflona - time. Tho hill tribes ot Maoris, under tbo astute Taraotl unga Maun, and tho foroolOns Patarika his brother, bad descended from thoslopos and fastnesros of Tongarlro, Ruopebn, and Kabitapahuo, and bad descended, breathing blood and slaughter on tho peaceful settlements of Kakaramea, and tho Patea Rlvor, rind had joined tho Pariatea natives under " tho .prophet" To Whiti In what thoy looked npon os a holy war against British rule. - . Tho Maori is. a strango oompound of bunn- log, ferocity, cupidity, and coneroalty. Faith ful as ri friend, bo is equally troapherous. ris rin.onemy;. and in his anger knows neither . pity nor remorse. Instigated theretovby tbo fanatioai leaders named, tbo. wild savages \- of tho interior aamo down: in thonsands to swoop, the detested "PakebriB"! from tho, face of tho' land, and it was to striy this torrent of. human passion, to drive book this rivrilarioha ot cruelty, and repine that Yon Tompsky rind his gallant hand had ponotrated 06 far uflsrid : as tho Upper Wonganul rlvor, ths very thres hold ot the Maori territory. They bad been tolerably suoeceafal in repelling tbo .ridvrinaa of tho eavagcB, arid hod, rit all events, contrived to keep tho lovror settlements free from attack, bat, although tho dongbr was ia a great moaeuro ignored and pooh- poohed nt herid qnatters by the military authorities at a safe, dietaneo'in Wellington, still thoso who know the Maori ohuselqr best, saw that this was -bat the smouldeiing'ol tha flro that, shonld- \- presently buret forth like the sleeping volcano of Tongarlro In.tho dietanoo, and overwhelm tbo land in raiq and dismay, , . -Von Tempsky's troops wore stationed at ri biook honee in a olearirig, on tbo bdga of ri oiump of busb, which, though tolerably.opan on its ontskfxts, grow gradually more, dense, intend, until at a mils or so from tho -oamip it .was almost totally, impssiribls;- To tho North .and West- of tho encampment , tha \- country was more open, arid was dotted with ! numerous clearings end patoheo of > onltivated land, tbo homesteads of woll - to do settlers, who wore enxionely waUing the current of events, not knowing :ono day; from- another when tho terrible Maoris might spread doso-' latien in help, midst. . - Bick Nagsfit and tbroo others had been- for. mote than- n week dotaohoi'lroin tho main body on outpost duty; as-rid advanco picket OT.eooatlng party; They wero stationed about fonrrallosfromihaoamprindooonpiodqnaitsrs at tho. farm of one of tho orit.sotUore. Every thing wari quiet, rind althongh rnmors were : rlto thai tho Maoris wero rising in this or that direotion, nothing definite conld bo seen or heard of tho wily fori. Biill tboro was ri portent of trouble in' the very; air, rind 'the. silenco rind stillness ' was like, that boforo, .'a' thriridor-storm. Tho storm woo, : alas, ' to oomo too soon. ' One fine morningin February. Diok;, who was in oharg'o of tbo. picket, divided his ;meri- into two parties with''tho objJct of paying a visit to, two' outlook epoto whioh commended ri view of tho- eurroriridirig! country. There wore two not very lofty hills, eloss to tho edgo ot a bolt of forest, whioh stiotohed'away to the lofty ranges to tbo oast- word. It was tho custom of .tho two partios , after visiting thoBO outlooks io meat halt-way between tbem, and; then to visit a ford in the river a milo or'eo further on. .' ; - ', Diok rind hia.eomrado .bad. visited their station, rind perceiving no oouso for alarm, had paosed along to tha mooting place to join tho other psrty, Bat no ono appeared. They waited until, becoming alarmed nt tho uq- wontod dotey, thoy advanced olowly and oantionsly along tbo traak. ' It was very strango. Tha country round was ailent as tbo grnvo. Not a sight nor a sound that could betoken the presence 0! an anomy, and yet thoy felt a singular premonition ot impondmg danger and disaster. Had tbo beginning of tho end then' riRlvcd? The question: was speedily answered, for, nesting the foot ot tho. bill, DIok, who .was in idvnnoo, suddenly- dropped on his kneos behind ft bnsh, - oigning to biB companion; to do tho samo, as he per- - oolved something movlrig through the busbes ahead. -It was as ho hail thought, a party of Maori warriors, tatoood and painted, stealing on tho oilont lope which characterises their march. The torriblo war dance had been performed, tho war oanoo had boon launched on laho Rotoruro, rind thoy had como forth bom thoir fastnesses breathing war end thirsting for slaughter, headed by tha ferocious and bloodthirsty fanatic Fatarika Nga Mann himself, than whom any ono more diabolical in aspect or in ohriraotcr, it was impossible to . ooncoivo. Tori well they know what , hrid happened; tho demon band, themselves opri'- osmod in tho bnsh had seen tho poor fellows anaonsoloae of danger on tho anmmit of - tho , hill, arid hod Btolen round and slaughtered them with the murderous moil. . ! DIok and his companion had. barely timo to link out ot eight in tho thick fern and undorgrowth that skirted tbo road when thoy came into fall view. Led by tha gigantlo Fatarika, a very Horcnlos in size and strength whoso patn still reoked with ths blood of tho troopers, thoy passed stealthily . and rapidly . along tho track in tho direotion of tho other hill, evidently knowing tho habits oft ho scouts, who had ia all probability been . watched, and intending to murder themi like- - > wise1 rind to niiko a raid en thosctllcrs round boforo tbo main body of troops cbonld hear of ; . '< it. Tho Maoris paeeed es silently as ghosts, ' .- : ; they numbered about fifty, und were all ' . folly ormod and equipped with native weapons, . nnd a few having fire arms. ' . - No timo ,ws3 to bo lost. -Tbo Maoris would soon diecovtr tbo esespb oi their intended vic tims, arid v/ould either search too bash, for them, or what was mora likely, mako straight for tho form, and murder every soul, man, woman, and ohild, ia it. Partly crawling therefore, pnrllyrunmng through tho musses of denso undergrowth, tho two troopers mods a bee lino for tho hours. But era thsy rcnched it they hnd half n milo of open aanntry to oroes, and buioro tbey had leit tbo , forostthoy hoard tho yell ot disappointment from Ibo Maoris ot findingtbeir victims gone. . Diok woll know that their wonderful inetinol for tracking would soon send . tbem in hot pursuit, und ho therefore urged his compan ion forward with all the epeod hs oould. But ' tha young fellow 1 had neither tbo wind nor onduranco Diok had, and scon began to log behind. /In vain Diok spurred him . on, for his strength failed him, and at last, just .as they reached tbo open, and otter a last effart, ho tripped over a root, fell prono on' tho earth, and at tho eamo timo. sprained his .. ankle. 11 Pot a bullst through my head, Disk, and leavo mo," er.i-1 tbo poor- fellow, in mortal anguish. " Yes, and through my own at tha same timo. No Bob, not yet, Whilo there's lifo there's hops, I'll drop u tew of 'cm at any / rate, and it they do oatou us, l'lisavs tho last two shots for you and myself." "Yes Dick, bat I can't oven walk, and thoy. havo t guns." , , " Bah, gnns, why thoy couldn't a hay- ' Black," ond eo saying ho eluug his comrade over his broad chonldcrs, and sot off again at . a rapid pace. But ho had barely got half way over tho opon fiat when the Maoris burst from . tbo . covert, with a loud yell of delight, nt oceiug their quarry so near tbem, whilo ho ro- doubted his efforts to reach: the house. It was indeed araco for life, and ho was too - heavily handicapped to liava much ohaneo. Nevertheless bo etrnggicd bravely on, nerved to desperation by tbo savagu yells and taunts behind him. Oftho Maoris, ono, a famous runner, had tor outstripped tho others, and wbs rapidly gaining on him, intending, when within din- - taneo, to hurl his epoar at tho. flying foe. ' . But Diok know batter than that. Stopping suddenly short, when his comrrido told him : \ tho Moor! was within revolver range, h'o turned, took a qniok aim at his advamung enemy, fired, ond tha savage, bounding for- / ward, fell on his faco ouughing np blood, with a bullet through bis cheat. Hut this ' ehort-pauao had, of ooiuzo, given tho' par- ' suoro somoodvantago, nU'iiongh tho, ona or; two who hrid -tho feud, did riot, ecom .ot oil anxious to keep up that honorable diatino-. tion.' Yet they, did not abhta ibolr paas, and. rapidly gained on him, as .with his. load .hia '. < /. travelling was ncceoBurily slow. . ' ' : / Neater and ncnrerlhocnemy, ondhearer- and h'earor tha houso. 'Would ha roach it.:. Tho white iaoes rit tho window worn thoso ot it- tho settler's wite.rind- darigbter, white at ' tha': . door, and ready to closo it behind tho sorely . i hoset'inan, stood tho settler rindhia con. >_(' , WoaWris'evor.iWin tbat lrienaly door ? :,A .', : / tew etops mora. Ho falters, otsggeri), -phlfar: himsolttogethor for'ri lost; effort, .ondvfairly; ;! falls/through tho ripen doorway into the middle ! of tho npartmont ris ' a epeat quivora in tha! ' ' door.' ( ' : Thank hoaven I ' ' Quick rifles, or'riofc, oraok, ; two' istreamB of firo,- two puffs of emoko, rind two.mora of tha ' ' : y- savages bito tlio drist. . ! ;. Ayo; yeU, and aaream, and biaapomo in the / . ri-' tengurigd of klriDia, oh redoubtable PalBrikri: ,. ngn-Manu, but kctp out of tho reach of tboso!' , venomous looking riflai barrels, or your Ran- - , gatiraehip is sped. ( ; . ' : Of tho gallent dotonoo of tha homestead by -. , -that little- band until warned .by tho signal : / smoko agreed on, the' main body of . troops esrao np, and forced tbo Maoris book into.tno ; ! busb, who, having been in that part of tbo conntry! has .not hoard, arid who gained sncli bononr both at head-qaarters, ond from his cbmmrindcr?-' Ho having, held tho ferooions V- savogoo at bay, arid oscapsd with his life by ,::> , something littlo short of ri'mbaetejriawlookod;:',;;-? npon as a kind of hero, and althongh ho riovcr 'talkcd about this feat ot his, Still his reputa- , - tion olung to him, and, ris a matter of oonrss, mado him ri favonrito with the tedios. ovon bad his natural good hnmor and gaiety ol. heart not done so already. CHAPTER V. ;; WUiT CAME OF, IT.:. . \- Bat there wore other symptoms ot fqva, making in onr littlo party, and dospito . tho : - watchfulneas of Miss Forsyth, and although I laid a striot injunotion on overy one not to Btrey out of sight of tho oampmg - gronnd; - - nndor pain of ooing loot in that denso bush, . ' - still, when tho baskoto hod boon opened, and-- tholgoad things - therein discussed; -ail my- . oare nnd watobfulneoa conld not prevent ' tha - - j/oung. folks straiying off in pabp, . professedly - . - ; - in', soMch , of - ferns,- bush flowors," or/what - riot,.'. \- -Iridoad, when lnlied by tho endless mat. ; mot of -tbo waterfall, and eoOthcd by tho - narootio influences of the poat prandial pips, > :Mr Forsyth arid mysoll dropped Off into, that- .:!. Bwebtest of all elambers, > the steata by tha " oarilp flro, onr flo'ok ,'waridere'd away .alto- : . - gethor, Diok and Kato,- of oonrab,1 Tom ' Lip- v jincott;:. nnd Lanra, and. oven tho stately ".Doohoso," MisjiNagont, had been fed away into tho, trifling pmsait of fern gathoring In-.-.-- tho'doriso1 undergrowth by tbo "newspaper- - chap." . "CoboyV'sooribrbnght tho Etroggtera back- to oamp however, and after 0 billy of tea, and tho remnant? of tho main' feasfc -hod- been . ' " dieposod of, wo rotraood our steps along tho blazed track through tha obscure forest, hot, fobt-soro, weary, dusty, dirty niid ragged enough in oil consofenco, bat merry 00 oriokets, and antieipating a refreshing dip in > tha briny on onr arrival " horric." Ah mo . ! twelvji months have passed-, and .gono elnc'o that pleasant picnio in 'the grand - Otway Ranges, bnt in twclva months ,havo many ohougcs.beoubroogkt about, notloosto! : all, I fanoy, or perhaps in ngrcat meaonro by. tho oxorlionB of my dear old wife, who is n most Inveterate matoh maker.:' Diok' nnd Koto ore married,' eo aro Torn Lippinoott and ' Iauro,;tho' wcdding Of Jack Thompson and tha haughty Clara Nogcnt-is 'on tho tapis,' and Picrao Vanuittart called on rijo no longer since than yesterday, to aek my.couneol in a delicate matter, ia whioh a certain Miss Emma Ross, now in Hobartown, but with whom ha has been for soma time in' ccrrcs- pondonoe, wns boncerriod. . Old Forsyth.and myeelf meet occasionally, 'forbespends more of his timo in Viatoria than formerly, now his girls riro married, and OB the now year 1 npproaehss, . Mrs Bourko . 'OoliiriaheGino to throw out mysterious hints 'aboot-' the sea-sldo,' and to : compare . tho rolativo mcrita'"and expenso of Qucenscliff, Portsea; Lbrno rind other places,' alt of which I protend either not to beer or not to.uoder- - stand, but which I know full .woll portends n visit to ;ono or othor, .' of thoeo. -places co u favourable to . her favorito pastime of match- ' making. ' ' . - 1 .1 ' . ... £07 '... 