?The Next. Morning. - Totsy'S .. ,Troubles-Dot,the Congsoler -No. Credit.--Con ,and .the S Colden, Yankee.-The : Coat ".of Mail. Poets tell us that themorning dreams . of childhood are peaceful, happy, brain-fantasies, wherein the disembodied spirit revels in the delights of fairyland, and all nature seems to Sear a brilliant garb, in glowing contrast to the sober work-day tints to which the' grosser nmletial eye is accustomed. Guless then what a terrible revulsioti'it must bes to awake from such' a dretam to the :drItdfull readty of a heartfelt misery! Queen DMab st delights in such susplises, and it is a fact that 31 the most charming dreams are vouchsafed to those whose waking thoughts are bitter as gall di and worm-wood. lil Such a dream, and such an awakening, fell fr to the lot of Totsy on the morning after her w father's death. The light of the happy smile of innocent w enjoyment died out of her face as her eyes fe opened to the world, and she remembered the tl fatal event of the previous day. In its stead sil an unnatural grey pallor stole over her features and for a moment she was near fainting. iu the confusion no one had thought to take T note of the state of the larder, and the rough se yet gentle men, who had laid her beside her mother on a bed improvised on the floor of the W sitting-room, never dreamed that the bereaved pi pair would have to add the pangs of hunger to vi the keener pain of mourning thought. lt Poor little Totsy lay for a while inert and tlt Itelpless, then, making a supreme effort, she jumped out of bed quickly, yet quietly, and so went to inspect the cupboard, in the faint he hope :that some of her pitying friends might de have left there some food. So used was the child to disappointment, m that she scarcely felt surprise when she saw nc that-the cupboard was empty as usual. She in closed! the door with a faint sigh, and then al started: off to tell her tale of want to the tneighbours who had before assisted her. at Fortunately they were on this occasion able it to relieve her immediate need, so that she was tl enabled to offer her mother, on her awakening hi a cup of tea and a crust of bread. These Mrs. h Denzil partook of in silence, tenderly waited sl on by Totsy, who carefully avoided making any I allusion to their bereavement. Her thoughts s5 were fullof it, but she choked down her tears, thinking that slhe was following her mother's a example of rare self-control. The fact was that ti Mrs. Denzil was still stupefied from the effects at the drug she had taken, and it was not r0 until she had both eaten and drunk that she It even vaguely remembered that something b unusual had happened. t Totsy was dreadfully alarmed by her asking what had become of Papa, and why he was not there to share their breakfast. h1 The poor little thing stammered out that it was all right-he could not come- and was torturing her brain to think of some excuse for t his absence, when she was immensely relieved h by the entrance of the medical: student, wh I had come to look after his patients. The Doctor, as he was called on the Creek, li soon saw what was the matter, and after a few v minutes' cheering conversation, administered an inodyne to Mrs Denzil, which had the effect 5 of sending her off to sleep again almost imme- a diately. He then begged Totsy to come t away with him, as the inquest was to be held i. that morning, and she need not fear to leave her mother, who would be sure to sleep on till late in the afternoon. This, Totsy absolutely declined to do, and finding all entreaty useless, he left her, after I having implored her not to go into the adjoin ing room, nor remain in the hut whilst the i Coroner and jury were there. As soon as he was gone, Totsy busied Iher self in putting the breakfast things away and tidying up the place. Then, when there was nothing more to do, she resolutely opened the I door of the forbidden chamber and walked in. For a few moments she stood trembling on the threshold; then suddenly she ran forward and flung herself on her knees by the side of the bed, and buried her face in the bed clothes, half choking herself in the effort to prevent her sobs from being audible in the next apartment. But the brave child did not give way to her grief very long. Everything was in disorder, and site was sufficiently womanly in her in stincts to dread the idea of men entering a bed-chamber till it had been 'redded-up ' and made tidy. So she set to work, and in an in creditably short space of time had put away all the litter, and made the darkened room what she would have termed ' fit to be seen.' When all was finished, with a piteous yearning look back, sihe reverently closed the door, aird, taking up some sewing, sat down to wait for the Coroner and jury. These came in due course, and were re ceive'd courteously by Totsy, for whom every one had a kind word, and after a very brief stay'?wvent back to the 'Digger's Delight' wher ihe inquest was being held. At the dinner hour, Billy Bowes came up, :and invited Totsy to come and dine with him ; but e ven to the solicitations of her prime favourite she was obdurate--her place was by her mother's side, and she would not leave her. So Billy in his turn departed discomfited, after an awkward attempt at consolation. By-and-bye, Mrs. Denzil awoke, feeble, but sensible. Totsy hastened to give her the re mainder of the tea, which she had carefully saved, ahd'bustled about, seeking by an affec tation of hurry to put off the explanation which she knew must come. To the child's surprise, Mrs~. Denzil said little, but received with a melancholy smile the tea wlhich was offered hier, drinking it eagerly, for shle was suffering from a burning thirst, and was in fact in a state of high fever. She then arose from the rude sofa upon Swhichl she had been lying, and walked with uncertain step to the door of the bed chamber. Totsy interposed, praying her not to go in until -she was stronger, but Mrs. Denzil put the child aside, saying that shie felt much better and desired to be left alone for a while with her husband. She then walked into the room and closed the door uemna ner. For a few minutes Totsy listened, expecting to liear a violent out.burst of grief, but there was no sound, so she turned away and busied :herself in tidyinig the sofa. That done, it be came necessary to think about the future. S Sfiething seemed to warn the child that theichief responsibility of providing for their necessities would fall upon her, and she reso lutely determined not to grieve any more till she had decided what should be done. So she sat down to consider the position. fBut first, sad experience having taught her the'usual method of procedure in such cases, she drew from the cupboard her father's blot ting.book, and, placing an ink-battle and pen ready for such calculations as she deemed in dispensable, opened it with the gravity of a bank clerk commencing his daily work at his ledger.' Then, curling her tiny legs round the stool, which 'did duty for a chair in that humble establishment, she planted her elbows on either side of the blotting book, and, burying her hands in her hair, proceeded to think. The golden rays of the setting sun flickering in at the open door, shone with softest radi ance 'on her nut-brown hair, gleaming and glancing mid its ripples, and producing shades and tints which even a Rembrandt would have despaired of transferring to his canvas. Outside, the booming of a monster frog supplied a grotesque bass to the shrill treble of the buzzing cicada. wl Dot, a white cat of super-human gravity of imi demeanour, lay basking in the sunlight, lazily a I licking his paws, and now and again making a fruitless dab at such flying i;sects as ventured to within his rea:h. A peaceful scene- in awful contrast to that ro which was enacting in the adjoining chamber; lik for there the bereaved wife lay prone upon the floor by the side of the bed, writhing in ast silent convulsions of despairing grief. sul i * * * * * * gig Money, there was none in the house, that plh Totsy knew well, and it remained only to be seen what could be pawned. 0O Totsy cast a despairing glance round- the H/ whole contents of the hut would not avail to pr procure the where- withal of a week's pro- -ha vision. All that was valuable or ornamental I'l had long since disappeared, and nothing but let the indispensable remained. sk The child was fairly beaten, and a stifled sob broke from her as she buried her face in ha her hands with all the abandonment of utter ur despair. Presently, a soft touch on her cheek re- ye minded her that she was not alone. Dot had be not failed to remark the perturbation of his mistress, and, like a faithful cat, did his best to th allay the sorrow he could not comprehend. ke ' My poor Dot,' said Totsy, casting a loving arm around the sympathetic animal, ' doesn't I, it like to see its mississ cry! Well, I won't then-there !' and she hastily brushed away w her tears, while the cat purred and fondled of her as only a cat can. 'We will go to the w store. I will tell Mr. Brumm what has happened, and perhaps he will let me have ha some bread and tea.' do She then arose, and, after carefully putting to away the blotting book and ink-bottle, walked w to the door of the inner room. Here for a moment she stopped, and, as the recollection of her terrible loss came back to her, she lent against the lintel and wept, ae bitterly but silently. At last she gently turned the handle. P At this noise, slight as it was, Mrs. Denzil v ti started up, and angrily demanded why she Ii had been disturbed. 'I thought, mamma dear,' said Totsy, w ' that as you are better now, I could go down c to the store to see if Mr. Brumm would let us have some things. There is nothing to eat in the house.' ' Heaven forgive me !' said Mrs. Denzil, ' I had forgotten. Give me my bonnet, child-I t will go myself.' t 'Oh, no; dear mamma-please let me go,' said Totsy, clasping her little hands-'You are not strong enough. Besides,' she con tinued, hesitatingly, ' You know Mr. Brumm 1 is a hard man- poor papa used always to say so.' ' And you think he would refuse to give me credit ?' asked Mrs. Denzil. 'I think he would not like to refuse a little girl ?' was the reply. ' Well perhaps you are right-go, but come back quickly- my child-my only one !' and the sorely-tried woman clasped her little daughter tightly in her arms, and kissed her with fond, tearful kisses. Released from this loving embrace, Totsy lost no time in putting her design in execution, and soon stood at the entrance of the store, which seemed to be full of people, for the in quest had caused some little excitement, and the ' Digger's Delight' had been doing a (literally) 'roaring' trade all day. Timidly edging her way through the crowd, Totsy approached ~he counter, looking over which she was just enabled to discern the enormous head and hairy claws of the master of the establishment. ' Vhy, Gott plesh mine shoul, here ish a shild ! Now, vat do you vant, my IcetIe tear ?' asked Con, leering hideously in an attempt to look amiable. 'Please sir, I want some tea, and some sugar, and a loaf of bread,' said Totsy, timidly. I ' Oh, you vasitsh tea, und shugar, und pread. Veil, vhere ish de monisl, my tear? Ve can't do no trade mitout monish.' ' But I haven't got any, please sir,' replied Totsy. 'Den go avay,' said Con, rudely-' go out mid yourself.-Didn't I peen tole you dere ish no trade mitout monish ? Bal ! I got no time f to vashtc in voolislhness.' So saying, Con tulned, and was about to go, when Totsy, half-frightened at her own temerity, again begged him just to give her a little food, as she and her mother were starving. e Now at Totsy's first entrance she had attrac ted some attention from the crowd, but when they saw the errand upon which she was bent, r those diggers, with a delicacy of which it would have been thought such rude men would ,t have been incapable, turned away and strolled out into the verandah or into the adjoining t y bar, so that Con and Totsy were left alone at the store. n This Mr. Brumm did not fail to note, and was therefore at no pains to disguise the bru id tality of his nature. With a curse he ordered e the child out of the store, telling her that she , and her mother might starve and be damned d -for aught hie cared. So Totsy crepit shliveringly away, and walked in listlessly homeward, vainly striving to keep the h tears from flowing. \- 'What's up, little woman?' a cheery voice asked, just as she nieared the spot where her in fathler hand met Woolshed Bess on the previous it afternoon. :h The speaker was a tall, powerfully-framed te man, dressed, in the extreme of diggerfashion, se in a brilliant scarlet shirt and black cloth trousers, sustailed by a scarlet silk sash, a ig tassel of which depended from either hip. re 'Full share' hats had not yet become the d mode, or most undoubtedly a gentleman of c- such :esthetic tastes would have assumed such an exceedingly becoming head-dress; as it it was, he was obliged to content himself with a :ir cabbage-tree, which he wore cunningly cocked o. on one side of his head, which, in its turn, was ill garnished by brilliant black locks depending lie in tight cork-screw ringlets upon his shoulders. His face was hard and sun-browned, and two yr soft brown eyes, whicli yet seemed capable of :s, savage gleams, peered out from under heavy, t- lowering eyebrows. His upper lips and cheeks "n 'were clean-shaven, and a full view was thus n- afforded of his firm, clean-cut mouth, round a which time had engraved sundry lines which sis proved that life to its owner had not been all sunshine. ol, Not to keep the reader in suspense I will at Sle once admit that this individual was Seth Har on net, the Golden Yankee, whose redoubtable ng deeds have already been narrated by Billy Bowes. rig Here it might not be amiss to state that di- Billy had instituted a strict search after Seth on lnd the morning after lie had seen him, or as lie des thought, his ghost, but had only been able to uld find out that such an individual had certainly as. passed through Spring Creek on the evening rog in question. Totsy gazed timidly up at tile tall figure rot which stooped over her, and, with the unerring Instinct of childhood, immediately recognised cal a friend. oln She answered timidly that they had nothing on to eat at home. the 'Nothin' to eat?' repeated Seth. "Thet's rough-mighty rough on a leetle weeny thing par like you.' 431 ' Yes, sir, and I went down to the store and asked Mr. Brumm for some bread and tea and Set sugar, but I had no money, so he would'nt ' C give me any, but ordered me out of the inl place.' ' Ordered yer out of the place, did he ? bar Ordered a babby like you out of the place i of Hell and furies ! I'll fix this yer matter up Yai pretty quick!' roared Seth, seizing Totsy's age hand-'You come right along o' me-guess I'll see whether white folks' children is to be sail let starve on these yer diggin's. Wot's the 'B skunk's name ?' ghs 'The-what did you say, sir ?' asked Totsy, half frightened at his vehemence, and scarcely ho understanding what he meant. bi ' Wot's the name o' thet skunk as ordered do, yer out o' the place P' repeated Seth, deli. cot berately. 'Cornelius Brumm,' replied Totsy, 'he's ov the landlord of the Digger's Delight, and tw keeps a store as well.' ha 'Lan'lord o' the Digger's Delight, is he? * I'll Digger's Delight him !-come along !' They were not long in reaching the store, of which was again crowded by diggers, most dii of the claims having by this time knocked off de work. we ' Hello, Boss!' shouted Seth, as soon as he he had crossed the threshold-' Roll up, you be derned old skunk-you'nme's got to hey some w: talk together.' So saying, he elbowed his cl way through the crowd up to the counter, still retaining his hold of Totsy's hand. su At the first sound of the strange voice, co everyone had turned to look at the new-comer, ni and so the curious effect it had upon Con passed unnoticed. That individual had started cl violently as soon as he heard Seth speak, and lu turned an ashen white, whilst his hand fur- so tively stole to a drawer in the counter which kI was half open, and in which lay a revolver, 1o capped and ready for use. al , Recovering himself with an effort, but not withdrawing his hand from the drawer, Con bh answered, as briskly as he could manage: rc 'Vell, vot'sh de matter now?' b Strange to say Seth, too, seemed slightly ci troubled, for he gazed long and anxiously at of the landlord before he condescended to reply. tI ' What's the matter ?' he repeated at last, slowly-' starvin's the matter. Hyur's a gal G -a babby-as sez you wouldn'd trust her a e loaf o' bread. Is thet true ?' ' Vhy, you see,' said Con, apologetically, 'de p shild gomes py me ven I ish busy, snd may-pc o I gives her a rough answer. Besides, ve don't p give no gredit dese dimes,' he continued; u waxing bolder, as he saw the necessity for s maintaining his prestige. ' If thet's the custom on these yer diggin's, a all I kin say is it's a derned mean one. 3Mebbe t I'm wrong, bein' as I'm a stranger, but it t seems to me cz it's playin' it low down on the I white folks ez run the other stores, ter say they'd let a weeny little mite like this starve 1 -credit or no credit.' Con, who had by this time thoroughly re covered himself, retorted in his usual bluster- c ing manner : 'De vamily owes me near dirty bounds, vot : I don't nefer ogshpect to see now de fader's gone dead-I don't got no inglination to let 'ens have mine brobberty for nix.' "Was you ever in 'Frisco ?' asked Seth, i eyeing him suspiciously. Con started, and again placed his hand in I the drawer. ' In 'Vrisco ?-Nein ; I bin gome shtraight I here from Sharmany.' 'And you never seen Deadman's Flat?' • persisted Seth. ' Didn't I peen tole you" I gome slhtraight I frotm Sharmany?' said Can, withl a slight tremor in his voice, and carefully avoiding the eye of his interlocutor. ' Vhy you ask dem questions ?' ' OOh, it don't matter,' replied Seth, ' only ef you aint bin thar yerself, thur was a chap thar as like yon as two skunks out o' the same nest. Mebbe it's quite as well fur you thet I you aint the man,' he added, in a tone which s made Con shiver, as if cold water had been s poured down his back. 'But this aint what I kent to talk about. Jest hyst over them groceries. Wto did you 1 say yer wanted ?' he asked, stooping down to Totsy, whose hand lie still held.-' Tea, sugar, t bread, butter, terbacker, sardines ?'-Not 1 waiting for an answer, he turned to Con: 'd 'Look sharp, Dutchy, ef you don't want yo nose chawed off.-I aint got no time to stand t foolin' hyur.' ' Und who ish to bay for de shtores ?' asked d Con, whose miserly instincts lent him courage. 'Oh, snakes, and alligators!' yelled Seth, e loosing the child's hIand, and striking a violent d blow with hIis fist on the counter-" You want to bie paid, do yer ? By gosh, you sha'n't be d paid, jest fur yer burnin' meanness! Mfake up e the passel-quick ! or I'll let daylighlt ii on yer innards, you ugly Dutch dog !' S As hie said this, Sethdrew out arevolver and r leveltled it at the trembling Con. s Totsy screamed, and strove to drag hisi hand down, whilst several of the by-standers d implored Con to do as he was ordered. , At this crisis, Billy Bowcs entered. Is 'Hello! WVhat's up now ?' he asked a ' (Gewhillikinss! If there aint Setl I?arnlet ,. -the Golden Yankee! How are you, old co man ?' he asked, eagerly holding out his of hand-' I thought I seen you, or leastwaysycr :I ghost, some weeks back, but I couldn't git on it to yer tracks, nohow.' a Seth turned and cordially shook hands with :d his old acquaintance, and, as if ashamed of his as violence, restored his revolver to its hiding ig place, a pocket cunningly placed just behind F. the right hip. 'o , Wa-al, old boss,' he replied, ' I'm of middlin'-how's yerself ?' y, ' Oh, prime i' answered Billy ; ' but what's ks the trouble now ?' us 'Oh, we was nigh on to a little difficulty,' Id explained Seth ; ' thet cuss ordered the kiddy clh out o' the place when- she come for some ill grub and things, and then, when I jest axed him civil and quiet to let her. have 'em, he at commences to rair up and talk big 'bout not sr- givin' credit. E eof we was agoin' to let Ihe children starve on these yer diggin's !' ily Billy then perceived little Totsy, who had been hitherto hidden behind the stalwart sat frame of her protector. on ' Why, it's Totsy ' le said-' What's the lie matter, little missy ?' to ' Oh, Billy,' she replied, ' take me home, sly please - I'm frightened he '--pointing to ig Seth--'is very kind; but-but-' Yes, I.knowv, my dear,' said Billy,' he's' as good as gold, but ruayther noisy when he's roused,-aint yer, Seth ?' vl 'WTVa-al,' replied that individull, apologeti- it cally, ' you must give in I don't make no row Bg onless I'm druv to it. Ye see, come to think - on it, I was extry quiet this time, considerin' the provercation.' g At this juncture, Can pushed over a large o parcel towards them, and muttered sulkily: 'Makes yoost fifteen shillin.' ' Hyar's yer money, ye miserly skunk,' said ft Seth, throwing a sovereign on the. counter. e ' Come on, Billy, we'll take the balance out in licker.' h These two characters then walked into the bar, followed by Totsy and an admiring crowd '1 of diggers, to whom the deeds of the Golden c Yankee had become familiar through the l agency of his friend Billy, ii ' So you thought I was a ghost, did yer?' said Seth, as they were waiting to be served. '1 ' Ho ! ho !--wa-al, I reckon I'm a lively sorter r ghost at present, anyhow. Hyar's luck !' n After a minute or two they left the public- c house, and accompanied Totsy to the hut, a bidding her good night when they reached the T door, in spite of her entreaties that they would come inside and sit down for awhile.: Seth declared he was bound to have a yarn a over old times with his friend Billy, and so the t two departed and did have a yarn-and per. haps a drink or two aswell. The sleeping apartment of the worthy host I of the 'Diggers' Delight' was situated imme- t diately behind the bar, and was a dark, dingy, c den-just the sort of place from which you would expect to see emerge a hairy, big- t headed, monster, whom you would imagine to v be lying in wait to pounce upon any foolish wayfarer who ventured within reach of his claws. f There the spider Con was wont to sit in lei- t sure moments weaving his villainous nets, I counting over his ill-gotten hoard, and plan- t ning how to add thereto. Especially of a night, after the bar was I closed, was it his delight to indulge in this ( luxury, whilst sipping his rum-and-water and , smoking a well-worn meerschaum. Here he kept his books and more valuable property, i locked-up in a large safe, which served him also as toilet-table. On one side the small room was taken up a by a huge press, which was filled with a hete- ] rogeneous collection of clothes, left in pawn I hy impecunious customers. A table, two chairs, a huge washstand, improvised out of an old case, and a camp bedstead, constituted the remainder of the furniture. It may be remembered that the sight of the Golden Yankee seemed to have a peculiar effect upon Con, to whom he was apparently not quite a stranger. Certainly this discom posure did not last long, but the after actions of the worthy landlord would favour the sup position that he had seen or heard something unpleasant; for he was singularly short and snappish in answer to those of his customers who sought to engage him in conversation, and, as soon as it could be managed without at tracting attention, lie made over the charge of the bar to his assistant, and betook him to his private apartment. His first act on entering was to close and lock the door behind him, and put up some shutters in front of the only window. He then lit a candle, and by its light pro ceeded to pull off his coat, waistcoat, and shirt. Thus stripped, he looked more like a gorilla than ever, for his immense chest was covered with coarse, red hair, such as is seldom seen growing on a human being. Having extracted from some secret hiding. -place the key of the safe, Con then unlocked it and took out a small box. Therefrom he a pulled out a light flexible jacket, made of fine steel rings, and lined with thick flannel. This t he subjected to a rigid scrutiny, and apparently satisfied that it was in perfect order, hlie pro ceeded to put it on. After he had locked up the safe and resumed t his clothes, lie took down the shutters, and t rejoined the company in the bar, very consider ably improved in spirits, as they remarked to their satisfaction. The acute reader wtll gather herefrom that YMr. Cornelius Brumm entertained some lurk ing suspicion that an occasion might arise when delensive armour would prove of service to him; t for it is not to be supposed that he would have worn such an under-waistcoat without good a and sufficient reason. 