OUT OFTHE DEPTHS A TALE OF TERROR. CHAPTER XXIV. TOO MAM The curiosity of Pierre was oxcited by seeing a youth bo readily gain access where others had failed; and it was this that induced him to follow when he reappeared. Tho fact that the seeming boy quickened hts psco as ho approached, bat inllamod his desire to orcrtako him. When ho bad accomplished this, the terror and trepidation of Edna quickly betrayed lier sex. Knowing that Doctor Mo- rigny had a sister, Pierre at once con cluded that it was she he had thus surprised. For tho purpose of in creasing her fears, and making her more submissive to tho inquisition to which he intended to subject her ho made use of tho languago quoted in a previous chapter. The idea of being taken before a magistrate in those unbecoming habiliments ho be lieved to be saOiciently revolting to humble bcr pride, and compel her to answer faithfully such questions as ho might propose. But tho blow that felled him( frustrated his design in a most vexatious and humiliating man ner. When ho arose, with a confused and aching head, his angor was tho roughly aroused. With all sorts of maledictions and objurgations, ho re newed tho pursuit. The masquerading mademoiselle and her hero not being risible on tho street that had been the scene of his discomfiture, ho turned into tho first he came to ; and, after running a few yards, ho hod tho in describable satisfaction to discover them. It was not likely that a man of Fiona's character woald fail to improve such an opportunity; nor did ho. lie was soon near enough to seo that he owed his downfall to a sailor —provided tho garb was indicatiro of his calling. When Raymond and Madcmoiscllo Merigny finally paused before sepa rating, Pierre took a mental inventory of the former's appearance, from his tarpaulin to his pumps, and was con fident he should know bis man when ever ho might encounter him. Pierre was not near enough to hoar their conversation, but was of tho opinion that the sailor was lore making, and pronounced him an audacious scamp. When Raymond had remained standing tho prescribed time, and followed Edna, Pierre was no less on the alert to follow him. lie saw him approach and cxaminn the dismal bouse, and adroitly keeping himself suUicicntly in tho background to avoid bciog seen, saw or guessed at his aftor-movomcnts, and did not leave tho spot till Raymond rushed away in tho darkness, full of distract ing thoughts. Pierre, not having entered the porch, heard nothing of that interview botecn Doctor Paul and his sister, which liad so wrought upon the ima gination of the young man, but had stood in the drenching rain, wet to the skin, but kept warm by his resentment. It was now ditficult to trace the winding course of tho young man, who hurried on, seemingly without any destination in view. Pierre finally lost track of him, in spito of his cun ning, and proceeded toward his lodg ing in a feverish and dissatisfied state of mind. IIo had a vaguo and, to him, novel presentiment that danger was gathering about him. So much did this work upon him that ho de termined to play the last cards in his hand. " It is time,' muttered he, " to steal tho golden egg and bo gone. I will rob the silly bird, and away. I re member madame's eves ; 1 cannot forget the chill that made ac shiver all day. I have been such an cxcollent financier that it will tako mo but a few days to gather together every thing in an available form, thon wo will ecc if 1 my son Raymond will be rich.' Ho who plays with Pierre Lcrcau must play fair, for he keeps a pack in his sleeve. Do Villanville was too kind. A few mornings since he said, 1 My friend When a proud Do Villanville calls me his 'friend/ I know it is time to be looking out for myself. Let me seo ; tho number of confidants and accomplices are sup posed to bo pruned down to thrco— monsieur, madamo, and myself, Thoy wanted the doctor out of tho way, because there were too many; they fcceretiv desired the samo fato for Jean Lottu, tho bricklayer, because tbere were too many ; tbey are plan ning the same compliment for mo, because there arc too many. There will always bo too many until mon sieur and madamo alono hold these dark secrets in their possessiou. What if / should say ' there are too many/ and begin with madamo ? How would that work? After madame, monsieur; then there would not bo 1 too manv/ Hold! there is Raymond; but ne knows nothing of all this. Tot there fs tho property, without which ho would be embarrassed. Ho is very ebarp, and seems to bo to the whole family what a ferrit is to rats. In fact, the young nun appears deter mined to run into the boles where the family secrets are. He frightens them both. Let mo amend the suppositious program mo: first, madamo; second, monsieur; third, Raymond. That leaves me, the dupe, the tool, the hireling, the villain, to lot to tho first proud, avaricious, wicked aristocrat that wants him. Tbey think of me in that way. Yes, I am looked upon as n yielding fool, who, fora little money flung to me as one scatters grain to birds, is willing to commit crime for tlio eako of making a spendthrift of their son. What matters to me whether tho young buzzard goes from bis neat fledged or unfledged ? Am 1 not a man, too ? Havo 1 not claims on tho world? Will it not bo as filcasont for me to spend a fortune as or another? Of all shallow fools, ho is the shallowest who engages an other to enrich him by complicity and' crime ; for the accomplice from that moment becomes more than an equal partner, and holds tho knifo to his employer's throat." Tho further Ficrro pursued this theme the more iotcuso bccamo his indignation. His thoughts grow darker than tho gloom of the cloudy heavens over his bead. It was in this mood that ho carno upon Jude Schwartz, who was sitting upon a curbstone, bis back against a lamp post, and iiis eyes closed in a sound sleep. His cart was closo at hand. His horec, detached from tho shafts, was fastened to one of tho wheels, eating provender from a box designed for a more grave use. Pierre stopped and looked at Schwartz. "I don't know," he muttered, "but hero's another too many 1 " Iiis eyes rested on a bottle lying besido tho carrier, and tho sight of it seemed highly suggestive. Pierre took up tho bottlo, removed the cork, and applied tho nozzlo to bis nose. It contained just what ho supposed— spirit. " It's a beast," added Pierre, glanc ing at Jude with loathing, "that isn't wanted. Why should such a heart less monster exist? It is time ho were trundled away in his own cart. Tho disgusting knare riots ia death ; let htm navo enough of It. Lot him go to the black mud of tho swamp!" Somo kind of a liquid trickled through Pierre's fingers into the bot tle ; the act did not consume much time, for tho bottlo was back again where be found it in tho brief space of a few seconds. "There!" added Pierre. "May you find somebody to do for vou, Jude Schwartz, what you havo done for so many! that's the wont wish I wish you !" Fierro Lcrcau passed on; and to cool the firo that burned within him, and to satisfy a natural curioaitv, directed his way to tho Old Barrack. His hasty, unequal strides soon over came the distance. Ho stood where he had been moro than a year ago on an errand of no common import. There was Jean Louis's cottage; but Jean was not sitting at the door, as on that occasion. Tho windows were dark, and there was a piece of black crape tied to tho door-knob. . Pierre passed around ,tbe dwelling, listening at every corner and window for some Bigu of life— the respiration of a sleeper, the unconscious moan, tho unwitting cbango from side to sido ; but none of tbeso things were heard. There was the peculiar air of a deso late and vacant house. Assured on this point, Pierre tried the door; it was locked. After knock ing loud enough to awabon tho Seven Sleepers, ho put bis shoulder against it, and burst it open. Producing ma terials from his pocket, ho struck a light. Tho first thing ho saw was a spot of blood on tho floor. Although bo hailed this memento as an evidence of a fatal wound, it inspired him with Fccrct dread. As he held up the roll of lighted paper, which enabled him to mako bis observations, bo asked liimsclf if it were not possible that ho should tee the ghost of Joan Louis starting out of the background, point ing with an accusing Ungor to tho stab that let out hifc. He slowly opened the door to the room which Catholina had occupied. There was a medicinal smell there, which recalled to Pierre themysterious sickness at Do Villanville's. While lie stored into tho bare apartmont and at the silent walls, his paper torch burned down to his fingers and wont out. Afraid of tho darkness, he ran from the cottage, and closed the door with a trembling hand. Ho did not remain long at the Old Barrack, but hurried away, with a mystic awe upon him. 