TALES AND SKETOHE8. Tlie Two Fiigglong. chatter I. It is tho foiblo of n cortain class of introspective philosophers to assert that tho two passions, Lovo and Hato, aro, at bottom, tlio samo thing — that undor proper conditions of soil and atmosphere tlio seed ot lovo will gornnuato and bear tho dark blossoms of Hatred ; which, in turn, fructify, fnll to tho ground, nnd spring up again as tho boautious flower of Lovo. Going Btill further, they say that all opposing forces in nnturo aro only two manifestations of tho samo forco from different points of view. I shall leavo you to judgo whether the caso of Eugene Upham ostabliBhod orrofuted this claim. Certain it is that ho loved Helen Palmer. It is equally cortain that ha detested — yos — hated hor fnthor. Why ? Tho first reason was maoh tho saino in both cases, brcouso tho ono called forth and stimulated all tho good in his natnro, and tho other forced him to combat his aril passions. In tho second placo, ho looked upon it as an out- rago to naturo, that Bucli a shrunken, shriveled; miserly, half-specimen of humanity should dare to bo tho father of the beautiful and blooming girl to whom he had yioldod up his hoart. And in tho third place, beceuso he felt tho greedy falouB of tho old man closing around his littlo patrimony, and slan derous tonguo staining tho purity of his family name. A year boforc. Eugcno, then a young sprig of modicino, had novcr looked upon old Gyrus Palmer in any other light than as a possible father-in-law. But, upon his own father's death, everything had obanged. Ho had had business cotnpli cations with Mr. Pnlmor, and tho old miser, taking ndvnntago of his oppo nent's death, and Eugono's inexperience in husinoss, bad ontercd suit to recover certnin property of which ho claimed that tho dead mail had defrauded him. Worse, lie liad .oharged homo a forgery upon the unresisting dead. Eugene fought for tho family honour with all the energy of yonth. Tho caso was carriod from court to conrt. Lawyer's feoB began to oat great holes in bis small patrimony. Anxiety began to eat holes in his mind. For all tho whilo ho did not know but that he was fighting against his own heart. The fair Helen, who was the real bono of contontion, had been hidden away by hor father, nor could ho get any know ledge of her whereabouts. Half in hope of effecting a compromise, bnt moro with tlio idea of getting a clow to Helon's hiding-placo, he was driven at last to conquer bis prido aud call upon bis persecutor. _Ho found tlio old lawyer alono, half- buried in heaps of paporB. Two chairs nnd a desk ware tho only furnituro of tho bare littlo nlfico. Hugo musty files of documents festooned tho walls, repre senting who knows how many lives un done to satisfy this man's greed. Tho dust of oges covored""-tlioin. Spiders spun webs across thorn, and sat oying tho old rann as if thoy would dolight in sucking his blood, and yot welcomed him as ono of their own kind. And ho, to Eugene most ropnlsivo of all, his loan cheek glistenod with a silvery stubble of board, with tho wrinklos of his faco making succoBsivo stops up to his ape like mouth ; his skiuny fingers trem bling over his papore, looked np and fixed a pair of glasBy blue oyos upon bis visitor as ho entered. " Woll," ho said, abruptly, " What d'ye want ?" " I should liko to talk ovor this matter with you, Mr. Palmer," said Eugene, conquering biB distaste , " and see if wo can't coma to some understanding about it." " Ob, you've come to bog off, havo you 7" snarled tbo old man. " Bay wbat yon'vo got to say I But you'll savo my time and your own, too, if you go to my lawyers. I can tell yoa that to begin with." Tlio young man flushed up hotly. " You have mistaken my intentions." ho snid haughtily, "learns to telle to you fairly and openly, as betwoon two men of honor. For you know well that there are facts in tho caso of which tho law can havo no cognizance. I havo borne your persecution quietly so far, Mr. Palmer ; but beware how you push mo to tho wall 1" Tho old man roso to his ioet. " Do you como hero," ho cried, " into my own house to threaten mo 7" "There, there ; don't" bo foolish I" said Eugene, intorposing, as bo rushed towards tbo boll. " Sit down, and lot us for onco pretond that wo are frionds !" Cyrus sat down hesitantly. " I havo my oyo upon you, young man," ho said j " thoro's servants within call, remember that. Better notattomptany violenco 1" Eugor.o laughed a hoarse laugh, " Set your mind at ease, Mr, Palmer," ho snid scornfully. " I hnvo no inten tion of periling my soul on your account." Tho old man winced as if tho stroko went homo. "What I enmo for is this," said Eugonc, looking tho old man sqnaroly in' tho oyos. " I take it from goneral knowlodgo of your ohnrnolor that your only object in blnckoning my father's good nama is tlio dosire to mako a littlo money. Am I wrong 7" Tho old tnnn had recovered from his nlarm, and sat shading his oyes with his linnd, chuckling at tho futility of tho inquiry. " Go on," ho said, " it does ino good to listen to yon." "Very Good, thou," snid Eugcno, noltled. " My object in proposing you is to savo my father's chornctor. As my chief object seems tq bo a side issuo with you, I don't seo why wo can't hotli attain our ends by n compromise." Tho old man looked at him with somo show of relenting in his oyos. " Yonng man," ho said, "you have missed your vocntion ; you ought to havo been n lawyer. What havo you got to pro- poso 7" Eugcno turned thiB speech several times in bis mind ; but bo was nnablo to tell whothcr this was irony or not. " My proposition," ho said, at length, "is this. If you will sign a recantation of tho slanders you havo sot afloat about my father, I will withdraw my opposi tion to your Buit." "Yes, I daro say," growled tho old man, " you'd liko mo to sign myself into jail. Bat, sappoao I eoo fit to refuse your ingenuous offor 7" ' Thon, sir," cried Eugene, rising, hot with angor, but ho chcckod himself, and said, sorrowfully, " Mr. Palmer, you best understand your reasons for tbns pursu ing me. But it becomes me to toll you thnt in striking mo, you striko your daughter — yourself — to tho heart. You soo in mo tho nocoptod lovor of your daughter. I demand to know whore you lrnvo hidden hor away I I nsk of you hor hand in marriago." Novor was a more audnoious proposal of mnrriago mado, no ono more un graciously rocoivod. The old man grow livid with wrath. " Got out of iny house, you young puppy I" ho criod. " I tell you, you shall not havo my daughter j I'll hunt you from tho plico ; I'll crush you first I Yon, tho son of a common swindler and forger, who, if he were alive, I would pot in tbo penitentiary — to aspire to—" Eagono strodo np to him. " Say that again," he snid, briefly, " and I'll brake evory bono in your miserabla old body !" Tho old man Bank down into his chair, pale nnd trembling. " No violenco 1" ho whispered, holding up his shaking hands, " No — no — violonco 1" Eugcno stood ovor him for one briof moment, thon restraining kimBelf by a mighty effort, ho laughed a thundering langh and strodo away. It was not long before lio bad causo to regret thnt ho had not takon snmmary vengeance on tho old man. The courts decided against him. Tlio lioundB of tho law wore set on, nnd Etigeno found himBolf nn outcast — almost a beggar. Ono ovening ha sat alono in tho old liouso for tho last timo, musing bitterly .upon -the fiokloness of fortune. "So," ho thought, " are wo poor mortals hodgod around. If wo dare to love, wo start a a black train of hatred that attonds, and our lives aro dosolatod ; whilo coward Lovo, for which wo dared so mnch, rnns to bido its bead for fear it Bkould be compromised." His lifo was at its darkest point. Tho drama of Hato bad como to a orisis, wbon a ring at tho door-boll aroused him from his black rovorio. Ho wont to tho door. When ho opened it, a female form, closely vailed, glided quickly past him into tho parlor as if afraid to trust itself to parley on tho threshold. Ho followed,- mystified. His blood beating quick timo in bis veins. Sho turned towards him, and threw np her vail, disclosing tbo foatnrcs of his lost Holon. Her features were lit np with tho joy of a great resolvo. A littlo nervous langb escaped ber. "Why don't you soy something?" sho cried. "Why dont you tell mo whether I am friend or enemy 7" Tin roused himself from his Btunor. and caught her in his arms. " Noithor," ho said, solomnly ; " but more tiian cither. Is it not so 7" And then hor fortitude gavo way, and she sobbed out ber grief upon his shoulder. " Ob, Eugeno !" slio said, " I novor knew a word about it.. Father sent mo away. I havo been watched night and day. I havo been kept under look and koy. I laugh at their thinking they could chain lovo away from mo. Bnt last night, by morost obanco, I saw an account ot ruo trim in ino paper. And then it all flashed ovor mo what thoy wore trying to do. I nindo np my mind to como to yon ; and I slipped away and cauia. Ob, Eugeno I it Booms so -terrible that my own fathor should persoonto yon so. I wonder yon don't hate mo for it. Don't yon really?" He laughed in uttor relief from the dark pictures that had boen haunting him. " Well, not consciously," ho said- " Maybo it will como out after a while." " I mado up my mind thnt it was my duty to ninlto np to you for my fnthor s hatred. I wanted to como to you and tell you with my own lips that, though lio might tnko everything elso from you, lio could never take mo. I am yours by a right that is stronger than courts of law." Slio paused. " I was afraid yon would think mo unmnidonly," sho added, and her voice trembled a littlo. " Holon," lie said, solemnly, " a light has como into ray lifo to-niglit, by whoso radianco tho porsccutions of any man vanish to insignificance. I havo been wondoring 'whothcr it is only a inotoor flash that will lenvo my night all the darker wlion it disappears, or will it stay by nio for over and brighton up my wholo lifo 7" Sho tromblcd, and shrank closer to him. " Will it shine upon mo alwnys 7" ho askod. " Will it novcr leavo mo again 7" Tlio answer camo in a whispor. " Nover, Eugone." Thoy wore married that night, and Eugcno felt that ho was revenged, Ho band lost nil his worldly goods, but ho had gained what was beyond prico. OUAFTER II. Fivo years passed away. Eugcno be gan to reap compensations for tho evil. Tlio old man's persecution's had boen so marked that it attraoted public sympathy to him. Fractico flowed in upon him. Prosperity followed as snrcly ob grain follows tho riponiog influences of tho Bun. For flvo yoors thoy lived in tha soma village without speaking to tho old man ; and Time, who bore tham upwards to prosperity, pressod him down. Ho grew older, , lennor, harder-harted. Gradually tlio fingor of publio scorn veered round and pointed fnll upon him, and ho began to realizo that ho bad sold himself for a woight of gold that was pressing him down into tho gravo. After thoir littlo girl wa9 born, lio bogan to mako futilo- advances towards reconciliation. Onco ho stoppod tho nnrso in ibo strcots, and spont a iialf- liour admiring tho littlo one. Tbo nnrso como homo breathless, and rocountod hor advontnro with Hibernian impulsiveness. " Shure'n bo shtuck his ould noso inside tho coaoli, and leered at tho blisscd choild sb if ho would liko to ato hor. Then ho put out his lano ould finger and began to chuck hor undor tho chin. I shpoko up till him then, I did that I Sob I : ' Yo may look at tho choild as much as yo loikc, but yo'U lropo yer hands off hor, if yor plazo, fur a babby hain't mado ov wood, nor yit ov iron, though yo might think it.' Thin ho whips out tin-dollar gold pieco an, gives it to me, an, scz lie : ' This iB far yon, ' sez ho, ' of yo'll fotch hor round forninst mo house now nn agin, an say naught till tho misBis aboat it.' Bat sure and it's not mosolf that's goin' to loso me placo for tho loikes ov him." There woe a look of longing in Helon's eyes when Bho told this to Eugono ; but they agrcod that it was host to ordor tho nurse to avoid him altogether. It was not long after that tho old man choked down bis prido and mado a first visit to thom. Ho rang tho boll and asked for his daughter ; bnt sho, holding her duty to hor husband nbovo avarything, sent word that she was indisposed, and referred hor father to him". Eugono rocoivod him in his offico. It was an awkward intorviow, romindind him forcibly of thoir meotingycars boforc. But now tho tables wore turned. It was tho old man. who-was agitated. Eugono motioned him to a ohair, wondering vnguoly what tone ho would take towards him now. " I saw your littlo girl out in tho streets tho other day," ho began with an effort at an off-hand mannor, " and itre- minded mo that I hadn't scon much — that is, thnt maybo I'd better call aronnd and inqniro a littlo into your Circum stances. Ahom 1" Eugono remarked, " Yes," in a color less tono. _ " Holon isn't well, I understand 7" queried tlio old man, with a little of tho old sharpness in his tons. " What scorns to ho tha matter now? 1 oxpect you don't treat her right. She'd hotter hnvo stayed where oho was well off." Ho meant to bo conciliatory, bnt tbo ugliness would como out. " Mr. Palmer," said Eagono, proudly, "if yoa insist upon knowing wbat is tho mattor with my wife, sho is indisposed to meet tlio slanderer of hor husband's father." Tho old man winced visibly, nnd spread oat his hands in a doprccntory wnv. " Oh, como, oomo now, don't lot us brgln that way 1" ho entreated. "That's nn old matter. Wo'vo had timo to forgot oil about that — " " Mr. Palmer — " began Eugonc, but the old man interrupted him. " Look hero," bo said, "I'll toll you what I camo for, You nnd I had some pretty hard rubs a tow years ago, bnt I don't boar any grudge against, you on that account — not n bit ; and to provo it. I am willing to tako yonr littlo girl and nrovida for hor education, and romembor hor in my will just tho aaino as if nothing had over happened. And that oaghtto be a great thing for yon. For though you may moon well onongh by hor, you know you're not ablo to bring hor np in tho way my granddaughter ought to bo brought up. Eagono rose. What lio world have said no ono knows, for at that moment Helen entered tho room. Tho old man ran towardB hor with outstretched bands. "Oh, my littlo girl 7" ho cried, " did thoy try to keep you away from tho old man 7 but thoy couldn't, no. Ah — " Sho turned away from him and wont to hor husband. "Holon," snid Eugono, "you heard his proposition ; answer him 1" ' " Helen," said tho old man, patheti cally, " don't you know your old fathor 7" Sho looked at him as if ho were an entire stranger. " I call no mnn father," sho said, ill a low, distinct tono, ,' who slanders tho ancestors of my child, and doea not re pent. I would sooner slio were dead than thnt tho woight of' hie ill-gotten gold should ho heaped upon hor poor littlo head. Let the curse rest whoro it belongs I" It was pitinblo to see tho old man quail and trcmblo, as ber oloar, deoidod tones undorminod tho fountains of his prido. "What manner of man nro you?" ho cried to Eugonc, " to turn a man's own flesh and blood against him. Is thiB your rovengo 7 Well — " Ho moved tottoringly towards tho door. " Fathor," oried Holon, " tnko back thoso vilo slanders I Confess thnt thoy wore untrue I and then Eugcno and my self will bo glad to forget thom." IIo turned his face, sour niul black nB a fallen Bond's upon thom. " Wbat I" lie cried, " tnko that hack I Confess that I lio I No, no, it would only sweoton his oup of rovongo. Your fnthor Holon," ho stiffened up his old back in prido, " your fnthor novor lies." And ho stalked proudly from tho house. Eugeno wntcliod him go down tho streot, with a strnugo softening of tho heart towards tho man who had injured him, yet whoso schomcB had recoiled oven more foicibly upon hie own head. Holon, too, though slio said.notbing, began to droop aud look and. Tho forco cf hor father's sins wore weighing hor down. Ono day Eugene camo homo and found hor in tears ; and thon, for tho first timo in hor life, sho .began to up braid him. " Oh, Engona 1" sho cried, ' wo nro carrying it too far. It is cruel of yon to keop mo from my father I" Ho stroked her bair tenderly. " What ta tbo mattor, Holon," ho naked ; "you know I havo no wish to separata you." " Ho is very ill," she said. " I havo juBt hoard — maybo ho is dying ; and with nobody to care to him." Bho broko down. "Aftor all," sho sobbed, " ho is my own fathor." Eugono felt tho black hatred dying out of hia heart, as he lookod upon tho sorrowing faco of his wifo. " Yos," ho said, " after all thoro is a limit to all things, oven hatred, 'Come I wo will both go to him. Maybo wo will ho able to savo him yet." But they were too lato. Thoy found tho old man in bod, litorally dying. There was no ono to sttond him in bis last momonts but hired sarvants ; and gold brought him but bared faro now. A roseate flash from tbo dying sun foil through tbo westward window and gilded biB sharp, emaciated face, now convulsed in tlio Btrugglo with doath, now relapsing into stupor. Ho rousod himself n little at thoir approach ; 'stared at thom vacantly, without scorning to rocogniso them, then closod his oyos again. Presently ho began to mutter to him- Bclf, " How heavy, hoavy 1" ho groaned. " Mountains of gold 1 All tho air turned, into gold, heavy gold, and pressing mo down, down, down into my gravo I Tako it off, somoboily I take it off ! It will weigh on my soul through all immor tality." Ho starte'd up from bsd and then sank shuddering back again. " I help it," bo said fcobly. " Old Upham I .tho old simpleton 1 who could liolp taking advantage 7" Ho chucklod to him self ! "If it hadn't boen for Iub son I wouldn't havo dono it, young jacka napes I" Ho groaned and turned in bed." " Ho'lt bo waiting for mo now. Ho'il havo his wits sharpened now. Oh, yes 1" Ho oponcd bis oyes and stared at tbom, sprang tbo full width of tho bod and lay shivering with terror. " Ghosts I" bo cried, " His ghost 1 Why do you como to mo? I didn't forgo tbo deed I Who says I forged it 7 I'll dony it at tho Jndgmont-seat. Who sayB I did it 7 You lio. Ho, ha, hs." Ho broko into a wild shriok of laughter, and foil back upon tho bod. My littlo girl," ho moaned, " I did it all for you — all for you. I wanted you to bo rich — rioh — and yon said it was onrsod. You loft mo. Ycb — yea," biB bond dropped moro and moro, and his oycB closed. "Yes, you wore rr-right!" Ho sank into a stupor. Tho goldon snn had fallen bohind tho di6tnnt trcoB, nnd tho shade of night — tho shado of night and doath — camo in at tho window to olaim the erring soul. Thoy dropped upon their knees, and in tho presence of tho All Poivorful Foe, Hato and Lovo lost tlioir outlines and mingled in heavenly pity. 