LENTEN PASTORAL. The following pastoral was read by Dean O'Keeffe in St. Augustine's Church on last Sunday:— WILLIAM — By the Grace of God and of the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop of Goulburn. To the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diocese of Goulburn. Dearly Beloved Brethren and Children in Jesus Christ,— Our Divine Lord has said, " But he that shall persevere unto the end shall be saved."— Matt. X, 22. These words convey to us a salutary admonition, which the season of Lent renews year after year. You may have done well for a time, but the great concern of man's life is not secured. It is only at death the conflict ceases, and to secure a happy death, we must persevere in a good life to the end. During last year it was to me a great consola tion to find a true practical faith so general amongst, our people. This I had the great pleasure of witnessing in the several' places I visited, and I rejoiced to hear that like faith manifested itself everywhere. The great means ordained by Christ for the sanctificatibn of the Christian people, (or the strengthening them to meet the dangers of life, and for restoring them to grace, if unhappily lost by sin, are the Sacra ments of Penance and the Holy Eucharist. Only a small number of our people neglected to prepare themselves, and thus showed their indif ference to the call the church made on them, as well as to their own spiritual interests. Men may speak of Cod's mercy, as it is good and long-enduring, and His mercy in the institu tion of these Sacrements is great indeed. He has shown it in this way, but man has no right to mark out lor himself another way, for that belongs to Cod, in whom we live, move, and have our being. It is only when we hear the word of God as He has spoken it, and keep it as He has directed, that we can say that we have the faith of Christ. It was with authority Christ said to the Apostles, " Going, therefore, teach ye all nations— teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you." It was with authority he said to them, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins ye shall forgive they are forgiven to them, and whose sins ye shall retain they are retained." Here the power of forgiving sin is given to them, and also that of retaining- them. What does this mean but that sins are retained that are not forgiven by the priest, as the ordinary means ordained by Christ for the pardon of sins is the power committed by Christ to the priests of His Church. If anyone then propose to himself any other mode besides that ordained by Christ he takes his course with out Christ, and against him ; he may have a faith of his own, but not the faith 06 Jesus Christ; he has faith in himself but not in Christ. You have the faith, but you are to regulate your lives in conformity with it, for as St. James says, " What shall it profit, my brethren, if a man say he hath the faith, but hath not works ? Shall faith be able to save him ?" — James, ii, 14. And again, " Thou believest that there ic one God. Thou dost well ; the devils believe and tremble. 3ut wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith with out works is dead 1" — ii. 19-20. A man may say " I have the faith," but does not go to Confes sion ; does such a man believe that the priest of the Church is invested with power to absolve him from his sins, and that confession is a necessary condition? A man may say " I have the faith," but does not prepare himself for communion. Does such a man believe that, when the priest pronounces the words of consecration at Mass, what was before bread and wine is, by the words of consecration, changed into the body arid blood of Christ, and that Christ has said, " Except you eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink his blood, you shall not have life in you." — John vi , 54\. A man may say, " I have not lost the faith," but does not go to Mass 011 Sunday and holidays. Does such a one believe that he is bound to hear the Church, and that the Church commands him to go to Mass on these days ? Faith is not an empty word, dearly beloved, for it embraces the whole Christian law, and that law makes in man's life from his baptism to the grave. At every recurring Lent the Church points out to us those works most necessary to mark the Christian life, and to continue that practical faith so beautifully manifested during the last J ubilee year. 1 1 would be but of little avail to have done well last year if neglect of duty were to follow, for victory is secured only at the end, as he only is saved who perserveres to the' end. Ir the conflict through life you have many difficulties and many trials. You stand in need of God's help to sustain you, and Lent proposes those works best calculated to obtain that: help. You have many burdens placed on you by the times in which we live,-, and these, too, try your faith and call forth its exercise. One of these burdens is placed before you-the first Sunday of every Lent. On that day we ask aid from all to carry on two most important works. We want aid to continue the supply of priests from Ireland, and to meet the expenses of our Inspec tor for Catholic Schools. Both are necessary. We have — it is satisfaetory to state it— an over supply of priests at present, but if the regular mode for obtainirig this supply were omitted,' in a very short time we should feel the want, and some places would suffer from it. To make our schools eyery way effective, we require to have them inspected ; and, were we ', to discon-' tinue the inspection, I am assured a serious loss would ensue to our schools, which are now in so satisfactory a condition. The last collection was not sufficient to meet_ the cxperises of .the year. I hope at this collection all will help to make it a satisfactory one. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. , t WILLIAM, „ Bishop of Goulburn. Bishop's Goulburn, Feb. 15, 1S87. P.S.— The Clergy will please read this letter to their Congregations, and arrange with their people for the collection for the Mission and School Fund the first, Sunday in Lent. .Let the sums collected be sent to Goulburn, to the Rev. Patrick Lanigan, within six weeks. lenten regulations. At different periods, and under different cir cumstances, the rigour of the laws of fasting have been modified. In virtue of powers received from the Holy See, the following are the 'regula- tipns in this diocese : — The general law of tho Church, which ordains abstinence from flesh meat during , the entire Lont is so far dispensed with that the faithful are allowed to use it on Sundays, Mondays, Tuesday, and Satur days (except Ember Saturday). Asa great Feast meat is allowed on St. Patrick's Day On all days (except Sundays), tho permission to use flesh moat is for dinner only. ' J. . On fasting days, a collation may bo taken in t.he morning and evening. At the mnrning cnllation a small quantity of milk and nlso butter may be used. Eggs, cheese, and'butter are allowed on all days at dinner, except Ash' Wednesday and Good Friday. In lieu of butter, lard or dripping is permitted at. dinner, except o.. Ash Wednesday and all Fridays. The period during which tho Paschal duty of Annual Confession and Communion is to be fulfilled begins on tho first Sunday of Lent and ends on Trinity Sunday inclusive. We earnestly entreat all the faithful to be present ench day during Lent at the Holy sacrifice of the Mass, if they have the opportunity. We recommend masters of families and parents to assemble each day Iheir household or children for prayer nnA spiritual reading. A part of the Rosary and Litany may be recited on theso occasions in addition to tho ordinnry prayers. Persons engaged in laborious occupations, in delicate health, or so nircumstanoed that fasting would be injurious to them, are not strictly bound by the.law. Iu all coses , of doubt,. recourse for dispen sation must bo had to the priest. Whqn, by reason of distance or of other serious obstacle, application to tho priest canhot be made, each one will decide in his own case according to the dictate of conscience. collection 'for mission and school fund for 1886. . Cathedral, Goulburn, £z<j 14s.; North Goul- btirh, S4A8S 6d ; Mummel, £2 18s 61 ; Murulan 6s :; 3oro, / 1 3s 6d ; Spring Valley, £1 3s ; Dr. Lariigan, / 50 ; Cootamundra, £23 14s ; Yass, £20 ; Albury, £25 17s 4d ; Burrowa, £% 3s 6d ; Hay; |£8 ; Wagga, 9 has 3d ; Very Rev. P. Dunne, £5 ; Temora, £7 7s 6d ; Tumut, £5 10s 6d ; Grenfell, £4 17s ; Corowa, £3 10s ; Young, £3. Total, £215 18s 7d. Expenses for the year, 318. ' 