' A L M A. ' An ? Original Australian'- Story, , ? - BY : HAROLD STEPHEN, Esq., M.P. ? ; - OF '.NEW SOUTH WALES, ?; {All Rights Reserved.') CHAPTER LV. ? ; /IN COTOT— THIS OiSE FOB THE PLilOTtFP. There was a good gathering in the court ? ot Common Pleaa when tho oaae, Doe on tha demise of James Tredegar versus Sir Oharles North, was oalled on for trial. The defend ant was woll-known both in fashionable and commercial circles, and not a few members ot the' Upper Ten Thousand had come to hear the oelobrated case, which involved tha characters of tho rival claimant;!, as woll an the disposal of a large fortune. Buncs Haw thorn was there, in great force, shaking hands with evcrvborlv worth ahakinc hands with, and whivpering in tho oars of great ladies, and men of position, the latest on-dits' concerning tho oase. . ? ? Then, too, there was a great mustering of the legal profession, it being understood that oounter charges of forgery, and conspiracy to defraud, would be brought against the solici tors of the parties to the suit. Of our particular friends, thore were pre ? - .sent: Si* ou«r!t-a Worth. Mr. and Mrs. Dart 'Tredegar, Monsieur Brantome (who had come' over from Paris for the express purpose), and ?; Beth Parkins. ?Harry Lasoellea and his bride were absent, not having yot returned from their wedding tour; whilst Bertie Leraoorto had, for soma nnexplainable reason, refused to attend tha trial, and had gone baok to Paris a few days previously, after a flying visit to London. By tha eide ot Mr. Tnlstlothwaite, sat tho ' Professor, looking careworn and anxious ; but Sumner was not in court, it having been deoided that he should not put in an appear ance until tho last moment. On tho benoh, sat the Lord Chief Justice, by whose eido seats had been placed for some ladies of rank, who had come there in searah of a sensation, ' muoh in tho same spirit as they would hava gone to a theatre or a con cert. The necessary preliminaries having been . gone through, Mr, Bumptious Q. 0. roso, and, hitohing up his gown, proceeded to state tho case for the plaintiff. He was a huge, un wieldly gentleman, with deep-set eyes over hung by enormous gray eyebrows, a long, pendulous noae, daintily flecked with rosy spots towards tho tip, and a large, thick-lipped mouth, whioh ho occasionally opened, and then Bhut with a loud snap, which proved very effective in terrifying a timid witness. 'May it please your lordship, gentlemen of the jury,' he began, ' never in the aourso of a long career, has it been my fate to champion a cause whioh ia so palpably that ot irntn and justioe as that of my client in this instance. It is our unhappy fats often to be brought face to face with crime, and our hearts aro supposed to bo dead to all the more tender emotions of the human nature. To a eertain extent, this is truo, . We, who have daily to plead the cause of the oppressed and unfortunate, cannot afford to give way . to our feelings on every occasion. We are compelled, so to say, to bottle up our sym pathies, in order to avoid the wear and tear whioh would result if we gave them free vent. Once in a while, however, it happens that the advooato cannot steel his hoart to the _ woes of his client, and such is the oase with myself in now addressing you.' — Hero tho learned gentloman paused, and, extricating a huge, snuff-stainod bandanna handkerchief from his coat-tails, applied it to his nose with great dramatio effoot. His voioe, when he resumed, was low and broken, but ha Boon gathered strength, and thundered as loudly as he was wont. He oontinued : ' My client comes before you this day seeking to rescue the home ot ' his ancestors from the ruthless grasp of tho Bpoilr. He comes bringing with him the orphan children of his brother, who havo also been made viotims of this moBt treachor ous attempt at fraud. I am hero reminded that these children, who have been to my olient as his own, havo been estranged from him through the arts of his wily opponents ; but their intorests are identical with bis, and when wo havo torn tho mask from tho faca of their decoiver, thoy will onco more learn to reoogniso tho value of tho aflcotion they havo of lata been taught to reject nnddoapiao. Our oase is briefly this somo time laBt year Mr. James Tredegar, a gentleman of considerable wealth, died, loaving behind him a will bequeathing tho bulk of hiB property to my oliont, Mr. Stephen Tredegar, oom monly known as Professor Trcdogar, nnd further devising largo sums of money to tho orphan children of his deceased son, James, and suitable lcgaoina to his household ser vants, most of whom hnd served him faith fully for years. Wo shall provo that this will was executod on tho very day of tho toa tutor's death, but whilst ho was in tho full possession of his facilities,' 'Wo do not intend to raise that point,' BaW Sergeant Jekyll. ' Very well,' rapliod Mr. Bumptious. 'It iB just as well tlint you do not, for it would havo been unclean if you hid.' Mr. Bump tious dolivcrcd tills remark in his jocular manner, and was rownriled by.n laugh, in whioh oomo of tho jurymen joined. ' Now, gontlomon,' ho resumed, ' nothing doing mora certain than that this will wao pro 526 . ' ? ? ?- ? V ?' perly executed, yon will wonder why we oomo into court at all-tha explanation lies in tho faat that tho defendant claimB the wholo of tho enormous proporty of the l»tn James Tredegar-o property which, I am oredibly informed, yields, or ia oapablo of yielding, an annual income of over twolvo thousand pounds, besides a largo house in London, and very valuable personal effects— I Bay, the defendant olaimB all this under a deed of transfer, purporting to have been made years previously, for whioh the absurdly inadequate consideration was an annuity of fivo thousand pounds 1 I ask you now is it possible to believe that a keen man ol hnni. ness/liko tho late Mr. Tredegar, who was in tho main, the founder of hia own immense fortune, would have been guilty of such an not of folly ? Tho defendant, eeoing how hopeless it would bo to make any twolvo mon of ordinary intelligence boliova auoh a story has sought to bolster up his case by a letter from the late Mr. Tredegar, in whioh ho ia Bupposed to give as his reason for auoh an ex traordinary proceeding, tho oxtromo distrust he had of my oliont, his son, Stephen, who ho is made to say, ia a very minator of ini quity, and oapable of any crime 1 The ab surdity of such an acousation ia evon mora patent than the absurdity of the pretended transfer. Stephen Tredegar is a man of Bcionoo— a gentleman who haa lived for many years in a seoluded village in Ger many, whoro ha pursued his vooation as a chemist of the higher- order. There ho brought up tho children of his deceased brother, leading with thom a harmless Blameless life. If ho wore tho astute villain tho defence would make out, is it likely that ho would havo been oontent with such a humble, retired life? Would ho not rather have utilized his talents for intrigue, and ea tabliahed himself in aomo groat oity where his talents would havo a field for display ? Tho letter, I reforrod to— aa I am inatruoted a moBt impudent forgery — alleges that Stephen was in league with his fathor's soli oitor, and that the two would infallibly oom bine to obtain the property somehow—if so why did not tho older Tredegar dismiss this solicitor, and employ soma other in whom ho could confidently rely ? You will see that in order to sustain this deed of transfer it was absolutely necessary to blacken tha character of tho Bolioitor, who, under ordi nary oiroumstances, would hava been en^ trusted with its preparation. The lotter oontaina also a vague threat of somo formid able disclosure affecting tha moral charaoter of my client. I need scarcely Bay that wo have nothing to do with that. If Stephen Tredegar were the greatest villain in Eng. land, it could not offeot hia r/ghj to his father's property ; but there ia deep malice in this threat. Any accusation will always somo'.vbat taint the charaoter of the purest of men, and most espeoially when it is vague and undefined. Somo motive was necessary to account for tha singular nnimosity which tho defendant wishes you to believe that ? James Tredegar ohenshod for his son and natural heir, nnd refuge has been takon in oowardly insinuation. But tha real case for tho defence lies in the unimpeachable evi. dence afforded by the bank books of James Tredegar and Sir Oharles North, whioh clearly show thot large sums of money were paid by the former to the latter, and that annual payments of fivo thousand pounds were made m return. Thoy contend that the sums paid by James. Tredegar wero tharonta of the estates, .find that tho payments ot Sir QhnrlesNorfch/represonted the annuity. But I Bhall be able to placo these transactions be fore you in a very different light. For many yoars, the elder Tredegar and tha defendant speculated largely together in a speoies of informal partnership. Tho same booka will show that large sums of money constantly pasBed between them, nnd I am adviBed that tha payments, upon whioh tho case for tha defence rests, wero either made in pursuit of such Bpecmation, or, which seems to mo more probable, that a considerable loan haa been made to Sir Oharlea by tha deceased upon condition of repayment by annnol in stalments of fivo thousand pounds. I must direot your attention to tha great probability that tho idea of thia bill of transfer was first suggested by these money transactions, which could bo made so Berviaable, in sup porting by apparently unimpeachable evi denoo. tho supposed sale to the defendant. You will also bo told by the defence, that James Tredegar was in tha habit of making wills, for tho purpoBo of leaving his solioitor in doubt as to hia final intentions. Was there ever a more lame attempt at explaining away a difficulty ? ' Liko many rioh men, tho late Mr. Tredegar was much exercised in mind with reference to tho final disposition of his property, and having no specially loved one amongst his relatione and friende, ho ohanged hiB mind very often, But granting, for tho Bake of argument, that ho waB aotu ated by tho suggested motive in making so many wills, is it not in the last degree im probable that he would carry on this decep tion whilst he lay in articulo mortis — in the very jaws of death ? At such an awful time when tho portals of the unseen world were gaping to admit him, would he— oould he— busy himself about aaoh a trivial matter as doceiving hia solioitor ? Snoh an tut would, in itself, be evidence of anoh a morbid oon dition of the brain «a oould orly be regarded as insanity. Dying men Jo not ooonpy themselves in telling lies with their laat breath — or, if they do, they cannot be sane ; nnd we shall show most conclusively that the tostator was in full possession of his faoulties, although tho power ot spoeoh had s.lmost loft him. I will not furthor oooupy tho timo of tha oourt, aa I am satisfied I have said enough to show to you the mon strous naturo of tho conspiracy to whioh my unfortunate oliont haa fallen a victim. Call Josiah Thistlothwaite.' The solioitor took his stand in tha witness box with a jaunty, self-satisfied air, whioh was, in truth, assumed for the purpose ot oouoealing tho nervousness ho oould not help 'feeling at tho prospect of the.ordoal beforo him. In reply to ona of tho junior oonnsel for tho plaintiff, ho deposed that he had neted as solioitor and confidential agent to the lato Mr. James Trodegar for many yoara, that he had prepared many wills by the direotion of tho deceased gentleman, and that the last of these— the ono under whioh tho plaintiff olaimod tho property — had beon exeouted in his presence, after having been road over by the deoeasod in tho presenoe of tho atioBting witnes803. Mr. James Tredegar, ho oon tinued, was ablo to oonversowith him during the oarlier part of their interview, and waa oertainly in full possession of his faculties, but he gradually became -.10 woak that tho exortion of talking became too groat for him, - and (if tho witnesB remombored aright) ho signified his approval of. tho will, in tho prosonoo of the witnesses , by a simplo monyayllsblo and a bond of his head. Wit noBS was thoroughly conversant with Jamoa Tredegar's affairs, nnd had no reason what ovor to suspoot tho existonoo of any deed of transfer Buoh as that under whioh Sir Oharloa North had ontorcd'into possession of tho property. Tho consideration of an annuity ot fivo thousand pounds wa8 utterly inadequate, ns tho rovonuoa of tho ostato never wero loeo than ten thousand pounds por nnnum. Ho know that Mr. Jamoa Tro- ' dogar and tho defondanfi, Sir Oharles North, had Bpooulatod togothc.r, although ho had por/ionally novor been ! brought in oontaot with Sir Oharloa, tho businosa botweon thom being, ho aupposod, transaotod by a Bbaro broker. Questioned as to tho relations Bub aisting being tho doooitsed gentleman and his son, Stophen, Mr. ? Thistlethwaito said that thoy had been estranged for many years, owing to somo l.ivo affair of whioh tho father disapproved, Had known Mr. Stephen Trcdogar and tfono builneis tot \ ) - \ ? \ film. Never hoard the eldest Trodegar allegothat hia son had been guilty of any offence beyond that mentioned, nnd had reason to believe that the old gentleman would havo readily become reconciled to him, had Stephen presented himself for tho pur pose, as I10 (witnoss) had often urged him to do. Believed that Mr. Stephen Tredegar had somo position in tho eoiontifio world, and held the title of Professor, owing to hia having hold auoh a position at a German university. Tho obildren of tho elder son, James, long since deceased, had been edu cated at the cost of their nnolo Stephon, who had adoptod them on the death of their parents, somo thirteen or fourteen years ago. Had heard tho elder Tredegar speak in terma of commendation of this notion on tho part of his son Stephen, and believed that his last will waB made in accordance with that feel ing. Tho witnesses to that will wore trades men residing in tho neighborhood of tho deceased, who had boon oalled in for tho purpose, as legacies had beon left to all tho members of the household. Mr, Curtis, ono of tho junior counsel for tho defendant, began his cross-examination by asking Mr. Joaiah Thistlethwaito whether he wao tho same gentloman who had recently been acoused of malpractice. This question was objeoted to by Mr. Bumptious, and ruled inadmissible by the Court— but tho end was obtained all tho same— tho jury were made to understand that the witnoBB had been engaged in some transaotion whioh had been considered by some po.son or other as infamous. This ia a favorite method of procedure in courta ot justico, barristers being perfeotly satisfied to put a question whioh thoy know will not be permitted, but which serves thoir purpose in damaging tha character ot a witness, often, indeed, more than if the answers aro forthcoming. After somo unimportant questions, Mr. Onrtis asked whether Mr. Thistlethwaito was not in the habit of corresponding with Mr. Stephon Tredegar. * 'I wrote to him occasionally when tho business wbioh I was transacting for him re quired it,' was the answer. 'And, of course, you did not always Btriotly oonfine yourself to business?' 'JI do notjauppose any man of business is in the habit of mixing up other matters with hia business, ' replied Mr. Thistlethwaito. ' I know that I am not.' 'Will you swear that it was not in oonse qnenco of a letter sent by you that Stephen Tredegar oamo over to England a day or two previous to his father's death?' The witness hesitated, reflecting that it might be possible that some of hia letters had fallen into tho hands of tho plaintiff through Alma or Dart Tredegar, but he waa Baved by Mr, Bumptious, who objected to the nues tion. 'I am anxious to establish the fact that a oonBpiraoy existed between tho witness and tho plaintiff,' said Mr. Curtia. ' The ques tion is, I submit, admissible.' ;? Not oertainly in that form, Mr. Curtis ' Baid the Chief Justioo. ' Tho witness could not possibly give ovidanoe aa to tho motive of tho plaintiff.' ' Then, my lord, I will put it this way : Did you write to the plaintiff informing him that his father was dying ?' After further argument, Mr. Thistlethwaito was obliged to reply that it waa possible ha might hava mentioned the faot as he was then in correspondence with tho plaintiff upon nnother matter. Mr. Bumptious objeoted hera to tha line Of oross-examination adopted by hia learned friend. They were not their to try the validity of tho will under whioh tha plaintiff olaimed, but to deoide upon ihe value of tho deed of transfer. Probato had been takon out in duo course, nnd a verdict in favor of tho plaintiff would not establish his right to the property aa against olaimants under any previous will, but would merely nulify the title of Sir Oharles North. To insinuate, therefore, that there was anything wronc about the will, was merely to waste tho time of the court. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll differed from hia 'earned friend. The locus standi of the plaintiff must first bo definitely settled. It must be clearly ehown that he had a right to appear in that court as a olaimant. Hia olaim must come under consideration before that of tho defendant was dealt with at all. Moreover, what was tha object of putting in evidenoe with reference to tho will if tho question of its validity had no bearing on tho oase ? The defendant was ontitled to ques tion their right as muoh aa they were entitled to question hi». After a long argument, in whioh all tho oounsel engaged in the oase took part, tho oourt decided with Serjeant Joykll, and the cross-examination was resumed. But nothing of any importance transpired ; Mr. Josiah Thistlethwaito had told his tale, and adhered to it, submitting to a badgering ; which lasted for over two hours without I letting his opponents 80010 another point ! against him. * 'Did you boo him after tho will waa made? asked Mr. Curtis in crossexamina tion. 'I saw him twioaon that day, I find on ceference|to my book, but I could not poBBibly tell whether he had then mado hia will or not,' waa the reply. ' Waa he in the habit of talking to you about hia affairs ? Did ho toll you he had made a will that day !' ' I had known Mr. Jamoa Tredegar for many years, and always found him, liko moat auccessful men of business, very reticont. Wo never conversed .about '^ia privato af fairs,' ' Then he might have made a will that day?' asked Mr. Walton, counsel for tho plaintiff, when Mr, Curtis had resumed hia eeat. ' Ho might— I Beo no reaon why ho ahonld not havo done so,' tho dootor replied, and tho examination ended. Jabez Hooker then deposed that he had witnessed the will in question, which was read over in hia presenoe to the deoeased gentle man, and approved by him before he signed it. '!a it not unusual for witnesses to be made acquainted with tho naturo of a will they aro witnessing ?' asked Mr. Curtis. Witness knew nothing about it. Had novor witnessed a will before, and never wished to witness ono again. Waa a strug gling tradesman with a large family, and thought it hard linos that, just becauBo ho had obliged a customer by witnessing his will, ho should bo dragged away from his shop, and kopt dangling about the court day after day for almost nothing. Mr. Bumptious intorjeoted that the will had been read over in the prescnoo of tho. witnesses booauso of tho condition of tho deeeasod gentleman, and by hie express dosire. Thoro could bo no object in keeping its provisions eeorot, as ho was at tho point ot death, and all would bo known in a few hours. ' You saw Mr. Trcdogar Bign tho will ?' oontinued Mr. Curtia. 'Yes.' ' You nro ouro it was Mr. Trodegar ? You know him woll?' 'I knowod him woll onough. Anyhow, aro it likely na anyono olso oould bo a-settin' in Mr. Trodegar'a bed in his own room ?' John Stilcatoslifled'tothoBamo effect aa the lnut witnoss, but added that tho room waa so dark ho could not very well distinguish tho features of tho tcBtator. 'Do you doubt that it waB he, then?' askod Mr. Curtis, cngorly. ' No, oir — it wan him euro enough, but tho room waa darkish, and there waB heavy cur tainaon tho bod,8o thai I romombor wonder i ing how ho aould see to writo bis oamo.' The lato Mr, Tredegar's butler and house keeper were then called and gave evidence na to their master's sanity, but, as it waa shown that they wero dircmly interested in tho miccess of the plaintiff, being expectant legatees under the wiil in question, thoir ovidence could not be regarded as of much value. Mr. Sterling, a Bhare-brolier, deposed that be had transacted much businesn in shares for Sir Charles North and tho late Mr. Tre degar ; that be had been in the habit of paying to, and receiving money from, cither of tho two gentleman, on their joint account, and that his connection with tnem had sub sisted for somo years, during which ho had always regarded them as partners, at least as far as npeculntion in Btook and shares were ooncernod. Being asked in crosB-cxamination whether he had not kept account of euch Bums paid and received, he said that ho had, but that, unfortunately, hia books had perished in a fire some months previously, and it would be utterly impossible for him to remember what monies he had paid or received on acoonnt of the two gentlemon. He further added that, even if the books wore producablo, they would only have ehown tho transactions en. tered under the names of North andTredegsr as partners, no memorandum having been kept aB to whioh of tho two gentlemen made or received tho payments. The oase for the plaintiff oloeed here, and, aa it was then late in the afternoon the oourt adjourned until the following day. CHAPTER LVI. rBB CASE FOB THE DEFEND ART. On the resumption ot the oaBe, on the fol lowing morning, there was even a larger at tendance of tho publio than .there had been on the firBt day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll Btated the oase for the defence aa followa : 'My lord, gentlemen of the jury— my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply his heart was touched by the pathetio oonditioc. in which his olient haa been placed by the defendant. I shall begin by tolling you that my feelinga oIbo aro in terested in this oase, in as much as I cannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre tensions of tho plaintiff, baeed as they are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my olient, Sir Ohnrles North, a gentleman widely known nnd esteemed, hns leagued himself with one of the most reBpeoted solioitora of this city to defraud by meana of forgery and perjury. For, if tho oaso for the plaintiff bo true, these gentlemen must havo entered into Buch a conspiracy, and been guilty of such crimes. I shall soon show you, however, upon how rotten a foundation thia ohBrgo is based, and how, in reality, the guilt ia with those who make the oharge. In the first place it is necessary to consider the olaim mado by the plaintiff under tho supposed will of which so much has been said. HiB lord ship will not fail to toll you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unleEB you aro thoroughly satisfied that this will is genuine, it will bo your duty to return a vordiot for the defendant, without taking into your considoration tho deed .of transfer under which he now holw tho pro perty at issue./ I must ask you distinctly to understand that a verdict for the defendant will in nowise bar any future claim whioh may be mado by persona fanoying thomBelvea entitled under any other will, but will be merely an expression of opinion on your part that tha will wo erenow dealing with was not made by JameB Tredegar, or was not a genuine ex pression of hia last wishes. For, I beg you to remark that it by no meane follows, even if you aro satisfied that he exeouted that will, that it waa a bona.fide expression of hia in tentions with reference to the disposal of hia proporty. Our case iB that he made many wills, with a view to deceive his solioitor, who now aots for tho olaimant, and we con tend that, evon if tho will in [question were genuine, it was merely intended as a blind. But I am in hopes that I shall be ablo to show olearly that the will ia merely an impu dent forgery. Let us now consider what the plaintiff's witnesses havo to say with reference to this mattor. Mr. Thistlethwaito sayB ho prepared many willa for tho deceased gentlo man, thuB admitting a most important fact. Ho also admitted that ho had been in corres pondence with the plaintiff, and might have informed him of hia father's illness, and urged him to oome ovor to England nt onoe.' ' Mr. Thistlethwaito did not say that ho might havo urged tho plaintiff to oomo to England, he merely admitted that, aa ho waa in oorrospondence with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, nt tho timo, he might have informed that gentloman of his father's illness,' intorjeoted Mr. Bump tious. ' My loomed friend may bo right,' said Serjeant Jekyll, ' but it iB of no real conse quence, for tho witneBB -admitted thnt a lotter whioh was shown to him was apparently in nia own handwriting, and that lotter will ahow oonoluaively that, not only did ho urge Stephen Tredegar to como over at once, but that he wrote to him for no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to the pecu liar oircumBtancea attendant upon the exe cution of thia extraordinary will. The soli citor swears that tho testator was too ill to speak in the prcsenco of the witnesses; Jabez Hooker and John Stilea owear that it was read over to them before it was executed— a most unusual course of procedure, aa HiB Lordship will toll you— and John Stiios swore that tho. room was so dark that ho could not well distinguish the f'-vures of tho deceased gentleman. These witnesses were compara tive strangers to tho testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had beon tho habit of dealing, who had boon oalled in to witnesa tho will bccauso legaaica wero left to all the servants of the household. Thia is a very oonveniont way of securing a body of usetnl allies, and, at the same time, securing the absence from the room of per sons intimately acquainted with the deoeased. What will you think, gentlemen, when I tell you that JameB Tredegar was not in that room at all?' Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of ex peotation was noticeable throughout tho court, tho case was becoming exciting. Many eyes wore turnod on the jProfossor and Thistlethwaito, who exchanged a hurried whispered convorsatibn with Mr. Bumptious. Thoy both looked palo and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll nlono had noticed tho alight Btart, and rapid intorchango of glances, with which his announcement had beon receivod by them. Ho resumed : ' Yea, gentleman, inoredibla ns it may at first appear to you, I ossort thot Jamos Tredegar bad no more to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn tbo testimony of tho witneesea, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word thoy said, but they wore deoeived in supposing that James Trodegar signed that will, for tho person who did it waa his son, tho plaintiff, Stophon Trodegar 1' Thin donunciation, tho learned gentleman doliverod with tremendoUB ioroo, and, for a moment, the ProfeflBor, upon whom all eyes wero turned, winced, as it undor tho lash of a whip. Whence had thoy derived the informa tion upon whioh this neoiiBation wasfoundod? IIo knew not— ho could not iinagino how a secret only known to himBolf and Thiatlo thwaitc had been betrayed. Turning to hia lawyer who unt by his sido, ho asked, by a glanco, tho question ho dared not givo utter ance to. Thistlethwaito, palo as a ghost, lmd yot prosonco ot mind enough to shrug hia /, . i I f5 shoulders, as if insinuating that the accitm tion was merely n trumped-up charge, of a pieco with the rest of the case for the defence. This pantominc did |not occupy a minuto, whilst the scrjeant was wiping his brow, and drinking some water. ' Gentlemen of the jury,' ho continued, ' by a special act of Providence, wo have been placed in possession of tho facts of this de testable conspiracy ; for tho real truth of the impersonation was known only to the gnilty parties themselves; but, out of their own mouths, we shall convict them. Wo might oloso our caso here, but I shall not rest nntil I havo thoroughly convinced you of the truth and honor of my esteemed client, Sir Charles North, and his solicitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produce witnesses who will swear to tho signatures on the deed of transfer— experts, men of business and personal friends of the deceased, and I believo that in face of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of doubt that it ia a genuine document. You havo been told that my client and the late Mr. Tredegar speculated largoly together, and that the variouB payments between the two gentlemen, which, we oontend, were in pur suit of the contract made by the deed ot transfer, were, in reality, but incidental to suoh speculation. It happens, moBt unfor tunately, that the books of the broker who waa employed by them, were des troyed, but we shall produce receipts and entries in ledgers whioh I think you will have no difficulty in acknowledging bb genuine, and tho important tact must not be overlooked by yon that tha payment of five thousand - ponnda was made at regular intervalo by Sir CharleB North, which oould scarcely be tho case if it were in pursuance of haphazard epeoulation in Btook and Bhares. With reference to the theory that a large loan had been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point out its extreme improba bility, as Sir Charles North's banker will prove conolusively that he was never in want of money within hia (the banker's) knowledge, and that his drafta would alwayB have been honored to a very large amount in excess of his balance. The faotf is that the oaso of tho plaintiff ia entirely based npon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is ooncerned. The theory of my learned friend involvea the aupposition, not only that more than ono forgery has been com mitted by Sir Charlea North, or at hia in atance, and that variouB respectable persons are willing to perjure thomBelvea, but it also involves the Bupposition that a series ot coincidences have occurred which have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. Thia ia a violent assumption which would only be warrantable if facta aupported it ; aa it ia, it iB the 1 baseless tabrio of a vision' — as niry and unsubstantial aa a Will-o'-the-wisp. I will now— before dealing with the plaintiff's claim under the Bupposed will — proceed to establish our posi tion with referonco to the deed ot trans fer. Sir Charles North then entered the witnosa box, and deposed that he was tho defendant. Had known the lata Jamea Tredegar for many yeara, and been associated with him in many BpeoulationB. Received one day a letter from him (produced) in accordance with whioh the deed ot transfer was prepared and exeouted. Sir Charles then gave a long explanation of all tho oiroumstances of the case known to the reader, and prodnced a number of receipta, letters, bank-books &c.; Ha waa aubjected to a prolonged croBs oxamination by Mr. Bumptions, who strove in vain to make him loose his temper or contradict himself, and, on taking hia Beat, was congratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon hia behaviour in tbo witness-box. Amongst other questions, he had been asked whether he had not sought to detaoh Dart and Alma Tredegar from their uncle. Sir Charles admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that the Pro fessor had only borne the cost and trouble of their education for the purpose of ingratiat ing himself with hia father ; he added that in so doing ho was merely carrying out tho wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the children if ho found them worthy. Sir Charles also eaid that, if he were successful in the suit, it was his inten tion to divide tho property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at once. This annonnoement caused some Beneation in oourt, and Mr. Bumptious audibly re marked that it waa merely an attempt to oatch tho sympathies of the jury. The next witness was Mr. Freeman, who also had nothing to toll that ia not known to the reader, and waa likewise subjected to much badgering by tho counsel for the plaintiff. Two clerks in the employ ot Messrs Free man and Truelovo then deposed that the signature of Thomas Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, genuine, and that the body of tho instrument appeared also to bo written by him. Sumner had beon often, within thoir knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as he occupied tho position of confidential olerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on account of hiB dissipated habitB, which had led to fre quent absenoes from the office, and late atten dance in the morning. Knew nothing olsa against him. The manager and the accountant of the bank with which the lato James Tredegar did business, swore that the signature to the deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, hia ; and produced books showing entries of Bums received and paid in connec tion with the dealings between the deceased and Sir Charlea North. An official from Dootor's Commons now produced tho will under which tho plaintiff olaimed. Samuel Smithaon, an expert of standing! waa then examined. With referenoe to the deed of transfer, ho was of opinion on com paring it with other doouments in tho hand writing ot Thomas Sumner that it was genuino. Being asked to look at the will ha said that the signature ot Jamea Tredegar (attached to it) appeared also to be real, but, having learned that it waa Bupposed to have been written whilst tho deoeased gentleman was speechless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as n forgery. No man could, under such circum stances, writo hia name in hie ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa tures obtained nnder almost similiar circum stances, and in no single instance was there one which bore more than a general shaky rcsemblanca to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtia then handed tha witness some letters, and asked him to compare tho writing and signatures, nnd Bay whethor, in hia opinion, thoy were all writton by tho samo hand. Mr. Smitbson examined them long and carefully, and said that they wero most un doubtedly so writton, adding that corrobora tive ovidenoo waa afforded by tho paper wbioh bore tho samo water-maiK and the printed addresBat tho commencomont of tho lottora, in which tho peculiarity might bo noticed that tho tail of tho numeral ' '2' was missing in all, thus showing that the typo I UBcdhad beon brokon, and that all had been ' printed at tho oamo timo. i Mr. Bumptious askod to seo tho letters in | qucBtion. 'All in good timo, my friond,' ooid Mr. Curtis. ' Ono of them is tho letter from Thistlethwaito to tho plaintiff, which lias been already before tho court. You will havoan opportunity for inspecting thorn all presently.' In cro80-oxamining thia witnosa, Mr, Bumptious strove hard to lessen tho faot ot his testimony by asking him whether, after ! nil, questions as to the genuineness of signa- i tnrcu wero not merely matters of opinion, I and whether it was not posaiblo that other i experts, equally skilled with bimtelf. might | not hold a contrary opinion, to his \fcc.t d-c. ! But Mr. Smitbson was well used to the ! witness-box, and had been naked queetions ; too often to feel embarrassed, ho replied, i after such fashion that Mr. Bump- | tious might as well have left the questions j unasked. j Another expert then gave similiar evidence, nnd was saffered to lenve the box without oross-examination. To him succeeded n well-known physician of high standing, who swore that, in the condition that James 'Tredegar waa said to bo, it would be almost impossible for him to nee such muscular exertion as would be re quired to write hia signature in hiB ordinary manner. 'Slight not,' asked Mr. Walton in cross examination for the plaintiff. ' Might not a dying man brace himself to an effort under Buch circumstances, and write, for a minute, aa usual ?' 'Well, it iB just poaaible, and that ia all,' replied the witnesa. Another doctor gave similiar evidence, nnd then there was somo stir in the ooort, aa Mr. Curtia oalled ' Henry Laaoellea.' CHAPTER LVH. THE EECBBT RZCE8S. I think that the reader, who hag followed the fortunes of my heroine and her lover thus far, would not believe me if I attempted to locate their honeymoon anywhere else than in Grabenthal. That sequestered village waa endeared to them by bo many pleasant recollections that it ecemed the moBt natural thing in the world for them to return to it to enjoy the fruition of their loves. There waa no argument on the point, neither knew which made the euggestion, nor even when it was mado; and the expression of their in tention caused no surprise in their little circle of friends. There, where Alma had wandered 'in maiden meditation, fanoy free' — there, where Dornroschea had dreamed her dream of love, and tasted the awakening kiss of her prince — there, where they had cooed their first notea of mutual admiration — there only, of all places in the wide wide world, could they thoroughly realise tho blissful present, and .speculate over the roseate future. They made their entry into tho villiage, after unpretentious fashion, by the Eil wagen ; but Frau Werther had been advised of their coming, and as joyful a procession of merry-makera had assembled to greet them, as if they had been the noble Graf and Grafinn, whoEe ancestral ruins frowned down upon the valley in rebuke of Buch frivolities. There were maidena, looking like so many Gretchena ready to go on in the opera of Faust, yellow-haired, short- kilted, wreath boaring; lurichcn blushing and bowing ; old men and old woman in attire magnificent with brazes ornaments — in taaiyii-fTss high holiday in the village, and everybody was there to do tho young people honor. Foremost to greet them — the place waa hia by right — was the Herr Pastor, silver-haired, and rusty of clothing ; but hi3 old eyes beamed with delight, and -wedding- ribbons decked his hat ; whilst in his band he bore a floral offering in tho shape ot a huge aossgay, which hellastened in Alma'a waist-band, after he had given her a loving kiss of wel come. By rights, other village potentates should have followed the Pastor, hut Gustl waa not to be denied, and grossly infringed the law of precedence, bursting through the throng, and casting her brawny arma around her former mistresB' neck. Frau Werther, bustling up to interpose, lost her head also, and soon all laws were for gotten — to the terrible discomfiture of the village marshal of tho ceremonies, who wa3 not pacified until he had inbiced so many eohoppen of beer as to be indifferent to any thing. The first transports of the meeting over, a procession was formed, and the young couple were condacted to the mill, whilst tho local band played divers national airs suitable to the occasion. Hero a new trial awaited them, for they were compelled to hold a formal reception, whioh involved endless hand-Bhakings and pretty speeches, for every body, with the smallest pretension to be con sidered anybody, insisted npon paying his or her respects to tha bride and the bride groom. ' Thank Heaven, it iB all over !' exclaimed Harry, when the laBt of the visitors had de parted. 'It haa been tha most perfectly awful trial I have ever undergone in my life.' ' But your triala ara not yet over, dear,' said Alma, with a smile. ' There is to bo a grand ball thia evening, and you will have to open tho proceedings with the Frau Burg meisterinn.' Harry groaned. ' It's just my luck I' he aaid. 'We como here — to tho most outof the-way secluded spot in all Germany — hoping to bo left alone, and, by George, if we had been the Crown Prince and Princess of Prussia they couldn't have made mora pow wow over us 1' ' And you are not pleased to find that your little wiia ia not forgotten ?' ' Oh, hang it, ye3l I appreciate tho com pliment, child ; still, that does not make it tho less a bore. But I am not going to make you unhappy, littlo one, and I promise I'll danco with tlio Burgomaster's wife, or any other frau yon liko, bo long as my feet laat.' Harry Lascelle3 had not forgotten his ex pericnces on tho occasion of Gustl's be trothal, and, very naturally, he dreaded tho ordeal, which, however, he knew could not be evaded without giving dire offence to the Bimple country folk, amongst whom hia wife had passed ao many happy years. The ball began at half past soven, and lasted until one o'clock, whiah were tho or thodox hours in Grabenthal for beginning and concluding suoh a ' function.' Harry, albeit somewhat awkward at first, comported himself manfully, and to tho entire satisfac tion the of villagers, who, one and all, declared that tho young Fraulein had certainly found a husband worthy of herself. Notwithstanding tho previous evening's dissipation, everybody waB up and doing shortly alter sunrise, and, after they had mado a hearty breakfast, our yonng frionda Btarted out tor a ramble; which ended, as might be expected, on tho heights of Ruben stein, which locality was sacred to thom aa the place of their first meeting. The samo old rook who had witnessed their betrothal, sat upon tho samo withered bough, aud cawed his welcome as they ap proached. Be sure ho recognised tho youth ful pair, whoso love-making had called up such fond memories in his aged breast ; but, if ho envied their happiness, ho could nt least consolo himself by the reflection that ho, too, had tasted earthly happiness— he, too, had loved. Then they rcclincd onjtho well-remembered knoll, and ch&ttorod; pretty, Billy love-talk, until Alma declared that it was timo to go homo, if thoy did not wish to break Frau Werthcr's heart by spoiling tho dinner. ' As if wo could eat 1' exclaimed Harry, reproachfully. ' JuBt when I begin to feci tho divino affiatua stirring within my broast — just when I am thinking what a poom I { t could write, if I gave my mind to it — you break in with your prosaic reference to food. Almo, I am ashamed of yon !' ' Maybe, what you mistake for divine at- ? flatus ia only the incipient stage of hunger, dear,' replied Alma, with a merry liugh. ' Come along, at b.-aht, if wo p. re lint hur g*y, wo ought not to b-j no poetically p.Jciih a« to forget that our hosts may be more materially incl:ned.' That this view of the case was «hared'by the old rook, there can bo no doubt, fof, aa Alma finished speaking, he spread hiH wings, cawed his farewell, and swept gracefully downward to the pine forest, to hia accua tomed pasturege. After dinner, Alma was carried cff. willy nilly, by Frau Werther, in order ihat she might deliver a full, true and particular ac count of all that had happened to her since her departure from Grabenliial. Then Harry lit n pipe, and Btrolled li?tle?s!y . - abont the place, feeling very much aggrieved at being thus deprived of his bride at the very commencement of hip honeymoon, .end when no other companionship was available, and even reading was impossible, owing to the entire absence of books and newspapers in tho only language he knew sufficiently well to be able to read withont a diction ary. After an hour of unspeakable boredom, the young man wandered back to the mill, and began exploring. He Boon exhausted the sitting- room, which had been atripped of all the various little, kniok-knacks that gave it a home-like appear ance in former days, and bad been reduced to that orthodox Btiff formality 'which is the height of style in the eyea of the less culti vated clasaea. In tbo corner of the room there waa a small door, which Harry opened, and per ceived that it led into ohe of those stair-casca in the wall, which were eo dear to the archi tects of our forefathers. Ascending these Btaira, he found himself in a small tnrret chamber, which had evidently remained nn ueed'since the ProfesBor left Grabenthal, for, on the floor, were many scraps and shreds, the signs of ''packing up.' Near the window stood an ancient escritore which Harry loEt no time in opening. It contained pigeon holes and drawers innumerable, but all were empty, and he was about to turn away ,when he perceived, amidst the brass moulding, a tiny knob, which shone as if it had been sub jected to more constant friction than its sur roundings. ' A Eecret drawer, I'll lay my life 1' Harry muttered. ' Now for a glorioua find — open Sesame 1' (7'c l, ri :i!in ABIauWIio Could Keep Cool. 'Mister, no doubt you have all thelearnin' that's required in a school teacher, but it wants more than leamin' to make a man able to teach school in Cranberry Gulch. You'll soon find that out if you try. We've had threo who tried it on. One laya there in the graveyard, another lost his eye ; the laat one opened tcbool and left before noontime for tho benefit of hia health. He hasn't been back since, you're a slender build, and all your learnin' will only make it worse, for all our yoang folks are roughs, and don't stand no nonsense. ' This is wliat ono of tho district trustees said to ray friend Harry Flotoe when ha -6ie the yscsat poiiiiaa at — : ? teacher^ygp' 'Letrqc try. I know I am slender, but I am touglj and I have a strong will,' Baid Harry. '. ' Just aa you like. There's the school house, nnd.' I'll have notico given if yon want it done,' said tho trustee. 'I' do,' said Harry, 'and I'll open next Monday at 9 a.m.' The notico waa given, and there waa a good deal of excitement in the Gulch and along the Yuba Flata. More than fifty young people of both sexes made an excuse to drop into the tavern to get a sight ot tho fellow who thought he could keep school in that district, and many a contemptuous glance fell on tho slender form and youthful face of tho would-be teacher. Eight o'clock on Monday morning came, and Harry Flotoe wont down to the school house with a key in one hand and a valise in the other. 'Ready to_ slope if ho finds we're too muoh for him,' Baid a cross-eyed, broad-shouldered fellow of eighteen. The Ischool-house waB unlocked, and tha new teacher went to his desk. Some of the young folks went to see what he was going to do, though the school was not called. Harry opened hia valise and took out a large belt. Then, after buckling it around his waist, he put three Colt's navy revolvera there, each six barrels, and a bowie knife eighteen inches in the blade. ' Thunder ! he meana business 1' muttered tho oroas-eyed chap. The new teacher now took out a square card about four inches each way, walked to the other end of tho school-house, and tacked it tip against the wall. Returning to the deEk, he took a revolver from his belt, and quiok as thought sent ball after ball into the card till there were six balls in a spot not mush larger than a silver dollar. By this time the school-house was half full of large boys and girls. The littlo ones were afraid to come in. Then tho teacher walked half way down tho room with a bowie knife in hia hand, and threw it with so true a hand that it Btuck quivering in tho centre of the card. Ha left it there, and quietly put two more of the Bamo kind in his belt and reloaded his yet smoking pistol. 'Ring the bell; I am about to open school.' Ha spoke to the oroEs-eyed boy, the bully of the crowd, and the boy rang tho bell without a word. ' The scholars will take their seats; I open Bohool with a prayer,' he aaid, Eternly, five minutes later. The scholars sat down silently, almost breathless. After tho prayer the teaober cocked a revolver and walked down on the floor. 'Wo will nrrange the classes,' he Baid: 'all who can read, write, and spell will rise. Of them wo will form the first olasa.' Only eix got up. He escorted them to upper seats, and then he began to examine the rest. A whisper was heard behind him. In a seeond he wheeled, revolver in hand. ' No whispering allowed here !' he thun dered, and for an instant hia revolver lay on a level with the croBS-eyed boy's head. ' I'll not do it any more,' gasped the bully. ' See you do not. I never give a second warning,' said the teaohor, and the revolver fell. It took two hours to organize tbo classes, but when douo tbey were all organized. Then came recesa. The teachcr went out too, for the room was crowded and hot. A hawk war circling overhead, high in the air. The teacher drew his revolver, and tho next Eecond the hawk came tumbling down among the wondering echolars. From that day on Harry kept school for two years in Cranberry Gulch, his salary doubled after the firat quarter, and hia pupils learned to love aa well aa to respect him, and tho revolvers wero out of Bight within a month. Thoy had found a man at last who oould keep school. This is a fact. Respect tho Rights of Others.— The mm or woman who possesses tbo truo spirit ot conciliation knows that no right is too small to bo rospocted, no kindness too trifling to bfl rendered, no part of lifo too insignificant to command consideration. 