Australian Tales and Adventures, No. 22., THE TRIPLE GHOST. By Alexander Montgomery- I 'What d'yo think, though, ol a trijilr ghost?' It waa Jack Mirtin who put the qiestion, «ahe leant over tbo fence of the home-paddock at Karamilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. Jack— his local capacity ol stockman to the contrary notwithstanding — was s gentleman; there could bo no doubt of that. Good educa tion—good manners — good heart— but not that important something which ia so terEely yclepi ' ballast, ' ond for lack of which— to carry the fi-jnro further — tho argosy of Jack's existenco bod suffered grcivouB and repeated damage, if not actual shipwreck. But, by a natural compensation, it is not Beldom given to these flighty soula to take the wqrld mora easily than thoir fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, ' yarning' there, that morning, with an old bluo shirt on hia back and an arcbaio ' cibbage-tree' over hia good-natured countenance, waa as cheerful aa if ha bad not been tbo eon of on aristocratic Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a-dozen high-bred young women in far-away England. If Jack was cheerful, bowover. hia story was not, and tho smile ot incredulity npon tho faces of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of the power ot tho born raconteur. All this was Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, lean testify that the story made a do^jJ impression on me ot tho time. It may not likewise affect you, but at anyrate here it IB. 'ItwasBix years ago,' said Martin, and just after I'd had that cropper over the wire fence at Carmicbael's on the^Gonlburn.' Aa I've told yoa before, I waa pretty well emashed np on that occasion, and as Boon aa I could be moved I was sent down to tho hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that ostonished the doctors — who, between our selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month 1 was able to get abont ; again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow cho had eomo into a bit of money whilo he was working with me on Carmi chael's station. Either a Swedo or a Nor wegian he was — with Halk Bjorren forhi3 name. A decidedly queer fish ho was, too, but not a bad sort in the maiD, and eo, as he and I bad been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him np and pay him a visit. Iknewhi3 place was on the coaat, and I thought b spell in the sea-air would be just the thing for me. 'Well, to cut matters short, another week found me abont a hundred milea up to the northward, at a 'place called — 1 think — Whandamo. That's something liks it, any how ; and it don't matter much, for it was a miserable dog-hole enough — stuck in the middle of a Ecrnb-covered flat, bordered on one side by low sandhills. Boyond theao sandhills was the eea, and, about n mile off along tho coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a hut that looked as il.it had been built from the timbers of a wreck. As in deed, perhaps it bad, 1 or there had been a good few ehip3 driven Bshoro thereabouts, from timo to time, and tha Whandamo people bad some curious talcs about the ghosta ol tho drowned, and so forth. At these, of course, I laughed — but not for long 1 ' I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti tious, but before a week went over my head I got the biggeBt fright that ever befell me in my life. ' Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and thoagh ha omitted the trifling formality of Baying that I waa welcome, ho made me feci it, which was better. Indeed, he was a man who never Baid much at auy timo— a Etrange, tail, lanky, long-noEed, wido-eyed creature, who alwaya snggf sted to mo a eort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton's Riccabocca, and who was not without a foir share of Ricca bocca's learning cither. I know ho was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed if it had not been for his books, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning abont tbo shore, and, aa he didn't volunteer any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. 'A dreary ehoro it was; nothing hut sand and ecrno na far aa the eye could roach. Put mo a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire ; but, aa you may guess, I didn't like it any tho worse for that, and eo for a oonplo of days I wandered about, thinking of old times, and trying to fanoy that if I topped the Band hills I should seo the spire ot Lincoln Cathe dral looming far acrosa tho fens. ' Well, I think it was tho fourth night I'd been at tho place, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I Eaw her rising out oftbe sea, like — but that's what everybody gUBhes about, bo I'll juBt let it alone. I trill say, though, that when sho was fairly up it was easy to see that she waa no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrato. I was alwaya fond of speculating abont the moon, and aa I strolled slowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood curdling that I started violently and dropped the gnn into a pool of Eea-water. Nor did I think of picking it up, for when I turned round, I Baw a sight that drove everything else clean oat of my head. Within aboutthrce hundred yards of me, and running in my direction, waa o woman. A small, Blight framed woman, sbo seemed, with long, dark clothoa and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along tho sand aa she ran. No 1— sho was a toll woman, with a whito dross, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No I f Eaid to myself a second time — wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senses were leaving me— as I now Eaw no woman at all, but o man, within a hundred yards ot mo and still running on. A toll rongbly-dreased man, with what oppearcd to be o tomahawk in his left hand — I saw bis faca distinctly — white aa death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder as ho came. 'Helplessly 1 gazed at him, until when ho was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, hu quickly shifted tho tomahawk from his left hand to his right. That broke the spell 1 There was something so natural and human in the action that my wits came back to mo in a moment, nnd down I stooped for tho gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could use it aa a club. Well, boja, I didn't have to uso it at all. When I stood up with it grasped by tha muzzlo in both hands — tho man was gone I' — and Jack, with truo dramatic art, came hero to a dead pause ond began slowly to cut up tobacco. ' Gono?' I asked. ' Hun away again, do you mean ?' 'No, sirl Gone!— disappeared I— van- ished 1' 'Coine, eomo, Jack!' I said, laughiDg. ' That's tho stereotyped sort of thing, you know 1 You should havo finished thinga off with moro originality !' ' Don't it utriko you,' said Jack, gravely, that it's just bccauso I'm telling tbo truth that I haven't finished off, as you say, in a less stereotyped manner ? Were I stuffing you, bi rre «ay hereabouts, nothing would bav« been easier than lo give matters a rnord original. turn.' 'Perhaps yon had some 'bard stuff* with you, and taw double? ' eaid Billy Anderson, tho red nosed little cook, who was a thirsty soul, and spoke according to hia lights. 'Siw treble; you mean !' put in 'tha store ' man, who waa the wit of the station — ' though thal'd but a IrMe, insinuation.'' Mirtin shook hia head. 'Noboya,'he said. ' Strange to say. I hidn't nt that time tasted any l'qnor for over four months. If I wasn't downnvht out of my mirfd for about thirty soconda — for it all passed in that time — I Eiw txic'ly h\W 1 tell yon, ondcxaotly as I te'l yo.'.' ' Waa tV-ro nothing that could have con ceal-d tho figure V'' I asked. ' N ,vhin~. Fiat ai tho pilm of jrour hand for haif o miie on eveiy side of me. Bnt he=r me out !' and, having lighted hia pipe, Jack hitched bicaiclf further npon tho fence and wentcn — ' I cannot doscribo to you how I felt. It Eeeir-ed to mo aa if the whole Eceno around mo had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. ' Tho very moon seemed to have changed into eomo awful thiog — some fearful personality, if yen understand mo— that kept glaring downwards on me aa I made the beat of my way back to the hut. H^re I saw something that wasn't at all calculated to ateady my ne?ves. Ejorrenwaa asleep, and apparently dreaming— some awful dream, by the look of him. Hia hair — very , long nnd shaggy it was-- waa tcs3sd all about the pillow, and his facc wr.a streaming with perspiration. He kickcd obout, too, and struggled, and at last he cried out something that made me start once more. 'The axel* he Bsid— ' the tomahawk ! My God 1 ehe'a down ! ' I wer.t over and Ehook him till ha woke. ' What'a the matter, old man ? ' I eaid. ' II ive yon been dreaming ? ' He sat up, shud dering and wiping the damp from hia face. 'Dreaming!' he said. 'Yes, thank God it . was only a dream 1 ' Then, when he hod coma round a bit, he told me liia dream ; ond — yon may believe me or not, lad?, said Jack, slowly and deliberately — ' but this ia what he told me.' ' He thought first, he Eaid, that he saw far back into the early times of the colony, and that three persons, a man and two women, occupied the very hnt we wero in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that these were the sole survivors of a shipwreck, . and that tho man had built the hut out ol wreckage. Tho man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to the younger of the two women, and thuB aroused the deadly jealousy of the other, who waa hia wife. And now, as the dreamer saw them, a quarrd arose. A quarrel which grew more and mors Eavage, until the injured wife snatched np a knife and attacked her rival, who rushed Ecreaming out of the hut. Acrosa the moonlit sands Ebe fled — after her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in tnm the faitbleaa husband with o tomahawk.' ' Ripidly the second gained npon the first, and the third upon both, until the hunted woman waa overtaken, and threw herself down upon her knees, ecreaming wildly for meroy. She did not receive it ! The fury with the knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength — cat ber throat 1 It was the work of a moment, but, before the murderess could rise to her feet again, the_ husband arrived npon tha spot, and, shifting the tomahawk from his left hand to his right, he drove it fiercely into hia wife's Eknll. Down she went beside -her victim, and lay there aa motionleaa — and aa dead— na. a,log._ Too _raan, too, remained as_ motionleaa, after he had struck the blow, 'aa if he had been turned into stone. For a lew moments, that i^ ; then he flung the toma hawk far away serosa the Eand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, frantic with horror and remorse, climbed npon the roof, made a line tost to the rude chimney, and hung himself ! ' Such was Bj orren's dream,' went on Jack, after a pause, 'and I leave yoa to guess what effect' it hadspon me, coming after what I'd seen. And what waa more', lads, when morn ing came we examined tho outEide ol the chimney, and found, euro enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-inch made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line tbo murderer banged himself with, or it might not. You can form your own opinion; all I know ia that I've described the matterexactly aa it occurred, and that I cleared out ot tha accursed place that very day. Aa for Bjorren, ooncludcd Jack, getting down off the fence to depart, ' he may be there yet, for all I know. He was juat the sort of chap to euit Buoh 'ghostly work, but ono such fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to thia day, I can't bear the sight of the full moon.' Thia was true onough. We had all noticed and laugbad ot the peculiarity in question, though whether it hod ita origin in the manner described ia a point which I have never — whatever yoa, reader, may do — been able to settle to my own satisfaction. A subsequent occurrence, however, induced me to think it possible that the whole story was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling — though wa knew it not— on the verga of insanity. Nor ia thia supposition invalidated by the art with which the talo was (old, since it is a matter of common expeiicnce that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in Bome particular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. In the month of February '75, or about fourteen months after hearing the story I - have here reproduced, I waa on my way to the Wannamilla country, in Queenaland, and had got as far aa Jelligap, on the Macdonald River. Just beforo dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the littlo hotel, when two troopers galloped into the township and pulled up for a drink. Their horsea showed tho marks of a hard ride, aud there was soon a little crowd round tho hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to bushrangers, ond it waB with some thing like disgust that the Jelligapiana learned it was only a lunatic the troopers were alter. A man on Colonel Masterman's Yarnna station had, it Appeared, suddenly gona oat of hia mind, and, alter firing twice at the overseer, had mounted hia horse and taken to the bush. ' Wo'ro bound to havo him before morning, though,' said ono of tho constables. ' He was seen faking the track to Donnelly's Fork and that's aa good as a rat trap to him.' And EtSt proved. About eight next morn ing tho troopers rode into tho township again with tha lunatic — still on hia own horse, but bound and handcuffed— between them. Some thing in the poor creature's faco Btruck me as being familiar. I wont closer. Good God I — it was Jack Martin 1 - ' Jack 1' I cried. ' Jack Martin — you know me, don't you, old fellow?' Ho 'laughed chcerfully. 'Oh, yes,' he said, 'I know you quito well.' You're the Angel Gabriel. What havo you done with _ your wings, though? Excuse my not raising my hat, but you eee'— with a glance at his bonds—' there aro eerioua mechanical diffi culties in tho way 1' ' Where aro you taking him ?' I asked the troopcra. -? ' Magistrate and doctors, first, air— then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum?' And to Brisbano Asylum poor Jack went ; but ho didn't etay thero long. Three weeks afterwarda 1 was in Brisbane, ond oalled to sco bim. 'Martin?' said tho clerk, turning ot« tho leaves ot tho book. ' Martin, John. Ah, hero it ia! Admitted, 23 February; died, 27th. Four daya afterwarda, yoa see.' I did see ; and saw, too, that it waa bettei co, 