THE REV. J. 0. KURBY AND THE REV. WOOD GREEN. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, J. C. KIRBY. Sir—Are all the Greens going to fire at me ? Mr. Wood Green is very inconsistent. He congratulates me for standing only on the New Testament and then shoots at me the opinion of Dean Stanley. Oh, Mr. Green! Now my authority for infant baptism is the only com mandment Christ ever gave for the use of water-baptiuc, Matthew xxriii.—"All pjwer is given onto me in heaven and earth. Gj ye, disciple the nations, baptising them into the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe, &c;" Here I have a finite verb telling me what to do—viz., to disciple; secondly, I have tiro psrticipal clauses explaining how to do it first by baptising, and then by teaching. I carry this out to the letter by baptising the lambs for whom Christ died, and I afterwards teach—and by the combined process I obey Christ, and transform the children into the disciples or scholars of Christ to my best ability. I am well aware that Mr, Wood Green wishes to make ont that belief and repentance, or the credible profession of them, should precede water-baptism. That credible profession of the above did precede in certain cases recorded in the Acts is obvious, but in the face of the broad terms of the baptismal law to argue that because of these cases credible profession of faith and repentance always must precede ie, in my opinion, absurd. Christ's law is broad enough to cover the baptism of infants and of persona coming over frjm Judaism and heathenism being baptised. A ciedible profession, &c; If I show that certain women have been imprisoned for stealing watches, that does not prove that men ought not to be imprisoned for stealing watches. If I show that certain converted heathens aad Jews who had not previously received Christian water- baptism, were so baptised, that does not prove infants ought not to be. I have as much warrant from Christ to baptise infants as Paul had to baptise the jailor, so far as I can gather from the New Testament, viz., from the soli tary and only commandment Christ ever gave for the rite of baptism. And I will not yield to Dean Stanley nor any other of the secondary authorities whom the Rev. Wood Green seems so fond of. lam quite prepared to seethe Rev. Wood Green execute a series of logical absurdities in the use of Mark xri., 10— "He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved." For example, he will probably attempt to make out that a declaratory promise ib a command. He will also seek to make out that a sentence which lays down the conditions of salvation is intended to teach the preliminary condition of baptism. He will do so on the notable principle of the Rev. Canon Green that " order of expression denotes order of reality." Then, without a shadow of proof, Air. Wood Green will assume that the baptism spoken of in that text is water-baptism, for like all the enthusiasts for water, he will take nearly all the texts in the Testament with the word baptism in as treating of water, and will if possible exclude reference to the mighty, die saving, the divine baptism of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. Wood Green is probably alarmed lest Congregationalista should believe such superstition as that they made babies into children of God and inheritors of tile kingdom of heaven by means of water-baptism. If so. Brother Green, allay your fears. We think all little babies are born inheritors of the kingdom of heaven and children of God. We think that by the Christ of God "justification has come upon all men, specially on babies." He may also be alarmed lest we should believe that we foolishly pretend that by water-baptism of infants we procure for them remission of sins. We practice infant baptism out of explicit obedience to Christ's only baptismal law; we do so in order to give effect to His vast authority over heaven and earth. The univenalism of baptism we hold to accord with the universality of human need and of human redemption. Christ gave himself a ransom for all; be did not leave oat the babies. We are to disciple the nations, and babies are a large element in most nations ' 