The Advertisese PUennR.IsED EVERY TUESDAY, THUISDAY !: .?!A-D SATIRDA?MORNIiEG. 1.:' Bairnsdale, Saturday, Decembler 24, 187. . ';CnrIsrTrAs, with its many ancient customs and old and varied traditions,' that gay and festive season of the "Christiinil'wborld~swhen all' enideavoi"so far as'in' thgem lay to cast-aside the animosities and jealousies of everyday life, and to beat peace with all man kind,-haso6idce-more comu!rouud, and ere we place another issuein the hands of our subscribers -the Christmas-of 1887 will have taken its place with its predecessors in the pages.ofthe;p'aet. To. many Australians, old colonists enough they may be, navlug ,irlt reminiscences of the snow-clad roofs and icicled-eaves, of Yule Logs and frozen sheets of water, it is yet difficult to associate this season with bright sunshine, cloudless skies and scorching days, but nevertheless, though there may possibly be some little difficulty to reconcile themselves to such altered circumstances, they are still imbued with that sentiment of generosity and kindly feeling at this season of the year to assist all in less fortuitous circumstances than they are to spend a pleasant time. Though not having, like the metropolis and other large centres of population, charitable insti tutions for the relief of those in desti tute circumstances, we may still number in our midst some who, from sickness or other adverse circumstances, will not be a position to provide perhaps even the common necessities of life, but we believe that if any such cases do exist they are, happily, few, and we fortunately possess in thq locality a society of ladies whose care it is to attend to the wants and well being of those in distressed circum. stances, and we can safely trust this band of ladies to well and worthily do their self- imposed duty, see that none are wanting a good Christmas dinner, and do their best to provide a merry season for all. We are pleased to believe that, as a whole, there will be nothing whatever to mar the pleasures of the holiday of 1887, for many a cloud which erstwhile threatened to partially obscure the sun of enjoyment has been swept away, and this season will truly be one of peace and pros perity. There has for some time past been ample employment through the medium of the loan and other works for the entire laboring class in the community, and this, combined with the magnificent season Providence has blessed the district with after such a series of droughts, has had the effect of relieving many of the burdens which were oppressing them heavily, and will enable them to enter upon their rounds of legitimate pleasures with lightened hearts, and the more so when they possess the self-conscious ness of having contributed their quota towards the needs of those less fortunate. It is with feelings of gratification that we believe we can congratulate the district on the fact that this Christmastide approaches under far more favorable auspices than did that of 1SSti, and also in believing that there is by far a more promising outlook, so far as future progress and prosperity are concerned, than there was twelve months ago, and consequently all will be preparing for a brighter and merrier time than they did last year. That all anticips. tions indulged in by the young and their elders in the district will be fully realised is our earnest desire, and eno and all throughout the locality we wish SA MI:maY CitatsTuas. There will be no publication of The Adverliser on Tuesday, the 27th December, nor on Tuesday, the 3rd January. Some correspondence on various subjects, as well as district and general neowa, must be hold over till our next issue. Monday: aind Tuesday having been proclaimed public and bank holidays, will be observed as such by the banks, public offices and business places in Bairnesdalo. Two racehorses, Mustang and Maid of the Mill, wore brought to Lindenow by rail, and arrived in Bairnedalo yesterday. The coach and steamer were late last night, owing to the train being behind band, having broken down at Caulfleld. Last night Mr. John Thornton came here to see about the opening of the line to Lindenow. The Christmas vacation commenced at the State school yesterday, and the annual distribution of prizes took place. Owners of horses are requested to call at the secretary's office to-day for the passes for their horses and trainers. ,The concert on Thursday evening, in aid of the prize and gymnastic funds of the State school, was a great success. We regret the crowded state of our columns necessitates hold ing over an extended notice till next issue. At the performance on Thursday evening, Masters Hopwood and Drovermann were first and second prizetakers for climbing the rope, and Masters Jones, Osborn and Stuart were first, second and third for per formances on the horizontal bar. A case of perjury, Randall v. Martin M'Namara, was called on at the police court yesterday, but neither of the parties appearing, and Mr. Stuart stating, the case had been settled, it was struck out: \--..Yesterday, at the police court, a case of illegal detention of a bullock was .heard, in which Mr. T. Smith was plaintiff and Mr. F. Roder defendant. After hearing the evidence, the bench directed the restitution of the bullock, but declined to allow any costs. We learn that another resident is about to leave the district, for a time at !least, Mr. W. Rowe, of Lake Victoria, having sold his property. During his sojourn in the district, Mr. !Rowe has done his best to advance the interests of his locality, and we believe he' was the first one to moot the jetty at,Waddy Point. At the Bairnsdale Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. P. V. Drevermann and M. Goold, Js.P., Joseph Cousany was charged with vdgrancy,,. Constable Walkinshaw, giving evidence that the accused w\as begging on the previous day, and he then arrested .him. Other evidence having been given that the accused had been begging, the bench sentenced the accused to two days' imprisonment in Sale gaol. .Robert Connolly, on fraud summons, did not appear. Mr. Greene, who appeared for Mr. Feil. chenfeld, stated that the non-appear. ance of the accused was a sufficient reason for their worships to make an order for imprisonment, but Mr. Feil chenfeld desired to give him every opportunity, and therefore Mr. Greene asked for a further adjournment of the case. Adjourned till :Tuesday, the 24th January. Robert Price, for 'sing vrofane language in a public. place, was ined ten nnllliinge or twa days' imprisonment F. Holloway and Co. proceeded against Charles Wilson to recover £4 8s lid for goods sold and delivered, and obtained a verdict for the amount with £1 3s costs, with immediate execution. On Monday evening next the Sheri. dan Comedy Company, who have been making extensive preparations, will give the first production of their Christmas pantomime, and we believe there will be a great treat in store for playgoers. We have only to state that Mr. W. Seehusen has been occu pied in painting the necessary scenery to convince all that it will be excel lent; in fact, we can guarantee that, as, having had the privilege of a private view of several sets, we can confidently assert that nothing ap proaching it has ever been attempted in Bairnsdale. The Jewelled Cave and other scenes will be witnessed with rapturous delight, and we can predict that the transformation scene will create an ovation in Mr. Seehu. eon's favor. The Sheridan Company were here some short time back, and from the able manner in which they produced and enacted comedies, we are quite satisfied they will excel as pantomimists, and we feel sure they will be greeted by a bumper house on the opening night. We shall indeed be much surprised if the pantomime does not have a good run. The music has been arranged specially for the occasion by Mr. Stacey, and for com pleteness the approaching pantomime will outshine everything hitherto pro duced here. lihe Australasian Sketcher for Do comber is an exceedingly. excellent number, and contains several on. gravings of great merit and on interest ing subjects, and the letter press is more than usually good. Accompany. ing the current number is a splendid lithograph, a copy of Mr. A. Colqu boun's prize picture, ".Divided Atten tion." The sicene is a room in a country public house. A young man in riding attire has been interrupted in a quiet flirtation with the waitress of the establishment by an elderly gentleman who, entirely unconscious of his malapropos entrance, has taken a seat and is preparing to launch forth in small talk to the young man.' The latter, out of politeness, has to give the old man some attention, but his eves and thoughts plainly wander to the young woman at the door, who returns his glances with interest. There is certain to be a run on the Sketcher this month, and we strongly advise all who wish to obtain copies to, make early application to the local ageon, Mr. N. M. Pearce, .. The annual examination of the scholars of St. Mary's Roman Catholic school, Baiamsdale...took. place on Wednesday last, the 21st inst. The examination was conducted by the Rev. P. Olane, professor ,of St. Pat. rick's Colloege, Goilbourn, assisted by the Rev. D. B. Verlin. There was a' large attendance, and the examination occupied the entire portion of the day. The result of the examination will be made known at the re.oponing of school, and prices will be awarded to the successful children of each class. The parents of the children attoeldin, the school are requested to be present at the distribution of prizes. The worthy pastor of the church, the Rev. P. O'Donohuo, was also present at the examination. Accounts are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnsdale, for Bruthen Pro specting Committee, IH. 1i. Cousens, J. Cowell, J. C. Davis, J. Dunlop, T. Evans, W. Gilmore, if. Gullan, D. iI. Hill, W. J. Murcutt, J. 3E'Colm, J. J. M'Donuell, Orbost Prospecting Com mittee, H. iRead, W. P. Sullivau, C. Simpson, C. Test and C. Woodhouse. Our Upper Tambo correspondent writes:-" We were favored on Wed nesdey last with a lecture on " Slavery and other customs in East Africa," by the Rev. II. W. Lane. A good atten dance was present. Unfortunately, our irrepressible village idiot was also present, and made an attempt to die. turb the meeting, but he lid not succeed. One's patience is almost exhausted with this young man's con duct, and he ought to be warned against going too far, as his offences are already numerous. The lecture, which was very interesting, was listened to with great attention. It was an account of the rev. gentleman's per sonal -experience of slaves and slavery. At the conclusion, Mr. Lane alluded to his approaching departure,. and commended to the members of the Church of England the Sunday school, which.had been started and carried on under their auspices for some years, and the divine services which are being conducted by Mr. E. S.North. The benediction pronounced by Mr. Lane closed the proceedings." - A ghost story, in which the name of a deceased journalist well-known in Gippsland, is thus told by the Ballarat correspondent of the Leader :=-" singular circumstance occurred at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday morning. 'An old and respected resi dent, who regularly visits the institute, was about to enter the reading room, and .upon his opening the door was noticed to become very agitated, and appeared to be'looking fixedly at something, invisible to .those in the room, near the second window. After a few minutes. the gentleman in question turned on his heels and walked into the library, and startled Mr. George, the librarian, by saying, " I don't know whether I am going to die soon or not, but I have just seen poor' old 'Mr. Britton in the reading room, who died some months ago." " Oh, nonsense," replied Mr. George. " But it is not nonsense," replied the other; "I saw the old gentleman standing by the second'window, with his vbhite hat'and light coat, as plainly as ever I saw a man in my life." The gentleman was much affected, and after walking about for a few minutes went home. [The Mr. Britton re ferred to was some years ago the pro prietor of the Mercury.] Since springing a leak a short time ago, Nelson's old ship, the Victory, has been carefully surveyed, and it has been discovered that several of her timbers below water are worm-eaten. These will be removed and fir sub-. stituted. When this has been done, the whole of the ship above water-line is to be covered with canvas, which will be painted to resemble wood. It is expected the vessel will then last saother century. Owing to some defect in the heating apparatus ,in Oldbury parish church on a recent Sunday, the church was suddenly filled with sulphurous fumes while service was being held. About 20 persons fainted, and many children and adults bad to be carried out of the building. Four medical men were summoned, and at first it was thought some of the cases were serious. Re storatives, however, were successfully applied, and those affected being restored to consciousness were re moved to their homes. Numbers of school children, who were in the gallery, fell from their seats in a semi-suffo cated condition. The service was abruptly brought to a conclusion. " A pound saved, is a pound gained.". In order to convince yourself of the above saying go to S. Feilcheonfeld and Co's. drapery estabhshment. They have just received two cases of new dress material, and ten cases of men',. suits, boys' suits and youths' suits,. men's trousers and vests, mens, boys and youths' hats, and they are deter mined to clear the lot at an alarming sacrifice, for reasons stated on the first page of this paper.-An.. Husbands and wives, fathers and mothers, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, uncles and aunts, nephews and nieces, cousins and sweethearts, wishing to make each other Christimas presents or New Year gifts, should go to G. H. Cole's and see if they can't get a better, cheaper and more useful present or gift there than anywhere else. Last year there was a general consen. Sus of opinion that Cole's was thie best nace to co to for sterling valne. This year the stock is better thalin ever.-AnT. Ladies who wislh to buy their millinery trimmed in Melbourne style would do well to inspect a case of straw lhats which Messrs. S. Feilchenfeld and Co. have just received from Melbourne, nll ready trimmed. Besides being very stylish,, they are a marvel of cheapness. The same firm have anlso received a lot of all-satin parasols and umbrellas, com mencing at 5s Cd ; the handles are beautiful. Also, a lot of embroideries, commencing at Is Cd the dozen, direct from the mannufac urers.--nADT. 