A Mysterious Stone. Fort. (Naihville American.) ' Theke is nothing in Tennessee, or in, the south, whose antiquity is so mysterious and entirely beyond the domain of decent speculation as the old stone fort, which is a mile and a-half below the town of Man chester. - The two prongs of Duck River come within, say, 200 yards of each other, and then widen out, making a territory of perhaps 1,000 acres in the forks of the river and below the Narrows. At tho Narrows the fort commences by a stone wall, now covered with earth, running from ono river to the other, and there the ?walls are built along the banks of both rivers down to a point where a canal had been out from one river to the other ; there a wall is made from one river to the other, perhaps a-quarter- of a mile. On the outside of this wall is a hollow, and in'this hollow is the sign of the canal or cut. evidently intended to protect the fort by both tho wall and the canal. From tho upper to the lower wall, at places, there' are high bluffs on both rivers. 'Wherever this bluff — precipitous — is found there is no wall, but where ever there is no natural barrier the wall is built. The entrance to tho fort was at the upper end, and the gateways show that the builders were doing their work intelligently. The entrance is by a narrow ' passage, with walls on each side, and offsets so as to prevent the enemy on the outside from having a direct entrance for themselves, and so as to protect those on the inside from missiles on the outside. The fort contains 47 acres, and is, or was, -when the writer first saw it, heavily timbered, many of the trees of large size growing on top of the walls. Colonel Sam Murray, who settled there about 1808, cut one of the trees from the top of the wall and found it to bo about 500 years old. One mile up the river from the fort is an immense mound — tho largest one perhaps in the country — making it probable that the fort was built by the mound builders. Beyond this nobody knows anything about it. Colonel Murray, who was a man of high intelli gence, claimed to have conferred with the Indians of different tribes, but none of them could give him any account of it, either by tradition or otherwise. This fort is one of the many evidences that in this country, at some remote period, there was a race of people of more stability and intelligence than the roving Indians which the first settlers found. From the time of the first settlement of tho country there were ghost stories connected with the old stone fort, which about' 1834 culminated in a most remark able episode. In 1833, six gentlemen, men of high standing, who lived in the Murfreesborough, went out in the neigh bourhood of the old fort to have a fox hunt. The country was thinly settled, and there were many deer. After having camped out for several days, one night they saw strange sights, which caused them to leave next day. They were not communicative, but the story got out, and was much talked of. The next fall the same six gentlemen, with nine others, went back and camped upon the same spot. It was said that they were quite anxious to sec the same sights that had been seen before. But a week passod, and they saw nothing, though thoy were quite successful in killing deer. At the end of about a week a man named Lutimer got two small boys in tho neighbourhood, and fixing up' a dumb bull went out to see how they would stand a strange noise. It was in the fall, u frosty night. The hunters had a big fire and were in a great glee. For three hours the dumb bull was made, to work from different points in the woods at a safe distance. At first the hunters wore disposed to laugh, then they got quiet, finally they' commenced shooting. Many guns -were fired. This was kept up until tho man and two boys left, which wus about midnight. Between midnight and day the whole 15 men left the camp, leaving their meat and other things, and went to a farmhouse, the house whoro tho two boys who had been in the mischief were sleeping. Next morning the huuters told wonderful stories about what they saw, how it came close up to the fire, and how impervious it -was to their bullets, how it changed about from an animal to a woman, and what it would say. Tho two boys wore as 6till as mice, for they had stolen off from their fathor by the persuasion of Latimer, who wus himself a hunter and wanted to drive theso hunters away. The 15 men left that morning and went buck to Murfreesborough to verify and make good the ghost story of the year be fore. Tho 6tory got into the newspapers and was the biggest sensation that had turned up for many years. Biit it got out that a hunter and two boys had scared . them away. ' This was denied, and tho ghost theory was maintained with heroic verity. One of the gentlemen, Jack Fletcher,' was often a member of the legislature afterwards, but this ghost story always stuck to him. Another ono of them, Lcn' Sims, was a member of Con gress from Missouri, and was a war democrat in 1847. After making a war speech a Whig who was not for the |war told the Tennessee ghost story with much colour ing on Sims. It was said to modify his intense war spirit very much. This knighthood service in tho land of ghosts took place 53 years ago. All tho participants are dead but one of the boys, why lives to write this story and to verify its truth. 