CAPTAIN BOXALL'S SUGGESTION. There never was a man so ready with suggestions as Captain Boxall. He had one to offer to everybody. Nor did it in the least matter to him what the emergency was ; punctual as clockwork, out came his plan, as if he had been pondering it hours before. " Why don't you do this, sir ? " " Why don't you do that, ma'am ?" were phrases continually upon his lips. If it had been possible for him to have strayed into Downing-street, when the whole group of Cabinet Ministers were sitting in conclave, discussing some crisis of State, Captajn Boxall, before he had overheard six words of the business, would have certainly broken in with, " Why don't you ?" And he would have been ready with a plan, too, if lie was not put outside the door at once, before he could utter it. The captain had lived many years in India, where it is understood Europeans look on the natives very mucli as children, who do not know how to do anything until they are told the way. Since he had returned to his native village, where he had settled down to spend the remainder of his days, he had gone on treating the people there in just the same manner. He could not pass a lad in the street spinning his top without asking him why he did not wrap the string round some different way. For it was a peculiarity of Captain Boxall's suggestions that they were always novel ; in fact, just the very contrary of what anybody else would have thought of. He was encouraged in his habit by the only person who lived with him, his maiden sister. In everything that happened she turned first of all to him and asked, " What do you suggest, Captain Boxall?" Some of the captain's many plans, as might have been looked for, did not succeed, but some others did : and this was to be noted in his case, that when the suggestions failed, they did so completely, just as they turned out amazingly well if they had good results at all. To which of these two categories belonged the strange instance we are about to relate the reader will find out satisfactorily for himself in the end, without our spoiling the story by anticipating. Late one night there came a sudden knock on Captain Boxall's door, and before he could reach it the door opened, and the grinning face of a neighbour was thrust in. " Captain! " the neighbour said, " there is a thief in your wood-shed ! I have turned the key on him, so you have got him safe." The captain's sister, who had begun to scream at hearing the word " thief," rallied on learning that he was in the distant wood-shed, not inside the house. Pacing round, she said, " Captain Boxall, what do you suggest 1" Certainly here was a case where the need for counsel had come closely home. " Well," replied the captain, trying to be prompt, though all his habitual briskness was not quite forthcoming, " anybody could suggest the police. It must be something very different to that if the thief is to be reformed." Taking up a lantern, he bade the still grinning neighbour to go home. " 1 shall know how to deal with the case," he added. And it was very likely that he would know, for Captain Boxall's heart was right, if his head was rather flighty. When half-way down the dark yard, his sister, standing at the door, saw, by means of the illumination of the lantern her brother carried, that he knelt down in the open air for a moment and prayed. This was not a bad preliminary. " He is asking God's blessing on his suggestion," Miss Boxall said. It did not occur to her that, even from the Omniscient, Captain Boxall would ever need to ask for a suggestion itself. Turning the key back, the captain passed into the woodshed, and there he found the thief crouched close against the wall, trembling in limb, and with a face as white as that of a ghost. On the ground beside him, tied fast with rope, ready for carrying away, lay a large bundle of wood. " Ah, my friend," began the captain, " this is a late visit. Why did you not come earlier? You might have visited us during the day at a better hour. But come with me; I will show you the way into the house," turning about with the lantern. The thief evidently could not believe his own ears. He stood stockstill, rooted to the spot. But on the captain, who had walked straight towards the open door, repeating, " Come, do not keep us both out in the cold here," he had to follow. But Captain Boxall spoke again. He saw that the thief had, as might have been looked for, left the bundle of wood behind him. " Nay," he said, " I beg you to bring the wood with you." The thief shook his head, but would not touch the bundle. "You must bring it," continued the captain. " It is not mine. Make haste with ft." "It is yours," was the man's stammering answer. " No, it is God's. He only lent it to me. You have not stolen it from me, but from God. Do you not know the eighth commandment ?" More and more bewildered grew the thief; large beads of sweat oozed out on his white face. But the captain stood there, firm and unyielding. At length the man had to take up the load and totter with it across the yard after his leader, who carefully showed him the way with the lantern. Captain Boxall marshalled him straight into the kitchen. " Sister," cried the captain, " we have a visitor. Order bread and cheese and some coffee instantly." It happened, however, that the servant was just cooking the evening meal over the fire, and this was soon put on the table, the maid then being sent elsewhere. But the guest had no appetite; he could not speak, much less eat. However, the captain would not be denied, and his sister, who happened to come in, backed him up as usual, though she looked much amazed at this last suggestion of her brother's. The thief had to try to eat, despite his throat being to dry to swallow. In the meantime Captain Boxall went on talking in the same mild way. He asked after the man's family, the names of his children, if he got on well with his wife, and so on. To every answer the man gave he attended patiently and sympathetically. At last the meal was over, and although the man had mustered a little courage during its progress, how he wished he was now outside the house ! The beads of sweat again shone upon his face. 1 1 1 think you had better stay with us the night over," afresh began the captain. " Still, just as you will. We could make you up a bed on the sofa, for it is a dark night without, and the roads are none of the best. I can promise you a comfortable shelter ; still, as I said before, if you wish to go, no one hinders you from doing so." " I should be glad to go home," faltered the thief, with tears starting in his eyes. " Then go in God's name," was the prompt answer. The wretched man did not need a second bidding. Shamefully muttering good night, he •was making hurridly for the door when Captain Boxall put himself in his way, " You are not," he said, " taking the wood with you," pointing to the bundle on the floor. In abject humiliation the thief, prayed to be forgiven. The captain told him he had nothing to forgive. He continued : " Set it right with God, It is God you have offended. He alone can forgive you the sin. But you must take the wood ; I wash my hands of it." There was no help for it; the thief had to take up the wood and carry it off with him. Ah, how it pressed upon his conscience as well as his back ! As he bore it home it felt tons' weight. In the very break of dawn next morning there was a timid but insisting knock heard on Captain Boxall's door. The captain rose and opened it. There stood his guest of the previous evening. " Why are you here so early ?" asked the captain. " I could not rest without coming to you," replied the thief, " All night I have been tossing on my bed, repenting that I have robbed you and sinned against God. How shall I ask Him to forgive me !" " That is speaking rightly," gleefully said the captain. " Come in." He read the Bible with him, beginning with the passage which so solemnly asserts that thieves shall not enter into the kingdom of God, but going on to the blessed words which speak of pardon and peace. From that day he who had been a thief became a reformed man, and after a long trial of his honesty had been successfully gone through, his friend the captain got him into the membership of his church. In this one instance, certainly, great success attended the suggestion which occurred to Cap- tain Boxall.— P. H. Bramston, in Day of Best. 