Sunday Reading, The Essentials of Religion. . BY BEV. ALFBBD BORLAND, UJ.B., B.A. "Ho hath showed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, mid to "walk humbly with thy God."-Micah vi. 8. IT is a great tiling to get down to simple principles. One of the hopeful signs of our own days is a growing disposition to do so which asserts itself in all spheres of human thought. Men are trying to simplify old classi fications of facts-to trace complex pheno nena to fundamental forces from which they all spring-to analyse what wero oncc regarded as dements, into their constituent parts; and -thinking men are everywhere convinced that the original elements of creation are but few, and that the dynamic and chemical forces which control and fashion them are very simple. "When I was a mere child I was delighted with : a kaleidoscope, and for a long time did not tire of watching the changeful combinations of colours and shapes. To this day I can re member my amazement when I took it to pieces and discovered that all these varia r tions resulted from a few bits of broken glass. The child's experience is repeated very often. In science and in theology alike, we are recognising simplicity where we once im agined that there was wonderful complexity. And the ultimate result will be that, from a new standpoint, men will adore the wisdom ntui the power of the Creator who built up such marvellous varieties of life and being from dements so few, and by the use of forces so simple. The doctrine of Evolution is one of the best known instances of what X mean. By the law of natural selection, and by the law which br ngs about the survival of the fittest, .weeding out as it does creatures and organs which are far less fit or less required, come the varieties of type and development-from simpler originals. And if we do not push this theory beyond proof, if we remember that evolution presupposes original creation, if we keep in mind the eternal gulf which is fixed between other creatures and man, who was made in God's imago, who was ordained to be their Lord, into whose frame God breathed the breath of life, so that he became a living soul-we may not only accept that theory with out fear, but with devout thankfulness, as being one of the noblest contributions to the stores of human knowledge of which the century boasts. An earlier example of the tendency to which we are referring may be found in astronomy, in which various and seemingly erratic move ments of some heavenly bodies, which were once accounted for by ingenious theories, are now attributed to the working of one simple law. Indeed, you may draw examples from any branch of science. It is no wonder, then, that the 6ame principle is at work in theology. X, for one, have no anxiety about the process ; indeed, I rejoice that we are getting down the fundamental Christian truths, which will ulti mately make more dear map's duty and God's ' love. This was, in part, the mission of Christianity. The new dispensation was introduced amidst an ecclesiastical and religious system which had been necessarily complex from the first because it set forth patterns of things in the heavens, but which had been made far more complicated by Scribes and Pharisees. God's temple of truth could hardly be seen from the human rubbish which had accumulated about it, and Jesus Christ came to sweep it away. You remember how He did so. His sermon on the Mount must have amazed all His hearers. It went down to the very roots of human life and duty, and was a fresh revelation of truth. At a later period He dealt with the ten commandments, which seemed so marvellously simple compared with the Mosaic laws of ritual and of social life, that the people imagined they could not be further simplified. But when the great Teacher waB asked: "Which is the great commandment of the law r" as if they could be balanced one against the other-He said: "Thoushalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the firat and great com mandment, and the second is like unto it: Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." Turn also to His teaching about prayer, l'ou know what long petitions the Pharisees used, and how the heathen also thought that they should be heard for their much speaking. But Jesus said to His disciples: "Be not ye, therefore, like unto .them." And when they said : "Lord teach us to pray," He gave thcin no liturgy, hut a short simple prayer, with in the four corners of which you may put the yearning of the whole world. His disciplcs followed in His footsteps. Even St. Paul, who was by far the most subtle- minded of them, analysed Christianity and showed that it consisted in three things-" faith, hope, and love1and finally he reduced even these to one, as he did also in another epistle, when he exclaimed, " Love is the fulfilling of the law." The fact is, that the nearer men are to God, the simpler becomes their religious life and their religious thought. When Moses wrote the details of the Levitical law, he was below Mount Sinai, but when he was on its summit communing with God, he saw Divine truth in u few great principles. And if God is ever to make a great religious thinker and teacher of you He requires, as a first essential, that you should be childlike. Jfe must take you at your simplest, or not at all He wants, M It *etej tilts germ of yoar life, not the complicated pr^t oiis influences you have made of yourseii. Depend upon it, no man wantsgreat intellec tual acuteness and force to g^hddof Christianity; on the cont.-arv; these v. HI prove serious disadvantages if they ^ cvnicism or to self-complacency. C1'"*T}n}F T -within reach of the most ignorant, of the youngest child in this assembly^ wh<f «:nTly Lv . " I love God, and I know God lo\esine. Brethren, I am afraid that we have been trying to make tilings complex while God lias been SeSug to make them simple: It is o>» of our duties as Christian teachers to brush flsraT accretions around the truth ; to givo less pro minence to mere intellectual d.spu atwnsabout it: and to show men how sunplo, jet how decided, are tho requirements of God from eVJdS, lfca true prophet, endeavoured tJ Aft this in his day. He had charged tne people with godlessness and thanklessness, and tho> Virnbii in with multitudinous professions of what things they were Willing to do _ if toly they wero required- But they implied what many now assert-that _ religious teachers had such contradictory views that it was impossible to know which tiling to offer or to do: and therefore they had done nothing. " Wherewith shall X come before the Lord:" asked this typical Israelite. . "T;h sort of sacriflccs wanted? Shall X given oxen, or calves, or rams, or oil, or my own children, and how many or how much of eaclir Ana then, amid the clatter aud the wraugle, down comes this message, like tho bolt from heaven which ends the thunderstorm: He hath showed thee, 0 man, what is good. And what doth the Lord require of thee out to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thv God?" You understand it well enough. Will you do it? or are you prepared to suffer the heavier punishment which will surely befall the servant who know his Lord s will, bat did Jt Look into our text a little more closely. Ho hath showed thee, 0: man, -what is good. Micah could fairly say this to everyone _m Israel; but much more forcibly should-the words come home to us, who have heard the teaching and known the life ef Jesus, Son of God, yet Son of man ! . Justice had been taught Israel by institutions like jubilee year, which rectified the wrongs -which periodically recur in complicated society raving liberty to helpless slaves, and restora tion of land to those from wlim it had been alienated. Merciful provision for the poor was made throueh institutions from which the nine teenth century has still much to learn, even, while we thankfully acknowledge the labouis of "ood men who have abrogated the cruel acts of olden time in England. Consideration for others was taught bv ordinances like those which forbade the second going over of the vines and the gleaning of the fields. Even the capitalists and owners were to be taught that they had no right to secure to themselves all they could get. The claim of the labourer for a day's wage lor tne day s work was not to be neglestcd, was not e\en to be delayed in settlement, and the vicious prin ciples of long credit and consequent usury were hit hard by Mosaic laws. On the other hand, man's relations to God were indicated by the Sabbath days, which were God's claim on tune; by tho tithes, which -were God'sclaim as income; br the first fruits, which were God's claim on increase; by thank offerings, which were God s "i,Mm on thankfulness; and by burnt offerings which svmbolised God's claim on a man s whole self. The more we study the institutions ot the old dispensation, the more clearly you will see the truth of Hicah's declaration so far as every son of Israel was concerned, He hatn showed thee, 0 man, what is good." This bad "bet'n made more evident by ex amples among tho saints of men who did justly, who loved mercy, who walked humbly with their God. But these examples and these laws are as much our heritage as theirs, while we can add to them the loftier teachings of the new dispensation, and the incarnation of all that is just, loving, and holy in Oesus Christ oar Lord. Whatever your life may be, how ever far you are from realising tins ideal) there is no lack of knowledge-"The Lord lias showed thee what is good." _ But we ought to sec more clearly than gome of us do, just -where and how these religious duties, these Christian claims, should reveal themselves in our own times, and in our pre sent circumstances. Let us take up one of them at a time, and look at it fairly, that we may know what it implies to us, who are nominally religious people. _ I. What does the Lord require of thee but to do justly ? Of course the reference of tho pro phet was to justice between man and man, which was but seldom seen in his day. Happily, our law courts are, on tho whole, among our noblest institutions. The possi bility of our English judge being bribed, or an English jury beinjr tlireatened into giving a | verSict, is hardly dreamed of, and with all our ! insular pride and domineering manners, our rule in India and in other dependencies has (tinder God) done much to answer hopefully the J old weary question of the weak and wronged, " Is there a God that judgeth in the earth?" It is not in that department of life that we re quire tho exhortation. In it, no doubt, wo fur surpass the prophet's hearers. " ' But how about business affair*. What if tho conflicts between capital and labour V Ls all as it should be there ? And if not, have religious men no responsibility ? Lookunder the surface of society, at the fierce competitions, at the unscrupulous cutting down of rivals, at wicked exactions of time and labour from the helpless, jnd the lighting for work before the dockyard ^ates, and tho rush of hungry applicant* for a situation, even at starvation wages, and rou vill be inclined to think that Tennyson had move reason for writing some of his earlier words than some of his later ones, when ho asked Is it prwt* or w#r! Civil war as I thfnjc ; And that tlic vUcrjis luiderimnd, -V - Jiofc openly bearing the sword. If I were speaking to working men X should ?point out some of their xmfuiruess-m scamp ing work which is fairly paid for;.m:strikes for hisrlier wages when employers cannot givo it in combinations which put unj.ist prcs.nro on men of their own class, and ro fortll-but I am sinking to employers when X ask: << What dotli tlio Lor'l reamre o£ tlieo but to will readily admitthat thmgs are not as W should be. But while thousands Z- "Somebody should do something, Government should do Boiftetlnng. ^lyhero dnd there one savs, "X roust do something, and, God helping tile, t will." K only every mem ber of every Christian Church would resohe oil that, tho world's future would bo foom this moment; for if wod° bUt OTi ' tlio right side, coral insects though -no are, wo shall help to tring about ft new heaven and a new earth. Non'T it certflllily is the fact that in many departments of l.umafi do not do justly; that labour is not ^""7 numerated; and when Christian emploj es S the Judge of men, and the^ are examined (is to lioW far they have lovea then- neighbours (is themselves. It to plead that labour was cheap U. their cl a > Ibe So the labour market w.ls:Ml; Or, tfat Jt was a recognised principle of political economy that the relations Of suppl? aildg not be tampered wiA.. G°d "4" of them that they should do 3^«i; Tako tho caso of an omnibus drncr, who cloes not get 0110 day in seven for rest and recreation, who begins work so early, and ends folate, that he confesses tluit lie would not know li s own chUdren if lie saw them m the street, because he is away before they are up and not homo before they are in bed. Doestliecom pnuv which pays a large percentage by exaet Fng "those hours do justly f Think of the poor woman who summoned a chain manufacturer at Cradley-heath, Worcestershire, fo .Is. 6d for wages. Ho raises the defence that tlio woman's work was not according to paTni, and produces 50 iron lmks which the woman had made-for what do you suppose r-for one Denny * Try* to realise what tlio heart-breaking, lopeless tod really means. Hammering away from early morning to late at niglit, in a smoky, grimy hovel, neglecting home and knowing no solace but the stupor of drink for a livelihood of 50 links a penn>.. Talk of merry England-of Christian Eng land we dare not-when there are samples of what is perpetually going on; and worse still, when even for such starvation wages men aJttd women havo wearily to wait, eagerly to light, hopelessly to starve, les . I know aU that ib urged about the crowded labour market; but 1 say to Christian statesmen, Christian philan thropists, Christian men of business generally, are bound to look into these matters. If the sliming structure of our modern civilisation, like an old Mexican temple, can only bo built upon a layer of living, struggling men flung in for a foundation, it will topple over in ruins when they stir. Goths and Vandals did not play their part for the last time when they broke up ancient civilisation. They were "the scourgo of God," and may be yet again. Over all Christendom the voice of the prophet rings: " 'What doth the Lord require of thee but to do ^o, you are not personally responsible for all this, but you are bound to think over it, to pray over it, to move opinion in your own circle about it, and to do justly in your own sphere. And this I rejoice to know is widely and bravely done. I could give instances of men, well known to mo, who are stepping out of the beaten, track, and who are risking some thing in order to deal with their employes on the old principle, "Thou shall lore thy neighbour as thyself." And with all my heart I say, " God speed them." . II. But what is the second requirement.-' It is this: To love mercy.-Of courso it is not intended that each of these eHall bo displayed Tm'atmay say: "Well, I do not profess to be sentimental or pitiful, but I am just and honourable; X deal fairly with those who deal fairly with me, and owe no inan anything." Yes, you do! Pinisn that text: "Owe no man anything, but to lovo one another." .That, debt of love you have not paid yet, and will never fully meet. Another may urge, "Ianicer tainly merciful j 1 give to various charities; I do not "forget the poor, and in the courso of the year I do many an act of kindness." Yet tho philanthropist in the church may be tho screw in' business; grinding down the souls and bodies of those he employs I obtaining the means and money by the sacrifice of justice. Tct another urges, 141 can claim to be con sidered just and merciful. 3£o one can say X am not upright iu business, or that I am not pitiful to tho poor; but I confess I do not walk .humbly with my God. I know I am not a re ligious man." Repent, then, of thy-wicked ness, for kindness of heart,.uprightness of con duct will not avert from theo tho sentence, "Depart from me, I.never knew you." All these duties are required -of "cach of you. "What does tho. Lord require of theo, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk hmnbly with tliy God: ; . If I were asked to distinguish between the first two requirement* I should say, that to. do justly is to do what right requires, and to love mercy, is to'do what love requires; Tho former includes nil that is ductoyour fellow nmn, auvliow, in any way, and which ho may fairly demand; tlio Utter iucludes.'all,which your fellow cannot claim, but' which God can claim for him, on the gtmmd of, the infinite mercy which lie has shown to you. .- - V Merciful kindness is not so infrequent/W cynics suppose. . There is a vast amount which can never be tabulated, and which is .not oven suspKsted. There arc invalids whoso 'weary, hours are lightened by the presence <af a kindly neighbour, and whose fevered brow is cooled by gentle hands. There aro fallen and degraded girls who -have had now hopo- inspired in ^ them by the tender .touch .and.word of a pure sister. Thero ore hungry poor who havo been, kept from starving by 6ome who have sent from their own tables what lias satis fied their wants and stilled their, crying chil dren.: There arc somo who arc "wavmed and clothed because ladies have given tiino and* strength they could ill spare to help_lbcm, who understand better than they used to do the words of Jesus: "I wot naked, aid y» clothed me." It is by such personal effort that mercy is best eliown; and many of yon who aro too 'occupied to givo that service your selves aro thanlcfnl for . an opportunity of enabling others to bo your almoners, who -will bo ablo to select tboso who requiro and deseryo such help. Even tho busiest of you may in this, way meet tlio diviuo requirement, and show mercy. How slight, how paltry, appear all our sacrifices compared witli tlio Bclf- eacn flce of others who liavo followed Jesus more closelj*. Think of that noble father Damien among tho lepers at Molokai-the lovely island in a smiling sea, which looks a paradiso, hut is tho homo of miserable lepers who long for death. Their only hope has como through that bravo mes senger of mercy, "who is now himself stricken with tlio fell disease, and wrote to a friend the other day: " Almighty God knows .what is best for iny ^notification, and with that con viction I say daily a good Fiat voluntas tuat -Let Thy will be done." - Think, lad, of living one's life, one's life with sucIE us these; .. _, , To leave all bright and fair for honour anil foul For'the sick that none can cure, the sorethatnone Do you think the stoutest heart would facc it un dismayed. .. And more-to know full well itb like .will come to One^own clean body and soul, skull bo this hideous mass, . , ,, Tliis loathsome, shuddering heap one fuin /vspuia In tlicbreast of the kindly earth, to liide from eyo of day. . He heard the call nor stayed: "My Master, here His'workwas there, and he went to do Ills work Hope'totbe hopeless he bore, and tlio comfort that 'Xo the'lieiirts of men who lay.in the baic of tho shade of death. ???.,; . .. He has loved nnd worked for tlio leper, it's now AndthertTOkciia/faUeii at last, and tlio end it Ho ^Toven.md: work to tlio end as surely the WhT fSow't'hc bleeding feet of tlio martyr Son Tlie0'^" tliat fathomed and sealed, or ever their ThenwbfLabyss' of love, and its heights that Know the sun. III. "'And what doth the Lord requiro of thee, but to do justly and to love merey, and to walk humbly with thy God ?" This last re quirement is not the topstono of the edifice, but its foundation. You will not rise to communion with God by first becoming a just and kind hearted man, but fellowship with him, begun, though it is, in peniteutial tears and xn consciousness of sin, will enable you to do justly and love mercy among^ your fellows, for, looked at it in their true light, these in* volve, as we have seen, more than what is customary or natural. They may involve us in odium* and may call for considerable sacrifice \ and prompting thereto must como from the source of all good thought and impulse-from God Himself, with whom we may humbly No Arctic traveller expccts to find palm tree* growing in the regions of ice, and we do not expect to Eeo this ideal life except where the sunshine of God's love is realised and re joiced in. Is it realised by you? If not^tho barriers aro on your side, not on His. This Advent season reminds us that God has como near to us in Jesus Christ, that the light of His may shine upon us, that we may know as the pardoner of our sins, as the Giver of our mercies, as our Master, as our Father in heaven. Yield yourself up to Him as a living sacrifice, and sacrifices for others will follow. Love Him with all your heart, and you will love your neighbour as yourself. Walk humbly with Him, and you will walk honestly and kindly among your neighbours. Yes, walk humbly with Him, for you are a sinner, more undeserving of His mercy than tlio most of thoso around you are ot your mercy. "Walk humbly with Him, for you aro only His steward, and must account nothing you have as being absolutely your own. But walk with Him, not bowing down in abject helplessness; walk, going forward in deeds of honour and of kindliness; never sleeping, never idling, nover standing still, is the course marked out by the footsteps of Jesus; yet bo always full of joy and songftilness, because "He is thy God," who loves thee, and re deemed thee. And since without divine graco we can do none of theso things, let us join our brethren in the collect for this day: 0 Lord; raiso up (wo pray Theo) Thy rower, and come among us, and with great might succour them; that whereas, through our sins and wickedness, wo arc 6oro let and hindered .in running tho race that is set before us, Thy bountiful - grace and mercy may speedily help and deliver us through the satisfaction of_Thy Son our Lord, to whom with Thee and tho Holy Ghost, bo honour and glory, world without end. Anien. . A VERY peculiar frcjik of the barometers on board two of tho ships which liavo just arrived is'reported. The matter deserves tho investiga tion of .scientific men (u ^Melbourne contem porary says), and it is 'of the greatest importance to shipping men ; and master iimrikeni; Captain JSrskino, of tho brtrquo Thornliebank, reports thafc; ho encountered very bud weather for 28 days after leaving Glasgow, such weather as he describes as being tho worst ho has ever known during a long ex perience at seu, and yofc the barometers re gistered about 30 throughout, and were consequently prncticjilly useless. Captain Loitch, of the ship Falkland Hill, uiul lito chief officer of tho Brilliant, reports that from 12 degrees - north to 30 degrees Bouth, tho barometer never, rofi©;:above 29*70, notwith standing that tlio weather at timos, and for long period*,' wiis exceptionally fiuo. The instruments in use on board both ships are of thoveiy bent, nnd woro in good order. Both captains have hud great experience ut sea, but cannot account for tho freak, 