THE CONTRIBUTOR. by the river. Br R. M. It ia the end of the holidays, whose pleasures for us this year have been found " by the river," not in " sport" of any kind, but with earn awake to the music of the birds, and eyes open to some of the beauties surrounding us at every step. „ , , , At every torn the nature of the river-bank changes—now we are treading down the wild peppermint and other fragrant weeds which grow apace ; presently vre are on a stretch of eand in which there are thousands of silvery mica sparks; following the curves of the river we are among scrub and tea-tree, which are bowed by winter currents till they almost touch the pebbly bank where they have grown ; brown aud white, large and small pebbles, which are only beyond the water's edge at this season. A little further and we must leave the river side, for the bank rises too steeply for any lootbold save that of the dark wattles and the brambles in their shadow. The wild raspberries are scarlet and tempting, but generally flaunt themselves beyond our reach. A large isolated wattle at some distauce from the river tempts UB to liDger in its cool shadow, and now we see the grandeur of the giant eucalypts fringing the river, grandeur nnperceived while we walked beneath them. The smooth, shining trunks and limbs present Jovely'tints of grey, with creamy and orange patches here and there, whence crisp folds ol brown bark have newly fallen. Long, trailing branches droop almost to the water, as if athirst. We are quietly watching the flecks of gold thrown about us "wherever the sunlight finds a way through the dark feathery foliage, and the birds come round us fearlessly, chirping, twittering, delighting us with "blithe notes of music," yet busy always. The gay little bluecap and that other tame fly-catcher which the children love to call "Willy Wagtail." A little soberly-dressed tree-climber peeps at us now and then with brightest eyes as he trips up the bark in search of insects. Iu liquid tones four magpies are sweetly discussing their family affairs. A few crows flap heavily by, complaining as they go. Only the white cockatoos, with sulphur crests erect, look upon us angrily and screech aggressively. A flash of blue—there flew a kingfisher ! The bills far away southward are "dappled o'er with shadows flung from many,a brooding cloud," while the ranges close to us—so close that we can distinguish the " -various green " of the trees covering them—show cool blue depthB of shadow in wavy lines marking the course of winter torrents which dash over the rocks, forming lovely cascades, on their way to the river. The tops of the currajongs have a new growth of vivid, shining green ; the apple-trees are greyish-blue ; and above these on the hillside there are the soft dark tints of pine and box. Close beside us the dark, strong bracken is varied by " golden-tintel fern leaves" and thousands of golden-headed dandelions. The thistles are adorned with creamy silken tufts awaiting a breeze. The purple-throated lilac trnmpets of the castor-oil plants will be among later developemente, as also the large, delicate, pink blossoms of the wild convolvulus, which hangs between us and the river clinging to the pine-scented box-bushes. # Through a paddock bounded on three Bides by the river we trend homewards, knee-deep in the long rich grasses, gay still with wild flowers. ~ The boundary of the paddock is completed by a long curving lagoon, and just above that, cut in the hillside, is the main road through this portion of the Murray valley. Presently the 6carlet mail-coach and its brown and grey horses pass along above the lagoon, giving new tints to our picture. Over the rises where the trees are only " vegetable ghosts" and the long grass is sun-dried, paBt the yellow hayfield and the greenest of acacia groves, and our stroll is ended. A little later and the moon is far up in the western sky, but not yet large enough to dim very much ihe lustre of the stars, though showing clearly the outline of the hills on every side. Eastward the view is narrow, for on the opposite bank of the river to that on which we stand the hills rise abruptly—too abruptly we think, when daylight is broadest and the treecovered wall so decidedly says, " No farther Shalt thou see !" but on the nights when out of the dusk the moon appears, having already gained consio'erable height, giving a background of light to the dark cone-shaped hill just below her, and at whose base the river winds, and the river itself is turned to silver shimmering and sparkling, where the water ripples over shallows or breaks against obstructions—then indeed the picture is perfect. 