THE NOVELIST. Tie Mysterious Bell-Ringings <o \- B? J. W. Deforest. A great, strange, desolate, awful old house stands in a quarter of New Orleans which once was fashionable, but which is now a lurking place for negroes, Euro- pean immigrants, desperadoes, and malaria. Isolated, four hugh stories in height, its material a solemn, dark brown, stony brick, its front distinguished by two projecting crescents, its basement windows dungeon-like, with wrought-iron gratings, it gives you the idea of a French chateau rather than of an American dwelling. This aristocratic appearance is enhanced by the solid architecture of the stables, and by an enclosing wall nine feet in height, fringed with long iron spikes. It iB still further enhanced by an unmis takable air of solitude, neglect, and decay. Many pane3 of glass are broken ; some of the windows are closed up with gray, cobwebbed boards ; the foundations of the front steps are loosened, and the stones are sliding down ; no trace anywhere of sweeping, dusting, repairing, or any other 1 manner of care. In a quarter teeming with unfortunates, who would be only too glad of substantial shelter, this lordy mansion ia uninhabited. Not a human face ever looks from the bleared windows; not a human face ever disturbs the dust on the slanted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, which has the air of mark ing the place for eternal loneliness, is a fastening of rusty nails and wire across the handle of the bell-pull. Before this house gained the evil fame of being haunted, and while it was still familiar to the feet of the aristocracy of New Orleans, Mr. Henry Vanderlyn, \- then only twenty-four years old, rang one day at its door-bell. No answer. He again and waited ; he took a third pull at the agate knob ; still no anBwer. Mean while, either through the enormous key hole or through the spacious crack at the bottom of the door, both so characteristic .of Southern "architecture, he could hear stealthy Btep3 and cautiouB whisperings. "Do they take me for a robber?" he queried ; "or is there a negro insurrec tion panic abroad ?" His patience gave out, and ho was about to. depart, when a close coupe "drove up to the curb-stone. A lady in deep mourning, who was so veiled that he could not distinguish her features, but whose form of carriage exhaled a delicious odor of youth and distinction, pushed open the door of the vehicle with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad steps of the mansion. For a moment the two faced each other without speaking ; then he ventured to say : " Am I addressing Mrs. Taillefer ?" " Ah, Mr. Vanderlyn !" she answered ; " so you have come on, as you promised. What a pity that I receive no one ; However," — after a brief hesitation — " I will receive you. Please come in." Instead of touching the bell, she rapped on the door with the head of her parasol. It was at once opened. Within stood two mulatto girls and a negro man ; they seemed to be trembling, as if with fright. " We didn't dast open befo', 'cause it rung," stammered the negro, in a whisper meanwhile bowing in ceremonious apo- logy. "Never mind," replied Mrs. Taillefer, in an impatient tone, and with a gesture . which commanded silence. "If Mr, Pilkington. calls, ; let him in. No one else." Signing to Vanderlyn to follow her, she led the way into a parlor, Bpacious and lofty enough for a ball-rcem, and i rich with old, carved, mahogany furni ture. " Have the kindness to sit down," she Baid. " You see that I ought not to have received you. I am in mourning for the death of my husband. But you had come so far, I did not feel that I ought to send you away. Besides, you contributed so much to our pleasure at Saratoga. I am delighted to welcome you." Under the circumstances Vandorlyn was slightly shocked at such classic terseness and repose. At Saratoga he had studied the Taillefers carefully, and, as ho thought, profoundly; he had set down Anthony Taillefer as a devoted husband, and Diane Taillefer as a happy wife, he had supposed that, in case of death of death of either, the survivor would grieve passionately. Hence the Sallustian brevity of that announcement : "I am mourning for the death of my husband, struck him temporarily dum.b His unpleasant impressions were instantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and., revealed that face which had charmed his previous summer into a season of the Isole Felioi. Such eyes ! So intensely black, yet 01 so many shapes of blackness, and so foil of dazzling lights ! Whenever Vanderlyn tried to analyze Mr. Taillefers face, with the intention of determining whether it were entirely beautiful or not, be began and ended with looking at her eyes. It is known to us, however, that she was a brilliant brunette, with xeatures slightly aquiline in typo, enclosed in a fine oval. Her expression was calm, self-possessed, well-bred ; but, as people who we e not bewitched by her, declared, it was unpleasantly cold ; if not dis tinctly selfish, it was at least unsympa thetic. In figure she was taller and more graceful than most women of_ Jfrench blood ; and her carriage was smgu.arly upright, imposing, and, one might say, Vanderlyn gazed at her with the delicate sympathy, the almost religious respect, which the young and pure must grant -to beauty in mourning. The chivalrous admiration with which this woman had inspired him, and by means of which she had drawn him a thousand miles merely to look upon her once more, developed for the first time into some- thing'akin to love. _ He was ready to clutch himself by the throat with anger, when he discovered that, in spite of the sanctity of her fresh weeds, he was contemplating the possibility of wooing her. After a little conversation — not about the dead, or the widowhood ; only about the pleasant season in Saratoga Vander lyn, in his youthful delicacy, rose to Don't go," urged Mrs. Taillefer. " Don't suppose that you are annoying me. I Bhould not have let you m had that been possible. . I have not half done questioning you about things and people at the North. In spite of our local vanity, the North is our metropolis. When a New Yorker comes here, he is a Pariden en province. Stay to dinner. And, while I go and dress, amuse yourself in your masculine way, with books and Pl WMle she was gone, Vanderlyn inspec ted a row of venerable oil-paintings, mainly of the French, but a few of the Spanish and Italian schools, such as are to be found in New Orleans in greater numbers than in any other American city. Presently he heard a knock at the outer door ; then came a slow, ponderous, moaning advance throagh the hall ; then he turned to look at a visitor. The new-comer was a man of prodi gious and plethoric corpulence. Although of the ordinary height, he seemed shor., in consequence of the unwieldy size or abdomen and the deformed hughness of his head, the locks of long, thm, oily- brown hair behind his ears were carefully combed upward and forward, to conceal as much as possible the baldness of his shiny and spotted scalp. He was almost deioid of eyebrows and eyelashes, and the edge3 of his swollen lids were fiery with inflammation. Under the eyes were brownish and dropsical bags, the distress signals of long and cruel indigestions. The rest of his face— the vast forehead and temples, the flaccid, drooping tumors of his cheeks, the sad procession of double rdiina which descended into his cravat had been Btained to a uniform, dull, thick yellow by the malaria of Louisiana. Although dressed in the latest fashion, his form excited both disgust and pity, so gross and helpless was its cropulence. His breath came in hoarse wheezes, pro phetic of fatty degeneration of the heart, or of the crash of apoplexy. But, hideous, cumbersome, and doubt less in pain as this man "was, he had an air of" gentility, or, at least, of courtliness. On perceiving Vanderlyn, he bowed, with a slow, megatherian grace, and said,— in a voice which was mellow, despite its huskiness, "Good morning, sir. excuse me not observing you on in'y first ap pearance. The darkness of the apartment, gir#» Then he carefully settled himself upon a sofa (no chair in the room was big enough to contain him), holding his hat between the table-lands of his knees, and groaning for breath with an air of sup pressed diBtresB. "May I inquire whether you have business with Mrs. Taillefer ?" he asked after Vanderlyn had made spme common place response to his salutation. " If so, I will retire." " Not at all. I am simply an acquain tance. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mra. Taillefer at the North last summer," . " Ah ! excuse my question. 1 thought you might hevc called on business, as I Mrs. Taillefer receives so few people. You are doubtless, aware that her husband ha3 lately deceased." Vanderlyn suspected that this courteous monster wished him to go away ; but li8 did not feel disposed, . nor, indeed, at liberty, to accord that gratification. "Mrs. Taillefer has just informed me of her husband's death," he observed. " She is dressing at present, 1 believe. I have no doubt she will be willing to see you, if your name is Pilkington. "Ah! "tharkyou." replied the corpu lent gentleman, opening his inflammed eyes in Blight astonishment, but not for getting to bow. " My name is Pilking ton. So you are, doubtless, well acquain ted with Mrs. Taillefer ?" he continued, unable to repress an air of interest. " I presume to congratulate you, sir. A most charming and admirable woman! She informed you, then, of the death of her lamented and noble husband. Doubtless she needs sympathy. Did she, perhaps, mention to you this annoying little affair of the bell-ringings? No? Well, she undoubtedly will do so. A very curious mystery, those same bell-ring- 1D'l should be happy to hear about them if there is no impropriety— if Mrs. Taillefer " Of course she would not object, interrupted Pilkington, turning purple with the effort at courteous haste. " Public talk, my dear Bir ; all over New Orleans, already. 'It is an exceedingly singular case, either of spiritual manifes- tations, or of outrageous persecution. If | you don't object I'll tell you the story. There will be plenty of time. We know these ladies, sir. They, are a long while in changing their attire when it is a ques tion of receiving a handsome and accom plished young gentleman." n "I am exceedingly obliged to you, bowed Vanderlyn, quite prostrated by such a torrid simoon of civility. "Tfc is a mere little matter of bell- ringing, continued the immense Pilking ton, with a smile broad enough for a planet. "A riduiculous little door-bell. Only fancy the absurdity of it. I should say, however, that there are several bells in the plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front door which began it. When that was temporarily tied up, all the. other bells took up the clatter. Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it as a clatter," ho explained with an apo- logetical bow. " I am a Southerner, sir, and I pride myself on using the diction of Addison, as is the case with our Southern gentry. But in this instance I must be allowed the commonplace word, clatter.. Such an impertinent, worrying noise, ipy dear sir ! However, 1 will begin at tne door bell, that is, at -the entrance to my story. Pardon my little jokes, sir. Humour, bacchant humour, sweetens life. Are you nofc fond of it yourself, sir. t "I have no doubt, judging from. your genial expression, that you often indulge in it." . . " After pffiung and perspiring for a mo ment over his spirit of wit, he resumed . '< Well, to my tale, as the poet says. : The Taillefers, you must know, are one of our best families. French blood, sir, and a, good vintage. This noble mansion was erected by Eu3ia.ce Taillefer, fatner of Anthony, or Antoine. Eustace was at that time one of our wealthiest planters, and was always one of our hignest- fcoued gentlemen. A bit expensive, a little dis posed to vivre, a good deal in debt at last, but always high-toned. Well, Bir, he died — it is che common lot of humanity he bowed to it with his native courtesy. That was only five years ago. Anthony undertook to economise and clear the es tate. But he got .married — He won a splendid wife, sir, — a leader of society, a queenly creature. The devil ! such a womau must have her dresses ; shemust live in a style suitable to her ; don t you see it ? We can't blame her ; we sympa thise with her. But the result was that the estate did not get cleared." ( Here heJpaused, looking at Vando.lyns face with attention, as if to see whether he had begun to produce his effect. _ It seemed as though he were endeavouring to show the young man that here was a woman who must not bo sought for, un less the seeker was armed with a long purse. As Vanderlyn had a purse of some three hundred thousand dollars, ho did not feel pungently alarmed. ® ' Perhaps we may venture to suppose, continued the man-mountain, ".that An thony Taillefer's life was shortened by his financial difficulties. His death was sudden, sir— frightfully sudden. Credu lous people have asserted that he used poison to hasten it. Some of the symp toms reminded physicians, of strychnine. However, that is absurd— I venture to say absurd. Taillefer was broken; had too heavy a load, couldn't last longer. Well, sir, on the day after his funeral, curiously enough — on the very day after — began this little bell. This mee- sorable little bell," he repeated, with an. emphatic grin. "The wretched ting- a-ling-ling ! Of course, it wa3 supposed that someone had called. The footman opened the door, and found — nobody. Imagine the fright of a nigger— an ignorant, supersti tious nigger — when this was repeated, when it happened a dozen times a day. Ting-a-ling-ling ; door flies open ; nobody there. Nigger slams the door fo, and rushes |back to the yard, as white as a nigger can be. All the servants took fright, really you can't blame .them. Taillefer but ju3t buried, and that ting-a- ling-ling in the house— as incomprehen sible, ghostly ting-a-ling-ling." . _ Mr. Pilkington seemed to enjoy his own eloquence. His unctuous smile played all over Vanderlyn, like a spout from an engine charged with sweet oil. But beneath this" satisfaction and gentility there was a twinkle of inspection and cal culation, S3 if he were studying to see how the tale affected the young man, and how much more of it would be necessary io produce some desired result. " You may suppose — of course, my dear sir, you have inferred — that the mystery has made a noise. As I am the business- agent of Mr3. Taillefer L took the matter in hand. I have had ' all the pundits ®f New Orleans here. One thought it . was electricity ; another, ( that it was gaSses from the cellar ; another, that it was a trick of the servants. It was- suggested that I should cut the bell-wira. I had it cut. The extraordinary result was that the trouble increased ten-fold. - The mys- tery rang all the bells— it rang them ono by one, and it rang them together ; it rang them behind our backs and before oureyes. It is most extraordinary — it is absolutely unearthly. My dear sir, I almost feel at liberty to say that you ara in a haunted house." The young man did not know what to think or how to feel. On the one hand, the idea that MrB. Taillefer was persecuted by a ghost, or by a mystery which simu- latedtho ghostly mode of action, tended to give her the interest of romance and make her more attractive. On the other hand there seemed to be an undercurrent of meaning in Mr. Pilkington— an insinu ation that there had been something un natural or evil in the life of this family ; that there was something perilous about the lady who now represented it. Scarcely had these conflicting ideas crossed their rapier points in hia mind, when Mrs. Taillefer entered the room and interrupted the duel. - The weight of four hundred pounds of flesh and the distress of untold diseases did not prevent Mr. Pilkington from, rising and greeting her with elaborate courtesies. When she tranquilly gave him her hand, he bent over it witn tne air of dropping a kiss upon it. There was ah expression of real jealousy and of counterfeit triumph in his jaundiced eyes, as he glanced at Vanderlyn, and said : " Southern chivalry, my dear sir. We worship divinity." "Mr. Pilkington," observed Mrs. Taillefer, with a slightly repressive in tonation, "this is Mr. Vanderlyn, of New York, a very kind friend of mine. Perhaps you will find him useful in your investigations." Mr. Pilkington's huge countenance foil ; his jealousy upset his late triumph. "Ah, certainly," he replied, with well- oiled readiness. " You must understand, Mr. Vanderlyn — I am extremely glad to make your acquaintance sir, — that Mrs. Taillefer is annoyed by an incomprehen sible and villainous persecution. There is a mysterious bell-ringing about the house," he went on as if he had never mentioned the subject before. " It is a sei ious disturbance. I have done myself the honour to offer to examine the mys- ' tery thoroughly. I propose to Btay in the house night and day until I have dis covered the authors of the trick. I shall be happy— as Mrs. Taillefer graciously i permits — to have your company and sistar.ee." " i "Nothing would please me better, | said Vanderlyn. "I have often wanted j to hunt a ghost." Pilkington's countenance descended J still lower, until it seemed likely to cover his whole person — a gigantic apron of gloomy blubber. The two men ate at the house that day and passed the night there. To both of them Mrs. Taillefer was charming ; it was very easy for them to find her so ; it was very easy for her to be so. The jealousy of Pilkington she assuaged by saying : " It was necessary to have someone here besides you, and, of course, you pre fer a boy to a man." To Vanderlyn she whispered r " Mr. Pilkington is my busi ness agent, and as I may find it expedient to let this great, lonesome house, he wishes to clear it of the reputation of be ing haunted. Meantime, there were occasional tin-. tinabulation3 without. discoverable cause." The bell- wires had been cut, as Pilk ington had said, but had been replaced in order-to provoke further manifestations. with a view to discovering the origin or the disturbance ; and1, the moment the wires were in working order, the ghost was at them . Thrice during the afternoon a sharp jingling sent Vanderlyn into the hall and Pilkington to the window. In vain ; nobody was' at the door ; nobody was in the passages. If the originator of the clamour were a living human creature, he was sly and quick, enough -to deserve a ghost's highest praise: ' A3 for the gasses which had .been sup posed by some physicists to rampage in the cellar and agitato the bell- wires, Van derlyn went through that gloomy region with a lighted candle, and discovered no thing more mephitic than a wine-vault. _ ;0f the servants ho was, for a wnile grimly suspicious ; he believed that the "everlasting nigger" was at tho bottom of ail this, as of all ether Southern troubles ; but, after olose watching, he was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the charge of ' counterfeiting spoctres. Horribly afraid of the "obi," they re mained silent and brooding, like dispirited hens, in their own corner of the estab lishment, whispering about "voudoos," gathering into knots when tho bell rang, and obeying tho summons with extreme reluctance. In short, Vanderlyn was completely beaten, and began to wonder if there really were ghosts. By ten of the even ing, after he had answered the goblin's ring a dozen times, he was in a state of considerable mental excitement. The hint of Pilkington, that there was some thing strange and evil in this family, began to disturb him seriously. _ Was it Anthony Taillefer's spectre which thus, perhaps avenging some mortal wrong, dis turbed the house ? Had the man really been poisoned? If so, who ? — what cause ? These inter nal questions became so disagreeable tha he sought to stifle them by talking to the widow and gazing into her wonderous eyes. Her calmness under the manifestations, her sweet and almost gay cheerfulness, so natural to a pure conscience, did much towards re assuring him as to her blamelessncss and his own happiness. "It is a serious business for me, this bell-ringing," she said. . " It may diminish the marketable value of the house.. And I fear I shall be obliged to let it." ' Was she in pecuniary straits ? Vander lyn thought of his three hundred thousand dollars, and wanted to roll them all at lier feet. Perhaps lis was only prevented from offering himself to her at once by the reflection that she had been but one month a widow.. Had he known her thoroughly, he would havo known that there .was in fact no cause for hesitation, he would also have known enough to make liim recoil from such a proffer. Tne young man passed a wearisome and yet ludricous night. It was pitifudy comical to watch that vast bulk of Pilking ton's roll about' the house -in search of the bell-ringers, causing the firm floors to creak under its ponderous transit. On tiptoe Pilkington conld not go ; his weight would have crushed the toes of a megalo- saurus ; he must tread on the full cushiony breadtn of his elaphantine pedals. Once he lay down, with many short-winded groans, to look under a door to spy the next room. But his stomach and hips kept his head at such an altitude which kept him '.from seeing - anything ; and very soon tho recumbent position brought on a spasm of suffocation which turned, his yellow face into an awful crim son. It cost Vandeilyn a laborious min ute to restore the giant to a sitting posi tion on the Sfloor, and another to place him in a sitting position on the sofa. After recovering such breath as still : bolonged to him, lie proceeded, in a. tone of J some bitterness," to speak of - Mrs. T .'differ. " And there she - lies upstairs, sleeping a3 calmly- as a baby. " Do you suspose she cares because we are making a night of it on her account ? Not a bit of it. She thinks of herself, that woman does ; she's like all the reat ef her sex ; they are as selfish as cats. Just like cats, Mr. Van derlyn— -soft, purring, sly, Belfish, cruel— that's precisely the phrase, Mr. Vandorlyn —selfishly I cruel. Think of their own comfort and their nice fur. Nothing else — Nothing else." " Are you not rather severe, at least, on Mrs. Taillefer?!' remonstrated the young man. . Pilkington hesitated ; he groaned with reflection. We"- .may as well suggest frankly that he wished to detatch Vander lyn from the widow, .white he did not care to have her know liis efforts io deprive her of a -possible suitor. " A word with you; sir," ho. answered when he had. taken his resolution, "a word, with you in 3trictfriondiy confidence. Honor of a gentleman, Mr. Vauderlyn ! I feel an interest in you, and want you to be — well-informed. This woman, who is sleeping so sweetly upstairs, has always . slept through other people's troubles. She is sei fi sluiess' incarnate . Her mother was a widow, and poor, she starved her self to f ornish her Diane with dresses ; she positively kilted herself with insuffi cient and improper food ; and Diane, tli8 pretty kitten, let her do it. Then came Anthony Taillefer's turn. After the cat has eaten one mouse, sh.9 must have another. When Taillefer fell in love with this girl and married her, ho had just suc ceeded to his father's estate and was try ing to set it to rights. He held on to the family mansion, but lm was living economically, he told his ciicumstauces to hi3 betrothed ; he told hor that ho could not afford above fivo - thousand a year for household expenses; and ho asked hor to aid him in saving until the plantation mortgages should be paid. Of course Bhe j romised, cats always pro mise." Here Mr. Pilkington uttered a sigh which was well suited to the nature of his tale, .but which wa3 probably meant to express no more than liis own sorrows or twinges. "What did she do?" he proceeded, "she began to eat up Taillefer just as she had eaten her mother. He must give splendid partios ; he must have a gallery of pictures ; he must buy a new carriage ; he must take nev to tho North. As tor | dresses, jewels, and that sort of thing, i hs mustn't stint her. If ho did, on, > wasn't he cruel ! and didn't she pay mm for it ! You and I, Mr. Vanderlyn cton t know exactly how husband s are bullied j and governed. But they are, we know that. Taillefer was. He was a kind- hearted, well-meaning fellow ; he wanted other people to bo happy ; he hated to cros3 his wife. She found out all that, and she had no pity on him. She ate him up as calmly and prettily as she Mid eaten her mother. He got deeper m debt every year ; I know liow it went with, him ; I am a broker. At last of course, the end came ; but before it reached him, he stepped out ; ye3, sir, stepped out. Hav'nt the least doubt of it, Mr. Vander lyn. ' Strychnino. Couldn't bear to hear himself called a bankrupt. Perhaps couldn't bear to tell his wife that he had no more money for her. Both are likely. Ho was high-toned, aud he was soft hearted." . : Mr. Pilkington closed his narrative m the abyscss of a profound sigh. Vanderlyn began to see things by day- light. Hero was a fat, old Ulyses in .love with a young syren, aware of the perils of her enchantments, and yet unable, to escape them ; warning others _ from . her side, solely that he might remain her only victim. For it wis pretty clear that, mot- withstanding Pilkington s bitterness against tho widow, he was desporately 111 love with her. Ho railed at hor, .he .-.told the savage truth about her ; yes, but; he wanted her for his wire, Iu this curio.u3 spectacle Vanderlyn began to. take a'.phil-. losophie interest, which diminished his own infatuation. . The -young man's eyes being, opened he made discoveries. F rom a ryord or two dropped by Pilkington, he. inferrec. that the deceased Taillefer had. borrowed, largely of that gentlemrn and had not Another discovery. Vanderlyn ..re marked on the expense of .burniiiggas all , night throughout so large a building. Tne sulky responso was : "It won't cost her anything ; nothing costs 7ier much, So Pilkington was still tending. - ... -v; As to the bell-ringings, he discovered' nothing, except that they could keep him awake. What with waiting for noises, and dodging about, in vain search for then- cause, neither of the men got any sleep. The next morning their lustreless eyes and haggard faces presented a strong con trast to the freshness of Diaue Taillefer. as sweet and cool as a lily from tho dews of a summer night. Vanderlyn wa3 al most angry at the bland good-humour with which she smiled at the story oi their vigils, and, byway of protest against her ungrateful lack of sympathy, he went off to his hotel after breskfast and took a nap. During the day he met old travelling comrades, and they, knowing his social position, introduced him to their friends. Within a week or two he was in society, visiting people who knew Diane Taillefer. Everybody who was anybody know Diane Taillefer ; everybody, too, wanted to talk about her. ... Public opinion was very positive as to the merits and demerits of thi3 remark able voune: woman. She was beautiful ; yea, but she . was heartless. She was charming, she was bewitching ; yes, but she had no sympathy for others. She was a born queen of society ; yes, but she ruined those who loved her. Everybody knew that she had sucked the life out of a mother, and then had sucked tho life out of a husband. Yet there were plenty of women who envied the fame of this fascinating vampire, and plenty of men who seemed willing -to offer their heart- s blood for her subsistence. The fact that her widowhood excluded her from society was to 'her rivals a keen joy, and to her admirers a matter of loud lament. . " It is a cruel joke on her, this'mourn- ins," said one of her best friends — a lady of=high fashion— to Vanderlyn. " There she is, on a temporary funeral pyre, for a husband whom she was glad to get rid of because he could not support her in the style that she needs. There she is, de barred from hunting the millionaires whom she wants. ) On the whole, the young widow 3 character suffered more than it gained at the hands of Mrs. Grundy. She herself contributed to her own defamation by keeping up her usual expenses, although her insolvent husband had not left her a penny. This woman, strangely deficient in moral perceptions, never could under stand the justice, the decorum, or even the wisdom of paying a debt. At a creditor who asked for his money she stared with haughty astonishment, only slightly mixed with irritation. If a shop keeper hesitated to .trust her further, she . conceived that, he had grossly insulted her. and turned her back on hiin with 'annoying, contempt. The doors of a house which she did not own she. ordered to be dossil in the faces of people whose. claims entitled them to say that they did own it. " I don't know how she will come out, remarked the intimate friend above men tioned. " I fear she will require two or three men at once to support her. And, vou know, that sort of thing seldom ondB weH " , "While Diane Taillefer wanted to be trusted by eveyone, she trusted no one. When Pilkington invested for her some ready cash which she had kept out of the estate, she took his receipt for it with a phrase that was worldly wise, but the utterance of which was cruel. " In matters of business," she said, with a smite, " It will not do to confide in a business man. In other affairs he. maybe a self- sacrificing friend; but, as soon as it comes to business, he looks out for himself." The circumstance which most injured Diane Taillefer was the bell-ringing. This strange annoyance, which soon ' became known throughout the city as a. "spiritual manifestation," so thoroughly captivated and bewitched the popular credulity, as to mako it accept any phantasmal figment which might seem to account for it. It was 'soon reperted that tlie bolls were rung by Anthony Taillefer's ghost ; then came a suspicion that tho haunting spirit had some vrrong to avenge ; then arose whispering of poison. By negroes? That, in the opinion of Now Orleans was al ways probable. By Diane Taillefer? People looked at this question ; no one wished to utter it. The body was taken from the family vault, and traces of strychnine were found in it. But at this point the investigation was arrested by Pi: king ion, who brought forward strong probabilities of suicide. He showed the" pecuniary affairs of the deceased had long been in a hopeless state ; he produced a note in Taillefer's hand writing, which spoke of "seeking surcease of trouble in death ;" in short, _he kept the affair out of the courts. Neverthe less, tha scandal was a heavy blow to Diane in more ways'tban one. After she had succeeded, through Pilkington's ad mirable management and liberal loans, in Baving the house for herself out of the insolvent estate, she found that it had be come valueless as a piece of property. She could not live in it for lack of means, and she could: hot rent because it was , aunted. h , Z T- -Z„t «><? that her old \nf.ji,pr f?ta' incident w«.s, » Ano.nei , , , .-j .yulai admirers were -eeiu unlikely | thafany'of the wealthy young men ot New Orleans would marry a ' >> gained currency m society, the ret ft her widowhood was not adorned by a single flirtation, excepting the affairs Wnndrlvii and the broker. The New Yorker was tempted by this dangerous and brilliant bait. I he h.ct thafit was dangerous rendcred it 'dmost as fascinating to him as the fact that it 'was brilliant. Wo laiow how yoMh loves adventures ; how it longs for Uo ide.a and the unheard of ; how chivalrous aud uencrous it is ; how capable o. self-sacr sr uJfVSy ?sa£,. character, and person of Diane Taillefer there was what ' promised no satisfy all youth's craving impulses. To\ anderlyns senses and appreciation she seemed to fill the air around her with an odour, or a taint, of bewildering - soito of the warnings which he hj-d te- ceiled, in spite of the dre.d and even aversion for her with wlncn the breath of society occasionally affected him, he could not help longing - to possess hex. -Attest be was distinctly otmreci ms whether he would take or refuse the £UuT4srSone with Diane in her parlor. After the manner of his sex, ho was lounging from place to place in the room, now stopping to glance at some oi the old pici ures on the wall, now fingering bronzes on the mantel, now turning oyer the leaves of an album, out all the wlule talking After theji manner of her sex, she sS tranquilly upon a sofa, waiting for him to approach. He was thinking i his longings, and her beauty, she was thinking of hsr necessaries and his foi- ""Thanks," she said with her most be witching smile, when ho took a seat be side her. " You have flattered the pic tures long enough. I want to engage a few moments of your attention for my- self " : " Oh, but you have all my moments you,!' know he answered, lightly, i She heard him without smiling, hor el bow resting on an arm of the bofa, her face supported and partly hidden by her hand, her eyes fixed on the fteor with an expression of melancholy. "Let me be serious," she murmured, 1 am in pressing need of your Kindest con sideration and counsel. You will forgive me for imploring thus much of you. 1 am driven to it." A man who has not been lieart-har- dened by vice sympathises profoundly with beauty and sorrow. His instant im pulse is to throw himself before the suf ferer, and at his own cost make the way less Btony to hor feet. Vanderlyn gave Diane a look which said, " I am, whether I wish it or not at your service." " A woman is so helpless," Bhe sighed, still playing on the chord of masculine pity for feminine feebleness. "If I were a man, I could faco my embarrassments. I could plunge into the world, and carve out success, or at least safety. As things are, all I can do is to accept ono man s help or another's." . Her voice was music ; it lulled and be witched him. Her eyes were marvelous- ly beautiful and pathetic ; they seemed to plead for his scul and obtain it. " A man's terms are so hard, "she went on. " He will save the woman whom ho pities on the sole condition of possession. Such a salvation has been proposed to mo by a man who is horrible — so disgusting. Ah, it is worse than death such help ! Tell, me, shall I accept it ? Shall 1 marry Mr. Pilkington?" , Vanderlyn was crazed. Tne thought th&b; this woman wa3 about to be taken from him 'made her suddenly 'precious; The idea of seeing so much beauty sur rendered to such bestial ugliness drove him to long to rescue it, at no matter what self- sacrifice. He was on the point of ox- tending his hand to take hers — At that, instant the bell rang. The cleat tintinnabulation vibrated through hi3 spirit like a warning from the other world. All at once life seemed ghostly to him, ho believed for a moment in the interference of supernal powers ; and an impulse drove him to trust his future to the guid ance of fatality. " If I find any human being at the door," he said to himself, " I will marry her." . Without glancing at Dianne, he rose, croaaed the room a3 stealthily as a spectre and opened the door. No one was in the hall; the bell- wire was still trembling; he opened the outer door; no one. When he caineback his face was almost deathly-pale, and he looked . firmly into her eves, as he said ; "I have no counsel to give." "In that case," she replied with a flush of desperation and anger, "I shall follow the advice of. the only man who is my true friend. I shall marry Mr. Pilkington." A few months later Vanderlyn loung ing over the files in aNew York Club, read the announcement of the marriage of Daine Giroudeau Taillefer to J. D. Pilk ington, both of New Orleans. After a while Vanderlyn learned that Daine was once more the queen of society. The enormous fortune of her husband en abled her to display a sumptuous elegance of dress and hospitality which;crushed all competition. Even the high-bred aris tocracy of New Orleans submitted to the insolent domination of Mrs. Pilkington. Oncehe met her at Newport. " She be witched him anew with her beauty, an d affability. Not a suspicion of vindictive- ness or oven coolness in hor reception of him. She noted that he bowed to her in spirit, and smilod upon him for it. She seemed to be incomparably charm ing. Then came tho war, and with it a sus picion that Bhe might be sharing in the ruin of the South, but no positive know ledge. Finally, Vanderlyn returned to Louisi ana, as colonel of a New York regiment, in Banks's expedition. At Fort Jackson, he jiloarned from a Confederate prisoner, that the well-known broker Pilkington had died a bankrupt months previous, and that his widow had disappeared froma soci- ty which was oven then falling ito pover- tystriken|decayandJconfusion. An evening or two after his arrival in New Orleans, ho went alone to the Taillefer mansion. The moonlight showed him the huge building as we have described it — a sombre, for bidding, hopeless, relentless pile, its doors nailed up and windows barred. As he gazed, a citizen lounged by. Some conversation took place as to the deserted place ; then Vandorlyn inquired about the bell-ringings — had tho cause of them been discovered ? " Oh, the ghost business?" replied the other. "No; no satisfactory explana tion ; it was alwaj3 a mystery. I never knew of another thing which was such a complete puzzle to everybody." Presently a carriage passed slowly, and Vanderlyn perceived in it a brother offi cer, evidently in a state of intoxication, by his side sat a woman. She leaned for ward and surveyed the mansion wistfully. He heard her say, " That was once my hThe officer rudely slapped her on the shoulder, with a drunken laugh of good humoured inequality, and a taunt of fearful though unmeant cruelly. You women always have some such trash to tell "o talk to the marines As she fell back in her seat with wpa- tlietic gesture of anger and despair, Van derlyn lost sight forever of the now hag- and almost obliterated beauty, of Diane Taillefer. , — Argonaut. 