OHAPTEK LVI. JhE CABE FOB THE DEFENDANT. On the resumption of the case, on the fol lowing morning, there was even a larger at* tendanoe of the publio than .there had been on the first day* Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated the case for the defence aa follows : "My lord, gentlemen of the jury—my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply hiB heart was touohed by the Eathctio oonditioii in which his client has eenplaoed by the defendant. I shall begin by telling you that my fe6lings also are in terested in this case, in as much as I oannot help feeling indignation at the impudent pre tensions of the plaintiff, based as they are upon the unwarrantable assumption that my Olient, Sir Charles North, a gomlcnian widely known and esteemed, haB leagued himself with one of the most respected solicitors of this city to defraud by means of forgery and perjury. For, if the ease for the plaintiff be true, these gentlemen must havo entered into such a conspiraoy, and been guilty of such crimes. I shall soon show, you, however, upon how rotten a foundation this oh arge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the charge. In the first plaos it is necessary to consider the olaim made by the plaintiff under the supposed will, of whioh so muoh has been said. Bis lord ship will not fail to toll you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless you are thoroughly oatfeiied that this will is genuine, it will be your duty to return a verdict for the defondant, without taking into your consideration tho deed of transfer under whioh he now holds the pro perty at issue. I must aBk you distinotly to understand that a verdioi for the defendant will in nowise bar any future claim which may be made by persons fanoying themselves entitled under any other will, but will be merely an expression of opinion on your part that the will we are now dealing with was not made by James Tredegar, or was not a genuine ex pression of his last wishes. For, I beg yon to remark that it by no means follows, even it you are satisfied that he exeouted that will, that it was a bona-fide expression of his in tentions with referénee to the disposal of his property. Our oase is that ho made many wills, with a view to deoeive his solicitor, who now actB for the olajmant, and we oon tend that, even if the will in (question were genuine, it was merely intended as a blind, But I am in hopea that. I shall be able to show oluarly that the will is merely an impu dent forgery. Let us now oonaider what the plaintiff's witnesses havo to say with reference to this matter. Mr. Thistletbwaite says he prepared many wills for the deoeased gentle man, thus admitting a most important faot. He also admitted that h¿ had beon in corres pondence with the plaintiff, and might have informed him of his father's illness, and urged him to oome over to England at onoe." " Mr. Thistlethwaite did not say that he might havo urged the plaintiff to eome to England, he merely admitted that, as he was in oorrespondenoe with Stephen Tredegar, on other matters, at the time, he might havo informed that gentleman of his father's illness," interjected Mr. Bump tious. " My learned friend may be right," said Serjeant Jekjll, " but it is of no real oonse quence,for the witness admitted that a letter whioh was shown to him was apparently in ¿is own handwriting, and that letter will show oonoluaively that, not only did ho urge Stephen Tredegar to eome over at onoe, but that he wrote to him for no other purpose. Let me now direot your attention to the peeu liar eiroumstanees attendant upon the exe cution of this extraordinary will. The soli citor swears that the testator was too ill .to speak in the preBenoe of the witnesses; Jabee Hooker and, John ßMlea swear that it was read over to them before it was exeouted—a most unusual oourse of prooedure, as His Lordship will tell you—and John Stiles swore that tho room was so dark that he eould not well distinguish the features of the deceased gentleman. These witnesses were compara tive strangers to the testator, being merely neighboring tradesmen with whom he had been the habit of dealing, who had been called in to witness the will beoause legaoies were left to all the servants of the household. This is a very convenient way of scouring a body of useful allies, nnd. atthe same time, seouring the absenoe from the room of per sons intimately acquainted with the deoeased. What will you think; gentlemen, when I tell you that James Tredegar was not in that room at all ?" Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill of ex pectation was noticeable throughout the oourt, the oase was becoming exoiting. Many eyes were turned on the Professor and Thistlethwaite, who exchanged a-hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptious. They both looked pale and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll alone bad notioed the slight start, and rapid interchange ofglanoea, with whioh his announcement had been reoeived by them. Ho resumed : " Yes, gentleman, inoredible as it may at first appear to you, I assert that James Tredegar had no mora to do with that will than you or I. I do not impugn the testimony, of the witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, I believe every word they said, but they were deoeived in supposing that James Tredegar signed that will, for the person who did it waB his son, the plaintiff, Stephen Tredegar I" This denunciation, tho learned gentleman delivered with tremendous foroe, and, for a moment, tho ProfoBSor, upon whom all eyes were turned, winaed, as if undor the lash of a whip. Whenoe had they derived the informa tion upon whioh this aoousation wasfounded? He knew not—he oould not imagine how a secret only known to himself and Thistle thwaite had been botrayed. Turning to his lawyer who sat by hiu side, ho nsked, by a glanoo, the question he dared not give.utter anoe to. Thistlethwaite, pale as a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to shrug his shoulders, as if insinuating that tha aio 'Ba tió n was merely a trumped-up charge, of a piece with the rest of the oase for the defence. This pantomine did jiot occupy a minute, wbilet tho eerjeant wbb wiping his brow, ana drinking some water. •' Gantlomcu of the jury," he continued, " by a special act of Pro?idenof, wo have been placed in possession of tho facts of this de testable conspiracy ; for the real truth of the Impersonation was known only to the guilty parties thomeelvea ; but, out of their own mouths, we shall oonviot them. We might olose our case here, but I shall not rest t"1'» I have thoroughly convinced you of the truth and honor of my esteemed client, Sir Charles North, and his eolioitor, Mr. Freeman. I shall produoe witnesses who will swear to the signatures on the deed of transfer—experts, men of business and personal friends of the deoeased, and I believe that in faoe of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of doubt that it is a genuine document. You have been told that my olient and the lato Mr. Trcdecar speculated largely together, and that the various payments between the two gentlemen, which, we contend, wore in pur suit of the eontraot made by the deed of transfer, were, in reality, but incidental to such speculation. It happons, most unfor tunately, that the books of the broker who was employed by them, were des troyed, but wo shall produoe roceipts and entrieB in ledgers whioh I think you will havo no difficulty in acknowledging as genuine, and the important (act must not be overlooked by you that the payment of five thousand pounds was made at regular intervals by Sir Charles North, whioh oould scaroely be the oase if it were in pursuanoe of haphazard speculation in stook and shares. With reference to the theory that a large loan bad been made by Tredegar to North, I shall only point out its extreme improba bility, as Sir Charles North's banker will prove conclusively that he was never in want of money within his (the banker's) knowledge, and that his drafts would always have been honored to a very large amount in excess of bis balanoe. The faorf is that the oase of tho plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, as far as the deed of transfer is concerned. The theory of my learned friend involves the supposition, not only that more than one forgery has been com mitted by Sir Charles North, or at bis in stance, and that various respectable persons are willing to perjure themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series of ooinoidenoes have ooaurred whioh have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of tho transaction. This is a violent assumption whioh would only be warrantable if faots supported it ; as it is, it is the ' baseless fabrio of a vision'—as airy and unsubstantial as a Will o'-the wisp. 1 will now—before dealing with the plaintiff's, olaim under the supposed will—prooeed to establish our posi tion with referenoe to the deed of trans fer. Sir Charles North theh entered the withoss box, and deposed that he was the defendant. Had known tho late James Tredegar for many years, and been associated with him in many spéculations. Received one day a! letter from him (produced) in accordance with which the deed of transfer was prepared and exeouted. Sir CharleB then gave a long explanation of all the oiroumstanoes of the oase known to the reader, and produoed a number of reoeiptB, letters, bank-books He waB subjected to a prolonged cross examination by Mr. Bumptious, who strove in vain to make him loose his temper or eontradiot himself, and, on taking his seat, was oongratulated by Serjeant Jekyll upon his behaviour in the witness- box. Amongst other questions, he had been Bsked whether be had not sought to detaoh Dart and Alma Tredegar from their unole. Sir Charles admitted that he bad offered them a house, being satisfied that the Pro fessor had only borne tho ooBt and trouble of their eduoation for the purpose of ingratiat ing himself with his father ; be added that in so doing he was merely carrying out the wishes of the elder Tredegar, who had urged him to adopt the children if he found them worthy. Sir CharleB also said that, if he were suooeBsfol in the suit, it was his inten tion to divide the property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it over to them at onoe. This announcement oaused some sensation in court, and Ur. Bumptious audibly re marked that it was merely an attempt to oatoh the sympathies of the jury. The next witness was Ur. Freeman, who also had nothing to tell that is not known to the reader, and was likewise subjected to much badgering by the oounsel for the plaintiff. Two olerks in the employ of Messrs Free man and Truelove then deposed that the signature ot Thomas Sumner to the deed of transfer was, in their opinion, genuine, and that> the body of the instrument appeared nlso to be written by him. Sumner had been often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential business by Mr. Freeman, as ho oooupied the position ot oonfidontial clerk to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on aooount of his dissipated habits, whioh bad led to fre quent absenoes from the offlee, and late atten dance in the morning. Knew nothing else against him. The manager and the aooonntant of the bank with whioh the late James Tredegar did business, swore that the signature to the deed of transfer was, to the best of their belief, his} and produoed books showing entries of earns received and paid in connec tion with the dealings between the deoeased and Sir Charles North. An oiMal, from Dootor's Commons now produoed the will ander whioh the plaintiff olaimed. Samuel Bmithson, an expert of standing» wbb then examined. With referenoe to the deed of transfer, he waa ot opinion on com paring it with other dooamentB in the hand writing of Thomas Bnmner that it was genuino. Being asked to look at the will he said that the signature of James Tredegar (attaohed to it) appeared also to be real, bnt, having learned that it was supposed to have been written whilst the deoeased gentleman wbb speechless, and in extremis, he had no hesitation whatever in pronounoing it as a forgery. No man ooold, under suoh oiroum stanoes, write his name in his ordinary fashion. Had examined hundreds of signa tures obtained under almost slmlliar oiroum stanoes, and in no single instanoe was there one whioh bore more than a general shaky resemblance to the signatures of the persons whilst in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness som® lotters, and asked him to compare the writing and signatures, and say whether, in his opinion, they were all written by the same hand, Mr. Smitbson examined them long and earqfnlly, and said that they were moBt un doubted!* so written, adding that corrobora tive evidence was afforded by the paper whioh bore the same water-maiK and tho Íirinted address at the oommenoement of the stters, in whioh the peouliarity might be noticed that the tail ot the numeral112" was missing in all, thus showing that the type used had been broken, and that all bad been printed at the same time. Mr. Bamptious asked to see the letters in question, " All in good time, my friend," said Mr. Curtis. " One ot them is the letter from Thlstlethwaite to the plaintiff, whioh has been already before tho uourt. You will have an opportunity for inspeoting them all presently." In orois-oxaminiog this witness, Mr. Bumptious strove lí&rd; to~ loasen, the ■ fact of his testimony by a»ki»« him whether, »fier all, questions as to the noniiineness of n'gna turrs were not merely imttera oí opipion, and whether it was "fcot possible that otfcor esptrts, (qaally Billed with bimsclf, might not hold a contrary opinion, to his A\, ite. But Mr. Smithson was well used t) the witness-box, and had been naked quer-tiona too often to (eel embarrassed, ho replied, after such fashion that Mr, Bump tious might as woll have left the questions unasked, ' Another expert then gava similiar evidence, and waB suffered to leave the box without oross-oxamination. To him sucoeeded a well-known physîeiin o! high landing, who swore that, in the condition that James Trodogftr was said to be, it would be almost impossible for him to use eush muscular exertion as would be re quired to write his oigaaluro in his ordinary manner. " Might not," asked Mr. Walton in cross examina'i m for the plaintiff. " Might not a dying man braoe himself to an effort under euch eiroumstances, and write, for a minute, as usual?" "Well, it is just possible, and that is all," replied tho witness. Another dootor gava eimiliar evidence, and then there was some stir in tho court, as Mr. Curtis oalled " Henry Lascellea." 