LIKE AND UNLIKE. BY M. E. BRADDON, Author of "Lady Audley'e Secret," "Wyllard'a Weird," &o.;, &o;, (Published by special arrangement with the author. All righto reserved.] Chapter XXXIX.-( Continued). " I don't want anybody's advice," said Valentine decisively. "If I can once brace myself up to leave this place I shall go to London, get the kind or outfit I think necessary, and then sail for the Cape. Once there I can pick np all the lnforma* tion I want about the interior, and I shall plan my route from there." " When will you start ?" "I shall go to London by an early train to-morrow-and to the Cape by the first good steamer that can carry ma there." " To-morrow ? That's soon." "Why should I delay? I have been Btaying here face to face with a spectre like a man in a nightmare dream, who faces some great horror and cannot move hand or foot. The sooner I go the better." "Let me go to London with you, Val. I should like to see you off." " No, no. I am not fit company for my fellow men yet awhile. Perhaps after ten years in Africa I may be better. Let me suffer my purgation, Adrian. Let mo wrestle with the memory of sin, as Jacob wrestled with the angel-and then per haps-some day-" with a stifled sob, " I shall be better worthy of your unselfish love-and of my mother." "God help you to pardon and forget fulness, Val. But let me go to London with you." "No, I want to be alone there. 1 have something to do. 1 will wire to you be fore I sail, and then, if there were time, and you would like to come and shake bands at parting " " Be sure I will come if you giva me the chance. It will comfort the mother to hear of you at the last moment of leaving. She would like to be there herself, dear soul, if you would let her." "Dear soul, poor soul," murmured Valentine, with a remorseful tenderness which was strange to his rough nature, "She haB given me honey, and I have given her gall. I have been a fountain of bitterness to you both. But it is past. You are strong in love and in mercy. Good-night, and good-bye till I sail. I shall be off early to-morrow morning. "But you will bid your mother good bye." " Must I ? That will be hard. I should like to slip away without any leave- taking. I would write to her from London." "She would be heartbroken if you left her like that." " Perhaps you are right. It is the weakness of her character to be fond of j me. I'll see her in the morning before I start. She will be happier when I am gone-safe and happy-with you. Jou ought to marry, Adrian. You owe as much to my mother as well as to yourself. There is Lucy Freetnantle, who has been in love with you for the la3t five years." "Valentine!" " It's a true bill. I've seen the grow ing. passion from the time she left off short frocks and long hair. Y"ou have been her ideal from the day she left the nursery-perhaps before. I daresay she was often thinking of you over Plnnock or Lingard. Marry her, Adrian. She has not one of the attributes of the typical girl, and will make you a true and honest wife." " I will wait till my time comes, Val," answered Adrian, with a 3ad smile, " It has not come yet." Lady Belfield was Always an early riser. She waB in her garden next morning look ing at the first clusters of snowdrops, white against the whiteness of the hoar frost, when Valentine joined her, clad for a journey, in fur-lined overcoat and deer stalker cap. '' Mother," he began abruptly, " Adrian and I had along brotherly talk last night, and he advised me to try change of scene as a cure for bitter memories. I am going abroad for a spell." "Yes, dear. Yes, it will be a good thing, I am sure," answered his mother, paling suddenly at the mere thought of a possible parting, "but you will not ba going just yet. You will take time to think about it." " I am going at once. You know I was never given to irresolution. I have done moBt things,' for good or evil, on the spar of the moment. Iam off by the 8 35. My portmanteaux have gone down to the Btable yard. I shall stay a day or two In town, and then sail for the Cape." "For the Cape! That is so far, Val. Why not go to Italy or Spain ?" "Tame, hackneyed, intolerable. The holiday, ground of self - opinionated Yankees and personally-conducted cock neys. No, if change of scene la to do me any good, if I am to get out of myself, I must get face to face with nature. Africa is the place for me. Don't be afraid, dear mother. The Dark Continent is as safe a solitude as Heme Bay." "And you are going-this morning?" " At once. The dogcart is waiting for me. Good-bye." He clasped his mother in his arms, kiBsed her as he had not kissed her for years-hardly since he was a schoolboy. His own eyes were not innocent of tears as he rushed away, leaving her to sob out her sorrow In the quiet shrubbery walk which her footsteps had so often trodden. Never had she felt more desolate than in this partiDg with the wayward and be loved son, and yet she told herself that it was well he were gone. Anything must be better than to eee him as he had been since last August. The South-Western Railway conveyed I Mr. Belfield to Exeter, but in the j auction station there he had a choice of trains, and the Great Western suited him best on ihis occasion. He crossed from one plat form to the other, took his ticket for Pad dington, and came out upon the departare platform of the Great Western, under the big clock. The platform was not so crowded as usual, and the train was not due for five minutes. As he walked slowly towards the end of the station Valentine passed a man whose face flashed upon him with a sudden sickening of the heart and weaken ing of the limbs, like the sight of a ghost in high noon. The wintry sun shone upon those pale and high- bred features. He saw the face looking at him, half in hatred, half in scorn, and he could not give back acorn for scorn, hate for hate. He who had never feared his fellow men sickened at the sight of this man, and passed on with quickened step, and eyes looking steadily forward, pretending not to see that familiar face, the face of the man who had Btolen his wife's heart. St. Austell stopped and looked back at him. "AsI am alive, that was the face of a felon," he said to himself, "and the mjsteiy of Helen's fate is darker than any of us dream of. That man dared nob meet my eye- although it was his place to hector and mine to quail. There was guilt in that look." He was on his way westward. Since that meeting at the Badminton he had been much disturbed in his mind about his lest love. Fickle as the previous ex perience of his life had proved him, he had not yet forgotten Helen. The year which Mrs. Baddeley had allowed for the duration of his passion was not yet ended, and it may be that the disappointment and mischance which had attended this par ticular intrigue had intensified his feel ings. He would have forfeited ten years of his life to have found Helen and won her for his own, but there was that in her hasband's countenance which chilled his BOUI. He had half a mind to follow Valen tine Belfield and tax him then and there with fonl play. He had no evidence except the mysterious circumstances of the wife's disappearance and that guilty look in the husband's face, but the two together brought conviction to St. Austell's mind. (To be continued.) 