CARDINAL MORAN IX P.W7J.7 f Naturally enough the presence tu Pert 'of a Prince of tho Roman Catholio Church has excited no small amount of public attention, and when it wus known that on Sunday morning His Emiueneo would pro sido at tho consociation of tho Very Rev. Dr. Gibnoy, in addition to Drenching in tho evening, it was no matter for surprise that tho chief topic of current conversation was—Cardinal Moran and hia doings. As will bo gathered from the subsequent report, His Emineilco had a very hard day's work on Sunday, one which required him to summon up all his physical energies to enable him to go through with it success fully. The first public ceremony of the day was— THE CONSECRATION OP THE RT. REV. MATIIEW GIBNEY, D.D. In accordance witli ecclesiastical law His Eminonco, having to tako part in tho consecration of a bishop on Sunday, had to keep tho preceding Saturday as a fast day ; in addition to wlunli lm kid tn mnat vigorously abstain from talcing either solid or liquid refreshment from midnight until the conclusion of the solemn function. Al. though Cariinal Moran is apparently a man of splendid physique, yet in reality ho is by no means constitutionally strougj and thoroforo tho ordeal was by no means an easy ono for him to unaorgo. His Eminence is subjeot to attaoks of syncopo, and it was only a short timo ago that lie fainted away at tho High Altar when ongnged in performing tho Holy Sacrifice. 1 his circumstance fearing that tho heat of tho weather, combined with the anticipat ed crowded state of tho Cathedral, induced tho authorities to carefully keep all the ohuroh doors open during tho saored service. Orgiually fixed for olovon, the timo of tho commencement of tho conseoration coro mony was subsequently altered to ten o clock in tho morning) but long before oven that early hour tho Cathodral of tho Immaculato Concoption was fairly crowded by botween six and sovon hundred porsons. Through tho thoughtful provision of the Bishop-Eloot tho orphan boys under his caro wore provided with soats in tho gal lery, whilo their sistors in parental boroave ment wore accommodated with seats ou tho ground-floor of tho sacred building. Ample provision was mado for the repres entatives of tho press, oaro being taken to fiirniBh them with chairs and a tablo in tho front of tho vory centre of tho gallery— a coign of vantage which onabledthem both videre et videri. Among tho congregation who assembled were numbered ns a matter of course every prominent member of tho Catholic communion resident in Perth, Fremautlo, York and Guildford j in addi tion to whom wore to bo seen tho Hon. Malcolm Frasor, C.M.G., tho Hon. J. Arthur Wright, the Hou. A. O'Grady Lefroy, O.M.G., His Worship tho Mayor of Perth, Mr. J. C. H, James (Com missioner of Titles), Mr. G. W, Leako, Q.C. (Police Magistrate), Dr. Waylen (Colonial uiu-guuiij, iuujur ouworiauci, jixr, tiensman and manyothor loading members of tho Protestant sections of tho community. The principal members of tho choir who sung tho musical portions of the service j were Mrs. King, and Messrs. J. King, J. F. O'Cnllaghun and Brady | whilo Brothor Oldra (of tho Benodiotino Order) prosidod at tho organ with all his ncoustomod artis tio skill, despite the fnot that ho was Biiffor iug soveroly from illness at the timo. Tho music employed upon that occasion was as follows :— That of tho Higli Mass was a sorvico composed by tho Right Eov, Bishop Snlvado, tho Credo was from Est's well known Mass in A flat, while tho Kyrie, Gloria, Sanctus Benedictus, Agnus Dei and Veni Creator wore sung to tho usual Gro gorian tones, and tho '1'e Dcum was render ed in tho sonorously resonant ohaunt genorally used upon such occasions, Wo must not forgo*-, to add that tho thanks of all thoso present aro duo to the Committoo of Management, whose oarefully dovisod arrangements for seating the visitors were as admirably simple as effectively complete. Sharp at ten o'clock tho joy-bells bogan a gladsome peal from tho Cathedral tower, and just then a grand procession was to be seen leaving tho convent gates. Tho Eov. Fr. Bourko walked flrat;. follmiwl w Mm oruoifer, two acolytos and ten altar servers clad iu scarlet cassocks, ovor which thoy wore short white laco cottas. To them sue coeedod tlo boys belonging to the Catholio Sohool, wearing cardinal-coloured sashos: the pupils of .tho Catholio Girls' Sohool simi larly arranged j tho girls and boys bulong ing to the Catholio Orphanages j the girls known as the ' Children of Mary,' dressed in pure white, having thoir heads covered with muslin voils j and tho members of the Catholio Hibernian Society. Upon the procession approaching tho Bishop's Palaco it was joined by the Cardinal, Bishop, and Priests. Although in all occlosiastical prouossions it is usually customary for tho chiof dignitary to walk last, upon this oc casion the Cardinal took tho load, owing to his temporal precedence as a Prince of the Churoh, Tho following is a correct list of tho clergy who took port in tho saored function s— His Emineuce Cardinal Moran, conseorato-in-chiof. Tho Right Rov. Bishops Salvado (of Port Victoria) and Reynolds (of Adelaide), assistant oonsooratora. The Kev. Dr. Barry, Assistant Priest. Tho Rov. Father Breroton, Deacon j and the Eov. Fr.. Martolli, Sub-Deacon. The Very Rov. Arch.-Priest O'Meara. Tho Eov. Fr. P. Gihnoy chaplain to his brother, tho Bishop-Eloot of Perth. Tho Eov. Fr. O'Reily (Bishop-Desiguate of Port Angus ta, S.A.), chaplain to Bishop Salvado. Tho Rov. Fr. Duff, chaplain to Bishop Eoynolds. The Eov. Fr. O'Harau, D.D., first Mastor of Ceremonies (tho ouerous duties of which position ho discharged in the most inimit aUo manner). Tho Eev. Fr. Bourko, second Mastor of Ceremonios. And tho Eov. Frs. Kelly, Dulany, Long, Brady, and Treacy. Beforo euteriug upon a detailed dosurip tion of the sacied funotion v/o must mo. niiso (for tho information of our readers) that tlio sorvico consisted of solomu Pon. tiflcal High Mass, tho ordinary course of which was broken by tho intorvontion of the ceremonies pertaining to tho rito of opiscopal consocratiou. Upon tho proces sion reaching tho ontranco doors at tho west ond of tho cathedral tho congregation rose to thoir foet. Ab tho proccBsiou swept up tho aislo to tho sanctuary, tho coup d' ceil was magnificent as a spectaolo, and strikingly hnprossivo iu effect. First nftlllQ tlin Oil I'd ill II I— n ufnlnmni- v-in« .U... tho averago height, with clean shaven, fresh and ruddy-looking face, bright- eyed, with firmly compressed lips, of dignified bearing and uobio presence— His Emiu. ence looked every inoli a Prince. To use an apostolio remark— 'He magnified his office ' by his graooful carriage and digni fiod demeanour. Clad in his bright scarlet satin robes— tho train of his soutane, some six yards in longth, carried by two little pages clad in scarlet cassocks and white lace coltas— tho appearance of his Emin enco, us ho slowly walked up tho aisle, pro ducod a profound impression upon tho cou gregation. _ To him succeeded tho two Assistant-Bishops wearing their episcopal vestments ; the Bishop-Elect, whoso long violet-colourod train was onrried by a single pagej the rest of tho clergy j and tho Altar assistants. Ab a matter of course tho High Altar had beou speoially prepared for tho occasion, the ledgo of tho super altar being literally crowdod with handsome bouquets of natural flowers) thus forming a pleasing contrast to tho practice usually followed in tho Eastern Colonies, where they aro wont to decorate thoso ultars with wax-flowers under glass- shades ! Tho six tall candles wore lightod j and on tho left of tho High Altar a small Alter had been erected for the use of tho Bishop-Eloot. As soon as the pro cesBiou reached tho sanctuary tho Cardinal prostrated himself before the High Altar in adoration of tho Blessed Sacrament, and then took hia seat upon the opiecopal throno, He was then aivestod of his car. dinalate robesj and vested . with tho ainoei nib, cincture, stole, titnioi daluiattoi gloves, chasuble^ embroidered tnifcroj and maniple. Meanwhile tho two Assistant Bishops wuM vested with their eopo3, and had plain white 'mitres plnced on their heads. At tho same timo tho Bishop-Elect was vested in front of his own altar with tho ordinary apparel of a priest. Then, taking him by the hand, Bidhop Salvado advanced to tho Cardinal, saying— 'Most liovureud Father, bur Holy Mother, tho Catholic Church, yuoinanus or you toadvauce this Priest pro 'Bout to the onerous ofHeo of a Bishop. ' To this His Emiueneo replied—' Have you tba Apostolic mande? 'Tho senior Bishops re plied—' Wo have,' whereupon tho Cardinal rejoined— 'Lot it bo road.' This was done by Dr. O'Haran, »s uotary, whereupon the Cimlin.il exclaimed— 'Deo gratia^.' Tho JHshop-Eluct thon did reverence beforo tho Cardinal, and proceeded to tako the ' Forma jnramoti' or customary formal oaths of allegiance, fldolity, and obedience to tho Holy See.) The Cardinal then placed a copy of tho Holy Gospels in tho lap of tho Bishop-Elect, and proceeded to examine him in tho usual form upon his belief in tho articles of. tho Roman Catholic faith. Dr. Gibney having mado afllrmatory replies to the several questions put to him, kuelt and revoiontly kissed the Cardinal's ring. His Euiinenoo was then divested of Ihb mitroj and, weariug his scarlet plcull- cap, began tho courso of tho Mass. At the sumo timo tho Bishop Elect was led to his altar, where ho was induced with his opiscopal vostments, with tho exception of tho nu'tro, and privately road tho liturgy as far as tho last vorae of tho Traot. Thus arrayed Dr. Gibney was then led by the AsBistant- Bishops to the i Cardiual, who, after admonishing1 him in \ solemn terms upon tho responsibility and importance of the office and dutieB he was about to bo charged with, knelt beforo tho High Altar, whilo the Bishop-Elect pros ;ratod liimsftlf on fhn lnff. a\r\n nf fclin. Cardinal, and the choir sang tho Kyrie ehkon aud tho Litany of tho Saints. The Cardinal then solemnly imparted tho triplo blessing to tho Bishop-Elect, upon whoso nook was thon placed an open book of tho Holy Gospels. Thon tho actual consecra tion began. Tho Cardinal and tho two Assistant-Bishops kid their right hnnds upon Dr. Gibney's head, while tho Cardinal in sonorous tones pronounced tho words— 'Accipe Spiritum Sanctum.' (Reoeivo tho Holy Ghost.) After various collects proper to tho occasion had boon said, tho Veni Creator Spiritu*\ma sung, aftor which tho Cardinal anointed the head of tho Bishop. Elect with tho Holy Chrism, at tho same timo saying ^Ungatov ot consecrotur,' &Q;, Tho unotion havincr beon noinnlntnd tho Cardinal proceeded to repeat the Hoe Domino, which was followed by tho anthem proper to the occasion. The Cardinal then annointod tho hands of tho Bishop-Elect with tho Chrism in the form of a cross, saying— 'Angantur manus,' &o.; The orozier, and episcopal ring was then blessed, sprinkled with holy water, and delivered to tho Bishop-Eleot by the Cardinal, whoso mitre was removed whilo saying the prayers but replaced ,whon hand ing tho pastoral staff and opisoopal ring to tho Bisliop-Eloot. A copy of tho Holy Evangels was. then hauded to Dr. Gibney, after with tho service of tho Mass waa pro eoodod with ; in. tho usual way, Bishop Gibnoy saying his own office at tho Epistlo aide of tho Altar, after ho had received 'tho kiss of poaoo' from tho Cardinal and Assistant Bishops. At tho Offertory tho newly consecrated Bishop was oouduct ed to the front of the High Altar j and there, kueeling, made his offering of two lighted wax torches, two loaves, and two small vossols of wino— adornod, ono of oaoh with gold, and tho othor oaoh with silver. Just before performing tho rite of conso crating the Host, the Cardinal's Bkull-cap was removed by the Master of Ceromonios, in order that ho might perform tho solemn function bareheaded j and upon that having beon clone (tho wholo congregation kneeling meanwhile) His Eminonco then administered tho elements, flrat to himaolf, and thon to the nowly consecrated Bishop, both using the same chalice. The kiss of peaco was then exchanged among tho four prelates, and after the Ablution and the Post-communion tho Cardinal imparted the Papal Benediction to the faithful prosont. Tho new Bishop's mitro was then blessed, tho Cardinal offering up, in Latin, tho fol lowing solomn prayer : — ' Wo placo, 0 Lord, on tho hond of this thy Bishop nnd combatant, a helmet of de fence and salvation to the end, that having Ilia fnmlionrl rlnnnrnfod rm/1 Iiiq linnrl anliiiir guarded, by tho power of both Testamonts ho may appear terriblo to tho adversaries of truth, and by tho grace Thou wilt bostow, may prove a valiant champion against thum. For Thou didBtmark tho forehead of Moses, thy servant, when ennobled by a communi ion of discourse with thoe with most brilliant rays derived from Thy splendour aud truth and didst command a diadom to bo set on tho head of Aaron thy High Priest, Through Christ our Lord. Amen. After tho opiscopal gloves had boon bloss, ed and placed on tho now Bishop's hnnds and tho ring placed on the third flngor of his right hand, tho TeDeum wa3 sung by tho choir and the joy-bolls wore pealed until the conolusion of tho sorvico, Whilo the triumphant ohant was boing Bung tho now Biahop_ of Perth, conducted by the Assistant-Bishops, walked down tho aisle of the church (holding the crozioi1 in his right hand) imparting his opiscopal blessing to his flook on both sides. From tho appoarauce of his lordship's face it was evident that ho was nearly oxhaustod by the combined effeots of his prolonged fasti tho sonso of tho responsibilities ho had committed to him, the longth of tho pro longed sorvioo, and tho exoitoment of tho occasion. His features wore pinched, and tho almost deadly palenoss of his counton auce was relieved only by two burning patohes of colour below the oyes j ho tot tered in his walk, and had it not boen for the support afforded him by his pastoral staff it appeared evident that ho would havo fallen through sheer exhaustion. Upon returning to the High Altar tho Bishop thrice saluted the Cardinal with the appropriate exclamation of ' Ad multos annos,' whereupon his Eminence gavo him tho kiss of peace for the last timo. Tho Bishop was thon takon to his Altar, when ho was unrobed, remaining in hia violet soutane and train, violot skull-cap, and wearing his episcopal ring, together with tho pectoral oross. At tho same time the Cardinal returned to his throne, where ho, too, was divested of his sacrificial robes, which were replaced by the scarlet soutano and train. The pro cession was thon reformed, and tho dorgy left the Cathedral in tho same order as they entered it. Upon reaching tho Palace a largo number of tho Catholio laity offered their congratulations to their now Bishop, aud paid tho customary homage. Thus ended tho solomn service of tho first consecration of a Bishop that has over boen hold in Western Australia — a service whioh was rendered additionally momorable from tho faot that tho chief conBeorating prolate was tho first Aus tralian Cardinal. Presentation to the RianT Rev. M. Gibney, CATnoiiio Bisnop of Perth. At about flvo o'clock in tho aftornoon about a dozen gentlemen proceeded to tho Bishop's Palace, when thoy presented tho Right Rov. Bishop Gibney with tho follow ing address, on behalf of tho Catholio laity of Perth :— To Tub Right Reverend Mathew Gibney, Bishop op Perth. May it please your Lordship,— Wos the Catholio laity of Perth, beg to approaoh your Lordship to tender our sincere congratula tions on your elevation to the Espiscopal Soo of Porth. While tho greatost satisfaction waa experienced by not only tho Catholics of this colony, but also your Lordship's many friends in this and the Eastern colonies, at your nomination to the vacent See, we believe it was also the dosire of our late venorable and saintly Bishop that you whom he loved so muoh, should bo his successor. Your Lordship line ever taken ft deep in terest in tho walfare o( the orphan, nud, for tho lovo of .God, youlmvo taken upon your self the biu'theru of the care of these little ones | thus it is that our two orphanages owo their origin to your zeal. The high estima tion in which your natno \n held throughout Australia was mainly duo to your nntiring efforts to uiajutiliri tltesoinsUtutionn, Your spiritiinl admonitions and advico, the assiduous caro and interest you havo ulwnya manifested during tho 24 years of your min istry for each individual incmbor of your flocks, regardless of worldly position, but re cognising the beauty of the soul of every ono of God's creatures, aud, in so doing^ follow* ing tho example set us by our Divine Re deemer, wo, in return assuro jouof our gratitude and lovo for you as a priest and llishop, and wo wish you h long and happy j life, and pray that God will bostow on you the necessary grace to carry on tho ardiuui.T duties of your exattod office. Skued on behalf of tho Catholic laity of Porth:— P. A. Gugori, J. P-i T. Quinlaii) D. IConuy ; Bernard N. Colreavy ; B. Smith j James Corbettj J. V. O'Callaghan ; John P. Bridges; T. G. Molloy; and J. Horgan. His Lordship replied in suitabla terms, bnt pressure upon our luiice compel* us to hoH over our full report of tho subsequent pro ceedings, 