The Defeat of the Ministry. The crisis is over. It has been short, sharp, and decisive. We are glad of it 'If when 'twere done 'twere well, then 'twere well 'twere done.' The Downer Ministry was foredoomed. Its members must have known that they had lost the confidence of the country, and that the opening of Parliament would be the time of their dismission from office. They have had evidence of this kind forced upon them till they must have been well nigh sick of it The charges against them foi maladministration were unanswered because unanswerable. At the time of the general elections the verdict was given by the court of final appeal, and nothing but time has been wanting to carry it into effect They bore the criticisms to which they were subjected with a sort of passive endurance that had nothing of the sublime in it, and they would have earned a better title to respect if they had practised resigna tion instead of patience. Patriotism would have dictated that course, but they preferred to follow the dictates of self-interest Patriotism would have suggested the calling of Parliament together as soon as possible, that the serious difficulties into which the colony has drifted might be confronted by the representatives of the people at the earliest moment Had they done so it is possible that they might have retained some measure of respect. -Apart from the general desire, the state, of the public finances demanded that there should be no needless delay in dealing with them. Instead of heeding these considerations, however, they clung to office as long as possible, and the con sequence is that they have sustained a prompt and overwhelming defeat The country will endorse the action of its representatives, and congratulate them on their speedy discharge of necessary duty. There is always a temptation to prolong no-confidence debates, 'the members feeling that though their speeches cannot possibly alter the result, it will be well for them to. assign reasons for the votes they give. As means of political education such debates may sometimes contain the possibility of usefulness, but as a rule there is very little wheat to the chaff. The same old arguments are reiterated ad-nauseon^ and not unfre quently the chief feature is an inter change of personalities, that are both valueless and harmful In the heat of controversy things are said that would be better left unsaid, old grievances raked up, and closing woundsre-opened. It is a good thing for the colony that there is so little of that sort to com ment upon on this occasion, that the foregone conclusion has been acted upon with reasonable speed and the time of the country saved. Only a limited circle of partisans will regret the downfall of the Downer Ministry. Its chief deserved his expulsion if for nothing else for his latest misuse of the power conferred by his position. He left the colony of which he was the re cognised: political leader at a time of the gravest emergency, when it was steadily drifting from bad to worse, on the eve of a general election, without a declaration of ministerialpolicy, and on business which might beaseasilyand well been transacted without him. He has received the distinction of knighthood from the : Bands of Her Majesty but there never was such a reward so ill deserved, and its glory must be sorely tarnished by the manner in which his fellow-colonists have shown what they think of him. His Ministry during his absence was not only headless and policy-less, but invertebrate also. By mutual contradictions and endless diver gencies during the electoral campaign, its members showed that they were dislocated and disjointed. It is de plorable to recall the injury their supineness and incompetence has wrought During the last five years as the/?-f/nfcrcleariyshowstheexpenditure of the colony has exceeded its income by more than eleven hundred thousand pound's. The two premiers under whom nearly nine-tenths of the deficit has accumulated were the Hon. J. C Bray and Sir. John Downer. What is still more to their discredit, they have persistently refused to treat the financial situation with the seriousness that it really required. They have endured dictation, trimmed their sails so as to catch the varying currents of popular opinion, exhibited the utmost facility in changing their course, but the needed firmness in piloting the ship of State has been altogether lacking. It is necessary for this view of the situation to be perceived not only as justifying the proceedings of the Opposition, but that it may serve as a guide for future conduct- I The Downer Ministry has fallen as it deserved to do because of its utter feebleness, and will be 'unwept, unhonoured, and unsung.' Public at tention will now be concentrated on its probable successors. What the colony wants to manage its affairs is a Ministry composed of strong, business-like men, of sound political principles, who will resolutely grapple with- the present difficulties. Under such leadership alone, will the new Parliament have any chance of accomplishing the task it is expected to perform. BvjKRA Hospital.— The number of patients in this -institution last week was 23. There have since been admitted 6 and discharged 4, leaving 25 patients now in the Hospital. Koomooloo Rainfall. — The following is the rainfall, kindly supplied by T. Waraes, Esq., J.P- — January, 0*065 5 February, 2-090 ; March, 0*570; April, o*755 ; May, 0*960; June 2nd, 0*150 ; 6th, 0*050 ; 7th, 0*020. Total to date, 4*660. Total to this time last year, p*775 Good News. — On Monday last, says the Silver Age, the Broken. Hill Proprietary Co. declared a dividend (the ninth) of £1 per share, which will be payable in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and Silverton on Wednes day, 22nd June. This brings the total divi dends op to £144,000. ' Women's Jubilee Address.' — A meet ing of ladies was held in the Council Chamber yesterday afternoon (Thursday) at the invitation of the Mayoress to consider the best means of obtaining signatures for the 'Women's Jubilee Address' to the Queen. Rainfall.— The rainfall in Kooringa for the present year is as follows : — January, 0*160 ; February, 0*575 ; March, 0*200; April, 2-5551; May, 1*105 ; June 1st, o*oio ; 3rd, 0*060 ; 4th, 0*050 ; 6th, 0*420 ; 7th, 0*220 ; 8th, 0*005. Total to date 5*360. Total to this time last year, 2*475. Rifle Match. — The team' to represent Burra in the rifle match between the Burra and A and B Troop of Cavalry, to be fired on Burra range on Wednesday next, at the 200, 500 and 600 yard§, will be selected from the following :— Captain Holder, Lieutenant Butterwortb, Sergeants Watt, Anderson, Cor porals Mayger, Lucas, Privates Dixon, Roach, Cooksly, Hardy, Bentley, Nicholls, Parks C, Rabbich T., and Tiver. The Late Mr. J. Varley, S.M. — The esteemed Stipendiary Magistrate for this dis trict Mr. J. Varley, who during the years of his occupancy of his responsible position has won in a most especial manner the confidence of the public, died in Victoria on Wednesday last He -has been . ill for a very long time, the illness being largely the result of anxiety con sequent npon heavy losses from the failure of. the Commercial Bank. Some weeks ago he went to Victoria for the benefit of his health and for a time seemed to rally, but has at last succumbed. Beside his official record he leaves behind him a reputation as a close student of meteorology. The Mayor's Fond.— Amount required about j£ioo. Donations received — Rev. J. S. Wayland. 10s.; Mr. D. S. Packard, J.P., £i is.; Mr. T. Edwards, 5s.; Dr. Sangster, ios. 6d.; .Rev. Father O'DowIing, 10s. 6d.; Cr. Killicoat, £2 2s.; Cr. Anderson, £1 is.; The Mayor, £2 2s.; Mr. T. W. Wilkinson, 10s. 6d.; Mr. J. Jones, 2s. 6d.; ' A,' 10s. 6d.; Mr. G. Morris, 5s.; Mr. R. Thomas, 7s. 6.; Dr. Brummitt, £2 2s.; Cr. Pearce, £1 is.; S.A. M.A., ^20 ; net proceeds of entertainment, £6 ios.; Messrs. S- Drew & Co., £2 2s.; Messrs. Roach Bros., £1 is.; Mr. G. Butter worth, £1 ; Mr. J. D. Cave, ios.; Messrs. W. A. Rabbich &Sons;, £1 is.; Messrs. O'Leary Bros., £l is. Total to date, £45 6s. The Railway Time Tables. — The latest railway time and fare book issued by the Government is in one respect u great improvement on any of its predecessors. The railway map, which is bound with the tables, has been very much enlarged in size and im proved in other ways. The broad and narrow guage railways are distinguished by the em ployment of thick and thin lines ; the situation of most of the towns in the colony is clearly indicted, and thinner lines show the roads by which they have inter-communication. Some of the principal junctions or termini, such as Petersburg, Port Augusta, and Cockbura, are made prominent by die employment of capital letters. Altogether the map contain an im mense amount of geograpical information in an extremely handy form. Considering that it is inserted as an adjunct to the time and fare tables the book is ? unquestionably cheap enough at a penny. Death Through Exposure. — A man who was very far gone with inflammation of the lungs was brought on Tuesday last in care of the police by the first train from Cockburn and placed in the hospital. He Sied about 7.30 p.m. the same evening and was buried by the authorities on the following day. He was too ill after his arrival to be able to communi cate many particulars, but his name is beiieved to be Laurence Furner. He was of Irish birth or descent, unmarried and so iar as could be ascertained without relatives or friends in the colony. He was about 55 years of atje, of a fair complexion with grey hail and whiskers. From his account of himself it appears that he had been lost in the bush somewhere near the border for nearly a week and being without food or shelter all thai time contracted a cold that developed into a more serious illness, which «**wjfd bis death. Proposed New Cabinet. — Considerable speculation has been indulged in as to the probable members of the next Cabinet Tues day's Advertiser said that Messrs. Playford, Coles, and Kingston were freely mentioned as certainties, 'the other two portfolios in the House of Assembly being assigned to Messrs. Roonsevell, Johnson, Mattinson, and Horn bug, the names of Messrs. Johnson and Mat tinson probably meeting with the greatest favour.' There was less definiteness about the representative in the Legislative Council, but the name of the Hon. R. C. Baker was the most frequent mentioned. A later state ment from the same source is that the follow ing is the probable list : — Commissioner of Crown Lands and Premier, Hon. T. Playford ; Chief Secretary, Hon. J. G. Ramsay ; Treasurer, Mr. C. C. Kingston ; Commis' sioner of Public Works, Mr. J. Coles ; Minister of Education, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson. The Cradock 'Ghost.'— The police have laid informations against the members of the Hamdorf family, under (he 63rd clause of the Police Act, for attempting to impose upon Mounted-constables Thomas and Shegog and other persons, by pretending to hold a convei sation with the spirit of a deceased person by means of mysterious knocking, upon their lease hold premises in the Hundred of Mockra, in order to depreciate the value of the land, which being held under lease from the Crown had become liable to forfeiture. The cases will be heard before local Justices at Hammond on the 15th inst. Sub-section 4 of the clause under which the information is laid states that ' every person pretending to teli fortunes, or using any subtle craft, means, or device, pal mistry or otherwise, to deceive and impose npon ?any of Her Majesty's subjects' ? ' shall be liable to imprisonment in any gaol in the said province, with or without hard labour, for any time sot exceeding three calendar months. '—Register. Parliament. — As our readers are aware, it has been generally expected that the ministry would be met immediately after the assembly of Parliament this week by a direct vote of no confidence. There was considerable difference of opinion on some points between the smaller sections into which the majority of the House is divided, and it took several meetings to find a basis of action on which they conld practically unite. A further difficulty was the selection of a leader who would command such a following as to secure success. The choice fell 6a' the Hon. Thos. Playford,' who consented to accept the position with a definite guarantee of adequate support He opened the attack im mediately after the speeches of the mover and seconder of the reply to the address, which were chiefly remarkable for their non-committal character. It was understood from the com mencement that a majority in favour of his amendment was certain, and that made the debate, comparatively tame. There was a general and praiseworthy desire to curtail the discussion as much as practicable, and a good many members exercised an unusual amount of self-restraint. On Tuesday it was acknowledged on both sides that there would be a majority of eight votes against the Government, *but on Wednesday evening we received a telegram, stating that the majority was thirteen. 