NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Tiicro are jobs and jobs. Some political jobs require, on tbe part of their perpetrators, a certain nmount of cleverness. There are others which require nothing more than tho two qualities of political unscrupulousness and meanness. With ono of these, worked on the co-opeiative principle, the close of the present Parliamentary session has just been signalised. It was a mean, contemptible kind of political pocket-picking without a single element of cleverness, ingenuity or dash to mitigate its naked ugliness. On the motion of Mr. Copcland tho House, by a bare majority, decided to billet all its members who have served in throe Parliaments as permanent deadheads on the public rail ways. What this amounts to is the taking of a certain annual sum out of tlie public pocket and giving it to discarded politicians. A yearly pass over the whole of the colony's railways costs a good round sum, and an actuarial calculation on that basis will show that to many a member who gets found out after serving in three Parliaments a life-pass is equal to hundreds of pounds. This money the taxpayer will have to provide. Now, in ordinary cases the Assembly cannot take money out of the public pocket by a mere resolution, and seeing that taxing tbe public to provide free railway trips for broken-down politicians amounts in sub- stance to exactly tho same tiling as taxing them for binding the railways on which the passes are to apply, it is difficult to see why this resolution should have the effect in tended for it. It proposes to impose a permanent tax upon the peoplo, and affirms tlie principle of borrowing money for the purpose of conveying certain individuals through the country 011 tlieir private busi ness. A number of members simply swarmed up last night and demanded this concession for themsel ves. Why should that menu request be granted without authority being obtained to get the money from the public coffers in the usual way ? No principle of public policy whatever was affirmed in the resolution. Itis merely a point blank demand for a gratuity from individuals to whom there is no law author ising that any gratuity be given. If it were brought iain the form of a bill, well and good ; the country could grant the money or not in the regular way, As it is, the country is simply caught unawares and gnrroted. Sir, Copelnnd argued lhat members of Parlia ment were as much' entitled to be super annuated with railway passes as judges nnd oilier functionaries who receive the same privilege. There are privileges, however, which should he granted to nobody. In an open democracy we should pay every public servant in fair coin of the realm and be done with it. Tbe creation of privileged orders in any shape or form is the negation of democracy's first principle. Where is this thing going to stop .' Mr. Copelaud suys only members who have been in three Parliaments should be elevated to the order of railway deadheads. A man mny get into one Parliament, lie says, by a fluke, but after being elected tiiree times he is necessarily a man of distinguished public mark. How is it, then, that it is at this juncture the public reject him and lie becomes a claimant for a life railway pass on the strength of past services? .Some times it takes the public three Parliaments to find out the sort of man their representa tive is. And when tlie knowledge comes it very often turns out that they indignantly send liim about liis business. Then up pop Mr. Copcland and liis accomplices and give him a life'pa3S on the railways that tho pub lic must pay for. Sir Henry Parkes opposed this 'pitiful job, and said he felt rather inclined to abolish the system of granting railway passes to members, even while they enjoy the people's confidence. Mr. Ifaynes, too, made a manly protest amiinst tho creation of any privileged class in this community. When the division came, however, there was a majority of three ln favor of the resolution. Ono little inch I dent showed the eagerness of this majority I to get their hands in the public pocket j while they bad the chance. Mr. Suther land came in just as the bar was being lowered, and fearing that lie might give a vote for the protection of the public they clamored loudly fur his ex pulsion. I'.y this technicality they suc ceeded in preventing one representative of the people from exercising his voice in respect to the matter. All the buttresses of tho Democratic Arch, as -.veil as tho Keystone, voted for tlie resolution. This is the sort of thing which discredits tiie motives of those who support payment of members. Paving active members and rewarding discarded members are two totally different tilings. 'J'he object of paying members is to enable poor men to sit in the House. It is a matter of public policy. Granting free passes to men wlioni the public no longer want, for members, however, is simply a matter of enriching individuals at tlie expense of the- public. Unfortunately, tlie men who have most to say nben-t tlio necessity of paying members were inso lently conspicuous in voting last night to pay themselves after they cease to be mem bers. Wo say again. Where is this sort of thing to stop.' Why not pass a resolution authorising discarded politicians to apply to the Treasury annually for suits of clothes, till I liats, free houses, free liquor, free any thing at all .' They would liavc just 113 much right to nuy of these things as to free railway trips. Mr. JIaynea, at t he eonelu- s i 011 of tlie job, rose up nnd denounced it in scathing terms. Ho informed tlie House that one of tlie first things lie would do next session would be to move the rescission of this resolution, and in the meantime pre dicted that it would be repudiated with scorn from one cud of the country to tlie other. After this Mr. Copeland became anxious about the deficit and could not go into recess without asking the Government how it was getting on. The Colonial Treasurer was able to inform him that the deficit was, to quote Mr. Toots, "as well as could be expected". Nothing would require to be done to it until next session, and Mr. Copeland could enjoy his recess in peace. Mr. Mel- ville, however, still had misgivings, and gloomy imaginings remained haunting tlie soul of Mr. Garvan, This was perhaps the ghost of political conscience strangled when Mr. Gar- van voted for the resolution asking to have our railways made more unproductive than they are by carrying discarded John Davieses, Ezekiel Bakers, et hoc genus " on the nod." Mr. M'Elhone reiterated his charges of cor ruption against the Minister for Justice iin connection with the Circular Quay frontage and obtained Sir Henry Parkes' assurance that the matter would be thoroughly sifted before tbe bargain was completed. The mat ter is one which the Premier undoubtedly ought to look into. Sir Henry by no means seemed to relish the business last night, but he is not entitled to much sympathy in the position these disclosures may place him in. It would be a misfortune to see the Ministry wrecked just yet. A great trust was con fided to Sir Ilenry Parkes' care a few months ago, and for the sake of that trust it is a pity he did not show more discretion in the choice of colleagues. As far as he is con cerned personally, this trouble, whether it be great or small, only serves him right. That is not saying, however, that it serves the country right. The Opposition took their last fling on the Appropriation r>ui. it nau neon a time ot mutual courtesy, said Mr. Melville, alluding apparently to the manner in which both sides of the House fraternised ou tho rail- way-paas job. After that I10 demanded a little relaxation from these restraints, and took it by accusing tlie Government of as many breaches of tho Decalogue as his impromptu imagination could suggest. Mr. O'Sullivan exercised him self in a similar way, nnd just about this time news came into tlio Chamber that tho Council had put the Payment of Members Bill under the table. If a misinterpretation of tho motives of tho Assembly in passing the measure had anything to do with this, those who voted for the resolution of Mr. Copelaud a few hours before must not com plain. The Appropriation Biil is usually a mere formality to close the financial business with j but on this occasion it was used as a political clothesline on which to hang out all the dirty linen tlmt has accumulated during the session. Mr. M'Elhonc acted as head laundryman and had quite a busy night of it. Everybody was accused of everything from petty larceny to high treason, and Messrs. Melville and O'Sullivan acted in each case as witnesses for the prose cution. After this had gone on for a couple of liour3 or so, Mr. Abbott thought the Oppo sition, of which Mr. M'Elhone has now de posed Mr. Melville from the leadership, had had enough. He advised them in a respect- U» »l r UICI V1UIL, IV U1U|1 IV, it uiuu bUUJ did. The bill went through without further interruption, and no amendment was re ported at the end of the committee ordeal. The third reading was thereupon passed, and the cheque for all Mr. Burns' millions politi cally sigued. A few inconsiderable odds and ends of legislation were brushed up from the Government paper and saved ; the whole of the heavier matter, including the Bnilway liill and Foreign Criminals' Bill, being cast into the session refuse heap. 