(&nw;$tm I n t e l l i g e n c IRELAND. MR. DILLON ON THE CAMPAIGN. A magnificent meeting was held at Arklow on Sunday, 16th July, to give expression to the sympathy felt in the town and the surrounding country for the tenantry on the Coolgreany estate who have been thrown out of their homes. The tenants on all the neighbouring estates assembled in great numbers, and showed much enthusiasm. All the Coolgreany tenants attended. There were several bands present. The Rev. J. Dunphy, P.P., Arklow, was moved to the chair. The rev. chairman, in opening the proceedings, said that it was not likely that the priests of Ireland and the priests of that diocese were leading the people astray when they strongly advised them to resist, as they had a perfect right to do, the Emergency men who were throwing them out of their homes. (Cheers.) Fr. O'Donnell moved, and Mr. P. Kavanagh seconded, the following resolution, which was carried :— "That we have perfect confidence in the Plan of Campaign to protect us from the ruffian raids of ruthless landlordism; that we admire the fidelity of the Coolgreany tenants to the principles of the Plan, as well as their courage in defending their homes, and we hereby solemnly pledge ourselves to sustain them till we wring from their persecutors the justice which they demand." Mr. John Dillon, M.P., who was received with prolonged cheering, said— Nobody can know all that is at stake in the success or failure of this movement of the Plan of Campaign, which is a policy placed before the people of Ireland for the purpose of enabling them to put down the tyranny from which they have suffered for fifty—ay, and for a hundred years ; which has desolated the country and reduced the population, and which has turned hundreds of thousands of virtuous Irish families into beggars or into exile. The system has gone on in its ruthless course like some terrific Eastern despotism over the corpses of the Irish race, and bids fair to turn this smiling country into a desert and a waste. Look around the county of Wicklow to-day. Don't you know how many a ruined homestead you can take shelter in P Don't you know the hundreds of houses from which the people have been swept for no crime, and no offence, and that they were turned out even when they offered to pay the full rent ? This policy is to protect the people when the old alternative is offered to them of pay the rent or go, and by which we hoped, and still hope, that the ruthless career of Irish landlordism will be checked and broken, and by which we hoped, and still hope, that the defenceless tenantry of Ireland, who in the past had been at the mercy of their masters, will be no longer at the mercy of any man, but will be turned into free men—a policy by which we hope to change the population of Ireland from being little more than slaves, and to enable them to live in this land as free men, and with the fear of no other man in their hearts. (Cheers.) NOT ASHAMED OF COOL&BEANT.; Having referred to the circumstances under which the P i-i of Campaign was brought into opermi have come here to-day to thank the people of Coolgreany—(cheers) —to thank them because, under difficult circumstances, and under circumstances of cruel suffering, as it must be to every farmer who is driven from. his home, they have not turned their back upon their policy ; they have remained faithful not only to their own interests, but faithful to a greater and higher interest —to the interest of their country, to the interest of their class and the suffering people of Ireland, whose fate in the future depended on their fidelity. (Cheers.) Because if the people on this estate turned traitors, if they had given way and paid, under the terror of eviction, their rents to their landlords, if they had accepted the proposals made to them to break the combination, it would have weakened the cause of Ireland in the very hoar of its crisis, and it would have proved a disaster which it would have taxed our utmost resources to overcome. I say that the cause of the Irish tenant, the cause of the ppnnln of Ireland, the future of the peop o f I reland, and their chances of being permitted to live in their- own country depend upon the courage and the resolution and the fidelity with which the men who are now in death-grips with the landlords will stand to their guns, and prove to the other landlords in Ireland that the man that closed with this combination is likely - to come out of that straggle a beggar and a ruined and broken man. Therefore, I say to the men of Cool- greany and of the other estates, which . are now in considerable number, that you are now fighting not only for your own interests, not only for your own future, you are fighting the battle of Ireland as the men who charged these streets eighty-eight years ago. You are .fighting, it is true, not under circumstances of such desperate danger. Times alter and circumstances alter also. You are fighting with more of hope and less of risk; but just as in the old times THE MEN or '98 did not hesitate to pile their bodies on the streets of this town, because they believed that they were struggling on behalf of the old cause and the old country, so you to-day will not hesitate and will not flinch even when the walls of the old house come tumbling down before your eyes. (Cheers.) It is a cruel thing to suffer, but it is for the old cause, and you will not be false to the memories of the fathers that went before you. I say here to-day, and I do not hesitate to say it, that I for one am not ashamed of the action of the men of Coolgreany. (Cheers.) Maybe that under certain circumstances greater sacrifices and greater risks would be demanded at the hands of the people of Ireland, but they have done what they were asked to do! (Cheers.) They have stood bravely and seen their homes tumbled, and themselves thrust out, because that was what they were called upon to do on behalf of the old cause ; and I believe that these men would do other deeds if they were asked to do them—(cheers)—if the times demanded it. Therefore I say that Ireland has no cause to be ashamed of the men on this estate. They have been loyal and true men, and the Irish race will remember them; and so long as we have the confidence of the people, and so long as the Irish struggle is one of which men can be proud to suffer and work, so long will these men not be left deserted or in poverty. (Cheers.) Now, I want to say a few words upon a speech that was made here a few days ago. There is no man in Irish politics for whom I have a greater respect than Michael Davitt. (Cheers.) We have been OLD FBIENDS, and I trust we shall be friends to the end. But I cannot at the same time refrain from expressing my regret that he should have selected this place to find fault with the advice that was given in Dublin. His opinion, from the sacrifices which he has made, and his character before the people of Ireland, will always of necessity carry with it the greatest weight in the councils of the national party. And I beseech Mr. Davitt that if in the future he has any fault to find with any counsel that has been given by the central organisation, which represents the Irish race, that he will come to Dublin and lay his opinions before us in private—(hear, hear)—when, I need hardly say, his opinions and his voice will receive the utmost weight; but I do say that now, when the organisation has been threatened with proscription under the Coercion Act, and by the Tory Government, that this is not the time to discuss any slight differences in public. And my earnest wish is this, as it has been always, that the Irish race—God knows they have enemies enough in front of them—should keep a solid, unbroken, and undivided front to the enemy, and that all their differences as to detail should be discussed in the privacy of their own council chambers. (Hear, hear.) I trust that this policy will be pursued in future, and this I say, that the gentleman to whom reference in connection with certain advice, which was said to have been given in Dublin—I mean Mr. Harrington—(cheers)—is a man whom I have known and worked with throughut the whole of this movement, and I know of no one in whose courage—his reckless and determined courage—and in hose honesty and whose honour I have ore implicit trust. I say that because know that Mr. Harrington, from his own osition, will not be a man to defend himelf, and therefore I feel bound as a olleague to bear this testimony to him. Mr. Harrington is not the man to give counsels of timidity to anyone, and it must be owing to some strange misconception that his speech has been taken as an advice to the people to play the part of cowards. (Hear, hear.) I know of no man in Ireland, not even Mr. Davitt, in whose courage I have more implicit trast. I hope that this is the last we shall hear in public of matters of this kind. The objects we have in view are the same, and if we should differ about details of policy—but I confess that in this particular instance I fail to see where it lies—I trust that we shall in future arrange our councils in private, so that when we come in the face of the enemy let there be but one advice and one action. By that course, and by that course : alone, can we expect to succeed in the face of TREMENDOUS DIFFICULTIES which bar our path—difficulties certainly there are. We are now face to face with coercion, which is to come into force next week. I took the liberty of saying in Parliament last week that the people of Ireland would not alter their position one iota in consequence of that Act. (Hear.) That is the advice that I intend to give the people of Ireland; and, believe me, after two or three months, if you act upon that, advice—if you show the wretched, feeble, tottering Government which is now hastening to a rapid death under the stabs of Lord Randolph Churchill, if you show them that you treat them with contempt, you will find that after two or three months that Coercion Act will be absolutely valueless, that it is useful only as a ghost or bogie to frighten you ; and if you refuse to be frightened and show that you are determined to go on your course, you will find that this miserable Coercion Act is utterly and absolutely futile, and it, like many a formidable measure in the past, will be trodden down into the dust before the onward march of the enfranchised people of Ireland. (Loud cheers.) 