The Terror Inside the. Threshold. Stolid, lethargic, mulish, and not to be taught by experience:; that is the character of the Anglo-Saxon. It has not been much modified in this clearer Australian climate. He profits by no warning, however terrible. It is only when the eihemy is at his gates that he begins to thilnk of preparing to meet him. Then, if the enemy retires to wait for a better opportunity the Anglo. Saxon, good easy man, goes comfortably to' sleep again, instead of setting his defences in ordei·to repel the next invasion. A good example of this may be .found' in the way in which we went to work, like Bedlamites, to drill soldiers, and build'.fortifications, when we thlought the -Rissians were coming, and then, .when we discovered the alarm was premature (only premature, not ground less, remember), disbanded: our. soldiers, dis continued our fort-building,;. reduced the garrisons of the forts already built to an average of three purblind gunners, and sank into slumber once more with a wide smile of 'security on our faces. But a grimmer and ghastlier 'illustration than this is to be' found in the manner in which we allowed a deadlier enemy "than the Russians-Typhoid Fever-to grow up. out of'seething rottenness without 'troubling ourselves about it, until troubling of-any kind was almost too late.- Now,' when Death has come' to dwel in' thq sme sti~eset with mence to curse fate and the Board of Health; The papers reek with letters-which should be fumigated before' being read, even' in print- denouncing scores of nuisances in every suburb-nurseries of disease and sloughs of death, as one correspondent vigorously described them. But why all this furious.uproar about them-now? They did not spring into existence in a night. They. are old familiar landmarks. They have existed in the scme places, peacefully breeding typhoid germs, for years. No firce' light of criticism was let in upon them, no complaints were made about them, till, touched by the ;vivifying sun, the. germs bred within them went forth to do their appointed duty and play. havoc with the census; How was this.? 'i Everybody who knew anything-everybddy who posses sed even a rudimentary organ of smell, and most people have that much-'knew that these ancient rottennesses would,' if undis turbed, breed death sootier or later. No ghost of a typhoid. victim was.required. to. come from the,othe .world to tell them this. They knew that fatality waits uponi filth ts surely 'as that night follows day. Whly, then, all this affectation of- surprise and horror at the outburst of typhoid.now ?-' It is merely another Anglo-Saxon. character-'. istic. The only inference to be drawn from. the present panic, is that the people .who are making the most row have no direct dislike of filth as ffilth, lbut only when considered in directly as the cause of disease to theniselves or their own particular friends. Further, they are callous; The next: street to them might be depopulated,, and they would not take any interest in the fact. (if they were sure of being safe themselyes)' other than as a subject of conversation. It is only when the skeleton hand knocks at their own doors, or comes so close that 'they feel the damp smell of the grave in the `air, that they rouse .themselves and rend the welkin with howls for vengeance on the Municipal Council and the Board of Health,. and everything and everybody they can think of. Their son or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, is. at tacked 'by. the disease, and they think that the entire population' should rise as one man and paint themselves crimson in the gore of Town .Councillors and Inspectors of Nui sances. They forgot that their son ,or daughter, or dearly beloved relative, is no more to the public at large than:the son:or. daughter, or dearly beloved relative,.of.any-: body else.. And the chances are,, too, that these are the very people whod had most cause to ,dread (if- anybody had ever any cause to, dread such good-natured, easy going persons) the visits of. Inspectors of Nuisances. : . , The fact is that there is, little use in ap pointing Inspecters bf Nuisazdees if people, instead.of helping, try to thwai?; them in the execution of their duties. This :may be done passively, as well as actively. Every house hold contributes a certain quantity of refuse matter to the general total, and it is the duty of every householder to see- that it is all car ried away, and not'allowed to 'accumulate in back'yards, and dirt-pits, or used :(as some. filthily thrifty folk use it) to fertilise garden patches.. If it is not carried away he should give notice'to the proper authorities. They will perform their part of the contract if he perform his.. 'Every householder should be his own Inspector of nuisances. If this sani tary truth were generally appreciated, and acted upon, we should hear iittle-if we heard anything, about native-born epidemics, because there would be no beds:for .them to breed in. .Uncleanness is sin,-ahd the wages ,of sin- we.knofr..tobe .death.-Waare getting all our arrears of pay noW. ~w' ; ;" 