THE BED THAT GOULD NOT BE MOVED. I waa always influenced by coinci dences, presentiments, and strange unaccountable tales. X always enjoyed reading or bearing of them, and for years aspired to be the hero of one. Honrs of relaxation without a good sensational tale or ghost story were shorn of half their restful benefit. Of course I knew all the tricks of the ghostly romancer by heart ; I was up to all his ancient houses, tapestried cham bers, old pictures, furniture, secret panels, and the like ; bat they amused me to follow none the less, and at one time my only wish was for some personal ex perience amongst Bnch surroundings. It never came, however, and when at last there did happen to me a startling ad venture, it was amidst circumstances the most prosaic and commonplace, having for a background nothing more romantic and weird than a newly-erected suburban and 1 Jerry-bnilt' house. Yes, it was in such an unpromising place, and under most matter-of-fact conditions, that I passed throngh an experience of which even to this day I cannot think without a shudder. Not thatitwasaghostlyformoftheterrible.aod though unnatural, could not be said to be supernatural ; but it was sufficiently appalling to be classed with any romance of dark deeds and singular escapes. My business took me entirely out of the region of romance. I had uever had a chance of passing a night in a haunted house or room, and, as my studies in that direction led me only to look in such places for what I hoped to find, I was perhaps less prepared for what happened. It came about in this fashion. The Volunteer movement bad just com menced, and I, like other able-bodied youngsters, enlisted in the cause with considerable enthusiasm. Five-and- twenty years ago, those who had more money and leisure than the rest were naturally thought the fittest to undertake commands, without much regard to any-: thing else. Here and there exceptions, however, were made to thiB unwritten rale, and I was one of these, for certainly : I had no 'money. I do not want to appear egotistical ; bat I had a turn for soldiering, was smart, quick, and- fairly well set np. I soon acquired proficiency sufficient to justify quick promotion, and ere long I found myself captain of my company. It was said I had the making in me of a good soldier. I obeyed to the tetter, and expected others, to do the same. Authority, however, was- often disputed on parade. The position of an officer, therefore, who knew what he was talking about, was not always an enviable one. Mine was not, for I am hasty and peppery, and seldom measure my words to the rank and file ; but in the main I do not think I was unpopular, and I certainly had no idea that I was sowing the seeds of vengeful ill-wilL One young fellow there was, however, who displayed a very turbulent spirit, and perhaps I might have doubted him. But after one or two un seemly disputes, iu our relative capacities ot captain and private, he, like others of his temper, left the corps, and I utterly forgot his existence and hie name. After two years, the persistent cold shoulder turned by the authorities of the War Office towards the Volunteers, as is well known, bad a very cooling effect noon their enthusiasm. Manv of the regiments dwindled visibly ; the earnest men became disgusted, and the indiffer ent threw np what little interest they might originally have taken in the move ment. I was amongst the former, and when by degrees the numbers became so reduced that the whole affair was feet growing farcical, I, too, resigned, and retired f<>r a while into private life. Begretfnlly ? Yes, for I bad grown fond of soldiering. Still, I saw that nnless the movement was placed on a very different footing, the position of a private was far preferable to that of an officer ; indeed, was the only becoming one for a a. If AM p.a1«SSa«> IiaM CBAllfllT I An me eventually to join another corps in that capacity. I enjoyed the shooting, the exercise, and the drill ; refusing all offers of promotion, content to play the humble and obscnre part of an amateur Tommy Atkins. When the third year of this service was drawing to its close, there came round a certain Easter time, bringing with it, according to cnstom, the Vol unteer Review. I cared little for these military promenades, contributing, as they then didj .to little else than pomp and vanity ; bnt I thought t would attend this one, which was to be held in" the neighbourhood of Goldchester, my birthplace, away np in the Midlands ; bnt to which I had not been for eighteen years. I thought I should like to vibic the old and once familiar spot ; I heard it had improved and grown- into a large manufacturing town, and I was curious, if not sentimental, on the subject. My finances, however, werelow, and although I knew 1 could go inexpensiyety enough for the three days with the regiment, I wanted a longer and more uninterrupted time at the place 'in order to give my cariosity, and such Bentiment as I had, full play. 1So ldeterminea to speim » week in the town on the cheap, and join headquarters when they arrived 'there. A large, wild, and open tract of heathy and moorland, for which the neighbour hood was dietinguLshedj Offered a splendid battle-gronnd for the amateur soldiers,- and this, In former days, had been a favourite hannt of mine. Now, I was, told, the suburbs of Goldchester expended nearly to the skirts of this; moor, and X settled that I wonld try and Tina lodg ing on that ride of the town. ' - . . .. Well, I arrived on the Monday; after noon. prsoeding the Good Friday, made straight to carry out my intention, but when Ihsa threadedmy way tbrough wfortjffera'fqniMriy the/ jimits of the town in the direction ot. xne . nmoi, a simply " lost. J myself. Grown' : altered . lines of rie V r i streets, - Jromcafe, Pd, : bustle,' wham .' green lanes;;tmt eventually I- got.rfilear of. rirb. ...-r pretfy -gil&riBidtitriiriim; jiaipppiffi 5s clusters ofsriilchrlifterinlnglli pleasantly with the bricks and mortar, veiled and softened the inherent ob- trusiveness of the. pretentious architec tural lines. A fairly broad and pretty river, willow-fringed and rush-margined, likewise lent considerable attraction to the district through which it wound iu many a picturesqbe sweep and bend. The row of bouses, in one of which I took np my abode, backed on to this river, down to the banks of which ran little narrow strips of gardens, from the rear of the buildings, whilst their wooded character afforded a bright and cheerful outlook from the windows. There were not more than half-a- dozen dwellings in Chester Terrace, as It modestly called itselF, and when T first came upon it and saw the words, ' Apartments for a Single Gentleman,' in the window of an end house, X determined at once to negotiate for them. Indeed there was no choice, for at the next door — the only other occupied tenement — there was nothing to let ; the row did not appear to have been finished more than a few weeks. The landlord was at home when I knocked, and a brass plate on the door informed me that his name was Carstack, engineer and surveyor. The next door too, number five, had another plate on it with the name, ' Mr. Raphael Carstack, Surgeon, etc. In reply to my enquiry, the engineer begged me to walk in. He was effusively polite, but his voice was harsh, unpleasant, and not without a feint foreign accent. ' Wonld I be so good as to look at the rooms I — on the first, back and front. He was enre he wonld make me comfort able. His dangbter-in-law was an excellent cook — she lived next door with her hasband, and came in and out to attend upon lodgers.' The terms being low, I went upstairs to inspect. A comfortable sitting-room with bed-room adjoining behind, both simply .hut neatly furnished ; the bed alone calling for any special mention. It was somewhat pecnliar-lookiog, from being very low, iron, withoot hangings, and for a single person. I agreed to engage the apartments for the inside of a fortnight. 'Yon have come to take part in onr great military display, sir,' said Mr. Car- stack, watching me as I stood my rifle In a corner and nnslnng my knapsack, for of coarse I was in uniform and in heavy marhing order — rather more heavy perhaps than became a soldier. 1 Ah ! it will be a fine display — good practice and excellent training. It is an admir able movement, this. My son is a Volunteer and a capital shot, hut he has not mnch time — doctors are busy men.' X expressed satisfaction, and the voluble landlord continued : ' As you are here so soon, you will perhaps enter the rifle competition, which takes place this week on the moor. There are many prizes — some very valu able, and open to all comers, some.' Ah ! indeed ?' I said, ' I am glad to know that. Certainly I shall go in for a little shooting. There should be an excellent range to be found on the moor.' Oh 1 yea, first rate, sir ; but excuse me, you seem to speak as if yon knew the place ? Yon are, perhaps no stranger ?' No, I knew Goldchester years ago.' ' Really 1 Do yon know many of the nhahitants 1' No, I suspect not now. Most . of those I knew are dead, and others wonld not remember me.' It is long then since you were here 1 Many years perhaps V continued C irs tack inquisitively, and eyeing me furtively. ' And yonr name, sir ? your name might be known, if not yourself.' ' My name is Garrett — Richard Gar- ratt,' X answered, ' but X doubt if any of my family are to be fonnd in Goldchester now.' He appeared struck by the name, started at it almost, and then regarded me more curioudy than ever. 1 But now, perhaps you will get me something to eat,' I went on, a little bored by the man's cariosity and manner. I had rapidly made np my mind that I Aid not like him. He bad a sinister as- pect and a bad face, though be was fairly | good-looking ; dark, about sixty, and 1 decidedly not wholly English. . The J effect my name produced on him set 1 me wondering if I could remember his as 1 connected with the town, and after a bit, I I- did seem to recover a dim memory of I it. Yes, it -certainly was associated 1 somehow with my early days, bnt too j vaguely to give a lead-as to any circum stances connected with. it. I am naturally taciturn, and perhaps not very sociable, and on this occasion I felt as- usually depressed. The return to the olA-plsee, the recollections it brought back, and " the reference the man bad made to my possible acquaintances in it, revived memories not exhilarating. A. -A.. v». T Eu.n4.le FaV JSo atter a . j. stroll while my meal wife preparing. Inl the course cf the. ramble,. I came across .the headquarters of the local corps, mere , 'placard announced, with the fall par- j tlcnlars of the roles, entries, etc., that the prizes far the Grand Rifle Competition on Goldstone Moor .wcre.' now, on vie. , I read, became Interested; mud went into- the building. Ifletermined to enter my- eebf at least far the' All Comers' Frize— i 3 a.a t«AV_mUkmWls('. Wll.1l & 00188 of twenty sovereigns, and there it stood I amongst others. <«> eort of «>nnter m I front ot me.. Ibopght l should like to pall that off; H wonld lie very accept- 1 able, and I was prepared to back my stall. | I did so, by paying the necessary small fees to the attendant, had my name and thatof my corps entered in the official j list of competitors, aha then looked over j It.. Ambngit them was the name of RapbaeVCarstack, doubtless that of my j landlord's sbh—he doctor. The shooting wis to take place on the 1 two following days, so 1 tf"mD, j that I wonWnot giye way to_the_ sad memories " 'which "' the ' ' 'neighbourhood ; revived, and tbat l bbould'infimtefy pre- > 4i a Jawe mi 4Jia innen. or88ZV ikkvivo w wuiw ffbj | . t _ /. ' .« - i aoor «fter fospentliag 1 fortable at the lodgings, bnt the 1 Ltd' ®aSaiS<ww««. in the room appeared to communicate with the next house, bnt had no lock or any sign of a fastening on my side. It seemed to be a fixture, solid and with out any apparent means of being opened. The next morning I could not refrain from questioning the yonng woman — the daoghter-in-law — who served my break fast, abont the bed. She appeared en able, certainly nnwilliog, to expatiate on the subject It was some invention of ; her father's ; be was always inventing one thing or another — she didu't under stand them. A comely, intelligent, but : sad and scared-looking woman, neat, handy, and attractive, bnt not quite of the Btatnp one expects to find in the wife of a medical man ; nor did her occupation harmonise with her position. As she was abont to leave the room she glanced back at me, and putting her finger to her lips, said, lowering her voice : ' Don't ask about that bed, sir. Don't seem surprised at it. Take my advice.' Then, walking close np to me, she whis pered : ' Keep good friends with them — my father and hasband I mean.' Startled and surprised for a moment, X did not speak, and she was again about to leave the room when I called ber back peremptorily. What do you meant' I asked. 'I keep good friends with everybody I hope; your father and husband are not likely to give me cause to break my habit, I soppose 1' I hope not ; bnt they are dangerons to quarrel with.' ' How long have you been married V ' Not six months, and I wish I'd never seen him.' ' Does yonr husband ill-treat von ?' 'Not quite that ; very near. But I'm afipaM nf t.liATn hnth.' Tears were starting in ber eyes, and she seemed on the point of uoburthening her mind farther when a footstep in the passage below was audible, and she flew from the room like a frightened hare. ' Sufficiently mysterious all this,' I thought, 'and not reassuring. I must keep my eyes open.' Then, in a not quite comfortable frame of miud, I prepared for my shooting expedition, shouldered my rifle, and in the course of half-an-hour found myself one of the many stragglers who were wending their way towards the rifle-range. A bright and lovely spring morn ing, without wind, and with a soft-, subdued, yet clear light, it was all that a good shot could desire. I do not linger to describe the scene. The arrangements were orderly, and con ducted after the usual manner of such gatherings. Volunteers from rations neighbouring corps made np the sqnads of competitors for the various prizes at various ranges. Some were entirely composed of the uniforms belonging to the GoldcheBter couroanv. and two or three of these eventually fell in with the shooting party for the All Comers Prize, in which I was concerned. Onr names and qualifications attested, and our rifles duly examined, after the customary loose and bappy-go-lncky system, or want of system, which was adopted in those days, we marched to the range in charge of a militia sergeant, and went throngh the preliminary stages of the competition. All this I pass over. It is enough tha% in the course of the afternoon, I and three others stood ont as the four highest scorers, qualified to shoot off the last stage. Three others, and as their names were called out, I noted that of Raphael Carstack. One look left no doubt that he was the son of his father — as like him as he could stare — and stare he did at me considerably. Nor did I fail to return his gaze, for it had gradually grown npon me that I knew bis face. At last I cangbt it, but only just before we had arrived at the critical moment of the contest. He and I had mads the two highest scores out of the four with a tie, and were abont to shoot it off, at eight hundred yards. He was to fire first, and as he dropped on bis I knee in position, be gave me about as I malicious a look as bumau eyes are 1 capable of, and it was that look which I told me where I had seen him before. He was that yonng recalcitrant fellow in my old company who bad insulted me on parade five - years . ago ! Sorely an ominous coincidence this — our being brought together again under these cir cumstances — and in more direct opposi tion than ever 1 Whether his temper, stirred by his old I animosity and increased by onr present position, affected his shooting, I do riot know. Bnt in his five ronnds he failed to score what was possible by some three I or four points — the consequence being I that I went in, beat him easily, and was I pronounced winner of (be prize.' " The I venom in his eyes, it ie needless to Bay, j was not diminished ' after this, nor did S any civil effort of mine -at conciliation 1 aHaa ie T-Oiimirlil il hotter nnt to refer to the past — he appeared to do the same. The few words we exchanged referred almost exclusively to the business on I hand ; and although I made some refer- I ence to my having . taken up my abode I under his father's roof, be ignored tbat fact, being too much occupied in the i'meal he was making off his own heart with disgust, mortification, and hatred of j me, for" having snatched the goblet and 1 thfl twentv oonnda from his grasp. At the end of the day, as I returned to the lodgings, I thought to myself : '« Well, whatever his. yonng wife may. have meant, fate has' ordained that I should fly in the very face of her advice 1' I had quarrelled most effectually with one member of her family, and by no fault of :my own. ...... As bed-time arrived, my mind natur ally reverted more than ever; to the girl's reticsnceabout that immovable bedstead, and I gave it closer examination. . This .showed me that the legs dropped into little sockets or- holes in the floor,; and could not be lifted out of them. This looked ife if it might be connected with I the room beneath. Then what ; was I beneath t Merely the ground-floor beet 4-the landlord's sleeping apartment "Hie 'window gave -npon the garden behind. Spriiig twilight still lingered in the sky, and, as I Jooked .out, I mw father and aim down at the end of ihe garden among the bnflies close 7 0 the jriwr. They were both attentiy|Ly :iqii»g1«iiy win dow it the M«tariV,:X,T3tew|np-tbe blind. When they saw me they faced round, as SfSS!©&lP5Sl;|W kfi&f; bittsd ' pasfea it waa not to be HiidilSkfid. : -1 i- -i% aTiSnnfiltnrned in, but did not Ixbabiel. : oungtOacstack and his father appeared to be standing on either side of the bed, and then one became my own father — long dead. Then tbey both stooped over me, and they both had my father's face close to mine. Then I was ont on the moor by the butts — firing was going on, bnllete whizzed ronnd my head ; one struck me on the arm, and I saw in the distance that it had been fired by young Carstack. He was aiming at me again 1 In my frantic efforts to get nnder shelter I awuke. This sort of thing seemed to go on more or less all night, but when up and dressed I did not feel much the worse. There awaited me on the breakfast table a somewhat bnlky envelope, con taining a large letter forwarded to me by my landlady at home, to whom I had sent my-address the night of my arrival in Chester Terrace. As I was abont to tear the onter envelope I noticed that it was soiled, and on a closer scrutiny it looked very much as if it might have been damped and opened after it had been stock down. Yes, it certainly had been tampered witb. Again, I fancied that the enclosure, a long bine envelope like a lawyer's, had been treated iu the same way. However, I did not stop to consider, for I was ignorant of the hand writing and carious to learn the contents. I was not accnstomed to receive lawyer's letters. Well indeed might I have been cations, for the docament announced that, most unexpectedly, a certain valu able property, actually in Goldchester itself, had been left me by an uncle jnst deceased. It had belonged to my father, bat, throngh some irregalar technicality in his will, had not devolved npon me at his death as I knew it ought to have doue. Ten yeara ago I had had a law suit abont this property, and lost it And now here it was bequeathed to me 1 My uncle and I bad quarrelled over it, aod bad cot met for years. I did not know till this moment even where he bad been living. And now it turned out he had lived aod died in Goldchester, and had been buried the day before my arrival. The letter came from a local lawyer, had been sent to my home, aod forwarded thence to me here again at Goldchester. Stranger still, and yet still stranger — the property consisted of the very land on which this new suburb, with Chester Terrace in the centre of it, had been bnilt. This discovery, arrived at only after close and attentive perusal of the letter now in my hand, literally took my breath away. The bare facts here condensed mast be accepted as sufficient, briefly to explain a very complicated business. But tbey are the facts, and that is all tbat is wanted. I did not spend tbat day at the rifle range, as may be gnessed. It was mainly passed in the solicitor's office, and with him in visiting my Hncle's residence — a new houBe recently built on the estate. A childless, lonely, nnloved old man, the solicitor seemed to have been nearly bis only friend. Tbat gentleman, in the coarse of onr long confabulation, told me many things concerning him ; one matter especially adding considerably to the cations coin cidences which bad already associated me with the Carstacks. It seems tbat my uncle's will, by which I inherited, had been made four years previously, but that about a week before his death, be had had another drawn, which be, fortu nately for me, bad not signed. By it he bad left that notable estate to none other than yonng Mr. Raphael Carstack, the doctor wDO naa neen arxenaing mm ev« since be settled in the neighbourhood. He is a sharp, knowing fellow, that,' j said the lawyer, ' and acquired great influence over your ancle. I am only surprised that be did not take care to see that the will was executed. I drew both the documents and have them in my pos session, and I was daily expecting to be summoned to the old gentleman with bis second one, that he might eign it; It is strange how- people change their minds. Four years ago, when he was first ill, yonr uncle was keenly anxious that yon ehonld have the property — made you his executor with me — told me be regretted having availed himself of the legal in- ( accuracy, which gave it to him instead of to yon. Then this young doctor got hold of him, mesmerised him, as one may say, I suppose, for a while, and induced him to alter the disposition of bis wealth ; and yet the old man conld not make np his mind to dispossess you. Anyway, yon have nothing to thank the doctor for — nor he, you, for the matter of that — there will be no love lost between you.' No, indeed,' I exclaimed, and then I recounted to the solicitor my experiences of. the Carstack family. ' Yes,' he said, ' it is very odd, cer tainly, that yon going there as the lodger, should actually, while under their root be transformed into the ground landlord of the whole estate. Well,' I said, I think 1 shall move my traps. The sooner I get away the better, now, remembering what Mrs. Raphael Carstack said ; for, letting alone the shooting episode, I could not have; more thoroughly incurred the doctor's animosity than by catting him ont of the property.' ' Perhaps it wonld be as well,' eaid the lawyer, for, to .tell yon the truth, neither father nor son is quite beyond suspicion. The elder man Originally lived in s very .low part of tbe town, aod .came there no one exactly knows when or why. There it a rumonr that at one time in lis lifo he was kept in retirement for his coun-; try's good, and although his son ia fully qualified to practise, it.. is eaid- that, as a medical student in Xioudop, he was con nected with some professor of mesmerism and epirit- rapping, a charlatan who had to make himself scarce. I should never be astonished to hear thatrthie ffilloa has to do the same some flay. He baa little br no practice — seems to be very needy, and I have heard that ha and bis father took these" two' ; adjoining houses in OhesterTerrfcce with thh ldea of establish ing a port of mesmpric hospital, or some- thing ot tbat kino, rue oea you. men tion, probably, - ia. - some scheme in that, direction.' : Ipat does he certify that my uncle flied 50f YiaskedEignificantiy. . .. ."t ' Angina Pectoris 5 but J bBlifiVetnatfl all straight enough, i It would have been Cerateck'a polic'y to havePept him alive as long as he bbhHj pr jflhtil tbat second will area signed.'"-- V'./ , .!.« Further conrideration -debermlned sne Sow (hat mmfe i rio oTgect, to more toflrie.wf'tiieshfiWissbnt the fhreej W; were quite'faiV&wiBg; to the luflux- pf; visitors and; Yoluoteentfor -tbfe review kto class innB failed for tbe name Tea son. Then I langhed at my weakness. What bad I to fear at Chester Terrace t Being there, there I would stay until the review was over. My co-executor the lawyer and I dined together that night. We decided that I should say nothing to the Carstacks on the curions way in which fate had mixed the young doctor np with my affairs. . I wonld wait and see if they took any notice of it. The father let me in, handed me a chamber candle with bis usual politeness, but made no refer ence to the matter, and I finally went to bed, sleeping fairly well. But the follow ing night — the Good Friday Eve — mat ters came to a climax indeed. Nothing particular occurred at the distribution of prizes, which took place in tbe afternoon. I received mine from the hands of the Mayoress of Goldchester, and brought it borne. Mr. Raphael Carstack did not show np, and his father told me apologetically that he had a patient to see at a great distance, and probably wonld not return home till the morrow. The fellow osten tatiously inspected and admired the gob let, eyed the parse canningly, and con gratulated me. Naturally I liked him less and less the more I saw of him, and now that bed time had again come ronnd, I had a greater distaste than ever for my sitnatioD. Bat lor the lateness of the hoar, I really think I wonld have gone ont and hired a bed at any common public house. But I mast pass over the conflict of feeling with which, about midnight, I lay down for the last time on that bed that conld not be moved. The silence of the honse and neigh bourhood was entirely nndistnrbed. The moonlight shone dimly throngh the half- cnnainea window. 1 was tired, and an bat my troubled, misgiving spirit seemed propitions for sleep, and to sleep I went in time. How much of what followed was dream, and . how much reality — except the end, which was real enough, Heaven knows! — it is impossible to determine. Bat here is my experience. As had occurred two nights before, it seemed to me that the father and son were on either side of the bed, bending over me, but always with my own father's face in each case ; bnt not, as previously, creating any distress in my mind. Their presence rather had a soothing effect now than otherwise ; so soothing that, after a while, I dreamed that they were sending me to sleep ; and I know no more of how long I so remained, or what hap pened in tbe interval, notil — well, until t fonnd myself plnnged into the ice-cold water of the river at the foot of the gar den, swimming for dear life to the bank 1 I am no psychologist, and do not pre tend to explain what mental condition I had passed ioto ; bnt the end of tbat couauiion, wuaiever is was, is miupiy that I was aroused from it by finding myself in the midst of the deep, flowing river, the full moon shining bright and high above my head, glittering on the water and revealing all objects as clear as day. Fortunately, I am a good swimmer ; otherwise I most bave been drowned. As it was, after the plunge — how taken I know not — I came to tbe surface wide awake enough, as may be supposed, and, before I had time almost to be surprised, was standing safe on tbe shore in my night-dress. Then such a turmoil of amazement, incredulity, and breathless wonder, not nnmingled with terror, took nrvanuion nf me that fnr manv minutes. I could only lean, panting, against n tree. Ere I had in the least steadied my mind, the two Carstacks Btood beside me with outstretched hands, proffers of assistance, and wild expressions of surprise and honor. ' Good Heavens, sir,' they cried simaltaneoosly, ' what has happened t Yon must have been' walking in yonr sleep !' I conld not answer, and the elder con tinued : We heard yonr door open ; my son had jnst returned, and we were sitting j talking. We heard yonr door open, I I aaw nncl tiAnw fonlnhina jv/iins HnnfflfllAini ' "J9 ou« /VU1 " — J we heard you unlock the back door and go ont ; and when yon did not come back after several minutes, we thought it was so strange that we both came out to look for yon, and then we suddenly saw you standing here 1 What can it mean f Fray come indoors. Let us help you.' Still bewildered, but gradually recover ing somewhat of my presence of miud, I hurried with them back to the house, into the landlord's front room, where there was a fire. Nothing conld be more solicituoos than their behaviour. The yonng doctor gave me some brandy, and tbey both actively helped to dry andj reclotbe me. It would be impossible to recount in detail a tenth part of what was said on 1 eicner nana, bucu aconniccoi w»m»- ment, and solicitude, and attempts at iexplanation went oo in wild and dis- j jointed expressions, that I suppose two hoars passed before .1 went upstairs- again ; the outcome bring that, there aeemed.no way of -accounting for what had happened save- the original one offered, namely, that I had been walking in my sleep. This I donbfced from the first I had never done each a thing Irnav navfaallir moll T K fld Tl flVflf been subject to somnambulism. .Once again alone in my rooms, anj examination of them threw no light oh I the matter.' The bed merely looked as it would when one leaves it sifter a rest- J less sleep, and the lockless "eide-door into 1 the next house remained firm shut The I prize purse, however with its twenty sovereigns, whichl had placed in my trousers-pocket, had disappeared 1 The garment 'had been brought to .me- when j dressing - beiow stairs, and the mnnej might have fallen out there. -But I was too Bbaken and fatigued to. distress my self farther then, so I dropped into the" easy chair in the sitting-room. The spring dawn aoou began to 'break —Jul waeperiecwjr jbmu "uw — - - , was beginning to doze, when ,the very faintest sound of a footstep -on the land-. ing 'aroused me! The door opened, audi MiARaphael entered, J.mor8 hc&red; and fear-stricken than , ever. . . , . ; . 1 ; Lcannot see mnrderflone,! - she whis- pered hurriedly, as ehe cametip:toe to-i wards 'ine; 1 Leave this bbuse. lie, made ' you flo whatjhe jriehed. ; 7 lave drimdbhast cf,fluohlMogt;, :Bs'T)n1e; youHHrhlfc- of your - owfl 'ihwm in- In flate ; not ; ;«top -t» cdriia.'; They might «htor me; pnu. will make away with me some day, I know. Promise not to let eat what I say — only don't trust that bed again, and don't speak of me. Promise to be silent.' I vainly tried to detain ber as ebe then flew from the room, and I heard her, a few minutes later, lighting the fire down in the kitchen, with an ostentation -of noise. It was just as X had suspected, then 1 Tbe extraordinary condition which had overtaken me was doe to seme mysterious trickery connected with that bed — some magneto-electric hanky-panky in which this yonng doctor might have become an adept through his former association with that spirit-rapping impostor spoken of by the lawyer. That was my conclasion as soon as I had time to pull my wits to gether. What the precise nature of the process was, no one, probably, could say. Nor, for the sake of the poor woman, would I enquire too ' curiously — at least not for the present. Equally fur her sake I had abstained from asking Car- stack about the bed previously. No 1 I wonld qnit the honse forthwith, but with out, if possible, arousing suspicion, and, if possible, without encountering these two villains again. Therefore, I employed the next hoar in quietly pack ing my knapsack and bag, etc. At seven o'clock I went downstairs, feeling snre that the men would be asleep, and calling qnietly to Mrs.Bapbael, said : X am going ont, but shall be back to breakfast at ten.' Then I harried away, folly accoutred, and reached my friend the lawyer's before he was np. An explanation followed, and we decided to send one of his clerks to pay what I owed in Chester Terrace, and to say that I was unexpectedly i..j r .At....:.. |rreveuLt3ii iruui jetuiuiug. Thus I passed the Good Friday, and, considering all things, settled to give up the review and return home on the Sat urday, and did so. My changed fortunes, implied a changed life, involving mnch business. Whatever, views I might have formed for ultimately looking fnrther into my mysterious experience, and, if possible, of pnnishing the culprits, were never carried ont, for the simple reason that, within a fortnight, letters from my solicitor contained the following infor mation : 'Yonr friends, the Carstacks, are in trouble. The wife of the yonnger was yesterday morning found dead in her bed, and there is so mnch mystery, I am told, about tbe canee of her death, that father and eon lie under grave suspicion.' Later on, the following came to hand : ' The inqnest has failed to solve the mystery. All the doctors could eay was that death had arieen from failnre of the heart's action, though how caused, there waa no evidence to show. A verdict to flial effort fti profnro was returned. But that there was font play somehow may be referred from the fact that the two Carstacks have bolted. One does not know exactly yet what is going to be done with their belongings. Meanwhile, an examination of the two houses has led to the discovery of an electric battery of great power placed directly beneath yonr remarkable bed and connected with it ; whilst wires from it were conducted to another bed in the doctor's house exactly similar to yours, and on which the poor woman was fonnd. I am not scientific, and do not pretend to explain the working of snch mysterious forces ; bnt these discoveries have been sufficient to induce tbe authorities to issue war- rants for tbe apprehension of both men, on the charge of contriving the death of yonng Mrs. Carstacks.' They were never caught— never heard j of again at Goldchester. This was in j 1864 Last year X paid a visit to the States, J aud, in a prosperous new town, far away I in the West, a doctor had established j himself, who professed to effect wondrous j cures by electricity and mesmerism. A I pamphlet issued by him, on the qnack- doctor pattern, fell into my hand. In it I read, amidst a mass of impudent ver biage, bis argument to the effect that, as electricitv was a marvellous agent in caring hysteria, epileptic fits, etc., 80 j conld it be tnrned to useful account as a I great mesmeric enrative agent, on the I principle of like caring like. He urged I that soothing, beneficial trances conld be | produced by the patient| reclining on a I certain bed which he had patented, and 1 through which galvanism could be ap- J plied after tbe manner in which electric I baths are given. j Need it be said tbat these words struck me i I took a look at bis establishment, and found that it called itself 'The Mesmeric Hospital, conducted by Dr. Gableton. But as strange coincidences ' seemed destined to be associated with this matter to the last-, . I happened, ' I whilst gazing at the house " from the I AnMnaUa oia a/ ttlA fllrflfif.- tO nbsflrTfl t middle-aged man come out, in whom. I 1 had no difficulty in recognising, despite I the lapse of more than twenty years, Mr. J Raphael Carstack. He did not see me, I | aod, as I was only passing throngh the j place, I did not think it my business to I .trouble myself s itb him or bis doings. I j Bnt the fact makes a significant end to .1 rinn nrhif.il nnrhans.- would Dot 1 have been written but for it — All The \ 1 Tear Eouni. 