THE PRESBYTERIAN QENERAL ASSEMBLY. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual sitting? of the Presbyterian General Assembly of Victoria commenced last night, when tho Bunnell was preached by thu retiring Moderator, thu Rev J. G. Futon. An address was also delivered by thu Modera tor-elect, thu Rev W. Ross, of Lauccficld. The Assembly met again this morning, in tlio lmll, ColUnH Htrcot, the Rev W. Ross, Moderator. Thb AIodkiiatou'u Adijhksk. Tiro Rev J. Henderson gavu notice that hu should move thnt the opening address of tiro Moderator should not form a subject for general discussion. The Date of Mrp.tino. The Rev. J. At'Millan gave notico to move that the annual meeting of thu Gcuoral Assembly tako placo on the evening of tiro se cond Tuesday, instead of the second Monday, uf thcmoiith. Assistant Cleiik. Tho Ruv. A. Hardy moved that an assistant- clerk be appointed for conducting thu busi ness. Tn making this inotiuu ho did so to help Dr Nisli, who had dono tho work so well. It was necessary to give tho Clerk occasional leave of absence from his duties. Tho Ruv. A. Stowart seconded tho motion, whioh was agreed to. Tho Rov. D. S. M'Eachran said Mr Hardy liad forgotten to mention tiro salary. Mr liardv raid I10 had plcaauro in moving that they appoint the Rev. George Talt, who ;va6 woll qualified for the xvsition. Tho Rev. 3. Kelso seconded. Thu Rev. G. Tait accepted the office, and seturued thanks to tlie Assembly. Hu had 110 doubt in this appointment they wero desiring to preserve Dr Nisli to be among thcin as long iwj>o?KiUle. (Applause.) Tho Ruv. 3. Robinson moved that a small committoo bo appointed to consider tiio ques tion of salary. Dr Nisli thanked tho Assembly for the sympathy thoy had shown hhn in ftts illness. Ho hoped, however, to bo ablo tonurform his dutic? for some timo. Dr Nlah further sug gested that a coinmittuo bu appointed to do- lino tho various duties of clerk and as sistant. Mr Robinson said this Cnmmittco could nlso consider thu question of salary. It was then agreed that thu Board of Finnnco net ns this committee. The Rev. G. Dona. Tho business paper contained a refcronco fiom tho Presbytery of Melbourno in ie- fcronco to tho case of Mr Dods. Tho vefuruncK dealt with tho Church of bcqtlnnd accepting tho Ruv. G. Dods, while ho hotrbeun coiivicled ot coutumacy by tho Assembly of Victoria. The Rov. G. Tait moved thab tho matter bo referred to n committee. Tho Itov A. Davidfion'said thero was a tnuch mure cxiroditiouH way of denlihg with thro matter, and that was to approvu of tho action of the Meloourne Presbytery, anil rcsolvo to proceed no further in thu matter. ("No." Tiro Rov S. Robinson: Tlio question ia is tho motion seconded? Professor M'Donald sccoudod. Tho Rov. A. Chambers, Tatura, raid thoy hod had far tno much time spent on Mr Dods s case. Hu thought thu matter should be allowed to drop. If thoy took any action they should only get, no supposed, alio- thor slap in tho face. They had got a slap 11 tlio fnco already in tiro actiou of the Clmich of Scot land, and whether it was deserved or not was a question to bo discussed in tho meantimu. Tliey camo hero many of them from various parts of the country, and he would ask what was tho use of fighting a ghost? Tho ghost of tiro Dods case was buried, so far as thoy were concerned. He moved uu amendment accord- £)r R. I. Miickny sectndcd. Tho Rov. 9. Robinson said this was nob a competent amendment, but hu would nob prose tho argument. Ho would press tlio argument, hownvor, that it was injudicious to discuss wliothur thoy should do this or that with iho cosh on thu motiuu to send It to a committee to advistt than. There was a inotiou to send Iho mutter to a committee, and thoy wero pro ceeding to finally denl with the case. It might bu that the recommendation o! this committee would bo Mr Chambers' amend ment. But the nmcudmont put them into this jiosition that ho (Mr Robinson) might havo another amendment in which ho asked thoin to cub thu connection of tiro Church of Victoria with the Church of Scollamlforwhattlro latter Church had done. Hu thought Mr Chambers would sou into what hotwutcr he might launch thu A&soinbly.; It was then agreed that the matter be referred tu tho following committee Tho Revs. J. F. Ewing, Professor Macdonahi, F.J. Murdoch, — Cairns, A. O. Smith, G. Talt, A. Davidson, A. M'Ktmzie, tiro Hon. J. Balfour, nnd dorks uf Presbyteries. The Widows and Oiimiakb Fond. Tho above report showed that the fund at the date of last report amounted to L20.125 0s lOd. Tlio ravemia of tho tuud far tho vear 1880-1887 was L2929 18s Od; expen diture, L2170 13s lid, leaving a balance of L763 4s lOd. This left tiro fund on 30th Sup- tombor, 1887, with a capital of L2fi,878 5s 8d In connection witii this fund thero aro 173 ratepayers, ministers coiuicotcd with tho In firm Ministers' Fund 9, widows 87, orphans 83. Thu report was approved and adoptod. The Subtkntation Boaiid, The Rev. 3. Robinson rend the rojwrt of the Special Oommittoo ou tho Sustcntation Fund. The Commissioner recominondod That tho Sustcntntioii Fund bo worked on tho linos on which tbo scheme is at present conducted, which are virtually those of a graut-ra-aid soliomo. That tho following changes do mado:— That all tiro ministers stipeuds in aid- receiving congregations, bo sent, in quarton? instal ments, to tho office, and through tho offloo re turn od to the minister. That all tbo speoial colUctiuus ordered by tho Assembly, inoludiug thu ono for the Sustcntation Fund, bo mado by each aid-receiving congregation. Thab imaelf-sustainiug congregations tno pre sent system ot having a collecting agency, whero possible, bo continued ; and. wlioro not nossiblo, thab an anuunl collection bo made for tho Sustcntation Fuud, the time of suoh collec tion to bo fixed br tlie Assembly. Tlio Rov 3. Robinson moved, and tho Rev J. K»Maouiillon seconded, thab tho report bo approved generally, und sent down to Presby teries. Professor Mncdonald, in referring to the report, said he raw tho Hustontation Fund re ferred to in It. The name of tlio BvstentAtlon Fund was dear to him, bub there was no Bus- tcntatlon Fund in this country. He,thorefore, thought tho pliraBO should bo dono away with. Ho nlso remarked that the Bishop of Mel- uourne Fund raised LC000 a-year. \- The Rev, D. 8. M'Eachran raid be under stood that the Bishop oi Mulbournes Fund got L800 a-yenr from lands. Tho Rov. B. Robinson thought thoy should retain tho muno. Bustontutlon Fund, It was undeslrabio that at tlie present timo there should bo any very radical change in tho affairs of tho Ohuron. Tho motion was agreed to. (Lat sitting). 