The Mayoress's Reception. The Mayoress of Sydney, Mrs. A. J. Riley, held her first reception, according to announcement, in the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, on Wed nesday, at 3 o'clock. The building, which does duty on so many and such varied public occasions, has never before, by daylight, worn so brilliant an appearance for any social gathering. The space defined by the second row of pillars was enclosed, with white hang ings, freely decorated with fancy flags, alternating with wreaths of greenery, from which fronds of fern foliage branched, forming large stars. The front row of pillars which supported the gallery were hidden under clusters of greenery ; palm branches waving on either side put the railing in shadow. The floor of the building was entirely covered with carpet, the different patterns and colours well arranged. The entrance was curtained off with lace hangings over others of deep red ; large mirrors, bordered with greenery, were placed in the centre, and handsome Hag trophies above. Round the hall groups of chairs were placed, and on each side of every pillar on the right-side, were little tables for 5JO* clock tea. The re freshments, excellent and abundant, were spread -fa one long table behind the pillars ; thence cavaliers attended on the ladies of their parties, while the stream of visitors poured in uninterruptedly for nearly two hours. The Mayor's idea was thatas a lady in her own house places the largest saloon for the re ception of her guests on certain days, and with flowers and other ornaments makes it bright and gay, so the Mayoress of the city, for her official reception, should make the largest official room available, as nearly as possible like a drawing-room, and he certainly carried out his idea as far as the accommodation permitted. Near the entrance a semi-boudoir was arranged, with tables, lounges, and luxurious chairs. The Mayoress, very charmingly dressed in a delicate pale fawn shot with pink, received her guests. The Mayor, wearing his official robes, remained, sharing the duties until past 4, when he devoted himself to the guests. Visitors books, four or five in number, were placed on separate tables, so that the unseemly scramble for the one pen which has made many previous receptions uncom fortable was removed. Opposite the entrance under the gallery at the northern end, the band was sta tioned, and in front, a model Japanese house, with its sliding windows and doors of fretted wood, served as resting-places and passage to the outer circle. Even the roof was decorated. Rows of brightly-coloured lanterns, alternated with Japanese umbrellas in row above row below the arched roof, entirely changed the ordinary appearance. The crowd moved on per petually, and as with every turn the kaleidoscope gives a new picture, so with every move there was novelty in the scene. Amongst familiar faces con spicuous, were Sir Henry Parkes, the Rev. Dr. Barry (Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia), Major General Richardson, his Honor Mr. Justice Faucett, Judge Wilkinson, Very Rev. D. F. Barry, (Principal of St. John's College), Rev. CanonMoreton, Rev. W. Hough, Messrs. W. Curnow, A. F. Britten, F. W. Ward, and Henry Gullett, Dr. Garran, Mr. Charles Moore, Mr. John Rae, and Mr. G. H. Reid,butthe large majority were ladies — ladies in white, ladies in black, and many patrons of the bright pactole both with white and black, and an equal number who blended the new poppy red with snowy white gowns or lighted gowns of black satin and lace. A very pretty gown was of the shade known as Gobelin, or ghost gray, the hazy tint in which the ghost of Hamlet's father was wont to show itself. This was of canvas and gros royale silk combined, a fancy cord of the same shade being used to finish all the edges of the drapery, and to clasp the redingote fronts which open to show the silk pleating below. The tan shades, which pro mise to be as popular in gowns as they have long been in gloves, were worn by many, some in silk striped with dark colours, some with gold threads mixed, and hand some broche for the panels. These gowns, though quiet in colour, showed remarkably well amongst the multitude. A very handsome gown of slate coloured ottoman, was relieved by vest and bows of ruby velvet ; a gown of biscuit silk had vest and trim mings of ruby velvet. Some cigar browns with touches of yellow ; and yellows with dark brown as facings looked well, andJhVblackJlace the toilettes were numerous and very handsome. A young girl recently from home wore a quaintly-made frock of buff batiste, with baby bodice set in a yoke, bands, and beltof shawl-pattern tapestry-trimming, bishop sleeves, looking like a reanimated old picture ; sapphire blue was effectively used as panels or. several gowns of ecru ; a very handsome toilette was pale heliotrope Indian flowered silk, draped with ficelle lace ; crape cloths were chosen by many ladies, and so varied were materials, colours, and fashions, that it would be difficult to say which predominated. The band discoursed sweet music, and the hum of many voices formed a pleasant accompaniment ; ices, lemonade, fragrant coffee, and refreshing tea being freely supplied, while still the incoming stream kept on long after the retreat had set in. There could scarcely be fewer than 3000 ladies and gentlemen, and considering the ample provision made for them in every way, and that this is but the initial entertainment of the Mayoral year, there is much force in the remark of one lady, that only a wealthy man, or one willing to spend several thou sands during his year of office, can henceforth accept the position of Mayor of Sydney. The floral decora tions were arranged by Messrs. Sale and Dare. Messrs. Gunsler and Co. were the caterers, and to the band of the 2nd Regiment, under Mr. MacMahon, the music was entrusted. 