MIXING AT CHARTERS' TO WE F. 3. Uur luglowojd correspondent writes :—llirough the kiudnesj of Mr George Froeman, of tin Bank Hotel, Inglewood, I am ab!o to give a few Darticu lara regarding the mining industry at Charters.' Toworj, which shculd ba interejting to many readers. Mr Charles Freeman, writing to his brother, says : " Wo have a Rpleadid season this year—plenty of gra 3 and watnr. We are milking 30 com daily, and geiting 2j tj'l per lb. for all the butter we can mako. Wo have 18 bullocks encaged in drawing firewood and prop timber to the claim*. Th-j place is going ah^-id. Nearly all tha Urge claim proportion are floated ill the English market for laro sums of mon3y Scrip dealing ii the order i f the day at present. The claim 'which I am helping to supply employs 200 men and boys, and is yielding about 1,500 uzi of gold each fort night. There r.r<a several deep shifts, varying from l,c00 to 2,003 feet: so the phce look? per nir.u3nt. Miners' wages are £3 per week in dry ground, and £3 10s in wot sink'.ng; still the labor market is pretty well supplied. Provisions and clothing can be obtained as cheap as in Sydney, but rent*—of hotels particularly—are high." 3 he writer concludes by recommending hi-j relative, in ciae of hiving to pa™ a night at TownaviHe, to patroa'se "Joe Long's" well known hosleliym that city. Thi Duchess Tribute have in the 7-11 foet level aonth < 11 the black leadt r cut a numbsr of epurn showing nice gold. Tha level U now 60 feet south of the crc-sicut. The T azarus No 1 continue to- break nics stone. I The Victoria tjo .rU sea batter go'd in the 1,830 fee^ level and also in the interma uta level "Jba GaifeiJ hr.vo got aome good stoue in the 770 feot loyal. Thealono itj thrc-3 feat, thick, and a I largo lot of specimens allowing nioo gold orrivad in (Sandhurst yo..tordr,y. Tlin Huso of Pimm »k havo Rot nnolher ftouo Blimving nie> gold on tliu west title of thu reef. •Mr. G. N. Craig reports;— Grant Northern.—Tlio u.ist crosscut at US 1 foot Imi boon driven 12 foot, milking it .r).r) foot from uli-.vft; tlio ground lv.u boon mixed slate, Baudstono, audiiu^rl.:, lho water still voiy heavy. Tlio w;uxo bolatv «SSI foot level !t <,r; 1jo<jm sunk 12 foot; toV.il depth tV.i feet, Tho loot in a font thick show ing gold, rnui tlio ground round it disordered. Iho stopns r.nlc about tlio Hiiino. 85 loadd woro enrjlwd for ;1S nzs t) dwts gold. l».G. Consolidated. —1Tlio winzo bnlow <SS0 feet level has buim sunk 15 foot; total depth So feot; (.'round sandstone, iu bottom sandstone and slate. lh;swinzi has boon stopped. Winze bilow 790 feet level sunV l(i f 'et through slate and sandstono bars; total depth 2i> feet. Crushing plant fairly employed. Young Ohum.—The shaft hm boon sunk (J foot though s&ndstono;, making it 10 foot bclntv plat, :>n 1 1,210 feot from surfaen. A trihutor crushed 10 loads for -1 or. i 10 dwts of gold, All". U. Moore reports :— ^1* rancis Oriiimitl.—Tlie h.-.ttorn crosscut drivon 2i> feet; vliiVicIvom lovol, (est; Htrata princi pally sandstone, are now iu slate country, with a loader 8 inches thick in which a littlo gold has been seen. In cuisequoiica of a fall of earth in the. nuin level could not prospect the quartz loda. (VushoJ 2>2 toua of imiUoch for a yiold of 10 oza !t dwts gold. United Whip and Jersey.—'The 5:)0 foot wost crosscut extended 13 feet; making 13S feet from the shaft; sovoral spurs n oil charged with minerals dipping west havo been met. Tho 300 feet cross cut driven 13 foot; total, -l-l feet, should strike tho run of stono thia fortnight thatprovod payable in the higher levels. Mr .1. Hemming reports :— South l/ovonshiro.— During past fortnight have raised and criuhod 513 loads of quartz for a yiold of ISO ima S thvta of gold. The drive north, 793 feet level, has been extended 11 foot; total from crosscut, 122 feet; no change. At 718 feet level the drive north has licen driven 10 feel; total from crosscut, ~0 feet; stone making turgor and showing a little more if old. Intermediate drive north ox temled 7 feet; south drive, 10 feot; total from winze, 105 feet; stono about same size. H.irrowos' Freehold.—Shaft Mink 10 foot; ground hard sandstone; to'al from surface, SS.i foot. Machinery in g Hid order. M'Dw Amu.uamatkii Company.—'Tho half yearly meeting of shareholders in this company was held at the otliee of the log.il manager, Mr May Kirkwflotl, uii Moaday. Mr ,T. Antlorieu presided, and thoro wero six shareholders presont, representing li.100 shares. Tho half-yoarly reports and bvlance sho>t, ah follow, woro recoivod and ndopted Directors' report.—At tha dato of our last half-yearly meeting wo had just finished eink iug a winze lnlow tho -lS-l feet level ; but not being BiiccMifful in moating with slouo, and the ground biing very hard, wo thought it advisable to caaso work thoro and again try tho reef at the 820 and 401 levels. As at the 101 lovel thoro w.is very fair unfiling obtained goi'og gouth, and seeing wo had su^li alongth of crround still unproved, we doomed it advisable ti oxtend this lavel, where wo have Rtill a fair chanco of meeting with a shoot of gold. As yon will observe by tlio mining mDinger's rep >rt that whan we started tlio. stono was very sin ill, it having made a splica. Now it shows signs of improvemoHt, both in size and shows a little gold. Mining ma'iagei-'ii report.—During tho halfyoir we have boon working on thereof at tlio 820 feot lovol, but as it was not payablo work was stopped there. Wo thought it would ba advisable to give the -101 feet level a trial, and weavo working tSevo at tli.i present time, ab.mt 100 feet to tho south of the shift. The stone is voiy aniall in tho bottom, but as we are rising up on it and going south, it is linking larger and showing a littlo gold. Tho Rtone at. tho pr.wnt tinvoisabnU 8 inches thick. We have t tkeu a stope along the reef 8 foot in length up to a height of IS foot, and i', is hero where the stono is making larger and showing a little gold. I think it would bo advisable to con tinue work hero, and to riso higher up on tho reef. Balance shoot. —Kec&ipts; : To balance forward last half-year, £:!ii !)< 101; surp'm on forfeited shares, r.l Hi ld;^ 17ih call, lii Sd; 18th call, £21(5 13s -Id; total, JL'25tt lis 21. KxpendiUiro : Bv rebate on forfeited shares, Uil '.)< 101; hauling, S.12< -11; con tractors, £.1 17s lid; iidvortiMag and stUionory, Siti Is Hd; lease rent, tl 8v, manager an l tliroctors, lSs; mining wages. £4ti 15s; mining charges, £ti i:ij Id; audit feos, £!'2s; balance, £l-J0 Cm tl.l; total, JJ25S 14s 2d. Meisrs Andersen, Glurk, Ijright, Hodgson ind ,i. 'l'aylor, jtinr, wore olected directors, and the reti ing aujitors wero ro Appointed. Tlio directors wero empowered to lot pirtions of the mine on tribute down to tin 100 feet lovol. Tho meeting thou closed. M.u'HKTtf Oojfl'ANV.—Tho half-yearly mooting of shareholders in this company was hold at tho nflinn of tholog.it in major, Mr 11 \y ICirkw.iod, on Monday, Mr t'lark ocmpied the chair, and then! woro eight, sharoholdon prmnnt, re;iriM)iiting 15,00.) shares. Tlio half youly reports and Inlands sheet, as follows, wero received ami ad.jp.e.l: — Directors' report —it having been arranged at our last Inlf yoarlv meeting to sink the iu tin sh ift 00 feet deopor, also to sink a winzi from the 200 feot level to the foot, in January last, wo otiled lor tenders to en-ct tho whim, which w:\i cuirileted ou tin 21th January. Tenders were (lien imme diately called to hinli nnin shaft, also the winzj this work at the present tinn is boinp carried out, j and both contracts getting well on towards coal pletion, We also thought it advisable while tho-e contracts wero being carried out to o.vtoud tho 303 leot main lovol south to tho baund iry, which is inw in 120 foot. This was dono \vi' h a viow of ' prospecbiHg the ground immediately south of tho shaft, as (hero aro a number of cross spurs in tho ground, and they generally lead on to tlxigold; wo havo now coma on a change for tlio bettor, with sevoral spurs coming in carrying gold. Mining manager's report. —During tho half-year tho following work has boon donoTho winze that was recommended in our last half-yoar'.s re port, to ba sunk from tho 200 foot level to tho 300 feet level, iu ordor to prove the stone rising from tlio SOD feet level, has boon sunk 71 feot, which still leaves 20 feot to be done. Tho witiM is 55 j feo'. wast of the shaft, and is now b '■ inj dono by ' contract. No stono has yot bean cut in sinking tho winze. Tho chafe has been tunic 37 faot from the 303 foot level; total depth, 47 feot 15 inchos from the plat, or 347 feot C inchos from the surface. Tho ground in the shaft is very hard. Timbered up the shaft 39 feet, and fixed ladders. Tho 300 foet level on tha roof going south. (50 feet to the wost of tho shaft; has been extended 35 foot; total length, 110 foot. This last day or two there are moro cro.is spurs comintf in, and one of them shows very fair gold. There is still about 30 feot to do bafo-o wo reach tha south boundary next to the Golden fyke. Alsoereo'cdthe whim, which is work in? vary well. The shaft is being sunk by contract. BlUnce-sheet.—Hecoipti: To balance forward last half-year, i'221 lis 51; company's gold, £2 llij Sd; 13th call account, £150 12s GJ; l ltli call, £177 10s •id; total, £555 Us Id. Expenditure : By auditors' feas, £2 2<; rebn'.a on shares, £14 Ss Id; crushing, £1 ltis 101; borough rates, 15<; manager and directori, £:10 IDs lid; erection of whim, £23 10" mining cWge., £51 Ills Id; Jidvertising and stationery, £0 l(is lOd; hauling, £12 4 j Gd; contract, £118 15s 3d; balance, t.'13(i 141 lOd; total, £555 lis ltl. Messrs Clark, Anderson, Curtain, Bright, and Steward wero elected directors, and tho re tiring auditors were reappointed. Tho directors woro empowered to let portions of the mine on tiibute. Tho maoting then closed. A Salvation* Army Ghost.—For some days (writes an Kngtisli paper) the inhabitants of Mumbles TIcail have been in a state of exeitc inent over alleged mysterious visitations of ghosts about the Mumbles after nightfall. It lieiug determined to fathom tho mystery, a number of men secretei! themsolves ou Newton J Hill. The spectre duly appeared in the form of a figure clothed in white, with blackened face. Hantls were instantly laid upon the ghost, who was discovered to bo a'prominent member of the Salvation Army, lie was ruthlessly stripped of his garments and a sound Hogging administered, notwithstanding his cntrea'ies and protestations that it was only a joke. -I M A <>" l X A T t O X PllEt-'KIIKS FACT. At least two of the amusing scientitic conceits of that erratic French novelist, J ulos Verne, have this year been proven to be practical realities. Some time ago an account was given of a new torpedo boat grimly named tho"Peacemal;er" which actually sailed about under the waters of tho Uudson with a crow abroad, after the manner of Verno's Nautilus." Now, apropos of that writer's "Around the World in Eighty Days." wo notice that the steamer Alameda, of the Oceanic Steamship Company, arrived at San Francisco October 2, having made the trip between Sydney and that port in twenty three days, six and a half hours, the fastest time ever made. Tlio steamer brought a mail which had just arrived at Auckland thirty seven days from London, and this mail was forwarded from San Francisco by train, and is expected to arrive at Liverpool October 10, thus making tho trip around the world in sixty-nine days. While tho voy^igo from England to Auckland required forty-two days that from Auckland to England by \r.iy of San Francisco will be made, it is expected, in five days less, showing the advantage of tho routo b3r way of tho United States. Very possibly aerial navigation may bo rea lised in a few years after the manner of " Five weeks iu a Balloon," but it will be some time before the 'Journey to tha Moon,' is made in a projectile. M. Verno is not entitled to be called a prophet. Ho has simply ■written in the instance noted abovo more truly than ho knew. \- A Curious Newsi'AI'eu,—A most curious journal is the Chinese official newspaper, called Fan, which claims to have been started as early as 911, and to have appeared at irregular intervals till 1351, when it came out regularly every week. At tho commencement of the present century, it became a " daily," at the price of two Icehs— about a halfpenny. By a decree of the Emperor a short time back, it was ordered that threo editions were to bo printed every dav. Tho first, or morning edition, on yellow r-aper, is devoted to commercial intelligence; the second, or afternoon edition, contains official or general news ; and the third, on red paper, is a summary of the two earlier editions, with tlio addition of political and social articles. The editorial duties arc performed by six members of the Scientific Academy, who are appointed by the Govern ment. Tho circulation is obout fourteen thousand daily. 