"TWELFTH NIGHT."a One of the chiet features attending the very excellent representation of "Twenth Night" given at tho Criteriou Theatre ou Satuiday was the intebigeut appreciation of it shown by a crowded house. It reuhs did oue good to sue the nU'iienco applauding "the line sentiments, re&nruitiff; with sympathy the pathos and screaming with laughter at tho comedy of Shakespeare's play. And what comedy it is I How the soul revolts at the reco.lectiou of the interminable four-act farces in the fashion of the day, which tire an audieuce by their incessant appeals tor lrughter, alter contrasting them vutb the naturally-contrived humor and the absorbing love interest of "Twelfth Night!" And in reviewing the present revival we utmost fear to say now much the potency or tin love iuturest is increased by a circumstance which, if not accidental, is at least the resmt of good fortune. Mr. Holloway ha in his company ayouug gentleman named A. E. Greenaway, who pfavs tho most perfect Sebastian to Mis Essie Jeuyna' Viola it is possible to conceive. The pair fnlly answered to Antonio's descrip tiou — "An appie, cleft in two. is not- more twin than these two creatures. This re- semblauce is really vital to the snccuss of the latter p irt of the piece. Wc well remember seeing Modjeska as Viola at the Tabor Grand Opera House, Denver (Col.), and seeing, too, how the fabric of the drama seemed to totter whenever the robust and virile Sebu.tiuu of the hour walked the stage. Many of our readers do not need reminding how cihakespeare's story hinges upon this resemblance. But, as the drama has uot been played here for many years, ut risk of beiog tedious we ebail give a brief ontlme of the plot to refresh the memory ot the heedless. Viula, wrecked with her twin-brother Sebas tian upon-the ILyridn coast, in despair of en tering the Lady Olivia's seivice, enters that of the Duke Or.ffno disgaised us a page. The Duke pays suit to the disdainful Countess Olivia and snds Viola, who has insensibly fallen in love wi;h him, to plead his cause. This she doe with- such warmth that she fire Olivia, who becomes enamored of the lovely, eloquent boy. Iu the sccunt act we are taken to another part of the seacoast, where >ebastinn bus been thrown by the waves, since rescued tended by the freebooter Antonio. They wander inland together, and the audience, and losing sight of tbeiu for the nonce, hear again of the inmates of Olivia's household, of whom we may now speak. Chief ot these is her self- conccitcd steward, Aluivotio, her boisterous, drunken kinsman. Sir Toby Belch, h.s boon- companion, the foolish Agueci-cuk, nnd her woman Maria. These three uluu Malvolio's humiliation bv making him believe tne Prince.se in love with him, ami the episode of the yellow .stocking and the opinion of his madness which leads Uhvia to put hm in the stocks are comic incidents in thu play which everyone remem bers. Aguecheek is a suitor of Olivia's, and his jealousy of Viola, coupled with his belief in tne youth's cowardice, lead him to chalit-nirc htm. There is then the ' screaming duel scene" between the man coward aud the woman coward, and it i after thin that Sebastian's fortunes lead him to the spot. Thereupon the drama becomes a second "Comedy ofErrois." Aguecheek insults Sebastian, nhomho mistakes for the saucy page, and gets well cudgehcd for nis pains, and Sir Toby interferes only to earn a i4 bloody coxcomb." These quarrels settled, better things ore in store for the wanderer. Olivia woos him, and her beauty wins such way that before an hour has sped away the priest has joined their hauds. Now Viola is mistaken for Sebastian : Antonio, under arrest as a pirate, appeals to her. in memory of her rescue at the wreck, to release him— and she knows him not; Olivia, contemning the Duke, claims Viola as her hasband — and she is filled with confusion. Accusations of ingrati tude assail ber on all sides, and it is not until Sebastian enters aud the twins stand side by side that the coil is unwound. Orsino's scorn of his page's supposed treachery turns all to love on the discovery of her sex, nnd on the re calling of ber tender worde from his memory to bis understanding, and the union of the two is ihe k«t touch needed to perfect the beautitnl and cntranc.ng picture which " T wolf th Night" givee us. Miss Ensie Jenyns' Viola is quite as captiva ting as her Rosmind. The reference to " As You Like It" i suggested, however, not by any want of freshness of conception in the actress so much a by tho resemblance of situations, in which the heroine in both cases pleads her love uuder cover of a male disguise. Alias Jenyns does qnite right, we think, not to make her Viola so girlish as her Rosalind. There is a great icven of sadness iu all the freaks of fortutio which follow Viola after ber lot iR cast in Illyria. The supposed loss of her brother is followed by the real toss of her heart to Orsino, and though her bright and lively wit makes much of adventures in her character as man which have a truly comic side to her as woman yet she never forgets the hopelessness of her own suit. Oo the whole, Miss Jenyns may be said tofairly bit the happy medium between tragedy and comedy which fits the character. The nrchnesswe admired so much in her Rosalind is still apparent, and her delivery of the com ment upon Olivia's beauty—" Excellently done —if God did all " — was so Full of point ns to delight the iiudionce. Some points the actress mi?en, and we may Instance tbo " willow-cabin" speech following the one quoted, where there was no suggestion of the echoing sound in her declamation of the line u Halloa yonr name to the reverberate hills." These areimall things, however, and Miss Jenyns gives us a Viola informed with grace" and an earnest spirit which invests it at times with a singular dignity. Mies Constance Deorwyn, very richly dressed in the Jast scene in white satin and with a picturesquely feathered bat, played a good Olivia, though it showed inequalities which further study may remove. In the love scenes with Viola the artist wa9 especially happy, and the declaration wus made with a passionate sincerity in which there was no touch of self-conscionsncRS. In the quartette of lovers the play provides, the Duke comes next Mr. R. Tnman, who at first vfinwed a tendency to'drop his voice at the end of hir lines, improved as the evenintr wore on. He speaks with, propriety, bat fails to show the one touch of tragic power required in the last act to give probability to the Duke's threat, "I'll sacrifice the lamb tbat I do love." We have already spoken of Mr. Greenaway' perfect tnake-up as Sebastian. In addition to his goodly outside, he ha a pleasant voice ; there is ran«ic in his lines and he fairly sustains apart which gives no great opportunity of distinction.' Mr. \V. J. Holloway's ALilvolia will be considered one of his best parts, as, unlike Romeo, it is ono within the compass of any actor of good ability, irrespective of aire or weight. As to the character itself, some, like Campbell, thiuk Malvolio "an exquisitely vulgar coxcomb others, like Hazlitt, admit a " sympathy for his smiles, his gravity, his cross garters nnd bis yellow stock in us and there are vet a few who, like Charles Lamb, < see no reason why he should not havo been brave, honorable, accomplished," and who thus regard him as "not essentially ludicrous," but as one who " becomes comic by accident." This last view, of accidental absurdity, is ap parently the one taken by 3lr. Holloway. His bearing is grave a becomes the master of a princess' household, and the abseocc of all exag geration in the letter scene immensely ndds to it3 humor. Mr. Albert Norman's Sir Tobyf bluff and noisy, has good points about ft, though it has the fault of too much appearance of artifice in the execution. Speaking in meta phor. his Sir Toby is a big fat man, but tho stuffing sticks out. Mr. Harry Eodson played a particularly ugly Aguecheek, and though gifted with straight hair tbat "hangs like flax upon n dLtaff,"aud a " great eater of beef," wc could wish Sir Andrew more courtly. Mr. Hodson's view of the character is that ho was a clod-hopping clown. His impersonation upon these lines is clever, and his facial expression of dullness and vacancy is capital ; but we cannot reconcile the comtc praco of hia galliard and caranto with nn habitually clumsy gait and bearing. Mr. Alfred Rolfu, ns clown, sang tho " O, mistress mine," with such judg ment that one regretted tho omission of tho " Come away, come away, death." Mr. Collet Dob.-on showed dramatic strength as Antonio. Miss Nita Steele, as Ainria, the waiting-maid, gave the best sho has vet bestowed, acting with ease and spirit, and minor characters wero efficiently tilled. The piece is remarkably well staged, the high rocks on the Illyrian coast, with a red dawn breaking over .a stormy sea,, evoking especial applause. During the even ing nearly all the actors engaged had calls and the bouse was unusually enthusiastic through out, so that " Twelfth Night " seemi likely !J be a popular revival. The last performance of Professor Anderson, the "Wizard of tho North," around the tnetropo lis was given in the Burwood School of Arts on Saturday afternoon, when he and Alias Ander son succeeded in entertaining a good andienco with an interesting programme. The Purramatta Liedcrtnfel hold their first concert ou October 25 iu the Town-hall. It is to be a sinoke concert, and a good mixed pro gramme is in rehearsal. The performance of "Henry V." at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday night was wit- m'sseu by an appreciative audience. Next Saturday "Alone" and "Black-eyed Susan" will be produced. A matinee entertainment, in addition to tho uual eviuing one, was given at tho Academy of 3Iusic on Saturday. There was only a small attendance at the former, but m the evening Pepper's Ghost and a miscellaneous entertain ment attracted a fairly good house. Cottiers4 concert nt tho Protestant-ball drew well on Saturday, and ihe entertainment, in which the Misses Cottier, Aliss ICato Carey. and Miss Walton. Messrs. Landor, Hardtman, Clune3 ana others took part, w.is well received. Thu Alh.imbrn Music-hall was filled' on Saturday evening, when an excellent and varied entertainment was circa. 