MY WIFE'S SISTER. BY GEORGE HURDIS l'URVES, ! Author of " Tiie Old Life is a New Would," Chapter i. — Which Relatss a Not Un common Result of meeting a PlUSITr Woman. Lot bygoD06 bo bygones, indeed I It is easy enough to talk of it, but would you in my place? Perhaps you would uot. Well then, for goo-dness sake, don't talk to mo about discretion, good-taste, washmg one e linen in public, aud Ibat sort of thing 1 Boron think I ain going to stand being everlastingly traduced, and put up with it? Not I ! 1 am the easiest going fellow in the world if I .am only treated with reasonable consideration ; but patience has its limits.- When X hear, on the best authority, that that woman is misrepresent ing me in the grossest manner I am not Chris tian enongh to grin and bear it. I knew that 1 was vulgar, purse-proud, aud stiugy ; I knew that iu her 6aintly eye I was a boa then; X knew . that I dyed my heir, that X hud served over a counter, that I wns- fifty-five if I was a day when I married, oh I aud hundreds of things besides, for she took care that all these slanders should reach my ears. . To all these charges, though often, sorolv tempted, I have hitherto paid no attention. I have' merely laughed at them, rolying on the good sense of my friendB to dotect their malicious untruthfulness. But when 1 hear that sho has the audacity to in sinuate that I ill-treat my wife, even that 1 beat her, I fling back the slander in her false teeth with contempt. I assert without fear of contradiction that my wife and I were living on terms of the most loving intimacy when Cor delia — confound her I — put her nose — -and what a nose I — into our affairs, and that we have never had a word since she took her skinny fingers out ot our pie. But I shall no longer remain satisfied with a bare assertion of her untruthful ness. I intend, with your permission, to give my version of the rupture between Miss Cor delia Snlsbnry and ourselves. I shall leave 'the mattor in your hands, with the utmost con fidence that you will give me credit uot only for having been iu the right throughout, but for having acted with the utmost moderation. Some may disapprove of the means that I took to effect what everyone must allow was a ne cessary end. but the most prejudiced reader will admit, that X had no alternative. The happiness of my home was at stake, the love, and maybe the health, of my wife in the balance, and I bold that these considerations would amply ex cuse any steps that I took to proscrro them. One word moro. X nin not going to write my biography, though there is nothing in my past to conceal, whatever Cordelia Snlsbnry may say to the contrary. I um only going to relate what has happened siuco the memorable day I first met tny dear wife. Keeping ibis iu view, and iu order to balk the curiosity of my amiable sister- in-law, I shall say uo more about my life prior to June, 1883, than that I had just arrived in Englauil froiu Adelaide, South Aus tralia, where I hud earned au ind. -pendency in business. X was a single man at that time (X supposo that you will allow that, you old scoipion 1) middle-agod (though uot 55, you Palace of Truth!), and only asked to take the world easily and end my days iu peace. Now to my story. Amongst the numerous boarding houses, "replete with all the comforts of a home," to be found nt Brighton there is not one that de serves its reputation belter than that presided over by Mrs. M'.Mauus, with the assistance of her amiable and accomplished daughter, Miss Wilhelmiua. My eye was caught by ah ad vertisement in the local paper, which, after de scribing the view as ' the most extensive to be fouud iu this the queen of watering places," an nounced the tablo to be an especial feature (that was tho phrase), aa especial feature of the establishment. Now, as the table at the apartments which X was at that time occupying in a small street off The Old Slevue could only be said to be "a feature" on account of its general bareness, I made up my mind one morn ing to walk ruunUud interview thoM'Mani (if that is their plural), see their view and makea few inquiries.. Mrs. M'.Mauus was "out" when X called (boiog 11 o'clock iu the morning sho was probably in the kitchen), but Miss Wilheliuina, a short aud stout lady of some 35 summers, re ceived me and showed me over the establish ment. I fouud the sitting rooms well furnished, lofty aud airy, uud the bedrooms bright aud cheerful The place generally gave evidence of the care with which it was looked after. The view from tho windows, to which Miss Wil- hchnina repeatedly called my attention, cer tainly fell short of my expectations. Though she assured me that she could see Beachy Ileud and Wonliing from one of them, 1 confess that / could not, though X nearly ricked my neck in the endeavor. However, they were such a marked improvement on those that I was oc cupying that I at once took the rooms, and that very afternoon moved into rny new quarters. At diuner Mrs. M'Manus made tier appear ance aud took the head of tire table. I have noticed that Miss Wilhelmiua was short arid stout. I fouud tlmt her mother was wuat may bo termed her comparative, being shorter and stouter, with a face that absolutely beamed with good nature. I had been given a seat next to her, and after she had spoken to me for a few minutes she introduced me to tho com punv. There was a Colonel Chutney — he sat next to. mc — a fierce looking man with bushy eyebrows, oue who ate ut au alarming rate, and then sat frowning until the next course was served. Next to him sat his tbree daughters. Opposite these youug ladies sat a meek little mini, Dr. Wimple by name, with his wizened liitlo wifo. Further down the table three single ladies, of various sizes and tiges, kept up a mysterious conversation in an under touc, whilst a young inau with a red nose aud flaxen hair seemed very devoted to a pretty girl who sat exactly opposite to mc. " This," said Mrs. M'Manus, who by the way had a generous brogue of her owu, turning to the youug lady in question, " la Miss Violet Sulsbury." 1 stole another look at the girl, whose oyes mot mine in a frank and pleasant recognition, and made up my rniud that my first impression bad beoa correct. Yes 1 She was decidedly pretty 1 She had golden brown liair, parted in the middle, uud smoothly brushed beck from n well shaped forehead. A pair of light grey eyes peeped modestly from beneath the longest of lashes, aud when sho smiled the dearest of dimples indented her rounded cheeks, 1 found, ou talking to her, that sho had a soft sweet voice, and when her lips parted one cunglit sight of as wliito aud even teeth as ona would have wished to grace the daintest of mouths. I was so much pleased with the table, com ing as it did after the wretched fare that I had been treated to at luy late quarters, that X could nut help mentioning my satislaction when the ladies were going tu leave tho table, " An excellent dinner, Ma'am I" I said to Mrs. M'Manus. Cordelia aftei wards unre servedly condemned this term of address " Ma'ara is only used by servants," sho would say, which criticism, of course, determined me to'stick to the word. The hostess looked pleased. "I'm glad you like it," sho said with a smile. ' ' It's a faturo of the establishment. " "So 1 saw by tho advetiseineut," I answered with a laugh, and when the pretty girl looked at me and laughed too X felt glad that I had said it. When the ladies had disappeared I asked the Colonel aud the Doctor to take a glass of wine with me, which they both did, noiwithstaudiug that the latter had only drunk water with his meal, and that my military friend had given his bottle of . sherry to tho waitress to put by after he had taken si couple of glasses. They not only took one gloss but several, and I fouud, on a more intimate acquaintance with them, that tbey were willing to' help me 'with' my wine whenever it pleased me to invite them, After dinner we went into the emokiug room, where the Colonel, whose tongue had been loosened by his unusual libation, took possession of me, so to speak, and getting me into a corner by himself, g&vo; mo, bctwocu tho puffs of his cigarettes, the benefit of his views upon the establishment and everybody in it. "You wou't bo offended at an old hand put ting you up to a wriuklo or two ?" he asked. I protested that, ou tho contrary, I should bo much obliged. " Well I don't you be humbugged, ho said, with a fierce 6Cowl. " I heard you say justnow to that lobster-fneed woman " " Lobster-faced!" I exclaimed. "M'Muniis," ho expluiucd. "That youd had an excellent diuner." " It teas an excellent dinner," I ventured to interrupt.- "Well! if it was you oughtn't to lia' said so 1" he exclaimed with warmth. " That's just tho way to spoil tho whole thing. If you said that three days ruuning we should have cold mutton at one cud and an infernal stoo or somethin o' tho sort at the other. You have no idea of the trouble it has taken to bring the table to tho present pitch. I've been here seven years, sir — seven yoars, sir," he repented, impressively ; " and I've never — uot once, sir — expressed myself satisfied with tho tablo." The Colonel, who inado this announcement witii au indescribable air of satisfaction, gave a I ierciug glance at me from under his fierce eye brows. " Auothcr thing, sir, let me tell you 1" he continued, " don't bo taken in by any of these people. Some of 'em are well enough, but — they don't belong to our class." I did not uot toll him what I had been. I am not ashamed of (lie way that- 1 inado my money, you understand. Still, the colonel did belong to a different social rank, — I won't deuy it. " Now, there's Terps." " Terps ?" I exclaimed. " That-doctor fellow — Wimple is his name." explained my good natnred informant. " Did you notice that the beggar drank water at diutier? He doesn't drink water because he likes it. Not he I Did you see how his infer nal eyes twinkled when you asked him to wine with you ? Now don't you be imposed on, sir! He'll drink with you uutil you'ie tired of askin' him, but devil a drop he'll pay for in return. When first he came here 1 used to ask hiin to have a glass of sherry, sir, but — " ho hero gave a fierce laugh, which I thought a good mate!' for his eyebrows, " I wasn't loug finding him out, Ha never offered even a glass in return — not even a black draught, d him 1" I thought it best to change the conversation, thinkiug that X had hit ou u sore subject. "I don't see that fair young mau here," I said, looking rouud the room. " Tho one who sat next to the protty girl." " No, an' you won't 1" ho snapped out. "He's tied to that Salsbury girl's con- fouoded apron strings, and fur all that anyone cares for him he can Imng himself by them." "Aud the girl ?" I asked. " Oh, the girl's well enough 1" he wont on in a somewhat milder tone. " She's a stupid little donkey who has not two ideas to rub against each other." " She's very pretty 1" I was bold enough to iuterjeet. " Ah 1 that's a matter of the taste," ho ob served drily, his tone giving me plaiuly to understand that he did not think so. " Any wayi 6lie's a Venus in comparison to a half- sister of hers who was here some threo years ago. By Jovo 1 sho was ugly — au infernal nightmare, sir I I don't say that thi3 oue is pretty, but bv heaven,, there's no doubt which is Salsbury Plain aud at his joke ho broke into a fierce guffaw. " Aud the balf sister, where is she ?" X asked. . " Ob, sho's in India j and loug may she stay thcro," he answered. " Governess to my friend Col. Amberly of the 83rd, and, egad, I wish him joy of her. I wrote aud told him what a confounded treasure sho was when she went out to him. But Amberly is a pig headed brute — my friend though ho be — and has uo more sense than a d — d blackfeilow. Auiberly has got a young family too, for his wifo, who died six mouths back, preseuted him with a child once a year to the very last, as regularly, by George, as the south-west mon soon. Begad, sir, X wouldn't let Cordelia Salsbury into my nursery for fear she'd frighten the baby iuto convulsions. This girl is a goveruoss too. Sho's staying hero until she gets a place, and, if she had to depend on my roeotnine jdations, she would stay a long time. Sho bus some temporary employment, I under stand, but what it is I cau't say — nothing too re-poctablc, I'll bo bound, else she wouldn't take such a dooco of a trouble to keep it secret," Before I could get away from him I had the personal history of the wholo establishment nt my fingers' ends. X came to the conclusion that, if his judgment could be depended on, I had fallen amougst a most undesirable set of acquaintances. When we joined the ladies a duet was being played, aud seciug a vacant seat next to Miss Salsbury X took it. Sho was doing some needle work, and as she bcut her heal over it I was struck itnore than ever with her beauty. I watched ber until tho piece of music was finished, and then — I could sob to tho ovi- deut anuoyutico of tho fair- hnired young muu, who till sat by her side — spoke to her. "Who nra tho performers ?" I asked her. Sho looked up with a pleasant sinilo. " Colonel Chutney's daughters," she said. "Indeed I" I exclaimed, looking at them with somo interest. As I did so I could not help wondering what the colonel would havo found to say about t hem, his own children though they wore. They were two little frizzled up, freckled spin sters, with tangled hair and beady eyes. "I wondered that the colnuol allowed you out of his sight until he had introduced them to you," interjected tho young man who had overheard our conversation. "Oh I Don't be ill-natured," snid Miss Sals bury. " They arc not bad girls." "They mayn't bo bad, but they're dousid ugly," he retorted. "And as for the father he is a regular old snarler." " Woll ! perhaps ho isn't as charitable us ho might be," Miss Salsbury admitted quietly, as she resumed her work. " Still he7s an old man," " An old woman, you mean 1" exclaimed the young man with great irritation. " Now I'll bet that ho has boen given you all our his tories " ho added, turning to me. I smiled hut didn't auswer. Miss Salsbury looked up at me with a searching glance. X saw that she rea l the truth iu my eyes. I fancied that I caw a cloud on her pretty brow, as she cast ber eyes down on her work again " Ah I I knew he had 1" the young man— Freeman was his name — exclaimed, m! malicious old brute 1 They call him the "Bob! of Kevelations," and, by Jove — " " Mr. Freeman 1" expostulated Miss Sale. bury, looking at him quito gravely. « j wj,i that you wouldn't jest with sacred subjects " The youug fellow looked rather sheepish, a0j somehow I folt not ill-pleased that he should be snubbed. A few minutos afterwards Miss Salsbjn rose, and bidding us good-night in her sued voice, left the room. As sho crossed to the door I could not help remarking her light active figure, her trim waist, and dainty (%! "Tho colonel is either very prejudiced, or an infernally bad judge," X said to myself. At tho very moment that this thought was passing through my mind the gentleman ia question took tho vacant seat at my side. " I forgot to tell you," ho whispered, as ha canght mo by the sleovo, and pulled me to. wards him bo that Mr. Freeman should not hear what he said, " that those Salsburys harj not a shilling in the world. How the devil that girl stays hero I don't know. I suppose that poor Mrs. Mac. will bo let in by her. A real bad lot the Salsburys." I coitld not help recalling these observation! when Mrs. M'Manus told me a few days alter, words that the colonel was in her debt to tha tune of some £80. It was exactly five weeks to the very day after the events recorded above that I sat next to tho colonel at dinner. The ladies had re tired to the drawingroom, and Mr. Freeman, who hod during the last fortnight looked at uia with anything but friendly eyes, was about to follow their example. "Oue moment, Mr. Freemaul" I said, "1 have ordered some wine, and " " I don't care for any, thank youl" he ex. claimed rather curtly. " Well 1 It is my particular wish, Mr. Free man," I said with some emphasis, " that should all bo present, for to — to tell you tha truth I havo an object — an important object ia view." When X mentioned the word " wine" I ran Mr. Wimplo instinctively push his tumbler aside, and put his claret glass (oar claret glasses were of unusual size), iu a couvcuieut position. The colonel drew himself up and cleared liii throat. Mr. Freeman sat down again, but with a somewhat bad grace. Two other lodgers who had scats at tho far ead of the table came down to ours at my invitation. Meanwhile the servant was opening the bottles. When sho had filled onr glasses, I cleared my throat. " Gentlemen 1" I said, in as clear a voice as X could command. " I have to-day asked Misi Violet Salsbury to be my wife, and — and she has consented. I wish you to drink our health, happiness and prosperity." The colonel, recognising a favorite brand, had, perhaps without thinking, begun to drink his wine before the toast was given. At the astounding news that 1 was betrothed to the lady be bud so foully maliguod the wiuo which he was driuking at the moment " went the wrong way," as childron call it, and for several minutes I pounded away at his buck, a treat ment 1 had understood to ho efficacious under such circumstances. When at last ho came to, he said in quite a feeble voice that he didn't feel quite himself (which I think was literally tho case), and retired to his room. Ihadbeeuse occupied with him that it was not until rtea that I noticed that the young mau bad also dis appeared. Norther of them turned up in the drawingroom that night, aud the next day 'I found that tho colonel had shifted his seat at racals. I regret to state that Mr. Wimplo drank onr healths with such a will that nothing was seen of him for two days, during which period lie kept his bed. When he met me, on tho third day, on the stairs as I wus going down to breakfast, he candidly acknowledged that he had taken too much. " But I've paid for It 1" ho said faiutly, and his yellow face bore out his words." I was going to pass ou when he plucked me by the coat. "One word, sir," he whispered. "I mat glad that you gave that firo eating brute such a dig in tho ribs. " I thought for the raiment that ho was speaking literally and referred to tho pummelling X hud given tho colonel to restore his breath. "Ho has ridden roughshod over the lot of us for years and — aud we've stood it. Bv Jovo I III stand it no longer, though i i 'II tackle him next 1" . cnafter II — I Elect a Home Holer. L"st tho announcement which I have just mado should have taken yon as much by sur prise as it did onr little community, lot ml hasten to explain how such a momentous situa tion had coma about. X will not assert that I fell in lovo with Violet Salsbury at first sight. At my sgl such a thing is rare, if, indeed, people fal! in love at first sight at all. But, as I havo raid, I took a fancy to the girl the first moment 1 saw her, and every meeting with her sieved to increaso tho admiration' which I felt -not only for her beauty but for her modest behavior and her delightful conversation. Not that I had at first many opportunities of improving inv acquaintance with her, for she disappeared daily after breakfast and did not as a rule turn up again until just before dinner. But what few chances I got 1 turned to good account. I happened tobe an earlr riier, and so was she. Thus before breakfast wo used to have halt aa hour's delightful chat. Once or twice .lr. Freeman appeared before tho first bell rang nnd tried to cut me out. But Violet, roots- nising my prior cluim, allowed me the lion j share of her conversation, though sho did no give him the cold shoulder. However, as 1 strength did not lie iu early rising, he sw abandoned the field to mo, and after a wliilc, thanks to tho disfavor with which be looked oa my advancement in Miss Salshury's groces, M, his breakfast in bed, though by so doing it co> him &d.; extra per meal. Of an evening vaj satisfaction was not so complete, for > to recognising the propriety of distributing favors so as to silence the gossips, took care au to distinguish anyone by talking , m clusively. . Still even then I was better than anybody olso, for as I watched ber w fingers at work, or listened to ber P'a- .<> the piano, or merely looked at ber from _a tail co, 1 knew that tho next morning 1 suouiu have my littlo tele a lete, and the though full of cousulution. Neither the fair y S mau nor myself patronised the smoking any longer. It was now quite a ma - course for as to accompany tho ladies . drawingroom. It was in vain that "'0 endeavored to tolain me by artfully com I it Ion" stories just as the indies' departure wis imminent. It was in vaiu that the doctor Lt longing eves on mo in the hope, that I Jjjuht stand a bottle, Disregarding the scowls Sao former and tie disappointment of the utter I invariably followed Miss Salsbury's neat bttlo figure to tho drnwingroom, and deferred PV pipe until her pretty bead should be laid upon her pillow. Though I had spared no pains to ascertain -hat became of her daring the day I was for some tea days unsuccessful. Once or twice I Sjed to lead up to the subject, but finding that, he avoided it I, of course, immediately desisted. Thinking that the colonel might lend me some isiistanco I pumped him. He knew nothing more about her than that "sho had employ ment oi some sort " — where it was and of what description he was unable to say. The fair routi" man, who had taken to glare at me as if I was a ghost, was nor nxeiy 10 neip me 11 x bad been disposed to ask him. Tho other lod»ors, as I ascertained by a skilfully veiled cross-examination, were as much in the dark as I was. To Miss MacManus I put the question bluntiy, and received from her, as I might have expected, a very candid (but from uiy point of fiew a most unsatisfactory) answer. "You had better ask her yourself," she re- ommeuded with a smile. I answered — trying to conceal my anxiety — that I had, but that she scorned to avoid the subject. \- "Oh ! well, if she wouldn't tell you sho pro bably has good reasons for her silence," com mented Miss Wilhelmina, and ull that I could lay would uot induce licr to reveal Miss Sals- bnry'a secret. Bemained Mrs. MacManus. I put tluf ques tion point blank to her. "Uhl Willie roum me mat you were nsKin about tho dear girl," she exclaimed with a merry twinkle in her bright eyes. "But it's not me that's goin' to help you." I mentally anathematised Willie's long tongue. "I — I take such an interest in the girl," I protested. " Ah 1 an' so did somebody else I could name before ye," laughed the "buxom landlady. " It's only fair ye should fight it out between yo." At this I laughed as if it were a good joke, aot wishing to raise suspicions of how seriously I was taken with the girl, and Mrs. MacManus rushed off to some of her manifold household duties. I met Freeman ou tho slairs a few minutes afterwards, and I could not help notic ing what a very plain young man he was. Feeling inclined for a long walk I started liter lunch for Hovo (" the establishment " Iras at the other end of Brighton), and the whole way, though there was much to distract my attention, thought of Miss Salsburyand her mysterious occupation. "What the douce can she be at?" I Sited myself. " Is it one of those employ ments that one sees advertised in the papers by which £2 a week and upwards can be easily and honestly realised by persons of either sex and any ago without hindrance to present occupation ? Is she is a dressmaker ? Or a wax-ilower maker? Or a model?" I gave a shudder at this supposition. "By Heaven 1 I don't care what ier occupation may be," I said almost aloud, as I sat down on a bench, for I had roached my destination. 'Til mnrrtr li«r l—wmwirlpd clip len'f. n Jynamiter, or— or — or married already," The very idea threw me into a fever (I hod Only been at Mrs. Mac's tea days at tho time, so you will see that, considering my age — cou- lidering my age, Cordelia Salsbury — , I had made good progress), and for a few minutes I was perfectly miserable. But I recalled with a feeling of relief Mrs. Mac's remarks, which plainly intimated that the field was open. " If she is to be won," I said emphatically, " sho shall be mine 1 " And us if to clinch the matter, I brought my stick down with some forco, meaning, of course, to strike tho ground, but bringing it down on my too. " By the Lord Harry 1 " I exclaimed, drawing up my leg with the pain. I heard a laugh just behind me, the merriest and tho pleasantest laugh in tho world. "What an extraordinary thing to do ! " It was sho 1 Surprise, pleasure, and perhaps the pain of my foot, for tho moment deprived me of speech. " Wiiat an extraordinary tiling to do, " she repeated, still laughing heartily. " I was watching you, Mr. Bona, for some minutes with no small amusement. Something of a very rerious nature was evidently occupying your attention." Something of a serious nature I .Sho raid truly. For two pins I would lmve told lier there and then what the something of a serious naturo was. Howover, I only made some remark about the stupidity of ruy action, aud then asked her what she was doing so far uway from homo. " Oh 1 " she said -with a smile. " I come as far as this, nnd sometimes further, every day." I asked her if I could walk home with her. She said she would be delighted to have a com panion. Never shall I forgot that walk ! Not a word ot our conversation liavc I forgotten to this day ! It was lovely weather. There was a deliriously balmy brcczo off the sea. There Were crowds of peoplo on the esplanade. There wcro carriages without number. But neither Iho weather, nor the breeze, nor the crowd, nor the carriages had any attractions for me. 1 bad only oyes for tho trim little body at my ride, and rowed thnt her face was the prettiest, her voico tho sweetest, and, indeed, that she was from tip to toe the dearest littlo creature fiivo. It was the crown of my joy that we net Mr. Freeman just aa wo reached homo. It was with a delicious throb of satisfaction uot i uoieu rue scowl ne gave mo as ne raisen nis hat to my companion. You may be euro that the next afternoon found me seated on tho bench at Hovo. I had not beeu seated tliero long before, sure enough, L saw her bright little (person come tripping1 "Oh! I am. so glad you aro here, Mr., pond," riio 'said, as I, joined her. ' ' I was wish ing that'I had someone to talk to, I feel in inch good spirits to-day that I aiu not fit to be jrit to myself. ,It is only tho fear of the police just prevents me from dahciug along. Now, 1 dare say that you have often thought me very Stupid," I protested that I had always thought her warming, .. " Indeed 1" sho said, with a laugh and a httle bow, ss she raised her oyebrows. "Bat i have bean so anxious t" she continued, look- "ft <juite jgravo. " You know I am a gover ness (I was all errrs ; atlast I was, porchanco, »o have the inystory, explained) " and gover- nesses, like all tho working. classes, occasionally have got uo work to do-oo- oo-oolioo 1 Now, I got an engagement 1 o.day— thut is to say; if my references arc satisfactory — aud hi a mouth 1 start work again." Her eyes were scintillating with 'pleasure, and tho dimples in her checks deepened as -licr red lips parted in a smile. My heart "went into my boots. (Don't bo'.funny; 'Cordelia; and snarl that it would-not go very far townnls filling them. You ; toko ! 'nuuiber : nines of -:I recollect aright !) !, , . " A mouth i" I-qxclaimcd aghast, " Yos l a month I" she repeated gleefully ; " and I don't mind; telliiig you'; if you'll promise to .keep it a secret, "-she said, turning to me, and holding up her finger — I of coarse promised— -V the reason why I am .so pleased. The fact is, you .know, that — though — of course —governesses earn a great deal of inohoy— — " "ludeetl! 1 interjected. I understood " " Though they earn a great deal of money," she repeated, laying stress ;ou each word, "they can't afford tolive long .at fashionable boardiug houses doing nothing. Although it is very pleasant, " she added with a smile aud a sigh, "to he taken for a lady of. inde pendent means, even if you can't persnade yourself of the fact," " But," I said, seeing an opening for n lead ing question, "you have employment every day, have you not?" She turned round and looked at nie, and under, her gaze my guilty eyes fell. ' "Now, Mr, Bond," she exclaimed, "I've -often thought that you were : anxious - to find out what I did with mysolf all day. What a curious man you are I" (She .meant " inquisi tive," Dame Sneorwcl, not what, your ma licious tongue would suggest.) ' " x was not going to ini-:s_on opportunity otithe 60rt. ' .< i "Weill" I .confessed, "I admit that Ti have endeavored to find out what became , of! you." ' '; f; " " i "And you couldn't, yon couldn't, -you; couldn't, you couldn't;" she cried, licr eyes; sparkling with merriment, " and what is more' you shan't, yon shan't, you shan't,. you shan'ti until the very day I go." , I 1 pressed her to tell me, vowing the secrecy! of the grave, but all that I could extract from' her was that I should be the first' to know.! Finding it useless to pursue the subject farther, I asked if she was goiug to be a governess all' her days. . i " I suppose that you want to know now, you inquisitive man, whether I lmve any expecta-' tions," she answered. "Well, then, let me admit that I am an orphan, and -that further-' more I belong to that unfortunate class that; Knows not uncles nor aunts. It the whole world died," she sighed, "I should not be a1 penny the richer." I don't know what put the question in! my! head, but when she paused I asked her if she thought that Mr. Freeman had any money. She uudcrstood the drift of my inquiry the moment the words passed my lips. Her face flushed and her pretty brow contracted. "If Mr. Freeman had millions," she said with some waruitk, "I wouldn't marry him." Though she looked angry I was not sorry 1 had asked the questiou. That, evening I watched the fair haired young man stand at the piano and turn over the leaves for her with per- fect equanimity. Though she smiled when he said that the piece she liad played was his favorite Leader (that's what he called it — Free man at times used extraordinary phrases), I knew that I had nothing to iear from that quarter. After this I used to moot her every day, and every day I became the more eager to meot her. Not only had I the privilege of escortiug her home of au afternoon, but, with her permission, I now wont with her of a morning as far as the bench mentioned above, beyond which point I had pledged myself that I would .not stir. I cannot describe the regret with which I parted from licr of a morning, much less the excite ment that seized mc of an afternoon when the tirno upproaclicd for licr appea uuce, The fact is, I was head over ears in lure with the enchant ing littlo body. In this state of mind I remained for- threq whole weeks without asking her the burning question which was over on my lips. I recog nised so well what I was risking in a refusal mm x ncsuaieu to maao tnc unai piunge. Granted that ehe remained friends with me oar delightful intimacy must cense, there would be an end to our walks, aud I might evea be treated to that most detestable of joints the cold shoulder. I luid no rival whose attentions should spur me on to a declaration, for the an nouncement of licr feelings towards Mr. Free man hud quite dispelled any uneasiness I had felt on that young man's account. So for 21 long' days I revelled iu the dear girl's sweet so ciety, and felt and looked (and leolcetl, Ma'am !) as young as I did at 25. The near approach ot tho day for her depar ture, to which she now frequently reforrod, re minded me that it would not bo fair to her to leave to the very last iniuuto a matter of such great importance. So, ono lovely July after noon (she had appeared to me even more charming than usual at our early walk), I arrayed myself in my best, and with a beating heart sought tho historical bench with which so many pleasant memories wcro associated. I have never set up for being a good speaker. Indeed, owing to a nervousness I liavo vainly striven to ovorcomo, I ha-vo often found it dif ficult to adequately express my moaning on every everyday occasions. Imagine, then, how my heart" beat at the prospect before me! Great .as the prizo was, tho thought that I might win it did not givo me courage, whilst tho fear that I might lose all Uioyu v»c ij uiuji ui uiwu iv ui/ heart. I repeated, : sometimes half aloud, the phrases with which I intended to woo her — phrases which I had been elaborating day by day for weeks past — and though they had hitherto struck mo as angularly nappy I now felt that they had af&lseringabout; them — now that it was too late (bo I thought) to think of "new ones. So distressed was I at this discovery that I bare some doubt as to whothor I might not have deferred my purpose Bad not Miss Salslrary soon after made an announcement which doeided me to risk everything that -very day. This wns no less than that ehe had made up her mind toj go to London for the last: week of her holidays. "Things are 60 much cheaper there than here,"Bhe said, "nnd I hare to consider these things. However, these personal details are of no interest to yon. What a loTely day it is," she added, iooklug ont to sea with an appre ciative light in her wondrous oyes. _ "Let us stop out as Ions as wo can— a littlo longer than usual — provided that you have nothing else to do, Mr. 'Bond?" In ono moment the words were on my lips — ! not the words I had so carefully prepared, those huddled for ever — and turning to. her with-un anxious face I told her my secret... . . i 'f My dear Miss Salsbuiy," I said. .My voice wasso low that it even struck me as a strange one, ' and wns of course at ' once" noticed 'by my companion;1 whose '-eyes -we» rivetted !on my frico, : J am iglad that .you have expressed thatiwisli. ilyvas goingto a6kyou to give mc a few, minutes extra, this afternoon. 1 do not think that itica'n have escaped' you that I— that you— that I," something in my look or in my words-told her what was coming, and in a moment her dear eyes were cast down and a burning blush lit up her face, "that I have taken no ordinary interest in you. The first evening that I saw vou I was attracted to vou in no small degree, and what at first was mere admiration has grown — pardon me, my dear girl, if tho disclosure distresses you — into a deep love. Before yon announced your intention of going away I meditated asking you, this very afternoon, to he my wife, aud— and i do so now," My sentences were doubtless clumsy, my terms probably ill-chosen, but I spoke with an earnestness that evidently touched her, Once or twice she tried to speak, and I saw a great tear drop on her glove. When she did not answer I urged my suit again. "I know "that the difference in our ages is great — in some people's eyes it would be a fatal bar to our union— but I feel, I feet that I should make you a good husband." I exclaimed passionately, as I bent towards her and looked into her face. "If I am not young, neither am I old; and! swear by all that I bold most sacred "that with my acquaintance with you began, and will end, my love for any woman. Whatever a young.man could do for you I will do, for the great love I bear you will make me young again. No wish of yours shall be Unful filled, for your wishes shall be my; laws. Yon shall covet nothing that you shall not have as faras niy. purse will permit. . . , Everything that! I have " .. I do not know wiiat more I was going to; promise when she laid' her hand on my arm,! and looked lupintb'-niy face. She was uu-: nsuallypalo, and-a 'tear . stood in cither eye. I thought her more beautiful then than ever. "Please don't say any .more just now, for — for I can't bear it," she said softly, her lip! quivering as she spoke. "I know' that you: aro a kind-hearted and honorable' man — a miin! that any girl .might be proud to wed — amau! that would honorably fulfil any pledges thut he! gave, and — and believe me that lam deeply; grateful for your offer. If " It was my turn to ask her to desist. " Before you answer," Ipleaded earnestly, "give the .matter some consideration— ask your friends — do anything," I said in desperation as my head fell on my hands, "rather than; bip-bib-blight '' \ I fairly broke down. ' i "My dear Mr. Bond," she said with evident! emotion, « I will consider, and — and if possible! will let you know to-mcrrow morning. But! even should I have to refuse you " i " Oh, no 5" I hurst in miserably, "I say even if I have I trust that we may; remain on the same footing of friendship." -- Never have I nursed snch an awful nip-ht as that. The dear girl's sad face haunted mo' through tho long sleepless hours. However, 1. felt better after my bath, and when I went into! tho diningroom, where our morning tele a tele'. always took place, I felt almost myself. Violet was there before me, and as she bade me welcome I saw that her face was pale and that! tier eyes were swollen and slightly red. We! talked of everything but the subject ; but our! composure was palpably artificial, and I think that both of us were glad whon the. bell rang, for breakfast. i "Aro we to have our walk this morning?" I asked at the last moment. " Yes 1" she wliispercd in a low voice. ; When we gotoutoLtbo house sho turned to me. . . .. . J "You won't think mo fanciful, will you?" sho said with a smile, "but I don't want to — to speak — to speak, about, you know what, until wc get to the old bench. Do you mind?" Did I mind? No! Athousand times, no ! There was that in lier voice that told me what ner answer woutu ne, ana rne very uiougut ui my bliss made the blood dance in my veins and my footstep as light as it had been when I was a boy. Did 1 mind ? No ! Had she never spoken I should have.read her thoughts. For the last time we took our seats on the dear old bench in our old relation to one another. "I conldn't say what I have to say any where but here," she said, with a sinilo, as she looked me fall in.tlic face with her honest eyes, " for it was hero that we first really know eaeli other. I will bo your wife," she took hold of my hand and hold it while she spoke, " and mny God help mc to make you the helpmate that such a kind hearted, honorable man deserves." 