HUMOUR. All great men are attentiA'e listeners. Many of them acquire tbe habit by being married. — Somerville Journal. " This is a sad and bitter world," re marked a gontlemau . of Irish extraction ; "we never strew flowers on a man's grave until after he is dead." — Washington Hat chet. "I saw a cool deed this morning," re marked Fungleat the supper- table. " "What was it ?" asked his wife, with deep interest. " The- titlo to an ice-houso," replied the wrctoh. — Life. Uncle John — "Why, my girl, you've grown like a cucumber vine ! What progress are you making toAvards matrimony ?" Clara — " Well, uncle, I'm on my fiftli lap." — New Haven News. " Come, Bill," said a young man to a com rade, "it is ten o'clock. Let us go. It's time honest folks a\rere at home." "Yes," was tho reply, "I must be off, but you needn't go on that account." — New York Ledger. Encouragement : "Percy Lovelace (a 6uitor) — " Do you think I can ever Avin Miss Fickle's love?" Cynical Friend (a former suitor) — "Never despoil', my boy. What man has done, man cau do." — Harper'' s Bazar. In tbe front parlour, midnight: He (weight three hundred, sentimentally) — " What will you call me, darling, when we are married ?" She (absently looking at clock) — "I don't knoAv. Fatty, I suppose-" — Town Topics. "George," she said, tenderly, "do you believe in the old saying, ' Out of sight, out of mind'?" "Well no, not altogether," responded George, hesitatingly. " For in stance, take a boil on tho back of one'sneck." — New York Sun. "Pa," said littlo Harold to his paternal parent, after that individual had been reading an article on "Superstition" to his family, " Pa, does death always folloAV the howl of a dog ? " "No, darling," replied Backstruttle, "sometimes its the bootjack." — Judy. Experienced dry goods clerk— "Ladies, have you seen this pattern elsewhere?" Ladies — " No, Ave came to you first of all." Experienced dry goods clerk — " Then pardon me if I decline to show it to you, for if you have just begun shopping you Aviff not buy here." — Fhegende Blatter. Muffin — " Oi hev a ehinder in me eye, from th"gas house !" Mrs. Muffin — " Sorra! This is pfwhat yez'U do. Hold yure nose Avith wan hand ; tur-rn tli' lid nv yure oyo insidy-out wid th' other ; kapo yure mout' shut, an' shneeze like th' divil !" Muffin — " Oi t'ink Oi'll kape the ehinder, Rosie !" — Puck. Annette — "I have just been having a delightful stroll with Harold. Can anything be more deffghttul than a walk in the moon light?" Jeanette (five years older) — "Poeti cal, no doubt Annette ; but when you have had my experience you will know that a dark corner of the porch is equal to ten moonlight nights." — Philadelphia Call. "That's right, littlo hoy," said a kindly old lady to a lad who was trudging cheerfully along with a slate under his arm. "I like to see little hoys who are studious : and there's a nickel for you. On your way to school ? " "No'm," replied the hoy, pocketing the nickel. " Me f adder keeps a beer saloon, an' the old slate's busted; I'm tagin' liim a new one." — New York Sun. " I s'pose you'd take a man's last cent for a drink here?" exclaimed a respectably dressed individual Avith a red nose, as he walked in and leaned on the bar of a Railroad Place saloon yesterday. "With pleasure," replied tho affable attendant. The first speaker ordered a drink of brandy, which he quaffed with an appreciative gurgle, followed by a smack of his lips. Reaching down into the corner of bis pocket, tho customer resur rected a red penny, laid it oh the counter, and astonished the bar-tender -with the two words : " Last one." — The Saratogian. Bright young men are not necessarily polished. — Hotel Gazette. It is at a circus, Avhen he cau keep liis hat on, that a bald-headed man is really indepen dent. "Help one another" works well every where except at a table of a well-filled board ing bouse. Customer — Are you sure this bread is fresh, baker ? Baker — Well, I should say so — it's to-morrow's. The cashier abstracted the money, and when He'd done it he laughed in his sleeA-o ; Tiff exposure was imminent for him, and then, Why, then he still laughed in his leave. Some of the best blood in the land now runs -tbrongh the mosquito's veins. — Pittsburg Chronicle- Telegraph. A woman always looks under the bed for a man. A man goes out between acts to look for bim. — Boston Courier. Wife — In the game of laAvn tennis, my dear, what is the most difficult thing to ac quire ? Husband — Tbe lawn. — Puck. A summer rooster writes home that he re tires Avitb the chickens in the evening and awakes with the fields in the morning. That women thus should scold and grie\'e At men for alcoholic shakes, Seems wrong, for well we know 'twas E\\-e That first had aught to do Avith snakes. — Washington Critic. If woman wants to know Avhat sacrifices men will make for her let her take a seat in the smoking-car. — Philadelphia Inquirer. Ada — Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire and the other pale as a ghost. Ella — Yes. Harry was on one side and I was afraid mamma would see -us on the other. A PAI'A's avild joy. There came to port last Sunday morn The sweetest little craft, Without an inch of rigging on ; I looked, and looked and laughed. Ring out Avild bells and tame ones too Ring out from mom to uoon, Ring in the ltttle worsted socks, Ring in the bib and spoon. — Amsterdam Democrat. Pedestrian — Madam, a boy who I am told is your son has just thrown a stone at me, causing a wound that is very painful. What are you going to do about it. Mother — I don't know ; have you tried arnica ? — Til- Bits. Within one year twenty-two men in this country have shot and killed their wiveB in the night under the impression that they Avere burglars. The Avife who slips out of bed to go through her husband's pockets must do so at the peril of her life. — Detroit Free Press. 