FICTION. Fron« En ni Üb, American, and Oth*r I*erl«rllcali. THE MYSTERY. CHAPTER XIX. WHAT KATE SAW. It is little wonder that even ftrong hearted Kate should have thrilled with terror as her eyes pierced the half-gloom of the little red chamber and inter- preted the sight she saw in its depths by the light of her fears. The candles had burned themselves out, and the only light that penetrated the room came from through the door-way in which she stood, and that was too feeble to dispel the awesome gloom of the place. Dimly she saw a white-robed figure stretched motionless on the-bed ; in a low, easy-chair by the bedside sat, with drooping hoad, a man ; one arm lay on the Bide of the bed, and in the hand resting on the floor was a glittering something which her straining eyes mechanically recognized as a pistol. A choking cry of fear and horror fell faintly from her lips, and shs took a step forward into the room. Then came a quick revulsion, and, turning about, she fled like a ghost, and, shutting the door behind hu>, stood, pale andi trembling, in the chamber beyond. " God forgive him !" she moaned. | For several moments she stood in a sort of stupe- faction, gazing with seeming earnestness around the room, but seeing nothing. Presently she recovered herself with a shudder, and, bowing her head with a kind of reverence, left the fateful rooms and closed the panel behind her, ?with the feeling of one who listens to the clod of earth falling on the coffin-lid. She might have shared the dreadful secret with her father, but she instinctively shrank from doing BO, and determined to keep the knowledge of the tragedy «locked in her own breast. Then the thought of the young doctor and his keen, curious eyes came into her mind, and a fear that he would penetrate the mystery overcame her. " Ho shall not !" Bhe exclaimed angrily. And, with a sudden resolve, she left her room, -Which she had at once sought, and went straight- way Jto the room from which Harry had taken IUB wife. With her unreasoning anger at Doctor Dela plaine growing,hotter each moment, she thought to give theaoom the appearance of premeditated flight. With a deep pity in her heart for the suffering young wife, she gathered together the few articles of value in the trunk, and, wrapping them with the i hat, and cloak, and dress worn by Agnes the day before, she carried them to hor own room and there hid them. "Now look," she cried, "and discover what you can." At luncheon with a strong internal protest at the deception she was practising, she prepared a light meal for the supposed invalid and carried it up ?stairs. r Rose would'have asked some questions but was checked by a cold, curt : " Reserve.your "questions for your father," " Well," exclaimed the indignant young lady, as her sister haughtly sailed from the room, " of all the airs ! As if she were the Queen herself ! What is there so sacred about Miss Darling, I'd like to know, that.I mustn't ask .questions about her P I'll go to her room, that's what I'll do. " You'd better not," said Eveleen. " I did not ask for your opinion." "You are welcome tait, nevertheless." "Young ladies !" said Grace, authoritatively, know- ing from experience that Rose waa just ready for a furious outbreak, in the event of which Eveleen would be retired with a sick headache. j Roso contemptuously tosBed her pretty head, and in a very angry frame of mind sought her own room to meditate on some way to convince Kate that she was not to be so easily put down. For a moment it was in her mind to do as she had threatened ; but then came the quick conviction that it would be wiser for her to leave Miss Darling alone. She had gained so little of either credit or comfort from her recent interference that she readily yielded to,the conviction, however unplea- sant it might be. What should she do then ? In her ruffled mood she could neither think nor submit ; and to sit moping tlfcre with not even the provoking doctor to talk to was simply maddening to the shallow little creature. , . The thought of the doctor made her half wish she had not been so hasty, for she knew from his recent mysterious visits oto the hall that he had not been in any way affeotcd by her startling dis- closures ; and he certainly was a good companion. She was not quite sur« that he was in love with her, though it seemed probable enough too. Of course, there was something between him and Miss Darling. Could they be secretly married ? She started at the thought, for it seemed to explain "why ho acted so strangely towards the governess. And yet-i-. " Oh, pshaw ¡"she suddenly exclaimed petulantly, "what difference does it make to me. I won't think about it. I'm tired of this pokey old place, and £'m going to ask paps to let me go to Ottawa. I'd like to see Jules, the dear fellow." She sighed sentimentally and looked pensively at her ring for a moment. Then she yawned as if even the thought of Jules was not distraction enough at-such a time. I " I'll go for a ride ; that'll do me more goodthaa sitting here." She sprang ix> her feet, rang for Babette .and ordered her horse, and then donned the trim riding habit in which her plump figure was shown to most bewitching advantage, a fact she was evidently per- fectly well aware of, for she studied her reflection io the pier glass with most complacent satisfaction. .On her way down stairs she passed Kate carrying the ftray she had taken to Miss Darling's room. A quick ¿lance showed Rose that nothing had been touched, and she flashed out in her sauciest manner. " Your protege plays the invalid very bravely, Kate." " What do you mean, Rose ?" There was an angry fire in Kate's eyes, but Rose only shrugged her shoulders, and answered coolly, as she swept nonchalantly on ; "Oh, nothing." Without knowing why, she was awaro that she had said a telling thing to hor proud Bister, and elated by that consciousness she sprang lightly on her horse and sent him oil into the keen air at a quick gallop : Kate, looking out of one of the dining-room win- dows, watched the sparkling littlo beauty dashing i along the avenue of tamaracs, and a singular fore- boding of evil fell upon her already sufficiently heavy heart. CHAPTER XX. IN WHICH PATE HAS A PABT. Rose's red lips parted in a low peal of laughter as she touched Prince on the flank and urged him into a swifter, gallop that carried her rapidly through the village and out into the country beyond. She laughed, partly beoauBe she was pleased with the success of her speech to Kate, but most because like the littlo animal she was, the rapid motion, the crisp air tingling against her round cheeks, and the ringing of her horse's hoofs on the frozen ground intoxicated her. She was her own saucy, shallow, sparkling self again. " Hi, Prince ! Hi, old boy !" she cried, gleofully. " That's it ! Faster, faster-never stop. Hi ! Hi !" And Prince, entering into the spirit of his mis- tress, as a good horse will do, tossed his head, and shook his mane, and carried her like tho wind, on, and on, and on-she never caring a straw whither, so the road was good, nor did Prince-but surely F*te took her that way. Thero was a little yellow farm-house away off on that road. Rose had perhaps never seen it; certainly she had never noticed it. That day, how- ever, she saw it, and after that she never forgot it. While Rose, in such buoyant spirits, was being carried BO swiftly thither by Prince and Fate, a young man had shut the gate to the farm-house behind him, »nd iras walking toward Rose. He walked along with some briskness, but more composure, and from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet bore himself with an air of easy confidence and cheerful self-satisfaction. As for his clothes, they were never made outside of Lon- don, and he wore them with the unconcern which habitually well-dresBed men acquire. As for the man inside of the clothes, he was as handsome as Apollo, which ÍB about the same thing as saying that he was as handsome as a man very well could be. Doctor Delaplaine was handsome in a strong manly way ; Jules Le Touche was handsome in a gentle, effeminate way. But this young man, with his distingue air and faultlessly fitting gar- ments, was simply and inescribably handsome. And Rose was rushing right toward him. Bnt that was not all. At a certain spot in that road was a sheet of ice, moBt treacherously covered with drifted'leaves. Rose sped swiftly onward j the young man walked with graceful briskness. Prince bounded upon the treacherous ice, slipped struggled, and went down on one knee. The hand- some young man showed that he had a cool head and a strong arm by springing forward and catch- ing Rose around the waist. Prince fell on the other knee, struggled madly to his feet, and then, with a wild lurch, was down again, and then up again. The work of fate was accomplished, and Prince slipped no more. The young man, however, with a touch of pallor on his dusky face, lay prone upon the ice. Rose, with a look of dismay on her flushed and particu- larly pretty face, stood safely on her feet, looking down at him. "Are you hurt ?" she asked anxiously. "A mere trifle," he said, making a brave attempt to rise, but falling back the next moment with a suppressed groan. " Oh, dear, you are hurt !" cried Rose. " What shaUIdo?" í' Only a sprained ankle," he said, first wincing, and then smiling. Such a smile Rose had never even dreamed of before, and such luminous black eyes ! to say noth- ing of the flashing white teeth under the dark moustache- in itself a bit of masculine perfection. The ankle did pain, but those wonderful eyes did not fail to recognise the piquant beauty of bright eyed, curly headed, red-lipped Rose, as she stood there, so pitiful of faee, and so plastic and round of form. " Can't I help you ?" asked Rose, not any the less tender, you may be sure, that the distressed hero was so handsome. "You might try to give me a lift," he said doubtfully. She held out her plump, shapely little hand. He took off his fur-lined glove, and held up to her a white and no less shapely hand than her own. The two warm hands met and pressed each other hard as Rose vainly tried to help the young man to rise. All the while there was an ecstatic little thumping going on in Rose's heart, and the young man made a pretense of trying to rise in order that he might have an excuse¡for pressing the little hand. (To Je continued.) 