PUBLIC ADVANCES ON LAND. am- El On the above subject a correspondent writes :-'" The one thing to give stable prosperity to the country is the development of the land and for that no provision has been made. You ignore the peculiar mode under which this colony was settled that the land is held by poor men, even the best of them. You have given a railway to a district held by such men, given us labor, but no provision for capital on easy terms. Farming will pay and the system I advocate forms the best possible guarantee that the money would be spent in the right direction and presupposes that the borrowers have already some means at their back. Mr. Padbury talks of the poor man, the young beginner. Would he seek to lend only to such a Let it be for the Dempsters, Throssell's, Morrells, Morgans, and such like-men with the first necessities, land and experience. Large sums will leave the colony this year. Would it not be wiser for Government to provide money for our farmers, than see it go out for flour, returned to us by subsidised steamers. Why could not say £5,000 be placed at the disposal of such a district as this That sum would represent with my plan 2,500 acres of land under follow (now land and this under ordinary circumstances would give a return of 37,000 bushels of corn, about £7,400 sterling. I wish I could properly impress the importance of the agricultural interest. What will our position be in a few years (very few too with the North and South railways completed. Is there a ghost of a chance of their being turned to profitable account, except by the development of the land, and what provision is being made for that? The Syndicates will probably sell their land, and get the cash as a speculation, and quit- The forest is not cleared in a day, or in a year or two. Our own lands will be 20s. per acre, syndicate lands 4s. We lost the only man with the right ideas (though maybe many of them were Utopian) I mean A. Hordern. It is sought to keep public clamour down by hastening the expenditure of the loan money in the towns. What after that We have artizans arid dwellers in towns coming and going in shoals but not a single farmer has come into these districts from abroad ! With land equal to any, giving excellent averages, with labor available, yet farming is languishing, not from want of inclination but want of capital or any means of obtaining it, for it can't be said too often our men, one and all, are poor. I agree with you the Government should not, as a rule, take up matters that can be carried on by private enterprise. But surely the more speedy development of our land, of the public estate, is a matter which the State might well and wisely take up. Besides, it is only in this way that it can now correct the fatal mis-" take of early days in disposing of its best land to poor men at Is. 6d per acre." 