dr. dale's farewell. Dr. Dale preached his farewell sermon at the Congregational Church, Pitt- street, last night The edifice was crowded in every part. Hi's discourse was an exceedingly able one, the sub ject being tbe church polity of Congregational- isis. jlq tne course or it ne saia mat in roe in terests of ao ideal Christian morality he wal loyal to Congregatiouulhim. In the earliest times men became Christians because they found in tbe church a loftier idea of righteous ness, a nobler integrity, a more generous charity than they found elaewbero, because those who were in the church bad listened to the voice of God, and were endeavoring to obey it, aBd tbe life of the church was a more effective evangelising ' force than the preacbiog of its evangelists. It wonld be so Stiil, but if that force was to bo exerted by Christian churches, Christian churches most consist of those who were " in Christ. " Imagine what would be the effect on the heart and conscience of the people of this colony if as soon as a man came into the Christian church bis temper, if rough before, began to be kindly ; if bis selfishness was changed into geoerosity ; if, having been reckless in speech, he became truthful and considerate ; if he be came a better husband, a better father, a better eoo, and did bis work better as a mechanic, a clerk or a salesman ; if a master became more kindly and just to his men ; if as soon as be entered tbe ch arch be began to check profuse and unnecessary expenditure and began to give more freely to all public and noble objects; if it was plain tbat he was ceasing to care sopremely for wealth and for pleasure, and cared supremely for doing the will of God ; if he was uo longer mastered by his trouble, and If in achiering what men called "success" he was divinely indifferent I He valued greatly the power of preaching ; but he stood by Congregationalism for the sake of the evangelistic force that would be exerted by the life of Christian churches — if all Christian churches consisted really of Christian people. Let the Christian chnrch consist only of Christians and he believed that it would soon convert the world. The triumphs of the chnrch over irreligloa and over heathenism were in early times arrested as soon as the church began to receive into its communion vast numbers of persons who were outside the Christian faith— or, if not arrested, those triumphs became less rapid and Jess brilliant. If our churches were filled with Christian men who were full of the Holy Ghost, their lives would be infinitely more effeCtivo in drawing meu to Christ than the most earnest and most impassioned preaching of tbe gospel. He therefore Btood by the first principle o! Congregationalism — that the church should consist of those who were sanctified in Christ, " called to be saints." The other great central principle of Congregational polity was. that whenever Christian people were gathered together in Christ's name Christ was among them to guide their deliberations, to lead them to wise and jnst decisions ; in other words, according to the Congregational ideal, every separate company of Christian people was an organ and au expression of tbe thought and will and life of Christ. He was asked whether Congregational churches realised tbat transcendently glorious conception. He replied f raokly and without hesitation that the Congregational polity was an ideal polity. lie did not know whether there would ever be a church all of whose members were loyal to Christ and inspired with the Holy Ghost. He thought it possible tbat for generations to come in every society of Christian people there would Se some who were not Christian, and that some who were would not be completely filled with the spirit of Christ— would not bo com pletely " one with Christ." Congregationalism was an ideal polity. To him that was its fascina tion and its charm. If they told him that the Congregational polity was an ideal polity — that was one reason for believing that it was tho truest and the noblest. Everything that was divine was likely to be beyond the reach- of human strength, and that brought it into har mony uot only with tho whole order of Dirioo revelation that also with ail the loftiest acti vity of bnman nature. It was the ideal that gave endurance to martyrs and that inspired heroes with victorious strength ; and when he was told that Congregationalism was an ideal polity, be accepted it at once and declared that for that reason — because it was an impossible polity— ho for his part stood by it. The pos sible was never worth living for, either in the case of the Individual or communities ; only as we attempted that which lay beyond the farthest reach of human achievement did we approach that which was greatest in human nature and that which was nearest to the divine. Dr. Dale concluded as follows : Now I must say farewell, for this I suppose is the last time that I ahull have the opportunity of speaking to a public assembly in this colony. I wish to express to-night from my very heart tbe gratitude that I feel for the unmeasured kindness which I and thoa who arc with me have received from all descriptions of per sona while we have been in New South Wales. If I were to begin to. attempt to enumerate those who have been good to us I should detain yon far too long. I thank yon all from my very heart for the brotherly affection that you have shewn to us, for the sisterly affection that you have shown to us, for all your endeavors to make our stay in thi8 city and in this neigh borhood agreeable to ourselves and to assist the purpose for which we have come here. I wonder whether the prayers that have beeu offered ' are to be answered. Many prayers have been offered in England, many prayers have been offered here, that God in His great mercy would reveal Himself in new and more glorious forms to all the chnrches in this great land. We at home are beginning-to appreciate, as perhaps we did not appreciate in past years, tbe solemnity and greatness of the duties to which Christian people of all churches in this colony are called. We recognise— every one of ue— the critical importance of the years that Ue between childhood and manhood in the case of the individual. Human probation practically ends in the majority of cases at fivo and twenty. Meu who have beard tbe Gospel and not received it before then are in danger of refusing It all their life long, and a critical im portance attaches to the youth of great com munities, and you, tbe Christian people of these colooies, bave intrusted to you the culture and control of young nations. Great States tbat are to be bnilt npon these shores are now at echool, and their Christian education is in your baods. Tbey bave to learn from von the truths and laws by which their national life is to be inspired and governed and you need the fullness of the grace of God that you may be equal to the greatness of your trusts. We have prayed tbat this grace may be yours. Pray for your selves that it may bo yours. Don't refuse it when, ia answer to these prayers, tbe grace is conferred ; resolve in the presence of tbe Eternal tbat yon will not only keep faith with your fathers bat will also keep faith with your children and your children's children — that you will sot fail to be loyal to the traditions you have received from the ancient raco from which you bave sprung — loyal to tbe claims that coming generations have upon youi Christian integrity and yonr Christian earnestness. 