Our Exports. Up to the present it was a pleasur able task to compile and eompare the trade statistics of Port Augusta; but the year 1886 was one from which ! cheerful figures could not be expected I —and would not have been believed if produced. The statistical table com piled by Mr C. E. Stokes, which a PP ears elsewhere, gives, however, an account ol the shipping trade of Port Augusta that is several grades below anticipations That the value of our exports should have fallen off considerably was a matter of course, considering the harvest of'85-6, and the drought of '86; but probably few people were prepared to hear that the exports were considerably less than half of those of 1885, and over ^100,000 less than those of 1882. The trade of the port had been increasing steadily since that year; for though in 1885 they fell ^10,000 in value below those of the previous year, yet their quantity was greater — the difference being caused by depreciation in the value of staple produce which more than counter-balanced the increased pro duction. The gross value of our exports in '85 was ^816,218; and for '86 the record is only ,£389,344— a tremendous falling off. The dimi nution was general all along the line, with the exception of the small item bark, in which there is an incresse of ^875. There was a deficiency of over ,£50,000 in the value of pastoral produce exported, and of ^376,000 in agricultural produce. That the import trade suffered also is sufficiently apparent from the fact that Customs receipts, in spite of a considerable increase in the tariff, fell from ,£8,239 to .£4,250; and the overland exports of imported goods to Queensland and New South Wales dropt from £17,825 to ^7,998. These facts and figures are not particularly cheering; but nevertheless they do not offer any valid reason for discounting the future of Port Augusta as the trade depot of the vast inland area which its geographical position and natural advantages enable it to commercially command. The port suffered in common with the rest of the colony; and when the complete statistics for the past year are published, it will probably be found that— apart from the almost total absence of wheat shipments—this port has suffered less than others. Taking the several lines of staple exports individually, we find that the great collapse has been in breadstuff's. The harvest of '85-6 in South Australia left a very small margin for export after supplying the demands of home consumption—and and that margin was not derived from the wheat fields of the North. The consequence was that Port Augustas wheat shipments, which in the previous year amounted to 2,717,566 bushels, dwindled to a miserable 18,'iojg bushels, and of this small number only 1,235 bushels were shipped over sea, the balance going in coasters. The local mill was not at work during the first part of the year, as it was undergoing a renovating process which has made it one of the finest in the colonies—and the flour shipments fell from 9,293 to 6,173 tons — a decrease of over 30 per cent representing a money value of over ,£17,000. The disastrous drought of the first six months of the year had of course a very prejudicial effect on the wool shipments, in which there was a decrease of 6,656 bales; but owing to the rise in prices the decrease in value 1 was not proportionate, amounting only to £33, 000 —an average of about £5 per bale; whereas the bales shipped averaged £11 10s. in value. As to minerals, the number of tons of ore shipped was 1,650, against 487 in the previous year—but then the value of the latter was over £10,000, and of the former only £"3,680. This disproportion is accounted - for by the practical extinction of copper mining in the North, owing to the low prices ruling, and to the fact that the ore now shipped is almost entirely manganese. Setting aside the complete collapse of the wheat shipping trade last year, the most remarkable feature of the export returns is the change which took place in the relative positions of the coasting and over-sea shipments. In former years the former did not amount to one-sixth of the latter, but in 1886 we find that the value of coast shipments was ,£203,000, while that of the foreign and intercolonial cargoes was only ,£185,000. The inward and outward tonnages of the foreign and intercolonial trade totalled 28,770 tors, the number of vessels being 54, and the average burthen therefore 532 tons. In the previousyear the tonnages were 103,998, and the number of ships 128, giving an average burthen of 808 tons. The coast tonnages inward and outward also fell off considerably, but the value of the cargoes increased nearly cent per cent. This is a very unfavorable symptom ; for wharfs and harbor improvements are in vain if staple produce is shipped off in coasters to be re-shipped for foreign export. And yet that is what the competition of the great ocean steamers implies for all ports which are not improved up to a point which will allow such vessels to come into harbor, fill up, and depart without delay or danger of grounding. Last year coasters took away from Port Augusta 15,074 of the 36,339 bales of wool, almost all the wheat, half the flour, nearly all the bark, 75 per cent of the ores, and all the bran I and hides, shipped from Port Augusta. The fact that there was no grain here to attract wheat ships, is of course an explanation in part of this absorption of produce by coasters; but even the rising importancce of colonial wool sales does not account lor so large a I portion of ' that • staple * going into the - • coast traffic. The ftiture of the Port depends in a great measure upon its accessibility and the dispatch with which it can load vessels; the latter desideratum will in a great measure be I supplied when the wharfs are completed ; and as to the former, though great improvements have been made, there is still much to be done, and to abandon deepening operations now, would be to discount the value of the work already done. PROPERTY SALE.—An advertisement in another column announces that Maurice Salom & Co. will sell on Monday next at the City Auction Mart, Adelaide, the well known business premises in Commercial road, Port Augusta, until recently in the occupation of Mr J. W. Davis as a jewellery and musical instrument warehouse. Three allotments at the corner of Jervois and Paterson streets, and one in Langford-street will also be offered. GRAPES.—The present seaBon is, as we have had occasion to remark previously, in exceptional one in several respects, and in none more than with regard to vegetable growths. The soil of Port Augusta was for a long time- regarded aG incapable of supporting vegetable life on any but the most minute scale, and the first tobacco tret was a phenomenon. Experience has, however, proved that with a little careful fosterage in infancy and a libation or two now and then, not only treeB, but fruit can be successfully grown. Recently Mr R. Haining, of the Bunk of South Australia, cut a bunch of grapes from a five year old vine, growing at the back of the bank, which weighed bs. The grapes were large, well developed, of good flavor, and of the variety known as the Black Prince. THE UNEMPLOYED.—For some time past tho Mayor (Mr D. Drysdale) has been receiving applications for free passes up the Great Northern line from men who hope to get work on the Strangways railway ; hut the Commissioner of Public Works on being applied lo intimated that i no such passes could be granted at present, Mr T. Burgoyne, M.P. was then asked to interview the Commissioner on the subject, and last night's mail brought a letter from him, announcing that the Commissioner had promised to telegraph permission to the Mayor to select six men at present, and more in the future if necessary, to go up the line with the batch of Adelaide nnemployeds who start from town on Monday. The Port AuguBta contingent will, we presume, leave here on Tuesday morning to join the others at Quorn. HOSPITAL REPORT.—During the week ended Thursday, January 27, seven patients were admitted to, and three die charged from the Port Augusta Hospital, which now contains 35 inmates. One death, from liver complaint, occurred during the week. We have made inquiries with regard to the complaint of Mr C. Johnstone as to the burial of the late William Sharman, and are informed that immediate interment was an absolute necessity, as decomposition commenced almost immediately after death, and as the weather was exceedingly hot. \- Notice of burial was DCUt sent uv by *ue the Steward to Mr Johnstone, but the hour was not stated, aB it was not then known to him. He also instructed the undertaker to communicate with the Church of England minister and reqsest him to take the burial service. No reply being received from Mr Johnstone, events took their course ; but we are not aware whether the undertaker discharged his mission to the clergyman HAWKERS AND LIQUOR CARRYING.—A J . * - .. XT , ^"fSTNorth-West, himself signing h , " >0 ° ,f Anxious," inquires what quantity | of spirits a licensed hawker is allowed to carry. It is just as well that hawkers should know how they stand on this point, and we hope that they generally vill pay some attention to the answer, which iB— " Not a single pint." Clause 9 of the Licensed Hawkera Act states most distinctly, " That no licensed hawker or his licensed^ervant shall carry any spirituous, malt, vinous, or fermented or intoxicating liquor, and any such licensed hawker or his servant who shall carry such liquor shall be deemed to be carrying such liquor about for sale, and shall be liablp to be|punisbed accordingly." This punishment is provided for in clause 130 of the Licensed Victuallers Act of 1880, \- FL • • I and is bnefly-the seizure and fprfeiture Of the liquor, the vehicle it is carried in, a and fine the not animals exceeding employed #50, with to draw the alternative of four months' imprisonment. It is it, and | in the power of any Justice, constable, or peace officer, to make a seizure in such caseB without any warning or formality. legal ANOTHER WHEAT SHIP.—Yesterday the barque Adamant, 832 tons, Captain Fiehland, arrived in Port Augnsta to load wheat for Darling & Son. She left Melbourne in ballast, called at Wallaroo for orders, and waB brought up by Pilot PlenniB, of that port. She is now moored in the stream. THE TASSIE STREET MAIN.—Recently it will be remembered that the Corporation drew the local Waterworks Superintendent's attention to the condition of the fire plug in Tassie-etreet at the Bank corner, and received a reply from him to the effect that the necessary improvements would be shortly effected and the main be re- laid, as the road bad been raised since the pipes were put down. On Wednesday this work was commenced, and will probably be completed as far as the Commercial-road corner to-day. BATHING.—Complaints are being made lust now that the conduct of hobbledehoys at the male bathing reserve is anything but satisfactory and demands prompt reformation. The indecent and profane language and larrikin behaviour of some of the bathers are so gross that people are beginning to shrink from allowing their children the luxury of a sea-bath, for fear that they should be contaminated or bullied. Throwing the hats and boots of small boys into the water, and tying the' garments of others into knots, is neither a humorous or a manly proceeding, and indecent language is Bimply provocative of disgust. Of course when a policeman is on the ground everything goes decorously ; but a policeman cannot stand sentry over the bathing jetties all the evening, and unless the highly-objectionable practices referred to are abandoned, informations will certainly be laid against offenders by private individuals. A word of warning, therefore, may avert a recourse to the Police Court. BUSH BENEVOLENCE.—A case recently occurrad on thft Birdsville track which shows that the Northern teamster, though liiB manners inay sometimes be rough and his language more forcible than decorous, can play the part of the Good Samaritan a whole-hearted style not at all customary in these days of civilization and modern Christianity. On Wednesday night the Northern train brought down to Port Augusta a Mr Joyce, who met with an accident while travelling in the mail trap f F om -? er $ ott to . Birdsville. When about 30 miles out from Hergott, as be was changing from the back to the front seat, the horses swerved with a little bolt off the track on to a sandhill and stopped short, and Mr Joyce was thrown over on to the horseB, one of which kicked and then fell on him, breaking three of his ri b , 8 » ® nd , .otherwise injuring him. Two bullock drivers who were camped near at once took Mr Joyce under their guard ianship. One of them got on his horse and rode into Hergott for a buggy, while the other, yoking up a team of 20 bullocks and making the injured man as comfortas he eould in the waggon, drove on through u ^ the night with him towards Hergott, to meet the buggy and thus minimise delay. We regret our inability to give the names of these bush Smaritans. Mr Joyce is now at the Great Northern Hotel, and is progressing favorably under the care of Dr Markham. DB MARKHAM'S FAREWELL.—On Monday afternoon, a meeting summoned by advertisement, was held in the Institute Hall, to decide what steps should be taken in connection with Dr Markham's approaching departure from Port Augusta. The Mayor (Mr D. Dryedale) presided, and the followingcomiaittee was formed from those present Messrs Beatton, Bryant, Gordon, Higgins, Hullett, Nicholson, Stokes, Walters, T. and G. Young, and the Chairman. An apology for inability to attend was received from Dr Pendleton, whose name was added to the committee. Mr Nicholson was appointed Secretary to the Committee, and it was decided to present Dr Markham with an address, printed in duplicate on parchment and white satin. The Secretary submitted a rough draft of address, which was tentatively adopted, and Messrs Gordon, Stokes, and Walters were appointed a sub-committee to deal finally with the text of the address. It was decided that Dr Markham should be requested to attend at the Institute Hall on Monday next, January 31, at 7.30 p.m., that the address might be presented to, a public farewell taken, of him. Dean Nevin, who was absent from Port Augusta when the meeting was held, on hie return expressed his regret at having been unable to be present, and bis desire to co-operate in the testimonial to Dr Markham. His name has consequently been added to the committee list. On Wednesday evening the local ForeBterB Lodge gave Dr Markham, who has been its medical offcer for 13 years, leave of absence, and accepted Dr Birkett as his substitute. A vote of thanks, couched the most cordial and complimentary terms, was accorded to the Doctor for his services, and it was decided to present him with a gold medal suitably inscribed. THE TOWN HALL STAGE.—Work in the Town Hall has now progressed so far that a good idea of its appearance when complated can be formed, notwithstanding its skeleton floor and embryonic gallery, The hall has a very light, airy and pleasant I aB P p ct; the design of the plaster cornices of its wall pilasters is elegant, and the sweep the gallery front gives a beautiful curve. As to acoustic properties, would be premature to ju.fge at present, though there can be little doubt that they will be rauch superior to those of theInstita te Hall and the Court House. The scenic artists, Messrs Fry and Fife, have been hard at work for the past throe weeks, and the highly creditable result of their labors may now be inspected (by special permit) from the gallery. From that standpoint the excellence of the artists' work can be best appreciated, and both in design, perspective, and shading, it is such as to reflect credit on them and on the Hall. When completed we do not th i , nk that ^ere , wi11 be B Btfl ge ^ the i"^' ® ut8ld ? the metropolis, so fully and handsomely equipped. The curtain to be of crimson rep, and the proscenium will be adorned with green and gold in diamond lozenges. The design of the act-drop is not, we believe, yet determined on ; and the " palace arches," though their frame-work is in esse, are at present canvassless. The scenes with wings „ to match now com pleted, are four in number, the first being a landscape scene, in which an irrecular range of blue hills is seen in the back ground through scattered clumps of forest trees ruing from an undulating sward of verdure. In the left foreground appears a lake embowered in foliage, flanked by sturdy trees, up which clamber parasitic growths. The drawing and coloring are alike good, and the effect is both pleasing and picturesque. The second scene, though net of the pictuiesque order, is one which must have exercised the artists' patience and skill even more severely than the first. It represents the streets of a city, crossed by others, and leading to a church in the distance ; and the judgment displayed in the shading and the correctness of the perspective are apparent in the way in which windows, UUUI doors, B and bouses stand out I ANA nouses stand out so as to almost deceive the senses, in daylight, as to their reality. A plain "interior" (drawing-room), „nd a kitchen scene complete the work at its present stage. At a Town Hall Committee meeting held last night Cr Wigley offered to pay for extra painting lo the proscenium, as per design submitted by Mr Fry, to the amount RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—On Wednesday evening a Mr Hammond was brought down to the Port Augusta Hospital from Hergott, suffering from a severe accident he had sustained on the Hergott and Strangways line early that morning. The sufferer was in the employ of Mr J. R. Saumels, storekeeper of Hergott, and his duties took him constantly up and down thelinennderconstruction. While leaning against the door of the van it opened outwards, and ho consequently fell out when the train was near Stuart's Creek, 40 miles beyond Hergott, early on Wednesday morning, and received severe injuries to his feet. The train was promptly -stopped, the wonnded man placed in the van, and the trucks shunted on to the 42 mile siding, and then the engine ran straight back to Hergott On arriving there Mr Hammond's injuries were dressed by a local chemist, and he was put on board the train for Port Augusta, under charge of M.C. Buttfield who was coming down on sick leave. He suffered great pain as far as Hawker, but was relieved there on Dr Brnehl rearranging the bandages and giving him a sleeping draught. He slept thence as far as Quorn, and when the train arrived here Dr Mirkham was in attendance,and saw to his removal to the Hospital. Yesterday Drs Markham and Pendleton, after a careful examination of the injuries ( which consisted of an almost complete severance of the right foot from between the great and second toeB, and the loss of the tip of the third toe of the left foot, decided that amputation of a portion of the foot (Perigoff's operation) was necessary. The operation was performed this morning by Dr Markham, assisted by Dr Pendleton. SUNDAY EVENING ADDRESSES. — The Rev. J. Hancock delivered the fifth of his series of Sunday evening addresses on the " Foundation of Christianity" in the Bible Christian Church on Sunday evening last, to a large congregation. The subject was "The Coadjutors," and the text "There are three that bear witness; the spirit and the water and the blood, and these three agree in one"—I John, v, 8 (Revised Version). When the great St. Augustine was writing his discourse on the Trinity, he saw one day a child who had dug a hole in the sand of the sea- shore, and was attempting to empty the sea into it. Augustine pointed out that this was impossible, and was led to the conclusion that the act of the child was quite as possible as his own attempt to solve the mystery of the Trinity. Many hundreds of years had passed since then, and although many problems had been solved, the mystery of the Trinity was still far from elucidation. He did not expect to be successful where so many had failed, yet he could not pass over the question in a series of addresses on the foundation of Christianity. He had already spoken of the personality of God, and they were now asked to consider the Son and Holy Ghost. In the great system of Christianity, the Son and the Holy Ghost were important factors. The first proposition was : " That the Godhead comprises three distinct persons." The preacher pointed out that the attributes of God were assigned to each, and cited several passages of Scripture in support. The next proposition was that in the tri-personal Godhead there was perfect equality. The first and most usual appellation for God in the Hebrew text was " Elohim." This was a noun substantive of the plural number. In the first sentence of the Old Testament this term was used, and it was repeated no less than 2,500 times in the Scriptures. The most sacred place in the Temple was called the " Holv of Holies," or the " Holy place of the Holy Ones/' In the vision of Isaiah he heard from the lips of the Seraphim a thrice uttered adoring expression, " Holy, Holy, Holy ;" and in the vision of St. John at Patmos he beard the sound of harpers playing upon their harps and the burden of that celestial anthem was, " Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, who is, and was, and is to come. " The Scripture also said that " The Spirit searcheth the deep things of God ;" and Peter told Ananias that he had lied to the Holy Ghost. The disciples were commissioned to baptise in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Christ had declared that He and the Father were one. While the idea of three distinct persons was before their minds, Polytheism should be guarded against—" Thou shalt have no Gods but me" was an inexorable command. Nearly all pagan nations in one way or another acknowledged a Trinity, and nearly all Christian sects agreed ou this point, although the perfect and complete equality had been objected to. " Arianism" taught that the God-head consisted of one eternal person, who, before all things, created in his own image a super-angelic being—His only begotten Son, who became creator of the world and the first and greatest creature He created was the Holy Ghost. Sabellianism taught that God was one essence, one person under different manifestations. When He made the world He was called the Father ; when He redeemed the world He was called the Son ; and when He sanctified the world, then He assumed the character of the Holy Ghost. " Tritheism" held that there were three Gods united, not in being, but in the most intimate fellowship of counsel and will " Socinianism" or " Unitarianism" held that there was only one God in person as well as in essence, that Jesus Christ was a mere man, though an inspired prophet, and was called Son of God on account of his miraculous conception ; and that the term Holy Spirit was only another name for the one God. A trinal unity had been pronounced absurd and contradictory ; but such assertion was not an unanswerable argument. While there were so many things they were bound to accept, although beyond their comprehension, it was presumptuous to pronounce this doctrine absurd. In a stone there were color, shape, and size—three in one ; In man there were will, affection, and thought — each separate and distinct from the others, yet all combined. With so much evidence in its favor and so little against it, the preacher asked his hearers to accept the doctrine of trinal unity. The first dis pensation was God revealed as Creator— insufferably great. Then came a later dispensation in which God manifested himself to humanity through man; and still later God communicated himself as the Spirit. In these three was perfect agreement. "Christ came to fulfil the law and the prophets," and when Christ terminated his work the Holy Spirit began its functions. In the text it would beseen that God was represented by the term Spirit; the Son by blood, manifested in sacrifice and atonement; and the Holy Spirit was represented by water, teaching the sanctify- ing and cleansing influences of His peculiar vocation. Against the Holy Ghost it was possible to commit the gravest sin " All manner of sin shall be forgiven, but blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall never be forgiven." On Sunday evening next the subject will be "Breach of Contract." BILL NYE ON TOBACCO.—TO me the statement that tpbacco-tainted human flesh is offensive to the cannibal does not come home with crushing power. Perhaps I do not love my fellow-man so well as the cannibal does. I know I am selfish in this way, and if 8Dy cannibal brother desires to polish my wi8h-bone, he must take me as he finds me. I cannot abstain wholly from the use of tobacco in order to gratify - - the pampered . r ... tastes of one ,— who | has never gone out of his way to do me a 1 ' 