ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY OF NEW SOUTH WALES. -«, Tho monthly mooting of the Zoological Society of New South Wales was hold in the Zoological Gardens yostor« day. There woro prosent-Dr. George Bennett, vico-proai doñt'(chairman) ; Mr. J. Keep, und Captain Ghest. Tho Secretary's report was as follows:-Tho rocoiptâ from tho gates for tho four weeks ondod 1st September amounted to £102 7s. fid., which represented tim admission of -181-1 visitors to tho gardens, 3376 being adults, and 1-138 children ; theso numbers aro exclusivo of members apel their friends. Tho receipts from the olophnut amounted to £6 12s. Od., and from tbo ponies mid donkoys to £2 18s. 6d., bringing the total receipts for tho four weeks up to £111 18s. lid. Tho gardens wero also visited by 3356 Publio school children, accompanied by 82 tenchers. At the last monthly meeting of the socioty, hold on tho f)(h August, Sir Henry Parkes was unanimously elected presi- dent of Ibu society, in tho room of the lato Mr. Arthur Todd Holroyd, F.Z.S. On tho 8th August, in reply to tho secretary's "notification to him of his election, Sir Henry thanked the,council for tho honour thoy hud conferred upon him, and stated that it would at all times afford him great pleasure to bo of sorvice to the society. In consequence of tho continued wet weather, tho water in tho lowvr ground is gradually encroaching over all the plantation» and flower beds, and many trees and plants have ? boon killed. From a letter received from thu town olork, it appears that a drain could bo cut Ironi tho laico to tho Cleveland-street sewer for tho sum of £300, but the drain would havo to bo carried out at tho oxpeuso of tho society, and undor tho supervision of tho City Council. The most notoworthy donations during tho last nionth were two pair of kagus (Ithinochetus jubatus), a bird peculiar to Now Caledonia. Ono pair was sont by Mr. John Morgan, of Noumea, and tho other pair by Mr. N. Hagen, also of Noumea. On roforring to Dr. Sclater's " List of tho Vertebrates of tho Zoological Gardens of London," it appears that only four birds had boen rcccivod ulive in tho London Zoo. The first bird, a malo, waa presented to that Bocioty on April 20, 1802, by our senior vico-president, Dr. George Bonnott, I-'.Z.S. ; tho second, afomnlo, was also pre- sented bv the same gentleman; tho third was presented by thai late Acclimatisation Society of Sydnoy, on April li), 1866; mid the fourth bird was purchnsod by tho London society, on February Ö, 1867. Tho kagu bolong* to tho same family as the eurypygidio, tho sun bitterns of South America. Tho kagu are now very difficult to procuro ulive, in conso quenco of their having beon nearly exterminated by the settlers of Now Caledonia. The birds have been let loosa in tbo gardons, and can now bo scon basking thomselves in the sunshine on the margin of the lake, or in tho flower beds, and, when hungry, digging with their powerful beales in tho ground for worms. The following donations wore acknowledged:-Black Bwan, presented by G. Btacoy ; galur parrot and an opossum, presented by W. H. Floyd, Clovolund-street; scrub turkey, presented by G. W. Johnston, Redforn atreot; echidna, presented by J. A. Holmes, Camper- down ; Walluroo, young kangaroo, and a morepork, pre- sented by Mrs. W. M. Jackson, Manly Beach; opossum, presontcd by li. C. Fugill, Surrv Hills; slow-worm, presented by B. Whito, Surry Hills; two kagus (Now Caledonia), presented by N. Hagen, Noumea; ' two kagus, presented by John Morgan, Noumea; seven bugs shells, presented by J. R. Hill, Vaucluso. Three snake* wore purchased by tho society. Mr. Powell, suporintendent of the gardens, reported the health of tho animals and hirds to bo good, the only casualties being the death of the Malayan hour and one of tho Japanoso squirrels. On tho motion of Captain Ghost, seconded by Mr. Keep, it was rosolved that in futuro committee meetings be held I fortnightly instoad of weokly, as heretofore. The mooting thon terminated. 