THE 1838 LEASES. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—To resume the subject of my letter of the 26th July, I will now, with your permis-<*> sion, say a few words in reference to the north-<*> east country as it is, and as it was some 15 years ?go. Then ft was a fairly well-to-do pastoral country, bat the squatters being convinced that itwM necessary to improve on the old qystetn ware just settling down with good heart to fence in and extensively improve their runs, past experience having abown them that their only cbaeceof profitably carrying' on m the investment of capital in largely im proving, increasing the water supply, and run zatg their flocks in paddocks, thereby being in a somewhat better position to withstand the disastrous results of a repetition of the years 1864 and 1865, and at the same time nlyiog on tte Government acting fairly at the expiration of their lease*, so as to allow sufficient time I repay them for the very heavy expenditure) , they were about to incur. And I may hers ' state, and truthfully, that any man under standing this matter will agree with me when I tay that to thoroughly improve a ran in the way in which I will abow that these run* hare been improved simply means that the holder of such country must make up his mind to wait patiently for at least ID yean before he can hope for any actual return for his outlay. I will leave it to any of your conscientious fair- i thinkiDg readers to judge, after reading this, whether these men have had sufficient time, and whether they do not deserve a new. lease. Anyone with any knowledge of the north eastern country will know that it is principally ? saltbnah country, with but little or no per manent surface water; consequently the only now reliable water is obtained by sinking j Wtlls, and some of these to a great depth. Many have resulted in only inferior stock water being obtained, and many again are too salt for any use. Besides this there ia a great deal of very rough country, moon of which is useless for even a large eheepfarmer. la 1871 I took the management of the Bool coomatta station. Then fencing was bat young; ?till a good deal had been done in the lower portion. But the general ayateni was shep herding ; in fact, the old easy-going hamirum atjle— water drawn for sheep by windlass, whip, or whim, as the case might be. But now hew different. The stock run at large in paddocks, and when coming to water, j instead of being driven day after day to the well over the same ground through a cloud of dust, and when at the well having to wait until the water is drawn, as in years gone by, they now run in night or day, no matter which, as the water ts always there for them, and as they drink from the troughs . there refill from a Urge stone tank kept full from the well by steam-engine or windmill. ' They come to the well quietly without ttra eland of dust; so they go to water, so they feed, not being driven about in a flock by a shepherd to be put in and let out of a yard when he feels disposed. They now feed and water when and where they Hke in small lots of from 50 to 1,000, feeding and camping at will all over the paddock. Does it not strike the reader as being not only more beneficial to I the stock, but by far the more natural way to bretd and keep them. Thus it is now, and this is the general plan adopted by sheep farmers, not only in the northeast but throughout the whole of the north and western Bat how has this been done? Why, as I aid before, by sheer hard delving and the lajiog out of a vast amount of capital. Some of the wells have ccst hundreds, I might of thfm?and?, when jon come to consider the number of bad ones that in some cases are ?enk before one good one is got. Then comes the fitting up, another expensive item. Sab- i stafctsal atone tanks and troughs are not built for nothing, to aay m/BUag of the waterliftmg machinery. Then, again, the '?""'ig lam prepared to state that none of tail has cast under £30 per mile, and aoma as high as £50. Then then an the daasa. I (Link any of you: rrartw s ?hnuld be eoahlad to jedn the great oast of these, tbooffa he has never '?eea connected with squatting or any ein.Uar txuinss, when be ooaaiden Out every yard of stuff so excavated aosts from 3d. to la. &L;, and in some cases, according to depth aad ground, more. Some of those dama are as deep aa SS feet, and from ISO to 240 yards knar, with oorrespowdrag width, wot the avenge depth ia about U feet Toon, again, ia wtll malrirrg it is not the actual price paid to the sinker; then an iammecable other espraen of which your casual reader knows ?aching, all of which swell the cost of cueh work. Betides ail I have auatiooed then axe woolrheda and other hnilrtinrs. aU hninf good and substantial, and costing a deal of (Dooey— all neocsmry improvements, for without then a station cannot do. On no station in the north-east can you find aay ntattaa nmsmnrtal filigree feukttags or tan- I provwEeeto built far show and luxury that we brar spoken of at time a by some of the city folks, but from end to end aad ttuanghuttt the whole of the runs now held by the squatter* well*, daena, water lifting appliances, building*, and fences are good and substantial. How long i they will remain ao if taken from the present j holders and the country cot into small blocks remains to be proved. And now I most leave it for your readers to judge whether there is aty foundation for tbe statements made not only outside but in Par liament, that the squatters have held the cu?btry for years and done nothing wish it Can any one after reading this aay ttey have not improved the land that was principally a dry waste before they took it up? What would it bam bean now it they had not taken it in hand? Whan hay? the proceed*of the last 15 to 20 years gout: Why, it has bsen spent oa the lands to the benefit of Crown aad country generally. After all this, ao coon at the lower portion of the country was improved, it was handed over to the fatntr. who ia many cases not only ruined bianaett, but the laud alto, by duatmj. it?the natural bush that grew on it, and with out which tbe country U of little use ; and now before the farther out country is completed it is proposed to take it away, and s?t?ven give the men who have spent ao much tuna, money, and labor on it a ghost of a Dhanoe to take np a sew lease, I would remind your readetathat bad it not been for the actioa of tbe Qovern n?tit the work of improving would stall be goitg on. Yea, there is much more to be done, and hundreds of man would bow he em ployed ie work that is still maoessary, to My nuiMog of the destruction of vermin. Bat all <U?waa stopped some few years oaefc, and with good wwsaa. Far instance, a mast luces by resumption the best pact of bis run; the remainder be holds on an annual lease. Is it to be a opposed that he is going to do any thing in the way of improving these annual leases, or is it likely he is going to the expense of destroying the verauin, when he has at bis back such as the hundreds of Oaveosgh, Paratoo, Mimbuna, aad others, all of wbton have bees nicely laid oat ia stations for bo other apparent reason but to form breeding nests for kangaroos, rabtriU, wild dogs, Jto. Aad further, outside of Hume, is it likely a lunholder will trouble himself wnea he knows that in a year or two at most he mutt retire? So; be reasonably says "The vermin are increasing on the Govern ment lands. I snail shortly have to remove any stock, therefore all that is necessary for me to do is to do my best to keep what I have alive for the remainder of ny term, and than shift to goodness know* where, or othenme sell my stock at a very great sacrifice, sad thea lo^ back with regnt at the thousands I have laid out in improvements." He will natu rally say to Limself—"So mash for ray past yean of labor. Hen sn my houses, woolfehads, fences, &c;, aU now in good repair. I am now to get nothing for them, aad, wane etfll, in a few yean they will be like* others already takes ever by Government, a mass of neglected rmaa." Tnu has been the past experience, and I sse no reason to expect any improvement of the past in this line. It steads to reason that appliauoea te quired for the carrying oa of a station with 60,000 sheep would be too laege for * naaa holdiag a block oa which he can oily carry fromB,oooto3.ooo whoop; as it must be v patent to all, seeing that toe country as it is will only cany about 60 sheep to the mile, that 10,000 acres or ? square miks will only carry about 1,6X0. There fore be snnat select blocks without these improvements; consequently thise on which hos?eateada, Ac, are situated will be left sole, and will soon go to tack. Therough?reountry must also be rat out, and bear in mind there m plenty of this in the north-east I have already stated that I took the management of Boot coomatu in 1871; then that run only had on it 18,000 aheep. We then did aomennprove meata, but only ia the water supply. In 1874 the iun was sold with 88,090 sheep, and in 1&75 the work of fencing and generally improving commeiiced, since which tone X q*>?"M not like to even bint at the amount of money that has been spent on it as also on the adjomiag rnas.Outalpa, Bimbowrie, Kooaaarore, Ouraa snoona, sad others, and it is only donas; the last eight yean that Kooiumon76ate^*,aad Montaroo made assart Have these peoatehad sufficient time to' ceoover their outlay ? Mo, they have not Is it fair to the nan who have ?pent so much capital and labor in improving the lands of tbe State? Isitfair.uitnason able, to take these runs away and not give the owners sufficient tune to neover the money ao ?pent? I say, as any conscientious reader will also say, it is not farr. Let our legislators, our Govframeatonrp?onVgnnfrallyreennsidartfae question, and rek* all these north-eastern runs as they are at reasonable natal on long uses, with a certain and secure fixture of tenure, the tenant to improve the run and destroy vermin. At tin same tune the Government const destroy or cause to be destroyed vermin on all lands held by small holders, roads, com monage. fee Tbeo, and not tffl then, will prosperity return to this part of theoouatrr. Has it not already been proved by the Experi mental Fenu at Maneaaill, the aite of wsioh was selected by Goreromsntexpsrtsaad wbuh was kept going at very considerable cost for ? come three ye?cs a that farming osaaot ba curied on then to advMlam? YhM whr teUc ofagricnttanlaadpMtoMibloak*? fewaotsfe. Ondoubtedlr ??eh Hocks will be btea up, tat bow long will it be faefom the bolder is rained? Mid then the land will be thrown back on the Grown with whatever improve mento tbe original squatter left destroyed or otherwise allowed to go to rack, and above ttt. tte Government wul then have to step in and kill tbe vermin. Just for a moment take a glance at the MBonat of waste country in xtoolcoomatta, Bimbowrie, Outalpa, and Oal nina, in fact all the runs. Gould any man holding a email block of country afford to pay as at present for all this waste? No, be could not. Then what about the vermin? The Government must kill it, and if they do not, we that hold the better land will hays an cr ease for not doing it also. Another thing. What would a small holder do in the event of there being no water fit for domeatie purposes, it being well known that the majority of the welb are brackish, betides running as deep aa 800 feet? For instance, on fioolcoomatta then is only one really fresh well, sad only ose other fie for such use. Torn it which way yon like the country is only fit to be held as it is, and should be, if they can be inclined to retake it, held by the present holder*. Undoubtedly the north-east will become a vast mineral country, trat with this subject I have no inten tion of dealing; but beyond this it never has been and never will be fit for any thing other than sheep runs. Now lot us take a glance at what this country has cost the Crown while in the occupation of the squatters. Further than a few wells and dams, sunk prin cipally for the benefit of the importation of stock from New Sooth Wales, simply nothing. Tnesqaatteratookthecoanbrasit was, with- " out water and without assistance, and wilt now leave it a well' Watered country. Tttey have obtained their walls without tb? aid of geolo gists ; they have opened up the country gene rally and entirely on their own account as it stands at the present day. Than how uitin j the hundreds as soon as taken up there comes the cry of deputations? A horse falls down a well—a deputation; a few have taken dry sections — a deputation for a well or dun; a few want a road cleared of a few stamps—a deputation ; a bucket falls down, or a well wants ?>?—??g. or a few abbs of timber replaced—a deputation; in fact, nothing but incflssant deputations to the Com missioner of Crown Lands. And so it will be when the country is cut into small blocks. First a well, then ? dam, then a road; one thing after another; and with all this the ex- ! pense of cutting?n,&o.; l thecoat, tomymind, will very considerably outweigh any extra profit that might be shown on Government estimates. Before concluding I wish to make ' a few remarks, first of all with reference to | Paratoo. Mnch has beea said about Sir ! Thomas Elders large holding then. This : has not only been spoken of outside, but in ParUaomant, by certain wtwnhnrs, who evidently do not know what they talk of, and to my mind are very unlikely subjects to benefit the oountry, whatever they may do for their own pockets. Now let me ask your readers, is there any harm in a man "bavin* tbe mr—in- of renting haU-ado?sn farms? And also fa* me fell them that tins much coveted property formerly comprised no less < than 11 different smaller runs, the holders of which not having tbe mrans ware glad to sell theirleasesto Sir Thomas, whs has laid out thousands upon thousands in improving them. Has he not been a credit to 800 th Aim- i trail*? Has be not done more and invested more money on dry lands of the Crown than any other man, and is he not ebll doing the came? In order to be enabled to sink more permanent dams or reservoirs where weJfe could not be obtained did he not at very great cart introduce tbe steam ac?op and plough? Has be not been our great Eqnattiog pioneer? and with what reward? So be backbitten by the ignorant and turned out by tbe Crown, from whom he should re ceive every encouragement. For years past has be stuck to it, and would no doubt still continue; bat after all beis to lose hts leases without even an offer otherwise, wfatofa Edonot hesitate to say have never actually paid him. This is one case. I could mention many mare j but my wish is to avoid mentioning namsa, and therefore apologias for having i???ti<nwfl Sir Thomas here. I should not have done so had I not seen and heard it mentioned so often by people who dojiot know the teal facts of the case. And now comes tbe valuation. How is tins to be doe*? From my own knowledge of the work that is before ths valuators it is nigh tuns it was commenced, if it is to be earned oat fairly to all parties. There is a tresnendosw lot to be done, and a very lacwe efaetem of country to be traversed, aad all nut be complete by the end of 1688. Then how is ths valne to be arrived at? We are at present led to believe that building*, fences, Arc, that have coat so much are to be struck ont and only wafer improvements paid for. But how is it tobedoot? Is the original east to betaken, or the present value of wall or dsm as they stand. Or is the aetaal value of sash water improvement to be takes ? That—what value ?at the country without each water; what value ii it now with the watering places on it; acd what is to oonctitats a snter improvement? X should say everything attachable to well or dam, and all wells, no matter how amall the suppiieo, whether at pieat at in use or not. The whole at this, as it appears to me at muwaL is a difficult problem and I fear will prove still mans so before baiog satisfactorily arranged. We shall not hear the last rt tbe 1888 leases for a bit and a??oou as they axe settled then win come ti* 1890,91, and to on. Consequently under our present laws, Tuilfinr imm^n^y attend, it wuTbe one evetlasting cquabble. The other day a member of Parliament asked aae how it was that the kangaroos wen so thick in the north-east, through part of which he bad s just bad a ttip. Be said that daring his journey he saw more kangaroos than sheep. He also —?????fcil on the ooautiv being so bare even on the hills, and the boshes eattu off as high as a sheep could reach. Surely this question is easily answered, seeing that the country which at its best will oeiy carry a limited number of sheep has now to carry about 10 kangaroos, besides rabbits and wallabies, to every sheep. Bonny and Mr. Kangaroo are always on the look-out for the young grass when it springs, and keep that j out of sight, and all that U left for the sheep is the bush, which if things go on as they are wflf soon be played out, and the sheep *tip^ an 89 valuable to **"* colony will coon be like their ptesont owners, played out also. The best thing my friend the nLF. rv do is to immediately bring &*im matte* before the House, and state what he fen seen himself; nottaikaboutttosquatted overstocking their runs with sheep, but point oat to bis colleagues and the Government the necessity of immediately taking wrtinai in so important a matter. It is the action of tbe Goveraibent that is causing tbe country to be overran with vermin and driving the heart oat of the squatters who have done so much for the country. Let them frame a new Act relating to Crown lands, end let the oonntry on liberal terms, mad see how soon tbe vermin that is ruining the country will vanish. All the unemployed that will leave the street comers will find employment, and a fair yearly revenue from Crown lands will come in. Let this be done and then, and not until then, will prosperity return to ua.— I am, &c.;, RICHD. DEWDNEY, Mitcham, August 29, 1887. ?W Fine old South Australian Port and Bherry, pure and unadulterated.—'Wilkinson and Mason, 71, King Wubam?bnet. SlwaaSSS 