The Abvertiser WEDNESDAY, MAT 4, 1887. The report of the Government-Resident of the Northern Territory for the half-<*> year finding December 31 has been re- <*> ceived by the Minister of Education. It is late in making its appearance, bat little harm will result from that, and in view of the very favorable character of the report one is disposed to forgive any short comings in connection with ita prepara tion. Mr. Panooa most have sat down to write his report with a light heart. He had progress to record nearly every where —in pastoral settlement, in mining, in trade, in shipping, and of course hi the extension of public works. The only features in the report which are not de cidedly encouraging relate to agriculture and the aborigines, and in respect to them Mr. Panons considera that only legislation la required to make everybody happy and comfortable. It ianoticeablethat the report is not prepared on the aame lines as its predecessors, upon which it is an im provement. Comparisons cannot conse quently be instituted in all cases, but taking the report throughout it is suffi ciently explicit to enable the public to obtain a good idea as to how the Northern Territory is progressing. Naturally particulars as to the occupation of land have the first place in the report. The area of the Northern Territory is about 535,000 square miles, of which no less than 270,000 square miles are held by pastoral leaaees. There are also 1,000 miles reserved for aborigines, 45 mOes held for mineral purposes, and 28 miles under credit leases, while 015 miles have been sold. There remains therefore unoccupied country to the extent of about 258,000 square miles. In considering the ques tion as to how the pastoral country is stocked, a satisfactory increase is shown, but it is not clear that the con ditions of the leases have been com piled with. The terms of stocking are very easy, namely, ten head of small or two head of Urge cattle to the square mile. Now the area of land declared to be stocked is 183,883 square miles, so that there ought to be at least 307,766 large cattle, or an equivalent in large and small cattle, now depasturing, but on turning to the report of the Inspector of Stock we find that he estimates the number of stock in the Territory at the end of the year as follows:—Sheep, 50,500; homed cattle, 163,070; and hones, 7.0G0. Taking huge cattle as a basis these figures aggregate 182,030, or sufficient to stock only half the land, the holders of which are declared to have complied with the terms of their leases. It is true the stock inspector states that his estimate is probably much below the actual number on account of importations of which he received no notice, but allowing a wide margin for these there is still a disagree able ipf*?v?n?w to be drawn from this portion of the report. Mr. Panons refers to the destruction of cattle by natives on the eastern stations, and also to the mortality from a disease known aa " red water," which shows itself in cattle travelling from the Roper to the King river. Otherwise squatters have been successful in their operations with stock. " The great activity In mining mattem during the half-year, and the stronger confidence now felt in the mineral future of the Territory, Mr. Parsons attributes chiefly to the geological examination and report made by the Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods. It ia clear that there haa been a very marked advance in mining enterprise, for the exports of minernln total up to a value of £48,677, while in the previous half year they were only worth £24,424. Gold occupies the foremost place, no leu than 10,879 ounces having been sent away, aa against 6,610 ounces in the first six months of the year. Some of the reefs in the Territory must be exceedingly rich. From one chum no less than 360 ounces were obtained from 30 tons of quartz, and the owner of another has a cake of about a fhn'iw""* ounces ready for the Jubilee Exhibition. The chief warden of gold fields, Mr. C. W. Nash, makes a bitter complaint against the Chinese workers on the goldfields, the majority of whom, he thinks, live by theft, which is carried on to a very great extent, "l am sure," he says, " I am expressing the wish and hope of every employer of labor on the goldfields that some other labor will be brought, so that we are not at the mercy of the whim and caprice of a people who are so thoroughly at variance with all notions and ideas of decency, order, and law-abiding British people.' The workings for silver, tin, and copper are spoken hopefully of by the Go vernment Resident. As to agricul ture, as before indicated opera tions have not been entirely successful, the principal failure being in the sugar plantations. Mr. Brandt, the chief cul tivator of sugar, is however gifted with a large stock of perseverance, and he will no donbt eventually succeed in profitably working his land. The coffee plants and indiarnbber tzees at tfi? Beatrice bills are fortunately thriving, and we may expect to see a good sample of coffee from the Territory at the Jubflee EiMbltion. Mr. Parsons suggests that European agricul turists ehould be attracted to the Terri tory by the offer of land on cheap terms, and if necessary the payment of liberal bonuses. He refers to the action of ..the West Australian Government in grant ing to one individual no leaa than 100,000 acres of land on the condi tions that within eleven years £100,000 is spent on the land, that 10,000 tons of sugar are manufactured, and that 1,000 Europeans are settled ; and expresses an opinion that under such conditions land is advantageously alienated from the State. It is hardly likely that our Go vernment would not be willing to concede terms for the settlement of land equally as favorable as those granted by Western Australia, but there is a difficulty in getting capitalists to come forward. Eu- i couragement has already been offered for the growth of sugar in the Territory, but the results have not equalled expectations. With reference to the cultivation of rice, upon which the duty was lately raised, Mr. Parsons states that some Chinese merchants are making enquiries for land. He thinks, however, it should be settled by distinct enactment that land should only be leased to immigrants from the Celestial Empire. i Mr. Parsons waxes eloquent when he deals with the aboriginal tribes of the Territory, and he launches out into a sea of ethnological conjecture. " What axe we to do with them and for them 1 Can their inveterate nomadism be eradicated ? Can they be civilised ? Can they be made industrious cultivators of the soil, and so produce the food they require when then game preserves are gone, and the white man's herds and flocks have possession of hill and plain and riverside 5" Experience should be able to find answers to these questions. Though superior in intelli gence to the tribes of southern Australia, the Northern Territory natives are of a low racial standard. Take away their animal strength and cunning and there is little left to compare, say with the Maoris or the New Caledonia husbandmen. Sad as the fact is, it may be taken for granted that the aborigines cannot be made " industrious cultivators of the soil," and when their game preserves are gone the whites must protect them as far as possible while they follow the exampleof otherlow races anddie out under the subtle ' Influence of civilisation. In *t?i? ?ofn. time, according to Mr. Paraons'a report, the whites have to be very careful lest they themselves are first sent into the next world by means of atone tomahawks orwaddies. As to the Chinese, the report states tiiat It was a source of uni-| venal regret in the Territory that the Bill for placing a poll tax of £10 on Chinese was thrown out by the Legislative Council. There are now some 4,000 Chinese In the Territory, of whom 1,200 reside in Palmeraton, and Mr. Parsons does not seem to have a very high opinion of this portion of the population under his rule. The statistical tables at the end of the report show that the imports into the Territory for die half year were valued at £138,431, being an increase of £52,900 over the total of the corresponding period in the previous year, whQe the exports amounted to £38,000, compared with £57,000 for the latter half of 1885. The harbor at Port Darwin was visited by 82 vessels of all kinds as against 40 in the preceding half year. The spectacle presented in Europe at this moment of 5,000,000 men or more standing armed at the cost of hundreds of millions a year in perpetual readiness for mutu; J destruction has supplied a text for many sermons; and moralists are never tired of dwelling on the benefits to science, refinement, and humanity that would accrue from the diversion of this enormous expenditure of labor and wealth into other channels. Even when war is not the outcome of mere greed of conquest, restless military pride, or national jealousy and resentment—when it la undertaken at the stern bidding of necessity, under a grave sense of duty, and with as few motives as possible of the lower kind, it can never be regarded without regret and misgiving. It Is not many weeks since John Bright, in eloquent denunciation of the military burdens which stifle the in dustrial growth of nations, told us that an unnecessary or unjust war, be its motives disguised as they may, was a "very great crime," though it is not essential to agree ment on this point to endorse his accom panying proposition that every war Is un- | just and unnecessary. War is not to be j defended, as some think, because it brings out many noble and manly qualities, for j this would imply that no means are afforded by the circumstances of ordinary life for the expression of these admirable traits wherever they may be latent. Heroism may bedlsplayed apartfrom the pomp andglitter and excitement of martial glory ; but on the other hand it is impossible to deny that war has its picturesque side, and honor paid to the akllful commanders and brave soldiers who perform their duty with vigor and thoroughness is not without Us appropriateness and value. And from the standpoint of nations them selves wax cannot always be condemned, for it may be waged in a cause that would rob it of half its evO. The weak point in Mr. Bright'u position is his steady refusal to recognise war as justifiable under any circumstanoes, or to admit the possibility of anything worse than war. The votaries of the creed of peace at any price were never many, and far from the spread of education adding to their number it has had the reverse effect by teaching the lesson which civilisation impresses on individuals, that linmiliaHmi and tjintuwinr are more dreadful than physical suffering and loss. But when all this has bean said there must still remain in the "n"?fl? of tfiowfl who look at the natter from a humane standpoint reflectfona, tinged with, sadness and despair. There is much In war and warlike display and enthusiasm which after all does not very readily harmonise with the teaching and spirit of the times, and much which jars upon our sense of the Christian aim with a painful shock of Incongruity. Toe real nature and significance of war are apt to be overlooked amid the excitement parade of a military triumph. Its "dra matic and decorative accessories," which, so sadden Mr. Ruskin, constitute its chief attractions, and Mr. Bright's protest com mands wide assent so far as It refers to the popularity attaching to the clang of martial music, the flashing of weapons, and the measured tramp of highly equipped and disciplined battalions. If we assume with Raskin that war is popular because it is "decorative and dramatic, 9' it is natural to ask whether these characteristics are confined to this special form of expenditure, and whether hey might not apply to some better service rendered for humanity. The alleviation of pain and misery, theeztension of enlighten ment and education, and generally the in crease of the sum of human happiness, are, perhaps too prosaic and commonplace as methods of investment for the labor and capital devoted to warlike purposes to be recommended with any confidence. But a scientific achievement has been pro posed by a French ??nln?ir!A for the employment of the millions of men and money devoted now to the objects of strife that certainly Is not open to these objections, whatever others may attach to it. M. Camille Flammarion nft" borrowed an idea from the pages of Jules Verne, whose scientific imaginings have indeed been more than once realised, notably in the construction of a submarine passenger-boat. The French scientist has mapped out a scheme for exploring the centre of the earth. With the armies of Europe and the money that supports them he would dig a shaft in a diagonal direction as many miles deep as would suffice to set at rest the problem as to the nature of the earth's Interior which still perplexes the scientific world. Wemaysmileatthesnggestionas fanciful, and say that its authorship is only possible to a compatriot of the writer who made so free as did Jules Yeme with the universe generally ; but on sober reflection there will be food for speculation as to what limitless capital and labor properly ap plied might not accomplish? The con etructionof the Panama canal will be as that of the Suez canal was. a great achievement, but [not a subject for surprise; and the proposed tunnel under the water dividing England from France was regarded as an ordinary work of engineering. No one doubts that the human race if stimulated by adequate motive could partly rearrange the earth's conformation, shifting mnnn^lm and creating new seas ; and what is to prevent the fulfilment of the dream with which At. Flammsxlon has been entertaining Paris provided only that sufficient time, money, and energy be applied ? It was a matter of regret with Sir William Dawson at the hut meeting of the British Association *^??t \--we possessed only a theoretical knowledge of the earth's interior except for 5,000 feet or more of the crust. Is the earth's inte rior, as supposed for generations, a purely liquid mass—or as now believed a perfect ?olid with a molten layer which separates It from the surface ? The solution of the question would be of intense human inte rest, throwing light as It would on many other problems; but it Is to be feared that it will remain indefinitely longer in obscurity before the armies of Europe at the bidding of science dis card their ?words and bayonets for picks and shovels. M. Flammarion'a project might be open to the objection commonly applied to irJiemes of polar research; but at least It will be agreed that whether the end in view would or would not compen sate for the outlay, it would contrast favorably with the employment of men for the mere purpose of destruction and slaughter. War may not, as Mr. Bright says, be the greatest evil, but it Is at best a miserable necessity—representing brute force directed by intelligence, but still brute force. As an instrument of justice its work is notoriously rough and imper fect, for the stress of the Buffering and burden which "it entails usually falls on those who are least responsible^ directly and indirectly for the wrongs which it is intended to redress. As long, however, as war is admitted to be a necessity the armies of the world will continue, and philanthropists will plead in vain for sup port in the nobler task of enlightening, elevating, and oomfortang mankind. The prospectus of the new South Australian loan was issued in London on Tnesday, and the tenders will be receivable on the 10th inrt. As determined by Parliament in the last session the amount is for £850,000, and the minimum has been fixed at £101, the interest, of course, being 4 per cent The in terest will date from April 1. Of the loan 5 per ocnt. is to be paid on application, 20 per cent, on May 20, 25 per cent, on June 17\. and 50 per cent, on July 12. The Trea surer (Hon. J. C. Bray) has reoeived a cable gram from the Aeent - General stating that the prospects of the loan are good. No definite arrangements have been made with the Associated Banks in Adelaide with regard to placing the loan money, and in the event of the negotiations falling through the Govern ment will probably arrange to leave the money with London banks on abort notice. A meeting of the ladies'committee appointed on Monday to consider the resolutions passed in reference to the establishment of a *' women's Queen 'Victoria Jubilee fund" and the proseu- ! tation of a congratulatory address to her Majesty the Queen was held in the City Council chamber on Tuesday afternoon. It was arranged that the resolutions proposed by that meeting should be laid before a represen tative meeting of women, to be convened at an early date in the Town Hall. The Mayor has consented to preside, and as he is about to pay a visit to the other colonies the mt* wifi be held on his return. A meeting of the Twmmfttofi appointed by the public meeting recently held concerning the commemoration of the Queen's Jubilee in this colony, to arrange the ctetaOs of the pro posed schools demonstration, was held in the Town Hall buDdings on Tuesday after noon, Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P. (Mayor of Adelaide}, hfj^^y in the chair. After "w-fr discussion it was decided that the demonstra tion should be held on Montefiore Hill, and that tiie radius, from the schools within which the children to take part in the demon stration should come, should be as follows:— From Port Adelaide down to Glenelg, thence through Brighton around the foot of the hills, to Paradise, and behind Dry Greek to the Port fiiver. The following oommittee was appointed to take charge of the arrangements for the demonstration:—Hon. M. Salom, M.11.C., the Bey. M. OBullivan, Meast?, J.fA. Hartley, L. G. Madley, J. L. Bonython, F. Chappie, and J. H. london. It was determined that no children under the age of 7 years should take part in the demonstration. In the course of .the discussion Mr. Hartley stated that the number of State scholars included within the radius mentioned was about 12,600. It is stated on good authority that the Hon. G. C. Hawker will be the leader of the Opposi tion in the House of Assembly. Writing on May 2 with reference to the "ghost," particulars of which were published last week, our Ctadook correspondent says:— "Trooper Mitchell and si* others from this place started at about 3 o'clock yesterday after noon for the haunted cottage. They arrived there about sundown, and found the place deserted, the windows and doors being fastened np. The trooper and another of the party stayed all night, but heard nothing. lashe morning on (boil way home they sac Mr, and Mm. Hamdorf, and the faaoper had so inter view with them. They ue thoroughly eon vmced that there is something mprf unearthly ?boot tie place, Mid promised him that if ha ame down again they would accompany him with the little girl and stay in the place at night to give him c very chance of hearing what, goes on. They state that the little girl used to sit on an empty birdcage in the hat, and that the knocking could be distinctly heard inside the cage no matter where it was placed. When she was sitting a) the table the noise was heard, underneath. It in the intention of the trooper if possible to visit the house again very shortly accompanied by Mr. and Mrs. HamdorL" The 8.M.8. Clyde left Albany for Adelaide at 7 p-m. on Monday, May 2. She may be ex pected to reach Glenelg at about 10 or 12 o'clock on Thursday night. Tha cases of Six and others v. TTrmiAr, and Cogan v. Copui, which were set down for heaiing on Tuesday morning in the Supreme Court were adjourned at the request of counsel onto, the Civil Sittings in July. Mr. W. A, Horn, M.P., presente 'to fte Com missioner of Grown Lands on Tuesday a peti tion from more than two fifths of the rate payers residing in Port Augusta Weat, prayimr that Oat locality might be created a muni cipality. The .Commissioner said the petition would be gazetted in the usual way. when it would have his consideration. The annual report of the Industrial School fortim Blind, to be presented at Che annual entertainment to-morrow, was considered by the committee on Monday. A donation of £25 from Mr. £. P. Dufiot, D.D.sITwaT re ported. An interesting exhibition by the blind workers will be given in the Town W?ii to-morrow afternoon, and a concert in which their string hand will assist will take place in the evening. The Warmambool correspondent of tha Melbourne Age telegraphed to that paper on Snnday: — A fatal ?/wt: happened at Allensford on Saturday, whereby a youth named Philip Carroll, aged 16, lost his life. He was standing outside an hotel with several others, and had a single-barrelled gun loaded and capped in his hand. He zested it on the ground with the muzzle facing upwards, when it accidentally exploded, the charge entering his neck, making a fearful wound. He ex pired U mfamtes afterwards. An ad joumed meeting of those interested in forming a reading-room for Maylands was held in that locality on Monday evening, Mr. J. S. Stoyel being m the chair. It was 'fcyi'qfrfl to form "The Maylaads Social Society," and 30 members ware enrolled, and the following officers were elected:—Secretary and treasurer, Mr. F. Steinwedd; committee, Messrs. Clan, Mildren, Bettfe. WHdy, and Young. After some additional business had been transacted the meeting was adjourned. The mantblymeeting of the committee of be South AttHtralian Horticultural and Floricol tural Society was held at the Chamber of Manufactures on Tuesday afternoon, lax. F. S. C.Drimeld being in the chair. There was a fair attendance. The judges' reports on the recent chrysanthemum show ware read and ordered to be brought before tha sub- committee when arranging the next prize list. It was also reported toat the takings at this show had been £6110s. Mr. Molineux stated that he bad collected several rams of money for prizes for annuals to be exhibited at be asked to give these amounta fa the eub crnnmiUrte appointed tp^aQot the prizes at the shows mentioned. ? The following partic lars are given in the annual report of the Narracoorte Hospital, which will be submitted to a meeting of sub- Bcribers to be held at Narracoorte to-day:— Daring the year 134 patients were treated. 107 males and 27 females; 4,016 beds were made np: there was a daily average of 11*07 patients, and the average cost per patient was £74 3s. 2d. The average cost for Mi*ini?im?M only was £24 14s. The ordinary subscnptians amounted to £317 15s. 4d., while in the pre vious year tile sum was £424 7s. 6d. Thepay ments made in respect of grant-in-aid were £701 9b. 3d., which included arrears of £813 19a. 7d. The total expenditure was £89135. 6d., or £270 lie. Id. less than the previous year. The principal savings were made on the following lfawnf ?-WihiiMi? m jggg j^ fid.; medicalcomforts, £9 6s. 3d.; wages, S/B 2s. Bd.; fuel and light,|£4o lit 2d.; ahdinci dental expenses, £Sol9s. 7d. The "wm?ily meeting of the Irish National loagne was held on Monday evening. The president (Mr. W. Dixon) occupied the chair, and stated that in acoordanoe wafa a resomtioa carried at a pieiiuus meeting the amcuUva council had forwarded a draft for £230 to the treasurer of the league in Dublin. The honorary secretary (Mr. P. Whelan) and himself had waited on Mr. F. B. freehfll, M.A. (president of the league in Sydney), who had recently been etayingatthe York Hotel, and bad been in formed that the league was in a flourishing state in the mother colony. Mr. FreehOl promised to present the fllmninatei address from tiie Adelaide Irishmen to tbeEad of Aber deen on bis arrival in Sydney. Sevenlmembera bore testimony to the frTceflence of the work which was gratuitously executed by the Dominican nuns at Oabra. Several new mem bers were admitted, amongst whom were four Catholic clergymen. After some business of a tontine character been tranwartnd u? "Typhoid fever appears to have secured a> stronghold upon the community," writes the Melbonme.4j7?of MayS. "From day to day 5 to 30 new cases are reported to the Central Board of Health, and there is no sign of any abatement of the fever, which moreover a not confined to one district or a particular comer of the colony, but is prevalent in all parts. On Saturday 86 new cases were reported to the board, incradingthe weekly returns from the Alfred Hospital and the Geelonglnfirmary. In the former institution 20_paaents were admitted as Tinder:—From KewTS; South Yarra.2; Hawthorn. 2; Fort Melbourne, 3; IfQlsdahil; Yarra Flats, 1; North Fitzroy, bourne. 1; fimHirifl, 1; South sj?n*?iny^ X; Prahran, 1; Baehmond, 1; Mooneo Fonda, 1; Armidale, L Into the Geelong Infirmary 11 pmti?wfat int nflmitvffll Htniw^ Uia week—-Fcoid Geelong, 6; Connewazre, 3 ; ChilwelL 1; BeUarine East, 1; Steftitz, 1; Gamperdown. L The Central Board have also been informed of a fatal case at Carlton, and another at West Melbourne. Two non-fatal cases are reported from Smvthesdale, and 1 from Donald." The following is a copy of the report received by the S.A. Ostrich Company from the manager of the Ostneh Fane, Port Augusta, dated April 28:—"I am glad to report nice rain having fallen Anting the """"^h. 1*935 inches having fallen to date. Feed is growing fast; and I hope very soon to be able to cease feeding any of the buds. lam aowextending the cultivation ground and sowing lucem. I think about 4 acres will be as much as the water available will irrigate. The quantity of water available, without KmaAmg the guarantee, is 3,000.000 gallons. Deducting from this 160,000 gallons for stock will leave 1,840,000 for irrigation, sufficient to give 30 inches per acre to the crop of four acres in addition to the rainfall. I find lucem superior to any other fodder plant for cultivation here, having tried rape, thousand-head cabbage, prickly oomfrey, and sorghum. AH plants of the cabbage tribe are destroyed by blight in summer, and sorghum, cut in its young suc culent state, I do not think is as nutritions as lucem. There are 31 eggs in the paddock, one nest being due to hatch out next week. All the breeding birds-are either laying or iraking nests, and the rain we have lost had will set the birds in the big paddock laying, so that 1 hope soon to have me inoo batoro fulL" The proposal Oat the unemployed should be heard by a representative at the bar of the Legislative Assembly was negatived in the Assembly last night tarn the Sydney Momma Herald of April SO). The Premier, hi opposing the proposal, argued that if it were agreed to it would result in no good purpose, and would be a very dangerous precedent against the proper conduct of Parliamentary lmninnss. Kef erring to the condition of the unemployed, he said the Government were endeavoring to open up some public works, which otherwise would not have been dealt with for some time, for the purpose of providing the men with legitimate employment. In the meantime in structions had been given to assist any ease which might border upon absolute starvation, or where extreme suffering to women or young children occurred. Temporary employment to the fullest extent of the power of the Govern ment bad hitherto been found, aad if the matter were left in the hands of the Government he had reason to believe that in a little time the greater part of the unemployed would be drafted off into channels where they ought in a proper manner earn subaatence fortoem- Belves. All bad been done that under the difficult circumstances of the case could be done. The ftfftinffl general meeting of the S.A. Poultry Society was held atthe Sir John Barley corn on Tnesday evening, Mr. E. C. Gwynne presiding over a jtood attendance. Xho soc retary(Mr. Kippist) read the halation ?sheet, which showed—Tofonner bft 1"*"", £6 7s. Bd.; subseription?,&c.;,£2BSl7s.-£89545.8d. By expenditure, £292 Bs.; balance m bank, £316 m, ==£§S4s7Bd. The assets were £M 6 18s. 6d.; liabilities, niL The statement was adopted, after which some alterations in the rules of the society were proposed by Mr. CresweU. The name of the society was altered to "The South Australian Poultry and Dog Society," the number of vice-ptesidenta was reduced to five, and some other minor changes wereeffected. It was agreed that the date for holding the annual enow should be left to the committee, a motion fixing on August 6 and 6 bang negatived. The officers and oommittee werei elected as follows s —Patron, his Bxcellency the Governor; presi- M.P. (Mayor of Adelaide), A. Lindsay, C. Peacock, and W. F. Stock, M.P.; hon. tteaenrer, Mr. W. K. Bagshaw; committee, Messrs. 6. Laoghton, W. H. Pengelley, E. S. Brown, Z. H. Sanders, J. Creawell, W. Colyer, ?T. H. Shug, B. W. Everett, T. Ayera, andT. W. Babbage. The monthly meeting of the Hindmanh School Board of Advice was held in the local public school on Tuesday evening. There were present Messrs. Ashton (chairman), T. Hark uess, fi. Hunwick, 3. N. Birks, and the Hon. John Pickering. M.L.C., and Mr. J. H. H. Vockins, snperintendent of school visitors. The chairman reported that he and others had waited on tie Minister of Education with reference to the necessity for additional ac commodation at tie Woodvffle public school. The Minister of Education took a favorable ?view of the matter, and promised, provided the expense would aot to too great that the school should be enlarged. It was decided in future to make applicants for the free education of their children appear before "the board in person. Committees were formed for tie pur pose of planting trees in Bchool ground?. 5Se following statistics for the quarter ending April 1 were presented r—Brompton School- Credit balance, £20; scholars on the register, 363; average attendance, 234; free scholars present, 150. Grange School—Credit balance, £6 19s. Bd.; scholars on tie register, 52; average attendance, 32: free scholars, 4. Hindmanh School—Credit balance, £10 12& Cd.; scholars on the register, 959; average attendance. 629; free scholars present, 399. Woodvflle School—Credit balance, £10 7s. Bd.; scholars on tie register, 285; average atten dance, 185; free scholars present, 31, The twenty-sixth half-yearly meeting of the Boyal Bonding Society was held at the office of tiie society, in flinders-street, on Tuesday evening, May 3. Mr. W. Shierlaw presided over a good attendance of shareholders. The report of the directors contained the follow ing:—"Whilst the total sabscription? for the year show a considerable decrease when com pared with the previous year, yet for the past caxmonths they show an increase, and compare favorably with the previous half year. The directors have again wramiiMrt very carefully the whole of the securities held by tie society, sod after foil allowance for any appa rent contingent losses which may have to be sustained, an in a position to declare a profit of 3s. per share, which with the interim amount of 3s. 6d. at the end of the previous half-year makes a total of 6s. 6d. per share for the year." The rnn""*""1! in moving tbe adoption of the ?report and balance sheet, stated that the ?society was in a thoroughly sound and healthy condition. The subscriptions for the past half - year bad exceeded those of the previous half year, and the withdrawals, which had amounted to £1,150 for tbe first half of tie year, had only reached £600 for the latter hall After Baying all claims there was a balance of several hundred pounds to their credit in tie bank, thus showing that the society's position had considerably improved. Several properties bad fallen into the directors'hands during the present year, but the board had in every in stance taken care either that the aecnrity fully represented the amount due upon it, or if there aras any apparent densency at the present ?valuation that an amount bad been set aside from the profits and placed to the credit of suspense account, winch now amounted to £575, before any profit was declared. Afterthe amount that was considered necessary had been appropriated a profit of 3s. per share for the half-year bad been divided. The motion was seconded by Mr. B. T. Barnard, and car ried. Messrs. W.Sbiedaw and A. W.Dobbie were elected directors, and tie present auditors mete re-appointed. Ounard'e Specialty Union repeated their amusing entertainment at Garner's itsoms on Tuesday night, when the leading performers, inrfnifoig the infant, Daisy, were all well applauded for their several acts. The same programme wQI be presented this evening. fib Excellency the Governor and suite attendedthe Theatre Royal on Tuesday even ins; to witness the roprasantitinn of the "Forty Thieves." There was a fair house throughout, and tie management have kindly devoted 20 per cent of the gross proceeds to tie Strangers' Friend .and Charity Organisa tion Society. Tbe monthly meeting of the St John's a?ihniMM%? Practice Clnb was held at afeadbacfa's restaurant on Tuesday evening. May S, when there was a good attendance of la^VM. mv. J. Bruce, the ??—??— for the evening, in a very able mannw tested tie members of tie ebb in practical work, all of which was gone through in very good style. A vote of thanks to Mr. Bruee brought a pleasant evening to a dose. Mr. H. Selway aras appointed examiner tor tbe next meeting. The different uuuranow companies transact ing bunnest in Adelaide will hold tbeir first pfenieto-day. For many ynara part the member* Sydney have indulged in a yearly outing generally to some convenient watering-place To-day tbe excursionists will journey by spe cial train to Blackwood, and on arrival thera mil find such enjoyment as can be derived from lawn tennis, cricket, football, quoits, and similar games. loincbeonand a "1 o'clock tea" ?rill also be provided in a large marquee to be erected on tie grounds. The movement has been cordially taken up'by all branches of JMnwiwi reprtsenled here, and the affair therefore should prove successful enough to imxrant its annual repetition. The day will be observed as a dose insurance holiday. Tbe si" 'Hfi wmt mA ?<^if-i in connection with the Adelaide Cricketing Association was held at fie Caledonian Hall on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance and Councuior TTlaimr, one of the vice-presidents, occupied the chair. The secretary of the nwnrintitm presented tbe report, which stated Hot the ?noon was in a flonriwhing condition, and that the ten clubs comprising it had played 214 matches during tie season. The cup competed for during the year had faDen to the Imperial Club, which bad ?cored 40 oat of a possible 42 points, the Botanic Parks being second on tie ' list with four points less. The association had commenced the year with a credit balance of £9, and tbe receipts for the year indenting this earn had been £34 Bs. 3d. The expenditure ha* been£236s. 6d.,leavmga balance in hand of £12 Is. Bd. The chairman presented tie trophy to the successful dub, and in doing so GompOmented them on their performances during tbe season. A well selected pro gramme of vocal and instrumental nrasic and zedtations was earned out byMrs. Opie, tbe louses McKenrie, M. It. Piper, and XL Bennett, and Messrs. J. Maddern. W. Bed man, J. Thompson, and Schmidt. During tbe evening Miss Myra St Clair danced a Highland reel very prettily, and an enjoyable entertainment was brought to a dose by a social dance. A lecture under the auspices of the Land nationalisation Society was delivered by Mr. 3\. Singer, in the refreshment-room of the Adelaide Town Hall, on Tuesday, the subject being ''Native mdastnes." Mr. HXL Berens occupied tbe chair, and there was a very good attendance, Mr. Singer explained that his lecture was a criticism on tie views expressed by the speakers at the recent meeting in the Sown Hall on tie establishment of local in dustries, which views he strongly condemned. Native industries should not be forced arti fidaHy, and if tie masses were allowed the use of tbeir birthright—land—industries of all sorts would follow naturally. The habit of looking to tie Government to assist in the establish ment of works and local industries was a per nicious one, and would tend to benefit a few interested persons. The av?tem of allowing a tew individual* to accumulate large area* of country to tie mrclnrion of the community was nothing less than robbery, and tbe aim of the land nationalists was to secure laws giving tie people tie free use of land, so as to enable them to furnish the requirements of their ?MnfliM and themselves without being ground down by monopolists as at present No man conld now obtain possession of a piece of land arithout being subjected to the extortionate demands of * set of mfririlnrnwn, and laud grabbers of all degrees should be forced to observe tie commandment, "Thou shatt not steaL" Mr. Singer's utterances were atten tively listened to. and two or three gentlemen present commended Mi advocacy of land natitTnaitftym .i**nrtrf"*"*ff *****-*"*"" jn?tifi??i in using strong language in dealing with the question, as mild words would attract no attention. The annul meeting of the Bank of Adelaide will be fceld tUs attenioaiL The annual meeting of tbe Rational Bank wfll be field at noon to-day. The annual meeting in connection with 8t Faul'a Church wiU be bdd this evening. The half-yearly meeting of the Wharf and land Company is to be hdd^hn morning. Tbe half-yearly social in connection with the Borwood Baptist Church is to take place this evening. Has CWJorman, tin Escaped; Him, win leotmre to night In the Town Ball on "How and why I escaped." The Bey. & Hebditsh wffl review the erittaUma recently made by Bishop Kennion upon hie address on the subject of Baugion in tbe State, in the lecture-hall of Use HJL Congregational Church this evening. 