METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. Thero is something in the selection of the Exhibition Commission which shows tbo strange tendency we bare here to rush ufter a fashion. No one will cavil at the appoint^'' ment of the President or Viee-Presidentfe but it must have amused those who bavSy jeen so much of Mr, John Bljth in pubiil since the present Ministry took oilier him amongst the chosen, and round for a reason for bis inclusion team. I suppoae Mr. Bjroa druwu into the circle because' possibly be done without. For aomo years Mr. B. Moore has been a fashion, and while this is the case it is very dangerous to speak' out, but nevertheless, one requires peculiar magnifying glasses to be able ta discover tho wisdom which is supposed to reside under his hat. I notice that while Melbourne is very largely represented on the Commission, Mr. Gillies has not remembered that tho termers should have some representation there as well as commercial and pastoral men and politicians. Moreover, why should the munioipal corporations be so ignored? TheBo bodias havo the means of furnishing most useful exhibits, and, to secure their active co-operation, it might bo well to ap point ono-cr more of the tewn .clerks of tho municipalities in aud around Melbourno to seals on the Commission. Tho Trades' Hall Council arc not a vory hippy family. Neither are they very grate ful or consistent oven towards each other. By a series of adroit manoeuvres Mr. Murphy, tho late secretary, has not only beeu de prived of office, but elbowed completely off the board. Now, Murphy bus dono yeoman service for the trades in bis time. Through his indefigablo exertions, the eight hours' movement has become general in the colony, and especially in Melbourne, aad his capacity for organising has been shown in connection with many serious strike?. Whatever may be said of his manners and private ambition, I do not believe he could bo charged with want of loyalty towards thoao whom he served, whilo tbo trifling remuneration granted him was a mere bagatelle. During his temporary absence from town, a meeting was held for the appointment of officers, nnd ho was passed over, and the society which he represented having collapsed, he is now occupying the position of a popular idol thrown from its pedestal in order that another, with less ability, but more of another quality, may be substituted. Then, as to consistency. What is to be thought of a public body that deliberately passes a resolution, condemnatory of the Melbourne Cent- nnial Exhibition, and whoso President, a few days afterwards, accepts a seat on the Boyal Commission and whote act is cordially endorsed by the very men who contended that the Exhibition was calculated to seriously damage the interests, of the working olasees in Victoria? Tremendous accessions to tbo colonial shoddy aristocracy are expected in connec tion with the forthcoming exhibitions. Mr. Gillies is aware of this and ia turning the situation to excellent account, politically speaking. Those who have returned from the Indo-Colonial Exhibition simplo 0. M. G's will be certain to be K.C.M.G.'b, and the common lot who swim in without a haft or small tail to their names, will have every show of securing the required adjunct. Sir Duncan Gillies will sound well, so will Sir ' Alfred Deakin, tho Gog and Magog of the the Conservative and Liberal parties in Vic toria, while rowdy Dow, C M.G., will look really grand. Professor Pearson scofTs at a title so long as he is allowed to draw his screw and write on I '"culcha" for the periodical press. The celebrated Jimmy Thompson attached to Mr. Bosisto's suite, is said to have provided himself with a Windsor uniform, so that he will be able to save time, expense, and trouble, •when requested to kneel down to receive some token of Her < Majesty's pleasure. Its a fine country, this. It seems likely that after a good deal of shilly-shallying we aro '.o have the Earl of Carnarvon onco more as Secretary of State for the Colonies. Thero is not much causa for illuminations or th& throwing up of hats, for the selection has fallen upon perhaps the most out and out Tory of tho Tory party, whose views could not possibly be in accor dance with colen'ea existing under Liberal government.. Bespecting the noble Eai-l, . this is what Vanity Fair said nearly twenty years ago: " He believes in the original Tory creed, which teaches the maintenance of the prescriptive privileges of the intelligent and propertied few as the best method of govern ing the poor and unintelligent many, and contains damnatory clauses for the masses who refuse to believo in, or be saved by it; ar.d now (1869) that that creed has been solemnly buried by its former professors, he walks like a grand and dignified political ghost among a backsliding generation.'' Twenty yetrs, I am sure, has not improved . , the noble lord, so the colonies may hopo for very little from bis sojourn in Dowuing .street. It is staled in commercial circles that tlio , chief reason of the delay in the recent examination for University medical honors was-the failure of the University authorities to obtain a " corpse " for the candidates to operuto on. As usual, the authorities showed a great lack of worldly knowledge, for, if they hud but inserted a shilling' advertise ment in tbe morning papers, they Burely would have .been quickly swamped with applications from people who either bare dead or dying on bund. Considering there are so maoy thousands of mortality who sell their living friends for a triQo, there would be no limit to the number ready " to turn over an honest penny" from deceased . relatives. I have heard of shabby things before now but for utter meanness, commend me to the members of the Civil Servicc, who, not con tent with high salaries and important official positions, try to supplement their incomes by doing a little private business after hours. Mr. 'l'empleton, the chairman of the Publio Service Commissioner", was charged in the House last session with doing actuarial busi ness for an Insurance Company in tue even ing, and he did not deny it when Mr. Service tackied him about it. Now I- hear somo young gentlemen, connected with one of the departments, eke out their salaries by means of reporting for the eveu'ng papers. A'eertain schoolmaster, who has a literary, t urn i may do and does any amount of con* tribuling to the press, although, in order to induce him to attend to his legitimate i business, tic was sent up country to a back ; woods district some jears ago. This is bad enough, but what is to be thought of. Ministers of the Crown clipping in, and working for a few additional stivers weekly to tbeir £1,500 or £2,000 a year, 0 iempora 0 mortt, ; 