CHAPTER XXXIII.-HALF-MAST HIGH. After the social storm which had threatened auch damage to the Httle community of castaways, there ensued a calm In Fay bur. The murder of Mr.' Marston, though its perpetrators re mained undiscovered, produced a very deep effect, and while it shocked the majority very literally sobered the mal contents. In the latter case, perhaps, the fear of discovery induced good behavior in the most of them, but, at all events, there was no further outbreak, either of drunkenness or insubordination. The continuance of bad weather still prevented the other natives of Bceda from viaitingihe island, but the two that had accompanied the prince had made themselves so pleasant and so useful as to afford the most lively hopes of con cord between their fellow-countrymen and the ship's company. As to Tarilam himself, the falseness of the accusation against him having once been admitted, public feeling veered round in his favor, and his gentle and geiiial qualities being thus afforded a fair chance of apprecia tion, he became extremely popular. A few only held aloof from him, the degraded mate and his three myrmidons, Mellor, Budge, and Murdoch. "If the prince comes to harm through any act of your friends," the captain had informed Mr. Bates with a vigor of language which modern type would be at a loss to reproduce, "and I fail for the second time in bringing the murder home to any one of you,, as aure as my name is' Henry Head I'll hang you all four"-a warning that had the happiest effect in putting all notion of pistolling the prince out of their minds. As to attacking him without firearms, and in no greater dis proportion of force than four to one, they had not as much entertained the idea of it. Mr. Bates never saw Tarilam without a certan swimming of the head, produced by the recollection of being held at arm's length over the precipice where a far worthier life than his own had found its end ; and the narrative of that experience, told with much personal feeling, if with out dramatic artifice, had had a most wholesome effect upon hia three friends. From the sentimental, or Paul:and Virginia point of view, the attractions of such an island as Faybur were manifest. It was quite the place for two young lovers to dwell in, " the world forgetting, by the world forgot," till they both died together on the same day in one another's arms; but it did not afford scope enough for the energies of upwards of a hundred British sailors. There was not enough work for them to do, and too little room .for play. They took but limited interest in literature, chiefly from the fact that only a very few of them, could read. Under Edith's auspices Tarilam indeed had become a better scholar than almost any of them except the officers. No one wrote but the captain, who kept a* journal which he called a log, and which was wooden enough to merit its title. Conversation languished in the tents for want of a topic. Under these circumstances it was only natural that since a murdered man, whose aBsassin had never been discovered, wa3 buried in the place, that his ghost should occasionally be seen. Ghosts are not seen in large towns, but in country plaices, where monotony and some poor substi tute for imagination beget them. With the trifling exception of the Phantom Ship, which has something professional about it to excuse its appearance, ghosts are only seen at sea under the most ap propriate circumstances, i e., in a dead calm. Captain Head felt it to be a bad sign that poor Mr. Marston did not rest In the grave which had been dug for him In the most beautiful spot in the whole island, but must needs walk all over it, and meet the very last men In the ship's com pany whom he would have chosen to con sort with during life. Mellor and Rudge had both seen him, and had had fits in consequence. It was whispered that Murdoch was in the constant habit of seeing him, though he was very reticent upon the matter" him self ; that Mr. Bates remained in his tent, as obstinately as Achilles, after nightfall for fear of being addressed by his quondam brother officer, albeit when in the flesh they had not been on speaking terms. If the vision had been confined to these scoundrels they might have been welcome to ib; but others had seen it, or thought they had seen it, and the whole morale of the camp was getting endangered by the superstition. The captain, who suspected trickery, rather encouraged testimony in order that he might get to the root of the matter. One evening William Dean asked for a few words in private with him. The gunner was known to be a good fellow, though he had- been carried away by the late whirlwind of indignation aroused by Bates against the prince, and was by no means a liar-indeed he had not the Imagination for it. " Cap'n," he said very gravely and respectfully, "I've seen somethink just now." " Very good; I am glad you came to tell me at once," was the sardonic: reply; " one likes to have the very latest infor mation from the spirit world." "But I am not sure that he was a spirit." " Oh, this Is a new phase. Mc. Marston has come to life agaiu, has he ?" "It was not Mr. Marston, cap'n. It wa3 the Malay." " What do you mean ? The man that came over with the Bredan folk ?" " Yes, air." " Bat they can't come over in this weather 2" " Nevertheless, not half an hour ago, I saw him as sure a3 my name Is William Dean." "Where?" " Not 50 yards away from the look-out. .He seemed to be coming away from it, though tbat could hardly be, as the man on duty saw nothing of him." " Who is the man on duty?" "Matthew Murdoch." " The captain's face became very grave. " Now, just say how it happened." " Well, I thought I would climb up the cliff to have a pipe and see how the wind lay ; it was falling a bit, and the sea going down all round, they told me. When I was within 20 feet of the top or so, there stood a man by himself, who was looking right down into the camp. He kept himself behind a bush, but I saw him before he saw me, and he was not a white man." " W hy should he nothave been one of the prince's men ?" " Because I had left them both below, Moreover, he had only a waistcloth, such as the Malay wore. The sight of him upset me, and I stumbled ; the noise made him glance towards me, and our eyes met, and the Malay it was, sure enough. He wa3 off like a bird, and into the bush in a moment." " Did you run after him ?" " No ; I knew it was no good. I went on to the flagstaff; Murdoch had his back to me, but heard me coming. ' They are quiet enough down there, I suppose,' he said." * . " What did he mean by that ?" " Well, I guess he thought I was some* body else." The captain took In all the possibilities at a glance. A spy on the island, and Murdoch in traitorous communication with him-ambush and massacre. " And when he found out it was you ?" " He started a bit; then, says I, ' I have seen the Malay.' ' What Malay ?' he aska as quiet as could be, and swore nobody had been near him since he had come on the watch." " And what do you think about it, Wil liam Dean ?" " As far as the Malay is concerned, sir, I don't think about it; I am sure of it. A3 to the other, 1 don't wish to get any man into trouble, though Murdoch's no mate of mine." "Quite right. Tou can keep a still tongue in your head, I know. Now, say not a word to anybody, bat send the first mate here at once." Mr. Redmayne was now first mate in Mr. Marston'a room, the vacancy caused by Bates's degradation having been filled up by Arthur White, the midshipman. Be was but a young- hand for such a place, and indeed there was no one now save Mr. Redmayne and the surgeon on whose authority and judgment the captain could rely. Within 10 minutes Mr. Redmayne had started with eight men armed to the j teeth, to make the circuit of the island to search for canoes. If the Malay was really in Faybur, he must have come by boat, in spite of the heavy weather. Such -light vessels as were used in Breda could of coarse be carried up from the shore and hidden in the bush, but hardly, nnless carried by many hands, without leaving some «?gn of their passage on the sand. To search the Island itself before daylight was useless, A little before midnight the party re turned without result. No canoe had been discovered, but at thp north end of the island opposite Breda there were in dentations In the sand which some thought had been caused by the hauling up of a canoe, and others not. They were very indistinct, and the question was whether they had been rendered so by design, or whether the marks were solely accidental. The next day the whole island was thoroughly investigated by scouting par ties, who came upon the distilling apparatus which had been the cause of so much evil, and destroyed it, in view of which achieve- . ment the expedition could hardly be said to have been labor in vain ; but no trace of any alien visitor was discovered. Upon the whole the captain was inclined to think that William Dean's Malay was made of the same material as furnished for others Mr. Marston's ghost; but like a wise man whose motto is "No risk" he caused the night rounds to be more frequent, practised beating to quarters to such perfection that every man was at his post in a few seconds, and enacted that two men instead of one should always keep watch at the look-out. A few days after these arrangements had been made Mr. Redmayne and Mr. White had the good luck to come upon what would at a seaside place at home have made the fortune of the locality a bay of shells, or rather a bay of sand, beneath which lay such a treasure of shells as only a child's Imagination could have pictured. They were of all sizes, some of them reaching to such propor tions that a single one would in our English gardens have sufficed for a grotto, and of the most splendid colors, in hue, Indeed, they resembled nothing so much as those gorgeous sea anemones which line, as with precious stones, the Gouliot caves in Sark, or those coo brilliant mushrooms which a benevolent society has painted for us in colors and labelled "edible," without finding a human being with the couarge to touch them. The two discoverers, though by no means given to "gush" over the wonders of nature, were carried by the spectacle into unaccustomed regions of speculation. "How strange it seems," observed the newly-promoted middy, "that things so marvellously beautiful, and so fitted to delight the eye, should be covered with sand." "Depend upon it, everything is or dained for the best," returned Mr. Red mayne gravely. "Think what a pleasure it will be to Miss Edith to discover them for herself ? At the same time I wish-. while Nature wa3 about it-that the bay had been placed a little nearer to the camp." It was, in. fact, almost at the northern extremity of the island, at the very place where Edith had met with such rough treatment from the distillers, where the cliffs were the most sheer and the vegeta tion most luxuriant. It was nothing of a walk, however, to one like herself, in the highest state of vigor, to which, thanks to the exhilerating climate and her whole some mode of life, one" of her sex could attain, and the attractions of the place, as Mr. Redmayne had foreseen, were overpowering to her. He himself had piloted her to the spot, where her pleaBure at the spectacle gave him ten times the enjoyment he had ^experienced when be holding it for the first time, but she was never weary of visiting it, no matter who were her companions. When it was pos sible, however, Mr. Redmayne always made one of her escort, a privilege to which, nnder the circumstances, ha thought he had a reasonable daim. The expedition was rather beyond Aunt Sophia's pedestrian powers, and she con tented herself with gloating over the shelly treasures her niece brought home with her in such profusion that their little home soon resembled some haunt of the mermaids, ' One morning Edith started for " Shell Bfcy," as it was called, as usual accom panied by the prince and the first mate. On their last visit a strange bird of un common Bize had .been seen hovering over the spot, and Mr. Redmayne had. there* fare provided himself with a rifle, peace haying so long reigned at Faybur that the edict against the waste of gunpowder was in some degree relaxed. At the moment of their departure, however, his presence was required in connection with the atoreage of gome dried provisions, while hardly had he harried off when a message ftonx the captain requiring the personal services of the prince in respect to the yam. plantation, which had been established trader his auspices, took away Edith's remainingr eacort» As both her com panions promised to rejoin her, however, directly the public service had been attended to, -she saw no reason for postponing the pleasure she had promised herself. They could travel, of course, much faster'than she could, and would probably overtake her before she reached the bay. The road took her by the look-out, where, as It happehed, Murdoch and Mellor were on duty. They saluted her respectfully, but she returned the civility with cold ness and very hurriedly ; she distrusted both the men, and had a firm conviction that the guilt of Mr. Marston's murder lay at Murdoch's door. The sight of him was hateful to her, and dashed her spirits, though it was so far satisfactory to know that his duties for the day would prevent him from coming across her on her pro posed expedition. Hardly had she passed them when one of them cried out to the other; she looked back and saw the flag descending the staff-a piece of careless ness in him who had charge of it which might well have aroused the reproof of his companion. Nevertheless, she noticed on surmountingthenext hill-where she stood still a moment to rest herself-that the flag still remained half-mast high, as though the halyards had got twisted. (To be continued.) 