LAND NATIONALISATION. TO THE EDITOB. Sir — I do not intend entering into any dis mission as to tbe merits or demerits of property tax. but think it well that your corres pondent, 'T. G. Bennett,' should be bette I informed than he appears to be in regard to 1 one Bubject mentioned in bia letter in your I issue of 15th inst. I refer to the land nationalisation portion of the letter ; this sub ject he evidently thinks can be treated with contempt. He says — ' Now, I do not think, generation will see the creed become universal in this colony, or anywhere else ; so there is no occasion to become afraid of thatg host in order to make people believe in protection.' Not withstanding this, I am convinced many mem bers of Parliament supported the protection tariff simply for fear of this very ghost. Ghost or no ghost I believe the subject of land nationalisation is to no small extent answerable for the new tariff. What I wish to point out to 'T. G. Bennett' is that what he oou temptuously terms a ghoBt is something far more substantial. Considering the very short time this subject has been brought into prominence the strides it has made in America may astonish your correspondent. I can in form him that the newspapers there advocating this 'ghoBt' are numbered by the score, perhaps by the hundred. 'Henry George' clubs are in full ewiDg all over the States, and I understand are numbered by thousands. A very large number of ministers of religion, including those of all denominations, are preaching the ' new gospel,' as it is called, Snnday after Sunday, and thousands .of earnest men and women of all creeds, and none, meet week after week to hear the leaders of the cause. In the State of New York the elections for State officers will take place in a few weeks, and the *' United Labor Party's ' nominations are these — For Secretary of State, Henry George; State Comptroller, Victor A. Wilder; State Treasurer, Patrick H. Cummins ; Attorney-General, Denis P. Feely ; State Engineer, Matthew Couzens. The plat form to which the above are pledged was adopted by convention at Syracuse on August 19, 1887, and without going into particulars I can state that the leading plank is taxation of land values. Wbat chance they have of success at these elections I leave your readers to imagine, contenting myself with placing before them the following figures: — According to the Standard (New York paper) of August 27 the strength of the parties were then estimated thuB :— Republicans, 354,984; Democrats, 324,483; United Labor, 250,132; Prohibition, 36,467. Your own correspondent a short while back gave the United Labor as SCO.OCO strong. Four hundred election meet ings have been arranged for, to take place throughout the State, in less than nine weeks. It appears to me that the more you look into thiB gliofst business the more substantial it gets, and were it not that the press in the colonies, with one or two exceptions, consider it their duty {and doubtless they have their own good reasons) to ignore the doings of the ' George' party here, as well as in America and Great Britain, people would not write of 'land nationalisation' as a ghost. — I am, &c;, LAND NATIONALIST. 