THE ABCHBISHOP OF ADELAIDE INVESTED WITH THE PALLIUM. (From, our own Correspondent.) ADELAIDE, 12th September. A « ? 7 posing ceremony, to whieh the Catholics e r of the colony have been looking forward with much interest, took place yesterday in St. Francis Aaviers Cathedral, whioh, though it was reoently enlarged, was still too small for the vast number of people who crowded into it on this special oooasion. As a result of reoent improvements, the interior of the saored edifice was in harmony with the splendour of the oeremonial. It is needless to say that among our people there was general rejoioing at the exaltation of our chief pastor in the episcopal offioe, or that the feeling of gratification was much heightened by the fact that a Prinoe of the Ghuroh and several prelates had come from other provinces—his Emimenoe to perform the solemn function, and their Lordships to a*sist at it as a mark of respect to our venerated Archbishop. I shall allow a secular jouraal to bear evidence as to the sentiment* of our oommunity generally towards his Grace. The South Australian Advertiser says :—"When it became known that the Plenary Council of Australasia had requested the Pope to confer upon Dr. Reynolds the high position of Archbishop, every colonist of South Australia, whether belonging to the Boman Catholic Church or not, felt exoeedingly gratified, because the worthy prelate enjoys the eBteem and respect of all olasses of the oommunity. That sense of pleasure was further increased by the fact that Cardinal Moran intimated that he would i visit Adelaide for the purpose of investing Arohbishop Beynolds with the pallium whioh had been sent from the Vatican, and by the ; knowledge that many of the ohief dignitaries of the Catholic hierarchy in Australasia | would be present to take part in tbeceremony." Favourable positions for observing the | ceremony were found for his Excellency the Governor and suite, for the Chief Justioe (Hon. S. J. Way), the President of tb'e Legislative Counoil (Sir Hy. Ay ere), the Attorney-General (Eon. C. C. Kingston), the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. Coles), and the Mayor of Adelaide. Among those present there were also several members of Parliament and other prominent oolonists, and I oannot remember that ou any previous ocoaeion so many distinguished citizens of all denominations were assembled in a Catholic Church here. The oompliment thus paid Dr. Beynolds, and through bis Graoe, to the denomination of which he is the head, was certainly one of a marked character, and the great respeot with whioh the Catholic Chnroh here has been thus treated is a promise of Christian good-will among all denominations to whioh I am disposed to attaoh considerable weight. At eleven o'clook the Cardinal, accompanied by the Arch hi shop of Melbourne, the .Bishops of Hobart, Dunedin, Ballarat, Perth, Sale, and Wiloannia, and preceded by a large number of clergymen and acolytes, passed in procession from the main entranoe to the sanctuary. As the procession entered the ohuroh a burst of music heralded its arrival. The Cardinal oocupied the throne, and a faldstool had been provided for the Arohbishop of Adelaide, who pontificated. After the Communion Dr. O'Haran, private secretary to his Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydney, read a brief in Latin, of which the following is a translation :— "Pope Leo XIII. For the future remembrance of the event.—In virtue of the offioe of the Supreme ApoBtolate whioh, though unworthy, we discharge on earth, we strive to prooure by every means in our power whatsoever will turn to the advantage and happiness of the Catholio name. Now, whereas our venerable brethren the bishops of Australia, in national oounoil assembled" in the year 1885, have deemed it expedient in the Lord, for the constant fnrtheranoe of the saored missions, that new provinoes should be ereoted by our authority in those regions, we, after carefully and assidnonsly examining all the oiroumstanoes of the case with our venerable brethren the cardinals of the Holy Boman Church appointed to transact the business of the Propaganda, have determined, with the counsel of the same brethren, to accede to suoh desires, wherefore, of our own aooord and our certain knowledge and mature deliberation, we, by these presents, with the fullness of the apostolic power do create, ereot, and constitute the provinoes of Brisbane and Adelaide, in Australia, and of New Zealand. We decree, moreover, that the suffragan sees of the same provinoeB shall be the following:—Of the province of Brisbane the diocese* of Bookhampton and Cooktown, and Vicariate Apostolic of Queensland; of the province of Adelaide, the diooeses of Port Augusta, Perth, and Port Viotoria, the Abbacy nulliua of "New Nozia," and the Vicariate ApoBtolio of Kimberley. Lastly, of the provinoe of New Zealand we establish " Wellington" the metropolis, and as suffragan diooeses Auckland, Dunedin, and Christohuroh. Decreeing that the present letter is and shall be sound, valid, and effioaoiouB, and shall have and obtain its full and entire efieots, and for all those whom it does or shall oonoern, is and shall be folly operative in all things, and must be so judged and defined by all judges whatsoever, ordinary or delegated; and if anything should happen to be attempted, knowingly or ignorantly, to the contrary, by anyone in any authority whatsoever, it shall be null and void, and notwithstanding our rule, and that of the Apostolic oanoellaria dt jure gtuuito non ollendo, notwithstanding also the constituions of our predecessor Benediot XIV. of eoent memory, super divisions materiarum nd other ApoBtolio constitutions and ordiances, though worthy of special and ndividual mention and derogation; and notwithstanding all other contrary enaotmeDts whatsoever. Finally, we decree that even the printed manuscripts or copies of the present letters subscribed by the hand of any notary publio and bearing the seal of a perBon constituted in an eoolesiastioal dignity, sball have abaolntely the same authority as would be aocorded to these presents if they were exhibited or shown. Given at Bome at 8t. Peter's, under the Fisherman's seal, on the 9th day of May, 1887, in the tenth year of our Pontificate. "(Signed) M. CASD. LEDOOHOWSKL." The afore-written brief is in aceordanoe with the original us witness my hand, given at Sydney on the 9th day of August, 1887. (Signed) PATBICX FBANOIS CABDINAI. MOBAN, Arohbishop of Sydney. A second Pontifioal brief was read conferring on the Arohbishop of Adelaide all the rights, faculties, privileges, and preeminences of his high offioe. From this document I take the following passage:— " Wherefore, venerable brother, as yon are acceptable to us and onr aforesaid brethren, on account of your eminent merits, we, by our spoBtolic authority in virtue of this letter, de honour aud exalt you with the arobiepisoopal dignity, and we grant and impart to you all the rights, honours, faculties, pre-eminenoes, and privileges which are proper to that dignity." The Cardinal then advanced to the High Altar, and Dr. Beynolds, kneeling before his Eminence, read the juramentum, or solemn declaration of fidelity to his obligations, the other prelates being grouped round the principals in the solemn ceremony. The Cardinal then plaoed the pallium on the shoulders of Dr. Beynolds, who was thus invested with the iosignia of his high office. As yon gave a long description of the pallium very reoently, I shall say nothing about the sacred vestment here. The Bight Bev. Dr. Moran, Bishop of Dunedin, was the preaoher, and I sball avail myself of the report of his sermon which appeared in the Express, for though in some respeots it is only an abridgement of the disoourse, it is as far as given correct. His Lordship took for his text the 16th ohapter of St. Matthew, 13th to 19th verses—" When Jesus came to the coasts of Caesarea Phillipi He asked His disciples, saying, ' Whom do men say that I. the Son of Man, am? And they said, 'Some say that Thou art 1 John the Baptist, some Eli»s, and others Jeremias or one of the Prophets.' He saith, ' But whom say ye that I am ?' And Simon Peter answered and said, ' Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.' And Jesus answered and said unto him, ' Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father whioh is in Heaven; and I say also unto you that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not 'prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth sball be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." Having explained why Christ had journeyed to Cee^area Phillipi, Dr. Moran went on to show bow, because St. Peter bad pleased Christ with the faith manifested in his reply, He declared that Peter was the rock on which he would build bis Church, and that He gave to Peter the keys of heaven and temporal power as well. Peter received three promises or commissions from Christ—first, he was to be entrusted with the keys of heaven ; seoondly, he was to be the rook upon whioh the Church should be built; and thirdly, he was to administer tbe holy sacrifices, to legislate, and to be a judge. Thus was Peter constituted the centre and the emblem of unity in the Church. Therefore, .any part of building a whioh was not united with the foundation conld not stand. It was bound to fall away and beoome as a rain. As with a building, so with the structure of the Ohuroh; it was only by perfect union and connection with the rock of foundation, Pater, that stability and purity conld be maintained. Obrut further said to His apostles shortly before He ascended into heaven:—"Go ye forth and teach all nations everything I have taught you, and behold I um with yoa always even to tb« end of world." Therefore the Chnroh to be founded by Peter was also a teaching institution, and it was not to be for one oentury, or a series of centuries, but for ever and ever, until Christ should come a seoond time to judge the world. Christ, as well as giving bim heavenly authority, made Peter the supreme teaoher and the infallible head of His Church on earth. Whatever he did or direoted according to holy revelation would be ratified by heaven. Having plaoed before them the meaning of the Bedeemer's word, he would ask them to oonsider what was the principle of vitality of the Churoh whioh he had referred to. Shortly before His asoension the Bedeemer promised to send the Paraclete to teach His disoiples all things, and to abide with them for ever. The three personalities were equal in all divine attributes, and even as God by the sacrifice of Himself sought the salvation of men, so the work of aanotifioation and the life of the Churoh had been oonfided to the third person of the Trinity. The coming of Christ WAS not a passing but a permanent aot, and when He had settled the constitction of the Churoh, and initiated its saoraments, the work of continuing and maintaining it in graoe wais that of the third person of the'Trinity. We were oreated in the image of God, and out soul was the representation of the great dootrine of the Unity and Trinity of God. Jnst as a member of the human body might be out off without interfering with the usefulness of the whole, so the Church might lose some of its members without interfering with the influence of the Holy Ghost. It was because the Holy Ghost is the soul of the Churoh that the latter is invariable, everlasting, and that " the gates of hell shall not prevail Bgainst it." Thus the Church, being informed by the spirit of truth, oannot possibly err, and therefore it remains for ever the one Catholio and Apostolic Churoh. Even in his lifetime the Apostle Paul oonld say that the sound of the Gospel had gone forth to the ends of the earth, and even in the days of the Apostles heresies were advanced, and great governments rose up against the Churoh of God, against Christ, and His disciples. They perseouted the early Christians, confiscated their property, and heaped upon them contumely of every sort, but it was all in vain against the Holy Spirit and against the Chnroh whioh Christ bad built upon the rook. The history of the Churoh was suoh that to-day it stands like the pinnacle npon a mountain, the observed of all observers, strong in the faith, strong in the piety of its children, and strong in its charity and disinterestedness ; as strong as in any of the centuries that have gone before. Ever since the days of the ApostleB themselves it was found standing erect, pursuing its onward oourBe, and carrying the Gospel to the benighted of the earth. Europe is mainly Catholic; so is Amerioa; and here in these favoured lands the Churoh is a mighty organisation, spreading the blessings of civilisation far and wide throughout the land. As in the pant it is united to the See of St. Peter, and rests its glory on that foundation. They had joined that day in a ceremony which illustrated what he had been sayiug. Their estimable and great Arohbishop, by the action of the Holy See, had been raised to a very high position in the hierarchy of the Chnroh, and it was the spirit of unity and Catholicity which had brought so many prelates to assist at this solemn function. He congratulated the Archbishop of Adelaide upon his wellmerited promotion, and he prayed that he might have long life and happiness, and be able for many years to come to lead his flook on the road that oondncts to the kingdom of heaven. He heartily congratulated those present on the honour done to their see and oity, and rejoiced with them sincerely on this auspioiouB oooasion. The Mass was then completed, the whole time occupied being about three hours. The deacon was Fr. Norton; the sub-deaoon, Fr. M'Evoy; while Fra. Williams and Healey occupied piaoes on either side of the oardinal's throne, and Fr. E. 0 Brien acted as master of oeremonies. As the music was a special feature in the ceremony, something should be said on the subject. In many things we poor people are sadly behind you Viotorians, but not far, if at all, in musical oulture. That, I believe, would be the judgment of any competent critic who was in our Cathedral on Sunday last. The musioal part of thn service was under the direction of Mr. W. Gordon, choirmaster of the cathedral, and the foroes usually under his baton were largely supplemented by other vocalists, and several instrumentalists, of high reputation in their profession. I abstain from giving full particulars,BB they would not be of any great assistance to persons at a distance. The service opened with a processional maroh by Spindler, which, in my poor judgment, is equal to Viviani's. The Mass was Haydn's 16th, whioh was performed with oomplete orohestration. The solos of the Kyrie were rendered by the Misses Carr, M Darmott, Bermingham, and Walter. The quartette in the Gloria was excellently sung by the Misses Brigga and Messrs. James and Walters, and Miss Carr sang the solo in the Senedictus with true artistic finish and devotional sympathy. Mr. Quinn led the orchestra, and Mr. C. W. Summerhayes, the oathedral organist, was at his usual post. In the afternoon the newly-invested Arohbishop entertained the Cardinal and other visiting prelates at dinner, and there were also a few prominent laymen present. His Eminenoe congratulated Dr. Beynolds on the higher position whioh had been conferred on his Graoe as a reward of long and faithful servioe, and as a proof of the Holy Father's affeotion and oonfidenoe. Other prelates spoke warmly to the same effect, and the newly-oreated Arohbishop was visibly affeoted in acknowledging these assurances of friendship and esteem. Tour Archbishop leaves for Melbourne to-day. When the other prelates will take their departure has, so far as I know, not been yet fixed. The Bishops have had several conferences, but as there are only oonjeotures as to the subjects their Lordships have had under considers tion, I have nothing to say on the subject. " DAS ECHO" atates that two young men in Munioh, the teohnioal electricians, Mestern and Helldober, have patented a remarkable improvement in the telephone. They have invented a process by whioh words and sentences can be transferred direotly to a chemically-prepared paper. A peouliar form of writing is employed by them, more akin to phonography than to our customary alphabetical symbols. • " ROUGH ON CATAR&H;" corrects offensive odours at once. Complete cure of worst chronic cases; also unequalled as gargle for diphtheria, sore throat,foul breath. LEO XIII* THE most significant fact in the latterday history of Europe is the revival of the prestige, if not of the actual power, of the Papacy. From the unjust and unmerited disrepute into which it had fallen as a civilising agency and help to human progress, it has risen to the possession of a full and rationally-grounded repute as an institution to which, the friends of orderly effort in the elevation of humanity should look with eager eyes for help. When the present illustrious occupant of the Papal throne succeeded to the chair of Peter he found his heritage A heritage of suspicion and enmity from the peoples, and of contempt from sovereigns. The power of Pius IX. had fallen before a movement that by some means secured for itself the sympathy which most movements in favour of the resuscitation of nationalities meet with in modern Europe. Filled with the vision of Pagan Rome, and overlooking the long intervening history of modern Italy—a history which is in itself the history of the development of new, great, and immortal nations—Europe applauded the idea of a United Italy as the only basis of Italian greatness and freedom. The movement won for itself also the help of the dreamers of impossible Utopias, who, placing their ideal reforms side by side with the actual and only possible reforms of Pope Leo's predecessor, discredited his work, and lost him the favour of the peoples'. The operation of time, however, discounts inost of human pretensions; and latterday statesmen, when they oppose a brazen front to the elevation of a nationality, boast of the rise of Italy as a great modern instance of the crushing out and absorption of smaller nations, and as an illustration of present tendencies. Italians also are now able to judge of the pretensions of reformers great in promises, by the extent to which they nave actually fulfilled those promises. The husbandman who tills the fertile fields of Italy feels now an oppression that comes nearer to his hearth—the oppression of a grievous taxation necessary to pay the cost of a pursuit after a barren, illusory, and, to Italy, inaccessible Imperial glory. Hence it is that with the lapse of years men have come to ask themselves was it really wise to overturn an institution that for over twelve centuries had been almost uninterruptedly active in the advancement of civilisation, did it really facilitate human progress, and has it really contributed to the glory of Italy to have its do facto king, in all his liberty and all his pomp of circumstance, overshadowed by the contrast between his real power and prestige, and that of the prisoner in the Vatican. The verdict of a few short years ago is being rapidly reviewed; it will shortly come to be reconsidered. Most undoubtedly the progress of events have been quickened by the action of Leo XIII. He has shown himself, at a moment when the selfishness of sovereigns maintains in the heart of Europe an unceasing dread of the future, the one .^sovereign decidedly and unchangeably on ifche side of domestic and international (peace. Himself the head of an institution having its foundation in the faith ;and aspirations of the people, he has ^proved himself at the same time the unswerving friend of order. . Wielding an ^authority which all his subjects acknowledge as divine, he has made manifest the •fact that, if the most sacred of governments finds its first function in enforcing the idea of duty, its also makes it plain that no class can escape the imperious demands of that duty, and likewise that no class is without its rights and claims on the general community. The social order which he preaches, if it secures stability, also labours to secure the happiness of the people ; and it has won the allegiance not less of the Parisian Catholic ouvvier, and the American Knight of Jjabour, than of those whose interests are m6st threatened by modern potents. Of course, in all this Pope Leo has been merely expounding the doctrines that liave been ever the guiding principles of the Church. But the choice of time and season and manner has been his, and the influence of his personality is undoubtedly conspicuous throughout the j?ecea£ vindication of the Papacy. In this, itlis year of his Golden Jubilee, 'iGatiicillicfi will undoubtedly be anxious to inow all thfii can be known about a Pope whose mefiiOry herefff ter will most pro- •bably jbe one of the most glorious in the :i»isfcory»of .Catholicity. Mr. Oldoastle's botikfabidtogh it cannot in any sense be ealled Complete—indeed, the Pope's labbiirs arfe t6o quick in their succession idt 'to very soon leave the most ample &cO;rd of ms achievements a little behind •dote—will lie sufficient to fill the minds of Pope Leo's flock with an adequate •Life of Leo XIH. By John OldcaeHe, with chapters oontribnted by the Cardinal Archbishop ot Westminster, TliomaaSy- Allifia, K.CS.Q.; the Bev. W, H. Anflwdon, a.J.j Alice Meynell. illustrated. London: Burns and Ofttes. _ picture of the manner o£ man their gifted shepherd is, and of the chief features of his laborious and fruitful career. The book is dedicated " To the Marquis of Ripon, E.G., and to John Austin, M.P., true Catholics and true Englishmen, who fear God, honour the Queen, and have faith in the Democracy." It is described in the dedication a " slight sketch of him who is set above sovereigns, and serves peoples." No happier sentence could be chosen to describe the little book, for it exhibits the subjects of the memoir mainly in that position of popular service and superregal authority: He began his career of service before he reached the nge of thirty. Born at Carpineto, in 1810, of a noble family, he received his early education at the college of the Jesuit Fathers in Viterbo. His higher studies were made in the Academy of Noble Ecclesiastics, where he attracted the attention of Gregory XVI. He was attached to the Papal Court as Domestic Prelate even before his ordination, which took place in 1837- His first public office was the governorship of the Province of Benevento, a difficult office at the time., It was disturbed by brigands of two classes—one, the roving gentlemen of unrecognised position ; the other, a class of the Clanricarde-Lansdotvne type of legal status. The young prelate was found equal to dealing with both ; and the description of his policy—especially with regard to the latter—will be eagerly" scrutinised in this country. Indeed, the situation in Benevento when Monsignor Pecci undertook its government was marvellously similar to the actual situation in Ireland. We will let the writer f the monograph describe it, and how he young governor overcame its diffiulties :— Glass was divided against class. Tbe tillers of the noil, subject to cruel exactions, were yet unable to form combinations for their mutual protection and support. Such w»8 tho account of things sent by agents of tbe peasantry to tbe Pope King—an acoount which was, of course, impugned by the nobles, who retorted by vaguely but vehemently charging the pwple with laziness and a love of impracticable politics. The delegato bi-ueD his work of pacification in his own way. " He went amongst the peasantry," says a careful writer; " he visited them in their own homos.; he questioned them and cross-questioned tbem about their affairs, and all thin with such {gentleness of manner, and such deep i-ympatby for their hard lot, that they took courage, whereas before tbey had been full of fears, and boldly told tbe history of tbeir sufferings and wrongs. The nobles and officials next outne under the delegate's notice, their accounts were overhauled, and their administration subjected to a searching examination. They wore compelled to meet every precise oharge that any of the peasantry ohose to make against them. The accuser arid the aooused were brought face to face and their evidence taken by tbe delegate in person. He could afford to show bimBelf rigidly impartial, for be bad under bis immediate jurisdiction aH the military and police forcen of the district. Besides, he was too alert to be hoodwiuhed and too firm to be terrified. Iu n t-hort time it became easy to see in what direction the judgment and sympathies of tbe delegate were tending. Tbe official* and nobles began to grow alarmed. Recourse was had to intrigue. An impeachment was carried to Rome of the delegate's manner of procedure. • He was undermining the legitimate authority of the lords of the soil; he was openly siding with tbe peasantry ; he was inciting them to disrespect and dinaifeolion towards their superiors; he flighted the aristocracy, and, indeed, snubbed them ; he would not listen to the advice of the friends of good government, who had a stake in the country j and, in short, he was interfering with tho influence of property and position on the masses of the people. He was, in other words, a revolutionary ruler ; and if he were permitted to remain in the province, Benevento would he for ever lost to the Patrimony of Peter.' These were very grave charges* But Pope Gregory refused to moire or interfere in any way. He bad deliberately and with open eyes chosen his man, and was determined to trust him. Any faltering or hesitation would have been a confession of weakness, and of ail things weakness would have been ust at that time the most fatal. Conseuently the delegate was left with a free hand to work out the problem in his own way." e will not spoil the above by a word of omment; but those who have wondered ow Pope Leo's sympathy for Ireland ould have survived the intrigues of awtholic landlords and anti-Irish offiials will thank heaven that our good ope began his career in Benevento. iB next position was that of governor f the Province of Perugia, a province hich he afterwards for many troubled ears ruled as spiritual governor. Next e find him as Apostolic Nuncio- at Brussels, where he met Charles Lever nd Archbishop Whately. We wish someone would recall the memory of the latter to Pope Leo. If he could revive the picture of that astute proselytiser lie would have a good notion of the tyfte of theoWiMwTiom the Union-establishfd Government place from time to time in charge of the education of the Catholic youth of Ireland. Lever, too, who sing for the young Archbishop the following very Leveresque translation of a drinkingsong, would be a good illustration of the refined society that claims to be supported and submitted to by the Irish nation:— The Pope he leads a happy life, He fears not married o->re nor strife, He drinks the best of Rhenish wine; I would the Pope's gay lot were mine. Bat then all happy's not bis life, Ho has not, maid, nor blooming wife ,* No child h«8 he to raise his hope ; I would not with to be the Pope. (To be concluded in our next.) 