THE BIJOU. " The Corsican Brothers." IT quite takes us back to the days of our happy belief in the reality of the stories of the stage when we see " The Corsican Brothers." We are a boy again when we behold the lights go down and the spectral head coming through the floor. Our blood runs cold as a spectral body in a spectral shirt and blaqk pantaloons follows the head rising into view with a combined horizonto- vertical motion, that gives a " ghastly, grim, ungainly, gaunt and ominous" idea of the way that disembodied spirits adopt when they take their coatless and overcoatless walks abroad. The Dei Franchi Twins have always possessed a peculiarly mystic charm for us, and often in our later days, when we have given up mysticism for applied scienoe, we have longed in vain for the Corsican power of vanishing through the clock when we have been interviewed by a pertinacious dun or a still more relentless poet. The cold-blooded Chateau Re nan d excites our enmity and hatred in early youth, and now, when in our later, we gaze upon Mr. Jewett's closely-cropped wig with the V front, and upon the black V goatee, all our old enmity to him revives, and we feel a thrill of virtuously-triumphant pleasure when the avenger gets his knife into him at the finish of the play. We sigh to think that the Chateau Renands of private life walks about happy, wealthy and unstuck, and vice only gets its six inches of cold steel in the good old melodramas. We like to see Siguor Majeroni as the "brothers" for several reasons. He gives to each of the two characters a distinct individuality, and besides that he is more than usually fortunate in his ghost. The spectral brother is unusually like Signor Majeroni, and is. we believe, enacted by Siguor Tessero, who, as the treasurer of the theatre, is just the person you would expect to make the ghost walk properly. Signora Majeroni always enlists our sympathies, and in the (for her abilities) the comparatively small part of Emilie De Lesparre, she lifts the character into prominence by the sheer force of her quiet but impressive acting. The remaining characters are filled with about the average respectability, Mrs. Gordon, of course, being a meritorious exception, and, like Signora Majeroni, investing a trifling part with a strength not contemplated by the dramatist. Henniugs' scenery is, of course, all that could be expected, and in the second act—but stay ! The feature of the second act deserves a whole parapraph to itself. The feature is Mons. Victor and his " statuette illustrations." Mons. Victor is as whitewashed as a man who has just gone the Insolvency Court. Victor acts a statue, and is discovered hoisted up on a whitewashed gin-case or pedestal. Victor enacts " Hercules slaying the lion." He has got a club of basket or sawdust, and he gives the imaginary lion " what for" in a truly striking and highly classical manner. Having made mincemeat of the invisible king of the forest, Mons. Victor takes a pull at himself and becomes the African frightened by thunder. The statue is very white for an African, but as the audience can assume that the fear has been great enough to bleach the nigger, Victor's colour may pass muster with those who are not particular to a shade, and who do not look at statuary from too limited a point of hue. Having got himself into an artistically African and statuesque sweat and a shiver, Victor does a walk round to show his muscle, and then baring his breast to the limelight he becomes Ajax defying the lightning. Here Victor has the best of the contest, for the limelight is erratic and wanders about Ajax's figure in a dazed and unbusinesslike manner and may be considered knocked out. Fall to Victor, the lightning nowhere. On the call of time, the statue hops off his snowy gin-case, seizes a large crushed white felt hat, which is a statue shield, and a broad wooden sword, that has also been imbibing deeply at the white-wash pot, and the " ancient gladiator " electrifies the spectators. A number of imaginary ancient gladiators having been cut up into shingles by the deadly wooden sword, Victor strikes a tableau and breathes hard, like a statue oppressed with blood and perspiration. " Once more unto the breach," however, is the festive Victor's statuesque motto, so he casts away his white wooden knife and "puts up his forks." This makes him a modern gladiator of the J. Sullivan type—the gladiator which Phidias and Praxitles delighted to carve upon the lasting marble. Having sculped the prize fighter, \ ictor lowers his "dukes" and prepares for a grand Grjeco-Roman contest with himself. He goes at himself and knocks himself all over the gin-case in the approved style of the dying gladiator. Eventually he gets the arm hold, puts onthefull Nelson and turnshimself over, scoring the final fall against himself in about fifteen minutes. The terrified supers, close around the iconoclasticised Victor and under cover of the crowd the gin-ease and the dying gladiator are pulled off by means of a rope to the classical strains of the orchestral music. Really Victor is worth seeing. His poses are classicably correct and graceful, especially as the prize-fighter, and he is so energetic in everything, he " busts in the crusts " of imaginary lions and makes the air heavy with the fragments of visionary opposing gladiators with an energy that would have done credit to the most lively statue that ever issued from the hands of a sculpist, ancient or modern. The Government should encourage such talent, and we trust ere long that Victor will be engaged for a pedestal in Fitzroy Gardens. Here he would be invaluable, for he could pose as an "ancient gladiator" by day, and give the larrikins who infest the place a striking illustration of the " modern gladiator" at night. Wtefniake a present of the idea to Victor and Victoria. BENE)'ACTORS.—" When a board of eminent physicians and chemists announced the discovery that by combining some well- known valuable remedies a most wonderful medicine was produced which would cure such a wide range of disease? that most all other remedies could be dispensed -with, many were sceptical, but proof of its merits by actual trial has dispelled all doubt, and to-day the discoverers of that great medicine, Dr. Soule's American Co.'s Hop Bitters, are honoured and blessed by all as benefactors." Head 