WAITED UPON THE WIND. A SrftANGE CLUE. (CHAMBEBS'8 JOUBSTAL ) _ Oswaidffeclares that I saved him. I write 18 most momentous episode in me life and mine, in order that this generous delusion may once for all be corrected, and teas others at least — for he is obstinate — onaeretacd Jhov slender and. fortoifeons was my share in that singalar deliverance. It seems to me that my narrative will gain in clearness and in coherence if I begin with to e day on which I first made Oswald Waraonr's acquaintance. I had arrived at Charing Gross alone and unattended, except by my maid. The friends with whom I had wintered in Reme had paused at Folkestown to recover from the effects of a somewhat rough Channel passage ; while l had decided to keep to the letter the procaine made in my last homeward despatob from Paris. I was suffering in no degree from mal de mert though the immunity is small credit to an admiral's daughter, and I longed to be at rest once more in the quiet haven of the sombre house in Lincoln Square. It was my expectation that upon the arrival plat form I should find In waiting either my uncle or Mr, Hollinswortb, his chief olerk. But I was subjected to disappointment, I scanned the many different groups of bystanders in vain, and waB just confiding to a porter information on the topic of luggage, when a youug man, whom I had observed in specting the compartments nearer to the engine, advanced and lifted his hat. Miss 'Craig, I believe ?' he sai£L I was taken aback, for thespeaber was a stranger: to jae, and I marvelled not; only what his business might be, but how be had obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with fair curly hair, and grqy blue eyes as frank and genial in their, expression as the summer sunshine. I am j afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirma tive, which in turn was an interrogation. I have come,' he said, 'in response to the wish of Mr. Geoffrey Craig, Our priuoipal has an engagement in Lombard street at this hour which he Is reluotanljy oompelledio fulfil ; and Mr, Hollineworth is unfortunately invalided. Yon will permit me to see to your luggage, Miss Craig V He was one of my uncle's staff, then- newoomer. ' Thank yon so much ; I shall be extremely obliged,' I answered. My nude's carriage was In readiness — upon that point at least I need have entertained no doubts. When seated within It, I soon learned from my companion that his name was Oswald Wardour. He was deferential, but it was the deference of one bred to habits of courtesy. There was neither presumption nor servility in his manner. He was self-possessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk ! It was hard to believe it. In my hot very extended travels, I had znBt many a wealthy and titled individual who, to ail out ward seeming, was less deserving of the title gentleman. Even In the first hour of reunion with my dear uncle and guardian, I somehow found opportunity to turn the conversation in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me with the slightly elephantine mirth which I knew to be a sign of his content at my reappearance. ' You are as muoh a daughter of Eve as when yon -teased yonr father to let yon eee the olookwork that moved the ship's compass ! Ha, ha ! It was a favourite joke with Ferdinand, poor fellow'— the laugh changed into a sigh. And Wardour has bewildered yonr girliBh wits, has he ? Well, what the surface shows is neither more nor less than the fact. He looks a gentleman, aod he talks like one ; and he is one/ His family is a bunch of the Leicestershire Wardours. They have been rich in their day ; bnt a lawsuit has come on the heels of Other disasters, and left Oswald— their last representative — -wifchhuta barren patrimony — barren In the literajeepse of the word, for it mainly eonsists of a few hundred acres of miserable, haif-reolaimed land somewhere in the north.' X still wondered why it was that the yonng man had not preferred an opening in some profeseion to the drudgery and humble status of a desk in a ship-broker's office, and I made some careless remark of the kind. A of disapproval rested upon mynnde'a countenance. By implioa Hon, 'I; though quite lnadvertently, I had . reflected upon his own choice of a career. bet me - tell you that, in my opinion, Warffonrhas acted wlBely,' he said. ' Mef canble porauitB are as deserving of honour And respect as any others, and they mpre frequentlyle&d; to competence. " Wardour bas gonetbe to Work In his effort to conquer iortuhe by the exofaangeof law for grade.' .--::< Herd was a supplemental disclosure. The yonng caan's ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts I fear I still regarded as a higher level. With an apology, perhaps a little wanting In candour, on my part the talk turned into another channel. ; This, as I have hinted, was the commence ment of the reproduction of a story old yet ever new.; What woman oan eommit to cold, callous paper the record of her wooing, pi fivea breathe the cherished secret Into the pars of her bosom friend ? I at leastshould find the task impossible. It is enough to state briefly that during the lengthening days of that blisefal spring, Oswald ptpid, I met Often, %t' first casually, and then ©f design that feelings of mutual interest deepened Into regard ; and before either of us knew, it had undergone yet another and more mo mentous evolution, and had become— love. The awakening was brought about by circum stances which, threatened to quench in miserable gloom the straggling flame.. A ? It is necessary to exphin something of the architecture and interior arrangements of ths quaint, old-fashioned building. There is a tradition that our house, at the south corner of Lincoln Square, was once the home of one of Elizabeth's most famous courtiers. It is one ofthe few in the City still .possessing a garden — a green gem in the grim, unsightly setting of encircling bricke and mortar. The counting-bouse and business premises occupied an entire and commodious suite of rooms at the west corner of the edifice. They were carefully divided and made distinct from the still larger section of Raleigh House, which for forty years had been my uncle's bachelor residence. There was a room built cut from the main portion of the eastern pile, and connected by a covered passage with the conservatory, which was devoted to my own use. In it I set up my eael and gave free rein to the enthusiasm for art which my stay in Rome had quickened ; SDd it was the custom for Mr. Hollinswortb and Oswald Wardour to leave the counting-house from the rear— they were invariably lBst—and sending in. their keys by the trusted butler, a man who had been in my uncle's employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows ofmy studio ko the gate at the end of the broad path. X trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. Xe was excessively close for the laBt week of May— there waB surely thunder in the air. I was tired of painting, and I had retreated from the slowly slanting blaze of sunlight, which had crept half way up my easel, to a shady corner behind the screen that masked the entrance to the conservatory. The steps X knew so well soon sounded on the asphalted path without. The window was open, and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively in, and fancied the room was vacant, while X smiled in my roguish mischief at his error— a smile that quiekly faded. 1 Yes, it is a round two hundred that I need,, and that, by hook or by crook, I must have. Oan you accommodate me at a piucb, Hoffinsworth V Oswald said. They had halted ; and in my own despite I was forced to play the eavesdropper, to hear, with tingling oheeks, my own name brought into the discussion. ' Possibly I oan. But you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision,'' said the senior elerk in smooth tones, that somehow made me shiver. 'Do I argue correctly from observations in believing that you are aiming at high game, Wardour— that you propose to win the hand of Miss Bertha Graig ?' Plainly, Oswald hesitated. My poor foolish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an outburst , of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation : ' You have — divined — very 1 strangely— I regret it— my seorc-t. I love Bertba. You are the first to hear the confession.' He little guessed that he had two listeners. It will go no farther, I am convinced, from your lips, Hollinsworth.— What bearing has this on my request V The other gave a dry cough. 4 The fact constitutes a Bort of Security, don't you see V he said. They had resumed their progress towards the gate. I was alone with my new- found joy. My heart went out yearningly ih a full and free xesponse. Oswald should ask but to have. Yet even at this stage there were storm- olouds on the horizon. My uncle, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of both my dead parents— and a mother oould scarcely have been more tender, a father more patient andXorbearing— would very probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child in bis eyes still, though my twentieth birthday had passed ; and I had a ho had formed, quite a different plan for my future. Again, ' there could be bo very cheerful meaning to -Oswald War door's urgent need of so considerable a sum aB two hundred pounds. My forebodings with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily were justified by the event. He drew mevery-quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which - was Called the library and so zarelynsed. 'I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope has no fonndation in ipefe,' be said. X will keep my own counsel as to its precise terms I have two things to eay Yonr eou in Roger Hilton, is coming to England In the autumn from his firm's branch at Hong kong. He will be made a partner at Christmas. I want you to be friends.' He emphasised the wcrd, ' The other matter concerns Wardour. I would like to help him OP the ladder ; but you must not tempt him 5 to pcesome, Xoa and be had fcitor ho practically strangers to one another. If there ! is any danger of mistake, I will at once fill i Wardour'a place with a substitute ; there are plenty to be had. ' It was n every sense plain speaking. ! Twioe I had attempted — in vain — to interrupt ; j and whan my nnole bad finished, he waved 1 me sternly into silence. 'Not now; some i other time, Bertha,' he said, and was gone. . i Perhaps It was well that my indignant j self.defenc8 and ahampionehfp of Oswald was i ruthlessly suppressed I am of an impulsive temperament, as doubtless has already been disclosed, and might have pitifully blundered. But my brain was in a whirl, and I was imbittercd against Mr. Hollinsworth, who, beyond' reasonable question, had made traitorous use of the admission wrung from his too confiding colleague. This disagreeable episode wag bat the early muttering of the coming tempest. Two d?>ys ! later, the storm broke in its fury. My \ uncle had been robbed, A forgery had come to light, and every atom of evidence combined to fix tho guilt of the nefarious deed upon Oswald Wardour. ' The chain of proof is complete and irrefragable, Bertha. I earnestly wish I could escape the conclusion to which it points,' said my uncle, sitting in his smoking- ehair and watching with a curious, troubled pity nay pale and pleading countenance. You will forgive me that I have still fith in Mr. Wardoor's integrity,' I said, Very Btrange and far off my words sounded in my o wn ears. ' Certainly. I wish I could share it, I knew Wardour's mother once ; she was a noble woman, and pure as the driven snow. It was for her sake X listened to the yonng fellow's application. And the blow will kill her.' Had I been lesB absorbed by the one aim which was now before me, I should have de tected in this outburst the eahoes— yet re verberating down the years— of an old romanoe. The interpretation was to come later. ' Then at least you will refrain from .pressing the prosecution ?' I said, plucking up hope. Alas ! for a. girl's ignorance ! Xt is this bank, not X, on wiiose initiative Wardour will be committed,' my unole an swered,' and once tfae eharge haB come under their cognisance, there is no option but to proceed. At the. trial, the incriminating circumstances— black as they appear, lam constrained to admit, even to me — may be explained, and Wardour may be acquitted ; but until then——' I beard no more. They told .me afterwards that I had swooned. There were two dreadful appearances in a police-court, of which, like an epicure in anguish, I studied all the details in the daily journals. I was not forbidden, for I think my uncle fanoied that so only oonld my mind be effectually freed from the delusion of Oswald Wardour's innocence. The case was indeed dark against the prisoner, and there'were moments when confidence reeled, and Lfesred that I might have to drink my cup of bitterness to the dregs, and with, my own reasoning faculties acquiesce in a verdict of condemnation. Bat the memory of many and many a quiet chat in which Oswald's high aspirations and up right character had stood . revealed cams back like a procession of mournful ghosts and reproached me with my doubts, Gathered into narrow space, the testimony on which the oharge was based was as follows : Oswald. Wardour had admitted to Mr. Hollinsworth the pressing want of precisely the sum obtained as the fruit ofthe unscrupulous deceit. He had triad to borrow the amount, and ultimately failed. x To the truth of tfae greater part of this sworn evidence of the . senior clerk, I, too, could have witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the circumstance ; luckily, they were in darkness. The Cheque that bore the forged signature was one 'that had been drawn to 'bearer,' for Mr. Craig's approval and completion, on the previous evening ; and as, contrary to expec tation, my uncle bad not re- appeared in the counting-house after noon, had been left in a private letter rack until the morning. ' But on the morrow it had mysteriously vanished — until a confidential warning sent to the ; bank had revealed that it had already been negotiated by Oswald Wardour. The fraud was at ohee detected. The prisoner's defence was declared by the newspapers to be daring,' which was their euphemism for improbable and unsatisfactory. Without 'equivocation. Oswald acknowledged that he - had asked Mt. Hollinsworth ior a loan of two hundred, pounds for tkr?e months. He farther affirmed that his senior had alternated between willingness and anw willingness to grant his petition for monetary aid. But what was hiameditat|d usefor the money, he refused to say..;, .ana the silence d was interpreted against him. Finally — on the very night in question— he . had casually Hollinsworth, and had been recom mended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a ooffeeroom in Gannon street. Cuepsoting no .evil, he went to Torleni's restaurant, and met there a middle-aged mailt with massive features, raven- Meek heir, and a hawk-like noBe— such was Oswald's description, and it fixed itself in my memory— who said that be was the junior partner in WUtouworti and . Co., a new firm recently founded In the same I line as the great honse of ' G. Crate.' H 1 knew aod respected Mr. Hollins .vortfc, and on I his introduction would oblige Oswald. It ; was a surprise— said the accused — to find | that the draft "thus offered bore Mr. Craig's l name ; but a plausible account of a business i transaction carelessly given, and Oswald Kdid not dream of. treachery Even when the i unsigned cheque was rai-sed, a vague sense c£ uneasiness was all thai troubled him, until hie feet were actually caught in the net. This tale pointed to acocspiraoy, of which no fragment of corroboration was forthcom ing. Mr. Hollinsworth denied every word of it that inculpated himself, and was believed — except by one weak girl. I bad never liked this man, although at one time or another and in divers ways I had seen much of hiznt and had been impressed by hiB great | mercantile knowledge and his impassible : demeanour. Still, my uncle had always im- piioity trusted him. The oase against Oswald as ifc stood, await ing the last word of so- called justice, was currently held to be tested and determined by a single question : Where was the shadowy individual who had played so conspicuous a part in the prisoner's narrative ? Wiltenworfc and Oo. knew nothing of him. Let the accused produce him, or put the police upon his track. My uncle was very kind to me in those dsye. He oould not help seeing that I was Buffering, and the cause was not far to seek. But he refrained -alike from harassing ic-> quiries and from expostulation. He probably reproached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My . knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious ; he had never- told me that he loved me, or had asked me to be his wife, London is not Baiting you in these close days. Bertha,' said my nnole gravely, one, evening, in the interval that was to preeede Oswald's trial at— name of horror and doom ! — the Old Bailey; ' Suppose you run down to the Edger leys' place io Warwickshire for a week or two ; they'll be delighted to make you welcome.' These were the friends of Any Italian pilgrimage, and I was cure that the suggestion was not broached at haphazard. There had doubtless been a correspondence. I hesitated. Then — Well, if you wish it, I think I will go, uncle,' X said. My preparations for the journey were not elaborate. Mrs. Brett, the housekeeper at Lincoln Square, was a person of forethought and resource, aud a few hours sufficed to have my travelling boxes inspected and paoked ; and my unole saw me Into a reserved first-class carriage at Euston. The train by whioh I travelled was an express, but not one of the Imperial kind that carry Her Majesty's northward and westward bound mails. It stopped at all the chief junctions from' Willesden to i;a goal. It was immediately after passing one of these stages that a seemingly trivial oircumstanoe occurred, upon which, with a mental vision lesQ quickened by suffering, I should perhapB have bestowed, no particular attention. Certain fragments of torn paper fluttered in the breeze past my open window, and one of them— somewhat larger, than its companions — became fixed between the mahogany slide and the blind-cord. It quivered there like an ensnared live thing. Suddenly I started, and a queer thought dominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy was wondrousiy like the writing of my uncle's chief olerk. examined the eoraps narrowly, and my eus« picion was confirmed.. The very paper had the water line of that used in my uncle's office, and was of similar texture. X read ; , , . .dour will be con ... , . , .at No; 8 Tower street ... . . . letters will be sure to . . . A whisper — whioh was the product, doubts less, of my heated imagination, but whioh sounded as the voice of one even then languishing in prison — filled in the miesiug syllables in the first line, and I repeated mechanically : ' Wardour will be convicted,' — He shall not !' I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon the winds this letter? Could it be the trickster of Torleni's Restaurant? The inspiration was justified by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To. scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was now my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly repaid. At Densford, iny glance was riveted, as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly 'to the word-picture given from Oswald's lips in thb; columns of the ' Daily Sun.' There were the ponderous features, the coal-black hair and scan-y beard, the nose of distinctly Israelitishcast. ... Idrewdown my veil, and, oblivions of my luggsge and its fate, of every thine eav the imperative necessity <<ftrac- i-g th- ap. parently unperturbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pursuit, or I might have betrayed my purpose. My quarry entered a .third-rate inn at the kotom of the station hill ; and as he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side-door ©f the bar, X had good grounds for my hope that a stay was intended. 1 sought out the Densford qmet-office, and dcEpateheda Wfegrafed'to my uncle. — I felt I h&d; stumbled upon the trail ot the real criminal in tfoa dreadful mem-ass of the forgery; or rather should kaycriminals, for, as the jgp quel shbWfed, the guilt was about equally divided, , c toe affcernoou, my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent representations, a magisterial wan-rot was granted ; and armed with this, the Defeisford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hollinsworth- Discomfited and demoralised by -the swift suddenness, of the blow, the victim thew himself qi» the clemency of the magistrate ; l a other words, made a full confession; It was a disclosure full of pain tor the upright merchant whose trust had been abased. Again I will try to condense an Intricate narrative. J ames Hollinsworth, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow op in his heart a Jealous hatred of'Gswald Wardouc. He feared that in due time Oswald aaightetep above him into the partnership at which for so many years hie (Hollinsworth) had aimed; Hollinsworth had a scapegrace brother called Edgar, long accounted dead, Who had reappeared in tone of those evil junctures which are the touchstones of men's characters Ha had visited my uncle'e clerk iu the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the dooks, and had tried to levy blackmail.. Then came the temptation, to which his elder' :&nd; hitherto1 -outwardly virtuous brother had succumbed. Could not Oswald WardouirV need of two hundred pounds be mcda the basis of a plot to ruin, him ? I ames Hollins worth told his ally what was required, and purohaBed at a - heavy price his . assistance. How the scheme wor ked has already been made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redound to the man's credit, that under pressure of these revelations a waiter of Torleni's Restaurant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occurrence within his master's, precincts of the interview between Edgar Hollinsworth and Oswald Wardour, as re lated in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this waiter had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to hush up the affair, and sentence of penal servitude was passed upon both brothers. 4 And you saved me, MIbs Craig,' Oswald ; aaid, when, for a few preoious minutes on the morrow of his release, we were alone. 4 But for you, I might have been in yonder cell yet and he shuddered. 4 Miss Craig— Bartha— is my. guess a right one— that you care — that at least you can care— for me, a"; little, when I tell you that my heart, my' life, ere yoursT Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know exactly in what terms he did reveal , the secret that was no secret ; but I. stand to what I 'have written- . At least, I am s correct in reporting iny answer : 4I can care — everything/I-murmured. A few months after the one remaining mystery was solved," coal had been discovered on Oswald's barton acres? in the north. It was for -purposes of experiments, Tn which h8 wag s worn to secrecy, that he hi required the loan of two hundred pounds. But even without : the .prospect of , this wealth, : my uncle would how bave withdrawn his opposi tion to Oa wald as my auitor. = 4 Your love, child, has been tried in adversity ; may jt ' be the stronger and more lasting,' he said. We are gratef ul and cqntent. 