The Ballet-Mole Bx F&u;çoa Corm. At the time «hen I waa employed in the Wax Office, I had a companion who worked in tte same roam with me, called Jean Tidal, an old non-eommiasioned officer, who had lost hie left arm in the Italian campaigt, bet who had still his right hand, the " cunning hand1' ot a quartermaster, with which he executed all sorts of wonders in the calKgxspbio line, round hand, flourishes, Gothio letters, ard he could draw a little bird in the final flonrish of bis signature, with a single stroke cf his pen» He waa an upright man, was Tidal, a true type of a pun-hearted and honorable soldier. Though tte was scarcely forty then, and then waa but a sprinkling of gray hain in his fair Zocave beard, in the office we all called him " Père Vidal," lew eut of familiarity than out ot respect ; for we all knew his honorable, self-denying life down there in his cheap lodg- ing at the bottom of Grenelle, where he had taken in his sister, a widow with a tribe of children, and where he supported the whole family on the slender income ba derived from hie pension, his cross, and his salary. Three thousand francs for five people ! And Père Vidal's coats-with the left sleeve, the empty sleeve, fastened to the button-wen always brushed as if he wen going to a review, and the good man was so careful of bis red ribbon, which be kept always bright, that ha used to take it out of bis button-hole when he carried a parcel in the street. As I lived in the suburbs toward tba south of Paris at that time, I often walked home with Pen Vidal, and I used to take pleasure ia getting him to give an account ot his cam paigns, aa we walked past the Military School, meeting at every step-it was in the latter yean of the empire-the handsome uniforms of the Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, the lancers ia white, the artillery officers in their magnificent sombra uniforms, black and gold. It waa worth while to get killed ia sach a eosrome aa that. Sometimes in the warm summer evenings I used to treat my companion to an absinthe a pleasure that poor Vidal denied himself od! of economy-and we used to sit for hali aa hour ia front of the officers' café in the Avenue de la Motte-Piquet. On these daya the old quartermaater, who had become a sober family man, and waa out of the habit of taking " sppstizers," used to rise from the table with his brain stimulated to heroic thoughts, and I waa sun to have some stir- ring tale of the wan as we walked home. One evening-I believe, G?d forgive me, that Pera Vidal had drunk two glasses of absinthe-as we went along that horrid Boulevard de Grenelle, be stopped suddenly beton the window of a second fasnd clothes ?bop-there are a good many in that quarter. It waa a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls tufl cf buttons, and tarnished epaulettes in the window, and hanging beton the door, among dirty rags, there was hen and there some old officer's coat rotted by the rain and fretted by the sun, with a sort of vague human resemblance in its tight waist and broad ?boulders. Vidal seised my arm with hts one hand, j and pointed with tria stomp to ene of these cast-off garments-it was the tonia of an African officer, with its many- plaited skirt, and its triple gold band twisted into a figura nf eight on the sleeves as the hussa» wear Ü» , "Look hen," said he; "thieu the om- 1 form of my old corps-a captain's tonie." As he went nearer to examine it more ' closely, and read the number engraved on the . battons, he added, enthusiastically : ' "My own regiment 1 The First Zouaves 1" : Bat all at once #ère Vidal's hand, which : bad already seized the skirt of the old tonic, j trow motionless, his face darkened, his lips ; began to tremble, and, lookicg down, he i mattered, in a tone of horror : ¡ " My God ' Supposing it wen It u ?" I Then, with a sudden movement, he turned j the tonie round, so that I could see, in the j middle of the back, a little round bole in the j cloth-a hole made by a ballet-with a dirty- j looking black ciroTe round it, of dried blood j probably; an ill looking hole, that made one feel both horror and pity, aa if it had been a wound. "Ob, oh!" said I to Père Vidal, who had dropped the garment and walked on, with a humed step, hanging his bead ; "there ia an ugly sear." And, guessing that there was some tale attached to it, I added, to goad my com- panion into relating it : "It ia not generally in the back that a captain of the Zouaves gets hit by a ballet." Bat he did not seem to hear me ; he waa mattering to himself, and biting hie mous- tache. "How could ii have come there? It is a long way from the battle-field of Mekgnano to the Boulevard de Grenelle. Yes, I know, there an the vulture?, who follow tba army and plunder the corpses. But why just then, not two steps from the Military School, where the olker'x regiment is quartered? And he most hara passed bera ; he must have recog uieed it. Oh, it is like seeing a ghost." "Come now, Père Vidal," said I, taking him by the ins, intensely interested; "yon ara sot going OD talking riddles; yea may jost a« well tell me -what that old torn tonia baa reminded yon of." But I Torily believe that if he hsd not drank those two absinthes I should never have heard the story; for when I asked Lim to tell me, Père Vidal shot a suspicious and almost frightened glance at me, then suddenly, as if he had made up his mind, he began to speak, in a dry, hard voice : Well, then, yes, I will tell yon all abont it ; for you are a clever young man, and boner* able, and I can trust yon ; and yon will tell me-honestly, cn your conscience-whether yon think I waa right to act as I did. Let me see- where shall I begin? Ahl in the first place, I ean not tell you bis name-tba other's, I mean, because be ia still alive. I shall have to call him by the nickname we gave bim in the regiment. Thirsty, we called him, and he deserved the name, too, for hs waa one o! those fellows who are never ont ol tile canteen, and wocld toss off bis twelve glasses of brandy, one for each stroke, when the clock struek twelve. He was sar. geant in the same company where 1 was quartermaster, and we walked. sid« by side in the ranks. A good soldier capital soldier. A drunkard, quarrelseme, and a brawler, be bad all the faults of tbs African army. But he was as brave as ac African lion. He was not an easy one te manage-you eoold _see that with the firsl look of his sunburnt" face, with its red bean and cold, steel-blue eyes. When I joined tin regiment Thirsty had just finished hie time ' he re-enlisted, received the bounty, and went in for a three-days' regular carouse, in tbj lowest part of Algiers. With four or nvt boon companions like himself, they drovt about all packed in an open carriage, ant flourishing a tri-colored flag with the motto "Thiscan't last forever!" on it. Ha wai brought back to the barracks with his hes* cut open by a sword wound, that he had go in some Moorish den, where he had a figh with the Arabs. Soma woman there got i kick in the scramble, and died. Thirsty go well; he was sent to prison for a fortnight and had his stripes taken from him. It wa the second time he had been put back in th ranks. If it hadn't been for bis bad conduc Thirsty would have been an officer long sgt for he belonged to a very respectable tamil] and had been well educated. Well, he los bis stripes after the affair with the Moonal woman, but he got them beek again eights* months later, at the came time that I myee! rose to be sergeant-qnatenn aster, thanks t the kindness of the captain, who had gras patience with Thirsty. He waa an old Africa soldier himself, and had seen him under tb inKabylie. i But just at that tims our old captain wi promoted and left the regiment, and thi sent us out a young fellow only twenty-eigl to take his place. He was a Corsican nam« Gentile, a cold, ambitious man jost out < school-a very good officer, they said, bi fearfully bard on the men. He would gu yon eight days under arrest for a spot of ru on your rifle or a button missing off yot gaiters; be bad never served in Algeria, ac he hsd no notion of any insubordination < disorder. From the very first moment 1 and Thirsty were at daggers drawn. Tin they were sure to be. The first time the se geant was absent at the roll call he put hi under arrest for a week; the first time be gi drank, for a fortnight. When the captain a little, dark man, as stiff as a poker, wi: bristling moustache-ordered him under s rest, adding, in a stem tone : " I know yo my friend, and I mean to master you Thirsty never answered a word, but walk quietly away towards the guard-room ; st I fancy the captain would have lowered I tone a bit, if he had seen how tbe sergeant face reddened with anger, and how his U rible blue eye flashed as he turned away. . a * * * Meanwhile the emperor declared war i Austria, and we were all shifted off to Ital I pass over the incidents of the campaign a come to the point at once. The evening 1 fore the battle of Melegnon-where I lost i arm, yon know-our ba tallinn waaeneamp in a small village, and before we broke ran the captain made us a little speech-he « quite right, was the captain-reminding that we were in a friendly country, and tl for the honor of the army we should be > our good behavior, and he added that a one who caused annoyance to any of the i habitante would be punished moat severe While he waa making this speech, Thin who was standing near me, leaning t steadily on his bayonet-he had emptied good many glasses eines the morning shrugged his shoulden ; but fortunately I captain did not notice him In the middle of the night i waa waka np suddenly. I sprang from the heap straw I had been sleeping on in the cornel a farm-yard, and by the light of the mool saw Thirsty with a young girl in his sa all torn and dishevelled, and caning on : Madonna and all the saints in heaven to ? her. He was struggling furiously, like ali with a lot of peasants and soldiers who w trying to rescue her from him. I ran ut help, but Captain Gentile got then bel me. With one glance-he had a very o nianding glance, bad tba little Conioan drove back tba sergeant, cowed ; then wi be had spoken a few reassuring words to girl, in Italian, he came back and stood fora the culprit, and shaking bia finger bd the other's face : "They ought to blow out the braini : wretches tike you," said he. "Aa soon i can sse the colonel yon shall have your i geant'a stripes taken from you ; and it bs for good thia time. Then will ba a bl to-morrow; yon had better try and kOtod." We went back to bed again. Buttha* tain was right, and before tba break of we wen awakened by a cannonade. We: to arms and formed in a column, Tb taking his place next to me. I thong! had never seen his fierce blue eyes look n ; terrible. The batallion began its ms ' We were to dislodge the white coats, ¡ bad taken np their position in the vOlag Melegnanon, which they had fortified i cannon. Forward, march I We hadn't j ¡ two railes when, bang ! the Austrian ean : burst over us sidewise and knocked over . teen of our men. Alter that the officers, i wen only waiting for the order to chi ; made us lie down in the maize fields like , sharpshooters. They remained stan i themselves, of course, and I can tell yon i captain stood up as straight as any of tl i We mea, kneeling among the eorn-sti j kept up an inceseant fire on the Aast : battery, which was within range. Sadd j I felt Borne one nudge my elbow. I ta ¡ around and saw Thirsty loading his and looking at me with a sort of < devil smile lurking in the corners of ! month. ! "Ton see the captain?" said he, jet his head toward that officer, who standing at a distance of about twenty from us. 41 Tea ; what of ii 7" I answered, lookii the same direction. " What ot it ? He ought not have spok me as he did last night ?" Then with a rapid, well calculated n ment he levelled hie piece and fired. I the captain, with a sudden, convulsive sp throw back bis head and beat the air bis hands, then drop his sword, and heavily backward to the ground. " Murderer !" I cried, seizing the serge arm. Bat he sent me rolling two or three from bim, with a blow in the chest fron butt-end of his rifle. "Fool! How will you pron I 1 him?" I spnog to my feet, tarions ; bat al rest rose at the same time.' For there WM oar colonel, bareheaded, on hil smoking hone, pointing with his sword to the Austrian bat- tery, and shooting with all hie might: "Forward, Zouaves! Charge with the bayonet !" What could I do bot charge with the rest ? And it was a fine thing, too, the charge of the Zouavea at Melegnano I Hare yon ever seen a heavy sea beating against a rock? Tes? Well, that is jost what it was like. One after the other, three companies nighed np there like a wave over a rock. Three times the battery was covered with the blue coats and red breeches, and three times wa saw tba embankment bristling with its cannons' mouths reappear like the rock when the wave bas spent itself.' But the fourth company, that waa ours, carried the place. For myself, in twenty strides I reached the redoubt;and helping myself with the bntt-end of my rifle, I clambered np the embankment; I had just time to see a bine esp, a pair of fair moustaches, and tbs mnzzla of a gan was almost touching me ; and then I felt such a blow on my left shoulder that I thought my arm had bean torn off; I turned giddy, dropped my rifle, rolled over on my side by a wheel of one of the (run-carriages, and fainted away. When I opened my eyes s gain there waa only a faint sound o! musketry in the dis- tance. The Zouaves were there, standing in ar sort of disorderly half- circle, shooting, " Long live the Emperor I" and waving their rifles at arm's length in the air. An old general with bia sida-de ?camp came galloping up; he stopped hu hone, took off his gold-striped cap, and waved it joyfully, shouting: " Well done, Zouaves I Toa an the finest soldiers in the world 1" I sat up, leaning against the wheel of the gun-carriage, holding my broken paw, dis- mally, in my right hand, and I began to re- member Tbirsty's horrible crime-shooting his captain from behind, on the battle-field. All at once be left the ranks and came forward toward the general. The very man himself. Thirsty, the captain's murderer! He had lost his fez in the bay, and his dose shaven head waa ban, with a wound acron it, from which a narrow stream of blood trickled over bis forehead and down his cheek. He waa lean- ing on bia gun with one band, and in tbs other be held an Austrian flag, all tom and blood-stained, a flag be had taken from tbs enemy. The general looked at him with the great- est admiration. "Just look at that, Bricourt;" said he, turning to one of hisaids-ds-eamp. "There's a man for yon! Hell nave the cross." And repeating, "Fine fellow 1 fine fellow!" he turned to his aid-de-camp again and said something X did not understand-you know I am only an ignorant man-bnt that I remem- ber all the same: " Isn't that worthy of Plutarch, Bricourt ?" And then the pain in my arm was so great that I fainted away again, and heard nothing more.' Ton know what followed. I have often told you how they hacked about my shoulder, ' and how I lay in the ambulances for two months with fever and delirium. And in my restless, wakeful hoon, I was always won- dering what I ought to do about Thirsty. Ought I to denounce him? I thought I ought Bot then, what proofs had I to show ? And, after all, if he was a scoundrel, he was a brave soldier. He had killed Captain Gentile, but be had taken a flag from the enemy? I could not make up my mind what to do. When at length I began to get better, I learned that, as a reward for his brilliant eon duet, Thirsty bad been promoted into the regiment of Zouaves of the Guard, and that they had given him the Croea of the Legion of Honor. For tba first moment it made me feel disgusted with my own cross, that the colonel had brought me in the hospital. And yet, after all. Thirsty deserved his as well as I did mina; but ba deserved, too, that bia ribbon should servo as a target for a file of men told off to shoot him. All that hap- pened long ago, and I have never seen the sergeant since; he is stol in the service, while I have turned civilian. Bnt, just now looking at that tunic with its bullet-hole and God knows how it ever got there !-hang- ing then in the shop, with tbs barracks wera tba murderer is quartered only a few yards off, I remembered that crime that bad gone unpunished, and it seemed aa if tba captain's ghost cried out for justice. I quieted Pcm Tidal as best I could, for bis story had made him in a great state of excitement. I assured him that he acted for the bast, and the heroic conduct of the ser- geant of Zouaves had fully balanced his crime. But a few days after, whan I went into the " office, Vidal handed me a newspaper, folded so that I could only ne ona paragraph, and remarked, solemnly : "What did I tell you 2" I took the nswspapei, and this is what I read : "Asoma VICTOS or Jsmamacs. Testerdsy afternoon, on the Boulevard de Grenelle, a man named Hallet, commonly called Thirsty, asergeant in tba Zouaves of the Imperial Guard, wha had been drinking deeply in anthe publie houses of the neigh- borhood, with two ot his companions, was soddenly seized with an attack of delirium tremens, while be was looking at some old nniforma hanging in the windows cf a second- hand clothes shop. He ran down tba street, brandishing his sword and spreading terror before him. The two soldiers who accom- panied bim had the greatest difficulty in mastering the madman, who kept shouting, with fury: "lam not a murderer 1 I took a flag from the Austrians at Melegnano I" We are informed that MaUet really waa de- corated for the gallant act, and that nothing bnt bia inveterate drunkenness has prevented his being promoted to the rank of an officer. Mallet was taken to the military hospital,'the Gros-Caillou, whence he will shortly be re. moved to CharentOD, as it is doubtful if the unfortunate man will ever recover bis reason." As I gave back the newsnaper to Vidal, he looked earnestly at ma and added : " Captain Gentile was a Corsican. Habas taken his revenge !" Tis Pitiful the things by which we an rich or poor- a matter of coins, coats and carpets, a little mon or less stone, or .wood, or paint, the fashion of a doak or hat ; like the luck of naked Indians, of whom one is proud in the possession of a glan bead or red feather, and the rest miserable in the want ot it. All vice stands opon a preeipiec. To engage in any sinful coane is to ran down the hill- If we once let loose the propensities of oar nature, we cannot gather in the reins and govern them as we please; it is much easier not to begin a bad course than to stop when begun.. Life is not a dreary waste; on the contrary, it is full of joy and beauty; and to the strong, reliant soot, who has faith and hope, it is full of goodncai ; bat beauty must ba in the mind, and goodness in the heart, or neither Viii be eeen in the world. Whatever it be that keeps the finer faculties of the mini awake, wonder alive, and tba interest above mere eating and drinking, money-making and money- saving, whatever it be that gives gladness, or bops, or sorrow, this, be it violin, pen, or highest of an, the love of woman, is simply a divine gift ot holy inflceneefor the salvation of that being, lifting him out of the mire, and upon toa rock. Flamtorough Head*-Ibu tüCs m e seen at their greatest height near Fiamborough Head, where they have an altitude of pearly . five hundred feet, and a more imposing 'visw can not be imagined than that which they present to an observer on the esplanade afc Jîridlington Quay. They reach ont in a splendid sweep miles lon?, and a dazzling white in color. They aro sheer from top to bottom. From the rolling arable land which stretches^back from them a deep fringe of brown mud has been washed down, and against their white faces it looks like a row of , tassels. Down below is the sea, sharp and diamond pointed, which beats np against them in some places, and in others leaves, a narrow edge of beach, set with shining white boulders and black fragments of wreakage. At the end of the curve the Head itself is thrust like a wedge into the sea. . Solid' and defiant as it looks, the sea has not left it un.1 scarred. Massive piliers have been separated from it, which foretell of future encroach ments, and the waves have eaten deep, mysterious caverns in it. through which the' wind moans with unsilenceable prier. . One of these caverns is called Bobin Lyth's Hole, and forms a tunnel from thc land to the sea. The entrance is low and difficult, ' but when it is passed, the explorer finds him- self in a sepulchral chamber, dark, il ripping and reverberant, with a roof fifty feet high. The rock is of variegated colors, and polished by the attrition of the seas, which the eastern gales send driving in. The floor seems to have been built by human hands. instead of by the thoughtless gnawing of thc clements. Sometimes a shaft of sunlight Andi its way into the mouth, and then every drop of water beading on the walls becomes a jewel, and the rocks reveal their iridescent splen- dors. On the summit of the Head there is a lighthouse, with a lantern two hundred and I fourteen feet above high-water mark, a small I fishing village, and the ruins of an old j castle, in which Robert the Third of Scotland j was confined after his capture by a privateers i aun as he was escaping to France. Poor knights--These can be made out I of slices of stale bread neatly trimmed. They ' should be about half an inch thiele, and should either be cut in, lingers, squares, or some other shape. Soak the pieces in milk long enough to soften tbem.but not to break. Drain the pieces and fry in boiling dripping until nicely browned on both sides. ; Place them on kitchen paper to drain, arid then serve with jam or marmalade, put between every two slices ; : scattcr-rsome castor sugar ? on the top and serve. ! Three Varieties.-A contemporary says ¡ that of three varieties of loudness- that of dress, laughter and talk-the first is the most pardonable, since we have only to close our . eyes and we are not offended by it. " We '. believe," it says, "that pyschologists are ' agreed that the ha-ha laugh indicates a cultured mind, and the he-he laugh a shallow ', mind, and a ho-ho-ho-e laugh a gross mind. Art of Glass Carving--At one time ; glass surpassed gold not only inivalue as a ma . serial, bnt in forms of vases and drinking ! vessels wrought into various patterns by j means of wheels and points. An article of . thu kind was considered a worthy present for a king. Glass carving is a branch of tbs art of carving precious stones began by tbe lapidary savage and improved with more or ' lees ability by workers in archaic times and earliest civilizations. In the Greek and Bomen periods, when the glyptic art was en- couraged as a whole, carving on glass may be said to have reached its zenith. Perhaps it is to the later Greeks and Homans that we are indebted for the finest work ot the kind. Colored glasses were generally preferred to glass of only one color for carving ; and at : the present time cameo work upon a ground of a different color, is growing in favor of the educated and wealthy at home and abroad. < To England is due tbe honor of reaving the art of glass carving. ! Grace Before Meat--This custom is i more prevalent in Scotland than in England, i With the " goody " people grace it said not ; only before breakfast and dinner, but even when the »lichtest refreshment is taken. In ; deed in tbeiHighland>,eepecially in Sutherland : and Bceabire, it is customary when a "dram" , ia given to ask a "blessing" over the ; "mercy." The following good story is told , ot a Highlander, to whom a " snuff " was of- fered: The fragrant mixture was pat on the back of his hand, and as it was a something to take, be] said it ¡would only be right to ask a blessing over it. So the good man clossd bis eyes, and began slowly to repeat the bless, ing os short prayer. A sudden gust of wind, however, blew the snuff from off his hand, on which he remarked, j " Oh, it coolana' be a mercy at all, when it won!dna' wait for the gode God's blessing to be asked over it!" ! Krupp, the great gun-make, says that he never succeeded in business until he began drinking beer. If the yoong men around hers don't sueaeed it won't be their fault. 