THE DEEMSTER; OB, THE CENSURE or m CHURCH. A ROMANCE. BY HALL CAINE: XAvihor of "A Son of Hagar," " The Shadow of a Crime?' etc.). . "Thy love to me waa wonderful, passing the lore of women." . **Oh, wretched mao that 1 am, who will de- liver me from the body of thia death P" CHAPTER VII. (Gonüñmd.) ' Danny was there by this time, and mthfe face of mighty solemnity, he sat on lue right of Hoaimy-beg, and held a candie in bis left hand. .When everything was understood to be ready, »nd Will-as-ïborn, the clerk, had taken his station inside .the com- munion rail, the business of the Öiel Terree began. First one man got up .nd sung a carol in English ; then another sung a Manx carol. But the great event of the night was to be the carol sung by the swprn enemies and rirais, Hommy-beg and Mr. James Quark. At last the time came for these worthies. They rose from opposite »des of the church, eyed ea«h other with severe looks, . stepped out of their pews, and walked down the aisle to the chor of the porch. Then they turned about in silence, and standing «ide by side.faced the communion.., The tittering in the gallery and whispering in the body were audible to all except the persons who were the cause of both. " Hush, hush, ma veeen, that's him, that's him." " Bless me, : look at Hommy-beg «nd the pettiçut, and the handkercher, piiihin' around : his throat." " A.w, dear, it's what lie's used of." "A regular Punch and judy." Danny was exerting himself at that1 moment to keep order and silence. ** Hush, man, let them make a start fora«." . The carol the riyals had to sing con- tained some thirty verses. It was an ancient usage that after each verse the carol singers should take a long stride towards the com manion. By the time the carol of " Bad Women" «ame to an end the carol singers .must, therefore, be at the opposite end of the church. There was sow a sublime «corn printed on the features of Mr. Quark. As for Hommy beg, he looked, at this last instant, like a man who was rather sorry than otherwise for his rash adversary. j""The* rermantic they're looking," whispered a girl in the gallery to the \ jgiggling companion beside her. . Expectation was at its highest when Homtny-beg thrust his hands into, his pocket and brought out the printed copy of the carol. Hommy unfolded it, glanced at it'with the .air of a con- ! ductor taking a final look at his score, sodded his bead at it as if in approval, and then, with a magnanimous ges- ture, held it between himself and Mr. ; Quirk, The schoolmaster in turn glanced at ii, glanced again, glanced a third time at the paper, and up into the face of Hommy-beg. ¡ . Anxiety was now on tiptoe, -"Hush, d'ye hear, hush," whispered j Danny from his ppw, "hush* man, or ; jits epoiliHg it you'll be, for sure." . . . ? At thé ' moment7 when Mr: Quark. fäatoced into the face of Hommyrbeg there Was a «mile On that countenance. Wv. Quark mistook that smile. He imagined he saw a trick. Theachool Jinaster could read, and he perceived that the carol which the gardener held out to him was not the carol for which ile had been told % Master Ban^iy to prepare. They were,: by arrangement, ; lb have ïùng the English! version ;of Bad Women/' ; This was thëlMânx: version, and though the metro wa the same, it was always sung .to/a .différent tune. v Ab ! Mxï Quarkj^ùn-; Jderstood it aliÍ This rascally,H^pmmy beg was tryingf to expose jSim^^^N ^monster -wanted,.to....«hprç..tí¿,{ parnés ^uArfc, uft^^^^^^lß^ Sn uiis colony -lias been purohasedby the pro-' $cietoxs «f the WàSM»» JnSfc, *J bis name WP s Jemmy, be would be equal with Mai ! He could «in g this Manx version, and he would, lt was now Mr. Quark's turo to smile. . "Aw, look at them1-toe two of them-grinnin' together like a pair of ould gurgoils on the steeple !" i Ata motion of the gardener's hand, intended -to beat time, the singers began. Hotnmr-beg sang the carol agreed upon-the English version of " Bad Women." Mr. Quark «aug the carol the; held in their' hands-I he Manx version of " Bad Women." Neither beard the other, and, to dispel the bare notion that either was Binging seconds, each bawled at the utmost reach of his lung power. To one tune Homniy-beg sang Thus from the days of Adam Her mischief y oil may trace. And to another tune Mr Quark sang She ish va'n voir ain ooilley Son v'ee da Adam ben. Much laughter. How the young woman io the gallery; lay back iii their seats with hysterical shrieks ! How the young fellows in the body made, the sacred edifice ring with guffaws! 'But the singei a, with eyes steadfastly fixed on the paper, heard nothing but each his own voice. Three verses had been sung, and three strides made towards the. com- munion, when suddenly the laughter and shouting of the people ceased. AH eyes bad turned towards the porch. There the Bishop stood, with blank amazement printed on his face, hts head bare, and one hand pn the half opened, door. . If. a spectre nad appeared the con- sternation had scarcely been greater. Danny had boen rolling ip his pew with unconstrained laughter, but at sight of the Bishop his eand'e fell from his hand and sputtered on the book rail.. The Bishop turned about, and before the people had recovered from their suprise he was gone. At the.next moment everybody got up without a word and left the church. Jo two minutes more not a soul remained except Hommy-beg and Mr. Jemmy Quark, who, with their eyes riveted on the printed carol in their hands, still sang lustily, oblivious of the fact that they had no audience. When Danny left the church that .night it was through.the lancet window of the vestry. Dropping on the turf at the north-east of the church, he leapt the wall that divided the church- yard from a meadow on the north, and struck upon a path that went'röünd to Bishop's Court hy %ay of the cliff head. Thé path, was a long one, but it was lonesome, and its lonesomeness was no small merit in DannyVvíéw. That hight the Bishop must return to the Court by the highway through the 'vîlln r±A' nn^ ^fï»>> Vi * ol» rs ñ tM»ar Kel. Sn "village, and the Bishop must be in front of him. The night was dark and duroby and, laden with salt scent, the dank vapour floated up from the eea. Danny walked quickly. The deep booro of the waters rolling on the sand- below rame up tb bim through the dense air. Xiite 'aa was the hour, he could hear «fae -little sand-piper screaming -tat Orris head. The sea-swallow shot ever him too, with its low mournful cry. Save for these ¡sounds, and the quick beat of his own feet, all was ëtill around him. Beneath bis stubborn bit of scepti- cism Danny was superstitious He was full to the throat of fairy lore and stones of witchcrafts He had learned both from old. Billy Quilleash and his mates as thejr sat barking their nets on the shore. And that niebt the ghostly ' memories would arise, ! do what he might to keep them 'down. Ta banish them Danny began tb Vhis^^ and, failing tb ehlive^n bitnself mitch by that form of musicsV society, i tie. b^gan' td sing, ffib seïêbtittn of* a sbng wai bot the bjïppieBt '.ooder ih'é circumstances; lt' wal"' ibe' doleful bañad bf 7* Myle Cfar^^ sting it in Manx, hilt here is a stave bf Win.^nglis^:^^^ T '"' !öhi táyíe (¡ftarainp, ^erpgojt yon yoirr gcÁBI]?; ' "Lotte'lohe,^yfó pkve left mefcore-'; *' ? m(notinihe<Jnrra^;'aeepn^OTthenK4a-^ ?;dUiB4i|one;' stavou-WcAn*?' -wh ? i{-Ttieräwtefc Sot muchi''-Shiser »hal *ÚÍtñtifrWftí¡& get =1 diifc^ Hf Vie ©h'áraitir^mpahv.5 bût he cbMild no* think bT^. baUad hero who was much; mbr^&artebme.; Hèhad à gbod atep of the road to gp yet. So be Bet pp the gruesome song again, and to heighten the sportive soul of it began ! to run. Once having taken to bis I heels, Danny ran. as if the black dog of the Manx legend had been behind bim. By the time he reached Bishop's Court - he was fairly spent. My le Charaine and the Modiiey Dhoo bad been too much for 1 anny. With the combined exertion of legs and lunga the lad was perspiring from head to foot. He had come up to Bishop's Court on the sea front, and there the Bishop's library stood out from the body of the old house, between the chapel porch and the kitchen offices. A light was in the library, and passing over, the Soft grass with the soft .flight of a lapwing, Danny peered in at the curtainless window. The familiar room waB empty. On the hearth a turf nre~ burnt without flame, and bathed the book-encased walls with a rosy red. The. Bishop's easy-chair, with its white chintz covering, stood at one tide of the iugle, his slippers in front of it; and beside it, on the little three-legged mahogany table were the ink-horn and the long quill abd. the Bishop's four-cornered library cap. The door stood «jar, and the two candles in the two brass brackets at each side of the. fireplace were tipped by their extinguishers. Tbs Bishop had not returned; but the faint smile of triumph which at that thought rested like a ray of, pale sunshine on Danny's face suddenly vanished. In a úvVs vague way Danny now realised that it had not been merely because the night was dark and the road lonely that be had whistled «nd sung. He hung his head where he stood in the night, and as if by an involuntary movement hie lifted his cap and fumbled it. ... At the next instant Danny was clambering up the angle of the wall to the lead flat that covered the pro- jecting part of the library. From this - lead flat there opened tba window pf his own bedroom, and in a moment he was striding through it. All was darkness within, but he needed no light to see his way in that roo vj. He knew every crib and corner ; the place where he kept bia fishing dines, the natl from which his. moth net hung, the bottle on the drawers in which he had his minnows, «nd tho can with the lid well down that contained the mandrakes that were the terror of all the women in the house. If Danny, had been as blind as old Karry he could have found everything his room had in it, except, perhaps, his breeches, or his shirt, or his other coat, or the cap that was always get- ting itself lost, and of course no sight and no light would help a lad to find things -like these. Hardly had Danny taken ii step : into Iiis room before he realised that someone had been there since he left it. Derry, bis white-eyed collie, who had been lying on the be f, dropped on ', the floor, and frisked about ; him. MDown> Derry, down/' be whispered, : and for à moment he thought it might have been Derry that had pushed open% the door. But the« dog'« snout could \ not have turned : down : the .counter- pane of the bed, or opened ; the top i drawer that held the; fishing, flieB, or rummaged among the long rods in | the corner. The counterpane Jay double, the drawer stood open, the rods lay scattered-aomeone had been j there to look for him, and, not finding; him, bad tried to find a reason, for his i absence, and that someone had either ; come into the room in the dark, or been blind. r ' ^ ** Aw, it's always Kerry that's inifc," Danny told himself, nod with an mit- ' pleasant remembrance of (Kerry's étrange ': faculty, whereof he was the peculiar victim; ' he n-flected Í that h is ; raoe; home had been vain. ; Theta on thé instant Dinny found himself j con- cocting a trick to defeat appearances. Se bad ft foot on the stairs to carry; out hts design when he heard thexloor; at the front of the hpuse open, and ii familiar *tef> ? pass tb«>fagh the.ihal). j Toé Bishop had¡ returned. Danny 'wafted iiifd listened.' : 'Now', (there-was; tacking in thé^ibraryU íDanñy'a^toíek] jeir1 could *«»tce!y< distinguish the; word«j. bot «?l»e'vot0eftita fertâd.tiot «nistalîè-^tbey were?thé vp¡ees¡o£the «sbofc knä <Mihñ Kerry. a :íWStb fi;' iiteady «tóaVlB»W';-*W»t «np^tö; Ewan's room. Ewan was sleeping. Feeling hot and cold together, Da&ny; undressed and turned into bed.. Be- fore he had time to bury his head under the clothes he beard the Bishop on the stairs. The footstep pas-ed into the room below, and then after an interval they were again on the stairs. In another moment Danny knew, though his eye« were fast shut and he was sleeping most profoundly, that the Bishop with a lighted candle in his hand, was leaning over him. It would wrong the truth to say that Master Danny's slumber was disturbed that night j. but next morn- ing when the boys awoke together, and Ewan rose on his elbow with a puzzled gaze at his.unexpected bed- fellow, 1>anny sidled put oí bed on to the floor, and .without looking too much into Ewan's face, he began his toilet, as was his wont, by putting on his cap. He had got this length, and was standing in cap and shirt,' when he blurted out the mischief of last night's adventure, and singing, the sudden appearance of the Bishop, the race homo along the cliff, and the coming UP to bed. " But you won't let . on, Ewan, will you ?" he said. Ewan ¡looked at that moment as if the fate of the universe hung on his answer, but he gave the promise that was required of him. Then the boys went down stairs and found Mona,' and imparted the drerfd secret to her. Presently the Bishop came in to break- fast with a face that was paler than usual and more than ordinarily solemn, i «. Danny," he said, " why did you not sleep in your own bed last night, my boy?" . : " I slept with Ewan, father," Danny answered promptly. The Bishop said no more then, and they ali sat down at the table. " And BO you two boys went to bed together-together?" he said, and, with ia dig of emphasis on his last word repeated, he looked at Ewan. Ewan'e face crimsoned, and his tongue faltered, "Yes.sir," Tho Bishop's eyes fell. "Boys," he: said in another tone, " would you think it P. I have done you a great wrong." The boys were ' just then most in- tent on the table cloth. "You must know," thp Bishod went on, " that there was a most un- seemly riot afc the Oiei Terree, and ali night long I have been sore troubled by the bad thought that Danny was in midst of it/' The boys held their heads very low over their plates, and Mona's/big eyes filled visibly. Danny's impulse was ti» blurt out the whole mischief there and then, but he reflected that to do sd would. be to charge Ewan with falsehood. ? Ewan, on his part, would have confessed to the deception, but he knew that this would mean that Danny must be punished. The boys' wise heads could see no ,way out of a tangle Uko that. The breakfast was the quietest ever eaten pn. a Christmas morning, at Bishop's Court, and little as/,tho talking w; ig, the Bishop, strangely enough, did it all; 'But when they rose from the table, and the boya, slunk out of the room with most portentous gravity, Mona went up to the Bishop with a face full of liquid grief/ahd turning the whole depths of. ber great troubled eyes upon him, the little maiden said," Ewan didn't mean to tell you what was'nt true and cousin Danny didn't intend toide ceîve-but he was:-that is Danny-I mean-dear uncle, you. wont -¿-^" /*'.You mean that Danny was at the Qie! Verree last night-I know if, 'chïld,' I 'know -ii;" said the Bishop, and he patted her head and smiled. But the Bishop knew also that day made one more step down the steep of life; and léf t al little ghost of his child self ¿ behind him, and in his- secret heart the Bishop saw that - shadowy fótín,'áhd wetfktdyer it; : . ' ...<> 