" A L M A ." AN ORIGINAL AUSTRALIAN STORY BY HAROLD STEPHEN, ESQ., M.P. OF NEW SOUTH WALES. (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER XXV. ALSATIA IN THE BUSH. It is a singular fact that blind Fortune usually seems to extend her favors to those who least deserve them. Thus in racing, for example, the world is every now and then astonished by the news that Mr. So-and-so has won an enormous sum of money through the victory of some rank outsider—in ninety- nine cases out of a hundred Mr. So-and-so turns out to be a professional bookmaker, whose arrangements were such that, in any event, he could not possibly lose. Rarely does it happen that such a stake is won by an outsider, although outsiders are very much more addicted to speculations which, if fortunate, would have some such result. At all games of chance, the same rule obtains—the winners of unusual amounts are, almost invariably, men who make play a business, and are untroubled by scruples as beset the honest player. [I remember two cases in point which are worth recording. X. was a gentleman holding a good position in a country town. He gambled recklessly and so extensively that he could not pay his losses. At last—having also borrowed as much money as he could, and gone into debt to local tradesmen—he went down to Mel- bourne with a view to effect an exchange into another town. The night he arrived, he was introduced to two travelling Englishmen of fortune. After a visit to the theatre and supper at a certain club, X, the Englishmen, and one or two more sat down to play poker. X began with five pounds and rose from the table with twelve hundred ! The second case is even more remarkable: Z, a really clever fellow, had become almost a professional gambler. His brother, a merchant in a small way, wishing to get rid of him sent him to England, with enough money to keep him respectably for a month or two. In London he obtained admittance into a second-rate club, and, very soon afterwards, won over four thousand pounds at loo. He did not stay in England.] Rogues of all kinds have a blind belief in " luck," and, more often than would be thought possible, neglect precautions for their safety which they would have taken had they not cherished this belief. Hence it is that people, on reading the evidence in a criminal trial, are apt to wonder at the stupidity of the criminal, who might, by the exercise of a little care, have rendered detec- tion impossible. He trusted to his " luck," with as blind a fatalism as a disciple of Mahoment. I was guilty once of translating the Latin proverb "Forteo fortuna juvat," by "Fortune favors the Forties," and I am not sure that my version is not more true than the original. [The term "Forty" is used in Sydney to distinguish a class which is rapidly disap- pearing, namely, the old convict.] We have seen that, whilst the honest folk of our history utterly failed to obtain the slightest clue as to the whereabouts of those of whom they were in search, our " heavy villain," the Professor, lit upon his man by accident, we shall now see how another piece of luck befell him. Having found Sumner, it became of the first importance to him to cover his trail, so that emissaries from the other side might not be led, through him, to the same dis- covery. It is true, he was not yet aware that Dart and Sir Charles North had themselves come out to Australia; but he felt perfectly certain that someone was on the ground on their behalf, somewhere; and, until he knew who that someone was, it behoved him to be doubly cautious. At the onset fortune be- friended him. On his arrival at Snob's Gully he had given his name as "Fredegar;" but the landlord, being, as we are aware, very much fuddled at the time, had entered it on the slate as ''Fred Eager;" and so he con- tinued to be called by all but Johnson, who of course knew better. When Alma was addressed as " Miss Eager," she was too indifferent to correct the mistake, and the Professor did not omit to warn her that, for reasons which he promised to explain when he had more leisure, it would be advisable to acquiesce in the change for the present. To Johnson he told the truth, knowing that gentlemen too well to dread betrayal on his part; for, even before their compact, he calculated that, as nothing could be gained through treating with Sir Charles North's party, it was in the highest degree improbable that he (Johnson) would seek to communicate with them. Thus, unless actually brought face to face with one who knew them, discovery of the re- treat, to which Alma and the Professor had betaken themselves, was rendered almost im- possible. But that contingency was also provided for, and the Professor soon found the means. In the heart of the ranges, about fifteen miles from Snob's Gully there was a settle- ment, the like of which is still existing on the borders of the colony. It was nothing less than a modern Alsatia— a home for every lawless ruffian, cattle-stealer or bushranger, where he might rest secure from the prying eyes of the police, and honest people in general. It consisted of a public-house, two or three stores, a blacksmith's shop, and ten or twelve huts; and, to the uninitiated, presented much the same appearance as any other township in the less settled districts of the colony. It was to this infamous place that the worthy Professor, after consultation with Johnson, determined to betake himself with his unfortunate niece. Johnson, it ap- peared, had resided there for some time, and boasted of relations with the inhabitants, which would ensure any friends of his a hearty welcome. " Besides," he added," I will go with you myself. I've got nothing much to do for a month or two, and it's a splendid place to do a bit of courting." " Will not my niece take fright when she sees the people ?" asked the Professor. " It would be awkward if she were to cut up rough at the onset and insist upon being taken away." " Don't you alarm yourself," replied Johnson. "She might live there a year, and never see anything different from what she'd see in any small up-country township. I'll let the boys get an inkling of the lay we're on, and they'll keep quiet enough when she's around. Besides, its the home of most of 'em, and they don't want rows there, they get quite enough of that sort of thing abroad." " We ought to get a hut for ourselves," said the Professor, " and then there will be the difficulty about a servant." " Just you leave all that to me. I'll ride over to-morrow, and see about everything. There's nearly always a hut vacant, mostly furnished, and I know a young girl there who'll suit well enough as servant, and hold her tongue to, which is more than most women can do." A day or two later found them installed in their new home. Johnson had purchased a waggonette and pair of horses, so they were enabled to leave Snob's Gully without fur- nishing any indication of their intended movement. For a while the change was very pleasant to our heroine. Alsatia (so will we term the settlement) was very different from a digging's township, and her eye was gladdened by a sight of the real " bush," in all its original glory. There had been no attempt at clearing, for none of the inhabitants were tillers of the soil; but still one or two of the huts boasted of small gardens, for the most part devoted to the cultivation of vegetables, but still graced by a few flowers, and flowering shrubs. Also a bright, pebbly creek danced merrily through the village, and the place looked peaceful and happy. Their hut contained four rooms, and was quite luxuriously furnished by comparison with other such abodes in the bush. It was the property of the landlord of the inn who, knowing that his customers liked com- fort, and were usually able to pay for it, had spent some money, in making it look attrac- tive. Then the professor had laid in such a store of delicacies as were obtainable at Snob's Gully, and even a supply of novels, which comprised almost the entire stock of a travelling hawker. So, altogether, the girl felt more contented than she had been since they had left Melbourne. Here, at least, she was free from the noise and riot of the public- house; and the even more offensive familiari- ties of the flaunting handmaidens who condescended to wait upon her. The servant—procured for her by Johnson —was a really pretty, modest-looking girl of about fifteen, handy and capable, and apparently good-tempered. The poor girl had lived in Alsatia since she was a child, and had probably never even seen an honest per- son before. In her eyes, the world was di- vided into two classes—the oppressors, and the oppressed. The latter, goaded to desperation by their wrongs, were compelled to fight for life, and were, she thought, fully justified in desplorling the former, whenever they had a chance. Her father had died in gaol, and her mother continued to live on in Alsatia, acting as housekeeper to such gentlemen as were un- provided with womankind of their own, and otherwise occupying her time by taking in washing. The girl (her name was Susan Brodie) had an elder brother, of whom she spoke with loving pride. He was, in her eyes, a perfect hero—by the world at large he was regarded as an unmitigated ruffian. Of course it had been necessity to coach this maid for the part she had to play; but the task was not so difficult as might have been anticipated. From her earliest years she had been taught the art of holding her tongue. Even in Alsatia it was not always advisable to let your neighbours know what "lay" you were on, and Susie was quite ac- customed to have a certain line of conversa- tion chalked out for her from which she was never to depart under any provocation what- ever. Talleyrand's maxim that speech was given to man to enable him to conceal his thoughts, was well understood in Alsatia, and Susie was a pupil who would have charmed even that prince of deception him- self. Nevertheless she was a good-hearted, even affectionate girl, and, at first sight, she ac- quired a liking for Alma, which speedily de- veloped into love. For her part, Alma found great consolation in the society of her little handmaid, she had been entirely dependent for companionship upon those beneath her in station, so she found no difficulty in unbend- ing such as a young lady of more fastidious training might have experienced. The one discordant element in Alma's life was the constant presence of Mr. Johnson, alias Sumner. He lived nominally at the inn, but almost the whole of his time was spent at the cottage, where, at last, he became such a nuisance, even to the Pro- fessor, that that gentleman was obliged to remonstrate with him, and point out that charming as his Society might be in the main, it was quite possible to have too much of a good thing; and that his extreme pertinacity in urging his suit was likely to defeat this object, by making the girl view him in the light of a nuisance. " You see, my friend," he added, " young girls like to be alone sometimes. They have work to do which cannot be done before a visitor, and, even when a girl loves, she does not always desire the company of the beloved object." " Dashed if I can make 'em out at all," exclaimed Johnson, who had too much wit to be offended. " I thought I could not come too often, but, since you seem to think I had better hold off a bit, I tell you what I'll do: I'll take a run down to Snob's Gully and see how the claim is getting on—got a half share in the best claim in the gully, you know. Maybe I'll be away for two or three days, and, when I come back, I'll take care not to call in too often." The Professor highly applauded this re- solution, and Alma clapped her hands with delight, as soon as she heard the news. " Now we will enjoy ourselves !" she said to Susie when they were alone. " Whilst he was continually coming in and out, I never could get a moment to myself. I don't like that man at all. Do you, Susie ?" Susie opined that he was rather a shy lot, and no great shake anyway; and added that, when he was gone, they could pay a visit to the caves in comfort. These, caves were situated a mile or two away, and, according to Susie, were the most wonderful and most beautiful caves in the wide world. The girls made up their minds to spend a long day in exploring them at the very earliest opportunity. CHAPTER XXVI. IN THE CAVES. It was a magnificient morning when Alma and Susie set out upon their excursion to the caves. The Professor had somewhat un- graciously given his consent to the trip, but absolutely declined to make one of the party —not very much to the disappointment of either of the girls, who would have felt sadly incommoded by the presence of such veria- table kill-joy. They had provided themselves with a basketful of sandwiches and a bottle of milk, and tripped along the mountain path as merrily as two little fawns. By this time, Susie was entirely in Alma's confidence. She had learned all about Grabenthal, and Frau Werther and Gustl— of whom she was inclined to be jealous—and above all, she had received full particulars of the deliciously romantic meeting with Harry Lascelles, under the walls of Schlos's Raben- stein. The talk was a new revelation to this child of the bush, and she was never weary of ask- ing questions about the strange land where the mistress had passed her youth. The love affair, though of course intensely interest- ing, seemed commonplace to her by the side of those wonderful description of ancient castles, and old world peasantry. Susie had been the confidante of many a love affair, being indeed the repository of such confidences from half the young men of the village, who in the enforced absence from the beloved object, turned eagerly for sympathy to the only person in Alsatia who was likely to afford it. Nay, she had even had a love affair of her own, but it ended unhappily, she said, with a sigh, the young man being compelled to leave her for such a long term of years that the engagement was broken off. (She did not say that he was undergoing a sentence of seven years hard labor on the roads for horse- stealing.) "Oh, my poor Susie !" exclaimed Alma, when she heard this pitiful tale. " And is it broken off for ever? Why did you not wait?" "Well, you know, Miss," began Susie, nervously twitching the corner of her apron, " you see, miss, it was so long to wait, miss, and mother said I ought to do much better, miss; and, after all, I've quite got over it, miss." "Yoa wicked girl 1 yoa never eoald have loved him at all." "Oh, yes but I did, miss," replied Susie, eager to vindicate her character. " I did love him very much, and I cried like to break my heart when he was took—that is to say, miss, when he had to go, miss." Susie had very nearly made a mistake, and she determined to extricate herself, so she began lying at once. " He rode off, miss, on a bay mare with a star and four white stockings, and his swag was rolled up in a blue blanket, and strapped tight down like a kid, miss, because the mare, which was bred by Barney Brallaghan, the blacksmith, was real wicked, and bucked awful when she began. And Johnny—that was his name, miss—he had on a cabbage- tree and a jumper, which I worked the front of myself and—" " Good gracious !" exclaimed Alma, " don't please talk so fast. I can't understand you one little bit. And, after all, it is a lot of nonsense. How could a horse wear stock- ings? And who ever heard of strapping kids on to saddles? And how could a man wear a tree on his head—a cabbage-tree, I think you called it?—Don't talk such stuff to me, if you please, in future. I believe you only did it because you knew you had behaved badly to that young man." Susie stared, open-mouthed, whilst Alma delivered this tirade, which she did with con- siderable vehemence; and then, as it dawned upon her that her young mistress was in earnest, she broke out into a laugh, which changed into a wail as she caught the ex- pression of the young lady's countenance. " I didn't go to do it, miss!" she sobbed out. " I didn't remember you was a new- chum, and that you didn't understand our talk—which rubbish it do sound, the way you puts it, miss." Alma blushed, for she called to mind her first experience of colonialisms, as they fell from the lips of Harry Lascelles, and she took Susie's hand very tenderly. "Don't cry, dear," she said. " It was all my fault. I should not have been so stupid as to forget that you use many expressions which I do not understand. Come now, you shall explain to me what you meant. To begin with:—what is a cabbage tree ?" Susie smiled through her tears, and gave the requisite information, and the storm passed over. The path wound around the side of a steep mountain, and was overhung by dense masses of foliage, so that the blazing sun was often hidden from view, and caused them no in- convenience. Alma was charmed with the many brilliant wild-flowers, and delicate ferns with which the mountain was covered; and, as she inhaled the rich perfume of the "bush," and listened to the twittering of the smaller birds; the cooing of the wild pigeons, the mad laughter of the laughing-jackass, and the joyous carol of the magpie, she thought that a walk through Paradise could scarcely be more delightful. Presently the path trended suddenly down- ward, and, after a sharp turn, they found themselves at the entrance to the caves. Before them rose a huge wall of granite, stained here and there a rich brown, whilst ferns and tufts of grasses peeped out from many a fissure. Low down there was an opening half concealed by shrubs which Susie said was the entrance. It looked so dark that Alma was afraid to go, but Susie had no such scruples, and readily plunged into the gloom, whither, after a moment's hesitation, Alma followed her. For some yards they walked along a narrow passage, in a species of twilight, and then, suddenly, they stepped out into broad daylight. " There!" exclaimed Susie, " what do you think of that?" They were standing in a vast amphitheatre of rocks, which narrowed in towards the summit, but still left a sufficient opening to flood the place with light. The floor was covered by huge boulders, heaped together as they may be seen on the sea-shore. The blue-gray of the granite, stained by rains, and flecked with mosses and ferns, presented every hue of the rainbow, under the rays of the sun, which at that time was plainly to be seen through the opening at the top. It was a wild, mysterous place, not in the least like the cavern Alma had expected to see. She thought to find stalactites and stalagnites, such as she had seen in Germany, and, for a moment, she was disappointed; but soon she was compelled to recognise the solemn grandeur of the scene, and she readily re- sponded to Susie's desire that it should be ap- preciated. "It is magnificent—but terrible! It looks as if it had been the scene of some fierce combat of Titans, who had hurled those rocks about in savage wrath. It is wonder- ful—wonderful!" Susie wondered what Titans were, and how it could be possible for them to heave such huge masses of stone at one another ! bat she refrained from questioning—the very ignorant always do so refrain—everything around them is a mystery, and they are con- tent to plod on in their ignorance. " Shall we lunch here ?" she asked, when she thought she had allowed her young mis- tress sufficient time to admire. " If you please," said Alma. " Anywhere will do. I am not hungry. " I—I—" here, much to her own surprise, and greatly to the dismay of her attendant, Alma began sobbing hysterically, and was fain to seat herself on a boulder, and rest her head on Susie's shoulder. " What is the matter, miss ?" asked the frightened girl. "I—I don't know," sobbed Alma. "I was so happy just now—and now—oh, this is too foolish! I think it is this awful still- ness that frightened me, and yet I do not feel frightened, nor unhappy—I—cannot tell how I feel !" Susie was seriously alarmed, Hysteria was a species of disorder which found little favor amongst the denizens of Alsatia; such symptoms of it as occasionally appeared being invariably attributed to excess in the use of stimulants. She had seen drink-sod- dened females "carry on," as she termed it, much after the same fashion as Alma was now doing; but, as the ladies in question were always either drunk, or suffering a re- covery from a debauch, she could perceive no analogy between their cases and that of her young mistress. Susie pointed out sundry fissures which, she said, led into other caves, for the most gloomy and uninteresting, and, she added, there was another entrance on the opposite side of the mountain. They then had lunch, a perfectly delight- ful repast, although it consisted merely of sandwiches and milk ; then Alma set to work to gather a nosegay of ferns and such flowerets as had their habitat in the cavern. Suddenly she was startled by a crash of thunder, followed by a jagged flash of light- ning which seemed to strike the ground almost at her feet. " Quick, miss !" cried Susie—for Alma had clambered many yards up the rampart of rock. " Come back at once ! The rain will be a-comin' down in torrents afore you could say 'knife.' " It was one of those violent thunderstorms which are peculiar to the Australian summer, and, as Susie had said, Alma was scarcely able to get under cover before the rain fell in almost a solid sheet of water into the cavern. The girls took refuge in the fissures, and for awhile enjoyed the magnificent spectacle in silence. The peals of thunder swelled to enormous volume amid the rocks, and rever- berated and returned again, till the roar became perfectly deafening. Then the light- ning flashed, as it seemed, into the heart of the cavern, flooding it with pale blue light, which dazzled the eye until it became pain- ful look upon. At last Susie, the practical, suggested that they should make a nest and sleep till the storm was over. This suggestion by no means pleased Alma, who—although she was more than half-terri- fied—would not withdraw from the fascina- tion of this wild war of the elements. But for the contemplation of such a scene, com- panionship is by no means necessary, or even desirable when the companion is one of those unimaginative people who cannot even comprehend the emotions excited in the higher nature, so Alma bade the girl sleep if she could, whilst she herself would look on, for awhile, at any rate. Susie, nothing loth, coiled up behind a huge rock, and, in a very few minutes, was in the land of dreams. Gradually the thunder and lightning passed away, but the rain still descended in torrents. The scene had lost its charm, and Alma wished that she could follow her com- panion's example. The outlook was inex- pressibly dreary, so she determined to ex- plore. Susie had told her that the fissure, in which they had sought shelter, was but the passage way to a cavern of large extent, which was, however, dark and uninteresting, the little light filtering through cracks and crannies in the rocky roof. But Alma was weary of waiting for the rain to cease, and decided that any change of scene could only be for the better. For some twenty yards, she walked in ever- increasing gloom, when she was sur- prised to see a red reflection on the gigantic wall, whilst a faint murmur, as of whispered conversation, fell upon her ear. She stopped, and half-turned, with the in- tention to awaken Susie, but, curiosity, that bane of woman-kind, laid its grip upon her, and she determined to find out something more before she retraced her steps. So, with beating heart, she crept slowly onward, pausing at every moment to listen. For a moment or two she stood bewildered, but then she started violently, and eagerly listened, for she had heard the name of Lascelles. " So this young Lascelles is going to take charge this trip?" asked the taller of the two men. " Yes, the captain's down with fever an' ague, an' he's got promotion. Nice job he'll have of it, eh?"' Here they both laughed—that hoarse, gutteral laugh, which seems so peculiarly the property of a villainous nature—and Alma shuddered. "What is to be done?" asked the first speaker, when their horrible mirth had sub- sided. " It's jest the surest thing you ever was in, old man," replied the other. " You know old Rigby?" " The ole man of the mountain, yer mean ?"' "Yes—him. The escort camps at his place, and we'll tackle 'em there." ' " Blow me if I can see any sense in that move. Why not go at 'em in some gully?" "Becos we don't need to risk nuffin, or show at all. At Rigby's they allus camps in the big room. Tha gold's all stacked in the middle of the floor, and my nobles sleeps all around it. Well, that room's built on piles, and under them piles we creeps an' cuts away a board. Then one on us crawls up through, and hands down the boxes, all quiet and com- fortable, to his mates underneath. The escort snores away, thinkin' it's all right, cos they've got one man sleeping across the door, an' another acrost the winder. We've got a cart outside, a quarter of a mile off, and away we bowls with the swag, makes fur this blessed ole cavern, and divides it fair amongst all hands." "It looks righteous, but I'm blessed it I see how we'n a-goin' to cut through no floorin' board without waking' of 'em up." " Easy as shellin' peas. Jemmy the Nut 'ull manage that. He's got saws as 'ud cut through steel, and doesn't make no more noise when their greased than a cat walkin' on a carpet." " But if any of 'em should be awake?" " The hole'll be cut under one of the beds, so the chap as goes in 'll be able to look about afore he tackles the swag. Rigby's got a old uniform, too, fur him to put on, so, if he's seen, he won't be discovered all in a minute, and the werry first thing as ever he does 'ull be to collar their shootin' irons an' cutlashes." " Is Rigby in it?" . " 'Course he is, but he don't run no risk. Bless yer, he's right as ninepence." " Well, I'm on. How many of us is there to be altogether ?" " Must have a dozen. Yer see, it's a rare big pile, an' we aint a goin' to throw sich a chance away. If them escort chaps does wake up and show fight we must have enough to lick 'em." When is it to come off ?" They'll be at the old man's on Toosday night—that's fower clear days. We meet here at one o'clock on Toosday sharp. Bring yer weppins and a good hoss, and a leather walise to carry your share o' the swag. That's all, and, as the storm's over, I guess we'd better hook it." Alma—pale, trembling, and with palpita- ting heart, and panting for breath—listened, and remembered every word of this conver- sation ; then, as the men strode away, she sank to the ground, and lay there half- faint- ing ; till she was startled by Susie's voice calling her from the outer cavern." It flashed across her mind that, as she was approaching the rock, behind which she had concealed herself, she had heard a voice— which she had learned afterwards to distin- giish as that of the shorter of the two vil- lains—call the other man "Brown," and ask him whether he had been to Alsatia yet to see little Susie! The girl had said she had a brother—could this Brown be he? If so, it would be madness to take Susie into her confidence. No—she must hold her peace, until she arrived at home, and told her uncle. But here a fresh difficulty suggested itself— —If she told him all, might he not be temptexd to let the affair take its course, in his dislike for Harry Lascelles? The life she had led, since her arrival in Australia, had weakened her confidence in the Professor; and, at least where Harry was concerned, she would not trust him. It may be asked how it happened that she was so certain that the "young Lascelles,: al- luded to by the men, was identical with our friend Harry. I am unable to account for it. Women possess the gift of instinct, which often serves them more effectively than does the reason of their lords and masters. Alma never doubted for one moment ; and I may as well admit at once that she was right. She accounted to Susie for her absence by saying she had gone a little further up the passage, lain down, and fallen asleep. Even that good little girl could tell a fib on occasion. CHAPTER XXVII. M'CORKLE'S ADVICE. Harry Lascelles, with his foot ...... his native heath, was a different being ..... a few weeks. Affairs at the station had ..... gradu- ally going wrong, ever since the first dis- covery of gold. Shepherds and stockmen had deserted; had been replaced by others, who, in their turn, as soon as they had ac- cumulated a few pounds, had made off, and so things had gone on, until, at the time of their arrival, Mr. Lascelles and his son found the overseer in despair. There remained on the station only two or three "old hands," as- signed convicts, who did not dare desert, but whose labor was almost worthless. For a while, therefore, Harry had his hands full of work, and could spare no time brood- ing over his love affairs. But, when order was restored, and the regular work of the station went on as usual, the old fit came on him with renewed vigor, and he became as great a nuisance as he had been during the voyage from England. Mr. Standish Lascelles, worried beyond en- durance, puzzled his wits to find a remedy for what he had now learned to regard as disease; and, having no one else to commune with, consulted his overseer. (To be continued.) Oddities in Wills. Simple a matter as it really is, lawyers have not always been successful in drawing their own wills. Lord St. Leonards, High Chan- cillor of England, who as, Edward Sugden, was the most eminent chancery lawyer in England, and who, with a number of law books, one particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew his own will, and it required an expensive lawsuit and a decision of a court of chancery to give it pro- per effect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord High Chancellor, drawn by him- self, met with the same fate. I could give many similar instances. There have been devises to animals or for their benefit which have been valid to cats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not un- frequently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humor, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven- teenth century has several items of that kind —for instance:" I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make this legacy willingly because I know that he will faithfully dis- charge it unto the poor. Item—I give up the ghost." Lord Bacon had no property to leave, but he left a regular executed will, in which he bequeathed his name and memory " to men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations and the next ages." Shakespeare left an elaborate will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shakespeareans not a little, "I give unto my wife my second best bed, with the furniture." Why did he only give Ann Hathaway his second best, and not his best bed? Nothing else did she get, and the world has sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before the battle of Trafalgar, by which he be- queathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country, but neither king nor country accepted the legacy, and they both came to want, Lady Hamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon in his will left a handsome legacy to a wretch named Chatillon, who had at- tempted to assassinate Wellington. The will of Rabelais has this clause: " I owe a great deal; the rest I give to the poor." His last words when dying were: " I go to see the great Perhaps." A famous French abbe had this pithy clause in his will: "To my steward I leave nothing, because he has been in my service for eighteen years." It is not unusual for a man to leave all his property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marries again she is to have only what the law allows her. I have drawn a number of such wills. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife so. He had married very late in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, of Roanoke, a woman much younger than himself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome income to her, and then provided that in case she married again the income should be doubled. A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncupative will—that is, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may be dis- posed of, but you, being a civilian, must make yours in writing. It don't matter much what the writing is on—it may be on a slate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable that it is advisable that it should be on paper or parchment. You may write it and sign your name in pencil if you like, but it is bet- ter to do it ink. You may make your will in Choctaw, if you happen to understand that language, or it may, as Hamlert says: "be writ in the choic- est Italian"; you may write it in shorthand, or in abreviations, or in cipher, so long as you leave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind it, if they can make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even that is permit- ed as the following case of a valid will shows: I give and bequeath, When I'm laid underneath, To my loving sisters most dear, The whole of my store, Were it twice as much more, Which God's goodness has granted to me. And that none may prevent This, my will and intent, Or occasion the least of law racket, With a solemn appeal, I confirm sign and seal, This the true act and deed of Will Jacket. It seems strange that in so small a coun- try as England, and one which has been civi- lized so long, there should be found any new plants at this late day; yet a species of lichen, hitherto unknown to occur in Britain, was recently discovered in Westmoreland. Cali- cium Roscidium is its Botantical name. A French physiologist has ascertained that very poisonous extracts may be abtained from edible mushrooms, by treating them with chloroform or various ethers. He calls these poisons, cryptomaines. To their presence. may be attributed the fatal effects which sometimes result from eating fungi which are ordinarily perfectly wholesome. 