THE UNDYING WORM. No man in this life, not even the man who has studied the Book of God, and bis own heart, and the moral and spiritual laws of Q-od best, knows what tho unquenchable fire means, nor what is it to be. Christ said there wero many 'things impossible for Him to tell his deciples. but Ho told thom enough \-- to save their souls from Tophot. No doubt it was impossible for even Christ Himself to toll us what tho fire of hell in reality is. Tho whole state of human oxistonco after deuth, and especially our oxistonco aftor tho day of judgmont, is so mystorious — it must be iu everything so unlike our proBont stato of ox istonco — that it may have been impossible oven for Him to toll moro than Ho has here told us, Ho iB our solo and supreme au thority on all matters connoctod wi'h sin, death, and judgment. He has loft other fields for other men to oxplore, but Ho alone knew this fiold, und ilo has oxplorod it for us. And throo times in this passago, as; if' to show there can be uo mistake about it, He employs tho terrible figure of the ' unquench able fire.'' Since He is silont as to what the fire is, wo cannot ao much as touch the bor der of tho mystory that haugs about tho dreadful word. But wo will suroly, if v/o aro sano, pray und labor and suffer, as Ho demunds, so that none of us and none of our children shall ovor make tho horriblo dis covery as to what tho fire really is. God keep us all out of it 1 Tho unquouohablo firo wo cannot in this world bother tusto or under stand, but tho undying worm wo all taste. That cruel worm is already at work iu our souls. What is tho worm that dioth not, but a sin-luden conscience awalceuod whou it is too late ; whou tho day of inercy is clean gono for ovor, and tho door of hopo is shut and locked. Whothor the worm, now gnaw ing in many bosoms hero, shall evor die, or shall go on increasing to all etornity, ia boing settled by oach of us, liiomont by moment. In somo mon's bosoms tho pain of that worm is raging incessantly, bl-aehing their facos. making their hair grey, because its timo is short. In many a man this worm is almost asleep beoauso it has aa otornity before it, to awaken up and doitB work. Wo do not need to go beyond Soripturo to Blndy this worm of romorse, for this, liko ovorything olse, is iu tho holy book. We hoar tho cry of this awakonod conscience in Cain, in Saul, in Judas. And all profano litoraturo, worthy of the namo, is full of that horror. Our own hearts, alas ! aro not stainless, Thoro aro mon and women here, whoso ashy facos this day show that Jthcy aro suffering from that which no physician cau got at — tho sloopless tooth of tho worm of God. Moralists and theologians call if- romorse; Christ calls it tho undyi.-ig worm, Iu truth it is God Al mighty Himself, It is the righteous Judge, in his righteous anger, makiug his wrath felt iu those who aro preparing thomselves to be tho vessels of his wrath. But when all is said, this remains true, thutin uo living man has that worm ever awakened in full fury, not oven in Judus himself, or in tho most miser able man hore who has sinned against light as Judas nevor did. Wliut a book the Bible is ! aud what a fool is ho who noglects or goes against it. What discoveries it makes to us of things otherwise undiscover ablo and unimaginable by us. It opens at ono timo tho eternity of the past, and shows us our election of grace ; at another timo it shows us tho eternity that is to como, where wo see our fathers, aud the saints before us, rejoicing in glory. It takes us to Gethse mane, and leads us up to Calvary ; while aguin, under its awful guidance, we stand in anticipation before tho groat white throne It shows us the sons of God in the glories of heaven ; it lays onr ear to the door of hell, and lets us hear tho weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth of old follow-worshippers, as they lie with the firo around them, and ilie undying worm in their bosoms. 'With all our sleeping draughts and comforts wo can not command a quiot night here in our earthly bodies. When the remembrance of tho past begins, our midnight bod is some times let down as with coffin curtains into tno caverns oi lopnet, anu wo lasto in me night watchos a little of what an enternity of remorse will be.- No wonder thoy say iu tho morning, ' You have not slept.' We wero remembering onr lifetime. Wo saw the long forgotten past in the light of God's law. Liko angry ghosts thero Btood uround our bed tho souls whose destruction wo had a hand in long ago ; the households we have ruined ; the hearts wo havo broken or beclouded, aud boasted about it ; the fiiends we havo betrayed ; tho men whose good name wo have dono our best to dishonor. What a eompauy, liko a nest of hornets, pusses around our bod, till we are able to say that wo uudorstand now, better than all our teachers, what is the worm that dioth not, and tho consuming firo that is not quenched. If ono night wateh on earth can bo made terrible, what will the awful night bo ou which no morning will ever dawn ? ? Son, daughtor, romember thy short life- timo ! And in all your remorse, and repontanco, and reformation, and restitution, tako with you that which alono has power to kill tho undying worm. Tako with you that wh'ch alono can speak the poaco that paBSeth all understanding to tho guilty conscience ; and that which alone can turn away from you the wrath of God. Tako this with you ; ' If i.is-coiifess our sins He is faithful aud just to forgive us our sins.' Thus 'tho blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, cleanseth us from all sin.' — The Christian. Tub following remarkable paragraph ap- 1 pears in tho Bendigo Independent ; — ' The town is full of stories, whether true or not, of euros by Dr and Mrs Duflot, the ' Cana- j dian Healers.' Yesterday a middle aged woman, paralysed in her legs and arms, was brought from her home at Kangaroo Flat in order that sho might havo tho opportunity of consulting tho now famous ' Canadian Healer.' Tho woman was well kuowu by many in the audience, and known also to have been iu a paralysed condition for four yoars. When brought to tho ' Golden Chariot' by her friends it took three men to lift her up into it, as she was as helpless as a child. Mrs Duflot thon took her oaso in hand. Boforo doing anything, however, Dr Duflot ' an nounced to tho audienco that ho was prepared to givo_£1000 to any medical man who could euro the woman, as he considered it a vory bad case.' M:s Duflot had tho patient uuder trautmeut for 10 or 15 minutes. Then, aftor sho had boon allowed to rest for about 15 minutes, Bhe was asked to tako a glasB con? taining medicine and to drink it, which sho did much to the astonishment of the assem bled crowd, for many knew her, and know that previously sho could not lift her hand at all. Sho then came down from tho chariot unaided, and walked by herself to the fence and back again. ' When the crowd saw the woman (she is abont fifteen stono weight) walking without any assistance they vocifer ously cheered Dr and Mrs Duflot. There is no doubt about the change made in tho wo man, but whothor it will be pormanont re mains to be Been, It at any rate created a sensation amongst the spectators yesterday, and tho wish was expressed that a matter of U„ -l,n ? ? UO IUO.ULI U|J UJ HID press. Tho caso no doubt will bo cloBoly watched, and should tho euro bo lasting tho reputation, of tho healer will be firmly OBtab lished.' It may be Btated Dr Dutlot has sinco tho above ocourrod effected some ex traordinary cures; iu one iustauco reatoriug sight to a blind boy. Thoso who have beeu cured advertise tho cures in tho public papers.' TiiEitE iB ono instinct in tho wild rabbit which workB to sproad tho post in a somewhat poculiar way. Tho male rabbit dreading evidently tho abnormal fecundity of his raco will destroy tho young ones whonovor he gots a chance. He is, by instinct, a Malthusian of the most invotorato type. Tbo female on tho other hand appears to hold tho opposite thoory, and consequently always takes caro to remove her young out of hex lord and master's way. Tho instinct of tho male to destroy seems to havo dovclopod a countor uctiug instinct in tho fetnalo to protect, and tho two working iu conjunction cause tho ' tribo an it multiplies to be continually spread ing out. A female about to briug forth young, always goes away from tho burrow | whoro alio previously rosided, and makos a new homo for horsolf at a safe distance. Horo a now rabbit colony iB fouuded.atid so on. Tho plentifulness of feed and wator ovory whoro nocossarily favors this advance, mak ing it possible, whoro it woro otherwise ini I possiblo, aud thoro is no question of a doubt ' about its having largely assisted tho rabbit in vasion siuco tho broaking up. of tho lato drought. In theso columns a short timo ago an ac count was givon of some experiments of M. M. Hayem and Barrier to detormino how long consciousness continuod in tho heads of de capitated animals. Tho samo oxperimentors have communicatod to tho Paris Academy of SeiencoB tho results of furthor investigations on tlio same subjoct. They arranged mattors so that at nny desired instant a stroam of blood from a living horso could bo started and kopt flowing through tho dissevered hood of a dog. Tho chief difficulty consistod in gotting tho stroam started boforo tho head became inert, for whon onco tho head did becomo inert thero was no reviving it. Within ten soconds after the stroke that sovors tho hoad it is possiblo to revive it by means of an abundant stream of oxygenated blood. This does not moan that consciousness laBts that timo in the disseverod hoad. In reality, con sciousness ceases almost instantaneously aftor decapitation, but within ten seconds conscious, noss can be revivod: Tho experimenters wero able to got all tho signs of consciousness from a dog's head kopt alivo with horse's blood. Thus the eyeballs could be Caused to movo in different directions by the approach of a blight light or by tho sound of a familiar voico ; at times the whole head twitched w'th expres sions of pain and terror, tho tongue attempted to lap up water placed near it, and to spit out bitter substances placed on it; the ears were pricked up iu response to calling and plaintivo cries issued from the throat whon a supply of wind was blown through tho windpipe. Tbo imagination of an Edgar Allan Poo could con juro up no woirder or grimmer picture than that of a dog's hoad feeling and willing with blood from a living horse aud piteously whin ing with air from a bellows. 