IRELAND SINCE THE UNION.* Jjf some respects it is not surprising that the reading of Irish history has not been quite as popular as it might have been. The monotony of failure might well deter most Irishmen from opening a page of the history of the oouatry. Bright the story is, and fruitful of brave and heroio example; but every chapter has had the same chilling end —the emigrant ship alternating with penal servitude, and both varied by the gallows. How do we read of '98, of Emmet's brief and brilliant life, of '48, of '55, of '67, but with whatever of enthusiasm we can, strongly tempered by the anticipation that they all ended in exile and death ? As one historian puts it, " Many men refrain from reading Irish history as sensitive and selfish persons refrain from witnessing human suffering." All this, as Mr. M'Oarthy'a present work brings home to us, is largely ohanged. The history of the present century nan be taken up now, and read with the oonsoionsness that the time iB near at hand when it can be no longer said that the saorifioes that have sanotified the cause of Irish Nationality have been made in vain. Mr. McCarthy's gratefnl dedication of his book to Mr. Gladstone marks the olose of the old and the beginning of the new order of things. One can read "the sad story of a Nation's wrong and of an Empire's orime with new sensations, feeling that it is all at last really past and gone, and that the brighter era cannot be long delayed, although it is being pat of! by the forcible feebleness of a Government of Crutohes. Mr. M'Oarthy's book is not a history, but rather a series of sketches embracing the history of the Union and since. His two dozen chapters are epochal. They deal with the landmarks of the city, beginning with a preliminary sketch of the Penal Laws, then the Parliament,, next the Volunteers, Ninety-Eight, the Union, Catholic Emancipation, Daniel O'Connell, the Tithe War, and so on, down to Home Rule. It is not necessary that we Bhould say that the story is told well. Mr. M'Carthy, the younger, has already carved out a name and fame tor himself &B; a writer, if not powerful, most certainly brilliant. While his narratives of what Mr. Gladstone has called the " devilish enginery" of English misgovernment is full of interest and animation, we cannot but select for special reference his faculty for pictureBqne character painting. The author is apparently well aware of his forte, for no occasion is lost to throw upon bis canvas the features, the mind, and the genius of men In the opening pages we come across the fol lowing admirable, but by no means the beBt, illustration of what we mean :— Visitors to Dublin to-day, who wander within Trinity, may often have pointed out to them by their friends an elderly man of soholastio appearance and aoademio garb, author of " Who Fears to speak of Ninety-eight?" There is something very ourions about the cloistered life of a man who gave to a National movement one of its most powerful inspirations, who enriohed the literature of Irish discontent with one of the most famous of rebellions ballads. For more than forty years, " The Memory of the Dead" has been dear to tbe hearts of Irishmen in every part of the world. When it was written, when it first appeared in the pages of the Nation, some of " the brave, the faithful, and the few," still lived and looked npon the sun. In foreign exile the hearts of Arthur O'Connor and Miles Byrne, of Wexford, still beat responsive to the aspirations of Irish liberty. In tbe long interval two fresh revoln tionary efforts have been made. Through ali this great gap of time the author of the seditious ballad which has " played BO brave a part" has lived his quiet, studious life in self-chosen exile from the great world of politics, oblivious of the fierce emotions and strong passions which he did so much to stimulate. A Tyrteeus for ten minutes, he gave Ireland an anthem, and then retired for ever into scholastic obscurity, Rouget de Lisle, singing his one wild war song, which was deBlined to become the voice not of one but of a hundred revolutions, and straightway sliding back into nothingness, an idle writer of foolish verses, known now only to the curious, finds his historical parallel in this professor of Trinity who was once the poet of rebellion. " The Memory of the Dead" was only a tour de force to him j it was destined to become the hymn the anthem, and the dirge of millions of his countrymen, There are many passages in this moBt attractive volume which we are tempted to quote BB specimens of Mr. M'Carthy's ex tremely clear narrative style, but we muBt content ourselves with the following fine description of the memorable 8th of April " the Honse of Commons :— The history of modern times affords no parallel to the exciting soene which the House of Commons presented on that afternoon. There were many members whose memories of the struggles on that battle ground went back to the days when Lord Palmerston was summarily dismissed from office in 1851, and to the wild exoitement whioh followed Mr. Lowe's honr of more than Roman triumph, when his pnrple face and silver hairs flamed comet-like aoross the olitioal horizon, and carried destruction t< S[r. Gladstone's Government in its wake There are even some who recalled feverish passions, the bitter animosities, and fiery enthusiasms of the days of the first Reform Bill. But no man's memory oonld conjure from the past any scene of excite ment comparable to that which Bt Stephen's witnessed on that memorable * Ireland Blnce the Union. Sketches of Irish Hiitory from 1798 to 1886. By Justin Hnntly M'Carthy, M,P. London Chatto and TCndos. Thursday The oratorioal capacity of Mr. Gladstone was never more strikingly manifest, than during the coarse of the three honrs and twenty-five minutes which his speech occupied. He waB excessively pale, and his voice was very hoarse at first, but he soon assumed complete command over its tones, and then the House listened one of the greatest speeches of our century. The inflections of the voice were marvellously controlled; the tones rose and fell; now in what seemed like most sybyllic exultation, anon dying down to some pathetic whisper low but perfeotly audible; every gesture farthering the dramatio intensity of the words the speaker was using. On Mr.\ Gladstone's own following the Prime Minister played as upon some favonrite instrument. Even the large proportion of the disaffeoted forget their differences for the moment—aotnally lost tbeir heads nnder the glamour of the performance—and oheered as lustily as the rest. Only the Conservatives sat stiffly and unmoved. . . . . Most those present had taken part in the thrilling incidents that have marked^|the stormy oonrse of Parliamentary history for the past six years. The House of Commons has outwatched the stars while the battle for Irish rights has raged below; night has faded into dawn and dawn become noon, and the day's strength waned into evening and through night to dawn again, while some fieroe Parliamentary struggle has been fought out. The representatives of the Irish nation have been again and again expelled from the Chamber amidst wild soenes of passion and tumnlt. Few who shared in those tumultuous emotions will forget the two fateful hoars ia whioh sacoessive Ministries fell on the cause of coercion before the votes of a united Irish party. All these soeneB and inoidents are graven upon men's memories, but no one of them, not the fiercest and stormiest, oonld for a moment compare with the keen, almost agonising, exoitement and the vast historical dignity of the scene whioh the House of Commons presented at four o'clock on the afternoon of Thursday, the ever memorable 8th of April. . . . But crowded though the Chamber was and crowded, too, with perhaps the most remark- able throng of men that has ever been gathered together within the walls of Westminster, it was for some of those present more closely crowded and with a yet more eminent congregation. The mind's eye of many an Irish member, gifted for the moment by fancy with the powers of second sight, peopled it with further presences. As the gaze waedered over that vast sea of human faces, they seemed to change to faces scarcely less familiar, though they have long been Btrange to sunlight and Btarlight, and in a moment a new and more Imperial Parliament, a Parliament not of the quick but of the dead, was summoned, and this new " call of the House" evoked from the long avenues of the past a world of stately shadows. The Irish benches, crowded with enthusiastic colleagues rallying in exultation around the chosen leader of their country and their cause, seemed to give place to legion of mighty and mournful phantoms. The white-haired, blind old man, whose stalwart frame was bowed by sorrow and whose sightless gazs had in it suoh a wistful pathoB, was not he the exiled shrine of so many pilgrimages ? Near him, his soldier's faoe writhed with pain or poison, came the great kinsman of his house. Owen Roe. Sarsfield, with the blood of Linden on his breast and hand; Talbot of Tiroonnell's weary, haughty faoe; Roger Moore, handsome, chivalrous, devoted; William Molyneux, with the " Case of Ireland" in his grasp; the small fervid figure of the Dean of St. Patrick's, with " fieroe indignation" blazing in his wild eyes; Lucas, with his volume olasped in his embraoe; the gallant bearing of Charlemont; Grattan in the uniform of the Volunteers; Flood restless and repentant; Curran swaying with stormy eloquenoe—these and many others floated by in proud succession. With them were yet livelier and loftier presences. Edward Fitzgerald, his comely body gashed with more scars than Cte jar's, and by baser hands; Tone, with that grim wound in his throat; Bagenal Harvey and Fr. John; the Brothers Sheares, in death as in life undivided; and Emmet, with the livid oircle round his young neck. On they oame, the long line of martyrs who had died to defeat the fatal prinoiple which the Aot of Union formulated, and who seemed now to rise from tbeir graves at tbe sound of the knell of that prinoiple. Nor were the phantoms of suoh fancy oonfined alone to one side of the house, nor to the Irish benches. Across the floor, even on the seat where the Ministers of the hour were grouped together, the eye of fanoy seemed to disoern the benign shadows of the illustrious dead. ObeBterfield and Fitzwilliam stood there side by side. The genins of Charles James Fox seemed to hover like an inspiring influence about the bowed form of the Prime Minister, and the likeness of Burke leaned over to prompt his brilliant biographer and follower with his silver voioe, and to encourage him with his golden counsel. A few more ominous and forbidding shapes were huddled together in angry companionship upon tbe Opposition side of the honse, nrkingly furtively in the dark spaces behind the Speaker's chair. Cornwallis and Castlereagh and Pitt, Stafford and Esser, and Perrot and Bagnal, Cromwell and William of Nassau, with Bueh baser speotres as Sirr and Swan and Higgins, emerged momentarily from the darkness and vanished again with the fitful confusion of a dream. All this, ghastly army, multiplying in bewildering rapidity, swayed and floated silently, forward, their pale faces shiqihg with wild emotions of hope and exaltation and hate. Then a great'ory rose np, a fieroe, tumultuous yell of triumph and salatation; tbe grey ghosts seemed to shudder at the sound, and swiftly vanished aB the olamonr rose to their plaoe of shades. St. Stephen's was itself again, and the assembled, living, breathing multitude were—the majority of them— obeering themselves hoarse in welcome of Mr. Gladstone, who had jast risen to his feet. Irishmen who listened to the orator, ajad heard; the impassioned words in whioh an English Minister for the first time in the fane of all the world recognised the rights of the Irish people, felt that indeed the mighty dead might well be content with that day's "business, and might,- indeed, if it were permitted to them, quit their resting plaoes to share in the. triumph of a day whioh marks an epoch in Irish history—an epooh whioh seems as if it were destined to end theoldevilorder of repression and revolution, open tbe new order of freedom and of hope. To the story BB told in this volume we look for a powerful influence in forming the English mind upon the relations of the two countries.— Freeman's Journal. 