HE FELL IN LOVE WITH HIS WIFE.' Bi E. P. ROE (Author of 'From Jest to Earnest ? icg a Chestnut Burr,' 4 An Original Belle. ttc.j Chapteb XIII— Not Wife, but Waif. Tom Watterly s horse was mmjihw - heart. It was a bob tailed, raw animal, but, as Tom complacently toAiioa, 4 He can pass about anything the road— a boast that he let no chance « TT« — M nwanlA nfufifti escape ox veriiyiog, jls ww » — to the poor woman to go dashing througb toe streets in an .open waggon, feeling that ev ry eye was upon her. With head bowed down, she employed her failing strength in holding herself from falling out, yet almost wishing that she might be dashed against some otojeos that would end her wretohed life. , occurred to Tom that the woman at his ®1"8 might not, after her recant experience, share in his enthusiasm, and be pulled up, remarking, with a rough effort at sympathy, 4 It's a cussed shame you've been treated so, and as soon as you're ready, I'll help you get even with the scamp.' 4 I'm not well, sir,' said Alida, humbly. 4 1 only ask for a quiet place where I can rest till strong enough to do some kind of worK. 4 Well, well.' said Tom, kindly, den t lose heart. 4 We'll do the best by you we can. That ain't saying very much, tbougo, for we're fall and running over.' He soon drew rein at tbe poorhouse door and pnrancr nnt. 4 1— I — feel strange, Alida gasped. . . . Tom caught the fainting woman in faiB arms, and shouted, 4 Here, Bill, Joe, you lazy loons, where are you ?' "ma Three or four half wrecks of men shunted to his ass; stance, and together they bore the unconscious weman to the room which was used as assart of hospital. Some old crones gathered around with such restoratives as they had at commend. Gradually the stricken woman revived, but as the whole miserable truth c&me; bach, she turned her face to the wall with a sinking of heart akin to despair. At last, from sheer exhaustion, feverish sleep ensued, from which she often siarfced with moans and low cries. One impression haunted her — she was falling, ever falling into a dark, bottomless abyss. Hours passed in the same partial stupor, filled with phantoms and horrible dreams. Towards evening "she aroused herself mechanically to take the broth Mrs. Watterly ordered her to swallow, then relapsed into the same lethargy. Late in the night she became conscious that someone was kneeling at her bedside and fondling her. She started up with a slight ery. 4 Don't be efeard ; it's only me, dear,' said a quavering voice. Ia the dim rays of a night lamp, Alida saw an old woman with grey hair falling about her face and on her night-robe. At first, in her confused, feverish impressions, the poor waif was dumb with superstitious awe, and trembled between joy and fear. Gould her mother have oome to comfort her in her sore extremity ? 4 Fat ye're head on me ould withered breast,' said the apparition, 4 an' ye'll know a mithez's heart niver changes. I've been alockin' for ye and expeotin' ye these long, weary years. They said ye wouldn't oome back — that I'd niver find ye ag'in ; bnt I knowed I wud, and here ye are in me arms, me darlint. Don't draw away from ye're ould mither. Don't ye be afeared or 'shamed loike. No matter what ye've done or where ye've been or who ye've been with, a mither's heart weloomeB ye back jist tbe same ar when yes were a babby an' slept on me breast. A mither's heart ud quench the fires o' helL I'd go inter the burnin' flames o' the pit anv bear ye out in my arms. So niver fear. Now that I've found ye, ye're safe. Ye'll not rln away from me ag'in. I'll honld ye— I'll hould ye kaok,' and the poor creature olasped A iida with such convulsive energy that" she screamed from pain and terror. 4 Ye shall net get away from me, ye shall not go bsok to evil ways. Whiet, whist, be aisy and let me plead wid ye. Think how many long, weary years I've looked for ye and waited for ye. Niver have I slept noight or day in me w&tohin;'. Ye may be so stained an' lost an' ruined that the whole wourld will scorn ye, yet not ye're mither, not ye're onld mither. O Nora, Nora, why did ye rin away from me ? Wasn't I koind ? No, no, ye cannot lave me ag'iD,' and she threw herself on Alida, whOBe disordered mind was tortured by what she heard. Whether or not It waB a more terrible dream than had yet oppressed her, she scarcely knew ; but in the excess of her nervens horror she sent out a cry cnas ecuuea ia every part ox tne large building. Two old women rushed in and dragged Alida's persecutor screaming away. 4 That's alius the way o' It,' she shrieked. 4 As soon as I find me Nora they snatches me and carries me off, and I have to begin me watohin' and writin' and lookin' ag in.' Alida continued Bobbing and trembling violently. One of the awakened patients sought to assure hsr by saying, 4 Don't mind it so, miss. It's only old crazy Kate. Her daughter ran away from her years and years ago — how many no one knows — and when a young woman's brought here she thinks it's her Tost Nora. They oughtn't a let her get ont, knowin' yon was here.' For several days Alida's reason wavered. The nervous shock of her sad experiences had been so great that it did not seem at all improbable that she, like the insane mother, might be haunted for the rest of her life by an overwhelming impression of something lost. In her morbid, shaken mind shs con founded the wrong she had received with guilt on her own part. Eventually, she grew calmer and more sensible. Althccgh her conscience acquitted her of intentional evil, nothing could remove the deep rooted con viction that she was shamed beyond hope of remedy. For a time she was unable (o rally from nervous prostration ; meanwhile, her mind was preternaturally active, presenting every detail of the past until Bhe was often ready to ery aloud in her despair. Tom Watccrly took an unusual interest in her ease, and exhorted the visiting physician to do his best for her. She finally began to Fubltebea by gpecUl arrangement with the author. wa. clean, and the 2Sh each abundant, abe shrank shuddermg, ith eaon day's clearer aoneeicneness, ftoni M» majority o! those about J were tbe which she had BoareelydrMoea no common topic, of «>nwastiM. » ner mother, eho baa learned W jenerate gry hairs and it was an awf ai shock to a that io many of the feeblc oreato«8 aboot her were coarse, wicked, and evil dp How oould their wahered bp. frame the words they spoke? How could they dwell on subjects that were profanation, to such wrecks of womanhood as 1 Moreover, they pereecuted her by their eurioBity. The good material in her apparel bad been examined and commented on , her wedding ring had been eeen and ris absence soon noted, for Alida, after mgthe power to recall the past fully . had thr away the metal lie, feeling that it was the last link in a chain binding her to a loathed and hated relationship. Learning from their questions that the inmates of the almB« house did not know her history, she refused to reveal it, thus awakening endless surmises. Many histories were made for her, the beldams vielng with each ether in construct ing the worst one. Poor Alida soon learned that there was pnblio opinion even in an almshouse, and that she was under its ban, In dreary despondency Bhe thought. 4 They've found out about me. If such creatures as these think I'm hardly fit to speak to, how can I ever find work among good, respectable DeoDle?' Her extreme depression, the coarse, vulgar, and unoharitable natures by which she was eorrounded, retarded her recovery. By her efforts to do anything in her power for others she disarmed the hostility of some of the women, and those that were mora or less demented became fond of her ; but the majority probed her wound by every look and word. She was a saint compared with any of these, yet they made her envy their respectability. She often thought, 4 Would to God that I was as old and ready to die as the feeblest woman here, if I oould only hold np my head like her.' One day a woman who had a child left it sleeping in its rude wooden cradle and went downstairs. The babe wakened and began to cry. Alida took it up acd found a strange solace in rocking it to sleep again upon her breast. At last the mother returned, glared a moment into Alida's appealing eyes, then snatched the child away with tbe cruel words, 4 Don't ye touoh my baby ag'in. To thick it ud been in the arms o' the loikes o ye J' Alida went away and sobbed until her strength was gone. She found that there MAMA j«mImaa«aam 1 VA hAVflfilt « nflfr WC&v; OwlllU vlvUCiO l/Qbi QWICvhl iftAv ilwaSvU y vVIV they accepted their positions as a matter of course— as if It belonged to them and was the least of their troubles. Her strength was returning, yet she was still feeble when she sent for Mrs. Watterly and asked, 4 Do you think I'm strong enough to take a place somewhere V 4 You ought to know that better than me,' was the chilly reply. 4 Do you— do you think I could get a place ? I would be willing to do any kind of honest work not beyond my strength.' 4 Yon hardly look able to sit upright. Better wait till you're stronger. I'll tell my husband. If applications come, he'll see about it,' and she turned coldly away. A day or two lathi' Tom came and said brusquely, but not unkindly, 4 Don't like my hotel, hey? What can you do ?' 4 I'm nsed to sewing, bnt I'd try to do almost anythingifcy which I could earn my living.' 4 Best thing! o dp is to prosecute that Bo∓ and make him pay you a good round sum.' She shook her head decidedly. 4 1 don't wish to see him again. I don't wish to go before people and have the— the — past talked about. I'd like a place with some kind, quiet people who keep no other help. Perhaps they wouldn't keep me if they knew ; bnt I would be so faithful to them, and try so hard to learn what they wanted ' 4 That's all noneenee, their not taking you, I'll find you a place some day ; but you're not strong enough yet. You'd be brought right back here. You're as pale as a ghost — almost like one. So don't be impatient, but give me a chance to find you a good place. I feel sorry for you, and don't want you to get among folks that have no feelings. Don't you worry now ; chirk up, and you'll come outright.' 4 1 — I think that if— if I'm employed, the people who take me ought to know.' said Alida, with bowed head. They'll be blamed fools if thev Son' think more of ycu when they do know,' was his response. 4 Still that shall be as yon please. I've only tola my wife, and they've kept mum at the police- station, so the thins hasn't got into the papers.' Alida's head bowed lower still as she replied, 4 1 thank you. My only wish now is to find some qoiet place in which I can work and be left to myself.' i/nT65' Tom, good-naturedly, Obeer up, 1 11 be on the lookout for you.' She turned fo the window, near were she was sitting, to hide the tears whioh his rough kindness evoked. 4 He doesn't seem to shrink from me as if I wasn't fit to be spoken to' she thought; 4 but his wife did. I'm afraid people won t take me when they know.' The April sunshine geared in at the window ; the grass was becoming green; ft robin alighted on a tree near hy and poured wa ? 80D8, For a 'ew moments hope, that had been almost dead in her heart. gratefully at the bird, thanking it m her heart for the song, it darted upon a string hanging on an adjacent spray and bore it to a crutch between two boughB. Then Alida saw it was building a neet. Her woman's heart gave way, «oh> she moaned, 4 1 shall never have a home again ! no place shared by one who cares for me. To work, end to be tolerated for the sake of my work, Is all that's left. Chapter XI Y. -A Pitched Battle. It was an odd household under Bolcroft's 01 "tf Sswtasr we htm described. The farmer, in a sense, had taken sanctuary' in bjs owe room, that ha might escape the manoeuvring wile73v? tormenting housekeeper. If she woold tent herself with general topics he woaldT" to endure her foolish, high-flown talk the three months ©xpired ; but thai; she tbonia speedily end openly take the initiative in matrimonial deslgCB was proof of mch an unbalanced mind that be was filled with nervous dread. 4 Hanged if one can tell what such a Billy, bair- braised woman will do next,' he thought, as ha brooded by the fire. 4 Sunday or no Sunday, I feel as if like to take my horsewhip and give LsmBci Weeks a piecs of my mind.1 Such musings did not promise well fQI Mrs. Mumpson, scheming in the paiioDt' below ; but, as we have seen, she had the faculty of arranging ail future events to her mind. That matters had not turned out in tbe past bb she had expected, counted lot nothing. She was one who oould not be taught, even by experience. 1 be most insignificant thing in Holcrcft's dwelling had not escaped her scrutiny and pretty scourate guess aB to value, yet she could not see tr understand the intolerable disgust and irritation which her ridiculous coadut! excited. In a weak mind, egotism and selfishness, beyond a certain point, pais int0 practical insanity. A'l sense of delicacy, of tbe fitness of things, is lost ; even the power to consider the rights and feelings o( othe.a is wanting. Unlike poor Holoroft, Mrr, Mumpson had few misgivings in regard to coming years. As she rocked unceasingly before the parlour fire, she arranged every thing in regard to his future as well as her own. Jane, quite forgotten, was oppressed with a miserable presentiment of evil. Her pinched Duv lDsexi&c; little ujiou was conceuLr&cect; qq two facts — Holoroft's anger and her mother's lack of sense From euoh premises it did not take her long to reason out but one con- elusion— 4 visitin' sgain and this was the summing up of all evils. Now aod then a tear would foroe its way out of one of her little eyes, but otherwise she kept her troubles to herself. Mrs. Wiggin8 was the only ocmplacent personage in the house, and she unbent with a g&rrnlons; affability to Jane, which oould be accounted for in but one way— Holoroft had forgotten about hie cider barrel, thereby uncooeciouBly giving her tbe oh&nce; to sample its eontente freely. She was now smoking her pipe with much content, and indulging in pleasing reminiscences which the facta of her life scarcely warranted. 4 Yen hi vas as leetle a gall as ye arc,' she began, and tben she related experiences quhe devoid of the simplicity and innocence of childhood. The girl soon forgot her fears and listened with avidity until the old dame's face grew heavier, if possible, with sleep, and she stumbled off to bed. Having no with -to seo or epesk to her mother again, the child blew out the candle and stole silently op tbe stairway. At last Mrs. Mumpson took her light acd west doi6uy atouuq| ccclllg lo kd6 iafitcfilcs 01 doors and windows. 4 1 know be is listening to every sonnd from me, and he shall learn what a caretaker I am,' she murmured softly. Once out-of-doors in tbe morning with his foot on the native heath of his farm, Hol oroft's hopefalness and courage always re turned. He was half angry with himeelf at his nervous irritation of tbe evening before, 4 If Bhe becomes eo cranky that I oan't stand her, I'll pay the three months' wages and clear her ont,' he had concluded, and he went abont his morning work with a grim purpose to submit to very little nonsense. Gider is akin to vinegar, and Mrs. Wigging's liberal potations of the evening before had evidently imparted a marked aridity to her temper. She laid hold cf the kitchen ntenBils as if she had a spite agaimt them, and when Jane, confiding in the friendliness shown so recently, came down to assist, she was chased out of doors with language we forbear to repeat. Mrs. Mumpson, therefore, bad no intimation of the low state of the barometer in th& regie n of the kitchen. 4 1 have taken time to think deeply aod calmly,' she murmured. 4 The proper coarse has been made clear to ms. He is somewhat uncouth ; be is silent and unable to express bis thoughts and emotions —in brief, undeveloped ; he is awfully irre ligious. Moth and ruet are busy in this house ; muoh that would be so useful is going to waste. He most learn to look upon me as the developer, the caretaker, a patient and helpful embodiment of female infiaencr. I will now begin actively my mission cf making him an ornerment to seoiety. Thst mountainous Mrs. Yiggice must be replaced by a deferential girl who will naturally lock np to me. How can I be a true caretaker — how can I bring repose and refinement to this dwelling with two hundred pounds c! female impudence always in mv wav ? Mr. Holeroft. shall sec that Mrs. Yiggins is en unseemly and jarring discord in our heme,' and she brought the rocking-chair from the parlour to the kitchen, with a serene end lofty air. Jane hovered near the window, watching. At first there was an ominous silence ia respect to words. Portentous sound b in creased, however, for Mrs. Wiggins strode about with martial tread, maki&g; the boards creak and the dishes olatter, while her red eyes shot lurid and sanguinary gleams. She would seize a dipper as if it were a foe, stemming it upon the table again as if striking an enemy. Under her vigorous manipulation, kettles and pans resounded with reports like fire arms, Mrs. Mumpson was evidently perturbed ; her calm superiority was forsaking her ; every moment she rocked faster, a sure in dication that she was not at peace. At IsbI she said, with gnat dignity, 4 Mrs. Yiggins, I must request you to perform your tasks with less clamour. My nerves are not equal to this peculiar way of taking up and laying down things.' 4 Yell. jes' ye vait a minute, han hi'll show ye 'ow hi kin take hup things han put 'em down bag'in haul 'o my vay,' and before Mrs. Mutnpaon could interfere, she found herself lifted, chair and all bodily, and carried to the parlour. Between trepidation and anger, she could only gasp daring the transit, and when left in the middle of the parlour floor she looked round in utter bewilderment. It m happened that Holcroft, on his way from the barn, had sees Jane looking ie at the window, and raipeetiiigiemelliaif ami! XT A .rfwdinsl to ttekth speetaole. laughter, hereturnedhaalily to barn j while Jane expressed her feel- ; incB wbatever they were, by clouting some- tbin'gTike ahornpipe before the window. Mrs Mumpson, however, was not van- nnihed She had only made a compulsory retreat 'kern the Boene of hostilities, and IfJlf rallying her shattered faoullies, noed again with the chair, « How dared you, you diarepufcerfeie female, 6ha !£ Wiggins turned slowly and ominously noon her, 4 Ye oall me a disrupteibul female hae in, han ye vont find hit 'ealthy. Mrs. Mumpson prudently baQksd towards the door before delivering her return fire. Woman !' she cried, are yon out of your a n riAM'f. Ttnn knnw I'm hoiiBekfiefifir man i t/uu « - — t - _ here, and that it's my duty to aupermtend vou and your work?' I 'Veil, then bi'U double yc hup hand put j ve hon the shelf ho! the dresser Han' lock the glass door on ye. From up there ye kin eee all that's goin' hon and sup'intend to 1 ye're 'cart's content,' and she Btarted for her I superior officer. ... . , | Mrs. Mumpson baok6d so precipitately I with her chair that it struck against the door- 1 case and she eat down hard. Seeing that Mrs, Wiggins was almost upon her, she darted back Into the parlour, leaving the Chair as a trophy in the hands of her enemy. J Mrs, Wiggins was somewhat appeased by this eceocd triumph, and with the hope of adding gall and bitterness to Mrs, Mump- Bon's defeat, she took the ohair to her rival's I favourite rookingpl&oe.; lighted her pipe and I Bat down in grim complacency. Mrs. Mump- J son warily approached to recover a support j which, from long habit, had become moral | as well ae physical, and her indignation j knew no bounds when she saw it creaking j under the weight of her foe. It must be 1 admitted, however, that her ire was not so 1 great that she did not retain the ' better part of valour,' for she stepped back, unlocked the front door and set it ajar. Returning, she opened with a volubility that awed even Mrs. Wiggins for a moment. Xou misera- j ble, mountainous pauper, you interloper, : you unrefined, irresponsible, unregenerate female, do you know what you have done in thus outraging me ? I'm a reepecterble woman, respecterbly connected. I'm here in a reBponserbls station. When Mr. Hoioroft amiAars he'll drive vou from the dwelling which you vulgarise. Your presenoe makes | this apartment a dec. You are a wild j bsast . j 1 Hi'm a vile beaetes, ham hi?' cried Mrs. I Wiggins, at last stung into action, and Ehe 1 threw her lighted pipe at the open month I that was discharging high-sounding epithets j by the score, I It struck the lintel over the widow's head, was shattered, and sent down upon her a shower of villainously smelling sparks. Mrs. Mumpson shrieked and sought frantically to keep her calico wrapper from ' taking fire. Meanwhile, Mrs. Wiggins rose and took a step or two that she might assist should there bo any positive danger, for she had not yet reached a point of malignity which would lead her to witness oalmly an auto-da-fe. This was Jane's opportunity. Mrs. WiggioB had alienated this small and hitherto friendly power, and now, with a re turning impulse of loyalty, it took sides with the weaker party. The kitchen door was on a crack ; the child pushed it noiselessly open, darted around behind the stove and withdrew the rooking-ohair. _ Mrs. Wiggins's brief anxiety and pre- occupation passed and ehe stepped backward again to sit down. She aid sit down, bus i with such terrific force that the stove and I nearly everything else in the room threatened I to fall with her. She sat helplessly f r a I bewildered moment, while Jane, with the | chair, danced before her, exclaiming, taunt 1 ingly, That's for chasing me out as if I was 1 a cat.' . I Noo bi'll chase ye both hoot,' cried the ireful Wiggins, scrambling to her feet. She 1 mads good her threat, for Hoioroft, a j moment later, saw mother and daughter, the J latter carrying the chair, rushing front the I front door, and Mrs. Wiggins, armed with a j great wooden spoon, waddling after them, I her objurgations mingling with Mrs. Mump- son's shrieks and Jane's shrill laughter. The widow caught aoglimpse of him standing in the barn-door, and, as if borne by the wind, j she flew towards him, orying, He shall be my protector.' He barely bad time to whisk through a sids door and close it after him. The widow b impetuous desire to pant out thestory of her wrongs carried her into the midst of the barnyard, where ehe was speedily confronted by an unruly youug heifer that could scarcely be blamed for hoetilfty to such a wild- looking object. The animal shook its head threateningly a? it advanced. Again the widsw e shrieks reaatinded. This time Hoioroft was about to came to the rescue, when the beleaguered 1 woman made a dash for the top of thfl nearest fenoe, reminding her amused looker on of the night of her arrival, when she bad perched like some strange sort of bird on the waggon wheel. , . ... Seeing that ehe was abundantly able to escape alone, the farmer remained la con cealment. Although disgusted and angry at tbe eo sties taking plaoe be was tcarcely able to restrain roars of laughter. Perched upon the fenoe, the widow called piteousiy for "im to lift her down, bat he was not to be caught by any such device. At last, giving up hops and still threatened by tbe heifer, abe went over on the other side. Knowing that she must make a detour before reaching trie dwelling, Hoioroft went thither rapidly with the purpose of restoring order at once. 1 Jane,' lie said, eterniy, 1 t»be that chaw the ...a ice. si there. Lst there be |/nuyui auu avaiw — nj more such nonsense.' . . a At his approach Mrs. Wiggins had retreated sullenly to the kitchen. Com , b6 ordered, good-naturedly, hasten brea faes and let there be no mote quarrelling. Hif hi vas left to do me work hm peace, she began. , ' Well, you shall do it in pence. At this moment Mrs. Mumpson came tearing in, quite oblivious of the, tact tate bad left a goodly part of her oalioo skirt o \- 4 !2il of the fence. She was rushing ilohi-cft, when he said sternly, and =, rsVjent gesture, Stop k®8.?.1? u, ii s any more of tbrs quarrelling like oate ana dogs in niy hpufe, $ eencl fq you all arrested, B : you are not all utterly demented and hopelessl fools you will know that you oame here to doi my work, and nothing else. Then catching ' a glimpse of Mrs. Mumpson's dress, and | fearing he should laugh outright, he turned abruptly oh his heel and went to his room, ! where he was in a divided state between irrepressible mirth and yeiatiozn Mrs. Mumpson alBO fled to her room4 She felt that the proper coarse for ' her at this juncture was a fit of violent hysterics ; but a prompt douche from the water pitpher, administered by the unsympathetic Jane, effectually checked the first symptoms. Was ever a respeoterble woman' — You ain't respectable,' interrupted the 0If1 . Afl rVid 4 kiam IAAI 1!1A n D J JWU 1VUA I1KQ O BUB C< crow. 'Fi'a you I'd begin to show some sense how.' (tO Bfi CONTINUED.) 