" THE SUBSERVIENT PRESS. Freedom of the Press is, we know, one of those things which recent as well as .ancient Popes have energetically de nounced as damnable, and as they cannot suppress it, they make use of a little press of their own, quite select, and bound, and nmitea, in tue vain nope to counteract the outspoken voice which they hate. It was for this purpose that, under Arch- ; bishop Vaughan's auspices, the late Express was set up, intended to be . entirely ecclesiastical, and to outrival the old Freeman which was pronounced too ' Irish, and too little Roman. The blessed enterprise did not succeed— the Arch bishop then withdrew his help. The paper ; .became more Irish and rebellious than . the Freeman itself, and fell into the hands , ; of the Os. By and bye, on a theological point, the Freeman broke into shivers the lance of the clerical writers for the Ex press, and both ecclesiastically and .secularly the Express Bank into vacuity. .To save it from ignominious extinction, its proprietor tried to float it as a joint : stock company ; but the inposing array of figures did not correspond ; the quantity ,of paper alleged, did not suit the alleged circulation, and the expenses and income were badly confused, so that even though a, penny Nation, was to be born of the . ; transaction nobody seemed to venture. . The Express disappears, or is merged into the said Nation, a . print below con tempt, whose few columns are much „ i , .encumbered by extracts from the ra whead .; and' bloody:bones papers of the Clan-na- gael and plan of Campaign faction, in ; other and lesB happy climes. If several .; thousand rioters overcome a score of un fortunate police when guarding a peaceful , : 'reporter, and if a few of the police are -I ; killed or maimed for life ; the rioters are heroes: and if in defending themselves : from the overwhelming odds, the police ..happen to kill some of' the mob ; the said . police are called murderers, r That is .. . the style. But this happy paper is in the i; market for sale to any one. who will soil i his hands, or burn his fingers with it, and ,;i .the . purchaser can have thrown in, the 'it name, and the ghost of the departed Express. Now who will buy? We do ;i;.not care to deal harshly with misfortune, and; the enterprise might fail, and fail / /worthily without censure. But what is most disgraceful to the honour of the pro fession of journalism is that, after all, there is /displayed: the same- original slavery and subservience, even in mere business mat- ,f, ters, to the ecclesiastical Superior. The : Nation is sending out canvassers, and .!j collectors. This is a legitimate business. , operation, but even this it cannot do . without degrading itself, if that, be possible. This is its style. ". With the . view of adding largely to the number of our/subscribers, and/with the full Appro- r,: bation of his Eminence the Cardinal, our >ti ii travelling representative, Mr." Pierce -, \Heajy (lately pf South Australia), is now \- making a tour- through all . the chief centres of population in the colony." , . ; W ell, it is only natural that a man who ..requires the "Approbation of the , Cardinal" to eat a bit of bacon on a i ; Friday, will require it in the act of collect- . ing his debts. O manhood! manhood! 