DORCAS: OK, THE TRIALS OF CHRISTIANITY SIXTEEN HUNDRED YEARS AGO. A STORY OF PRIMITIVE CHRISTIANITY. BY NATHAN BEN NATHAN, AN ESSENEAN. (AUTHOR OF " ARIUS THE LIBYAN.") CHAPTER X. HE THAT SEEKETH, FINDETH. •="-•'• ' Wiiile Marcellus derived some hope and consolation from the apparent sincerity with which Phoebe had promised to aid hiru in learning the whereabouts of Dorcas, and in communicating with her, lie did not relax his efforts to discover some possible path by which she had been accus touted to pass from the Appian Way, in the vicinity of the ruined villa, unto that unknown place to which he was satisfied she had gone on every Seventh day during the period in which she had been resident at the villa of Varus. So deep-rooted and inveterate wag the distrust and hatred with which the Romans of his rank re garded Christianity, and all those who professed it, that while he had resolved to trust the' promise of Phoebe, he found it really impossible, to give more than a painful and unsatisfactory/lialfconfidence to her, and in this uncertain state of mind, being compelled to wait at least until the afternoon of the next Seventh day before he would certainly know whether she intended to deal sincerely with him, he could not rest supinely in the interval, but found it necessary to keep up his almost daily visits to the ruined villa, and his unavailing search for the path Dorcas had been accustomed to follow in that vicinity. Accordingly, on the following Sunday morning, long before the sun had risen, Marcellus hastened along the Appian Way toward the desolated villa —a vicinity that for more than a month he had haunted like some restless ghost. While he was waudering in that dreaiy waste, rendered almost oblivious to his surroundings by the one consuming sorrow and yearning of his heart, his attention was caught by the form of an old woman, tramping slowly and painfully through the tangled thicket, in which there was no visible path. He vacantly wondered/ what she could be doing there at such an early hour, and noticed that she did not seem to wander aimlessly about in the vagabond fashion that had become so familiar to his own experience, but pursued her slow and difficult way, as if she knew where she was going, and as if she had some definite end in view. The young man kept his eyes upon her, followed her cautiously, and gradually drew nearer to her until she was, as nearly as he could judge, about half a stadium distant from him, when suddenly she disappeared before'his very eyes, he could not imagine how or whither, " Gone like a witch!" said he to himself ; but he could clearly distinguish the very epot on which she was standing when she had vanished j and^'keeping his eye fixed upon that spot, and moved by an almost powerless hope, he cautiously, but swiftly stepped forward, and found only what seemed to be a sheet of plaster on the hillside,* that looked as if might once have formed part of a cistern or cellar , long since destroyed. That was all. - But .when lie came immediately to this fragment of a; ruined wall he perceived that the next step to ,the left would lead, riot as lie supposed, into the thicket that spread around on every side? but through a narrow opening, halfhidden by bratublfes and underbrjash, intbthe sjdo of the hill. It was dark as midnight, and he kn^w neither, the depthnor direction of the the caverny but with that fine capacity for instantaneous decision and action,' Which is. One of.'the; 'surest results of thorough' military-training, he stepped lightly and quickly intothatsubterranean darkness. But, in a moment, he stood still'with surprise. A narrow 4lpe of,, artificial caught his eye, apll/i^g^i^j^liiB'mv, thqt,] a few feet ajwiy from him, the old woman wliom he had seen outside, held in iber band a diminutive lamp, and that by its feeble flame she was endeavoring to light the wick of another lamp of ordinary size. And as soon as her trembling hands enabled her to do so, she hid away the (Smaller lamp, and bearing the other in }ier hand proceeded on her way. The light gave sufficient illumination to reveal to Marcellus the fact that she was going through a long gallery cut out of the rock, of the length of which ho could not conjecture ; but instantly ho determined to follow the woman cautiously wherever she might go, and see what would come of it. The old woman pursued her woy along the smooth floor of the gallery with greater alacrity, and the young centurion followed her cautiously through every bend and winding of the path. He soon became satisfied that she was too deaf to hear his footsteps, and that the only danger he incurred of being discovered by her lay in the probability that she might suddenly turn around and see him ; and there seemed no probability of this occurrence, because, having the light in her hand, she would be looking away from it and into the darkness. He therefore followed close upon her heels, determined not to lo3e sight of her again. She went on a great distance, and suddenly she paused a moment whore another gallery opened into that in which she walked. Then came a voice that cried in loud, distinct tones : " Walk thou by faith? " and the woman answered with the words : " In His name," and entered into the new gallery. No one was anywhere visible, nor could Marcellus determine whence came the singular challenge ; for lie understood at once that it was a challenge, as much as the password of a Roman encampment. But as he bore 110 lamp, and followed the old woman so closely, he rightly supposed that the invisible sentry would take* it for granted that she was his guide through the labyrinth, and- so kept on his way without pausing, and was not challenged. Whenever she came to a new gallery into which she desired to go, the woman paused, and the same challenge was given : " Walk thou by faith ?" and the same answer given, " In His name ;" and at last she entered the same chapel in the rock into which we have already followed Dorcas. The room was filled with men, women, and children, and was fairly lighted by a multitude of lamps set in niches cut into the wall on every side. Marcellus paused before he had reached the entrance, and squeezed himself close against the more shaded side of the gallery, and contemplated the strange and quiet scene before him On the table was a snowy linen cloth that concealed something, the shape of which the young centurion could not divine; but bis glance fell upon it almost suspiciously, because be understood at once that he had come upon one of these secret chapels in which the hated Christians were wont to meet in order to celebrate the fearful rites of their abominable and inhuman superstition. He knew well that it had long been reported, and generally believed, at Rome, " that the Christians as the most wicked of human kind, practiced, in their dark recesses, every abomination that a depraved fancy could suggest, and solicited the favour of their unknown God by the sacrifice every moral virtue." He knew " that many who pretended to confess, or to relate the ceremonies of this abhorred society, had asserted that human sacrifices were among the least of the horrible barbarities practiced among the mystic symbols of initiation ; that proselytes were unknowingly led to inflict many a secret and mortal wound on the innocent victim of their errors ; that as soon as the cruel deeds were perpetrated, the sectaries drank the blood, and pledged themselves to eternal secrecy by a mutual consciousness of guilt," It was so confidently affirtnedthat this inhuman sacrifice was succeeded by a suitable entertainment, marked by orgies to which those of profligate Rome were innocent in comparison. He had never really believed all the atrocious calumnies commonly circulated concerning the Christians, and since he had known that a being so chaste and refined as Dorcas belonged to the sect, he had come to that point where he began to believe that nearly all of these malicious reports were false ; yet he felt a thrill of horrible animosity in looking upon that snowy cloth, so carefully disposed, which concealed from view he knew not what. The young man gazei eagerly over the assembly,—perhaps four hundred in number— seeking to discover whether Dorcas was present, but as the gallery in which he stood was on the west side of the chapel, wliileall the congregation faced the east, he could not tell whether she was among those over whom his • range of vision extended or not. He determined, at any hazard, to remain quiet, and await such developments as might occur.. Knowing, as any rate, that lie, would have the opportunity to see and hear fori himself juBt what the Christians do ahd Bay in i one of tliose secret assemblies, wliich inspired,the; ordinaryRoman with loathing and with horror ; i and what he saw arid • heard was as follows': A man of about forty-eight, possibly fifty, years of age, tall, erect, swarthy, hSfodsoine, of 4 grave' and dignified demeanour, fltepped.upon the low; platform at the 'east side of the cliapel, aqd facing 1 the audience) raised his ' right baftd Ujpj ^d : im- mediately every one, of the assembly quietly, rose,: and, with uplifted hand, in solemn tones followed the Presbyter, saying : " I believe in God the Father Almighty,, and in Jesus Christ His only- Son, our Lord ; who was conceived of the Holy Ghost; born of the Virgin Mary ; suffered under Pontius Pilate ; crucified, dead, and buried ! Onthe third day He rose from the dead, ascended into heaven ; and sitteth on the right hand of God' the Father -Almighty ; whencc He shall come forjudge the quick and the dead. I believe in the Holy Ghost; in the common Church; in the communion of Believers ; the forgiveness of Sins the resurrection of the Dead ; and the life everlasting. A men !" Marcellus heard this profession of faith with profound interest and astonishment. Because the Christians refused to worship auy of the Gods of Rome, the general belief among the Pagans was that they were Atheists, who had no God at all; but having listened to their own solemn declaration that they believed in God the Father, and in Christ His Son, it occurred to him that if the Holy Ghost was a divine Beinsy also, they could not be Atheists, but had faith in these three Gods at least ; and be gazed carefully round to see whether the chapel contained and idol, eikon^ or image, to represent these Deities ; but there was none whatever. CTo be Ctn'iimid.) 