SERMON BY DR DALE. It being announced that Dr. R. W. Dale, of Birmingham, was to preach in the Congrega- tional Church last night nearly every seat was occupied by auditors anxious to hear a divine, of whose praise they heard so much. They were not disappointed, high as their expectations may have been, fur though the preacher is nut a flowery oraipr, he is . singularly powerful, earnest and fervid. After the customary sing ing by the choir of hymns, and by prayer, and reading of a chapter, he took for his text the passage from tho Acts of the Apostles. — " The hand of the Lord was with them, to turn them to the Lord.-" Upon this theuio. be remarked that the book of The Acts of the Apostles was put forth to show the works of the Lord. The Apostles saw aud felt the worda of Jesus came true, so their love fur their Master became more fervent than before, having a clearer knowledge of hiB transcendent greatness. Those who had been His personal friends did not dwell upon His loss — a wonderful thing they might think. When a great statesman or theologian died people are conscious of having Buffered an immeuse. loss. For years after the death of Wesley, it was spoken of as irreparable, but the early Christians did not Bpeak of Christ being a loss to tliem, for which tho reason was that the Apostles felt they had been drawn nearer to God. After Pentecost the Lord added to the Churoh daily, they felt his hand was with them. They did not reiy upon the memory or tradition, but they had the Spirit of God, which turned many to becomo followers! Tbe Christian Church existed to bear testiriiimy to the invisible, the eternal, to that Heaven', which we will --enter into, and upon that mysterious life/; in the presence "of God. In 'the prayers .' to whieli ' we were accustomed, to offer, we felt Christ was am'ongBt us, that He was one of our companjy who made our prayers His .own., Uri.seen and, unheard', He : gave. dignity to the obscurest congregations. In splendid ceremonials of worship, there was something to touch the imagination, in thinking of the Creator and sustainer of all things. . Qn Sunday morningin going to church, he asked, ; did they think of this, that Christ was to. be : among them. ' When we pray we ask: the Infinite and Eternal God to give us absolution for our transgressions. We should try ourselves : if, when asking inspiration of the Holy Ghost, ; 'it will he given us. We were here that night : to -ask' God to blend His Spirit with. ours,, to 1 blend His strength with our weakness, in tho i belief that God is the living God, receiving our : thanksgivings, and ready to fulfil HiB promises. .When worship was finished ho had not done with God. A preacher, he remarked, hadhispower over his congregation when he knew the hand :of God was with him. He described many great preachers, whose power, he said, proceeded from alliance with God, which gave fervour to the ex-- hortatious to love God, . the Divine life arid glory. ' Just as tbe ApoBtles wero, associated with: Christ, so preachers had the Spirit of Grid to accomplish the work of theDivino, for unless the hand of the Almighty was with them they wriiild " speak to no purpose. The: influences that touch the imaginations of man should bo thought of, so that the Chrielian work should be impressive and attractive. He approved , of good music, and an organ in a church to have the sacred music well sung, but still all these accessories were unavailing unless the hand of the Lord was. with them. Without that preach ing was of tie purpose, nor could it he successful in winning bouIs. The power of God was needed to perfect the life. The fruit of the Spirit, was not merely rapture, hut consisted of love, meekness, loug Buffering, temperance, gentle ness. . To have thiB Spirit we should cutreat God to fill us with it, and with righteouBneBB, so that - we , might achieve excellence iu ou? virtues. . Our .whole'heing had to be surrendered to the inspiration of God. He wished them all to entreat God to fill them with His Spirit. 