NEWS OF THE DAY. -«, I T_H Premier (Sir Henry Parkes) received a deputa- tion yesterday from the Agricultural Society of Now South Wales, who as_ed for a Government grant of some £6000 to enable them to hold a grand intercolo- nial show next year, Sir Henry Parkes promised to lay their request before the Cabinet, aud gave n similar reply to the représentatives of several friendly societies who asked for a piece of land to bo vested in the so- cieties for recreation purposes. He informed a depu- tation from the Fiold of Mars that their petition pray- ing that that town might be incorparatcd, would receive attention without delay. POOR deputations Yvaitod upon the Minister for Works yesteiday morning. The first, from residents in the Duial district regarding a proposed railway line from the terminus of the Rosehill private line to Dural and Castlehill, wa., introduced by Messrs. V. Parko«, P. Farnell, and A. H. M'Oullooh, Ms.L.A. They pointed out that a Burvey was being made from Parramatta to Dural, but they considered that line defective, and asked that a now survey should be made in order to demonstrate which was the better route. Mr. Suther- land promised that a survey should bo made at as early a date as possible. Mr. J. G. Swain and other resi- dents desired a railway platform to be erected near Pyrmont Bridge, but the Minister stated that ho could not givo any dellnite promise owing to the large amount of goods traffio thoro. The Mayor and council of Waratah asked for au ostensión of tho tramway from Newcastle to Wiokham, Tighe's Hill, and Wara- tah, and Mr. Sutherland promised to send a surveyor there as soon as possible. In reply to a deputation from the counoil of Redfern, the Minister promised to make representations to'the Government regarding the great convenience that would result from a railway siding at Eveleigh platform ; and, ia mpo-ue to a request from Mr. Stevenson, M.L.A., he promised to consider the advisability of dredging Brisbane Water. JUST as the Legislative Assembly wai about to adjourn on Thursday night, Mr. Melville asked the Colonial Treasurer whether the Government had accepted any tenders from Victorian firms for the supply of uni- forms for the Metropolitan police and other officials in the Government service for the year 1888. Mr. Burns stated in reply that he had accepted contracts for 1888 for the service, in question, and that tho whole of these contracts had been taken by manufacturers within the colony of New South Wales. He also added, that with a view to giving the Liverpool paper mills a full opportunity of tendering for the brown paper required by the Government, ho had caused the tenders to be in one line for that aiticlo; but ia consequence of the tender of tho paper company being 27_- per cent _ in excess of other tenderers, it became his duty to give the contract to the other persons. THE full text of the bill introduced into the Legis- lative Assembly by Mr. Schey to declare eight hours to bo a legal day's labour is as follows :-" Be it enacted by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Legislative Covncil and Legislative Assembly of New South Wales in Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows :-" 1. This Act shall bo called and may be cited as the ' Eight Hours Act, 1887.' 2. Un- less there shall bo an agreement in writing to the con- trary eight hours' labour during any day, whether con- secutively or otherwise, shall be considered a legal day's labour, and forty-eight such hours shall be con- sidered a week's work in any action at law, suit in equity, or any matter or proceeding (civil or criminal) in any Court of Justice in New South Wales." IN consequence of the meetings of the seleot com- mittee appointed to inquire into tho purchase of the land at Circular Quay by the Government, Mr. Abigail, who is one of the members of the committee, will be unable to carry out his intention o£ visiting Lake Urana on Thursday nest. The hon. gentleman has accordingly postponed his journey lo .Riverina until the 20th instant. Arrangements havo been made for his reception at Urana, and for entertaining him at a public banquot THE Minister for Mines left Sydney yesterday after- noon for Katoomba, wheie ho intends inspecting some public reserves in connection with the management of which some difficulties appear to have arisen. Before settling the disputes Mr. Abigail decided to visit tho locality and personally examine these lands, with a view to their being utilised for the public advantage to the fullest extent. THE question of retrenchment in the Department of Public Works has engaged tho attention of the Govern- ment for some time, and it will interest a good many peoplo to know the extent to which it has been carried out. In -what may be termed the Ministerial branch of the department, there is one position on the staff vacant which it is not intended to fill up - at present Recommendations have been made by the officers in charge of the Harbours and Hivers branch of the Department of reductions in tho staff of officers under them which might judiciously be made without imparing the efficiency of the Bcrvice, and so far as practicable these recommendations have been carried, into .effect. With regard to the officers in the roads branch, in ac- cordance with a minute by Mr. Lyne, Minister for Works, dated 14th December, 1886, notifying the ap- pointment of commissioners to inquire into the working of the Department of Public Works, the Commissioner for Roads reported that changes and reductions in the office staff of the roads branch might be effected, by which a reduction in number of three officers and a saving of £080 per annum would bo made, and thia has been done. The field staff was remodelled, and all offlcors placed on the Estimates, and it was proposed that three should retire, but owing to the late pnssing of the Estimates, and the unexpected increase of votes by nearly 80 per cent., their services will bo required to the end of the year, when two will retire ; one must bo retained until work is decreased ; but a saving of £4851 has been effected this year, which will be increased to £5946 for 1888. Tho Colonial Architeot is haying the question of the reduction of his staff under consideration. So far as tho railways 'are concerned, the principal soborno of retrenchment was in the Exist- ing Lines Branch in regard to the maintenance of the permanent way. The engineer responsible for the safoty of the line accompanied the- suggested scheme with the statement that he was not convinced that hi the long run there would be any real economy in the pro- posed reductions. He says :-" I have hestitated there- fore to give full effect to tho scheme, more especially in view of the weather experienced during the past season, which has necessarily required more attontion to the roadway than at the time the scheme wae proposed, but partial effect has been given to it by drafting theVnen to now extensions as opened instead of taking onfnew hands. 2. Seven new hands have been appointed since the present Government came into office ; the number of permanent way men to tho milo of line prior to tho present Government coming into office was 0-80 ; it is now 0-82." A RETOBN has been laid on the table of the Legisla- tive Assembly, shewing the amount of money paid to the Railway Department for the carriage of plant and material by the various railway contractors for exten- sions for tho years 1888,1884, 1885, and 1886 respec- tively. The total for 1883 wa3 £9476 Cs. 9d. ; for 1884, £20,950 19s. lid.; for 1885, £07,878 14s. lid. ; for 1886, £84,889 is. 8d.; making a grand total for the four years of £102,651 2s. lOd. THE following regulation, prohibiting teachers from using outside influence to obtain promotion, removal or other advantage, has just been pa9sed by tho Govern- ment :-"Teachers are appointed, promoted, and removed on a due consideration of their claims and merits. They are, therefore, prohibited from seeking the interest of influential persons outeide the Department to obtain promotion, removal, or other advantage. Any infringe- ment of this regulation will bo severely dealt with." Two amended regulations havo been passed by the Government, to be substituted for those relating to the employment of pupil-teachers and to tho rent allow- ances to teaohers, of date 12th Pebruary, 1886. They are as follows :-" Pupil Teachers : Pupil teachers may be employed to serve not less than four years in any fchool in which the average attendance has been not less than 50 for the three months preceding, provided that the teacher holds'a classification not lower than class II. Ront Allowances to Teachers : In addition to the salaries, residences, vested or rented, will be pro- vided for married men in charge of Publio schools, but a residence rented for a married teacher shall be as near aB practicable to his school." Tur. Government have decided to postpone for tho present the ero.tion of the bridge over the River Murray at Mulwalla. Tenders weie recently called for the work, and 10 were received, several of them beingfiom Viotorian firms. It is thought that the offect of tho erection of tho structure, which would in volvo considerable expense to the country, would be to divert the trade of some of the outlying distriots to Victorian channels, and as there is no immediate necessity for the bridge, the undertaking has been abandoned. The deposit receipts have been returned to all the tenderers. MR. STANLEY, the Government Veterinarian, leaves to-day for the far west on a visit to Tintawllogy Run. near Wilcannia, for the purpose of watching tho "success of some experiments in rabbit destruction, which are being carried out thero by Dr. Butcher. It is claimed for Dr. Butcher's system-which practically means the introduction of scab amongst the rabbits-that it sweeps off vast numbers of the pest in a remarkably short space of time. Mr. Stanley will report upon its success as a destroying medium, and also its effect upon other animals with whioh tho rabbits come ia contact. TnE numerous friends of Mr. Geoffrey Eagar, Undor Seoretary to the Treasury, will regret to leam that in consequence of long-continued indisposition bo has been compelled, acting under melic.il advice, to seek some relaxation from his official labours. Mr. Eagar has obtained leave of absence for three months, and it is hoped that at the end of that time he will be able to return to his post with his health completely restored. During Mr. Eagar's temporary absonco his place will be filled by Mr. James Thomson, OVVINO to some defeots in the working parts of the locomotivo attached to the train Yvhioh left Sydney for Goulburn at 9 a.m. yestorday, the train broko down between Grunvillo and Merrylands station. The trafilo was delayed for a time, but arrangements wero made with as muoh dispatoh as possible for another engine being sent from Granville to take the train on. TITS Magdalen Rofugo at Tempe, Cook'a Uiver, is to be opened this afternoon at 8 o'clock by Cardinal Moran, and it is announced that Lord and Lady Carrington and other distinguished persons are to ho present at the ceremony,,which will be of a public character. The new institution is a branch 'of the old refuge for women in the city, founded by tho Sisters of tho Good Samaritan, and carried on by that religious community for over 40 years. At tho present time there aro, "we understand, about 100 women in the Pitt street establishment, and the Tempe branch will afford accommodation for some 80 more. It is claimed that tho institution is Christian and charitable in the broadest sense, no distinction of creed being made in admitting tho unfortunate creatures "who seek refugo with tho Sisters. Tho increasing number of " peni- tents" in the city institution made it imperative to provide a larger and more suitable home, and the pro sent house and grounds at Tempe wero purchased for the sum of £0800. Since this purchase the Sisterhood has gone to the expense of eroding buildings for work- ing purposes, including an elaborately constructed laun- dry, these additions costing more than £5000. The aim of tho Sisterhood is to make the Tempe estabUshmont self-supporting, and with this end in view all the women who placo themselves under the shelter <?5 tho lief tige will bo-expected to contribute in some way to the maintenant» of the^institution, princi- pally by sowing and laundry work. AB an instance of the friendly and sympathetic interest taken in _ the philanthropic efforts of the Good Samaritan nuns it is stated thut all the beds required for the new house havo been presented to the institution, a number of Protestant ladies being amone; the donors. Tho lady at the head of tho Tempe Refugo was for some 29 years in charge of the K. C. Orphanage at Parramatta. His Honor the Chief Justice sat in Chambers at 10 o'clock yesterday, and disposed of several formal appli- cations. At 11 o'clock he took Equity business, but tho only suit heard was that o£ Blair v. Blair, in which the plaintiff sought to obtain a decree for tho specific performance by defendant of an agreement for the division of CDrtain property left to them by one James Blair, the parties being the sons of the testator. Hil» Honor granted the decree as prayed. Several divorce applications wero subsequently dealt with. TnE sittings of the Metropolitan Quarter Sessiois were continued at the Darlinghurst Courthouse yester- day, before his Honor Mr, District Court Jndge Murray. Mr. Merewether conducted the prosecutions on behalf of the Crown. A number of prisoners were tried during tho day, Tho most important case dealt with was one in which a young man named James F. Conlin was chaiged with having embezzled the sum of £19 8s. 10d., entrusted to him whilst ho was occupy- ing the position of Stationmaster, or officer in chargo, at the Yanko railway platform. Tho prisoner, who was defended by Mr. D. Buchanan, was found 'guilty, and was remanded for sentence. A list of the cases down for trial on Monday appears in another portion of the paper. WE understand that it is proposed to erect a power- ful fort on the coast at or near the suburb of Bondi. Such a fort would form ono of a line of dofence woiks between the entrance to Port Jackson and Botany, or some place further southward, which, in the opinion of many persons, is necessary to keep this portion of the colony free from attack by any hostilo fleet Certain it is that if heavily-armed batteries, fitted with the latest improvements and types of ordnance, wore erected on the cliffs between the South Head and Botany Bay there would be little fear of having tho city shelled by an enemy in the case of an outbreak of war. Of course if the coastlino were fortified from the North Head to Broken Bay . the metropolis would be renderod doubly eecuro from an attack by sea, as it would be well-nigh impossible for an invader to run the gauntlet of a number of batteries. The cliff known as Ben Buckler, situated on tho nor- thern side of Bondi Beach, is Bpokon of as the probable site for the new fortress, whiob, if erected, would in all probability be armed with 0 or 8 inch guns, mounted on the hydro-pueumatic principle. Ono or two other places along tho coast havo been inspected with a view to ascertain whether they would be suitable sites upon which to build forts. Up to the present time, however, tho intentions of the Government with reference to the construction of any additional fortifications have not been divulged, and nothing definite is known as to when the fort or forts aro to be erected. Probably General Schaw's rpport would, if made public, throw some further light upon the important subject of coastal defences. THE majority of the C-in. guns which arrrivod in the Cairnbulg some few days ago will, we understand, be mounted on hydro-pneumatic carriages for tho harbour defenco works. Two of these powerful weapons aro to bo sent to Noweastle for the purposo of strengthening tho defences of that port. THE Reserves of. tho New South Wales Volunteer Artillery Rogitnent will parado to-day in drill older for the purpose oil being conveyed to the Heads for shot practice as follows:-No. 11 Battery, at 2.15 p.m., at Mort's Dock Ferry, and No. 12 Battery, at 2.30 p.m., at Dawo3 Point, where the steamer will bo in readiness to take them down the harbour. The second regiment of Volunteer Infantry will parade on the eastern por- tion of Miora Park at 8.30 p.m. to day (drill order, with leggings), and the Engineer Corps will assemble at the Victoria Barracks at the same time for instruc- tional purposes. THE committee of tho Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts held a meeting on Thutsday. There wero present -Mr. President Dalgrno, in the chair ; Messrs. Teece and Osborno, y ice-presidents ; Mr. Perkins, treasurer; and Messrs. Beaver, Dowling, Holdsworth, Jones, Reid, Ronwick, and Ritchie; and apologies were received from Messrs. Seife and Walker. After the transaction of the formal business, new members to the number of C8 were electod, being an increase of four over the cor- responding month o£ laBt year. The report of the hon. tieasurer showed an increase in the receipts for sub- scriptions for the month of £18 5s, Cd., and for lec- tures £19 4s. 3d. over tho same month last year-the total receipts for the month being £510 12s. Accounts to the amount of £431 6s. 5d. were passed for payment, and some outstanding cheques had to be provided for; but after meeting all these there would still be a credit balance of £101 17s. 2d. ; and to this might bo added a sum of £271 12s. 8d. due to the institution, and which would be received in a fow days. The report was considered highly satisfactory, and was unanimously adopted. The report of the building committee was road ; it explained some of the diffi- culties that had been met with in arranging the details ; it stated that tho tender of Messrs. Duncan and Cruickshank had boen accepted for tho work, and the price, including the e\tra3 as ananged by the com- mittee, would bo £4200, ' and the time to bo occupied over tho work seven months. Tho treasurer stated that it wai nocossary to malto arrangements for a loan of £4000; he did not considerthat moro would bo required, as they had now nearly £900 invested and at credit in the bank, and by the time the tnonoy was required to meet the oxpensos of the improvements it might bo expected that the sum on hand would be about £1400. The president and treasurer were then authorised to obtain a loan of £1000. An application from a suburban School of Arts for the loan of lantern slides was granted at the usual fee, £1 Is. per sot A PUBLIC meeting in the cause of protection was announced to be hold lost ovoninfç at the Town-hall, Petersham, under tho auspices of tho Canterbury Pro- tection League. The meeting had beon extensively advertised throughout the district by moans of, bills and posters, but at 8 o'clock only about a dozen persons were congregated in the' vicinity of tho hall, among them being Mr. David Buchanan, who, it was understood, was to deliver an address in the cause of protection. At a quarter-past 8 about a score oí people had scat- tered themsolves over the various parts of the largo and welWighted hall, and a few minutes later Mr. J. W. Watkin, president of tho Ashfield branch of the league, stepped on to tho platform and expressod his regrot at the pauoity of the attendance, adding that under the circumstances Mr. Buchanan had deolinod to deliver an elaborately prepared address. It looked very much to him (Mr. Watkin) as if the question of protection was not a burning question in Petersham. Under all the cirenmstanees, and considering the very stuall attendance, the pro- posed meeting would not take place ; but if any of those present chose to join the Ashfield branch of the teague, he should be very glad to enrol their names, othorwiso ho should bid them good-night, and thoy might depart to their several homes. One of tho audience remarked that Mr. Buchanan had slandered | the working-man while in England, »nd that was why they stayed awav from the meeting. Mr. Watkin then proceeded to attack the Sydney prjss for its alloged _ unfair treatment of tho question of ptotection, after, which he intimated that they could disperse, unless any of them had anything to say te pass away the time ; upon whioh Mr. Richardson ascended the platform with a big roll of papers under his arm, and spoke at somo longth in favour of'protection. The few people present afterwards departed. A MEETINO of the Cook's River Ward Ratepayers' Association, Marrickville, was held on Thursday even- ing, in the Primitive Methodist Church, Eenwick street, to take into consideration tho two resolutions given notico of at last meeting. The first was, that it is -desirable to alter the night of meeting. The mombors were unanimous, and- it was decided to alter tho night of meeting from the first Monday to the first Thursday in each month. The second résolution Yvas, that it is desirable that this association should take steps to select a representative to the Muni- cipal Council for this ward. Mr. Webster moved, and Mr. Stanley seconded the resolution. The following gentlemen spoke in support of the motion :-Messrs. Green, Macadam, Smith, Jonos, and Dr. Fawcett. The president said this matter required to bo seriously thought out, and thought it would bo Well for this association to have a thorough under- standing with the candidate as to how far they wore willing to go with their assistance. The resolution Yvas carried unanimously. It was resolved that this meet- ing resolve itBclf into a committee of the whole to carry the above resolution into effect. It waa decided ihat all nominations of candidates for selection by this asso- ciation be handed in in writing at the next meeting night, and that it shall be open for anyono to nominate a candidate. It was decided that three of those be selected from the names submitted for further consi- deration, and that tho ward be canvassed as to which of those three would be most desirable to the majority. Twenty-four gentlemen gave in their names as members of the committee. THE committee of the Animals' Protection Society held .their monthly meeting on Wednesday last. Thoro wore present : Messrs. E. Fosbery (presiding), W. Beaumont; B. Cocks, A. W.' Gilles, J. Horbury Hunt, C. E. Eiddell, O. H. Myles, .J. Sidney (the secretary), and Inspector G. Webber. A letter was read from Miss Levvy, bon. secretary to the Bands of Mercy of New South Wales, asking if the committee would take a certain number of the Band of Mercy Magasine for distribution among the school children. It was agreed to toko 100 cepies monthly. The inspector submitted his monthly report, the most noticeable fact was the illusage of live stock improperly conveyed by sea 'coast- wise, a recent case brought under his notico showing gross neglect in not providing proper accommodation, nnd care for the Bafety of the animals. Summary of the society's work for the month: prosecutions,'l8 ; convictions, 14 ; two cases dismissed, two withdrawn. Analysis of convictions : working horses suffering from woundB, 6 ; Yvorking decrepit and lame horses, 6 ; leading horses unfit to move, 2. Complaints received 6, cautions issued 81.. THE Woollahra Literary and Debating Society hold its weekly meeting on Wednesday evening, in tho Oddfellows' Hell, Queen-street, Mr. George Grice, vice-president, in the chair. The business for the meet- ing was a mock-parliamentary election, at which three , candidates presentod themselves, two protectionists and ' one freetrader. Thoy were each duly proposed and seconded, and gave their opinions upon the many pressing questions of the day. The show of hands was in favour of tho freetrader, and a poll was domanded The ballot resulted in Mr. A. Rickard, the froe trade candidate, being elected by a largo majority. THE St. Leonards Literary and Debating Society held its weekly meeting on Wednesday last, at the office of Messrs. Oatley and Cahill, 120, Elizabeth street, the president (Mr. T. G. Brocklehurst) being in the chair. Mr. W. K. Keyte (editor) read the monthly magazine, "The Critic" The following articles were contributed :-" Tho Editor's Preface ; " " Brevities," a few par.igrapliB of local interest ; " Tho Sunday Drink Traffic,'' suggested by the recont report of the commis- sion : " Our Meetings ; '' " Wild Flower Shows," a criticism of tho wholesale "butchery" of wild flowera ; " Employment, and tho want of it," dealing with the ever-vexed question of Government relief works ; " Waifa and Strays of Sydney," with suggestions as to remedies ; and " Life in Adelaide," being personal ex- periences. Two articles -were unavoidably postponed owing to limited time, but the whole of those read raceivod general oriticism, and a very pleasant evening was spent." THE first annual meeting of All Saints, Petersham, Young Men's Institute was hold on Thursday evening last, the chair being occupied by the president. Rev. Chas. Baber. The reports of the treasurer and secre- tary were received and adopted, the former showing the financial state of the society. The election of office- bearers resulted in Messrs. W. Crane, J.P., W. Wilson, and F. A. Terry being made vice-presidents ; Mr. W. Woodd, hon. treasurer; Mr. A. E. Carfrae, hon, secre- tary; and Rev. E. Smith and Messrs. Loveridge, Downing, Toms, and B. Holland, members of tho com- mittee. Votes of thanks were paEsod to the late office- bearers, and special thanks were accorded to the presi- dent, and late vice-president, Rev. A. C, Corlette, who is about to leave the district. ' A VERY successful musical and elocutionary enter- tainment in connection with the Cro3Tdon Literary and Debating Society was hold on Tuesday evening last in Croydon Congregational school-hall. The building waa tastefully decorated for the occasion with evergreens, flags, and flowers. Amongst those friends who con- tributed to the enjoyment of the evening'were Mrs. Docker, the Misses Goulding, Bayne Flint, and Watts, who sang several solos, glees, &c; Miss Pomeroy and Mr. E. L. Sutton also gave a duet on piano and organ, the Misies Slades duets on the piano. Messrs. Re.ve3, Stevens, Thompson, Abbotts, sou. and jun., with Mr. Druce, gave several recitations, which were much enjoyed. Tn_ Eev. Edward David Madgwick, incumbent of St Thomas's, Balmain West, has been presented to the incumbency of St. Michael's, Surry Hills, vacant i hy tho resignation of the Rev. Canon King. The appointment will tako effbot on 1st proximo. . TnE last of a three-days' sitting of the second annual Christian Convention in connection with the Sydney Ministers' Union was held in the New Oddfellows' Hall, Elizabeth-street, lastN night, Mr. J. T. Miller in the chair. The subject for the evening was " The officos of tho Holy Spirit in the individual." The meeting was addrossed by the Revs. A. J. Clarke, J. A Brown- ing, and J. M'Ncil. Occasion was taken by the Rev. A. J. Clarke, in the course of his address, to denounce prevailing vice, and to deploio the fact that the churches aro not reaching the teeming masses. It was pointed out that a downright Holy Ghost revival was needed to leave ita stamp on tho national character, and that the power of Pentecost was available not alone for Jerusalem, but Yva. with us at tho present day. The meetings were fairly well attended. THE Rev. Father Tranquillino Volpe, who is leaving shortly for San Francisco, was a few evonings since the recipient of a valedictory testimonial in the form of an addresB and a sum of £120, raised by private subscrip- tion in the district of Burwood. The rev.- gentleman has been connected with the R. C. Churoh at Burwood for over three years, and in the address which was presented (and which it may be re- marked had boen illuminated by Mr. J. Fitzjohn Hall in very artistic fashion), allusion was made to the zealous nnd satisfactory performance of his priestly duties during that period, and regret was oxprcssed at his departure from tho colony. Mr. Justice Faucett read the address on behalf of tho parmhionors, and the presentation of tho money gift was nccompaniod by somo highly'complimentary remarks. Br.Twnr.N 40 and 50 gentlemen assembled last even- ing at Mr. P. Larkin's hotel, Haymarket, for the pur- pose of presenting Mr. R. A. NorriB, late manager of the Haymarket branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, with a testimonial and purso of sovereigns upon the occasion of his severing hit connection with that institution. Mr. Alban J. Riley (Mayor of Sydney), in a most eulogistic speech, mado the presentation on behalf of tho subscribers. The address, winch wao from the establishment of Messrs. John Sands, and as an artistio piece of cal ¡graph r reflected great credit, stated, -" To Richard A. Norris, Esq., late manager * Aus- tralian Joint Stock Bank, Haymarket branch. Dear sir,-Your many friends and well-wishers cannot allow the oocasion " (that of sevoring his connection with the bank)' " to pass without testifying to your exceptional business qualifications, and the many disinterested aots of courtesy we havo experienced at your hands during your management," _a, and concluded by wishing success in whatovor sphoro of life Mr. Norris might be engaged. Tho address WBB signed by Alban J. Riley, Sydney Burdekin, W. M'Donald, Sea- forth Proctor, J. J. Toohey, J. Murphy, J. J. Carroll, J. P. Larkin, Mick Simmons (hon. treaiurbr), F. J,, Cahill (hon. secretary), and others, on behalf of the committee. Mr. Norris suitably responded, and thanked all those around him for the exceedingly handsome address and purse o£ sovereigns (£260) which they had been pleased to present hint with ; tho occasion was ono which would ever remain a green spot upon his memory; he could but very poorly express his deep gratitude to the committee, subscribers, and to Mr. Riley for presiding. Mr. Norris's health was after- wards drunk, and a vote of thanks to tho Mayor and to the committee brought the proceedings to a termi- nation. 0«r Thursday the No. 6 L. O. L. commemorated their 22nd anniversay in the Temperance Hall, Glades- ville, and from all points the meeting was a« unquali- fied success. R. W. G. M. Rev. E. D. Madgwick occupied tho chair, and was supported by Bro. Robin- son, D.C.S., Bro. Alexander, the oldest member of the society in the colony, and many visiting brethren. Tho Rev. Mr. Lumsdaino and the Rev. H. H. Britten occu- pied seats on the platform. The audience waB large and appreciative, and one of the finest gather- ings ever seen in, the hall. An address by the chairman on the advantages of tho institu- tion was a powerful one, and listened to by the audience who showed their appreciation of it by the enthusiastic manner in which it was received. Mr. Edwards sang " No Surrender " and " I'll Conquer or Die." Suffice to say this gentleman was in his best form, and fairly brought the house down by his admirable rendering of both songs. Misses Bayfield, Calloway, and Earle Bang during the evening in the most pleasant manner. The Rev. Mr. Lumsdaino gave a sound address on " Protestantism." Messrs. Short, Godfrey, Fearnley, and Leigh contributed largely to the success of tho evening by their duets and songs. Miss Trivett, as accompanist, won universal praise. THE Executive of the Groat Synagogue, Hyde Park, have decided to mark the approaching centenary of the colony iu a manner which is as distinctive as it is ex- cellent. They Intend to inaugurate an annual hospital Sunday service for the benefit of the metropolitan hospitals, the first of which will take place on Sunday, January 29. A LETTER has been received by the Hon. H. E. Cohen from his Excellency the Governor, informing him that the address to the Queen from the Jewish community of Netv South Wales on her having attained the completion of the 50th year of her reign had been received, " and tho boautifnl casket in which it waa enclosed has been laid before her Majesty, and tho Sec- retary of State has been commanded to convey to tho Jewish community her thanks for their loyal congratu- lations, which she much appreciates." Mu. CHARLES FOEKEST, of Stanmore, writes to sug- gest that the Newtown and Petersham boroughs should combine, and instead of allowing the refuse of the districts to endanger health, should treat it by fire, a3 ___ is successfully done in cities and large towns on tha Continent. " SüBscRiBEn" writes ; As a contributor to the funda of the Randwick Asylum, I should be glad to leam somewhat moro in connection with the resolution which appears in the Herald of Thursday, as moved by Mr. Penfold, namely :-" That the sum of £1000, out of a balance of nearly £4000, be transferred from the funds in the Savings Bank to the general account" I would like to know if this £4000 represents special dona- tions or legacies, and if BO, can the same bo appropriated in this manner? But what appears to be the strangest part of the roport is that furnished by the medical officer, in which ho says:-"Eighteen childron wero discharged from tho hospital, and at pre- sent there were (sic) 38 remaining in the hospital. The general health of the children during the month had beep very good." How the health of the 270 childron can bo termed " vory good " when 56 have been inmates of the hospital during tho month, and say 14 per cent are still under treatment therein is, to say the least of it, puzzling, and calculated to convey to the general public the idea of general unhoalthiness. Neither does thiB percentage of hospital patients agree with the latter part of the report, which dilates on thn "excellent and robust appeal ance of the children,*' which " may very largoly be attributed to the abun- dance of pure milk and vegetables " recoived from tha farm. With respect to parents and children being allowed to correspond by letter, the public have been led to believe that suoh a regulation has been in exis- tence for many years past ; now it would appear from the report that it is, comparatively, a new regulation. The same may De said of the " privilege " of parents visiting their children. In years past parents wera more privileged in this respect being allowed to see their children on any day they applied to the authori- ties for permission. WE have recoived another letter from our cor- respondent " Yitzchak " on the subject of the Jews and thoir literature. Ho replies to some of the strictures passed by other correspondents on his first I letter, and thon, referring particularly to the works of Maimonides, ho says ;-" There is in tho London in ' stitution in Finsbury Circus an English translation of his laws of tho Hebrews relating to the poor and the stranger. In the ' British Museum I have seen a translation in English of the More Nevuchim, There is also in oxistenco an English translation of his pre- cepts, and a Latin translation. De Jeuve pawperis et peregrini apud Judaos, with the Hebrew text and, I think, the explanatory notes in English. In regard to tho Jewish boys, he flatly contradicts the statement that many of tho Jewish boys in this city aro able to» read and translate fluontly tho Bible and the Prayer book, except they havo been ta ught elsewhere." A COBUESPONDENT signing himself " W, W." writes in Bupport of the proposition that the Mooro Park pond, near the Association Cricket Ground, should be mado suitable for model yachting. He Bays that theie aro numbers of model-yacht enthusiasts in Sydney, and it is nothing but fair that they should have ono sheet of water at least, and that water should be fresh and pure. The "city fathers" ought to seo to this at once. To show how matters of this kind are dealt with else- where, ho refers to a report in the Model Yachtman, ia which it is shown that after hearing a request from a deputation of yachtsmen tor the constructiou of a pond and boathouse in Wost Park, Hull, the Hull Park com- mittee expressed their thorough approval of tho sohome, and passed a resolution that the borough engineor report upon the cost to the next meeting. The depu tationists, in support of their request, pointed to the action of the Prince of Wales towards the Serpentine clubs, that of tho Metropolitan Board of Worka towards tho Clapham Club, and also to the facilities granted at Liverpool, &c.; IN speaking of the gonoral election which has just closed in Now Zealand, the Wellington Tintes of Septem- ber 80 says :-The scrutiny for tho Waikaia electorate has rosulted in putting out Captain Mackenzie, a "Doubtful," and putting in his opponent, Mr. H. S. Valentine, by a majority of one, thus securing anotbor safe voto l'or tho Oppositiou. This makes the respective numbers-Opposition, 54 ; Ministerial, 38 ; Doubtful, 8 ; thus increasing tho majority against Ministora to 13 certain and 19 probable. It is interesting to compare the election returns, now complete, with the division on the non- confidence motion passed in May last. When the debate on that motion carno to an end just after midnight of the 27th May, 42 gentlemen voted that the tariff and other financial proposals of the Government wero unsatis- factory, and 88 against it, and for the second reading of the Customs Duties Bil). Of the 42, 27 have beea re-eleoted. Of the remaining 15, six did not seek re« eleotion, and the other nine wero defeated. Six mem bora paired for tbe non-confidence motion, and of thesi four were ie-olected and tivo defeated. Twenty-seven BIBO of the 38 yvho voted with the Government were re-elected. Two, howover, wore returned on the Opposition ticket. Of tho remaining 11, four did not seek re- oleotion, and the other aoven wore defeated. Only one of the six pairs wasre- eleoted. Reckoning the members who paired as having voted, 48 supported the! non-confidence motion, and 81 of them have beea re-olectod ; 44 opposed it, and 28 havo boon re-elected. , THE Vavau (Tonga) correspondent of the Fiji Time», writing on August 26 on the aubjeot of the peraecu« tion of Wesleyans in the group, Bays :-"The way in, which all those friendly to the Wesleyans, or who it U supposed aro desirous of becoming" Wesleyans, are coerced by tho Government is shameful, and not less shamoful because done in euch an underhand way. Finau Lahi, mentioned in last month's letter as having recommenced the perse- cution here, instead of being reprimanded by the authorities haB been promoted from a constable to the position of an inspector of police ; and another mon, formerly magistrate hore, who behaved himsolt so, badly, that ho was dismissed from the Government em- ployment, ha» again been taken Into favour and modi. . Judge. ' 'He has been sent, 'together with Finau Labi, | to the Niuas to tyrannise over the ' people there, and keep them from becoming Wesleyans. A fortnight Bince I was present in tho police court Seven or eight cases were tried, in whioh the parties wore charged with having stated that the complainant Was a Wesleyan. This heavy offence boin» proved they were all mulcted in a fino of £3 or £4 each. One of the defendants appealed to the hi_rhor Court, but only to have the fine confirmed, and thus the fact Was established by tnese two Courts, that to be called ft Wesleyan was to be called something infamous, and that anyone using such an epithet to another was frailty ef scandal, and as such subject to line or imprisonment. All the parties concerned in these cases, complainant and defendants, were members of the Bo-oulled Free Chuioh. The eomplain ant waa a Government official and clark of the Court. That the magistrate here should pass such a sentence is- scarcely to bo wondered at when it is borne in mind that one of our Wosloyan ministers in Tongatabu was sentenced to two yoars' imprisonment, which he is yet .erving, hy Togatea, for simply stating that, when in Auckland, Mr. Baker went to the Wesleyan Church, whioh was but the truth." . THE Fiji Times says :-" Time has brought about the jubilee of the Romin Catholic Church in this colony. Father Lope'it, the resident priest hore, proceeded to Levuka on September; 12 by the Fronch mnn-of-war, for tho purpose of being picont at the celebration of tho event, and as many of the clergy as caa bo gathered from the other parts of the group will also assemble. This interesting occurrence can but prove grateful to the feelings of those who are members of tho oldest of the Christian denominations ; and the memory of tlie hardships undergone and the services rondored by the pioneers of the faith boro will be vividly brought home to the recollections of' thoso who may gather to do honour to st» memorable an epooh in the history of Eoman Catholicism. On such an occasion, tho devotion, unostentatious piety, charitable work and God-fearing life of tho Rev. Father Broheret, Prefect Apostolique, can but bo borne in mil d. Moro faithful priest and truer gentleman never breathed. Sublimo in his solf-imposed obligation of poverty, the riches of tho rev. Father's generous and charitable heart aro unspeakable. Knowing no difference of creed or clime, his large-minded beneficenco has caused him to view distress as the claim and bond of brotherhood, nnd to acknowledge as an obligation the duty of bestowing lelief and consolation wherever they might be needed. This jubileo will bo cause indeed for bim to rejoice ¡ but no less so will it be to his co-religionists, in the reflection that the chief minister of their faith here has proved himself so worthy a representative of the truths which ennoble the practice of truo Christianity iii its highest form." , , TnAT notoriously popular poison " Rough on Eats " claimed another individual as a victim, yesterday evening, tho event happening in tho Sydney Hospital, to which institution the patient had boon conveyed a few hours prior to his death. Tho name of tho de- ceased is Samuel Alexander Marsh, vvh« resided at No.. 21, Wood's-laue, Woolloomooloo. On his admission to the hospital at noon he was found to be suffering from the effects of arsenical poisoning. The stomach pump and the usual antidotes were therefore promptly brought into operation. The sufferer, however, only lingered till 4.80 p.m., at which hour bo died in great agony. Ho has lately b^een employed on tho rolief works at National Park, and left homo at an early hour yesterday, apparently with tho intention of -going to attend to his duties. He, however, returned home at about 9 o'clock, and told his wife that he had purchased some " Eough on Eats" at, a chemist's shop in George-street, and that he very soon afterwards consumed the preparation, and "washed It down with some beer." It appears that on the pre- ceding day his wife took a box of the poison in question from him. An inquest in connection with the man's death will be held to-day. AT an early hour yesterday morning a man named Albert Hebday, aged 23, an upholsterer, was admitted to the Sydney Hospital suffering from bruises on the head and having the left ear nearly severed. The acci- dent is supposed to be due to the man having been run over, but the patient could not explain the matter in any way. On Thursday a man named Joseph Richard- son, a house painter, aged 38, and residing at No. 20, Chapman-street, Moore Park, fell from a ladder on which he was working, a distance of 30 feet, and suffered bruises and internal injuries, for which he is being treated at the Sydney Hospital. MR. ERNEST NEEDS has been appointed conductor of the ballroom orchestra to his Excellency the Governor. * IN our report of tbe result of tbe Senior Publie Exami »ations, which appeared in our columns last YVedneiday^ it waa said that one pupil from YVellesloy College, Now-' town passed. Thii should have been two, as will be seen ty referring to the details given. , THE following is the order of service at St. Andrew's Cathedral on Sundav next: -Morning, 11 a.m.-Te Deum, Dykes, in F.; Antliom, "O! Taste and Seo" (Sullivan). Afternoon, 3.15 p.m.-Magmilicat, YVinchester in F; Anthem, .' What are These" (Stainer). THB sixteenth anniversarv cervices of the Cleveland Btreet Wesleyan Sabbath school will be preached to-mor- row by the Ttevs. J. Austin and J. H. Fletcher, in the morning aiid evenincr respectively. A flower service will behold in the "afternoon, when the Rev. J. YVooinough will deliver an address. The annual public meeting will he ¿eld on Monday night, when several speechoi will be made, in addition to which an attractive programme of music will be presented. WE havo received the following subscriptions in aid of tho man Charles Corleft, who so bravely distinguished himself in atttempting to save a girl named Kain from burning on the 2!)fn September, and who, in consequence of his"exertions, s-iffored from a paralytic stroke :-William Russell, £1; T. H.,Faige, £1 la. WE understand that the public dinner to Mr. J. Henni ker Heaton, M.P. (liugland), which takes place on Monday evening next, at the Town Hall, promises to bo a marked BUCC088. 'Iho committee-list published in another column, eompiises about 150 name* of tho leading publia men and citizens. His Worship the Mayor will preside The Hon. Sir John Robertson, K..C.M.G., will propose the toast of "Our Guest," and tho Hon. fcir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., thut of the " Union of English-speaking pcoplo throughout the world." Other prominent men will propose and respond to remaining toasts. Ouu Children's Homes, Liverpool, Yvill be opened this afternoon, at J o'clock. Trains leave Sydney at I and 1,05. An extra carriage will be attached to tho 1.55 train. In- tending visitois can return nt 4.12, or remain to tea and return at 6.2b. Tho Hon. E. Vickery, M.L.C., will pre- side at tho opening coi onion v, and addresses will bo deli- vered by tho Reva. T. B. Tresa, C. Olden, and others. THE following is the report of tho Benevolent Aaylum for the week onding OotoLor ï, 1887 .-Admitted, 6 women, 10 children ; hirth, 1 ; deaths, 2 ; jlischarg.d, 4 women, 6 ohildron ; reiiiiiuimg in tho home, 89 vvomi _, 124 children J total, 213. Provisions distributed : 1851 loaves bread, 12131b. flour, 5681b. moat, 6311b. sugar, 133flb. tea, 70_lb. sago, 1431b. rice, 21b. arrowroot, 911b. oatmeul. Fresh applications for lolief, 12 ; cases reported by the inspector, 87 ; in 13 cases tho roliof was discontinued ; in one case the rent money was disallowed. Total number of cases relived, 4G2. 