TWINKLINGS. The Bondi .\i|unrium have advortiscd tli>-ir show by si'ii'lmg ft uinuntuil L inner ronml with tli.> hilU. Tlt>>y wottl'l <toaf.vr a brnflt on tho iiintry if they would hire tho rt of those gilded puppeU and fe-M tin ehnrVa with them. Now York critics say that the now star, ilunoviovo LytUiu, travels on her head, while Mrs. (gingtry tntvob on her butt. Here the bnld heals prefer the staa hoAutios to trrvrel la the old fuhioaod etjlo, on their legs. Tho wngo.-i of Londou dick ltbaurors nrc to Iw dockod. Is this a:our>Ung to Docker ? Kh-jitoraunift is on tho incru.viu in Parle So it L> in Now South Wales. \V%» any esjM.-ct t-» see a MioUter for tho Klepto mania State binds and public tnoaoys in tbo I'utimet s.»n. At present the dutu-s of tbo oiRce are divided imp irti ally among the Miuutry. The Parromattians d > not deem the prrflcnce of a bull in our China shop desir able, and yet ft bull ia much less offen- sive than a wolf, or a shark. Mr. Bull U nut easily cowed, he will be mure success ful neat tiuio. A disguised Irish Karl keeps a Sydney pub. neaps of dinguiacd noblemen assist t> keep the ruin factories uoing here. They are not fitted for any other occupation. " General Negus, with a strong force of I Abyssinian, Is advancing rapidly against the Italians." From what is known here of these individuals they may be expected to swallow Negus at one gulp. Mr. 5, W.Jones, clerk to the Legislative Assembly, has been presented by the messengers ot the House with a silver »rn. The gift bnodoubtweliurncd.but tboru U just a suspicion of a biut in the choic uf snch a gift, that Mr. June D about to bury himself— in retirement. The Customs revenue derived from t»a for the month of Deeembur at Can. ke wim only JB8 13s Od. What is fnglU about ? Has the " rosy ghost" never explored that district ? " Carnarvon " is sorry that the Coital States separated from llritoiii. So are the Yonbecs, who would now he governing the old homo " front the White Home, and would, in that case, he able to dam back the Hood of undesirahle dtirens who. rtarved out of the older land, crows the Atlantic in thousands, seeking food and shelter. Parke is a clever man. lie couldn't do as he desired and build a dead-house, so he consoles himself by filling ap the dead- bouse we've got— the Legislative Council to wit. And at the public expense, too, E. J. 21. Knapp will contest Podding- ton. It will be a cold day for Edward when he cant keep the great cowbko eyo of the Australian public fixed on lum somehow. A. G. Taylor's Insolvency Is a very trumpery straight-forward affair. Strange that a man should to long have aaiucut.d with Parkes and yet have lc.trned su tittle! The mystery of " Dick " O'Connor's installation In the political dead-home is still unsolved, lie is not know have ever emlonvd an? Villa for anyone. Most of our rivers are now in fiuod. tt is a glad thing to know that there is a surplus somewhere in New South Wales even though It Is only a surplus of water. tt seems a queer thing that while it took thousands of South Sydney electors to keep John Da vies out of ItoUaoiear, it only required one man, Parkes, to over ride their decision, and pot him in. The word "repent "scribbled on public placet, it now discovered to be the work of on East Sjdneyita who voted the Parkes' ticket in February, It is his ad vice to the other pro-Parkeettes of that month. M. L. C —Miserable Lying Crawler, Mephiatopdelan Lickspittle Cor, Mean Low Coward. Mixture of Loafer end Cad, Marvellously Like Corruption, Mm of Leg-Ironed Conscience- nail so on. The Earl of Carnarvon was sent away alone to Queensland In a special train. This was absurd. There ia really no reason wby Australians should not travel with him,— bis fuilingo oro not infectious. W. Tecco. M.P., fct getting better. Qia illness is said to have been a mere run, planned for the purposo of escaping ocmlnation to the Legislative Council. 