THE KING'S SCHOOL, VI3IT OF LORD AND LADT CARRING- TON AND THE PRIMATE. Yesterday afternoon a select and fashionable company asseinb.c?! at the King's School, Parramatta, to take part In tbe service on the laying of the foundation-stone of the new chuoel atid to hear an addrnsv-t and testimonial presented to the lute bead- master, i»ev. G. F. iLicarthur. Lord and I-ady Carnngton, the Primate, Sir George and Lady June?, Lady Martiu aud Miss Martin, Mr, Cunliffe (aide-de- camp) and many others, including old boy 3 of ! the School, arrived by special train about 3 ! o'clock. A guard of honor, consisting of the Kiog's School cadetR, was drawn up in front of tho head- master's resilience, where Lord and Lady Harrington and suite were received by the Itev. A. »St, John Gray, head master. After the reception the company re paired to 0 position shadowing the toauclation- Bione of the new chapel, where Lord and L;uiy Carrington, tho Primate, Sir George Long and Lady luces, Lady Martin and Mis<< Martiu, Mr. Cuniiffe, Archdeacon King, Avchdeaeou Giin- tlur, Canon Kernuin, Dr. Corletie. Kcv. J>r. WoolD, Kev. Daicy Irvine and I)r. Brown were accommodated with sear. A religious service ! appropriate to the occasion was conducted by tha Kev. St. John Gray, in the course of which Lady Carrington, who was presented with a solid si.lver aud ivory trowel uud uiyail mallet, suitably inscribed, laid the touudation-stone with the following decar ition " In the faith oj: Christ, and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay the foundation-stone of the chapel of this school, in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the iioiy Ghost." The Primate then delivered aa addressed from the text "Oue body in Christ" (12 Kora. 6 v.), and offerings were afterwards received in aid of the chapel fund. An adjournment was made to the school on t-e conclusion of the service for the purpose of presenting tbe prices won last year, and to present addresses uud a testimonial from the school to the Bev. G. F. Mucarthnr, late head master. Lord Carrington presided, and bad on bis right the Pritnaie. The proceedings were commenced with an address from the hyacl master, Mr. Gray, who welcomed Lord and Lady Carrington to the school, and at his request Lord Carrington presented the prizes to the successful ' scholars of lust year, giving each student a hearty shake of the hand. An address followed from the Piimate, referring principally to tbe great work and aims of Public Schools, and embody ing some graceful expressions 01' gratitude to Lord aud Lady Carriuptou for their visit that day and the interest they had always shown iu the King's School. Sir George Lofig Innes, as an old hoy, heartily supported the proposition, which was accorded with very hearty acclama tion. in replying, Lord Carrington, made a happy, and, at umcs, very huiuoipus address and at hi.? request the hend-iuasler promised tbe school an extra week ut the Christ mas recreafiou in honor of her Majest's jubilee, a promise which evoked an Uproarious demonstration for his Kxcelloncy. On behalf of tbe "old boys," the Rev, K. ii Kemp presented two addresses to Archdeacon Giinther on behalf of the Rev, G. F. Macarthur, who was unavoidably absent, one of the ad- dresses being from " old boys residing in tue New England district. A purse 0/ 42u sovereigns and a portrait of the Rev. G. F- Macarthur, the unveiltug of which in the schoolroom was met with rounds of cbeer?; accompanied the ad dresses, Archdeacon Giinther icml a response from Mr. Macarthur, aud with cheers for Lord and Lady Carrington and the Queen and the siuging of the National Anthem the proceedings \v r rl» pti n r 1 n J f d- 