CORONATION ANECDOTES. [Abridged from a little work entitled "Chapters on Coronations."] In the age of the Plantagenets and Tudors, and under the Stuarts, until the coronation of James II., it was customary for kings to reside in the Tower of London for some time previous to the coronation. On the Saturday before the coronation the sovereigns went from Westminster to the Tower of London attended by great numbers of the nobility and civic dignitaries, and by those squires that were to be knighted, and who watched their arms that night. Each squire had a chamber allotted him, and a bath in which he bathed. The ensuing day after mass the sovereign created them knights. After their investiture they were permitted to sit down in the king's presence, but during the whole time of dinner they were not allowed to partake of any part of the entertainment. The queens in their own right, Mary and Elizabeth, though they girded the swords on the knights with their own hands, did not give the accolade or blow, which is the determinate action that Impresses the character of knighthood. At both coronations, Henry earl of Arundel performed this office. A copy of his appointment is to be found in Rymer. William the Conqueror. After William had taken the coronation oath, to protect the church, prohibit oppression, and execute judgment in mercy, Aldred put the question, "Will ye have this prince to be your king?" The people answered with loud shouts, and the noise gave so much alarm to the Norman garrison in the city, that the soldiers, believing the English to have revolted, without waiting to make any investigation, immediately set the next houses on fire; which spreading and giving a general alarm, most of the congregation rushed out of the church, the English hastening to stop the fire, and the Normans to plunder. The bishops, clergy, and monks, who remained within the churoh were in such confusion, that they were scarce able to go through the office of crowning the king; William himself, who saw the tumult, and could not coujecture its cause, sate trembling at the foot of the altar, and, though no great mischief was done by the fire, it laid the foundation of a long and inveterate enmity between the English and the Normans. William II., Rufus. William II. laid claim to the crown by virtue of a form of election; the nobles believing that he would be less inclined to control their usurped privileges than his elder brother, Robert. He was crowned at Westminster, September 27th, 1807, by Lafrane, archbishop of Canterbury, and the Archbishop of York. Besides swearing to observe justice, equity and mercy in all his conduct, and to maintain the peace, liberties, and privileges of the church, he promised that he would follow the archishop's counsels in his administrations. Henry I. The coronation of Henry I. was performed in a hurried manner, on the fourth day after the death of Rufus. In every respect the forms of his coronation were the same as those of the Saxon kings. Stephen. The coronation of Stephen, after he had sworn allegiance to the empress Matilda, was viewed with much anxiety in an age when it was supposed that the punishment of perjury was immediate and visible. The ceremony was performed by William Arcbbishop of Canterbury; and it is said that a dreadful storm arose, which threw all the parties into such confusion that the consecrated water fell on the ground, the kiss of peace after the sacrament was omitted, and even the final benediction forgotten. Henry II. Henry was crowned at Westminster on the Sunday before Christmas-day, A.D. 1154, by Theobald archbishop of Canterbury; although his hereditary right was unquestionable, he was formally elected by the clergy and people. It is said that Henry was crowned again with his queen, A.D. 1159; but this report arose from his having worn the crown during the ceremony. Richard I. Duke Richard, having made all necessary preparations for his coronation, came to London, where he assembled the archbishops of Canterbury, Rouen, and Tours, who had given him absolution for waging war against his father after he had taken the cross as a crusader. First, the archbishops, bishops, and clergy, wearing their square caps, and preceded by the cross and holy water bearers and deacons burning incense, went to the door of the royal bedchamber, and led the Duke in solemn procession to the great altar in the Church of Westminster. When they reached the altar, Richard swore, in the presence of the clergy and people on the holy Gospel and the sacred relics, that he would observe peace, honor, and respect, all the days of his life, to God, holy church, and its ordinances. His attendants then stripped him to his trousers and shirt, the latter of which was left open between the shoulders on account of the anointing. Baldwin, Archbishop of Canterbury, who wore rich buskins of cloth of gold, then anointed the king in three places, on the head, between the shoulders, and on the right arm. A consecrated linen coif and a cap of estate were then placed upon his head, and he was vested with the royal robes, the dalmatic, and the tunic; the archbishop then delivered him a sword to restrain the enemies of the church. Two earls then buckled on his spurs and invested him with the pall of State. After which Baldwin conjured him in the name of God, and forbade him to take the crown, unless he were firmly resolved in heart and soul to observe all the promises to which he had sworn. The festivities were sullied by a sanguinary and disgraceful riot. Numbers of Jews had flocked to England in the reign of Henry II., where they were honourably protected by that liberal and enlightened sovereign. Grateful for such unusual favours, they assembled at London to subscribe among themselves, in order to make Richard a splendid present on the day of his coronation. Unfortunately Richard was persuaded by some of the bigots who surrounded him that the Jews were accustomed to practise magic on sovereigns during the time of the coronation, and he therefore issued an edict prohibiting any Jew from entering the church while the ceremony was performed, or appearing at the palace during dinner. Curiosity overcame prudence; several of the most considerable Jews mingled with the crowd, and gathered round the gates of the palace. One of them endeavouring to force an entrance was struck in the face by an over-zealous Christian; this signal roused the fantasticism of the multitude; a general assault was made upon the Jews, who fled in confusion towards the city. Some wretches, eager for plunder, raised a cry that the king had given orders for the extermination of the unbelieving Jews; and, as this was by no means improbable, when the king was a crusader, it received implicit credit. The city mob, swelled by the multitudes who had come from the country, attacked the houses of the Jews which the inhabitants defended with great courage and obstinacy. The enraged populace, when night came on, finding that they could not break into the houses, hurled brands and torches on the roofs and through the windows. Conflagrations burst forth in various parts of the city, Which contained not only the houses of the Jews, but those of the Christians adjoining. Richard caused several of the ringleaders and most notorious malefactors to be apprehended the next day; they were hanged as a terror to others, a proclamation was issued taking the Jews under the royal protection, and the tranquility of the city was restored. John. John ascended the throne, to the prejudice of the hereditary rights of his nephew Arthur, by virtue of a form of election. The archbishops, bishops, earls, barons, and the other estates of the realm, being assembled in the church of Westminster, May 27th,1199, Hubert archbishop of Canterbury addressed them in these memorable words:— "Hear all men! It is well known to. your wisdom, that no man hath any right of succession to this crown, unless he be elected for his own merits by the unanimous concept of the kingdom, with invocation of the Holy Ghost, after the manner and similitude of Saul, whom God set over his chosen people, though he was neither the son of a king, nor sprung of a royal line; and in like manner after him, David, the son of Jesse; the former because he was brave, and suited to the royal dignity, the latter because he was humble and pious. So that he who surpasses all within the realm in fitness for royalty should preside over all in dignity and power. But if any one of the family of the deceased sovereign should excel others, his election should be the more readily and cheerfully conceded. Wherefore, as our late sovereign Richard died without issue of his body, and as his brother, earl John, now present, is wise, brave, and manifestly noble, we, having respect both to his merits and his royal blood, unanimously and with one accord elect him to be our sovereign." This was the most decisive form of election since the Conquest. Henry III. After the death of John, London being in possession of the French prince Louis, an assembly of the principal authorities was convened at Winchester, under the presidency of Gualo, the papal legate. They unanimously resolved that the young king should be crowned on the 28th of October, A.D. 1216. The ceremony was performed in the Cathedral of Winchester. The papal legate compelled Henry to do homage to the holy Roman church and Pope Innocent for his kingdom of England and lreland; he also made him swear that he would pay annual tribute of 1000 marks to the papal see. The ceremony of coronation was repeated by Stephen Langton, Archbishop of Canterbury. Early in the year 1286 Henry married the lady Eleanor, daughter of the Earl of Provence, whose beauty is celebrated by all the chroniclers. The ceremony of her coronation was performed with extraordinary pomp on the 22nd of January. Holinshed's account of it will no doubt gratify our readers: "At the solemnitie of this feast and coronation quene, all the high peeres of the realm both spiritual and temporal were present, there to exercise their offices as to them appertained. The citizens of London were there in great arraie, bearing afore hir in solemn wise three hundred and three score cups of gold and silver, in token that they ought to wait upon hir cup. Archbishop of Canterburie (according to his dutie) crowned hir, the bishop of London assisting him as his deacon. The citizens of London served out wine to everie one iu great plentie. The feast was plentiful so that nothing wanted that could be wished. Moreover in Tothill-fields roiall justes were holden by the space of eight daies together." On the 15th of August, 1274, Edward I. and his queen Eleanor were crowned at Westminster by the Archbishop of Canterbury, aided by other prelates. Holinshed adds some remarkable particulars of this coronation:—" At this coronation were present, Alexander king of Scots and John earle of Bretaine, with their wives that were sisters to King Edward. The king of Scots did homage unto King Edward for the realme of Scotland, in like manner as other the kings of Scotland before him had doone to other kings of England, ancestoures to this King Edward. At the solemnitie of this coronation there were let go at libertie (catch them that catch might) five hundred great horses by the king of Scots, the earles of Corewall, Glocester, Pembroke, Warren, and others, as they were alighted from their backs." EDWARD II. Edward II. and his queen were crowned at Westminster on the 24th February. Holinshed informs us:—"There was such presse and throng at the coronation, that a knight, called Sir John Bakewell, was thrust or crowded to death." The bishops also were incommoded, and forced to hurry through the service in a slovenly manner; and yet it was not concluded before three in the afternoon. EDWARD III. On the deposition of Edward II., his son, prince Edward, was brought to a general assembly of the nobles and clergy in the abbey church of Westminster, on the 20th January, 1327, and Walter Reynold exhorted all present to choose the young prince for their sovereign. All assented, but the prince himself declared that he would not accept the crown until it had been voluntarily resigned by his father. A remarkable coronation medal was struck on this occasion; on one side the young prince was represented crowned, laying his sceptre on a heap of hearts, with the motto, "Populo dot jura volenti" (He gives to a willing people); and on the other was a hand held out to save a falling crown, with the motto, "Non rapit, sed recipit" (He seizes not, but receives). RICHARD II. The coronation of this king was more magnificent than any of the preceding. The procession of the king from the Tower to Westminster, on the day preceding the coronation, is thus described by Holinshed: "The cttie was adorned; in all sorts most richlie. The water-conduits ran with wine for the space of three hours together. In the upper end of Cheape was certain castell, made with foure towers; out of which castell, on two sides of it, ran forth wine abundantly. In the towers were placed four beautiful virgins, in stature and age like to the king, apparelled in white vesture, in every tower one, which blew in the king's face, at his approaching neere to them, leaves of gold; and as he approached also they threw on him and his horse counterfeit florins of gold. When he was come before the castell they tooke cups of gold, and filling them with wine at the spouts of the castell, presented the same to the king and and to his nobles. On the top of the castell, betwixt the foure towers, stood a golden angell, holding a crown, in his hands, which was so contrived, that when the king came he bowed downe, and offered to him the crowne. In the midst of the king's pallace was a marble pillar, raised hollow upon steps, on the top whereof was a great gilt eagle placed under whose feet in the chapiter of the. pillar divers kinds of wine came gushing at foure several places all the daie long, neither was anie forbidden to receive the same, were he never so poor or abiest." HENRY IV. Henry IV. was crowned by archbishop Fitzalan on the 13th of October, 1399, and on this occasion the ampulla was first employed. After Henry had gone to the Tower he created forty-six knights of the Batb, among whom were three of his own sons. The procession from the Tower to Westminster was unusually splendid, no less than six thousand horse having been employed on the occasion. Froissart gives the following account of Henry IV.'s procession:— "The duke of Lancaster left the Tower this Sunday after, dinner, on his return to Westminster; he was bareheaded, and round his neck the order of the king of France. The prince of Wales, six dukes, six earls, eighteen barons, accompanied him, and there were of knights and other nobility from eight to nine hundred horse in the procession. He passed through the streets of London, which were all handsomely decorated with tapestries and other rich hangings; there were nine fountains in Cheapside and other streets he passed through, that ran perpetually with white and red wines. The whole cavalcade amounted to six thousand horse, that escorted the duke from the Tower to Westminster." HENRY V. Henry V. was crowned on the 9th of April, 1413. Katherine of France, the Queen of Henry V., was crowned on the 24th of February, 1420: the account which Holinshed gives of the magnificence displayed upon this occasion is far too characteristic of the age to be omitted. "After the great solemnization of the aforesaid coronation in the church of St. Peter's, at Westminster, was ended, the queene was conveyed into the great Hall of Westminster, and there sat to dinner. Upon whose right hand sat, at the end of the table, the archbishop of Canterbury, and Henrie surnamed the Rich, cardinall of Winchester. Upon the left hand of the queene sat the king of Scots in his estate who was served with covered masse, as were the foresaid bishops, but yet after them. Upon the left hand, next to the cupboord, sat the maior and his brethren, the aldermen of London. The bishops began the table, against the barons of the Cinque Ports; and the ladies against the maior. These, with others, ordered the service; and, for the first course, brawne in mustard, eeles in burneur, pike in herbage, fuiment with balien, lamprie powdered, trout, codling, plaice fried, martine fried, crabs, leech lumbard flourished tartes, and a devise called a pellican, sitting on hir nest with hir birds, and an image of St. Katherine holding a booke, and disputing with doctors. "The second course was, gellie coioured with columbine flowers, white potage or creame of almonds, breame of the sea, conger, cheuen, barbill and roch, fresh salmon, haliba, gurnard, rochet broilee, smelts fried, crevis, or lobster, leech- damaske, with the king's poesie flourished thereon. "The third course was, dates in compost. creame motle, carpe deore, turbot, tench, pearch with goion, fresh sturgeon with welks, porperous rosted, crevesse de eau doure, branis, eeles rosted with lamprie, a leech, called the white leech, flourished with hawthorne leaves and red hawes; a marchpane garnished with diverse figures of angels." HENRY VI. Henry VI. was crowned at Westminster, Nov. 6th, 1429, being then only in the ninth year of his year. The coronation feast was celebrated at Westminster with great splendour. In the first course, Fabian tells us, there were, among other royal viands, "Bore hedes in castellys of gold and enarmed," "Custard royall, with a lyopard of gold syttyng therein, and holding a floure de lyce." The pageant for this course was, "A sotyltie of Seynt Edwarde and Seynt Lowys armed, and upon eyther his cote armoure, holdyng atwene them a figure lyke unto Kynge Henry, standynge also in his cote armoure, and a scripture passynge from them both, sayinge,— 'Beholde II. perfyght kynges under one cote armoure.'" EDWARD IV. The monarch had his title confirmed by the forms of a popular election. Immediately after his victory over Henry VI. he came to London, and returned thanks to God at St. Paul's church. He was then conducted in solemn procession to Westminster, and placed on the King's Bench, in the Hall, which was filled with people. It was then demanded of the commons whether they would accept this prince to be their sovereign; to which all assented. He was crowned by Archbishop Bourchier June 29th, 1461. EDWARD V. Preparations were made for the coronation of Edward V., but the barons and commons refused to accept any of the late king's sons as their sovereign, and tendered the crown to Richard, Duke of Gloucester. RICHARD III. Richard III. and, his queen, Anne, daughter to the earl of Warwick, were crowned on the 5th July, 1483, "with the safe same provisions," says Grafton, "that was appointed for the coronation of his nephew." The king and queen received the sacrament from the hands of the cardinal archbishop of Canterbury, and one host, or consecrated wafer, was divided between them. HENRY VII. Henry VII. was crowned October 30th, 1485, and his queen, Elizabeth, October 30th 1487. The latter was remarkable for the possession by water from the palace of Greenwich to the Tower, instead of from Westminster, as was usual. The queen was escorted by the lord mayor, sheriffs, and the heads of the different companies in their state barges, richly ornamented with silken pennons and streamers, and also with the banners of the different trades, on which their arms were embroidered in gold. One of these barges, called the bachelors' barge, contained an extraordinary pageant, an enormous red dragon, which spouted streams of fire into the Thames. When the queen rode through the city on the following day, choirs of children dressed as angels were stationed in different places, who sang hymns and songs as she passed by. HENRY VIII. Henry VIII. was extremely fond of pageantry, and he was particularly anxious about the ceremonials of his coronation. The Londoners seconded his desires, and when, after having created twenty-four knights of the Bath, he rode through London from the Tower, June 22, 1509, the streets were hung with tapestry and cloth of arras, and a great part of the south side of Cheap and part of Cornhill were hung with cloth of gold. The several companies and civic dignitaries lined the streets; and Hall tells us, "The goldsmiths' stalls unto the end of the Old Change, being replenished with virgins in white, with branches of white wax; the priestes and clearkes in rich copes, with crosses and censers of silver, censing his grace and the queene also as they passed. The queene, Katherine, was sitting in hir litter, borne by two white palfries, the litter covered and richlie apparalled, and the palfaies trapped in white cloth and gold; hir person apparalled in white satin imbroidered, hir haire hanging downe to hir backe, beautifull and goodlie to behold, and on hir head a coronall set with manie rich orient stones." The coronation was celebrated with brilliant "justs and turneies," which the king and queen witnessed from "a faire house covered with tapestrie." EDWARD VI. Edward VI. was crowned February 20th, 1546\. "He rode through London into Westminster," says Holinshed, "with as great roialtie as might be, the street being hung, and pageants in divers places erected, to testifie the good willes of the citizens. . . . As he passed on the south part of Paule's churchyard, an Argosine came from the battlements of Paule's church upon a cable, being made fast to an anchor by the deane's gate, lieing on his breast, aiding himselfe with neither hand nor foot, and after ascended to the middest of the cable, where he tumbled and plaied many prettie toies, whereat the king and the nobles had good pastime." At this coronation, when the three swords, for the three kingdoms, were brought to be carried before him the king observed, that there was yet one wanting, and called for the BIBLE. "That," said he, "is the sword of the spirit, and ought in right to govern us, who use these for the people's safety, by God's appointment. Without that sword we are nothing; we can do nothing. From that we are what we are this day . . . . we receive whatsoever it is that we at this present do assume. Under that we ought to live, to fight, to govern the people, and to perform all our affairs. From that alone we obtain all power, virtue, grace, salvation, and whatsoever we have of divine strength." QUEEN MARY. Mary, the first female sovereign of this realm, was crowned on the 1st of October, 1553, by Stephen Gardiner, bishop of Winchester, the archbishops of York and Canterbury being then prisoners in the Tower. On the last day of September she went in State from the Tower to Westminster in an open chariot, drawn by six horses, covered with cloth of tissue. In a second chariot came the princess Elizabeth and the lady Anne of Cleves; the ladies in waiting rode upon horses covered with trappings of crimson velvet and satin. Three pageants were erected in Fenchurch-street by the Genoese, Easterling, and Florentine merchants. Among the city pageants , the most remarkable was that of St. Paul's cathedral, thus described by Holinshed:— "There was one Peter, a Dutchman, that stood on the weathercock of Paule's steeple, holding a streamer in his hand of five yards long, and waiving thereof, stood sometimes on the one foot and shooke the other, and then kneeled on his knees, to the great marvel of all people. He had made two scaffolds under him, one about the crosse, having torches and streamers set on it, and another over the ball of the crosse, likewise set with streamers and torches, which could not burn, the wind was so great. The said Peter had sixteen pounds, thirteen shillings, four pense for his costes, and paines, and all his stuffe." The conduits ran with wine, and when the civic authorities received the queen at Cheape, the chamberlain presented her with a purse of tissue containing a thousand marks in gold. ELIZABETH. Speed's account of the procession of queen Elizabeth contains some particulars too remarkable to be omitted. "All things in readinesse, upon the 14th of January, with great triumphes and sumptuous shewes, shee passed thorow London, towards Westminster, to receive her imperiall crowne; but before shee entered her chariot in the Tower, acknowledged that the seat was God's into which she was to enter, and shee his viceregent to wield the English sceptre; in that royall assembly, wish eyes and hands elevated to heaven, upon her knees, shee prayed for his assistance, as Solomon did for wisedome when he tooke the like charge; with a thankful remembrance unto God for his continued preservation, who had brought her thorow great dangers unto that present dignitie." She was crowned the 25th of January, 1555, by Oglethorpe, bishop of Carlisle, the see of Canterbury being vacant by the death of Cardinal Pole. Holinshed says that she composed the following prayer as she went to her coronation:— "O Lord Almightie and Everlasting God, I give thee most heartie thanks that thou hast beene so mercifull into me, as to spare me to behold this joifull daie. And I acknowledge that thou hast delt as wonderfullie, and as mercifullie with me, as thou didst with thy true and faithfull servant Daniell, thy prophet, whome thou deliveredst out the den from the crueltie of the greedy and roaring lions. Even so was I overwhelmed, and only by thee delivered. To thee, therefore, onlie be thanks, honor, and praise, for ever. Amen." JAMES I. The ceremonial for the coronation of James I. was prepared under the superintendence of that Monarch, and displays many marks of the pedantry and extravagant notions of the royal prerogative, which form so large a portion of his character. He created two earls, ten barons, sixty-two knights of the Bath, and conferred the honor of knighthood on about four hundred gentlemen. CHARLES I. The coronation of Charles I. was delayed until the 5th of February, 1626, in consequence of the plague, which then reigned in London. The principal novelty was the introduction of the following clause in one of the prayers: " Let him obtain favor for thy people, like Aaron in the tabernacle, Elisha in the waters, Zacharias in the temple. Give him Peter's key of discipline and Paul's doctrine." In the year 1633 Charles I. went to be crowned king of Scotland and Edinburgh. He was received with great splendour, and several pageants were prepared to honor his reception. The most singular was a triumphal arch, under which a mountain was raised in the form of a theatre, upon which sat a nymph, representing the Genius of the city of Edinburgh, "Shee was attired in a sea-greene velvet mantle; her sleeves and under roabe of blew tissue, with blew buskins on her feete; about hir necke shee wore a chaine of diamonds, the dressing of her head represented a castle with turrets, her locks dangled upon her shoulders." She was attended by Religion, "all in white taffeta, with a blew mantle seeded with starres, and a crown of stones on her head, to shew from whence she is," leaning upon a shield, and trampling beneath her feet Superstition, represented as a blind old woman, covered with rags. On the left hand stood Justice, in "a red damaske mantle," trampling upon Oppression, represented as "a person of fierce aspecte, in arms, but broken all and scattered." CHARLES II. Charles II., having been invited to Scotland by the Presbyterians, was crowned at Scone, January 1, 1651. On this occasion a most extraordinary sermon was preached by "Master Robert Dowglas, minister at Edinburgh, moderator of the General Assembly, from 2 Kings xi. verses 12—17." The preacher delivered a fierce philippic against the young king's father and mother, the latter of whom he compared to the wicked Athaliah. When the ceremony was concluded, "the minister spoke to him a word of exhortation;" that is to say, a long oration, scarcely less offensive than the sermon. JAMES II. James's coronation, April 23, 1685, was celebrated with so much splendour, that it rendered him for a considerable time popular in London. The most remarkable anecdote connected with the solemnity is that, on the king's return from the Abbey, the crown tottered upon his head, and would have fallen off, had not the Hon. Henry Sidney supported it, saying, "This is not the first time our family have supported the crown." WILLIAM AND MARY. For the first time in England both the king and the queen were crowned as sovereigns. The ceremonial was very stately and cold; it took place on the 11th April, 1689, the Bishop of London officiating instead of the Archbishop of Canterbury (Sancroft), who scrupled to place the crown upon the head of sovereigns who claimed it by a parliamentary title, and not by hereditary descent, and what he called divine right. ANNE. Anne was crowned April 28, 1702; her husband, prince George of Denmark, was present, but took no prominent part in the ceremony. The queen gave the kiss of peace to the archbishop and the other prelates; but, when the temporal peers did their homage, they only seemingly kissed Her Majesty's left cheek. As Parliament was sitting, galleries were provided for members of the House of Commons, both in the Hall and the Abbey, and a sumptuous dinner was prepared for them in the Exchequer Chamber. GEORGE I. George I. was crowned at Westminster October 20, 1714, with the usual solemnities. The king did not understand English, and few of those around him could speak German, so that the ceremonies had to be explained to his Majesty in such Latin as those near him could command: this gave rise to the popular jest that much bad language had passed between the king and his Ministers on the day of the coronation. GEORGE II. George II. and Queen Caroline were crowned October 11, 1727, with the usual solemnities, but nothing occurred to give any variety or interest to the scene. GEORGE III. George III. and queen Charlotte were crowned the 22nd of September, 1761. In the Gentleman's Magazine for 1764, p. 28, is an extract from a letter addressed to the Duke of Devonshire, which contains the following singular anecdote:— "The young Pretender himself was in Westminster Hall during the coronation, and in town two or three days before and after it, under the name ot Mr. Brown. A gentleman told me so, who saw him there, and who whispered in his ear, 'Your Royal Highness is the last of all mortals whom I should expect to see here.' — 'It was curiosity that led me,' said the other; 'but I assure you,' added he, 'that the person who is the cause of all the pomp and magnificence is the man I envy the least!'" When the champion cast down his gauntlet for the last time, a white glove fell from one of the spectators, who was in an elevated situation; on its being handed to the champion, he demanded, "Who was his fair foe?" The glove was said to have been thrown by the young chevalier, who was present in female attire. GEORGE IV. The coronation of George IV., which took place on July 19, 1821, was the most splendid ever celebrated in England. A special Act of Parliament was passed to enable the Duke of Norfolk, who was a Roman Catholic, the functions of earl marshal on the day of the coronation. He also, as premier peer of England, returned thanks for the sovereign when the king's health was toasted by the peers. During the coronation feast the king acknowledged the different services performed according to ancient usage very graciously, save only when the cup of wine was presented by the Lord Mayor and citizens of London. His Majesty treated these gentlemen with marked coolness, and did not acknowledge their service by any salutation. The account of this coronation given by Sir Walter Scott is so graphic and lively, that we think it will gratify our readers to insert an abridgment of it:— "The effect of the scene in the Abbey was beyond measure magnificent. The altar surrounded by the fathers of the church — the king encircled by the nobility of the land and the councillors of his throne, and by warriors, wearing the honoured marks of distinction bought by many a glorious danger — add to this, the rich spectacle of the aisles crowded with waving plumage, and coronets, and caps of honour and the sun, which brightened and saddened as if on purpose, now beaming in fall lustre on the rich and varied assemblage, and how darting a solitary ray, which catched, as it passed, the glittering folds of a banner, or the edge of a group of battle axes or partisans, and then rested full on some fair form 'the cynosure of neighbouring eyes' whose circlet of diamonds glistened under its influence. Imagine all this, and then tell me if I have made my journey of four hundred miles to little purpose. "The box assigned to the foreign ambassadors presented a most brilliant effect, and was perfectly in a blaze with diamonds. When the sunshine lighted on Prince Esterhazy, in particular, he glimmered like a galaxy. An honest Persian was also a remarkable figure, from the dogged and impenetrable gravity with which he looked on the whole scene, without ever moving a limb or a muscle during the space of four hours. Like Sir Wilful Witwoud, I cannot find that your Persian is orthodox; for, if he scorned everything else, there was a Mahometan paradise extended on his right hand along the seats which were occupied by the peeresses and their daughters, which the Prophet himself might have looked on with emotion." But, in truth, the only interesting spectacle connected with this feast was the challenge of the champion, which is now now not only unmeaning but illegal; for it is directly contrary to the statute abolishing wager of battle in all cases whatsoever. WILLIAM IV. The arrangements for the coronation of William IV. and Queen Adelaide were a compromise between economy and parade. The procession from the Hall to the Abbey and the coronation feast in the Hall were omitted. The popular enthusiasm was greater, however, than on any former occasion. The new entrance to St. James's Park was opened for the first time, and in the evening the metropolis was universally illuminated. The very lanes and alleys tenanted by the poor classes were lighted, to testify the loyal affection of even the humblest for "the sailor king." 