SIFTINGS. Ghosts in Wahgunyab. . Land salo at Corowa, Feb. 16. Austria ia openly propariug for war. Quarterly Licensing Court at Ooroira. Jan. 31. Rntherglon County Court, Tuesday, Feb. is. \- Sir Henry Farkea will adhere to hia free- trado polioy. . " ' Tho prospooto for the local vintago are : oncouraging. . ' 1 . There is a briak demand in London for Australian wines. Mr.. P. K. Ritohio once more captain of the Corowa Fire Brigade. : ' The official estimate' of the American wheat crop, is 457,000,000 bushels. : V. " : Miss Bessie Hoopor haa been appointed puhliO;Sohool teaoher at Qunt Quatta. -' Bash- fires are raging in various parts of Tasmania, doing considerable damage. : The surplus from the International .Ex hibition in London will show a net profit of £30,000. It is feared that the now Victorian loan of £3,000,000 will not be as great a sucoobs as the last ono. Tho Governor of Herat is to be brought to task on a oharge of favoring Russia at the expense of England. . Twenty-five , persona have been arrested in Kerry (Ireland) for resisting the police in connection with oviotions. > The' foar sisters of meroy deputed to tako control of St. Mary's Catholio School Arrived in Corowa'on Monday. . Speaking in tbe Gorman Boichstag Prince Bismarck said that England had little to fear in tho event of a war with Raeaia. The German Army Bill, providing for an inoreose of 41,000 men, has been passed by the Reiohstag for a term of three years only. / Tho British Government ' aro . about to appoint u'conBul at the island of Earatongs, one of tho Cook'e group in the South Pacific. Tho , indebtodnoea of' Victoria, including 'their 'presont projected loan! amounts to £33,087,887, whilst Now South Wales owes £41,100,000... .. Lord. Randolph.. Churchill, expresses Iris , willingnans bo co-operate with any party who will insist on the necessity of economy in the publio service. \- Letters of administration In the eatato of Raglan Davey, tho viotim of the Albury mystery, have been granted to his widow. The estate is valued at £800. ' In tho event of Sir Henry Parkes, the now' Premier, not boing able to command a 1 working majority in the Hones, it is stated that the Governor will grant a dissolution. Tho now war ship Australia, 300 feet long, carrying vory powerful armamont, speed 19 knots an hour, was lauaobed on tho 25th Novambovlast by Messrs, Napior, of Glasgow. Tho Liberal conference held in London adjourned withoutany practical result being arrived at. It wno considered that Home ' ' Rule in Ireland was inovitsblo. Tho British Admiralty havo arranged for sopplying regular coursaa of inatruotlon in . toipodo' warfare 'to tho offioora and men eoleotod from the defouae forcos of the various colonies. . Pi, bubo-Pneumonia.— ' Tho existence of plouro pneumonia in diatriot cattlo was lost week reported to Mr. W, G. Houlea, etook inBpootor at Wahganyah. That officor at ones informed tho district inopoa- tor, Mr. E. Porry, of Booohworth, of the oirouinstanoo and also wrote to tho ownor of the lnfeeted oattlo, Mr. D. King, of' Brimln, calling his attention to tboroport. In reply Mr. King oxpresecd his willingnosi to have tho oattlo dentroyod. On Tueodsy Mr. R. Perry nrrivod lu Y/abganynh, and; on the following day procoedcd to Lake Moodemoro whore n cow and steer, hearing Mr. King's brand wore found to bo suffer ing from undoubted : symptoms of plouro! ' ' Both wore at once destroyed and buried with tho usual precautions. i 1 