Nw a B-i Who had Chueated rmI Came. ack Afer'Death to ApologIze. Va?sontoon, Pa., rews. "[ never go much on ghost stories," be-an Contractor VanDyke at the Clinton House the other eveniug. -The old gentleman hat' been listening with more or less attention to a serise of fables being told by the guests of the hotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contractor replied. "My experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don't sup. pose you will believe mo, but the story I will tellyou is true. I can produce a living wit ness to it, and I will at any time make affli davit to its accuracy. Two years ago I was building a piece of railroad down in theeast emra parte.o this State. Among the people who furnished me ties was an old trader in whom I jad little or no confidence. As the bills foi the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man. \- knew to the tie the number used. After my contraet was completed' the old trader sued me for the price of fitty ties. The case was tried, and.. I was --ompelled.. to pay the'money. The old man had sworn to his bill; and little or hno efence could be made. When I paid the money.I warned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappyendiong. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as I can see you now he was there in life. He wakened me by calling my name. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he could not see him and laughed at me. He told me I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called me by name. He said he had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the money. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with me of the matter before we went to sleep again. The next morning he told the story on me as a joke, but while we were nt breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me.-I have no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satistled his visit to me was the last one. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my boot jack t" Cora (smiling archly-" The cat." \--Puck. What's in a Name i BY H. o. DODGE. Ann arm he placed around her waist AndIrew her to his side, ' And liildu , still, "0, dearest Wil, Liam Harry me '" be cried. "Ask Martin night," she screamed outright, "And Ella you're my beau-" d " I Noah not,"he groaned a lot, " YouArthur one to go."'. " Come down Nancy her then with me, And let Estella quick " Dear Marthal" miss said with a kiss "Please take a Luke nt Dick." " He is Amnolda liglltful and Iie wanti to Mary me- He Israel sweet. -Mawt Ira Pete flei"wnts to'Ed," said she " \Vill Hiram main alone, dear Jane, If Phllbe comes.a, m son?" "No I mother, no I" Dick yelled IIugo With us. We three are one," " You tabel Eve I'd never leave 'ly -Jne," ma Zed with tears. i "And llda Clare," Dick tried, "you'll share t My Sally re for years." " Of course, my child." M'ark quickly slled, " Or Jane ain't Marion yet- - But-businesi s e?w-Let Cosner, now How much a Larly you get. Dick's Sarah Rose with fricht. ",I 'spose Six dollars, tmum, May week-" "Jnnet go to bed," tna sternly said, Soon Ass tongue could speak. " And yon, yon tramp I you Orville scamp- t " 1 1I teach you to consider E're you bereave-y-es--Andy ciove An unprotected widder." Only the Seventh Time.-" ay did you f hear that Barnutm was o.and f" querietd one bootblack of ntiother the day tihe afteroonea papers contained the false dispatch. "'Ye, I heard of it, but that's nothing." "Tain't, eh? He won't be here with the b circus I" "Oh, yes he will. Te died seven times since I can remember, but he's always c around next season, just the same. That's the reason his show 'is the higgest thing on this hemisphere--admission the sameas usual. c A Natural Mistake.-" Mamma, when 1 o die I want yeo to make cream out of me." - "What'. riliclous'idea. low do vou expect I am.to make cream out of you when you sire dead l" "Why send me to 'th crematory.-The Ju,/ge." to A Wonterfull Resemblance.-Guibon h lard takes a promenade in the salon, in company with a young painter who has a picture on exhibition, which has been com. mended by the committee. " " Show me," said the former, " your picture that has secured honorable mention." " There it is," said the artist-" portrait of " woman. "Very, very fine as to execution," said e Guibollard, "but how the duce did you come to choose such an ugly model I" "Indeed, sir, this is my mother," replied the artist, coloring, quickly. "Your mother I" exclaimed Otibollard, with confusion. "Pardon, Monsieur, I ams's stuptd. I ought to have perceived it at a glance. TYe are as like as two peas I"-Trans. - fated from the French. c A Bum in lrithmetic.-Child-" Grand. pa, hew old are you 1" Grandpa-"I am 87 years old, my little b dear." a Child-"Then you was born eighty years before I was." Grsadpa-" Yes;my little girl." Child-" Law, what a long time you had v to wait for me.-Tseor Siftings." Not "at all Strange.-Frank It. Stocte, author of "The Late Mrs. Null," is accused if giving her heroine grey eyes one page and blue eyes on another. Quite as remarkable eases as this have frequently occurred. Men have left home with cold, gray eyes in the s morning, and returned home at night with a t beautiful pair of black.and.blue eyes.- N'orrsitewe Elerald A Heavy Tragedy.-- Merimee, referring t M. Viennet, of the academy, observed: "We must not speak ill of hie tragedies. t At the siege of Leipaie he had one in his gpocket, A eanmon ball ricochetted against his breast, but the tracedy saved him. The missile had net strength enough to go beyond the third act.-.Frenoh WVit." At a recent press dinner one of the guests b present made a speech in which he paid a ' glowing tribute to the name and fame.of the I immortal Gutenberg. At the close of tis address, which was received with veciferous w applause, the chairman, who had dined well p if not wisely, said : " If Mr. (hic) Guten. n berg is present we weuld be (ie) glad tI have him make a few remarko.--Lif.* -IT In Good Sh8 pe for the Races-mrs. ? ' linthrop-" Why, Tommy, what made ye u break your rocking horse to pieces " , Teommy-" Well mamma, you see, Jhn, a theeoactomoo, told me no horse could be used until he was" broke,' and I thought lId get mine in good shape for the races. pastimae Graplit. He slipped quietly in at the door, but catclhingsigle of ten inquciricg fac over the stair rail, sald-" Sorry so late. my dear; I ceouldn't get a tram-cear fore." 'So the aore were faell, Ion." said the wifd, aced furtler remarks were Utcllceecensry. Fair Cnsletomer-"Atod you can melt u t.hees, you .s ty, and make us new ones. Jewreller--" Oh ye-, easily. i Ouptos" thc same markineg will do for the nesw ones 1" Fair oestomer--t " Yes, you needn't melt tihe mnarling, Mr SprigcgsI jest sitrve that ex he**uak." 5 t 