THE MOON AND PLANETS. IN THE LICK TELESCOPE. [By R. A, Proctor.] The time is now approaching when we may expect the great telescope of the Lick Observa- <*> tory to be set to its work in surveying the heavens for wonders not within the ken of smaller instruments. Assaredly the world will be disappointed if interesting discoveries are not made by means ol that great eye —three feet in diameter—with which, from a station on Mount Hamilton, in California, well raised above the denser strata of our air, astronomers are pre- paring to study sun, moon and planets, comets, stars, star-clusters and star-clouds. Comparing the liick telescope with the largest yet made, and still more when com- parison is made with the largest yet used, we see that it will have an immense advantage when the air is in such a state that its full power can be employed. With its 36 inch glass it will be nearly twice as powerful in light gathering power as the Washington instrument (26 inches in diameter), and nearly half as powerful again as its nearest rival, the Poalkova telescope. But even this does not indicate its full theoretical superiority, for the larger an object glass is the smaller is the focal image which it forms of a point, and therefore the neater the picture which it forms of a star or of any por- tion of a celestial body studied by its means. Here is the chief advantage of a large tele- scope. We can use a greater magnifying power without losing clearness and sharpness in the image. It is hoped and expected, for instance, that with the telescope of the Lick Observa- tory a power of two thousand, which means an increase of apparent surface four million times, may be employed under favorable conditions of weather—that is, when the air is still and clear. If this should prove to be the case much may be expected from the use of this fine telesoope in the study of toe moon and planets. I propose to consider here what a?a,y be hoped for in this direction especially. For, indeed, the atndy of the whole range of survey to which this grand telesoope may be applied would require much more apace than could here be reasonably allowed me. It was a favorite subject of congratulation when firet the Boase telesoope was applied to the moon, that, assuming the magnifying power of the instrument to be 6,000, the moon would be studied as if at a distance of about 40 miles. That instrument would bear no such power, however. The Lick telescope ia far more powerful in reality, though so much smaller. If the Lick telescope mil bear a power of 2,000 it icight seem that we should get within about 180 miles of the moon. But this ia hardly right, for, as a matter of fact, the immense quantity of air which m looked through, when a glass one yard in dia meter ia employed, tend* necessarily to dimmii-h oonaideiataly the tdesoops'a range of view. Probably, if we set the distance at which the moon n.ay be supposed to lie when seen through this telescope under the most favorable conditions at about 160 miles, and regard the nearest approach made to her by the next best telescope at about aOOmiles, we shall form a fair estimate of the gain which may be expected. Any one who will stand at a mea sured distance of 200 paces from a building, and, having noted what be can see at that dis tance, will walk 50 paces nearer and note what he eees f torn this nearer standpoint, will be able to form an idea of the improved view of our moon which tbe astronomers at Mount Hamil ton may expect to obtain. If the consider the actual position in which the great telesoope will place us with regard to the mocn we recognise at oaae what we may and what we may not hope for. Looking at a portion of the United States from a dUtance of 150 miles an observer would not see any of the smaller details of the surface contour. But he would be able to distinguish the different formations from each other—not perhaps so much by their tint as by what may be termed their texture; and of course all the greater inx-ftuUritie* would be ooaupicugnsly dis cernible. The larger rivers wonld be quite obvious at that an observer so situated watching for a whole year it i* certain that be would be able to raoog uice the in imiwasof seasons by **?* AMywg aspect of tbe land's surf toe on account oTthe i-ffecta both of varying weather and of vaxious processes of vegetation. In studying the moon with tbe great tele aeope we may expect that suoh features aa these, already satisfactorily dealt with by large telescopes, will be more dearly dis cerned. Tbe answer already given to the question whether the moon nwwililns the eartb, oriifittobetbe abode of life, win be irpeaied, with somewhat more of pmrhaain. that is ail. It will be seen that the various puts of tbe auoont surface differ from each other, much as the various fcrmationa on the earth are ob aerved to differ; but it will be more cleaily seen than ever that on the moon there v neitber water nor any appreciable supply of air, that there are no rivers, no effects of siaanual change, no forma of vegetation, no clouds, bo nun ; in fine} that, in all those cir enmataneea on which the fitness ot our world for habitation depends, the rcoon is utterly unlike our earth. May we not hope for more from the use of the great telescope? It appears to a\e that we may, but not from direct ohaervafiim I nan see no chance that tbe homan ere studying onr dead neighbor, with a men inonaee of tale ecopic power, even tbe highest inornsn men can reasonably hope for, will ever parosire ?inch more than has already been Moogaised. Bat the Lick telwoope ? to be provided with an eye whioh has niach more power than the human eye, and moraom lecoida aconra tely what it sees, whioh tbe I an eve, even with the moat skilful hand aa an ally ia oaahle to do. The great telesoope ia ?> be employed in taking photographs of the heavenly bodies, and celestial photography has, within the last lew years, developed snoat waaderfnl powers. Tbe photographic work done by the Lick tekacope made be made U surpass all other ?nob work is moos greater degree tbw that in which thasnec? optical power of the calesoope has baa? merwa?d. For Urn oDoditioaw onder which photogmphy will be named on ?bant Hamilton wul be fatntable, Now tbe moon can bardly be said to have ben photographed at aIL The work of Ruther ford, De ia fine, Henry Draper, and BUery has served only to give an inkling of what may hereafter be does. To show that this is so, I need only mention that, while telescopes of great power have been employed in lunar photography, the r?ess picture of she mooa yet obtained shows no more than can be seen with a two-inch telescope, a tiny instnunent, aach aa one may see in any optician's window. If this really indicated the limits of photo graphic power, indeed, then wank) be ?>^**^"g to to said or dot* exoi^ to lament. But what isUMaotaalatatooftbeoascT The Btotfaen Henry ia Paris have within the last two years taoght their telescope to reoosd photographi cally, positively more than it will reveal to the rye! There is no reason why as much should not he done with tbe moon and planets, as has long since been done with the sun. Now tor this use of the great telesoope, the mean affords an excellent subject We may expect to get from her tbe most interesting in formation she ia capable of supplying. She is an ancient or rather a dead world, but tbere eordaf her past life is atill to be read anon her worn aurfaoa. Here are great enter rings, such as omoe existed on tbe ?artb, but daring her longer aad more active life have long since been worn away. Elsewhere are long bands of extruded matter, akin to tbe great lava masses of Mon tana and Wyoming. But in the moon they are more interesting, because they belong to earlier stages of the extrusive process. In other places we have broad tracts tntni ff-stly representing deposited strata, the floors of great oceans, the deltas of rivers, showing that though the moon now has less water by far than *h<* J and thouith ahe probably had always a much ""???>?? allowance per square mile of her surface, ahe onoe had softs and ocean*, Jakes and riven. Such features aa these are much better atadied r^v4ogr?p'?wi?lly than in any other way, because their interpre tation depends chiefly on delieatedifferences of tint and texture which photography can record far mote truly than any human hand, however deftly used. There is one other feature, stilt more deli cate, and even more interesting than the rest, which photography with the Lick telesoope will admirably render. The floors of lunar eeaa represent matter washed away from the moon's land surface in long-past ages, and deposited over a surface which was onoe itself marked by irregularities. Although the matter thus spread over tbe formerly irregular surface has hidden all dif ferences of contour beneath an almost uniform level, yet slight differences of tint still attest the presence of irregularities beneath. Pecu liarities may be noticed, which I have ven tured to call the "ghosts''of buried craters— ring-formed marks, something like fairy rings on the eartb, only ranging up to SO or 40 miles in diameter—manifestly showing where im mense craters lie buried, but not presenting the least difference of level. By means of photography these features were first detected. I believe that by photography, applied as the managers of the Lick Observatory hope to apply tt, they may be effectively elucidated. Thus may the moon be made to tell us her past, instructive alike in those details which resemble the details of our earth's history, and in those which belong to the moon's indivi duality as a planet. For, even as " one star differethfrom another star in glory," even asthe life of an oak differs from the life of an ash tne, bo also does the history of one world differ from that of another. In rrgard to planets, we must remember that a tUesoope does not even give us a bird's eye view. We see the nearest planet only as an orb in which all sacb details aa on our earth belong to continents am absoi?tels-lost Mare, tbe planeot most favorably aaan, pre sent* oo?tinentp, oceans, ioe-patcbes, and sods cloud manes aa extend far enough to cover those larger features from time to time. Bat we cannot hope to see rivers or rennntain r&rgea; cm the today planet. 1 know not, indeed, what to say abont certain mMkinge which SignorSchuparelli, of BlOan, and recently M. Perrotin, of Nice, tiiink they have seen. They an straight, broad band* running across the continents, and latterly j SchiapareUihas seen them doubled. If they are canals they are enormomly ' broad, certainly twenty times wider than the { Mimimppi at St Louis. They look too regular i and straight (as Schiaparelli pictures them) to be natural formations; and if he is right about their being double they mast be artificial. The great lick telescope may tell us something about these strange features; X must confess I strongly expect that the telescope will tell us that the parallel canals, if net the whole set, are optical Qlneions. It U at any rate worth remarking that they have only as yet been teen with teleeoopea of moderate power, and when the planet is unfavorably piftcfil for ob servation. In the case of Jupiter, we have a much more interesting subject of study than the Jupiter of 30 yean ego presented. For now we know that this planet is m laebptmd. mist wrapped world, but a planet still in its fiery youth, lite scene of the most frt a>*"f dutor bsnees. The great red snot, which has now during many yean exhibited marvellous changes of appearance and color—affecting a surface of abort 160,000,000 of square miles—may be made by means of the great telescope, to tell as its story better than it hai yet done. It may be found possible also ta prove what Henry Draper believed that he had recognised, that the light from this ruddy spot is in part due to the inherent light of t£e planet ?Ai"'"g -like the light of red-hot rock or metal—' hrongfa a great opening in Jupiter's dense envelope of clouds. The study of the ring system of Saturn by means of the great telescope cannot but be fall of interest, now that the (ing is recognised as a system of small moons "like the sand* on the seashore for multitude,'' travelling in flights around their mighty primary, looking bright where closely aggregated, doll and grey where bo widely scattered Oat betwasn tbtm the darkness of the sky beyond makes its way. In all these researches the photographic method will be applicable under most favorable conditions at Mount Hamilton. I have before me as I write, photographs, or rather —yet more wonderful—photo graphic engravings of Jupiter aad Saturn, made with the small telescope used by the Blotters Henry, near Paris, where the air is thick and the telescope apt to be disturbed by the movements of vrfiidwH. From the fulness of details in these, I infer that photographs of the planets taken with the lock telescope may do more, if proper methods are employed, to throw light on the nature of our fellow-worlds than any work done with the telescope for the last half century. 