CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. A rair minuter ot norse weie at worn )est;r<niy mora Ingon the different truck, and, owing to thu Australian Cup, tiftlner Were not loug .n finishing thdr business. Connolly started by scudlng Nabochllsli, i.oy, Mai quit of Wuturford, Bunker and Beelzebub good Mrnnd work on the tun. Butty's 1 air, lbznrd and Busltmun. circled two lounds on the tau nt ft goud win King gallop, I.ittJo Jack doing similar vxurchc. Stoekawn wns striding along at luff pace. Collins gave Kcwudistur mid Ua.1- » burner useful work over a mile on the grits. Jones had the Bohemian cantering on the tan. Louis Il.iind M\ntey brushed along over G furlongs. Violet inn a merry 5 furlong. Alia illu was spurring 011 the gram. Epicurean nnd Dcianiia cantered, nnd strode nlung < ver 4 or 5 fur- lonxs on the grass. Llduingtoti pottirud along gently, Silvennlne, with Trnliuu in thu sad lo, vrna given three turns on the t»nt increasing the pace thu last two rounds. liohai ran a strong round 011 tuc grass, going strong an.i well. Rosewood end Lady Loreil were moving along over five furlongs on tho grass. Mnr- mion was given three round on the gruss, thu last being fnst; Kitty PHicr ttrodo along for a mile. Golden Fleece, Ghost, Bar One nnd others of Hold's team were given mild exercise on the tan. Campbell despatched Blondin and Ague for a six furlong uplu, in which the former seemed to have thu best cf it. Lord Alien and Joss traversed the smttc distance in good style. Chicago was moving ulong at from half to three-quarter paeoon the ion, Gcntl ity, Fernandez and others of FouUham's )seru given healthy exercise. Roberts treated Spider to ft strung couple of turns on thu fan. Koly's Revenge went half pace exercise on the tan, white Lord Cochrane bounded aftmg over u mile on the grass, lien Bolt merely cnutcrcd. Vundcrbllt wont nbout 4 miles ou the tan, the latter part of the journey at a useful pace. Favo strode along for 2 miles on tho tan. Leek's St. Paul, bargin and other were given good preparatory exercise. Footman went scrvicoaMo work over 2 miles ou the tan ; Berkley also v.-unt useful exercise. The Liberator colt cantered. Uildy ran a smnrt round on the grass. Louise Bcrta cantered and. spirted. Fusee, Who still seems to go u bit lame, strodo along on the tan for useful work. Reticent cantered, Morau's Phenomenon cantered on the tan. 1 nrilngtoa went useful work over G furlongs. Greculus Fsurius, Victor, Symbol nnd Jack were striding along on tho tan, .Harper's and Lc k's&triugs; wero given hcolthy exercise on the tun and grass. Rails had Day star, Dexter, David, Dargo, Deploy and Mcu. schaum work lug nt intervals. 