NEWS INBRIEF. HOME VXD FOREIGX. A ghost which had kept the villagers of Rossett, Chester, in a state of alarm, was captured by a dog, and turned out to lie a man dressed in white. When the channel steamer Brighton went, down there was included in the freight a coffin iuclosiug tlie remaius of a lady named Maréchaux, intended for interment in Jersey. The coffin eventually floated, and, being picked up off the coast of Aldemey, was sent on for interment. During a storm in the Highlands a father and two sous were struck by lightning while seated at their ou u fireside, near Lain!. They were paralysed, and rendered quite helpless. A poor widow and lier six children suffered from jtoisouiug, at Cliiswick, two of the latter dying. It lias transpired that they wore poisoned by impure air, all having slept huddled together in a small room in which a lamp was burning. A woman pleaded guilty to a charge of bigamy at Liverpool. It was shown that the accused had been most cruelly treated by her husband. The judge sentenced her to half an hour's imprisonment. A young man was stabbed to death in the streets of Manchester by members of & rival gang of desperadoes known as "scuttlers." Members of the "high rip gang, " a band of ruffians, pillaged several shops in Liverpool, and stabbed those who offered resistance. At Hoxtou a young woman was murdered as she lay in bed by some one who entered the house early in the morning. Suspicion falls upon a former lover who has siuce absconded. At llrunn, Austria, an iimkeejter. his wife and sou are charged with murdering and burying eleveu iiersous who, from time to time, stayed in the house. The telephone is now laid lietween France and Brussels, and the Queen of the Belgians, in her own capital, was enabled to listen to a rehearsel at the Paris opera. A minister in Pennsylvania, detecting the odour of intoxicating driuks in a bridegroom's breath, stopped when half way through die marriage service, sayim that he had resolved never to marry a man any way under the influence of liquor. A young lady of good family lias just warned by prosy, an anarchist lying under sentence of death in America. As the authorities would not permit such a ceremony to take place, the culprit prepared a written document, deputing his brother to act in Ids stead, the J proxy-bridegroom giving tlie respoixses in the name of Iifs imprisoned brother. 