CI)c HapuitTia fSferaltt. TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1887. THE ANTI-COERCION MEETING. The citizens of Adelaide have fol lowed the example set them" by the citizens of Melbourne, and held a ^meeting to express disapproval of the Coercion Bill now before the Imperial Parliament. In point of numbers the meeting was not a very large one, as there were only somiewhere between a 1,000 and 1,200 present; but it was representative, and as large as the shortness ofihe notice, the threaten ing clouds, and the eounter attractions for those" who pad meetings, would admit of.. It is -thought by some that on this side of the world people had better let Imperial politicians man age their own affairs, bat this is a very narrow view to take of the meaning of citizenship of the Empire. If Imperial. unity is anything better than a farce, and the. pulses of the Empire beat in unison with the heart at home, it is impossible for colonials " to be un affected by what occurs -in the' mother - country.- -relations are surely of ■ as ~ Tmudi sympj^ thetic concern to us as external ones, and the mutual relations of our own blood in G-reat Britain and Ire land as chose of the United Kingdom and. the Sudanese. Besides, a. great English statesman has askedfor some expression of colonial opinion, and his request would be ill met with the callousness or cowardice of silence. The speakers of the meeting did not represent the Irish - race alone, and wisely kept as close as possible to the resolutions before them. Whatever may have been the old relations of England to Ireland, it is fitting now to let the dead past bury-its dead. ^Ehg land has opened her heart in atone ment, in conciliation,and the " written troubles" .of the past should be razed out for ever. We say England, be cause the Coercion Bill at present be fore the House of Commons is not the Bill of the English people. It is the 'Bill of Lord Salisbury and his tail, of a majority that has received no mandate on t.he subject from the coun try, and composed of those who have a deep personal interest in the causes of the erimes- that it is creating. It is only about two years since Jjord Salis bury at Newport played with the aspirations of-the Irish people. He" then as a party politician coquetted with Home B.ule, and he now casts it to the winds. He then declared that Coercion was no' remedy for discontent, and he now introduces it in its most rabid form. As Mr. JohnlMorley said to. an audience in East London, thes Bill mark*? the triumph of one political party over another. There is no faith in its pur port and efficacy behind it. There can be none in- the minds of calmly thinking men, for 86; of its kind have failed in this century before. But it will-pass, and the Irish people will, we hope, follow the adntfM their leader, and "be patient. - They:ar<} no longer' alone, for., the people -of ^England are becoming with them. "Time was" said Mr, Morley " when the Irish peasant sa\y ho light upon the horizon save that which, shone upon him from the floods of the broad Atlantic. He now sees ,'a new light nearer home. He no longer looks Westward.; he looks eastward too. , Hg sees a new beacon of hope and sympathy from England that shall not be put out." This is why it is that the past should be condoned and blotted out in all the loving forgiveness of a poor girl's heart. It is only necessary to jead the Bill to; understand why"* it' has met such widespread j and - letter .opposition. Other Acts were .te^p^rary, this is to' be permanent. Other ~£cts regarded the restless .secrets of =a ^ man's ~ own conscience as sacred, this t forces witnesses, even in extfe judicial pro ceedings, to answer questions though the answers tend to criminate them. It is true that the answers cannot be adduced as evidence-'against the wit I ness, but the trap 18 laid when, the answer is out. Most of the crimes to I suppress which the Bill is introduced j are at present unknown to the .English law. . It is for this reason that Mr. Gladstone says the , Bill is one to J create new crimes. ^ Under Section II., j subsection (1), if ; • two or - three I persons meet together* -to endeavor j to induce a tenant, whose rent they consider to beJ 30 or p p£r cent, too high, not to pay .'the rent without a I reduction, their act is ^criminal and j may be punished by-'two . stipendiary magistrates with Bit' months hard labor. Under the 3rd subsection of j the sanie clause " (a) any person who j shall take part in any riot or unlawful | assembly, or (&) within twelve months after the execution of any writ of j possession of any house or land, shall J wrongfully take or hold forcible j possession of such house or land, or any part thereof, " is guilty of a I crime punishable as "before mentioned I with six months imprisonment with or without hard labor. So that if, as I occurs over and over again, an evicted tenant returns against the will of the I sheriff, in the bitterness of a winter j night, to warm himself by the glowing j embers of his former home, he is a cri minal under this Bill. The kind-hearted | Samaritan,, who r^fused-tp- pass him by, and urged him to return for the night to what shelter there-was left, is a J criminal also, < for the Bill savs that I Pe.rson who, by words or acts, I shall incite, solicit, encourage, -or per suade any other person to commit any of the offences herein before men tioned," commits a crime. Then the j tribunals that are to summarily try I persons charged with .these offences I * suck 38 j® inspire confidence. 1 Stipendary magistrates : are not like our Special Magistrates, County Court j Judges, but mere police magistrates, chosen mostly from the failures of the bar or the pensioners of the army, men j who, it has been said with. little" exag I geration, " live and move and have the1^ being," in the atmosphere of the Castle. We don't say, that many of them may,not be honestly, disposed men, but there is such? a thing in this world as the unconscious prejudice of class andcnstorn. Besides,itwouldtake a very astute lawyer, iiideed, to-decide what is meant by "^interfere with the administration of thelaw," which is a crime under the Bill. The Bill also j Pp^er to search houses atany time, I ..^ one of the most ofiensire pro visions it contains. Bat we need not I go through its provisions. Enough I may have been said to "show why it is j that the Bill is denounced so uncom-. promisingly at great meetings through j out the United. Kingdom,, and by por | tion of the press of the three countries. But the worst feature of it is that its tendency may be to retard the growth of that feeling of goodwill- between Great Britain and Ireland which haB ef late been so marked^' \-- • '• . The New MinisTHT.-^pie Hon. T. Play ford lias succeeded in for minga new IMinistry, the offices in which are distributed aB follows Premier and Treasurer^-The Hon. Thbmas Play ford, M.P. Chief Secretary—The Hon. J. G. EamBav M.L.C. . J Attorney-General—The Hon. O. C. King flton, M.P. - Commissioner of Crown Lands—The Hon. Jenkin Coles, M.P. ! Commissioner of Public JVoris—The Hon. Alfred Catt/M.P. Minister of Education—The Hon. J. C. 3?/ Johnson, M.P. The Weatheb.—The weather continues most seasonable. On Saturday and Sunday splendid showers fell, 0*5$) being registered at the local observatory up to 9 o'elocfe on Monday morning for the preceding 48 hours. At the Waterworks nearly an inch fell, and the depth in the reservoir waB increased by 16 inches. Benevolent SociETY.-r-Tke fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Society was held on June 10th. There was a good attendance of members. The lisual business * was gone* through. Mrs. Scandrett was appointed President, Mrs. Will. Vice- President, and Mrs. A; Harris Treasurer. The Secretary (Mrs. Listen) reported that a concert in aid-, of the funds will be giveb on Friday, the 17th inst. Be not deceived by specious representations. See that you get Wolfe's Schnapps. Accept no other. The Tbain Sebvice.—As decided at the last meeting of the Town Council, the matter of altering the train service bo as to give residents of Kapunda an early delivery of the morning mail from the City was brought under the notice of Mr- P. M. GHynn, M.P., on Monday morning, and to-day he will confer with his colleague, the Hon. J. Coles, M.P. (Commissioner of Crown Lands), and "the matter will forthwith be brought under the notice of the railway authorities. St. Leon's Circus.—This circus troupe arrived in Kapunda on Friday. They have come from Went worth, and the vans and horses hear evidence of the long journey. At -the performance in the evening there was a very good attendance, the various gymnastic j and acrobatic feats, as well as the equeserianiam, being foirfy carried out. "Dick Turpin's ride to York " concluded the programme. It was capitally represented, " Black Bess," the steed .which carries the highwayman to his destination, being very well trained in the par' which she takes in the piece. The Windsob Accident Enquiet.—The Windsor, Victoria, railway accident inquest was concluded on Friday. The jury after deliberating for five hours and three- quarters returned with the following verdict" 1. That the cause'of the death of the victims was the gross neglect of Driver Keats in not bring ing the train under coyer of his home signal, and jQ-uard Lang in no£,going back to protect the train in accordance with the regulations of the department. ~ 2.""That Driver Maskell and Fireman MclSab died in the. brave discharge of their duty. 3. That great blame i8 attached to Stationmaster Gedge in permitting the pro bationer Blackburn to occupy such a respon sible position without proper supervision. 4. That the jury are greatly surprised that the Prahran station should have been in such a condition of,disorder without the knowledge of the Traffic Department, and cannotbut feel that the evidence given" in this matter abun* dantly establishes the laxity"of supervision and of systematic neglect on the part of the officers whose duty it is to see that the ruleB and regulations of the service are faithfully carried out. 5. That the public safety is seriously imperilled by placing at an important station inexperienced lack, and that, before probationers are placed at the stations they should have careful preliminary training by responsible "officers, and Bhould gradually-work their way from the lesser to more important' stations so. that they may gain , the- necessary experience should any emergency arise at any moment. 6\. That immediate steps should be taken to ensure careful supervision of the pipes in con nection with the Westinghouse brake." The coroner asked the jury if by the words "gross negligence" as applied to Keats and Lang were to bfLurideratood culpable negligence," which would carry with it the interpretation of man slaughter.. The jury, stated that their verdict in- this respect was a compromise, and was not intended to bear the severe construction sug gested. The coroner announced his satisfaction with the verdict, and said it was for the Crown to put their own interpretation on it. Jtxbieee Demonstration.—The Committee met as usual on Friday evening, the Mayor being in the chair. There were also present —Messrs. J. Pearce, J. Packer, jan., J. Jacob, A. H. Green shields, B. J. Day, J. Seandrett, A. Palmer, T. D. Nock, It. Cameron , J. White, X Shakes, C. Stone, D. Cameron, W. Gforsed, J. Molony, 0. Anderson, W. Oats, Dr. Hamil ton, and the Revs. J. Allen, J. W. Piatt, and M. Morris. It was stated in reply to a ques tion that the possibility of the day being wet was not overlooked, and-arrangements were being made to meet such an emergency. Letters as to marquees and various games were referred to the ground and sports committees.. The Secretary reported Bending out circulars to the adjoining District Councils and resident justices, &c.;, but there was no time yet for response. Mr. White, who was present, said he had posted a reply to the circular, but as it had not come to hand it must be still in the poBt. He accepted their invitation and would act on the Committee. Messrs.. GaTsed, Stone, An derson, and W. Stock were added to the Committee. The various sub-committees sub mitted progress reports, from which it was seen that all except the mnsical committee had made a start. There was no quorum at the first meeting of the musical committee. Suggestions "were thrown out, that the ladies' Committee Bhould co-operate with the refresh ment and sports committee, and these will be acted upon. It was resolved on the motion of Mr. Cameron, seconded by Mr. White, that in addition to the formal opening of the proceed ings by the Mayor, Mr. Lewis, of the Board of Advice, should briefly address the children and people on the purpose of the demonstration. It was stated by a member of the finance com mittee that it would require at least £80 or £90 to cover the cost of the demonstraiton. The question of cbargii-g for the admission of adults was again, brought up. Some thought that as the ladies were canvassing the town, those who subscribed should be furnished with so many tickets of admission according to the amount given, and those who did not possess these tickets j excepting those who were unable to do so, should be made to pay at the gates.. The matter was left to stand over until it was seen if the ^ount. of subscriptions received would allow" the Committee to throw the grounds open free to everybody.- It was decided to exclude vehicles and horsemen from the ground because of the great risk of accident, amongst such a crowd of children. All the private and public schools in the District are to be invited, and the procession committee, were authorised to invite by placard, all' the children in the District, whether they at tended school or not, so that none should be omitted. A committee was appointed to interview the tradespeople with a view of getting the day observed as a close -holiday. The musical committee undertook to secure the services of the Kapunda band, and it was suggested that as more than one ban4 would be required in the procession all the bands in tho district might be asked to lend their services. Com mittee adjourned for a week. Tbtjbo Becbeation Pabk. — The annual meeting of subscribers to the Truro Recreation Park was held in the Truro Institute on Tues day evening last. Mr. S. Player, chairman of the Management Committee, presided. The hon. secretary read the report for the last twelve months, which showed that at the beginning of the year there was a debit balance of £7 8a. 2d., which was reduced to £2 lis. 2d. sjt the end of the year. Sixty trees were planted in the Park during the year, and most them have, grown. The Com mittee feel that they have cauae for congratu lation at the very satisfactory growth of all the trees j about 2,000 have been planted during the past fire years, and a large number are nearly 20 feet high, while all are looking well, though the beautiful sugar gum is the greatest success. During the past year the cricket club were allowed to put down an asphalt pitch in the oval, and two Lawn Tennis Clubs have lately marked 'out their courts on the oval. The Committee are pleased to report that the behaviour of the young people was very good indeed, as there were no complaints to make of trees being - broken down or fences, gates, or buildings being injured. Special mention was made of the valuable services of Mr. John Fairy, the Park gardener, whose great care of the trees had resulted in their present satisfactory growth. Baring the past year the Committee had lost the services of Mr. J. H. Castle, who had occupied the position of hon. secretary Bince the Park was established, and whose services materially helped to make the Park a success. The following gentlemen were appointed on the. .committee — Messrs. S. Player, T. Barrett, James Barnes, J. Pellaw," and W. Bennett. The Yanttaeeie Ghost.—A rather new -complexion has been put by the police author ities upon the so-called ghostly manifestations ! Yanyarrje. They, the Advertiser says, apparently regard them as an attempt to turn the superstitious feelings of ordinary human I nature to a prosaic practical account, for they ■ have laid information in the Hammond-Police Court against the members of the Hamdorf family, charging "them under clause 63 of the Police Act with having attempted to impose upon Mounted-constables- Thomas and Shegog and other persons by, pretending to hold con versation with the spirit of a deceased person J by means of mysterious knockings, upon their leasehold premises in the hundred of Moockra, with a view of depreciating the value of the I land, which, being held under lease from the Crown, had become liable to forfeiture. This places a very different view upon the ghostly. I disturbances which bare rendered people in I that district rather unwilling to hare any thing to do with tbe Hamdorfs' property, from any hitherto set forth, and will perhaps hare a rather unexpected result for the mediums". I The clause of the Act under which they are I charged enacts in sub-section 4 :—"Every per son pretending to tell fortunes, or usingany subtle craft, means, or device, by palmistry or I otherwise, to deoeive and impose upon any of .her Majesty's subjects shall be liable to imprisonment in any goal in'the province, with I or without, hard labor, for any time not exceeding three calendar months. " The case J the defendants will probably come on for hearing at Hammond before the local J justices of the peace on Wednesday next. I - The Jubilee in Simtet.—In response to a numerously signed requisition the mayor of Sydney convened a gathering of citizens favorable to the proposed treat to school I children on the 21st inst. in honor of the Queen's Jubilee. In view of the proceedings I last Friday on a similar occasion when a num I ber of disloyal persons mustered in such strong force as to carry an amendment defeating the j object of the conveners of the meeting, those who had undertaken the management on Friday night determined that the platform and part 1 of the vestibule immediately in front should be occupied by those whose sympathies were I with them. They had accordingly issued a number of invitation cards, the holders of 1 which would be entitled to admission into the I building some time before the general public I were allowed to enter. This led to the con clusion on tbe part of many that the gathering was going to be a packed meeting of loyalists. To prevent this the disloyal had printed sev I eral hundred invitation cards similarly worded to | the genuine ones, and the bogus ones being j freely distributed for some time eluded the J vigilance of the doorkeepers. The consequenee was that long before the advertised time to I commence the hall was crammed to suffocation j with a concourse of whom a large percentage was avowedly hostile, to the objects of the meeting. So organised and strong an oppos 1 ition was not anticipated, although a few of the J loyal party, it seems, had been to some extent forewarned, having by .mistake reeeived the following printed circular through the post: "Dear Sir—The toadies and office-seekers will I roll up in great force on this occasion to endeavor to reverse the grand decision of last ! Friday night. Tb& honor and independence of our country demand your attendance and J that of your friends on this occasion. Let j nothing short of death prevent your getting an j early seat. Pass this circular round." The platform and hall were so densely packed that it was easily foreseen that there was not the j slightest chance of tho chair being taken by the I mayor or any of the expected speakers being allowed to make themselves heard. In fact' there was a strong Organisation to block the proceedings from tbe outset without giving the promoters of the meeting tbe remotest chance of expressing their views. Presently the platform was rushed, and the disaffected reigned triumphant. Meantime the mayor and his party had assembled in the upper- room, where speeches were delivered in the presence* of a small number of people by Sir "Win. Darley, Sir Henry Parkes, Sir Jno. Hay, Sir Alfred Stephen, Mr. Edmund Barton, Mr. Riley, the Mayor, the Hon. J. Salomons, the Vice-President of the Executive Council, and Sir Wm. Manning. 