(Statmtis. Cold. Circus. Football. Lacrosse. "Only Dust. : Waterloo Day. "Japanese Village. More man-miltinery. The old and the new. Gay and feBtive time. No Journal on Monday. Tailors' Jubilee harvest. Tree planting at Snobton. Mayor's Ball on Tuesday. Public holiday ou Monday. West Adelaide v. Nor woodi Portrait of Sir Henry Ayers, Sir Thomas Elder, G.C.M Gr. Jubilee gush at Glenelg to- day. New jubilee coinage in Sydney. Honour to whom honour is due. Knight Grand .Cross Tom Elder. Barometer at noon to-day. 30 10; Fisk Jubilee Singers on Tuesday. Will it be Sir Edwin on Tuesday ? Adelaide is filling up with visitors. Jubilee muster of Celestials to-diy. English as she is spoke by Japanese Baces on the Old Course on Monday. Ebby declares foi a prohibitory tariff, All about the Cradoak ghost on page 8, Is Ebby also among the Protestionists ? Steamer Went worth ashore off Bo wen. Send in your ails, for Tuesday's Register. Monday will be the shortest day in 1887. Monday a red- letter day in school-world. Final rehearsal of Jubilee cantata to-day. Will the Clerk of the Weather fivourlus? Sucking lawyers with a oongenUl subject. - Church parade at College Park to morrow. Grand turn-out of new toggery on Tuesday, That ingenious burglar was too inquisitive. Japanese Village this afternoon and evening. Moonta Mounted Rifles now marching to town. Mr. Dobbie replies to Mr. Cieland Ion page 6. Tom will receive our distinguished Chinees visitors. Wesleyan thanksgiving Jubilee services tomorrow. All the shops will be shut| on Monday, and Tuesday. Another rowdy meeting of ^ Sydney Assembly. Will hie Worship have his name grafted on the Stock! AU the world and his wife will be about on Monday. May the spirit of wisdom pervade,the arrangements ! Speaker of the Queensland 'Assembly is [on the way here.. Special express trains to and from Melbourne to-day. MelboumitesImoney-seeking ."as hungry dog for a food." Where are all the preparations for illuminating the city. 12,000 Sunday-school Jubilee medals^readj for distribution. Ebby will support no Ministry who trifled with Protection. The Gas Company would not object to.ia jubilee every year. Famine prevailing along] route of Stanley Belief Expedition. Quite an Evangelical Alliance ^ over] the J ubilee free dinner. ArchbishopandJBishop rubbing noses over Jubilee free dinner. A first-rate present, to "your friends abroad —Tuesday's Register. Melbourne express late this morning. Fall ot notable deadheads. Special rail and tram arrangements for Monday and Tuesday. A word of advice to the ladies—D in't forget your shopping to-day. Flowery, graceful, and polite was the Japanese oommander. The first excursion train for Adelaide from Sydney left last night. Children will not be able to sleep for excitement to-morrow night. A breach of promise case generally involves a breach of good manners. Fancy bashfn* Tammas Elder in a blue satin robe—and improver! Larrikin and disloyal Sydney M.P,'B clotured yesterday morning, . - To-day pater and materfamiliases are preparing for the Jnbilee holidays. Cottagers Allotments Bill read second time in Lords—old fossils waking up. Is there a man amongst us who just nont envies our worthy Mayor's billet ? Foundation-stone of Imperial Institute ~ to be laid with great flourish of trumpets. Whom had the Law Students' Debating Society in view on Wednesday evening ! Sun rose at 7.9 a.m.; sets at 4,53 p,m. Moon rose at S.36 a.m.; seta at 2.47 p.m. Only a limited quantity of " sheaoak" will be served out at the Jubilee Free Dinner. Too bad that our own dear old Sammy should be left out of the Jubilee honours. Only sixty Knights Grand Cross, and We are now to have one of them " in oir midst." The first contingent of Victorian visitors— 158—this morning. More to folio >v on Sunday. The youngsters wish devoutly Jubilee yea£ was an everyday occurrence. The oldsters da not. Salvation Army will have a tremendoufi "blow out" on Tuesday, followed by a monster T. The advantage of a State Churck is that the Parliament can review the utterances of clergymen. JThe opening day of the Exhibition Is approaching. The exhibitors wish it would fly on leaden wings. Growls against BOBS Hartley by "Discouraged"'or any other teachers must be based opon facts. Mayor Stock gumtree-planfclng this afternoon. Inscription to be cut with (a jackknife by-and-bye. Our colony, though onKthe eve of its fiftieth year, is not growing old, but rather renewing its youth. For thirty-seven years the Chamber] of Commerce has been the rallying/ point of mercantile interests. Here's a jolly go! Thirty or forty people have sent 'acceptations to the Mayor's ball who were not invited. Bcvs. Drs. Be van, of Melbourne, and Jefferis, of Sydney, will be in Adelaide foe two Sundays in September. The cost of sea carriage between Mount Gambier and Adelaide is greater than between Germany and Adelaide. Taunton, in Somerset, is now completely illuminated by the electric light instead of gas, this being the only town in England at present thus provided. It is not tbe noisy drumlike senator who lusts after place and pay that develops the colony, bnt the plodding, persevering, persistent, level-headed man, whoBe^deeds are his only speech. Glenelgite writes :—" Can yon inform fma if the rumour is true that a new book is shortly to be published, entitled .'How to gain notoriety, or the old name rnbbed out,' by W. F. Stook, M.P., Mayor of Glenelg ?" Quotation for to-day—Battle of Waterloo, 1815:— Xhe redcoat lads, wi' black cockauds, To meet them were na slaw, man : They rushed and pushed, and blude outgusbed, And mvny a bonk did fa', man. A farmer said to his barber, " Now oOrn's cheap, you ought to shave for half prlca." "Can't, Mr. Jones," said the man of razors,' " I really ought to charge more; for when corn's down farmers make such long faoes, I have twice the ground to go over." Quotation for to- morrow—Magna Charts signed, 1215 ;— In dayB when mankind were but callans At grammar, logic, an' sic talents. They took na pains their speech to balance, ' Or rules to gi'e. . _ - But spak* their thoughts in plain, braid L&Ha;&s;, Like you or me. Everybody is familiar with "silver wedding" as applied to the 25th anniversary, and "golden" for the 50th, and occasionally one meets with the phrase " diamond wedding," meaning the- 75th. Here is the list entire.—Hrst anniversary, iron6th wooden: 10th, tin; 12th, brass; 15th, crystal j 20th, china: 25th, silver; 30th, cotton i 85th, linen; 40th, woollenj 45th, silk; 50th, golden; and 75th, diamond. \- Quotation for) Monday—Found&tioa-VtonQ-; Military Asylum laid,180L Hy puree is light, I've far to sang, And fain woald be thy lodger ; fve aerrediny kinft aodaoiiutry laac. XnkeidtffoB*sadgNWT. S.:.- 1 I 