THE SECOND SON.* Br Mrs. Oliphakt and Me. T. B. Aldbich, I Chapter XXXIV. AFTER THE DEATH. It is needless to say that this event, so nn iooked for, coming with snch a shock upon them all (thongh the two brothers-in-law, the husbands of Geraldine and Amy, declared i that they had never looked tor any other termination from the moment of the acci dent), produced a great effect upon the family. A death in a family always does so. There was a jar and startling stop of all the machinery of life. The two gay young houses in London, the great house at Melcorabe, were shut up. Geraldine and Amy retired from all their pleasures, and with a good deal of sorrow for themselves thus withdrawn from existence, as it were, so early in the season, crossed by a real transitory pang—more, per haps, tor the horror of the catastrophe than for t tie brother lost—made a little business and distraction for themselves in the order ing of their mourning, which gave them a great deal to do ana a little much-desired novelty. They had never been in monrning in alt their little lives before—it was a new sensation—they did not know whether it would be becoming or the reverse. Roger had not been much to them atany time,and if they cried a little now and then when they remembered, and felt a sharp little sting of that almost remorseful pain with which the simple mind contemplates the sweeping away of another life while they still continue to enjoy theeun shine, it was all that could have been expected from these two untrained and unchertshed i girls, it is to he doubted even whether Roger would hava^felt ao much for them. Women are moreeenabte.of having tbefeel ings they ought'and responding to the exigencies of thebosition, than mem think abpnt, and a unpleasant, Souk And at Melcombe,thoDbpuaehold lived ior the days whicb^elftiMdhetween the death and burial in a tespended Arpito* mentj with a gretd»^,th. talk abQpt^and tawlifafcgmgpt qoldeemmtsware ♦The tightot puMWjIng wMctiu Mr pun ohusd bjf«w ttsAutinlatUU" - truly grieved for Mr. Roger; bift the feubdued bustle in the funereal bouse, the continual, succession of events, the comparison of Jautj and reports, the making otft/so far(aa>thdr could, of an extremely exciting story,--and even the new mourning into which they were all put, men and women, with a fullness of provision which they felt showed the most real respect ior the dead, occupied their minds and aroused their interest, quickened, in short, their entire mental being. They nil knew, though how nobody could have told, that Stephen was somehow connected with his brother's death ; they all speculated as to what Lily Ford had to do with it—was it jealousy? what was it? It was known by this time that Lily Ford was no longer in her father's house; indeed, Mrs. Ford proclaimed the fact to everybody, saying that her daughter was staying with some of her grand friends, and that she was glad of it, tor Lily was very tender-hearted, and would have felt Mr. Roger's death dreadful The Fords, indeed, entirely confounded the ingenuity of the servnnts'-hall. Danvers, who was aware of that distracted visit to Edmund, had put on his most sympathetic face the next time he had met the gamekeeper's wife. " I hope, ma'am, thait you've better news," he had said with mournful confidentialncBS. "Oh, thank you, sir, I've had the best of news, and just as happy as can be," she had responded cheerfully, takinghim much by Bur prise. There was a mystery, but no one had even a guess what the mystery was. The family, as was natural, assembled at Melcombe for the funeral, fillingthe house with guests and a kind of gloomy entertainment for three or four days. Poor Roger was laid with " every respect" in the family vault, a blacked-robed group of mourners with re spectfully bowed heads standing round the coffin, which was concealed irom sight, it need not be said, !by wreaths of the most beautiful (lowers, sent, following the fashion of the time, from far and ucar. Father, brothers, brothers-in-law, consins, old neigh bours ol all degrees followed the melancholy train. More respect could not have been shown to a prince; and some went away saddened by thoughts of the promising life cut short, and some with relief to think that at last all was over, which was scarcely a less human sentiment. In Melcombe, perhaps, the feeling of relief predominated. To be able to have the blinds drawn up, to look at the papers, to enter without self-reproach into ordinary subjects after such a long and distressing break in all usual habits, was a welcome change. Poor Roger I it could not do him any good, poor fellow, that everybody should be ill at ease. All the crying in the world would not bring him back again.. Everything had been done that could be done —more, far more, than people in general were able to do—and now that it was all over it was a relief to return to ordinary themes and ordinary habits once more. The Squire was a man who did not feel deeply except when he waa put out and his habits interfered with, but yet as much as was possible he had felt this. A man docs not lose his eldest son by a sudden and almost violent death without feeling it; especially when he has just made a family revolution in consequence of that son's proceedings, and altered the succession in a way that becomes ridiculous the moment the culprit disappears. He had put Roger out of his natural pl%ce, and he had put Stephen in it. And now that he had time to think the arrangement struck him both as very ridiculous, a thing that naturally every body would think they had a right to detn&ud; explanations of, but also as unjust and un-. justifiable. The wrong to Edmund had not troubled him, bo long as Edmund's refusal to carry out his wishes had Stood between them, liut now that these wishes had dropped, now that fate had ended ali Roger's chances, there waa no doubt that to cut off Edmund, tor no reason at all, was an injustice. He waa now the eldest son, there was no doubt on that point—the uatural heir, the head of the family after his father ; whereas Stephen must bear the mark of cadency, however com Eletely endowed be might be with the family onours. This troubled the Squire greatly, and prolonged the existence of the. clond which had arisen with Roger's death. That event pat everything oat. It Btullified him self, it made him do what he had never iutended to do. There was nothing, indeed, nothing in the world against Edmund. He had given his father no offence. He would, ail things considered, probably make a better Squire of Melcombe than a man who had got a great deal too mucb of the mess-room in him. The Squire was certainly uncomfortable : and yet he did not like to make again an exhibition of him self by another change. He was afraid of what Pouncetort would say. Ponncefort would say, " I told you yon would regret it he would say with his eyebrows, if not in words, that the Mitfords were not- headed fools ; he would talk, perhaps, of the risk of which he had warned the Squire of dying be fore dinner. And Mr. Mitford was afraid of Stephen, too, who would not willingly part with the inheritance which' he had accepted so readily. It requires a strong inducement to make a man expose himself to all these disagreeables; and in face of ali the para phernalia of death and burying, the Squire telt with a recoil the force of his own life and strength. Why should he hurry himself—ex pose himself to the remonstrances of Stephen and the jeers of Poancefort? But he was very uncomfortable and troubled with an angry aense that his eldest son, whom he had so remorselessly cat out, had repaid him very summarily, almost shabbily, for this ill turn, and that ltoger might have helped it if he wonld. Stephen, too, was very uncomfortable—so uncomfortable, that in one respect it did him good. It put Lily and the rage and the humiliation which her escape from his hands had caused him out of his mind. He forgot that he had been made a fool of, cheated, deceived, planli Jd—which was how he re presented it to himself. There are different standards of pride and honour. StepheQ had felt himself wronged, insulted, put to 'shame by Lily. He would have thrown ill} his Coal mission, abandoned all his occupations and pleasures, letl England, disappeared he did not care where, bad the stoty ever readied the ears of his set It wonld have covered him with ridicule and shame; it made him ridi culous to himself even, -white he brooded furiously over it during thfe first days. He had spent half the night in the streets like I Idly, but not-in the Same streets as it hap Sued, endhad pbt given-tip the search for enty-fourliours after, not Indeed until the morning on which Edmund found him, com ing back suspicioqiL'&nd; on the watch for any look or hid; that might show a consciousness ot his secret It wm this rage ot shame mid terror ridicule which had made him repulse his brothers, In' the latter -esse with anch fatal effects. But the catastrophe deta**? Stephen s he thought bf Lily nomortthe forgot that dbwdting bplsode. as he J* in uit tbomdrte: the shock and dteMfnt tevent drove her SMjiw fury with which he had tive hor'tOT^b^eetttd.bat^^^adM;^; ,jA foil would not go ont of to «ir«s6t mini When he waa br lilfostlt.lTnsw back to him—the sudden disappearance, the Bound, so heavy, so horrible, so unlike any other sound, lie could not forget it. Pre sently something of the same teeling with which he had regarded Lily when she escaped came into his thoughts of Roger, a sense of anger, as if he had been taken at a dis advantage, put into a position in which he could but show badly, although he was not really to blame. Certainly he was not to blame, lie bad done nothing that the gentlest-tempered man might not have done. He did not strike or knock down his assailant as a hot-headed iellow would do. He only pushed him back a bit—anybody might have done that He meant no harm : how could he tell that Roger was weak, or unsteady, or excited? He had done nothing wrong. But Bomehow he was put into the wrong, and people he knew would look at him askance—Edmund did, for one. They had walked together after the coflin, but Edmund had not said a word to him. had greeted him only with a hurried nod, had turned his eyes a way as if he could not bear the sight of him—which was unjust, by Jove !—abominably unjust. For he had done nothing—nothing that any man would not have done in the circumstances : lie was not to blame, lie had not meant to hurt Roger wliyshouldhe?—Rogerwasnotin hisway. lie had got the upper hand of him in everything. Still it is a disagreeable thing to have any thing to do with the killing of your brother : no one likes to be mixed up in such a catas trophe, and again Stephen would seem to see the face of Roger disappear from before him, and the mass all huddled up at the bottom of the stairs. And this funeral party was very disagree able to him. To keep Statham and Markham company, whose spirits were only temporarily subdued, and who seemed to think they Bhould be taken over the stables, a piece of duty which Edmund retiring to his own rooms as soon as the the funeral was over would take no part in: and to show the civility of a son of the house, almost of a host, to the departing guests, who he felt sure must be commenting upon all that had hap pened, and shaking their heads at it as they went away, was hard upon Stephen. A man who has been so unfortunate as to shoot his father or his brother as they push through the covert together, is nitied. though probably me coven logeiuer, is pmeu, iiiuu^i it is all due to his carelessness, but a man who pushes his brother downstairs, his brother whose rightful place he has just usurped! Stephen felt that circumstances were very hard upon him—for it was 110 fault of his—he was not to blame. Stephen would hare liked above all things to leave Melcombe with the Stathams and the Markhams next day; they were un feignedly glad to go, and so was Nina, who bad persuaded Geraldine to take her " for a change." "Everybody goes for a change when there has been a death," Niua 6aid, and the sisters acknowledged the justice of the j statement They all went away with serious looks, giving little pinches and pats to each other's crape, which being so stiff and new would not "Bit," hut by the time they got to j the station they had all cheered up wonder fully, and began to talk about what they had better do. The season was lost to them, but still the world was not without delights. " It would be just the time to go for a little run abroad," Geraldine had said, laying to heart the suggestion of Nina's about a change after a death. Lady Statham had so far recovered her spirits as to suggest this by the time they got to Molton Junction, whither they had driven to catch the express train. Stephen turned away with a sigh of angry j pain. He could not go away, nor go abroad, cor even return to his regiment His father had angrily insisted that he should j remain. " If yon're going to be the head of | this home, you'd better give uptlic regiment." he said. Jf—that if did Stephen a little good. It showed him that he might have to fight ] for his rights, which was exhilarating and j rave him something to think of. //.' It was the governor's own doing to put him in that I place, but be was not going to give it up, it would be the greatest folly to give it up. fie was not one of those who could chop and change with every wind, he said to himself, and if the governor meant anything of the kind, he should not find it so easy as he had done with Roger: when a thing was settled, \ it was settled. The chance ot a fight for his rights again did Stephen good. It kept him up after the others had gone away. To be left alone in the house with his father and Edmund was not a cheerful thought: but if there was going to be a fight He had need oi this little spark of pugnacity to keep him up, for it would be difficult to imagine anything more miserable thau the dinner table at Melcombe on the first even ing after the Stathams and Markhams had gone away. Roger's empty chair stood at the foot of the table, but no one took it, neither Edmund, who had the natural right as the eldest surviving son, nor Stephen, who had | the acquired right as the heir. They took their places on either side of their father with a sense of desolation which in their diffferent j way all shared. Presently Edmund started up, pushing against the astonished Danvers, j and himself put away the chair against the walL No one said a word; the lather and [ Stephen looked on with a sense that some thing of reproach to them was in this rapid movement, bat they were too much cowed to I irotest or remonstrate. Danvers, following Edmund, cleared away very solemnly the knives, and forks, and glasses from the table, which bad been laid as OBual for that fourth who would never take his place there again, ; Danvers felt the reproach also, though in a different way; hut he had the support ot feeling that he had done it for the brat, not knowing which Mr. Edmund would prefer to assume the place which was now his, or for convenience as there was so small a party, to keep his former position at the side. The butler put all the stiver and crystal upon the tray which John Thomas held behind liim, very slowly and with great solemnity, and just but suppressed indignation; and they all looked on in silence, not Baying a word. And so the last traces of Roger's presence were swept away. i They were all glad when the meal was over! and they were at liberty to separate. Even Nina's presence would have been a little relief. The three, each other's nearest rela tions in the world, felt among them a sourd antagonism. Stephen and his father felt Edmund's silence as a disapproval of both, and lb. Mitford was angry with his youngest •on for having gained a promotion to which ta had no right, and Stephen was Ml in arms against onypossible reversal of hu father s dechdopu .iuiwgiadthey were tome a few after Danvers—who was a sort of moSpn to them—left the room! Each mut tutiM of what the other might say. .. ^ poetppnement "*■ could pe made—was s pouible. Mr. fqgickjp, taking row to which he would have gone on an ordinary occasion, was full of the memory of Iloger, ao that Stephen lcll with a shudder that he might see bis dead brother, or imagine he saw him (for he wa3 well aware that ghosts were but optical illusions), in the present disturbed state of his nerves, if he went there. But he had forgotten when he stepped outside into the soft air of the summer night that here were other associations not much more salutary for his nerves than a fancied ap parition. How often had lie pone forth,cora placent, expanding liis broad chest, pulling down his cuffs with all the pleasure of a con-. queror, to meet the little beauty, the ad miring girl, who was ready to burn incense to him as much as he would, ready to drop into his arms as soon as he should hold up a finger (Stephen took no pains to keep his metaphors clear). But now the very thought | of Lily filled him with rage. Ife could no longer put her out of sight now that he had come back, lie seemed to see her advancing towards hiin under the trees, hurrying to meet him. By George! she wished she could now, he did not doubt. She would give her ears that she had not been such a fool when she had the chance. She ran to be chased, to be sure : the last thing in her mind was to be lost, to be allowed to get away. He caught at this idea, which occurred to him for the first time, eagerly. Women always run away that men should run after them ; but she had succeeded better than she wanted this time—By Jove ! it she had ever supposed he would not catch her up she would not have run away. When he had arrived at this conclusion he began to compliment himself 011 his skill in missing Lily. What a life she would be leading him now if he had found her, if he had seized her round some corner and brought her back, as no doubt she intended ! This was the way in which Stephen tried to subdue the furious recollections of that failure, when he brought the whole business hack to his mind by strolling out into the park ; but the attempt was not very success ful. He did not smoke his cigar out, but whirled it away into the twilight as if it were a missile thrown at Lily, and went in again, discontented, sulky, miserable, to fall into his father's hands. 