THE NOVELIST. ihb second son; Br Mr*. Olithaot and Mb. T. B. Amhioh. Chapter XLV. after the storm. Tumult and trouble seemed to nave aiea out of tbe bouse on tbe hill; the vacant room alone showed a few traceB of tbe passion and conflict that had been there. The screen haa been pushed aside, showing the little table ! and chair behind it, which Lily had nsed all the time she had been at Mount Travers, in her nervous dread of being seen by any visitors; and Mr& Travers s neat little corner, her chair with its cushions, her footstool, the pretty stand with her little requirements, stood all astray, as they bad been thrust to one side and another, in tbe sodden com motion which Stephen, before his exit, had flung into the enemy's country. There Elisabeth had knelt, distracted, imploring her aunt not to believe what was neverthe less true, and there the little lady had stood, thrusting them all away, repulsing her foot-1 u tUnt haA twnn nn stool, as though that, had ^been^an | enemy, in the heat of her indignation. The inanimate things showed these traces of human emotion in a way which w&b; curiously telling, with a euggestiveness partly comic, partly pathetic. The footstool had been turned over with the vehemence of the foot which on ordinary occasions rested on it so peacefully. The chair in which Stephen had first Beated himself kept Its place—tamed with an ingratiating expression towards that of Elizabeth, which had :bfeeh ' unshed Lack a little—with its chintz covCr all little—with its enmrs cover an dragged out of place by tbe man's impetuous movements. But all was perfectly silent, here, as oh other fields of battle; and in a few minutes the butler, coming in surprised with his tea-tray, had it all put straight again. Nothing could exceed the surprise of that respectable functionary > no bell had been rung, no One had been called to open the door; and yet the gentlemen whom he had admitted had all melted away, leaving no trace—and even the ladies had forgotten that it was time for Lily Ford came into the room while he was in the act of calling npon some of his sub ordinates to rearrange this place of conflict Lily had become MiBS Ford—she was a visitor, and had no dealings, except in that capacity, with the servants;but they all knew who she was, and had a certain re luctance in serving her. It is all very well to talk of rising in the world, and bettering yourself; but to wait upon one of his own pinna who haB succeeded in doing this is more than any freeborn servant can be ex pected to do. " Will you kindly take up tea to Mrs. Travers's room? She Is not coming down," Lily said. She bad been crying, her lips had still a faint quiver in them, end something like the echo of a sob came into bet voice as she spoke. Though it had been her mother's delight to think that she was quite a lady, Lily, in fact, bad rather the air of a very pretty, very refined lady's maid. That is not Baying much, for it is sometimes difficult enough to tell which is which, especially when the inferior in position is tbe prettier by nature, as sometimes happens. It is only, perhaps, a certain want of freedom, a greater self-restraint—such as is not un likely to add to the air ot refinement—which | marks the difference. Lily was very quiet, very reticent and subdued, and those un usual tokens of emotion Beemed to betray to the man's eyes, tokens of a "a smash-up." That bis two mistresses should have quarrelled did not, with his knowledge of them, seem very probable; but that Miss Ford—Miss, indeed—should have fonnd her level and got the "sack," according to the phraseology of the servants' hall, was the most natural, not to say pleasing, thing in the world. "Tea for one, Miss?" tbe butler Baid, with a look that gave meaning to the words. Lily replied only with a wondering glance, but she said in a low voice. " Yon may put away the screen, if you please." It was very evident then to the household, through which the news flashed in a moment, that there waa an end of Miss Ford, that she had got the sack and would trouble them with her obnoxious superiority no more. What went on, however, in Mrs. Travers's room during the remainder of the afternoon was little like this. There die old lady sat, propped up with more cushions than usual, in a state of tearful dignity and exaltation. She hod felt the blow profoundly—as much as nature would allow her to fee). But there 1 is this advantage in a very email body, pos sessed by a not very great mind, that its physical capabilities are limited, and that, the greatest anguish wears itself out pro portionately soon. Mrs. Travers had been deeply wounded, she bad been very in dignant, very angry, and then had recurred to the first pang, and felt the slight and the cruelty of her husband's injustice to the bottom of her little, bat affectionate heart r, w°en ®he had gone through that round ot feeling twice or thrice she was exhausted, and for the time could feel no more. And everything that Elizabeth—in a compunction which was very deep though quite uncalled j-ri.Blnce . 8 hwl bo Part in the offence, and in her anxiety to soothe, and her real grati tude and affection—could do had been op®®,her aunt, while Lily—till over whelmed still by the event in which she bad raten so great a share, and unable to restrain «fnfL!°Mntw—had lingered round the other sufiereir with that fellowship which tremble has & trouble and pain with pain. Mis. ravers at last, comforted -by every out-' am appliance—by cushions applied ekil Stow, 8 angles of her back baaSL.*?1^ support, and tended and S!8 o{ hot qyes and forehead. , tolnlstratipna ipith a fan, and blinds and ' curtains to* of mff wot at last into a condition= "Kb ®H the "Ym t of undeserved affliction. ' 1 ftm tt fittle better now. I believe wonld *«|lt ifinete—I am sure yon perhanU « onkind to pie, my dear. And; 3 it was all a muddle, jnst BBS? A!»d. Edmund Mitford ,«cau. auu isomuna Mitford Bpoke up very fair, Oh, I don't say its your ijolt-or his fault. But I shouldn't wonder «Id be better with Lily—for a bit t leave with Lily—for ft Wfc ! *«'» wi* WiiQ Li|ff A Y71 —v7~^w» v vii y icave me used; and «hv« ^ ! ?e Te boti1 badly and "yon can t ■7. a;*? m i-r;g i* i nay anvthinrr n^wTTsT:, vu» * ulun* mean to, Lily, till h bit with foe h ad was ■what then away ; and that eeiita ^in chair with ■ *W»wtafa^]21£ toar&r; Which isneter hud been It. She* b atom, of rest After ne Atotnltttu." subsided into that quiescent condition in which, while Ceasing to hurt, they continued to sire her a claim upon the respect and sym pathy of nil near. Sue said in a half audible voice. "Let them bring the tea here, Lily." And after her docile companion had accom plished that commission, she called her close to her chair: "Sit down by me, my poor dear, and'teli me everything," Bhe said. When Saunders the butler brought in the tea (which after all be had not ventured to bring in only for one), it ia to be hoped it was a lesson to him to see Miss Ford seated on a stool close to Mrs. Travera'a aide, while the old lady held her hand and patted it from time to time, saying, " my poor dear, my poor dear." Saundera said in the servants' nail, that they were crying together, and as thick as they could be—and that he shook in hia shoes tor fear she should Bay something about the tea for one—but she might be keeping it up for him, for another time. They Btopped talking while he was there, bo he conldn t tell what the fuss was abont: but they were as thick as thick, that he could swear. And he withdrew very quietly, tread ing as lightly as a man of fourteen stone could do, not to call Miss Ford's attention to him, and never was more thauktul than when he found himself sale outside the door. Mrs. Travers heard all Lily's story, every word, with the keenest interest. To have a romance in real life thiis unfolded to her from the heroine's own lips was more exciting than any novel would have been entrancing to her at any time, and was such a distraction from her own trouble as notbiug else would have supplied, especially as her curiosity had been excited by partial revelations before. She would not miss a detail of the terrible night in the Btreet, nor of how the poor girl felt when she found herself lying on a Bote in the railway waiting-room, with Miss Travera bending over her, and the kind woman who was the attendant there standing by bei side with a cup of tea. Miss Travers had been her salvation, Lily B&id; with tears. She had telegraphed at once to the mother, making it all appear quite natural, so thateven her own people knew nothing, except that Miss I Travers had taken her to town and was making a companion of her. They were not to say where she was at first, on account of poor Mr. Roger, for whose sake the Fords bad supposed their daughter had run away. AH this bad seemed most natural to her father and mother ; and thus Lily's terrible adventure had turned out the most fortunate incident in her life. Mrs. Travers asked and was told much more than this, especially about the state of Lily's heart, and how she believed now she bad never loved Stephen at all, but had only been flattered and excited by bis attentions ; for the sight of him, Lily declared, had not called her heart bade to bim at all, but made her feel that she never wished to see him again, and that if there was not another man in the world—— This she protested with many tears. "And all the time Lizzie thooght it was j poor Roger, and begged me to say nothing, for he was dead; and yet couldn't quite for give poor Edmund, thinking he knew; and was angry, something about money that Roger had left, thinking they wanted to make it up to you with money. It has been hard for you, my poor dear," Mrs. Travers said; "but it is a good thing for Lizzie that all this has come out And it shows what a man he was, that in his revenge he should have taken it out on me. Lily, my child, give me a cup of tea. I want it very much, and so must you, my dear; there is nothing that revives one so, when one is exhausted with crying and trouble, and when one's nerves are shattered. Lily, there is one thing this discovery has done—it has set me quite free. I always thought, whatever happened, I was bound to Lizzie, and to my own house and all that But now that I find out I have got no house, and Lizzie will be getting married—how should you like to go away travelling, to Switzerland, and all kinds of beautiful places, Lily Ford?" " Ob, Mrs. Travera !" cried Lily, drying her eyes. "Yon needn't say any more, my dear—it has brought back the light into your face in1 a moment We'll go away and travel, you and I. I have thought of it a long time, but I have never said anything about it In the first place, Lizzie never cared for going abroad: and then, though I'm very fond of Lizzie, Bhe is a kiud of tall character, you know, that does not always do to go about with a small body like ma I have always been on the look-out for a nice quiet girl that I could be fond of, that wouldn't be too serious or distracted with other things to think of. Lily, since the first day yon came here, 1 have always felt I could get ou with you." Mrs. Travera raised herself a little upon ber cushions, as she sipped her tea, and a faint animation came into her face. " I never could have done with a companion that had been got by an advertisement or recommended by a clergyman, or anything of that Bort; but getting fond of yon before one ever thonght of anything of the sort, it is just a Providence, Lily. And your father and mother—Lizzie has qaite settled about them, so they can have no objections. And we U go abroad, you and I: we ll be quite comfortable, and take Martha and perhaps a man too, it you think that would be a comfort—for 1 have a little money of my own, enough tor all we shall want. And we'll make no planB, but just go wherever it will be nicest, wherever we like best; we'll be quite free and independent, for well be company for each other, which is what I have always wanted. Don't you think it will be very nice, Lily? It's what I've always Wanted, but never have seen my way to, tillnow." • Ob. Mrs. Travers, it is like a dream—it jte like nothing but a dream! " Lily cried, j And these two innocent creatures dried 6heir tears, and began to talk of travelling [resses and the most beautiful places they had ever heard or read about All the world taraf " abroad " to them—it meant everything from Boulogne to Bombay, the first seeming about as far ofT as the last, and in the novelty and delight of this thought their troubles floated away. Elizabeth had left her aunt's room with a beating heart To reckon ap alL that had passed in this eventful afternoon was impos sible: the one thing important was the question whether she should find Edmund waiting for her downstairs. The current of these haste events had swept the two together in • way she had never intended nor thought of. 8be had put out her hand to him in her first astonishment, in the shock of Lily's revelation, and in the force and impetuosity I ot her.feelings had called him by his name., lip to that moment, Elizabeth had painfully believed that it was Roger who was the pitiful hero of Lily's adventure. The girl had not said it—had not. as Miss Travers now perceived, given any indication that it was be—pot Elizabeth bad convinced herself of it by reasonings which jt is unnecessary to follow—by one piece Df circumstantial IWUvn—wnv -r -— eVl dence after another. And iq all that Roger had done, Edmund bad involved himself. In herowu hearing be had spoken of money which Roger had destined for Lily, and which, Elizabeth took it for granted, was given aa compensation for the wrong be had intended to do. Her heart had been hot and | sore with the secret which nobody knew. She could not bear to stand by and witness the love and the grief, and the honour with which Roger's name was surrounded—Roger, who she believed had stained that name with Buch schemes and artifices, at the very end of his life! It had been intolerable to ber to hear the universal praises that followed him, to feel herself compelled to acquiesce in what was said. Honour to the dead had been proclaimed by everybody round, and Elizabeth bad Btood Bilent in painful repression, unwilling to consent, still more unwilling to condemn him who had gone before a higher tribunal. She had determined at lost that very day to tell Edmund her secret—that it was she who had recovered Lily and brought her home, and that she knew everything. And when the discovery came, and she was made aware that she had been wronging Roger all the time, Elizabeth's generous heart had turned with a bound of repentance and acknowledgment to Roger's faithful brother, whom she had been holding at arm's length, knowing well—as how could she help knowing ?—what was on his lips. Her sub dued screum of horror and compunction, her call to Edmund to forgive her, her hand put into his—had all been signs which she bad no power to restrain. She had done this involnntarily, throwing herself at Edmund's head, as the vulgar say. And afterwards it had all seemed to be taken for granted by him and everyone, she could not tell how. He bad spoken for her, and she had accepted his guidance with proud humility, standing up by him, putting ner hand on his arm. It ail seemed to have been settled for them without a word Baid between them, without anything which usually constitutes such a bond. He had not said that he loved her, or that he wanted her—there had been no asking, no consent If there had been any advance made it had come trom her, with that unconscious cry of " Edmund ;" with the giving of her hand. And when she left her aunt's room, Elizabeth, for the first time able to think of herself, went down the stairs very slowly, in great agitation, not knowing what she was to find. Would he still be there ? Would he have seized the opportunity to escape from a position which was not, after all, of his seeking ? Or, if he remained, wonld it be with an embarrassed acquiescence in what had happened—which had been none of bia doing ? She could not tell: her heart was beating very fast, though her foot was slow. She was not a humble girl, ready to acknowledge her lord, but a woman full of natural pride and independence, very sensitive—deeply wondering what, on his side, the man had thought and now had to say. She was not left long in doubt. Edmund was waiting in the hail, at the foot of the stairs. The first thought of her alarmed soul was that he was on his way out, that he had been about to leave the house, and her heart stopped beating for a moment. But Edmund was not going away; he put ont his hands to take hers, drawing one through his arm. " Come out," he Baid. "Now that you have come, I don't feel that the house can contain me. I have a thousand and a thousand more things to say." "Oh !" she cried, " what must you think of me? what can I say to you? everything seems to have been taken out of our hands." "Think of you? It will take along time to tell you all that Say tome—everything— whatever comes into yonr mind; for now you are me and 1 am you. Come out into the free air, there is too much of me to be con tained in any house. Dear Elizabeth, ever dear—there is no ghost to stand between us now ? " Did you feel it ? " she said—" that spectre ? Oh? how could I ever have entertained such an unworthy thought? " " I knew it was not Roger," he said. "Some time you shall hear what he said of you and me, his last night. But in the meantime we have everything to say between ourselves and about ourselves. I cannot let you off a word, because events seem to have settled it for us. Elizabeth, I am going to begin at the beginning." They took refuge from the wide landscape in a summer-house which, but that nature had laden it with a wild and tangled growth of honeysuckle and jessamine, would have been an entirely cockney erection, in the taste of the late Mr. Travers: and there reviewed the complete rise and progress of a love which was now by mere force of development clear to both from the beginning. The shadows lengthened, a cool breeze tempered the heat, blowing straight over the tree tops from the sea. Everything was sweet to tnem, the light and the shadows, the heat and the coolness, the sun and the breeze. The honeysuckle breathed out its Bweetness into the air—and so did the birds, singing ail manner of love Bongs and bridal ditties, Belectiag the beat out of their stores, such as they had used ou their own account in spring. These two, sitting wrapt in airs of heaven, neither heard the birds nor smelt the flowers—they had all music and fragrance and sweetness in them selves. They were 68 little concerned, as little conscious, as little prescient of the scene going on at Melcombe as if they had lived in another world. Thus tne conflict and the misery which lor an hour or so bad seemed to concentrate in this innocent house, and which had over shadowed it with gloom, and given a tragic colottr to every ray of light—passed away, being in no way native to the place. Within doors the two injured persons who had suffered most forgot everything and planned their little consolatory travels with the freshness of delighted children: while here every clond flitted away from the two most blest, united after long tantalising drifts asunder, met at last to the enjoyment of that most perfect hour of human fellowship, the lovers' first mutual underatanding. It does not always happen; but here for once life and the hour brought no injustice, The clouds passed away from the innocent household and did no harm. The other honse on the plain below was not bo easily delivered. It was not innocent, but guilty—and-on it the clouds descended, full of lightniug and thunder and storm. 