THE ADOPTEL CHILD. 'Another childl! My goodncssgracious, Mr. Audley, haven't we enough children in the house without your bringing noother?' Mrs. Audloy helld up both hands in indignant dis imay as her husband led a blueo.eyed little creature searcely seven years old up to her. * My dear-my dear," remonstrated Arthur Audley, * it's my cousin cHelen's child, and sheo's left with four little ones to provide for, a helpless widow, and l'vu promised to adopt tins one.' r 'llnot havo her in the house, Mr. Audley," said too lady, with an ominous frown; for did sho not remember how pretty Helen Armitago had been her husband's' first love' ? 'lMaria, I have promised, and my word cannot be forfeited,' said her husband, sternly. ' Nelly, go and kiss your new mamma.' LittloHelen put up her cherry lips to a cheek that was cold nod hardus a stone. Dirs. Audloy dared not resist herhusband's will, but she resolved never to welcome the litilo one to her heart and home. ePoor Helen l The change from the constant sun shine of a mother's love to this cold toleraneo was enough to blight all the tender freshness of her child nature. Sits drooped like a tiny frozen flower. ' Helen don't look well: her cheks have lost their bloom,' said Mr. Audley, one day not many weeks afterward. ' I'm afraid the children tease lier.' Mrs. Audli y compressed her lips firmly, and did not reply. 'Neplly, come here; are you quite well, darling?' ' Yes, pops.' Are the children kind to my little pet?' * Yes, papa,' faltered Nellie, looking uneasily at Master Walter Audley, who, unseen by his father, was shaking his fist ominously at her. 'I think a little wine with an egg beaten up in it would do her good, my love,' said Mr. hudley to his wife. * I do not approve of pampering children P said Mrs. Audley, coldly. ' S is well enough.' Mr. Audley sighied; he was very fond of Helen Armitage's child. And Nelly crept away, with a great effort controlling her impulse to throw herself on her adopted father's neckand sob out all her childish troubles. She was sitting in thie window-seat the nex.t day with a picture-book in her lap when her attention was roused by a tremendous crash. 'Oh, Walter, what have you done ?' ' roken a china vase, that'sall! And you'd bletter not tell mother, either.' ' But bshe will ask me, Walter.' 'I don't care if she does. Just stop widmpering, will you ? Say it w.s tite cat.' 'Thlt would ee a lie, \ialter.' 'Miss Precise,' sneeCred the boy, *I wouldn't be a charity child! Mother says you're nothing but a genteel beggar, and your mother a pauper before you!' Helen burst into a passion of angry tears. At that moment the de-r opened, and Mrs. Audley walkedin. Her keen eyes disoovered the catastrophe. 'Who has broken my vase?' she demanded, sernly. 'Helen did it,' answered the boy, defiantly. 'I did not. It was Walter,' sobbed the child. Mrs. Audley tourned wrathfully upon her. 'Helen, how dare you tell me a lie! shallpunish you severely for this.' * Mamma, I did not,' pleaded the child; but the tender word, 'mamma,' that would have unlocked the hidden tenderness of most hearts, only hardened Mrs. Audley's. From Helen Armitage's child it was unendurable! She deliberately opened the deer of a dark closet, and pushing the sobbing child in, locked it, and dropped the key into her pocket. "MIamma! oh, mammal' wailed the child, in an agony of terror, but only the dead, terrible silence met her ears. * Mamma, I am so frightened ! Why does not my own, own mamma help me P And so she sobbed on until the cries and tears died away under the influence of the awful terror that seemed to weigh down her timid child soul. All the frightlul tales of ghouls, goblins, and ghosts with which Walter and his brothers had amused themselves by torturing her came back with appalling vividness \--ll the shuddering herrors of animoginative nature encircled her, until her brain seemed on fire, and her little body was dripping with cold perspiration. Alas! poor little Helen ! 'My dear, where is Nelly to-night?' ' Nelly !' Mrs. Audley looked round the little circle vacantly. 'Oh, I remember now. Helen broke a vase this morning, and I shut her up in the libray closet to punish her.' '1 am afraid you were too larsh, Maria. Helen isa very sensitive child, and-' Mrs. Audley curved her lip scornfully as she tossed the key toward him. ' Go and release your prodigy if you wish; Helen Armitoge's child is much dearerto you than your own, I perceive.' Mr. Audley winced under this home thrust, but he took thie key without a word and went upstairs. 'Nelly, my darling, don't be afraid, it is papa. There was no answer-Mr. Audley opened the door a little wider still. ' Nelly !' Still no reply, ' Walter, bring a light here,' said the father in atone that Walter dared not disobey. The light lshone full on the child's face. She was sitting on the floor, playing with a stick, while her blue eyes were turned toward Mr. Audley, and a vacant smile played upon her dimpled lips. ' Nelly, my pet, don't you know papa?' Thiere was no answer, no look of recognition. Mr. Audley staggered back a pace or two, and covered his eyes with his hands. ' Great heaven! the child has gone mad P It was too true. The sensitive brain, overburdened, had given way, and little Helen Armitage was an idiot l Through all the consternation of the next twenty four hours there was but one thought in Mr. Audley's racked breast: ' Bow shall I tell her mother ? Merciful Heaven l how shall I tell her poor mother? A mother hears quickly of her children's calamities; and while Mr. Audley was preparing for the journey the door opened softly, and Helen .rmitage camein, dressed in widow's weeds, and took her idiot child from Mrs. Audley's knee. There was a uhite sternness in hier face, before which the other woman shrmnk as if it had been a two-edged sword. ' As you have dealt with my child, may God deal with you, laria Audley,' she said, in a tone whose anguish and acousing indignation could scarcely be co?neolled. And then she teft the house for ever. Tearshavepasse by. Heen Armitage' children have grown up around her, beauEtiful and gifted, but she has never forgotten the little idiot *elly wha lies buried under the violets. And Mrs. Audley, sittinga childless widow by ler lonely hearthntone, still remembeas how the bereaved mother looked and spoke when she took her blighted blossom from the hand that had smitten it. Even as she had dealt with the orphan chld, Heaven had dealt with Maria Audley. A rLAIS man often tles wiith envy on one who has risen ts place and power: but, if he could s? all tile sltep- that hlave been taken to bring hIim there, or all the perplexities tlhat su.round him niow that lhe is thlere, he would not btrtei his present paee of mind fer the cove:ed grertr.nos. e'orttvlo but freank intesoursre with independent minds, nothing but discussion on equal terrsa, wil keep a tGinker intdielectually humhb!e and c.e::i"to of fsall'ithttv. connre's Corn(s'rP .-It is recorded in Chamber's " Book of Days" that while in New Brunesvik Cobbett met the girl who became his wife. Her first saw her in company for about an hour one evening. Shortly afterwards in the dead of winter, when the snow lay several feet thick on the ground, he chanced, in hIis walk at break of day, to pass the house of herparents. It was hardly light, but there was she out in the co!d scrubbing a washing-tub. That action made her mistress of Cobbett's heart for ever. No sooner was he out of hearing than be exclaimed, "That's the girl for mel!" She was the daughter of a sergeant of artillery, and then only 13. To his intebse chagrin tle artillery was ordered to England, and she had to go with her father. Cobbeltt, by this time, hIad managed to save 150 guines as as n foot soldier -the produce of extra work. Consideing that Woolwich, to which his swertheart was bound, was a gay place, and ttit she there might find many suitors, whe, moved by her beauty, might tempt hler by their wemlth, and, unwilling that she should hurt herself witllh hard work, he sent her all his precious guines, and prayed tlit shite would use them freely, for ie could get plenty more-to buy good clothes, and live in pleasant lodgings, and be as happy as shi could until he was able to join her. Four long years elapsed b?fore they inet. Cobbett, when he rechled England, found her a mald-of-all- work at £5 a year. O(n ttheir meting, without saying a woed about it, rIse peleced in Isis hands Iis parcel of 150t gineas unbroken. IIe obtained his discharge from the army, and merried the brave and thrifty womern. ie madl Iim an admirable wife-never was he tired of speak. ing her preios, and wtmtever comfort and success he afterwards enjoyed,it was his delight to ascribe to her tare and to iher inspiration. - 