Jarip .'This js true liberty,when frecbom men, t IlilviiTtf tdnd\nb0i1i0:'|)uiiHc, niayspealc freo.'. V- r.***y*". ' - ? *." illl/TOH' SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1887. v r> -1 t/vr ? .{ " " "W ORDS, W.ORDS,' WORDS." There^'s* at present going on in the metropolis -a ? rather animated and somewhat' acrimonious .discussion be tween a representative of the "Prim rose League,"^, a,. .Mr. GAMGEE, and certain writers' of professed Re publican 'tendencies,'' the ,'battle on behalf" of ' the latter having been j taken up by the Secretary of the Australian Republican, Union-Mr. W. M. FOOTE, a gentleman, by the ! way,'"who arrived in theTcolony only a j few years ago, and has, since*his arrival, been more or less mixed up almost every small movement' of a radical, or a revolutionary character that managed to excite passing public attention. Mr. GAMGEE has fought with chivalrous persistency, as becomes a representative! of the Old. Order ; while, on the other hand, the champions of the Republican cause liave smitten hitn hip and thigh. We.think both the " Primrose League " and the " Aus tralian Republic Union" might be let severely alone, for all the power they possess to affect the existing state of things in these colonies. The few high toned and aesthetic creatures who 'constitute the former are not regarded seriously for. a moment, and at Home the parent league is for a certainty Held.in ridicule by the majority of the ' people. As to the Republican Union, it s .was ? originated by a few^res'less spirits ..'qf '.small account in this com munity who must always bo " agitat ing" about something, such being, indeed; the very life blood of their social existence; and it has gathered into'its Tanks one or two hundred con genial. spirits. . The meaning of its existence,' however, is'about as clear as was'theusefulness of the purpose served by the deliberations of the celebrated Pickwick Olub of Tittle batiati ,philosophers. The only course open to the Union in order to prevent untimely death from shere inanition, is for it' to: set about fighting the ghosts of departed wrongs; and grievances, or to inaugurate imaginary ones of the present,, and evoke a satisfactory condition of excitement in that way. So much for the body which has assumed the high-sounding title of the Australian Republican Union. ' It is curious to note, however, that side; by side with the latest of those - letters, published in a recent issue of the! Daily Telegraph appears an article on " Australian Loyalty," by a regular contributor to St, James Gazette (London), who is believed to he an Australian. This article is based upon the late Jubilpe celebrations, and points' out that,, while " the rejoicings upon the occasion of, King GEORGE S | Jubilee-' were -comparatively "insular j (there was' good reason for that, by the way), the festivities of 1887 extended from' one end of the Globe to the other."' And lie goes on to remark that "years and years ago when the cut the-painter policy was ruling Liberal statesmen, and a period of 20 years was looked upon as the longest that we were likely to retain our chief colonial possessions, sucli loyalty would, have been" doubted'! by ' many- Englishmen. But the colonies have placed it beyond question npw.i ? At the same time it is ( true, and must be obvious to anyone who has seen a little colonial life, that colonial loyalty differs in some res pects from English loyalty. The fact is that it is not so much a personal loyalty as ideal loyalty; that is, loyalty to an idea or a theory.": Precisely so. iHere is the entire ; explanation vouch safed in a nutshell; though the article approaches a.column in length of small type. The distinction between the then and the now must be obvious. The colonies- have grown peacefully under a . liberal . constitution into a condition of national importance. The sentiment of loyalty has a natural hold upon an English speaking people. It is chief among the traditions of our race, and. so long as a people, thus situated are in the enjoyment of a per fect self:government-even though there be the semblance of Royalty at the top. of the state tree-the masses are not likely to dream .of., seces sion, or of plucking that loyal sentiment.from their hearts. Reason has to be convinced before sentiment is destroyed. Whatover may be in 'store for- Australia in the distant future, when she has grown to truly great' national proportions-whether tUe s«heum of Imperia.1 federation wiU find fulfilment (a doubtful matter per haps). or whether she will find it necessary, for diplomatic reasons and for the safety of her own peaceful pro; gross, to sever that silken cord' of sentiment, and reign alone, a supreme mistress in these Southern seas, are questions which we may all have opinions about, . but no mortal - can foresee and settle with certainty. But of this we may bo tolerably;surq-that, notwithstanding all the' Primrose Leaguers and Republican Unionists, tljnre will be no severance from the mother country for a long time-by reason of that very loyalty and goorl feeling, which animates us^without good and sufficient cause. It is be cause we have no causo of discontent, that we are loyal. So it is ridiculous to prate of it thus continually. Nobody doubts it Deprive us of one particle of our justly earned liberty to govern, ourselves as we deem best, however, and it would vanish like a dream before the stern reality of actual facts ; self-preservation being the first law of Nature. : 