TWO MARRIAGES. ' ! chal'thu xv. (coktinukd.) The oxsitomout of tho trial, tho ropoti- tion of it all ovor aain in London, to Boino extent turned tho current of Georgia's thoughts and ' blunted hor first good intentions. Rho resolved (oh, fntal intention !) to put off her confession — sho cnllod it tlint to liursolf — until thoy hnd como Home for Ohristmn8, nnd were nil by themselves -nt tlio Manor with tho two children. Then sho would toll nil ; not now among this turmoil and hustle, Mid" when sho seurcoly had a moment h-itli Gilbert nlono. Christmas wns nonr nt hand — n good sonsonnhlo Christmas — hut it is not to ho spent, nlono, ns Goorgio liad hopod. No, Lizzie Enuo (who hnd grnoofully noooptod tho situation of Goorgio's cousin h)' marringo, nnd who hatod h'or ns bitterly ns only a woman can halo n successful nnd hnppy rival) lmd written a gushing lottor, offering liersolf for a fortnight, if thoy would lmvo the elinrity to tako her in. What could ho said ? Gcorgio would -.have given n grout deal to8ny"no," lmt it wns impossible ; nnd, niovoover, Gilbert did not disliku Liz.zio half us cordially lis his wifo could havo wishod. No, not at nil ; ho wns quito lolorant of hor now. lio hnd won Inn . "hfil.flrt muitv unnn n finio thought Lizzio lind forgiven nnd for gotten, hocnuso slio" wns elaborately good-nntured, nnd talked to him of old timos with hor heart in hor oyos. . add mndo horHolf tlioroughly at homo : at tho Manor, saying occasionally, — . 'I' liopo, Gilhort, dour, you don't 1 think mo too froo and easy, hut I koop forgetting; nnd onco upon a time — sighing — tliis wns my dear old homo,' nnd then alio would protond.. to wink . nwny n tear. Gilhort nssurod hor ongorly that: slio. was as welcome ns if it wns hor own liomo still,' hut Goorgio did not ondorso tlioso hospitable Bontimonts. Slio know that tlio sorpont was not crushed, nnd that if it wns in Miss .Fane's power to do her harm in any wnv Miss Fnno would not lose tlio op portunity. Although bIio kissed hor, stroked hor hnir, prnisod lior fnco and. Hior clotlins, and hor housokeoping, tlioro was n ring of fnlsonoss about ii nil thht Gcorgio, with Jior quick woman's wit, could potcct, but that 'was completely lost on 'Gilbert, though sometimes ho would say, — . '.I can't think why youdisliko Lizzio iso ! . She Booms awfully fond of you, .nnd eho adores tho boys.' . ' Yos, sho roally adores tho hoys and doos lior host to spoil thorn, but that you know, Gilhort, is bocnuso tlioy siro your children. Sho hntos nio ! ' ' Nonsense, nonsonso ! AVhy should alio bate yon?' 1 For n vory good ronaon — quito suf- . Jficiont for any woman— boctiUBO I nm your wifo Gilhort colored, and oxolnimod, "Now, ronlly. Goorgio, you aro going too far — upon my woid you nro ; ' hut ho had an unensy conviction that tlioro jk Gwao fiomothing in what slio said all , -tho, timo. Ho was hnlf-flattorod, half-sorry for Lizzio. Rho had no frionds (for which alio had to thank hor tonguo); slio wns growing skinny nnd pirns, and sho had no settled home. If she lilted to couio down to thom for a wliilo let lior ; as far ns ho was concorncd sho was wolcomo. It never, novor for n moment, on! . tored his bond that his honutiful Goorgio could lio jjonlous of his cousin ; but sho was. Slio lulled to. soo thom ' playing chess, which Lizzie manoeuvred for ovory ovening; nnd whon Gooi-g-io had to sit by working or reading as muto ns a mouse, or whon sho avsut up tn look nt tho .hoys naloop sho hatod to know that Lizzie was discussing hor or hinting at things about hor in lior Absence. Slio had a very had cold, and could not join thom riding, and thus long tete-a-teto rides onsucd — longer in Goorgio's mind than in reality — and poor Gcorgio would sit with hor knit ting in hor la), her faeo pross:« 1 to tlio window, watching feverishly for thoir return. Slio snw thom dismount; sho saw Lizzio languidly drop herself into , Gilbert's arms, and remain thoro much longer than tho occasion warranted (iu Goorgfo'o opinion). Sho -noticed that in playful little arguments Lizzio did battle always on Gilbert's side, and infused ns much ns ,. possiblo a renl element of unpleasant ness into what wns always a joke » before. ' Slio with her own eyes saw Lizzio pick up A lick and kiss him passion ately, and say to Gilhort, — 'I adore this child! Ho is my favourite,' — kissing him ngnin — 'ho-. : oaiiso ho is a Vornon,' — kisses—' be cause ho is like you ! ' — kisses. ' Jack ' — contemptuously — ' is liko his mother:' 'And Jock is my hoy for that ron- A -I, — — — MM— sou,' siiid his father, instantly picking him up. Georgia wns standing in tho door way of the' library, and hoard and saw all. Those two had just como iu from their1 afternoon rido, nnd had boon wavlaid in the lmll by tho children. Tlio frost and snow sot in now in good earnest, and Goorgio's cold 'showed no prospoe.t of monding. Rho was still a prisoner to tlio lioiiso, busy with ninny and various preparations for Christmas, and littlo ' surprises ' for Gilbert and tlio boys. Gilhort nnd Lizzio had gono out skating early in tho afternoon, and Goorgio, who hnd boon hard-working as long ns tho light lasted, was now pitting at tho tiro in tlio full light of tlio hlnzing logs, gazing into tho om-' hors, hor chin resting on hor hand, and making, notwithstanding her cold, a vory protty picturo. Slio was thinking that it was timo to ring tlio boll for tea, nnd to tako nlast look-out across tlio ploasuro-grouuds to soo if thoy woro ovor. coming; homo. Tlioy would tako tlio short- cut ncross tlio pioasuro-grbund,, of courso;. anil slio got up slowly and walked ovor. to ono 01 Xiiio winnows, wuiuii wus r renen, and opened fiill length into a vornndah! that ran round this side of the house; Sho stood looking intently out across tho snow nnd along a familiar brond walk for somo soconds. No, not a sign of tho two black figures, who ought to bo in sight. Sho had a. littlo poncil in hor hand, which just tlion slippod through hor fingers and fellpn tho soft carpot at hor feot. For somo seconds sho searched in vain, her hands travelling to and fro over tho carpot. ' It is hardly worth tho troublo,' she niontnlly oxclnimod, gotting up from hor stooping position onco more, and being suddenly nwnro that there was a shadow or somotliing just outsido tho window. Slio glanced out, and. what did she behold on tho other side ? Tho face — tho fnco of Potor Blniuo 1 — Immovable, looking at hor through tho window- pano ! For a fow soconds slio stood rivotod to tho onrtli, liroatliloss and bloodless, hold in tho fascination of that stony gazo. It wns his'ghost ! — nnd tlion sho foil forward liolploss and insonsiblo upon tho floor. Mr. Vernon and Lizzio, coming in cold and hungry from thoir walk in tlio snow, outoroil tho littlo drawing-room. , . , -iThorb wns a chair before tho firo, our, it was ompr.y : AVhoro was sho ? Hor boll hnd boon rung ; tea and lights woro ordored, and inquirios instituted for the mis tress of tlio houso. Sho wns 'not to ho found in tlie nursory nor hor own room, nor tlie boudoir. Stay, what, was tlint at tho end of tho room, lying in a lump, as it woro, bonoatli tlio window ? It wns Goorgio, in a dead faint. Such a thing was unknown to happen to hor in all lier lifo before, and her husband wns vory sorieuslyfrightonod, and sliowod it plainly — far too plainly to plonso that tliin-lippod spectator, Miss Fano. Ho ninde just ns much fuss about hor, and was just as idiotically fond of hor ns ovor. Sho could not coucenl this hatoful fact from horsolf. Georgio was laid on tho sofa. No ono was allowod to touch lior hut Gil hort himsolf. Ho chafed hor hands, ho hatliod lior temples, ho brought hor round ; whilst hor maid hold tlio rostqrativos, nnd Lizzio looked on. Sho sat up at last, and pusbod hor damp hair back, and looked round hor in a lialf-dnzod way ; then sho buriod l)fti fnnn nnrlrlnnlv in i;1in mmliirmn nnd a visible shudder shook hor from head to foot. ' What has happonod to you? Toll mo, Goorgio, what is tho monning of this ? Como, now, sit up liko a good girl and tako some of this. 'What? If it's brandy I won't touch it ! ' opening hor oyos onco more., ; ' Tlion havo somo sherry. Try this. Now you must.' On this sho consented to put hor lips to tho glass, lior gazo straying in a startled way all round tho room. ' Sho's going out of lior mind.' said Miss Fano to horsolf, with a thrill of socrot satisfaction. 'Sho looks per fectly orazy,' lior oyos nonrly starting out of hor bond. 'Now, Goorgio,' said hor husband, ' givo an account of yourself. What luivo you boon abont ? '. ' I can't toll you now— not now,' sho answorod, faintly. ' Oh, nonsonso ! ' ' I know you will only laugh at ino ! ' looking at Lizzio. ' No, no ; I'll go bail sho won't, nor I either.' Hor maid had previously loft tlio room. ' Thou listen, both of you, Gilhort nml. Lizzio, and don't oxolaim and say it was imagination. i was nlono noro, standing at that far window,' sitting up oroet and pointing with n trembling fin ger. 'I wns looking for you, and then 1 droppod a poncil, and searched for it for a minuto ; and whon I found it and stood up again thoro wns a man look ing in at tlio other sido of tho window, staring hnvil ill my fnco, as close as you nro to mo! Gilhort ! ' sho pausod, breathless, nnd shuddoring. Woll, woll, that's nothing to frightou such a plucky girl ns you aro, Goorgio. You aro not so oasily upsot as all that. It was somo boggnr or train). I'll havo tho shrubberies searched if that will content you,' said lior husband, soothingly. 'No, novcr mind tlio shrubborios, Gilbert,' biio said. ' Thoy would not find him. Tlio man I saw looking in through the window in tho dusk, with his palo white faco pressed ngainst the glass was n — u gentleman I know long ago, who — who has boon doad for yonrs.' CHAPTEU XVII. Mv. Fotor Blnino had not boon blown up in a builor explosion on an American rivor-steomer, hut ho hnd excellent reasons of his own at tlio TIT — — — — timo for wishing to loso his identity and clinngo his uamo. Ho had neliiovcd a nnmo in tho States as Blnino tlio card-sliarpor, ns Blnino tho swindler, as Blnino who wns too cuto in somo ways for evon liis slinrp Yankee cousins, and it wns absolutely necossnvy to mako a chango in his individuality if ho woulil live any louger on othor pooplo and his wits. Ho had boon mixed up in ono or two unplonnnnt scrnpos. Money wns tight; thoro was no mora to ho squoczod from his mother and Goorgio, so ho hnd made up his mind' to begin n wholly now caroor, and to bury tho. past and Potor Blnino. A man of his resources had no difficulty whatevor in the matter. An acconiplico, for a fow dollars, wroto to his father's lawyers, and forwardod tlio portmanteau, and a paragraph in ono or two American newspaper notified to his various victims that Petor Blaino, who had so long proyod on thom with his bland, blase mannors and rolo of wolf in sho'opis clothing, would troublo thom no moro, for lio was dead. : instona or ooing aoiuncc no was flourishing like' a greoh bay-tree in Ohiongoi under tho nnmo of Percy Blunt1, and reaping ' a golden- harvest from thoso ' who were wook enough to ho impressed by his polishad, insinuat ing mannors nnd gontlemanly oxtorior. Ho had dyod his hair and moustache, and considerably altered his appear ance. Having made/a very good -thing in Chicago, and f oaring to overdo it, ho movod to. Snn Francisco; hut horo his ologniit oxtorior was of no avail. Horo ho. mot with not a fow of his own class. - Ho got into quarrels. Ho got into troublo through nnd unluckly ' king ' dropping out of his sloove at a most impropitious moment. Ho hnd a narrow oscapo of boing lynchod, for his furious companions had no deli cate scruples in such cases, anrl he oscnpod from California just witli his lifo, and ho moro. Ho was found, out niid was penniloss. His luck had taken a had turn now, and tho journoy wns down, down, down ; ho could not pull up ; vainly ho . clutched at such straws ns former acquaintances, and boggod for a small loan. /As a rulo tlioso former ncquaint- nnoos wore, straws, inilood, and loft him to sink liko a stono. He mndo his way to Now York, and iounci nimsoii, ovon witn ins wonder ful amount of resources, destitute, glad to tako any job for tho sako of a row cents, Tho elognnt, whito-lmnded Potor was aotunUy engaged as a waiter in a low eating houso — anything, as ho said, to koop soul nnd body togotkor — whon luck shone upon him onco moro. By a moro chance ho piolcod up a papor — an English paper — that a customer had loft behind him ; nnd ns Potor stood reading it, with a dirty napkin under his arm, his eyes fell upon this, in large letters at tho head of ono of tho columns : ' Conclusion of' tho Groat Harvey Will Case.' Ho rend a fow" linos in a languid manner, nnd thou quito suddenly throw away his napkiu, sat down, with his olbowB on tho table, tho paper before him, his hands plunged in his hair, and groodily devoured, tho whole column. Ho road it all ovor twice, and thon ho mado his mind up with his usual smartness. Ho would at onco como to lifo as' Potor Blnino, tho husband of the hoiross, True, that as far as he could make out. his widow — ho cHnnod at tlio thought of it — hod talcon to hor- self n second muto. But what of that; ho Potor Blnino, was her legal hus band, tho legal sharer in this thump ing fortune — eighty thousand pounds. Ho repeated tho amount to himself with unction. Ho would go home nt onco, trump up somo plausible story — Goorgio Groy was always, a silly littlo fool, who would boliovo anything he told hor, including black was whito. He would havo no trouble with her. As to tho second man — ho looked at tho paper for tlio name. This Vernon, ho must ho mado to under stand that ho was ono too many, nnd had hotter shear off immediately. Potor was thon abruptly and im periously recalled to liis hatoful antics. Ho kastly Btuffod tho papor into his poclcot, and hurried nwny to sorvo a now batch of arrivals, for ho had wit onqugh to know that although ho had a prospoet of thousands in tho bush, tho fow dollars in hand woro nt pre- sont n vital, nocossity. Ho novor waited so badly in his lifo, nor mado so many mistakes, bringing fish for moat and fruit for vogotnblos ; ho broko tumblers, ho flrnmin/I nlnfnn— .tlin nnnl rin-ff-Lnnrlnrl English waiter was not himself this afternoon. His employer sworo hard, and looked, at him hard — but no, ho was not drunk. That ovoning, his labours o'or, Potor repaired to a low gamhling- liouso. AVould that ho could discount somo of liis coming fortune ; hut, alas! ho had only ono dollar in his poclcot. Fortuno, who had turnod lior hack on him for so long, was going to smilo on him onco moro in oarncst. Soon liis dollars hnd increased to tivo, that five to twenty. It seomeel that do ns ho would ho could not lose, playod ho novor so rashly. IIo doubted, lio trebled, niul at Inst ho voso from tho tablo winner of suffi cient monoy to pay his pnssngo soooiul-olnss to England, to purchase a good suit of clothos, and to koop him going iu food and lodgius till, ns ho put it to himsolf, ' lio hnd timo to look about liini and soo how tho land lay, and whoro Mrs. Blaino had takon up hor residence,' (To be continued. J 