"CR0SUS' WIDOW," BY MISS DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "Annabel's Rivial," "Lady Sefton's Pride," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXV. A DaRK STRrGGLE The doctor stayed at the Glen until Nellie recovered consciousness. " Well," he said, when he saw she recog nised him, "so you've been obliged to send forme after all, you see. You'll have some idea now of a Highland breeze, eh ?" "It was an awful storm," said Nellie, in a low faltering voice, and she looked curiously round. " The glass struck my head, didn't it ?" she said. "Very well it didn't knock out your bright eyes," answered the doctor. " We can patch the white skin, but the eyes would have been a little beyond a country practitioner, eh 1" and the doctor chuckled. " And Donald !" said Nellie. "Did Donald get safely home 1 We expected him last night from Edinburgh, you know, doctor." " He's home," said the doctor briefly, and Nellie knew nothing more for many days. She had to be kept quiet the doctor said, and so she was never told how Donald lay dying, it was supposed, under the same roof. Strathearn was in a terrible state about Donald, but the man himself was calm, composed, and apparently happy. "Don't fret so sore, Strathearn," he said one day to his master, "I was getting an old man-and we all must go when the Lord calls-but by your leave I would like a talk wi' the minister." Donald had a favourite "minister." A man rugged, stern, half-starved, but "powerful," so said the keeper. Once every month he used to come over the hills, and hold a service in a lonely little hut by the loch, and during these services Donald had found rest and refreshment for his soul So now, as he lay face to face with death, he longed once more to hear the "minister's" fiery, impassioned words, Strathearn hated black-coats. "Cant ing hypocrites," "psalm-singing rascals," were some of the mildest terms he usually applied to them. But Donald's wishes were now law. Never before in Strat hearn's time had the Rev. MacBrayne, or indeed any other reverend, crossed the doorstep at the Glen. Bat now, to please Donald, the Rev. 3?acBrayne was invited to do so. He came "rejoicing," he said to the grim Strathearn, who went to receive him but was quite determined to listen to none of his " preachifying." But to Donald, 3MacBrayne came as a messenger of Light. No sleek parson was this; no comfortable, easy-going man, but a stern mortal facing im mortality, and resolutely fighting the dark foes that he believed would laugh their wicked laughter in hell if his foot stumbled. With this rugged enthusiast Donald was closeted more than an hour, and then before he left the house the minister sought an interview with Strathearn, determined to administer "a word in season" to the godless master. But Strathearn was wary as a hawk. " Our dear friend upstairs is bound for a better world, Strathearn," began the Rev. 31acBrayne in his deep sepulchral voice. " He's been a good servant in this, at all events," answered Strathearn sturdily. " Ah, but, Strathearn, the service of this world is but as a sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal when we stand on the threshold of the eternaL" "Have you had the wind in the east down at Ardlinuke these last two days 1" inquired Strathearn, with interest, going to the window. "I take little heed of the winds, Strathearn," said the minister, " they blow hither and thither, but it is no veer- 1 ing point on which I fix my gaze. But, I even speaking of the winds-see how the summons can come even in them to the I stout and healthy-our dear friend up stairs went out but a week ago, well and strong, yet the blast of heaven struck him 1 low I It might have happened to you or I, Strathearn." "I've got a cold and am rather deaf," said Strathearn, rubbing his left ear, and coolly interrupting the minister. -"Iwill then lift my voice to a higher key," continued MfacBrayne, now abso lutely shouting, "As I was saying in a moment- " " Ah, Mr MacBrayne, 'none so deaf as those who won't hear,'" again inter rupted Strathearn, with his grim smile. t " Don't waste your breath man- if you f like to come and see Donald, and he c likes to have you, you're welcome-but f every man to his taste, and preachifying is not to mine. But don't you think, for all that, that I'm a heathen, and don't 3 believe in my Maker-but to my mind a I man gets no nearer to Him by palavering I about it to another man, though that other r man may be a deal better than himself ! No-it is all between oneself and God, and God gives us conscience to show us how far we go astray." "But asea help Strathearn 1" urged the minister. "I want no fellow sinner's help," said Strathearn roughly; and so I 3MacBrayne was forced to go away, and did so, believing that Strathearn had al dwecd the Evil One, in the shape of arro gance, to take possession of his heart. Bout in spite of this Strathearn was as I good as his word, and allowed the Rev MacBrayne to come as often as he liked to see Donald, and Strathearn wsuld even t look after the good man's creature com forts, and once slipped a five-pound note ' into the lean hand of the ill-paid hard working minister. "It will help you a bit with your poor," said Strathearn. "Ah, Strathearn if I thought I did any good-" hesitated the minister, alluding F of course to Strathearn's spiritual condi tion. "You do good if it pleases my faithful fi servantto see you," answered Strathsearn tl with a certain dignity of manner ; and after this affair of the five-pounl note the 0 Rev MacBrayne benan to lhope that C' Strathearn's heart was not quite given; over to diabolical influences. But as the days went on Strathearn himself began to doubt whether indeed it. the evil one had not taken poosession of ,: his heart. For a tierce struggle-fierce as c( the man's strcnogrough nature-was con- t stantly disturbing him. This struzle a: was between his sense of honour to his -1 friend, and a strange powerful infatu ation which had swept over him as a temn- w pest. t!: In vain Ihe tried to keep out of the fix Glen in vain did roug-h work on the hills sa only to bring the spoils of the chase and G lay them (not literally) at Nellie's feet. a He never saw her for weeks after her ac- ot cident, but hie was always pursued by a fair faced shadow which followed him -.hithersoever he went. Fruit and flowers tr came to Neilie in hIer sick re.om, and all an sorts cOf luxuries, but he never asked to see i her. C,'' -- dzowever, when he une- re Produce otoresa" sittingroom at fir LITTLE coLLas STREET wE?: ' ase t changed and worn, and with a red mark on the white brow, which the fair curly hair did not hide. " Strathearn ." said Nellie, holding out her band with a smile, and Strathearn went up to her, surprised even himself (though he knew his folly) at his own over whelming emotion. He tried to hide this by a little extra roughness. "So you're down, are you "' he said. " Humph ! can't say you look very well." " No, indeed," said Nellie; " it's a frightful mark, isn't it ? Fut," s2he added, blushing softly all over her white face, " I hope it will go away a lit:ie before Murray comes." These words ahbsolutely sent a pang of bodily pain through S:rathearna's whole being. "'I've had several letters front him, of course," continued Nellie. " lie said once he had heard from you - thank you for not telling hint how ill I have really been, for it would have only mtade himin iserat!lc, poor fellow-lt was verykind and thought ful of you not to do so," Strathearn suppressed a rc:an. He knew well enough it was not to spare Sea forth's feeling that lie hat not toll the whole details of Nellie's accident. It was from a mad jealous feeling that Seafortlh might conime t her if he knew how much she had needed his presence. ,t S Strath earn had made light of her illness and of the whole aftir. It was a kind of pleasure to him (a miserable pleasure at best) to think that he (Strathearn) had done every thing for her, that his hand had showered luxuries upon her; though he knew all the while she was not thinking of hnm,but of the careless lhandslme young tan whol had won eer heart, and then took so little trouble to keep it. " You have been very gond to Ime Strath ear," presently said Nellie in her old pretty way. " I really do not know lhown to thank you for all your kindness .Murray must thank you when lie comnes." " He may keep his thanks to himself," gruffly said Strathearn, and Nellie looked up in his face absolutely surprised at his rudeness. "You have not quarrelled 1" she said anxiously. "No, no-quarrelled-why should I quarrel with him 1 I have never seen him -hare been here all the time, backwards and forwards-for I am so anxious about Donald." "And is Donald better 1" asked Nellie. "Can't tell-the doctor says he has a wonderful coistitution--but I don't know." " And is he so ill as that 1" said Nellie ; then Strathearn remembered she did not know ; that the doctor had impressed upon them that she was not to know. "He'll pull through all right, I dare say," said Strathearn, taking up his cap. " Well, I am glad to see you better-good day." And so Strathearn went away, and Nellie kept wondering what had offended him and put him in such a very bad humour. But though he went away from the house and back to the Lodge on the hills, before nightfall he was again wandering in the lonely Glen. He saw the moon rise and silver the white mist, and the moun tain tops, and the gable roof of the house, and shine on the window panes. Restless, passionate, in a rage with himself and all the world, Strathearn wandered' like a ghost round and round his home, and then he made a sudden resolve. He would go away-he would make a fool of himself no longer-he would bid the little woman good-bye in the morning, and he would see her face no more. When the morning came hestill held to his purpose. Pale, haggard and excited, about twelve o'clock, he walked into the sitting-room where Nellie was, and held out his hand without any preamble. " Good-bye," he said, "I have come to say good-bye-I'm off to Paris." "I'm sorry you are going," said Nellie, " I hoped you would stay till Murray came -he will be disappointed not to see you." Strathearn made no answer. He bit his lips; he stood there looking straight in her face. "I am so much obliged to you for all your kindness," said Nellie. Then Strathearn spoke in a trembling and broken voice, for he was wrestling with himself with all his might. "Be kind to Donald," he said. "I would not hare left him, but-but it is better I should go." Somethingin his manner agitated Nellie in spite of herself. She saw, indeed, that some violent emotion was almost over powering him. "I will gladly be kind to Donald," she said, trying to speak in her ordinary manner. "I like Donald, he is quite a friend of mine." "Thank you ; God bless you," said Strathearn, and then he wrung her hand and without another word hurried from the room. But before he left the house he went to bid his old servant good-bye, and the first tears that had wet Donald's eyes since his accident dimmed them when he heard his I master was about to leave him. "And must ye go, Strathearn ?" he asked wistfully. " It will not be lang now-and I would ha' liked ye to follow me to the grave !" "Tut's man-well, Lll promise-if I'm alive to do it I'll follow you," answered Strathearn with a sort of nervous laugh, and speaking in the rough way that he often did when lie was greatly agitated. Donald held out his hand, which was now, alas, neither brown nor hIard. "Fare-thee-well, then, master," he said. "Maybe Ill see thy face no more I until I see it among the thousand and thousands of the Redeemed standing be fore the Lord-let me see thee there, Strathearn-and the Lord keep thy foot from stumbling, and thy lips hat they speak no guile !" The man's earnestness and solemnity yet more affected Str:ithearn. He averted his head, his hand trembled in that of his old servant, and no scoffing word - rose on his lips, though had the Rev. MacBrayno thus addressed him, there doubtless would have done so. "If you get worse," hle said in a mo ment or two, speaking in a husky voice, "ask-her to write to me-I will give you an address that will always find me-and I will come back." " Thelady 1" inquired Donald. " Yes-here give her this address if she wants it-and now Donald good- bye." And the next moment Strathearn was gone. " HIe has an awful look on his face," said the old highland lhousekeeper in Gaelic to her assistant, as he watched hler master take his departure. " Ay, Elspeth-I wish Strathlearn may not lhavre seen his wrraith." (To be Coetin,,ceed). 