INVERIIAY SUNDAY-SCIOOL. A Sunday-school in connection with the Church of England denomination-under the auspices of the Holy Trinity Church, Launceston-has for some time past been conducted under disadvantageous circum stances at Invermay. The nucleus of the school was commenced some time ago by Miss Whitefoord, who fosteringly held it at the private residence of Mr. J. Whitefoord. The time arrived when it was deemed desi rable that the growing number of scholars should be located in a permanent institu tion, and the way to thin end was con siderably cleared by munificent donations from Mrs. George Fisher, and Mr. C. Kent, of Launceston, the former contributing a sum of .400 for the erection, and the latter donating a valuable and appropriate site. Last Saturday afternoon was fixed for the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a building at Invermay which is to accommodate 150 scholars. At the time appointed, 3.30, a largo number of residents and friends from town had assembled, including the Vea. Archdeacon Hales, Rcv. C. 11. Young, Alderman Sadler, Messrs. J. Whitefoord, and T. S. Cleminsbaw. The ceremony was initiated by a proces sion of the school caildrcn m irching on to the ground singing a processional hymn, under the charge of MLiss Whitefoord. A Platform had been erected close to the foundation stone,.decorated with i-gs, on which-the- children were arrantged, .tad frdni whiclh those officially concerned con ducted the proceedings. Archdeacon Hales ainhounced .the hymn "Onward, Christian soldiers," which was sung to an orgari accompaniment, presided at by 'Mr. Dumaresq. Psalm 24 was then read, alter nate verses being said as responses, and special prayers were offered by the Arch decon for the school, the donor, the teachers, and the parents and children. Addressing the audience, Archdeacon Hales said that before requesting Mrs. Gee. Fisher to lay the corner stone of the new school, he would read a paper which waste be laid under the stone:-" This building erected to the glory of God and of His Son Jesus Christ, is given by Mrs. Fisher, at a cost of .£100, in loving memory of her late husband, George Fisher, long a respected citizen of Launceston, and an attached and faithful friend of the Church of the Holy Trinity. The site was purchased by sub scription, at a cost of £60. Daniel Fox Sandford, D.D., Bishop of Tasmania. Francis Hales, A.B., Archdeacon of Laun ceston, for 31 years incumbent of the parish, and for two years previously curate in charge. Miss Jane Whitefosd, the first teacher, who carried on the school in her father's house. Saturday afternoon, 3'30 o'clock, April 23, 1887." Mrs. Fisher then proceeded to lay the stone,labouring underoideronsiderableemotion, and having to be assisted by the Archdea con, saying:-"This stone is laid in loving memory of my dear lamented husband, Mr. George Fisher, in honour of God and His Son Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." The stone being lowered to its foundation' place, Mrs. Fisher contined-" I declare this stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." After reading a portion of St. Luke's Gospel, second clhapter, the Archdeacon, in specially addressing the young people present, said that in tie days the chapter referred to Sunday-schools did not exist as in the present form, but the' Jewish children were not left witlout instruction. The Lord Jesus Christ was a perfect boy; he learnt his Bible, as they must do, in order to practice its lessons, for learning about God would fit them for the work of life. The only way to pass through life truly was to try to serve God and do their duty. The Lord Christ grew tall by degrees, and grew at the same timo a favourite, and his example put it in their power to do likewise, to go home and prac tice the truth as Christ did. In a practical respect he wished the young before him to emulate the example of Christ, who came to his life work and did it well. He prayed that God's blessing might rest upon the school and the community. Archdeacon Hales then intimated that an offering would be taken up to enable them to furnish the school with forms, etc. The structure was a generous gift, and he hoped that a liberal offering would be made to enable them to secure the necessary furnishings. The offerings amounted to £12. A hymn-" The Church's One Founda tion"-was then sung, and the Benediction pronounced. Three cheers for Mrs. 'islher, Miss Whitefoord, Archdeacon Hales, Mr. Luttrell, and the teachers con cluded an interesting ceremony. - The intended school, which is to be erected on the allotment adjoining Mr. J. Whitefoord's residence, is of the Gothic style of architecture, with brick walls and slats roof-octagon shape-and polished stone heads and sills, the interior being lined with match boarding. The school room is 50ft. x 23ft., and the porch 8ft. square. Mr. Alfred E. Luttrell, architect, has generously drawn the plans and superintends the erection without charge. Messrs. J. and T. Gunn are the builders. The site is a most valuable one, the school is being erected some distance back from the road. The intention of those interested in the spiritual wants of this extending suburb being to have a Mission Church-a branch from Holy Trinity- erected on the front plot at no distant date. 