THE STONEWALL COLLAPSE.. The Action of the revolutionary section of the Assembly in stonewalling the. business of tho country now stnmls selr- eondemnecl. Nothing will justify revolt of nuylrinil but success, or, at all events,; n reasonable prospect of success. In forcibly opposing the lawful carrying on - or public' business up till last night, the Opposition hail not the ghost of a- chance of making their power prevail. The whole proceeding was wanton ' anil unprincipled from beginning to end. It had not even the unselfish, if mis chievous, folly of fanaticism. There was nothing in it but malice anil a vengeful desire to ho nasty. The t proof of this was furnished last night, when the obstructed resolution at lust came to bo put. That was tho time for each member of the obstructionist party to justify himself - and vindicate the motives of his obstruction by.hTs vote. Instead of that, when obstruction was overcome principle was abandoned, or rather I he pretence of principle was no longer kept up. the Opposition allowing their ease to go by lie-limit. The reasons for this :ue obvious. There is a quasi respectable element in the Opposition — a number of men who seek to gratify themselves by obstruc tion without, having their names pub licly connected with it. Had they been obliged to sit in division with the avowed obstructionists, who have no reputations to take care of, it would have been impossible to prevent the same brush of public obloquy tarring the whole lot. It was to avoid this that the division was shrunk from. These men no doubt think that bv washing their hands of obstruction, while at the same time they were encouraging and sustaining it, their reputa tions contract 110 stain. They may now pretend that their condemna tions of oiiHriietion were the sincere protests of 'offended virtue. There is no division list to tell to all time, the story of their pitiful livpcrrisy. J t is possible that a good many of the quasi respect ables would have considered their repu tations of sufficient value to be removed from the obstructionist side had a divi sion been risked, anil in deference to the scruples of these, !U r. Annoxr or hi r. Miif.vu.i.t: thought it, wise to let the case go by default. Under these circumstances hi r. Aiiijott may even 'cherish a lingering hope that his own vehement disclaimer of obstruc tionist sympathy wiil find credence. hVe are quite willing to liuiieve that hlr. Abbott did not of his own free choice consent to the hoisting of the brewer's sacred orifiamine on the Oppo sition benches, lib; plea that it was done in spile of him has a strong re siduum of pathetic truth in it. At the same time he aceeptc.1 the stan dard that was thus oi'/ered him. So did every other Member, no matter how virtuous lie may consider hiim-i-if, who sirs on tho Opposhion side o! the House. Anil more than this, had tliey not accepted it or were they to sincerely repudiate it now, tile 11ei.vii.ijc move ment would .not dure to go on. Tt is the quasi respectability that supports it, and the quasi respectability accepts its services in return. The position ;s unique in our Parliamentary lustory — unique in its danger and unique in its degradation. The hollowness and unreality, of Sir. Abbott's leadership is apparent to everyone. The tactics which Ins posi tion requires him to direct, lie repudiate.1: and condemns. AVhat is the use of keeping up such a farce as tills The present Opposition means ovanton, sinister obstruetioii, and lie_leads that or he leads nothing'. He does not lead obstruction, lie follows it. The lender- ship is in his name merely fur the pur pose of protecting the reputations of the quasi respectables, who would shrink from being classed as followers of Mr. MEi.vir.i.K. All the same, it is by Mr. Mkhvihle that they nre led. His leadership comes to him in the way that Sir II f.x itv Pakkes tho other night pointed out political 'leadership only can come. It comes to liiui by virtue id bis naturally inheriting the qualities which pre-eminently quality him for the post. We see no constitu tional objection to Mr. IiIki.vih he taking the place amongst his political associates which nature designs him to fill provided it is done openly anil in the regular way. A masked Mkhviht.e leading in the name of an Abbott, however, is another thing. If results in the Opposi tion having two policies — a practical one of downright shameless riot and obstruc tion and a theoretical one of demure patriotism and meek submission to the constitutional rule, of the majority. This means that there is an Opposition whose real leader is freed I'r.mi an ordinary leader's responsibilities. Utter demorali sation naturaiiy results, and it is a kind of demoralisation ior which it is 'extremely tliiiicf.ii, to suggest a cure. The case is a new one, ami it will have hi evolve a remedy from its own ex perience. 