THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER XXXI.—(Continued). Dorothy consulted her neat little silver watch. Social tea drinkings at Amanda Villas took place at a very early hour, and though the evening had seemed quite a long one, it was now only half-past eight " Come back as soon as you can, please, Henry Adolphus," said Dorothy; " I musn't stay here after nine." But she did stay after nine, for nine o'clock struck while Mr. Dobb was still absent. Poor Dorothy sat in silent agony awaiting his return, though she kept arguing with herself that there could be no cause for terror or anguish. Surely no harm could come of Gervoise Catheron's accidental possession of one of those missing notes. She knew nothing of the law of evidence ; she had never studied the science of crime, or trouble herself about the details of those dreadful deeds which had been done within her memory, and whose dark records she had listened to, pale and shuddering, when the chief butler deigned to read aloud from the London papers in Mrs. Browning's room. She had no notion of the extent of the danger to which her lover was exposed ; but she was stricken with fear and anguish nevertheless. It seemed so dreadful that the man she loved should be in any way involved in this dark mystery of crime and, horror. So ehe sat pale and miserable, waiting for the clerk's return, and deriving very little consolation from Mrs. Dobb, whose discourse ran chiefly uqon her owu feelings, and the prophetic terror with which she had been inspired with regard to Gervoise Catheron, and the numerous warnings she had given her husband upon the subject of the friendship with the lieutenant, and the foreshadowings of the present state of affairs, which had besn revealed to ber in her dreams. " I dreamt of riding in a third-class carriage only the night before last," said Selina, " and I think you'll allow that looked like coming down in the world; and Dobb was sitting opposite to me eating green apples. I never did like dreaming of unripe fruit; it signifies failure in your plans, you kuow, and you'll find it explained in that way in Napoleon Bonaparte's own Dream-Book. And then the carriage came to a dead-stop all at once, and we were told to get out; and it wasn't a carriage after all, but a steamer going on dry land, and the paddlewheels had stuck in the ground, which of course I understand to signify that you are sure to come to harm when you choose acquaintance in a higher station to your own and get out of your element, as it were But I see you're not listening, Dorothy; so Til say no more." " Ob, yes, Selina, I am listening. But you frighten me so when you talk of those bad dreams. I shall die if any harm comes toGervoise." "It's like your selfishness to think nothing but your Gervoises. But I feel myself bound to tell you that I'm afraid there's trouble in store for you, Dorothy. I dreamt last week that I saw you dressed in fink; and I never yet knew anything good to come of dreaming of a pink dresB." While Mrs. Dobb was thus feeding the vague feat that oppressed poor Dorothy, the clerk's latch-key sounded in the street door, and in another moment Henry Adolphus entered the little sitting-room. He was paler than Dorothy, and the humorous faculty seemed to have deserted him for the time being. « Here's a pretty black look-out for all! he said; "Catheron has bolted—hasn shown himself at the barracks since Thursday night; and his commanding-officer came out as I was making my inquiries, and has been hauling me over the coals to any extent; and accusing me of being concerned in Catheron's going to the bad: low company, and two-penny-halfpenny betting, and all that sort of thing, has been pelted at my head for the last half-hour. If it wasn't for such as you,' said the swell, 'there wouldn't be so many junior officers a disgrace to their corps. I have reported Mr. Catheron'e disappearnce to the Admiralty,' be said, 'and if he comes back, there'll be a court-martial held for the investigation of his conduct,' and then he called to one of the men: ' See this person out at the gates,' he said, 'and don't let me hear of him hanging about here again;' and upon that he turned upon his heel and walked off. Oh, ehouldn't I have liked to have presented him with a testimonial in the shape of a email piece of my mind !" Mr. Dobb might have 6aid more in his indignation; but at this juncture his attention was called to Dorothy, who had fainted " dead off," as Selina said. CHAPTER XXXEL A DISMAL SABBATH. To Marcia those silent days were very terrible in which the house was hushed, and every sound of human footsteps and human voice suppressed, in order that the fitful Blambers of Arthur Holroyde should at least be unbroken by any external cause. During those dreadful days the daughter of the house sat alone in her room ; sat for hours motionless and silent—in seeming almost apathetic, but in reality possessed by a terror BO profound that it deprived her of all power of action. She had been told that there was no hope for Arthur Holroyde. He might linger so many hours, so many days even, bnt it was only a question as to the endurance of his pain. Lingering or slow as the footsteps of Death might be, they were approaching him none the less surely, The utmost that medical science could do for Arthur Holroyde was to slacken the pace of those fatal footstepB. Marcia Denieon knew this; and she fully believed that the dying man had been stricken by the hand of Godfrey Pierrepoint. Had he not said that if they two met, there would be a ruder justice than any to be obtained in courts of law—a hastier settlement of a dishonored husband's wrongs than could be effected by the prosings of proctors or the decree of any mortal parliament ? And a fatal accident had brought about their meeting; and this was what had come of it. She had thought much of the possibility of sach an encounter, after her interview with Godfrey ; but even amidst the vague terror that tormented her, there had been the hope— nay, more than the hope—the belief that Christian feeling would restrain his hand, that he would let his enemy go—half in mercy, half in scorn—as he might release some hunted beast that was scarcely worthy to become an honest hunter's prey. Her fears for Godfrey Pierrepoint locked her lips. She had made no inquiry as to the mode and manner of the attack npon Arthur Holroyde. If she had known that he had been shot in the back, she might have been spared the anguish of these terrible days: for under no - circumstances could she have believed Godfrey Pierre point an assassin. She fancied that the men had met each other face to face; and there on the spot, without time for consideration or ceremonial observance, some rude duel had taken place between them, and the guilty man had fallen by ithe hand of the avenger. She thought this, and the horror of the thought •froze her very eouL She dared not ask «ny question about the tragic mystery, j&owever; cautiously she might speak, some unlucky word might be dangerous, perhaps fatal, to him. "I am groping in darkness," she thought, " I will not speak of this thing at alL I will not open my lips upon this subject, for I fear I should do mischief." And Dorothy, seeing her mistress so pale and silent, so cold and reserved, could not take heart io speak of the tragedy, She told Miss Denison of the greai surgeon's sentence of death, the particn lars of which penetrated to the housekeeper's room; but this was all she had dared to say. Sir Jasper kept his apartments, and Mrs. Harding also remained in her own loom, quite prostrated by the shock, she told Mrs. Browning, when the housekeeper visited her in her darkened chamber. It may seem an easy thing to kill a mandarin when a wish only is sufficient to do the deed and there is all the distance between Europe and Asia to divide the victim from his murderer. But what if the evil wish has been father to the deed, and the mandarin attacked by a blundering hand has been brought home to die by inches under the very roof that shelters his murderer 1 That contingency can scarcely be very agreeable. Mrs. Harding groaned aloud as 6he rejected some 6loppy nourishment which the housekeeper had carried her. " No, you dear good creature," she exclaimed,—for there were few circumstances under which she forgot to be civil,—" I don't want any arrowroot. This dreadful event has brought on my neuralgia; and arrowroot is no use in neuralgia. Do go away—that's a dear kind soul. I know you're wanted down stairs." And then when the chamber-door had closed npon the dear good soul, Blanche Harding flung off the bedclothes and rose, tall and ghost-like, and terrible to look upon in her white garments. She rose and paced the room with her bare feet—a modern Jane Shore, and with more than Jane Shore's sins upon her soul. " Oh God," Bhe cried, " what a wretch am! Was there ever such a wicked creature as I ? How many years am I to endure my dreadful life ; and how shall I dare to die when my time comes The house was like a tomb during these dismal days of waiting on the fatal footsteps. The servants glided to and fro like the ghosts in Hades. The tongue of the dinner-bell was dumb; no regular meals of any description were served in the upper regions; but trays were carried up stairs, and carried down again with their contents very often untasted. Who could eat or drink while those stealthy footsteps were advancing through the silence ? It might have been long before Marcia Denison aroused herself from the deadly stupor which had oppressed her since the night of the murder, if there had not arisen a sudden necessity for her womanly care and tenderness. On the Sunday after the fatal night, Dorothy fell ill, very ill, alarmingly ill; and Marcia's heart melted all at once when she found her little protegee tossing her feverish head on a tumbled pillow, and uttering wild incoherent talk. The family doctor came to look at the sick girl, and prescribed some simple effervescing draught "Mental excitement, no doubt," he said; "and perhaps a sudden chill into the bargain. Girls of this age are so reckless. Don't be alarmed, Miss Denison, we shall bring your little maid round; depend upon it." Marcia dismissed the housemaid who had been the first to discover Dorothy's illness, and had been administering weak tea and strong smelling-salts, under the belief that those two restoratives were infallible in all mortal illness. The girl was kind-hearted, but rough and clumsy: so Marcia dismissed her and took up her post at Dorothy's bedside, with a New Testament open on the little table near her, and a weary, weary heart. "Oh, let me do some good in this world," she thought. " I can do nothing for Mm. He is surrounded by dangers, and I cannot stretch out my hand to heln v him." It was a weary, weary Sunday. The bells of Scarsdale Church seemed to be ringing all day; and indeed this is an attribut of church-bells in general if you do not go to church. In Marcia's sad fancy they sounded like funeral bells. "Where has he gone J" she thought; what has he done since that night?" She had not dared to ask if Godfrey Pierrepoint were at the Hermitage, To betray that he had been in the neighbourhood might be to betray him to trial and doom. Lynch-law in England is apt to be called murder; and the days are long gone by in which any irregular midnight-duel would be pronounced justifiable homicide. So she dared not utter the name by which Godfrey Pierrepoint was known at Scarsdale. She dared not wander out into the wood in the hope of encountering him; lest the sight of her should lure him from some hiding-place and entrap him in some unknown danger. She could only wonder about him. Was he' lying somewhere in the wood, hidden deep in a forest of fern, waiting a safe hour for his flight? or had he left the place boldly, showing himself in the face of men, and starting anew on his wild journeyings across the earth ? It would be more consistent with his character to do this: and Marcia shuddered as she thought how easily he might be found and brought back—brought back to disgrace and death. It was dusk, and for the first time in many hours Marcia had fallen into a doze —a slumber almost as feverish as that of the girl she was tending. Confused dreams full of vague terror disturbed her as she slept: but through them all she was conscious that they were only dreams, and conscious also of the melancholy sickchamber and Dorothy's feverish moanings, as she tossed her tumbled hair from side to side upon her pillow. " Don't! don't!" cried the girl; " don't say that! It wasn't him—it couldn't ba him!" She had been very incoherent in her little intervals of delirium, and had talked of so many things, and had said the same things so often, that poor Marcia's brain had grown bewildered by the senseless repetition. But now in her Bemisomnolent state she found herself listening to the girl's wild talk. "The notes!" cried Dorothy; "no, no, no!—not the same note—not the same number—not the same " The door was opened while the girl lay with her hands clasped entreatingly, reiterating incoherent sentences—in which the words "notes" and " numbers" occnrred Mrs. Browning eatered with a cup of tea and some etheral bread-andbutter on a small silver tray. " I've brought you a cup of nice strong tea, Miss, said the old woman; " do please try to eat a few mouthfuls of breud-andbutter with it—you've had nothing since breakfast, Miss Marcia." The old servants at Scarsdale rarely called their young mistress " Miss Denison." " And such a breakfast! I saw the tray that Sanders brought down stairs, and the things on it had been scarcely touched. Dear Miss Marcia, you'll make youreelf ill." " I don't think it will much matter if I am ill," Marcia answered wearily. "J can't eat, Browning. Well, I'll take some tea and bread-and-butter to please yon. I'm afraid Dorothy is very ill; she has been delirious again since I gave her her medicine." The sick girl was talking in the same dreary moaning voice. The housekeeper, who was omnipotent in the Abbey in the time of sickness or death, went to the bedside and bent over the reBtless little figure. " How she does go on about notes and numbers!" said Mrs. Browning; "I do think Bhe's worrying her poor head with the thoughts of that bill that the policeofficer from London has had printed." "What bill?" " The bill offering a reward for the apprehension of the murderer." "Who—who has offered the reward?" "Your papa, Miss Marcia. He has acted like a noble gentleman as he is. Mr. Holroyde was his visitor, he Baid, and was not to be assassinated with im -I think it's punity, isn't it, Miss? but those long words do bother me sometimes. The police-officer told me all about it." "I should like to see one of those bills, Browning," said Marcia in a faint voice. A reward offered, and by her father! The sleuth-hounds of the law had their hungry teeth sharpened by the promise of gold. " Til get you one of the placards, if you like, Miss Marcia," said the housekeeper, " there are plenty of them in my room." The dame went out into the corridor where she found an active young housemaid, whom she despatched in quest of what she wanted. It wonld have taken Mrs. Browning herself a long time to journey to and fro the lower regions, but the active young housemaid made light of passage and stairs, and tripped back very speedily with the placard in her hand. The housekeeper carried it to Marcia, and then for the first time Marcia discovered that Arthur Holroyde had been robbed of .£300. The discovery was the most overpowering joy she had ever known in her life. To her the fact of the robbery seemed con- clusive evidence of Godfrey Peppm^infs innocence. A mean-mindedwomanruight have suspected that the robbery was a blind—a mere device intended to throw the police on the wroug- scent. But Marcia had no such thought as this. Her fears had deeply wronged the man who loved her; but she had never wronged him so deeply as to think him capable of crawling baseness. Whatever a noble savage might do unblushingly, she fancied it was just possible that Godfrey Pierrepoint might have done in a moment of ungovernable anger. But to rifle the form of his victim, to defile his fingers by contact with his enernvVj. sordid money—no! snch a deed as trail could never be done by any scion of a proud and honorable race. When she had in some manner recovered from the overpowering emotion that came with the discovery of Godfrey's innocence, Marcia ventured for the first time to speak freely of the deed that had been done. She questioned Mrs. Browning, and heard the details of the crime. The victim had been shot in the back. Ah, thank Heaven I he would attack no enemy thus; face to face only could such as he encounter his foe. Marcia listened quietly to all the housekeeper had to tell her, and then sat brooding over the terrible story as the twilight grew more sombre, and the last reflection of the setting sun faded slowly on the western wall. And every now and then Dorothy's wild talk broke in up her reverie, and the girls chief cry was still about numbers and notes. All at once she started np in bed and cried aloud— "Oh! no, no, no, Selina I don't be cruel—don't say he did it 1" Marcia sprang to her feet. " Good Heavens 1" she exclaimed, " this girl knows something about the murder." She was petrified with astonishment. Could the wretch who had committed the crime be any one of Dorothy's kindred— men who were renowned for their long service and rugged honesty? The girl's illness, which the doctor said was caused by excitement of the mind rather than disorder of the body; her wild talk about the contents of the placard; and then that cry of anguish—" Don't say he did it 1"— all pointed to one conclusion. "What am I to do?" thought Marcia. "I cannot betray the girl's unconscious utterance; that would be too cruel, too hard. But if he should bet suspected, if he should be in danger; or if any innocent man should be suspected; What am I to do? Oh God, restore this girl to reason, and if she knows the secret of the crime, unseal her lips, for the sake of the innocent!" Marcia fell npon her knees by her maid's sick bed, and prayed. There are crises in the life of a woman in which only prayer can save her from deBpair and madness. The supernal calm which comes down upon the souls of faithful supplicants descended upon Marcia Denison's spirit as the night closed round the kneeling figure. (To be continued.) 