A L U' TELEPHONE. [Pall Mall Gazette.) We enter the wide wide court of a palatial looking mansion in the Faubourg St. Germain, which is so elegant looking that nobody fresh to this country could imagine it was an official residence. Eighteen years ago it was the centre of the highest fashion, the Prince and Princess Metternich, as Austrian Ambassador and A mbassatlress having then lived there. On ascending a low flight of spacious steps, sheltered above the whole way by a light glassed veranda, a door is flung open by a grave looking man in black. He has style enough to be a gentleman named, and is in law and in his own estimation not a servant but a State functionary. A leur-)d'audience is shown him, and he passes us on to a colleague equally dignified and important, who takes us through a suite of sumptuous apartments, left by well-lighted, thickly carpeted, and furnished in the Louis Quatorze) style. Tall miners throw back the light, which enters through 'door windows looking on a garden which might be, so wall the walls are hidden by old trees and underwood, a clearing in a forest. At the end! of the start we are told to sit down, and the lettre audience is taken into the office of Minister Grauet, the Postmaster General. We kick our hands for about a quarter of an hour and look at the inlaid furniture, of which there are specimens as good as any in the ITeitfoid collection. We then, to kill time, inspect the pictures hung upon the wall. They are till modern, and were bought by the State to give a above to mentor ions artists whom Uro public did not greatly patronise. Most, of them are con- ventional, and the spirit that moved the painter to paint them was a weak one. I see in the not "The A i rest of Charlotte Corday," by Henri SchrfliT, McLure. Human's father. While gissing fit it we hear the ringing of an electric bell. The usher walks in with quick yet stately step to say)' that M. le Ministre " yet been vous receivers," and so on we go into the biggest room of any we have yet been in A line of thick, well-seasoned logs burns brightly in the wide heart. There is nothing receive a large desk in Buhl, and a second one in a plainer style, to show that I first room is an officer. M, le Maistre im- presses one at first sight agreeably. He is rather under than over the middle height, olive- skinned, dark-eyed, open of manner, and speaks fluently with a provincial accent. He has with him his chef de cabinet, some officers in mufti, and a strongly-built, bald headed gentleman, whom one feels to be the king of the company, although he has no official rank of any sort. "The Minister says you know the Doctor ;" and some hand shaking of a hearty kind goes on. The Doctor looks very ki en and very genial. TTo leaves the reside of Grand Officer of the Legion of Hon our in a lirenst-lmllnnhnlts of his coat. His back, from the eyebrows up, is one of vast volume, and a bad one, and one would think there were elect i cul batteries behind his eyes. If Richard III. were not deformed, bred in the United States, and not. cynical or cruel, T fancy he would have been the image, of "flux Doctor." Richard, you know', was perhaps the most useful and re- forming of our killed, and he must have been what the Americans call a magnetic man. At any rate, he was the best business man of his day, and in that respect Dr. Cornelius Theiss, who walked the Pin is hospitals and won a French diploma to avoid being confounded with men of his nice who keep marine stores, is not behind him The purport of the letter of mid fence was to enable us to look at telephonic experiments but not the ghost of a telephone is visible. Some pleasant chat goes on in French. M. Graue looks at the chimney clock, and observers the General seems like" ly to be behind time. "It'sfwo minutes too "soon to say that," quoth HIP doctor. "I never yet knew him late for an appointment '' And sure enough at the end of the two minutes in walked an elegantly built man, nearer to fifty than to forty, with whose head the caricaturist and photographers have made the Parisians familiar. [Jp was greet it with a "Bon jour, Geindrai," and IIB accosted his military friend on charade. General Boulanger for the new comer was the terrible bogey of the Germans looks really one of Nature's noblemen. Tie is slightly stooped in the shoulders, and he holds out his left elbow a good deal from his body to prevent a still open wound, which he got when a young subaltern in Italy, from being preyed upon by his arm. " We feared you were going to keep us waiting," quoth the Minister of Posts and Telegraphs " Do you think me capable of setting such a bad example?" answers General Boulanger. "The forts have been instructed to be ready at 245 sharp, and I have been here to the minute. A louvre, cher docteur! But hold, Is there any journalist hero? As people say I am too fond of taking to Prem gentlemen, I am determined to be silent whenever I find myself in the presence of one." "There is no Press gentleman," cries the Doctor, so make your mind easy " " Where's the telephone?" asks one of the bystanders. " Here it is," says Dr. Herz, going over to what appeared to be the push-button of an electrical bell, from which a flexible cable as thick as the cord of a window-blind hung in a loop. This cable, was attached to a movable cap and to the other part of the apparatus. When the cap was taken off one saw a black membrane over a circular tube which went into the wall. Abell was rung, and there was an answering ring given directly. "Stand well back in front of the telephone"," said the Doctor to the General, arid talk to the fort with which we are now in communication." The General backs as far as he can to the other side of the wide room, and says, in the tone he would assume if speaking to an orderly, "Is Captain Dubois there?" "Yes." "How far precisely are you from the War Office ?" " Thirty-two kilometres " " Have the drains been made to carry all the sewage in the contrary direction of the well that has been sunk to provide a water supply ?" " They are nearly finished." " Tell the commander to put himself in communicating." A ringing of bells follows. " Do your men suffer from damp in the casemate lodgings?" "No, General." " How do you know I'm a General?" " I recognise your voice." 'Put on private to talk to me," The best) lines. "The General, who has all the while the cap to his ear, says, On what duty were you to-day ?" " On fatigue duty." " When will you have served your time 2, In nine months." "Are you from Ages "No." " But you come from the neighbourhood ?" " From a place twenty miles off." "I thought you must be from that district. What's your father?" "A Garonne best man." You hear me well !" " Yes." " Repeat all that I have said " This was done. Communication was then opened with a force more than 150 miles distant. The result was equally good. An order was then given which was to be repealed from fort to fort and then back to the room in which we were. The verbal inaccuracies were very few. Telephonic drill to teach verbal accuracy in the transmission of orders is to be one of the reforming innovations made at the French War Office. A curious sign of the commercial spirit of the limestone of the officers in mufti, who also wears the rosette of the Legion of Honour, is the owner of one of the greatest " universal pro- viders" in France. He thinks of making Uro Herss telephone a great feature of his emporium, and watched the experiments with the closest attention. If, as Dr. Herz | claimed, it could be made for 3 francs, furnished to the trade for 7, and sold for 10, the electric and every other kind of bell for domestic purposes would soon be a thing of the past. Old Monarchical manners and methods are not altogether rooted out of j Republican France. In the office of the Minister of Posts and Telegraphs, at the experiments I speak of, there were, besides the journalist who was not a Press gentleman, i functionary belonging to the Department of Public Safety and another from the Pre- feature of Police. They wanted to ascertain to what extent prison walls might be supplied with ears, and whether a judge of instruction could overhear, sitting at his own desk, what prisoners being " drawn" by [ motions were saying. As I pity all captives, however they may deserve captivity, I am sorry to record that unless they speak in low voices to their cell companions, all they say will be overwhelmed by the law officers who have a direct personal interest | in hunting them down. A technical description of Doctor Herz's telephone has appeared in the 'Times taxa Daily JYeios of the 6th March, and in the Journal of Industries of the 13th March. It is stated in the latter that the sound of the apparatus in question is only a fourth of the volume of the Bell Ellison one. I should have thought the contrary, and I have no hesitation in saying that the new Heiv, telephone conveys sound with far greater clearness than the Bell-Edison one. 