Moot Points. Up to the present time spiritualism has failed to justify itself by any evidence of its practical utility. Psychical research, or what has been otherwise named spookology, has shown itself to be of all scientific pursuits the most barren of useful results. Even where spook-revelations have served as warnings or channels of timely in formation of any sort, the benefits have been closely limited to the individual instance, and supply no rule capable of widespread beneficial application. This is the real reason why practical men are disposed to give so little attention to its claims and its testimonies. *■ What's the good of it?" is to them a for more important question than, ■' Is it trueP" But it has at last occurred to a genius in South Australia to introduce it into a sphere of business with which it has not been hitherto connected, and in which it can be made to work toward beneficent ends. We say "genius" advisedly, as surely it is nothing less than a stroke of genius to bring spiritualism to bear upon the value of land. A certain South Australian named Lahandorff entertains the spirit of some deoeased person on his lease hold premises, and upon his land, which is held under the Crown, becoming liable to forfeiture, actually puts forward the localised existence of this spirit as a reason why the land should be valued at a lower rate. He has ex hibited himself and his family in full communica tion with the invisible spook, and on account of the knocks which they are able to educe he pleads that the land should retrospectively be knocked down to him at a much lower rental. Now, this sort of thing is capable of widespread application. If Lahandorff's plea is listened to, many a poor leaseholder may be benefited by opening up com munication with the spiritual world. " The family ghost" will no longer be the exclusive pro perty of families of high degree. Every home stead will have its ghostly tenant whose board will be well represented by the reduction in the quarter's rent. It may become necessary for governments to put a tax upon ghosts. It may become necessary to treat them as ■'improve ments," and to raise the rent accordingly. In fact, Lahandorff's move is calculated to raise a number of very complicated questions. When the spiritual world begins to so overlap the material as to get entangled in agrarian matters we may have to revise our land laws altogether. When "our children's patrimony" becomes at the same time the abode of our deceased fathers the in terests become perplexingly intricate. Our fathors, ourselves, our posterity, all on the one selection—it makes ouo foel that there was somo truth in Disraeli's *• threo rents." Thero is a very daugorous police-magistrate at Eockhampton. Not that he isn't a very good beak; ou the contrary, he seems to bo as efficient on the bench as he is popular both on and off it. None tho loss, but rather all the moro, is he to bo dreaded by whosoever rosts tho socurity of his freedom on tho contiuuanco amougst us of repre sentative forms of govornmeut, and nono the less, but rather all the moro, may it become necessary for QucenslanderB to plebiscitato him into exilo. For this man, a magistrate in a democratic country, is actually educating the people into patornal government. Ho sits iv his court like a caliph in his gate, and dispenses not meroly dry law, but equity, common seuso, consideration, good-natured fun, and any amount of wise advico. Tho community hang upon his lips as closely as does his beard. Tho cases hoard before him are locally reported iv the shape of dialogues between tho polico-magistrato and the accused, in which tho former assmos the character, uot of the cus tomary Dutch uncle, but of tho universal fathor. Not content, however, with luriug the people to appreciate the blessings of paternal govern ment by playing tho rolo of tho royally humorous caliph, he endeavours to com bine with this the methods of "the littlo fathor," Peter the Great, and liko him descends from his tribunal to becomo his own executioner. This he calls treating his prisoners " aB if they were his owu sons"—paternal govern ment pure, simple, and avowed. With many people, especially with thoso iv the community iv which ho flourishes, all this appears to be con sidered highly laudable. To us it appears as dangerous as if it were the result of deliberate ambition. Its effect is reactionary. It is teach ing a community, wearied out with the contiuual hitches iv tho works of the reprosontative Govern ment machine, to look back with longing to the Czar-Caliph stylo of thing, to the old ono man combination of justice and jollity. Wore we tho Government we would dread this man's inno vations. His last is even moro perilous than his assumption of the r6le of executioner. To allow prisoners to fix the amount of the fine which themselves are to pay is a most daring interference with judicial routine, and partakes too much of the nature of a family arrangement, in which the father is supreme arbiter, to be other than injurious to the democratic spirit. Altogether this man has too much individuality for an age in which the withering of the individual is mode the condition of the progress of man. It would perhaps be well to remind our readers of the style of farming that has beon occasionally attempted by men whose education in other respects was by no means neglected in their youth; then it will be seen that the opening of a Department of Agriculture is not so unnecessary as some persons seem to imagine. It was in the neighbourhood of Port Macquarie that a retired military officer settled down on a modest estate, by cultivating which he hoped to conduce to the comfort of mankind and add materially to his banking account. Ho had not previously studied the mysteries of farming, but he was ambitious and wished to gain a name iv connection with products which were not commonly grown in that district. And he made for himself a name that has never been forgotten, for his first order for seeds from which he hoped to gather a profitable crop was for ten bushels each of split peas and pearl barley; he did not, however, make a fortune by farming. Of equal interest is the initiation of a sheep-breeding farm by a Professor in Victoria who afterwords hold a portfolio. He was so far fortunate as to secure some highly, bred rams to begin with; then he went in search of breeders, and, happening to see some large-framed sheep, he asked tho prico »nd became tho happy owner of a fow hundred of them. When they were put in his paddocks he was a little surprised at the unfriendly relations that seemod to exist betwen the rams and the newcomers, aud the mystery was not explained until a friend some wcoks later ou inquired about tho price of his fat sheep. ■• Oh, they are not for sale," said he; "I intend to keep them for breeding!" Tho peals of laughtor that followed his reply wero unaccoun table until his friend reminded him that some Bheep which were not rams did not breed— wethers, for instance. The Professor afterwards came to the conclusion that sheep-breeding was not his forte, and made up his mind to devote the remainder of his days to other pursuits. We might quote other cases of a similar character, but to what purpo3o ? Are not these sufficient to prove that a Department of Agriculture may be useful ? But is it possible to make a farmer of a grower of split peas, or of a breeder from fat wethers ? People are sometimes puzzled in this country when they are asked the difference between a town and a township. Iv general conversation the terms are used with reckless promiscuousness; nevertheless, wo havo known people to be grossly offended at hearing the collection of houses in which they possess an abode spoken of as a town ship instead of as a town. For the benefit of those who have not yet mado up their minds upon the subject wo offer the following suggestions as indicative of a good working distinction in tho application of the two terms. In a township the shops are not properly differentiated; in a town they are. When in one and tho same shop you can buy bread nnd boots, groceries and greens, calico and concertinas, stationery and saddlery, bibles and butter, castor oil and crockery—in short, everything from a needle to a ploughshare —and can also buy all these in the shop next door and in tho shop opposite, you may be pretty sure you are in n township. But a still better test is the court-house. If it is confined to the purppses of law and justice, you may call the place in which it is—a town. But if you find stray leaves of a sermon lying about in it on a Monday morning, or a hymn-book or two, and porceive a heavy odour of sanctity hanging about before the windows are opened, you may consider yourself in a township, and one which has not yet been able to raise even a pro-cathedral. Or, more decisive still—but ouough of abstractions : take rather a concrete example. Had yon entered the magis trate's room iv tho court-house at Harrisville a few days ago you might have been struck by the dissipated appearance of what ought to bo the sanctum sanctorum of justice. Empty bottles, corks iv abundance, an unlimited supply of orange- skin, in fact, all the usual stalo relics ef bygone festivity might have met the gaze where the spectator would have expected to see nothing less grave than the appliances necessary for the application of Justices' justice—whatever these may be. Had you, instead of rush ing to immediate conclusious as to the character of the Harrisville bench, in quired the cause of this thusness, you would have found that, by permission of the Govern ment, the court-house is utilised for the Harris ville "Monthly Assembly Bolls," aud that on such occasions the magistrates' retiring-room is o inverted into a refreshment-stall. Clearly Harrisville is only a township. If the mention of these two tests, especially the latter, should to any small extent open the eyeß.of townships to what they have to do in order to get themselves spoken of as full-fledged towns, we shall not have written in vain. ** The Mayor of Rockhampton has made a grievous mistake. He has insulted the British Army. He has issued his invitations to the Jubilee banquet and boll, and has omitted to send one to Major Bagstock. By the way, Bagstook is not tho name of the non - invitee. Wo merely call him so to avoid handling his own name—military men are so touchy—and " Bag stock" is a name of such distinction that no man is likely to be offended by having to wear it through the space of a paragraph. We might have called him Costigan, but, his own name being au Irish one, and beginning with a " C" and ending with an " n," the substitution might be thought to be of the nature of parody. But enough about his name. Bagstock let it be. Well, Major Bagstook informs the public in a Rockhampton contemporary of the above mentioned grievous slight, and mokes it plain that it is not the fact of being personally ignored which touches him, but the insult to the Army in his person. " Belonging as I do," says Bagstook, ■* to an honourablo profession—the Army, which is not to be slighted—l may not, even if I would, permit myself to be thus wholly ignored." Further on, the Major states that he now asserts himself thus publicly only through a sense of duty, "and," continues he, "in view of future possible eventualities, I beg to remind his worship, too, that he does not forget me or mine when the rates are to bo paid." One's first feeling on reading this is that it is a blessing not to be Mayor of Rockhampton. As suredly those mysterious words hinting at the consequences of hiß awful blunder, "in view of future possible eventualities," will cause next week's Jubilations to sour on the mayoral stomach. As the whole British Army has been insulted in the slight put upon Bagstock, the words may mean that Rockhampton will be made to feel the displeasure of the entire military force of the Empire. Or, worse still, as the Major has previously stated, that the town may yet be glad of his services, they may mean that when Rock hampton's day of need arrives Bagstock will re fuse the command of her forces. Or, worst of all —and from the immediate context we fear this is the true interpretation—they may mean that since Bagstook is not invited to the municipal bolls he wfll decline to pay the municipal rates! In any oase, it is clear that the mayor has got himself into an awful mess. The Army will feel terribly the slight that has been put upon it, especially as military men are accustomed to value so highly the amenities of aldermanio sociality. It is earnestly to be hoped that even at the eleventh hour, while there is yet time to put on the '-uniform of a British officer," Major Bagstock may get his invitation. The present rulers of New South Wales are perhaps as full of rejoicing ovor tho Jubilee of her most gracious Majesty as their predecessors, bat they have a different way of showing their feelings. Sir Patrick Jennings was liko the Israelite who had found a coin that had been lost; he wanted all his friends and neighbours to assemble in Sydney and to rejoice with him for a fortnight or so at the expense of the New South Wales taxpayer. Sir Henry Parkes will not eucourago any such extravagances; perhaps it is because so very many coins have been lost from the public exchequer, and he cannot find them high or low, that he feels so moody. But he has original ideas in connection with this sub ject; or aboriginal, shall wo call them? He wishes to impress it upon the minds of the few survivors of the former occupants of this fair country of ours tbat even they ought to be happy and loyal in tho extreme because it is tho Queen's Jubilee, and he proposes to excite their feeliogs through their stomachs! The inner aboriginal is to be gratified by the satisfaction of his gas tronomic tastes, and will be made comfortable until the goodthingshave been digested; then—the aboriginal is Nature's human representative man, you know, and Nature abhors a vacuum! But at any rate the noble savage will enjoy himself for a time. After all, though, is there any special reason why our dark-skinned pre decessors should rejoice in this the Queen's Jubilee f Her Majesty, no doubt, has felt grieved that they should occupy so lowly a position amongst her subjects, and would help if she could to avert the fate which awaits them; but they do not know much about the Queen of England. Their acquaintance with her Majesty is almost limited to the day when blankets are distributed amongst them, and they are called upon to give three cheers for " the cobbon Mary." Nor ia there anything connected with their sur roundings to suggest rejoicing, unless they can derive satisfaction from the reflection that the -amber of their poor relations who require assistance is becoming smaller and smaller every year. When the throne was first occupied by Queen Victoria the aboriginals wero very different to those who now linger about the streets and beg for "Sixpence, please, sir?" and "tumbacca." Then the digger had not put in his appearanoe, and th* oountry so far as it was occupied was nothing but a shoepwalk; but the sons of the soils were numerous enough, aud the white man of ten perished to gratify their anger or their avarice. Now, thoy are gone to other hunting grounds where European civilisation can no longer extirpate them, and only a few survivors can be got together to partake of tho feast which Sir Henry Parkes will regale them with. Few as they aro iv number they will jubilate tv their hearts' content; but will it be bocauae it is her Majesty's Jubilee; or because the inner aboriginal is to'be stuffed with as much food as he eon con sume? 