VICTORIAN RAILWAYS. Goods and parcels were lying at the Maidon terminus yesterday for the following consignees :—Goods: Brooks, T. Marks, Grisold, Grenfell, Nichol, Oswald, Thompson, Bruges, Jones, Buckland, Blight, Gibbs. Parcels: Dabb, Wells, Billingham, Rev. R. Angus, Daws. An English journal says that the most needed new inventions are the following ? —"Macaroni machinery, good red- pencils, type writers that will work on account books and record books, indelible stamp cancelling ink, a practical car starter, a good railway car ventilator, better horsc-shccs, locomotive headlights, an instrument for measuring the velocity of wind currents, apparatus for measuring the depth of the sea without sounding by line, piano lid-hinge which shall be flush on the outside, good fluid India ink for draughtsmen, a good metallic railway tie, an effective cut-off for locomotives, a method of alloying copper and iron, and a moulding material for iron and brass castings capable of giving a mould that can be used over and over again." The above is a tolerably comprehensive list, but we should say that a machine said to be in course of invention, which turns a man out of bed at a given hour, tumbles him into a bath, washes him, cleans his teeth, shaves him, pats a clean shirt and collar on him, dresses him, starts him into a town, and puts a return railway ticket and a fivepound note in his pocket, about " takes the cake " in the way of comprehensiveless. As exemplifying the trite aphorism that 1 Evil communications corrupt good manners," a correspondent writes : The youngest darling ot a happy household, being of a wakeful disposition, was indulged with a feeding-bottle up to the mature age of nearly two years. Her mother, happening to awake one night, became aware of a disturbance in the cot beside her, when baby raised her fair little head, with the startling question, " Where de debbil is my mouf-piece ?" It must be explained that this occurred in a part of a country where children were liable to overhear the conversation of the servants, who were entirely composed of negroes. For some days (writes an English paper) the inhabitants of Mumbles Head have been a state of excitement over alleged mysterious visitations of ghosts about the Mumbles after nightfall. It being determined to fathom the mystery, a number of men secreted themselves at Newton Rill. The spectre duly appeared in the form of a figure clothed in white, with blackened face. Hands were instantly laid upon the ghost, who was discovered to be a prominent member of the Salvation Army. He was ruthlessly stripped of his garments and a sound flogging administered, notwithstanding his entreaties and protestations that it was only a joke. The Royal library at Stockholm contains a remarkable literary curiosity, called the devil's code, which is said to be the largest manuscript in the world. Every letter of this gigantic piece of work is as beautifully formed as if it were minutely and carefully drawn, and it seems almost impossible that it should have been done by a single human being. The devil's code was brought to Sweden from Prague after the Thirty Years' War, and the Deutsche Hausfrauen Zeiiung tells the following story of its origin :— A poor monk, who had been condemned to death, was told that his sentence would be commuted if he were able to copy the whole of the code in a angle night. Belying on the impossibility of the task, his judges furnished him with the original, pen and ink, and left him in his well-barred prison. A drowning man catches at a straw to save himself, aud the unfortunate monk began to try his last impossible task with the vain hope of accomplishing it. Before long, however, he saw that he could not save his life by his own weal: exertions. Afraid of a cruel and certain death and perhaps doubting the promise of abetter life hereafter, he invoked the aid of the Prince of Darkness, promising to surrender bis soul if he were assisted in his task. The dark sphit appeared as soon as he was called, concluded the contract, sat down like any copying clerk, and next morning the devil's code was finished. " HOUGH OX COESS."—Ask for Wells' "Bough on corns." Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. • At chemists and druggists. . HoLiowAT'sOiKTraasTAKDPJiiS.—Autumnal Remedies.—Toward the fall of the year countless causes are at work to lower the tone of the nervous system, which will be followed by ill health unleBS proper mean be employed to avert that evil. Holloway's far-famed preparation supply a faultless remedy for both external and internal complaints connected with changes of season. All affections of the skin, roughness, blotches, pimp'.es, superficial and deeper- seated inflammations, erysipelas, rheumatic pains, and gouty pangs alike succumb to the exalted virtues of Holloway's Ointment and Pills- which will effect a happy revolution in the patient's condition, though die symptoms of his disorder are legion and have obstinately withstood the best efforts of science to subdue them. • , » • « . BESBPACTOBS.—" When a board of eminent physicians and chemists announced the drs- Eoverv that by combining some welHawwi S l e remedies a most wonderful nurircme wis produced, which would cure such a wide nmgp ofdiseases that most all other remedies could be dispensed with, many were skeptical, tot proof of its merits by actual tad has dis- SldSl doubt, arid today the discoverer? of S r C t mcdicine, Dr. Roulc's Ax,™ Oo's Hop Bitters, are honored and blessed b) all as benefactors." Read. 