ALLAN QUATERMAIS'. BEIXG XX ACCOfXT Of 11 1- intlliElt AbvESTrREi ' ASD MSCOVEMES IS . ClWASY WITH SIR HEMtY CCHTIS, IIAHr.. CaPTAIN JOIIS U'JOD, H..W, ASP OSC fVlSLjl OCAAS. (Bv H. ItlOKll HaOCAIUi, AtTltOR OF " klso Solomon's Mines," "Dawn," ic.) Ex AJrica tvnpi? illiquid novi.' CHAPTER VI.— TUF. NIGHT V?EAKS ON. As may be imagined, at the/ very first sign of a Mnsui the entire population of the Mission station lind sought refuge inside the stout stone wall, und were now to he seen — men, women and countless claldren — huddled up together in little groups, and all talking at once iu awed tones uf the awfuiuess of Masai manners and customs, and of tlie fata that they had to expert if those bloudlhirstv savages succeeded iu gettiug over the stone walk Immediately after we had settled upon the outline of our plan of action as suggested by Untslopogaas, A!r. Mackenzie sent tor four sharp boys, of from 12 to 15 years of age, and despatched tlicui to various points from whence they could keep au outlook upon tbe Masai camp, with orders to . report from time lo time what was going on. Other lads and even women were stationed at iutervuls along the wall iu order to guard ugaiust the possibility of surprise. After litis the twenty nreu who formed his whole available fighting force were summoned by our host into the square formed by tlie house, and thetc, stliudiug by the bole of the great conifer, lie earnestly addressed them and our four Askuri. Indeed, it formed a very im pressive scene— oue not likely to be forgotten by any who witnessed it. Immediately by the tree stood the angular form of Mr. Mackenzie, one arm outstretched us he talked, and the other resting against the giant .bole, his bat oil, bis plain but kindly face clearly betraying tiie anguish cf his miud. Next to him was his poor wife, who was sea «d on a chair, her face hidden in her hand. Ou tho oilier side of iter was Alphonse, looking exceedingly uncom fortable, uud behind .Iter stood the three 'of us, with Hwslopogaas's grim aud tower ing form in the back ground, restiug, as usual, on bis axe. Jn frout stood aud squutted he group of armed men— some' with ritles iu their hands, and others with spears and shields — following with eager attention every word that fell from the speaker's lips. The white light of the moou peering in beneath the lofty houghs threw a strange and weird glamor over tlie scet e, whilst the melancholy suughiug of the night wind passing through the millions of pine uecdies overhead added u saJuess of its own to what was altcndy a suf ficiently tragic occasion. Men,'' said .Mr. Muckc-uzie, after ho bad put all tlie circumstances of tlie case fully uud clearly before them, ami explained tu them tbe proposed plan of our forlorn hope — "men, for years i have liceo it good friend to ye, protecting ye, teaching ye, guurding yo and yours from harm, und ye have prospered wi h me. Ye huve seen my child — the Watcrlily, as ye call her — grow year by year, ftom tenderest in fancy tu tender childhood, and lrom childhood on towards maidenhood. Kite has been your children's playmate, she has helped to tend ye wheu sick and ye have loved her." -We have," said a deep voice, "aud we will die to save her." . - 1 thank ye from my heart — I thank ye. Sure nut I that now; .in this hour of daikest trouble;, now that her voting life is like to bo cut off by crnel 'and savage men u-hoof u truth 'know not What tlicy do'— ye will strive vuur best to save her, and to save ute aud her mother from broken hearts. Think, too, of your own wives and children. If she dies, her death will be followed by an attack upon us here, and at the . best, even if we bold our own, votlr .houses irpit. gurileils will bo lies , troved, and your goods nud cattle swept uwav. I am, us ye well know, a man of peace. Never in all these .years have I lif ted Uiy hand to sited man's blood ; bnt uow I say strike, strike, in the name of God, Who bade us protect our lives and homes. Stvenr to me," lie went on with added fervour— "swear lo tue thut whilst u man of ye teinaius ulive ve will sitive your uttermost with me und with these brave white men to save tlie child from a bloody aud cruei dcuth." "Say no. more, iny father," said tbe same deep voice, that belonged to a stalwart elder of lite mission ; " wo swear'it. May we nud ours die the death of dogs aud our bones he thrown to the jackals aud tlio kites if wu break the cath ! It is a fearful thing to do, my father, so few to strike at so many, yet will we do it or die in the doing, ive swear " Ay," so say wc all," chimed in tho others. " So say wo all," said I, "It is well," weut on Mr. Mackenzie. "Ye are true men. aud not broken reeds to lean ou. And now, friends — white and black together — let us kneel and offer up our humble supplication to ihe Throne of Rower, praying that He m the hollow of Whose hand lie all cur lives, Who giveth life and giveth death, laay lie be pleased to mako strong our bauds that we mar prevail in wl.at aw.iils us at tlie morning's light." Aud he knelt down, an exntnplo that wu ail followed except Umslopoguiis, who still stood iu tlie background, grimly lcauingou his uxe. 'The fierce old Zulu hud no . gods, and worshipped uought. n u less it were his battle axe. ' Oh.Gcdcf gods!" -began the clergyman, his d(»p voice tremulous .with emotion, jec.hoiog.i|p 'in the siieucei'vea totlic leafy roof ; " Protector of .the oppressed, Refuge of those in . danger, Gnurdiuu of Ihe helpless, hear Thou our prayer ! Almighty Father, to Thee we come in suppli- cutiou. Hear Thou our prayer ! Behold, oue ewe lumb hast Thou given us — an innocent child, nurtured iu Thy kuowledge — aud uow she lies 'ueuth the shadow of the sword, in dnuger of a fearful death at the hands of cruel men. Be with her uow, oh God', and comfort herl Save her, oh Heavenly Father ! Oh God of batile, Who teachctli our bauds to war and our lingers to fight, iu A V hose hand lie the destinies of men, be Thou with us in the hour of stiife. AVhen we go forth into the tlmdow of deatli mako Thou us strong to conquer. Breathe 'fliou upon our foes aud scatter them ; luru Thou their, strength to water, aud bring tbeir high blown pride to nought ; compass us about with Thy , protection ; throw over its the shield of Thy power ; forget us not uow iu the hour of our sore distress ; help us now that the cruel man would dash our little ones against the -stones ! Hear Thou our prayer ! And fur (hose of us who, kneel ing now on earth iu health before Thee, sha'l at tbe sum is? adore Thy Presence ou the Throue, hear our prayer I Make them clean, oh Gud ; wash away their offences iu the blood of tbe Lamb ; t'.ud when their spirits puss, uh receive Thou them iuto the haven of the just. Go forth, oh'Father, go forth with us iuto the battle, as with the Israelites of oM. God of battles, hear Thou onr prayer!" He ceased, and after a moment's silence we j all rose, aud then began ou? preparations in | good earnest. As Vmslopoguus said, it was time to stop talking and get to business. The men who were to foim each little party ! were carefully selected, and stiil more carefully j and intuulcly instructed as to what v.as tu be ; done. After much cousiJcraticu it was agreed that the ten men led by Good, whose doty it was to slumped? the camp, were not to carrv fire-arms : this is with the exception of Good j himself, who had a revolver us well as a short sword— the Masai " sitae " wbich 1 had taken from the body of our poor servant who was murdered iu the canoe. AA'e feared ilmt if they had fire-arms the result cf three cross-fires carried on at ouce would lie that some of our own people .would be shot; be sides, it appeared to alt of us that 'the I'ubllihml by vpevlal arxaBKeatBU with the author ?U rights rcurvea. work Ihcy bad to do would best be carried oat with cold ste 1— especially to Umslopogaae, alio was, inuCi I, a great advocate of ccldf steel. We had with its four Winchester repeatiutr rifles, besides h: .If a dozen Martiuis. 1 armed myself with oi:-; of the repeaters —my own ; au excellent w -upon tut tins kind ot work, where great rapidity ut tire is desirable, and fitted with ordinary flap sights instead of the usual c lnrbersoinc slidiug mechanism which they gen -rally have. Air. Mackenzie took another, and tbe remaining ones were given to two of his nieu who understood the use of them and v -ere noted shots. The Mar tinis and some rifles of Mr. Mackenzie's were . served out, together with a plentiful supply ot ammunition, to ike other natives who wete to form the two part es whose duty it was to bo to open tire from -cpurute sides of the knt.il on tbe sleeping Afusr.i, aud who were fuituualefy all more or less accustomed to tbe use of a gnu. As for Tmslopogaas, we kuow how he wus armed — with nn u.- e. It may be remembered that, he, Sir Henr;- , aud the strongest of the Askuri, were tu ho;.! the thorn-stopped en trance to the krual against the anticipated rash of men striving toes -ape. Of c.arsc. fcr such a purpose i:3 (his gmi» were uselcss.j.Thcrdi;re, Sir Henry and the Askari proceeded to Srm themselves in like fashiou. It so happened that. Mv. Mac kenzie bud in his little store u selection of the very best steel English made hummer bucked sxe heads. Sir llenrv selected oue ot these, weighing about 2d pounds, aud very broad iu the blade, aud tlio Askari took another- a size smaller. After Uimlopogaas had put an extra edge ou these two ax.; heads, we proee.aed to fix them to 3 feet G he'lves, of wbich. Air. Mackenzie fortunately had some ia slock, made ot a light but exceed ingly tough native wood, somothiug like English ash, only more springy. .When two suitable pieces had beeu selected with great care nud the ends of ibe liuft notched to pre vent tlie baud from slipping, the axe heads were fixed ou them as liiiulv us possible, and the weapons immersed iu a bucket of water fur ball' an hour. The result of this was to stroll the wood iu tbe socket in such a fa-hion that notbiug short of homing world get it uut agaiu. When this important matter had 'bijou atteuded to by Cinslooogaus I went into tuy room, and proceeded to opeu a little 'tin-lined deal case, which hud ne t been uudou'J since wo left England, and which eoutaiued — what do yon thiuk nothing more or less thau four mail st.irls. It hud had happened to us three on a previous journey that we Lai made iu another part of Africa to owe our lives to iron shirts of native make, uud reinemheriug this I had suggested before we started ou our present hazardous expedition that wc should have some made to fit.usi 'There was a little difficulty about this, as armor making i; pretty well ait extinct art, hut they can do most things' in tho wuy of steel work iu Birmingham if they' ate put to il aud you will pay the price, uud the cud of il was that thev turned us out the loveliest steel slifrls it 1 is possible to see. The wcrkmausiiip was exceedingly line, tho welt beiug composed of thuu muds upon thousands of stout hut tiuy rings of the best steel made. These shirts, or rather steel- sleeved aud high-necked jerseys, were lined with ventilated wash leather, w'ore not bright, but browned like the barrel of a gun ; and mine weighed exactly seven pouuds, am! fitted me so well that 1 found cou'.d wear if foi days next my skin without being- chafed. Sir Henry had two,' oue uf tlie ordiuary ' make, viz., a icrscv with little dependent flaps, ineaut to alfoid some prolectiou to the upper purt of the thighs, aud auother of his own desigu, fashioned on' the pattern oi' tho garmeuts advertised as " combinations," and weighing 12 lb. This combination shirt, of wbich the seat Was male of wash leather, protected the whole body down to the knees, bnt was rather more cumbersome, i iUustnuch as it hud to be lace I up the buck, and, A of course, involved simie exiru weight. With M these shirts were what looked like lour btuwu K. cloth' travelling caps, with car pieces. Each of there cups wus, however, quilted with steel KB links, so us to afford a most valuable protection Km for the head. Km It seems almost laughable to talk cif steel Km shirts- in these days of bullet;' against' v/hieti Km they arc of course quite me less ; but wher a KM Oue lias tu do with savages, armed w iti«Hff cutting weapons, sueh as a-iegnis or htttt \Km' axes, they afford the mosl valuable prutcetioW' being, i: well made, quite invulnerable KmUo them. 1 have oiteu thought that'if Ouly mS, English Government had iu o.ir suvagc ;wK 'r . and more especially in tlio Zulu war, tiicKjm ', tit to serve out light steel shirts then. Km' . be many a mau alive to-day who, as it Km ' dead and forgotten. Km >n . n Wi>" A'e lo return: the prcscu: occajBW s,|irts blessed our foresight iu bringing !.- > ' aud also our good luck iu that they v gyi/j stolen by our rascally hearers wheu a.( with our goods. As Curtis had .\\\oU,C considerable deliberatiou, had made flw " " ." .MY- the ixtra to wear his cumbiuutiou oue luiurelflw .i - , . , . M. " Jiiutterot three or fuur pounds weight. bemMY . . ... . Yiiuproter.tiou no account to so strong a man, ami » . , afforded to tlio thiglis tieiii;' a i tUW 'ul,fr"lut ,, inarmed witn a matter to uu individual uot flM. . , , , , . . , , , , , , , MYtaat he should shield of any kind — suggested . . , , ,, .; . ,t . ''> who was to lend the other tinslcmogiuY f i .ii , .t r jBiff o. Ins post. He shure the danger and the g!ori»w n. » i , ,., -Yf ihe Zulu, who readiiv couseuted, aud caliciBW , . , , , . Yf ; which he came bearing Sir Ju-urv a . , . . „ , , ,. . Ym.hioii, with umi. uow fixed up satis®®, , , . , . ,,.i , , .... YrYlcct slurt, ano .ex- \V lieu we showed him ike ®W . . , . ... ,. , . Hfuten h:w to wear it, plumed to h,m that we » JJf(iuL hu ,iaJ be tu nrst uecJiued, say»uimw . . ana that was m lus owu skm ior 30 KK r » : . . r. »»> light tu uu iron uik\ not going to begin uow Hw . >. T a i x ' Miff y spt-'ur, and, spreading 1 hereupon I took a heaMW . ,. . r , .. t.\ urov, the spear dowu the shirt unou the UocM. . ,. 1 .. Mir rite wouuou r.to upon it with all mv Mto . , ' . j. ... . . « row upou tta bounding without eS7r , .. . \c a ? a t r...V)r- exhibition half cou- tempered steel. TIMY r i , , , .. . A po:n ed out htm verted mm: ana wIHff . . \ ... , Kl was that should how necessary itflRf f t. . , , , ' Mf Luhiuued prejudice ho nut nur old Mlft ... r / , M'fft ia tue way of a preeau? might possess stauMff ; , , ..f tx I A a Vttl uibu hfo ut a tlOil liiiijht pffyr . . , .. . M v i scarce, n:d ulso thut if tune wheu men . . . ' . . , t .i « M>fr 1:0 J'-'n'ht dispense with a wore si nffy . , . ' \- . , . K? nave both nee, he smeld, an so ni . mm u,ltl proceeded to invest his yielded at ouee.Mff. , ? . ma U the 44 iron skir. ' Aud, in- great frame wiMlr . . c,. T, , i i ui . mil nil ior Iitnrv. it hi ed deed, although... . ' ,, a v T il -kiu. ihe (wo tnen were the great ZuluMH , - . At , i a r mM : and, Curtis ulniost of a m3 t . i- > ... locket the humfi" luuu> am 10 thinlc real, the LrffJ" be'"« lb ' "HhoagU lie was , rouiMer. lie w'as not rca ly plumper unYl , . . ,. , , f b' re. v -Ma- ' arm' Lmisl'ipogaas-had, ' .' Yf '.v speaking, thin uruis, but they comparatiiflES ' ' ' mm rang as wire ropes. At auv rate, were as sirg i 1 , .... when tl-i'iBJ u stoa"' BNC m h'i!'d, invested ii ilr- liffll "" "'a '' ',l'lictl l"'K! k to tiieit , „) . . iKw""' ''k'' 11 wo1' a'avmeel. -howiug tii« ' '=ii "V- KB'- rv muEele and the euive of every swell ot line th'Km' !'jril:L' a T:'',r t,lut at;> ton might , , -Km tneeticg. shtmk I mm . , . , . It v EY UC" L' -v 0 c'c?k in !..: tnorumg, and i\KM ,p:ei tel,ortea ,llat' having druuk mm'" 01 le <-'xe'L '-od eater Hfas quantities of meat, the .Masai were auv-mW" r0K"'! tb'''r V;,U'!' lirt't '-ut xliat rentri Mm' b,iJ UtC" I",ile't -lt e,!,'h opening of tlie tra:ii m m "oi3'e! l'"'z added, was sit I ng uot fat frottiWs'' V'U" <"0l;tre of t:"! «' 'torn sido of th ma i;rau'" aui1 '-v '"' lvjre l1"' ''.iu io and the whi'tff# i'octe-'"' w,lich "'as teihercd 10 a px. IlerB1'81 Wm '""'uu" w'"' a rol1(!! and warriors w la lying about ail round Iter. there was absolutely ixtliiu : further tliaff® -'-'"'d 'je done then we ail t. ok some Bwp?r> nud weut to lie down for a couple ol homS '' b eou'd not help admiring tlie way in wlff«'c!' ol,i ltols'0Pf.igaas Huug him' Ii down BYea tlie floor, aud, uamindful of wLat was icing over him, instantly sank into a deep 6®».'cp. 1 don't know how it was with it .-other. He't 1 conld not do as mnch. Indeed, as is usual WiG» me on these occasions, I am torn to say that I felt rather friglilcnefl ; am), now thut some of the enthusiasm had gone oat of me, ami I began to calmly contemplate what we li.nl undertaken to do, truth compels mc to ail.1 that I did not like it. We were but 30 men all told, good many of whom were no doubt quite unused to light ing, and wo were going to tackle 250 of the fiercest, bravest, and most formidable savages in A tries, who, to make matters worse, were protected by a stone wall. It was, indeed, a mad undertaking, and what made it even madder was the exceeding improbability of . our being able to take up our positions without attracting the notice of tho sentries. Of course if wo ouco did that— and any slight accident, such as tho chance discharge of a gnu, might do it — wo wero douo for, for the whole camp would be up in a second, and our only liopo lay in a surprise. The bed whereon I lay indulging in those uncomfortable reflections was near nn opeu window that looked on to the verandah, through which came nn extraordinary sound of groauing and weeping. For a time I could not make out what .it was, but at last I got op, nnd putting my bead out of the window ttared about. Presently I saw a dim figure kneeling on the end of the verandah and beating liis breast — in which I recognised Alpbonsc. Not being able to understand his French talk or what on earth ho was at, I Called to him and asked him what he was doing. 'Ab, monsieur," he sighed, "I do muke prayer for the souls of those whom I shall slay to-night." " Indeed," I said, "then I wish that yon would do it n little more quietly." Alplionse retreated, and I heard no more of his groans. And so the time passed, fill at length Mr. Mackenzie called me in a whisper through tho window, for of course everything had now to be done in the most absolute silence. » Three o'clock," ho said, "we must begin to move at half-past." I told liim to como in nnd presently lie entered, aud I am bound to say that if it hud not been that just thou I had not got a laugh anywhere about me I should have exploded at tho sight he presented armed for battle. To begin with, he had on ft black Clergyman's swallow-tail and ft kind of broad- rinuncd black felt liat., both of which he had donned on ncconnt, he said, of their black Color. In his hand was the Winchester re peating rifle we had lent him ; nud stuck iu an clastic cricketing belt, like those worn by Fnulish boys, were, first, a huge buckliorn bandied curving knife with a guard to it, and next a long barrelled Colt's revolver. < All, my friend," he said, seeing rne staring at his belt, "younro looking at my carver." I thought it might come in handy if we enme to close quarters ; it is excellent steel, and many is the pig I have killed wiili it." By ibis time everybody was up and dressing. 1 put on a light Norfolk jacket over my mail shirt in order to have a pocket handy to hold inv cartridges, aud buckled on my revolver. Good did the same, but Sir Ileury put on nothing except his mail shirt, steel lined cap, and a pair of " veldt- sclioons" or soft hide shoes, his legs being bare from tho knees down. His revolver he strapped on round bis middle outside the armored shirt. Meanwhile Umslopogaas was mustering the men in the square under the big tree aud going (he rounds to sec that each was properly armed, &c.; At the last moment we made one change. ' Finding that two of the men who were to have gone with the firing parties knew little or nothing of gnus, but were good spearsmen, wo tool; away their rifles, supplied them with shields ami loug spenrs of the Masai pattern, and told litem off lo join Curtis, Umslopogaas, and the Askari iu holding .the wide opening; it haviug become clear io us that three men, however brave nnd strong, were too few for the work. , " CiuiTiiu VII. — A Si,,u'giiti:i: Gri:.i ash Great. Then came a pause, and we stood 1 here in flin chilly silent darkness, waiting till the moment rame to start. Jt was, perhaps, the most trying time of all — that slow, slow quarter of an hour. The .minutes seemed to drag along with leadoa feet, ami the quiet, the solemn hush, that brooded over all — big, as it wove with a coming fate — was most, oppressive to the spirits. I ouce re member haviug to get up before dawn to see a man bung, and I then went through a veri similar set of sensations, only in the present in stance my feelings were animated by that more vivid nnd personal element, which naturally ap pertains rat her to the person to he operated on than to the most sympathetic spectator. The solemn faces of the men, well aivare that the short passage of an itour would mean for some, and perhaps all of them, the hist great passage to the unknown or oblivion, tho bated whispers in which they spoke ; even Sir Henry's continuous nnd thoughtful examination of his woodcutter's axe and tho fidgetty way in which Good kept polishing his eyeglass all told the same tale of nerves sfretehed pretty nigh to breaking point. Only Umslopogaas,. leaning .as usual upon Jnkosi-kaisi and taking an occasional pinch of snuff, was to all appearance perfectly and com pletely unmoved. Nothing could touch his iron nerves. The moon went, down, for it long while site had been getting nearer and neater to the horizon, now she finally sank and left the world in darkness save for a faint grey tiuge in the eastern sky that palely heralded the coming dawn. .Mr. -Mackenzie sfood, watch in baud, his wife clinging lo his aim and striviug to stifle her sobs. " Twenty minutes to 4," tic said, " it ought to be light enough to attack at 20 minutes past 4. Captain Good bad better lo lie moving, lie will will want three or four minutes' start. " Good gare one final polisii to his eyeglass, nodded fo us in a jocular serf of way — which I could not help feeling it must have cost him something to nnis'erup — aud, ever polite, took off his steel lined cap to Mrs. Mackenzie and ntartcd for his position at. the hc.ul of tho kraal, to reach which lie had to m ike a detour by some paths knowu to the natives. Just then one of the hovs rame in aud re ported that every body in the Masai camp. with tho exception of the two sentries who were walking up and down in front of the respective entrances, appeared to he fast asleep. Then the rest of us took the road. First came the guide, then Sir Henry, Unislopognas, the Wakwali askari, aud Mr. Mackenzie's two mis- eiou natives armed with long spears aud shields. I followed immediately after with Alphonse aud five natives, all armed with guns, and Mr. Mackenzie brought up the rear with the six remaining natives. The cattle kraal where the -Masai were camped lay at the foot of the hill on which tho house stood or, roughly speaking, about eight hundred yards from tho Mission buildings. Tho first Jive hundred yards of this distance we traversed quietly indeed, but at n good pace ; after that we crept oil as silently ns a leopard oil his prey, gliding like ghosts from bush to bush and stone fo sfouc. When I had gone a little way I chanced to look behind me and saw the re doubtable Alphonse staggering along with white face and trembling knees and his rifle, which was at fall cock, pointed directly at the small of my back. Having halted and carefully put the rifle nt "safety," we started again and . all went well till we wero within 100 yards or so of the kraal, when liis teeth began to chatter in the most aggres sive way. " If you don't stop that I will kill you," I whispered, savagely ; for the idea of having all cur lives sacrificcd.to a tooth- chattering French cook was too much for me. I began to fear that be wonld betray us, and heartUv wished we had left him behind. "Cat, monsiear, I cannot help it," lie answered, " it is the cold." Hero was a dilemma, but fortunately I de vised a plan. In the pocket of fhe coat I had on was n small piece of dirty rag that I had used some time before to clean a pun with. " Put this in your mouth," I whispered, ngain giving liim the rag ; " and if 1 hear another sound yon are a dead man." I knew that that , wonld stifle the clatter of bis ivories. I must have , looked ns if I meant what 1 said, for ho instantly obeyed mo and proceeded with nn oily corner of rag hanging down his chin. Then wo crept on again. At last we were within 50 yards of thekranl. Between ns and it was an open space of sloping grass with only one mimosa bush nnd a couple of tussocks of a sort of thistlo for cover. We were still hiddon in fairly thick hush. It was beginning to grow light. Tho stars had paled and a sort of sickly gleam played about the east and was reflected on tho earth. Wo could see tho outltno of the kraal cloarly enough, land could also tnako ont the faint glimmer of tlie dying embers of tho Masai camp fires. We halted and watched, for the sentry we knew was posted at tho opening. Presently ho appeared, a fine tall fellow, walking idly up aud down within five paces of the thorn-stopped entrance. Wo had hoped to catch hira napping, but it was not to bo. lie seemed particularly wide awake. If we could not kill that man, aud kill liim silently, we were lost. Thero we crouched and watched him. Presently Um slopogaas, who was a few paces nhoad of ine, turned and mado a sign, and next second I saw him rt; down on his stomach liko a snake, and tnkiij nn opportunity when tho sentry's head was turned, began to work Ins way through the grass without a sound. The unconscious sentry began to hum a little tune and Umslopogaas crept on. He reached the shelter of the mimosa bush ttn- perccived and thero waited. Still the sentry walked tip and down. Presently lie turned and looked over the wall into tho camp. In stantly tho human snake who was stalking him glid.d on ton yards und got behind one of the tussocks of the thistlelikc plant, reaching it as tho Elmoraa turned ngain. As lie turned bis eye fell upon this patch of thistles and it scorned to strike him that it did not look quite right. He advanced a pace towards it — halted, yawned, stooped down, picked up a little pebble and throw it at it. It hit Umslopogaas upon the hend, luckily not upon the armor shirt. Hod it done so the ciiuk would have betrayed ns Luckily, too. that tho shirt was browned and not bright sleol which would certainly have been detected. Apparently satisfied that there was nothing wrong he then gave over his investigations and contented himself with leaning on liis spear aud stauding gazing idly at the tnft. For at least three minutes did he stand thns, plunged apparently iu a gentle reverie nnd thero wo lay in tho last extremity of anxiety, expecting every moment that wc should be discovered or thut some untoward accident would happen. Icoitld hear Alphonse's teeth going like anything on tho oiied rug and turning my head round made an awful face nt him. But I am bound to state that my own heart was at much tho same game ns tho Frenchman's castanets, while the pcrspiintiou was pouring from my body causing the wash- leatlier-lined shirt to stick to me unpleasantly, aud altogether in a pitiable state, known by schoolboys as a " bine funk." At last the ordeal came io an end. Tim sentry glanced nt lite cast, appeared to note with satisfaction that bis period of duty wa-' coining to an end — as indeed it was, once and for all — for ho rubbed his hands and began to walk again briskly, to warm himself. Tho momont his back was turned the long black snake glided on again, nnd readied the oilier thistle tuft, which was within a couple ol paces of bis return beat. Back came the sentry nnd strolled right past the tnft, utterly unconscious of the presence that was crouching behind it. Had he looked down ho could scarcely hare failed to see, but ho did not do so. He passed, and then liis hidden enemy eroded himself, and with outstretched hand followed in liis tracks. A moment inoro, nnd, just as tho KInioruu'" was about to turn, the great Zulu mado a spring, nnd in the growing light we could sec the long lean hands closo round the Masai's throat. Then followed o. convulsive twining oi the two dark bodies, nnd iu unother second 1 saw the Masai's head bent back, and heard a sharp crack, something like that of a dry twig snapping, and ho fell down upon the ground, liis limbs moving spasmodically. Umslopogaas hail put out all his iron strength and broken the warrior's neck. For a moment lie knelt upon liis victim, still gripping his throat till lie was sure that there was nothing more to fear from him, and then lie rose aud beckoned to us to advance, which we did on all fours, like a colony of huge apes. On reaching the place wc saw thai the Masai bad still further choked this entrance, which was abont 10 feet wide — no doubt iu order lo guard against attack, by dragging four or fire tops of mimosa frees up to it. So muck the better for us, 1 reflected ; the more obstruc tion there was the slower would they be able to come through. Hero we separated ; Macken zie and liis party creeping up under the shadow of the wall to the left, while Sir Henry and Umslopogaas took tlivir stations one on each side of the thorn fence, the two spearmen and tho Askari lying down in front of it. 1 and my man crept oil up tho right side of the kraal, whicli was about. 50 paces long. When I was two thirds up I halfed, and placed my men at distances of 4 paces from oncanotlier, keeping Alpliansc close fo me, how ever. Then I peeped for the first f ime over the wall. It was getting fairly light now, and the first thing 1 saw was the white donkey, exactly op posite to me, and close by it 1 could inako out little Flossie's pale face, sifting as the lad had described, roine 10 paces from the wall. Bound her lay many warriors, sleeping. At distances all over tho surface of the kraal were fhe remains of tires, round each oi" which slept smno live-aud-twenly Masai, for the most part, gorged with food. Now and then a man would raise himself, yawn, and look at the east, which had now turned primrose ; but none got up. I deter mined to Wait another live minutes, both tn allow the light to increase, s'o that wo could make better shooting, ttnd to give Good and his party — of whom I could see or hoar nothing— every opportunity to make ready. The quiet dawn began to throw her ever- widening mautlcover plain and forest and rivet — mighty Kenia, wrapped in the silence ol eternal snows, looked ont across the earth — till presently a beam from the unrisen sun lit upon liis heaven-kissing crest and purpled it -with blood ; tlie sky above grew blue and tender as n mother's smile ; a bird began to pipe his morn ing song, and a little breeze passing through the bush shook dawn the dewdraps in million! to refresh the waking world. Everywhere wa: peace and the happiness of ar sing strength, cvervwhere save in the heart of cruel men I Suddenly, just as I was nerving myself foi the signal, having already selected my man or whom I meant to open fire — a great fcilow sprawling on t' e grouud within three feet ol little Flossie — Alphonse's teeth began tc chatter again like the hoofs of a galloping giraffe, making a great noise in the silence. His rag had dropped out, in the agitation of his mind. Instantly a Masai within three paces ol us woke, and, sitting up, began to gaze about him, looking for tlie cause of tho sound, Moved bovoud mysolf, I brought the butt enc of my rifle down on tho pit of tlie Frenchman'! stomach. This stopped his chattering; but, as he doubled up; he managed to let off bis gur in such a manner that the ballet passed witbir an inch of my head. 