The Priest's Overcoat. 'HnniiT on, thin, Molly, asthore, or his rivoreuco will be gone, and we can't get buckled this day,' said Paddy Rafforty to a buxom, rosy-cheeked girl, trudging besido him. ' Sure, thin, Paddy, it's but nine and tinpence wo have got, and he'll never marry us under the pound. ' Well, agra, we'll give him the chance any way ; and sure enough, here we aro at the chapel.' They entered, the man looking sheepish, and twirling his hat nervously, whilst the girl, now that the decisive moment had arrived, walked with a free, firm step into the sacristy. Father Doherty was just preparing to leave. 'Hullo, Molly ! what do you want? Paddy, my boy, it's not thinking1 of marryineryou aro ? ' ho shouted, in stentorian tones. Ho was a burly man, red-faced and corpu lent. ' Shuro, thin, it is just that, and nothing else. Would you believe it, your riversneo, I havo como here to got tied to Molly ? ' 'Hum — hum — havo you the money ?' ' Woll, father, you boo I could only sorapo ?together nine and tinponco. We're poor folks, yer honour, sir, so perhaps you'll do it for that.' ' My fee is a pound, Paddy Raffevty ; well you know it, you ruffian. Not a penny less.' ' Oh, thin, father,' here put in Molly, plnintivoly, ' I pawned mo only other gown for threo shillings, and sorra a stitch I have, nor Paddy aither, except what we have got on us. Shuro you won't bo too hard on us.' 'Borrow it from some of your neighbours. I will not perform, tho ceremony for a penny less. Thoro, now, don't cry, there's a good girl. I'll givo you a quarter of an hour to raise the money ; so bo otf with you.' Ho seated himself in a comfortablo chair, took out his breviary, and was soon deap in prayer. After about 20 minutes tho pair retuvmd with radiant faces. ' Here, father, is the balance,' cried Molly, as eho triumphantly produced a bright half sovereign and two dirty coppers. Tho priest smiled benignly. 'Well, well, my ohildren, I am very pleased, indeed to be the instrument^ under Pro .-idonoe, of uniting you in holy matrimony.' Ho went through tho c*remony, and when it ?was over, Molly approached him timidly^ fingering something nervously. ' Am I married fast and certain now, father F'' sho asked, anxiously. ' As fast as Holy Church, can tie you, my child. Even I could not undo what I havo done. Tou'roPaddyKafferty's wife till death,' ho answered, benevolently patting her dark: hair. 'You're sliurs, father?' buo domaudod again. 'Certain. I'llswoar itif. you liko,' jooosoly. ' I wiuh you joy, my children ; and now I'll go.' ' Stop a bit ; I havo something foryoii. We are married safe now, anyway,' and here's tho t:oket for your honour. ' , Tho ghost of a flmilo ourlod Molly's full lips, and her black oyea twinkled mischievously liS she handed him tho paper sho had been fiddling with. 1 ' What tho— what is tho meaning of this ? ' asked Father Doherty Btn-nly. He turned to Raff city for an explanation. ' Shure, thin, father— would you beliovo it? — but Molly hero took yer honour's overcoat, and brought it down to ould Byrne, tho pawn broker, round tho comer, and, bo mo sowl, she popped it for tin and tuppence.' 