Social. Sin Henry and Lady Look, and Sir "William find Lady Clarke will be present on Wednesday next Daeembor 14, at the snared aonaort to bo given in St, Paul's Ohuroh, In aid o£ tho oholr funds, Tho principal features of the oonoort will'bo Mendelssohn's "Hear my Prayer" ivnd Gouuods' "Oh sing to God," Mr, W, J, Turnor will president tho organ, ? Loan «nd Lady Droghoda loft for Now' Xonlnhd yostoi'day, ' Lohtj and Lady Oarrlngton laft Sydnoy on Saturday1 oV,onlng, by special train for Moss < Yuta, i whore thay. purpose spondlng tho next few days, To-day ihla IBx oollonoy will proceed to Goulburn, for. the purpose.of laying tho JEoundatlon-stono of tho now hoapitnl In that oity, I'ho Governor and Lady Oarrlngton will return tb Sydmty on Monday next, , Tt(10 T'larl of Carnarvon will be ontdrtalnad at lun qhoon by tho Mayor of Qolllngwood to-morrow (Satur day) after his lordship hnsvlsltod tholodgo bearing his namo In that.olty. Tho Marl and Countess of Carnarvon leave for Sydney on Monday noxt,. , ' A cf KANu plain and farioydroMN ball will bo hold In , blio now Hibernian JInll, Bwanflton-stroofc, tindordl»« UugulBliod patronage on Monday .noxb. MuMi JoitN Mawnon, Oloyno, OhapoNstroob, St, Kllda, lias ltuuiod Irivltallona for a juvonllo funoy dross ball, to bo'hold on Friday uvonlng noxb; Doaombor HI; | Miw, Fairfax and MInh Dmulas ualludfrom Bydnoy yontorday, (Thursday) In tho Union Stoamar £oi"Auolc« land, and talco up tliulr runldoiiou at Clovornmont Hoimo thoro, wliloli ban boon plimoil at thu dlnpoiial ol! Admiral Fairfax for tint Hummer. Tito Admiral also loaves Hydnoy In tho Mohion, for Auckland, bub hopiw to ru« turn with tho llapaldp and tliu wliola lloot for tho Clon« touary oolobmtloiw In January, going bikik again to Now tfoulund lator. 1/ORD Oarrlngton is to bo ono of a patty slioitly proceeding on a visit to the sounds find bays of New Zealand. » . . , , . ■, . , , t • ■ , This Mayoress of Sydney (Mrs, Alban J. Riley) gave her linal reception at the Exhibition Building yester day, ; - Sir Robert Molesworth entertained a large party at dinner at'his resldonoe " Kdlington," Upper Hawthorn last Tuesday ovenlng. Tub Earl of Buckinghamshire loaves for Sydney on Tuesday noxt, 'December IB, Mrs, James Grloe gave, a ball at her residence, Vlo torla.Parado; on Tuesday evening. i , 1 Oartain Baldwin, who has hoen a prominent resi dent In Otago, Now Zealand, for the last 2il yeaTs, has taken up his residence In Queensland. Mr. JoW White, B.A., of tlio Dunodln High School/ was selected by.-tho Onirotq>gohdj)l^6oii!imitt(iot«-':'ottt of 13 applicants, for the posltiii|n>df head^master of the Outrfjra Sohool, New Zeajland', -j p qjt QP,7 •' i Mrs, Charles Officer, a\\)UaSyft^\ "Toornk, , has left Ijown for a fortnight for Dolman, ' Mr, Allerdale Grainger, ono of tho olovar notnbill tias of Adalnlde, who has boon for some tlma seriously 111, is again convalescent. , Mr, nnd Mrs, Arthur Blackwood, Toorak, give ft large dinner party to-morrow (Saturday,) • Sir Fukdjoriok Hamilton, tho Govornor of Tas mania, la very fond of fishing, On Thursday last week ho lift In his whalobont, to try tho tropt llshlng at Now Norfolk, but, owing to aalms and contrary winds ho only nrrlvod thoro late on Friday, having to bo In Hobart on Saturday ovonlng, ho sent hlaj boat back In tow of tho Monarch, and remained,at Now Norfolk Ashing with Mr, Douglas during Saturday, until tho departure of, tho afternoon train, Mil, ftnd Mm. Ohni'los Braaho, of ".OoblopK," Caroling abroot, South .,Yun- ft/' W0V0 s tho i'oalplohtH of ft jvovy • largo nncl planarint •• Surprlao' Party" on HMday lust, Daaorabor 2nd. ' t i'I'kw OhvlatoUiu'oh Lltovary CJlub (South Yawn) hold ' jiinothor of tholv onjoynblo aoalala in tho aahoolrooin, , Pun byroad, noxt Thursday,: Doaorabor Iflth at 8 p,m„ when A'Jlftruo'Atvd1 aomo- baUeam vivanti 'from Darnaby • Rudgo, Nlohohw Nlolduby, and Mncmuloy's "Lays of'Aholonb Uomon nooompanlod by doiibrlptlva roud inga,'wlll bo proaonbod. . .. '''''I :>i" V J i . i-'Mit, David Lou, bho alby organlut, has again takon . tip hja^ajHlddijaojln South Yam uftuv alapso of (Htoon .yoars, (ind ls iio\v looubod In Avooa- atroot, whoro Mr, 1,00 owna^oonaldarablo pvoporby, I ' | ( ; La'uy Olarlco will opon, oni.WQtlnosdfty noxt, .Dooorn Mth,'ab tho," Jfllluaboth FryJlotroat," ^rgo atroab, Soubji Yarra, a'aalo bf'* w6rk, oako/undflowori), Tha proouoda.ftro .to,ho dovotod to tho building fund,, . . I ! i|». i ; / • —\r- . \ , M t • I ( Sin Jamos Maobalti will prosldo at tho Hootoli Ool« logo Bpoooh Day, whlah talcos plaoo In thu Tumparanaa Hall, llUMHoll-tttroob, on Tuusday noxt, Duoombnr tilth. Mil. and Mrs. 0. Tuaon, ol! Hoolchamptou, IJuoom laud,'aro ab proMoub lu Tasmania, and will tako a tour* Iny holl.dAy fov. olghtoou months, ■ Thk 'J'oorak Harmonic Society will givo a concert at the Immigrants' Home, St, Kilda-road, on Tuesday evening .Dec.. 115, when an excellent programme of part songs, and solos, etc., will be rendered. Mri. F. 'SufHeld Hogg, manager of the North'Mel bourne branch of the Melbourne Savings, Bank, ,,has( maligned his position, having'acceptqd a more lucrative" poBt in an adjoining oolony. ,THE,ne^t pyrotechnic display, on the (Friendly .Socie ties' grounder ill be, given to-morrow evening. < i:i' • > '■ '* • : ' < '• '■ < ' V)n>n>'- '■ • 1 ' ' v ' THERE . was ; a large attendance at the Victoria Skating {Rink, South Yarra,on Monday evening, the occasion being the benefit of the employes, and closing of the rink for n brief period, during , which extensive improvements will be effected. Mbp. Croft gave a large garden and evening party at her residence " Butssbaoh," Eaaendon, on Saturday last,to oommomorato the twolfth anniversary of her daughter's birthday. The weather in the afternoon was all that oould bo desired, and over one hundred young guoBts partook of the hospitality of the hostess. Tho house and grounds were profusely doeorated with flags, Chinoso lanterns, and flowors. Various kinds of amusomont wore provided, but danolng on tho lawn to the fascinating strains of tho harp and violin found most patrons during the afternoon. In the ovoning dancing and other amusements were continued till 10 o'clock. IlofroshmoutB wore aorverl In a largo marquoo, for whloh Mr. Sklnnor catered. Miss Croft was the recipient of a largo number of birthday souvonlra. Avkby Agreonblo entortainmont took plneo at Mlaa Hatoholl Brown's on Saturday last, Docombor 8rd, consisting of a oako fair, salo of work, and Mrs, Jurloy'a waxwork?. Tin latter wore wondorfully car ried out, tho drosses and tho get-up generally, bolng tho unassisted efforts of tho pupils attending tho " Priory," The ohnrnotor of Mrs. Jarloy was sustained by one of tho teachers, a very talented lady, Her Impersonation was perfect, she and hot assistant keeping tho nudlenee in oontlnuod movrlmont by their bickering and re partee, Tho pictures presented wore very varied, both gravo and gay being sot on tho stage, Among thorn woro !—Pygmalion and Galatea (in our opinion tho gem of tho ovoning) ; throe little maids, a charming Japanese ploturo ; Madame Mquullul, a singer whoso voico always deserts her j tho Ghost Quadrille, a most uwo- lnsplrlng dance j Joan of Are, a vory pathotlo ploturo, where the maid, while bound to tho stake, raises her dying eyes to heaven, Prosperity and ad versity, a gipsy encampment, llluubunrd ami his wives, and tho Sleeping beauty were others, Tito object of thin entertainment won to pay for it school (library which Minn Hatoholl Drown ban latoly got out from England, and as tho inoniiy obtalnod wan utoro than tyvlcu that required, the buooush was groat llnar.olally. Tho frloiutH of tho puptlu niustorod In ■Utih numbom that many had to loavo without aoolng as much an thoy would liavo lllcod, After tho tableaux, Mian Nolllo Volt oh gave it rooltntlon, which wan thoroughly approolatod, and tho National Anthoin, played soon after in p.m., oloaod a most dollghlfui evening, Amongst thotio proaont Lady and Mian Miohlo, Dr, and Mrs, Mall'ey, Mr, and Mrs Otto Linden, Madaino Lobeim-Major, Minn Gregory, Mrs. Bandford, Mian Turnbull, Mm. J. L. CJurrio, Mm, Longmulr, Mm, Irving, Mm, 11. bettor, Mm. do Lltfclo, Mmi A, b, Wldto, Mrs, Oushing, Mrs, Clrolg, Mm, Summers, Mm, CJhapman, Mm, iloahua, Mm, J, Wittaon, Mm. Orovor, MIhs Hlddoioy,. M.m, J, Oainpbuil, Mm, Maoklnnon, Mm, I'lgott, and niimoromi other ladle*. M um, Grloe, J'lant Molbourno, gavo a most arltito oralio and /itHhionablo datitm at her reiildenoo on Tiuih day ovonlng liiHt, Tim ball-room wan prettily decorated with garlandM, and ban lew ut foliage and flowers, and ho mippor and the floor wriro all that oouhl bo thjyli'od. Herr Plock's band was in attendance, hud the guestB numbered >bout one hundred and twenty, amongst them being—the Earl of Buckinghamshire, Mr, Fort, Captain Keith Falconer, Mr. and Mrs.' J. G rice, Dr. and Mrs. Eyan, Mr, and Mrs, Alao'lkarpby, the ' Misses Andrew Murray, tho Misses John Simson, the Misses Colin Simson, Miss Bunny, Miss Watson, Miss Prell, the'Misses Mein, Mrs. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. George Fairbairh, M.r. C, Fairbairn, Mr. Hnllwnrd, Mr. Armiiage,'Miss and Mr. Oioaker, Miss Pencook, the Misses Chenery, Mr. Eoberts, Mr. Laye, the Misses ' Somners, Mr. and the Misses Fisken, the Misses Wilkie, ' the Mi&ses; Taylor, the Misses Armitage, Mr, Chirnsldc, j Mr. Wilkie. '/ ^ ^ '' i Mdmh. Moubhetie, ,'«• Obwerwyl," Bnrkly-street, St Kildn, gave a .most thoroughly suooessf nl theatrioal and musloai performanbe 'ijfe_ her resldehber ohFriday, evening last, the entire entertainment provided, being conducted by ber'pupils,' whlohj reflected 'great,. credit, in every way, both on tho teaohers and themselves* The audience, which was most'appreciative, was large and iashlonable. This Brighton Redrentloh Fnlr,in aid of the funds of the Brighton Recreation Club, was opened yosterday, Thursday, In the Town Hall, Brighton, by the Hon. Thomas Bent. The attendance was large, and the numerous sldo shows and other attractions were well patronised. Tho stalls, which wero excessively tasto-' fully deeorntod, wore praslded ovor by tho following ladles :—Mesdames llallantyne, Bont, Oaldwoll, Gair, Hurstou Marsdon, Mills, Munro, Moffatt, M'Cluro, Pullcn, Wallls. Wright, Wyatt, and Young, and tho Misses Oollis, Moifatt, Webb, and Wyatt, The ,J?alr will bo opon again to-morrow between,the hours of !l p.m. and (i p.m. and 7 p.m. and 10 p.m. v, Next Wednesday ovenlng, Deo. 14, the Rev, Isidore Myors, B.A., will repeat at the Atheniuum his delight ful lecture on " Amorlonn Humorists," which ho recently gave under tho auspices of tho University Union, and which was Tocoivod with groat favor by a largo Intollootual audlonoo, oouslstlng of graduates, undor-graduatos, professors, and leoturors of tho Uni versity. Tho looturo will bo Illustrated with oholoo soleotlons from tho works of Washington Irving, Oliver Wendell Ilolmus, Bret Harto, .fames Rusaoll Lowell, Artemus Ward, Josh Billings and Mark Twain. Tickets may bo had at Mr. Million's, Yjchtjckday ovenlng a banquet was hold In tho Masonic Hall In compliment to Mr, 11. Snldors, prior to his doparturo for ICurope. 'I'ho banquet was tondorod by tho Jewish Bhlhuithroplo Booloty, of which Mr, .Snldors was president for yoava, Many frlonds have availed thomsolvuM of tho opportunity of showing their respect for Mr. Haiders, wlioso numerous deeds of un ostentatious charity and aotsof klndnuss have ondoarod him ito the hourts of everyone with whom ho has boon brought Into oontaot, 30Ahi.v us Ik Is In tho link season, tlio gonorul exodus from Hydriuy of ludluii and olilldron t'or the mountains has oommonood, unci llowrul already IooIch like n smaller Sydney, mi many iwo the familial' i'noiiH ono moots In thu olinrmliip little mountain town. Tas mania lit bulnp |{lvon tho onld shoulder this nuaiion bo oauiiu of the small-pox, Our Vlotorlan health roeortH will, no doubt;, nlmilurly himollt this siimiiiiii' by tho Tasmanian small-pox noai'ii. Till! Ht. Ivllda mid I'rahrau Musical Hoolnty will pave tliulr IIrat, oonoort of tho present noason in tho ITahran Town Hall on Tuesday ovonhip next, Douom boi' (II, whim Van Itruo's olinrmliip unntata "Ht, Ooollla's Day," will bo performed by thu full atroiipth of thu .Society's choir, undoi' tho ooiiduotoi'shlp of Mr, Gordon Goooh, with Mm. Orr an aoooniiianlst, Thin will ooiiMtltuto tho llrst part of thu oonoort, and tho Hoootul will oonslst of pious, liitornpnrnod with solos, diiotts, wild part soups, as wnll as a pianoforte solo by mombors of tho Society, Adiiitssloii to tho oouoortii of this Bonloty hi by tlolcot only, which must bo ob tained beforehand, from tiio Jloib Huorotury, Mr, w. II. M. Hyslop, The Avenue, Windsor, any member of/the Society. No tickets ore I money taken at the doors, Thf, Exbibl'tion of Worn en a1 Industries audi nary Fair, which it is proposed to hold early I spring of 1888, at Sydney, has advanced so la| meeting of nearly 100 ladles was held last week* Sydney Town Hall, the Mayor presiding, who| Carrington was invited to become president! Barley, Mrs. Fairfax, and Lady Martin wore p| as viee-presidonts, and a oommltteo of 20 1 sonting various denominations appointed ns nn j tive committee, with power to add to their n| Mrs. Alban J. Biloy is hon. aeoretnry, nnd Stanger Leathcs and Mrs. M'Kay aTe the surers. IN our next isBue we shall be in a position nounce tlxe date of opening the Jubilee Skatlngf in Nioholson-atreet, Carlton, ' . MKsV'dreonJ of «| 3311erall<V'. Fltssroy, 1ms (ssi viifttiona 'ior a anojr '.dress 'Cinderella In the Ml Hail,' Cplllns-stroet, on Thursday next, Doacmbo] :!';TTTr— ■■■ I Messes. Frasor "and Co. Limited, announce nj aubdivislonal sale of the railway worskhops Newport, close1 to the railway station, to be ha morrow, Saturday, December 10, on the ground! property aonslsts of 81 business, villa, and of sltos, and Is well1 worth the attention of lnv| artisans, and others desiring a certain 'investment! I Messes, Munro and DallUeu will holdasalo] [ Alphlngton Hallway Eosorvo, on the ground,J j o'clock, to-morrow. This ostato Is In tho oontro phlngton and commands an oxoollont position, same firm will also to-morrow submit to auatlq tho ground, tho Klngsloy ostato, whlak Is oloso 1 IGlstornwiok railway station. To-mobeow week—tho 17th Instant—Meats. Itj Shovlll and Co,, will hold an Important mictions! tho ground at Mooro Park, OnulHold, Tho land | submitted, whloh, consists of thirty-four allotn aommnnds a full view of the bay, and occupies nl oollont position In tho district, Gllon Huntly sf within ilvo minutes walk of tho spot, and buso^ tho ground. The . Gaulflold tramway also passo land. Oh. W. A, Fleming, who has boon appointed suj of tho Dunodln Hospital, Is a son of Mr. Plonilj Ualalutlm, and raoantly took Ills dogroo at fidlnbj lie was a studont for two yoars at tho Otngn Ur slty, Alii, Adnm Lundollfl, a voeldoiit of llnlolutlm, (Ij loft proporty jU10,000 In vnluo. It lu fpmomlly roportud In wolUlnforiuod art In Knplund tluU Lord Dnlhauiilo, who dliid tluf uftor IiIh tJouutoH*, blow bin bmln.s out with ft i'"v| In n pnroxymn of fpdof. Tiim Auntriilian Stnr In tho now T'l'otootlon ov<j pnpurIn Sydney, « 