THE QAVEKOCKS. A TALE OF T1IE CORNISH COAST. IBy the Anther of "John Herring," " Mehalah," "Court Royal," &. •. | CHAPTER VII. A RACE FOR LIKE. " Bold the sheet. Con, ordered Bender Vavtrock, " and throw yourself to wind'ard as ballast. Whatever you do, bat one turn round the cleet. Many a score of boats hav e been lost by a double turn." The wind rose to a hurricane, the wave 8 piled themselves up, and their foaming crest 3 broke arainst each other. The day wai declining, but the dense cloudB made it dark before its time. All colour was gone out of the sea. Now the little Mermaid proved how good a vessel she was ; she skimmed the waves like a seabird, she danced on their crests like the mermaid that she was. A grim smile lighted the face of old Gaverock. He was proud of tiiB boat, and happy to be able to prove her powers. She was scantily provided with ballast for each a gale—only with Constantino laden with the stone jars. "Have the bottles with yon, lad. Take them over from side to side, said his father. H We mut keep on all sail we can." For some time he saw no more of the mysterious boat, but as he tacked he again obtained a glimpse of her; she also like the Mermaid was standing out to sea. The little cotter leaned over with the force of the wiad. the water rushed up before her bows, and at times swept her deck. For a moment the sanlight flared ont a parting ray from the weet, and, as the Mermaid swuDg np a great billow, the three men saw, to port, the strange boat, as if made of red-hot metal, glowing, glaring, the sail a sheet of flame, the men on board as men of fire. This was only for a moment Then the black clond descended on the sea, and night fell; but still for a while in the west a bloody streak marked the division between sea and thy. Rain began to fall heavily, driving before the wind drops that struck as hard as hail; it fell so thick that it cut off all sight of the land and of the horizon. The sea rose higher. The gale lashed at the eea, like a savage groom lashing a horse into a irenzy of fear and fury. The wind shrieked in the rigging, the water hissed and gulped about the boat, the whole air was full of roar, in which, now and again, came the thunder and crash of a plunging billow distinct from the general noise. Already had they been ewept by two or three seas, and' were drenched to the skin. The water foamed over old Tregellas, who sat forward, and, pouring over the deck, rushed out behind over the Squire. The other boat was near them—so near tkat they could have hailed one another had they been so minded. Another reef ought to have been taken in, bnt Gaverock did not like to confess himself beaten in a race—which was a race for life. Presently, however, when a furious blast sent them over so that the water wet half the sail, he was constrained to take in the second reef, and then, next time he caught sight of the phantom boat, he saw that those on board her had done the same. " Rum, Con! rum ?" shouted Gaverock, and passed the tin enp to his son, who removed the cork from one of the jars, poured out with shaking hand, and passed a jorum to his father, then drank himself, and finally handed the can to Tregellas. The spirit was needed; the three men were numb with cold, and wet to the bone. When the rushing rain held up, the light on TrevoBe Head was visible; but Gaverock saw that it was now impossible for him to make Sandymouth that night. The wind was ou shore, and he muBt run out to sea, and keep well out till break of day. This could only be done by constant tacking. He did not tell Constantine or David. There was no need for him to do so ; both knew it as well as he. Unless he could work out to open sea, the wind would carry him ashore between the hornB of Hartland and Trevose. If he could manage to run under Lundv, he could lie there all night, ready for return next day. Fortunately the gale was not from the northwest, nor was it dne west, but with a point or two to the south-west. The phosphorescent light on the black billows seemed to the Squire to break into lambent flame about the mysterious boat that shot by out of darkness and into darkness again at intervals. By this light he thought he conld distinguish the men on board, with their eon'-westers on their heads ; but as they were all to windward, and the boat keeled over steeply, he could see no faces. Their backB weie towards him, but he fancied that be eaw the man at the helm with a stake protruding from his back. That may have been fancy only. In the uncertain light, with the irregular motion of the boats, with glimpses caught casually between boiling seas, in the excited, Btrained condition of hia mind, Gaverock was liable to be deceived. Not for a moment did the old man's heart fail him. His spirits rose to the occasion. He had expressed a wish to race Featherstone's cutter. Featherstone had taken him at his word—the phantom ship was there, come at his challenge, at one moment fiery, as if the dead man and his boat had sprung to the challenge from the flames of Tartarus, black for the most part, as though drawn from the blackest abyss of hell. Presently he saw a mighty wall of water, as of ink, rolling on, with the blear light of the squally western sky behind it, showing its ragged, tossing, threatening crown, sharply cut against the light. Gaverock prepared to meet it, with firm grasp of the helm and set teeth. For a moment it seemed as though the Mermaid were about to cleave it —only for a moment, and then she swung np, all her planks straining, as making a desperate effort; then a rush of whirling foam swept the deck and streamed out of the lee senppers, as the boat lay over almost on her side. For a moment she staggered, as though | hesitating what to do next, righted herself, I and then went headlong down into the sea : trough, as though diving like a cormorant after a fish; and the walls of black water . stood about her, enclosing her as the waves ; of the Red Sea above the chariots of Pharaoh. | Whilst this happened Gaverock fancied he ' heard aery from the phantom boat, which he . conld not see, hidden behind the liquid monndB. Was it a cry of mockery ? or was it a threat ? He waited till the Mermaid had mounted a roller, and then he replied with a roar of defiance. It was no longer possible to carry so much Bail, and he reefed again—Out with reluctance. The fury of the storm seemed to grow. He dared not reef further, lest he should lose all command over the boat. . The spray cut and cross-cut the old Squire's face, as though he were being lashed with a horsewhip. The water poured off his shaggy eyebrows, blinding him. He dared not let go bis hold of the tiller even with one hand to wipe his face, and he bent his head, and smeared the brine and rain away on his sleeve. The rum was called [i or, and passed fre quently. Constantine suffered more than his father. His hands were numb and shook with cold. He was less accustomed to exposure than Hender Gaverock and David Tregellas. For a twelvemonth, at least, he had not been to sea. He was angry and bitter at heart with his father (for exposing him to discomfort and danger. He firmly re- 'soived never to go out with the old man Main, it would b? better fgr him to keep iftray altogether from borne, where he was tripped up, mocked, thrust into peril of his life by the inconsiderate. Belf-willed old man. Now he was afraid of losing the jars of ; j | spirits—afraid of a wave washing them away. Therefore he took off his kerchief and tied the handles together with it. They were already bound together with a piece of cord ; that cord he passed behind his bask, and the kerchief by this means crossed his breast, holding a jar in place under each arm. Thus, when he passed from port to staiboard he carried them with him without inconvenience. That was his first idea in thus attaching them about him, but his second was_that they might form a protection for himself in the event of his being washed overboard or of the vessel foundering. Featheretone'a boat—or that which Gaverock took for it—had been unseen for some while. All at once it shot by. Then the old Squire thought he could distinguish the faces of the men on board, lit by the upward flare of the phosphorescent foam. They were white as the faces of the dead. Not a word was spoken as they went by, though the wind \- lulled for a minute. The lull was but for a minute. A little way ahead through the darkness loomed on them a mountain of water, with a curling, hoary, spluttering fringe on its head. Gaverock steered direct at the billow, and the sail was eased as much as possible to help the little Mermaid over the watery heap. The wave came on as if on wheels, rushed down on them, shivering into specks of foam in all parts, on its side, as sparks blink out here and there in tinder; with a roar and a blow, It engnlfed the vessel and her crew. For a moment the Mermaid lay on jher lee side, as abont to keel over, then gathered herself together and righted once more. Gaverock heard a cry from the water. Tregellas waB overboard. "God be with you, David," called the old Sqnire, and said no more. Help was not to be thought of. Then he imagined chat he beard a loud, derisive laugh come to him over the water, tie could not see PeatherBtone's boat, but the sound came—or he fancied it came—from the quarter where she must be. Constantine was now alone in the vessel with his father. They had to manage her between tbem. The old man could not leave the tiller. HP held it with iron hand, though lambed with the cold, and with the fingers stiff, withont fceline, and contracted. Soon after, again, he caught a glimpse, but only a glimpse, of the phantom boat. The clouds had parted momentarily before the crescent moon, and a ray had touched this mysterious vessel. For an instant, an instant only, it shone out against the night and storm, ghost like, as if cut out of white paper and stuck against the soot-black background. G&verock;'s pulses smote his ribs ike hammere. He was very angry. Featherstone, the Rover, had revisited the world and the scene of his exploits, to have his revenge on the race that had compassed his murder. He was following the Mermaid, to watch and track to death the man and the son of the man who had spiked him. Gaverock looked about for, and with his hand groped after Constantine's gun. A foolish desire for revenge came over him. He would have liked, next time the strange boat appeared, to discbarge the gun at the helmsman. But he abandoned the idea almost as soon as it was formed. He dare not desert the tiller, and the gun was doubtless rendered useless by the water. As the night wore on, Gaverock lost all sense of time. Hour after hour had passed, but the night became no darker ; the storm, if it did not abate, grew no worse. Sometimes the clouds aloft were torn apart, and the Squire could look np at the stars and see tattered fragments of vapaur being whirled across the gap, which then closed again. At times driving storms of rain came on, and when rain did not fall the air was full of spondrift, Gaverock guessed pretty well where he was, and he altered somewhat the course of his boat. He was now, according to his reckoning, driving towards the Channel. He could see Lundy light at intervals, far away to leeward, but he had lost sight of that on Trevose Head. Gaverock's heart did not fail him, but he was less confident than he had been of reaching home alive. He took the peril without much concern; it was what must be expected by those who went out boating in dirty weather. If he were drowned, well—it could not be helped. All mnst die. But he was vexed that he had not been able to keep his word, and run home to Towan in spite of the gale. Strange to say, the feeling that prevailed in him, and nerved him to battle with the tempest, was rage against Featherstone. He had dared Featherstone to race him, and Featherstone he saw would beat him, and be able to exult over the wreck of the Mermaii. Not a thought did he give to Towan, to his wife, to Gerans: his one absorbing consideration was—how to disappoint Featherstone, his one consuming ambition was—to come off with life and with an unwrecked boat, not for his own sake, but to defeat and disappoint Featherstone. Between three and four in the morning, as the dawn was beginning to lighten, Gaverock saw again a mountain of foam before him, so white, so broken that he feared he was fallen among breakers : next moment he recognised his mistake. No rocks were there, no (sandbank, What he saw was a mountain of seething foam, the clash and churn of angry waves that had beaten against each other in a cross sea, and had resolved themselves into a heap of milky brine, that worked and hissed throughout itB substance and over its face. The Mermaid went in, and for a moment or two Gaverock and bis son were holding their breath, submerged in seawater. When the Mermaid came out, she lay keel uppermost, and the old man and Constantine were clinging to her tackling and floating in the Bea. Gaverock was pre pared for this. He had not lost his presence of mind. He hacked through the shrouds on the side, BO as to allow the mast to float, instead of working underneath her. Then, using great exertion, he scrambled upon the keel, and Constantine did the same. There they sat, in cold and wet, gripping the bottom of the boat with hands and knees, covered every few minutes with the waves. Constantine found that his powers were tailing. He could hold on but very little longer. There was only just sufficient light for them to know that the night was changing to day. Constantine pulled the corks out of the jars one after the other, and poured forth their contents, then he corked them tightly again. Would it not be well for him to pass one of the jars to his father ? To do that he must unknot both his kerchief and the cord, and his hands were too numb for this. Besides, it was doubtful whether a single jar would suffice to float a man. He looked at his father. The old man had strength and endurance in him yet, and ConBtantine had neither. Besides, the father had run him into this great peril, not he the father. In common justice, therefore, the risk should fall heaviest on the old man. " Father!" he called, " I can hold on no longer." "Then let go. in God's name. I'll give your respects to mother." At that moment a great roller Bwept over both. As the boat came out, Gaverock saw the strange vessel, with the dark figures in it, shoot by. Then be looked along the keel— Constantine was gone. The old man's heart beat, not with sorrow for his son, not with fear for himself, but with anger that Featherstone Bhould have witnessed, and be exulting over, the loss of his servant and his son. " I will not drown. Golly I I'll spoil his sport yet," shouted Gaverock ; and he took the great knife wherewith he had cut through the cordage, and with it he worked holes between the wood and the lead of the keel, into which he could fit his fingers, dead and frozen through they were, but still with the cling in them, set as claws. Gaverock could no longer sit np; he lay hia length on the keel, with his red face on one side, and the crimson kerchief dripping, hanging loose round his neck—it had Deen washed off his head—dragging behind him. The day was lightning. Gulls laughed and fluttered over the wreck, then plunged and shook their wings about the clinging man, regardless of him, knowing his inability to injure them. The wind was certainly abating but the waves still tumbled, and bounded, and shook themselves into froth, and filled his ears with a sound as of a roar out of infinite space, a roar that would never end, a roar inarticulate and all- pervading. And a sense came over him of cold and weariness—of cold that no heat would ever thaw, but which was so cold as to chill and put out all.fire—of weariness that would never grow leas", and that no rest would ever refresh, but which also would continue the same, n^yer becoming more acute, a dead weariness, with a threat of eternity penetrating through it. But with all, in spite of cold and weariness and noise, his will never failed — that remained un- flagging, nervous, iron. Overhead, pink flashes appeared among the clouds, like the flowers of tamarisks scattered about the sky. His eyes saw neither the colour nor the light. He had no power to observe anything, he had no thought for anything, no wish but one. " Featherstone! Featherstone! I'm not done yet, and I won't give way," Then indistinctly, out of another world, he heard voices, then he became conscious of something not cold and watery touching him. Gradually he came out of his far-off realm of cold and weariness and numbness to the meeting place of a world of warmth and action and life. He heard human voices, he felt himself caught by hands. But he clung the more fiercely, tenaciously, to the keel. For a moment his senses went, then came again, brought back by the fores of his dominant yiii. The Mermaid was washed ashore in Bale Haven, and he was in the arms of living men. He looked round, and saw sand-hills. He tried to cry out triumphantly, " Feather- stone ! not beaten!" but his voice and his consciousness failed him. CHAPTER VIII. THE .SHADOW OF DEATH. On the third day after his interview with Constantine in the Iron Gate, Dennis Penhalligan walked up the coomb and over the hill to Towan. He had heard that Gaverock aiid his younger son had gone to sea in the Mermaid on the morning of the storm and had not returned. His sister was white, redeyed, and tremblingwith excitement and fear. She entreated him to get the last news for her, and relieve her alarm or confirm her worst anticipations. On reaching Towan, he saw a shaggy horse in broken harness patched with ropeand string attached to a gig with torn splash board, and wheels without paint on the tires and paintless halfway up the spokes, standing before the door, with & rough boy, almost as wild as the horse, and in clothes as torn and rudely mended as the harnese, seated in the gig, flicking the horse with the whip for diversion, without allowing him to leave the door. Dennis went by into the hall. There he saw Gerans, who held out his hand to him without speaking. The doctor heard a sound from the adjoining parlour like the wailing of the wind, then words followed, which he could not hear, though he knew the voice to be that of Rose, and then again a fresh burst of wails. Gerans held his face averted. " Look at that, Dennis," he said, pointing to a letter on the table. " Poor Con is lost." Dennis took up the letter and read it. It was in the scrawling hand of the Squire :— " Gerans—I've sent a boy with a trap for you from Bude, he iB to change horses at Camelford. You are to come back with him, and bring along with yon two fresh jars, empty, for rum. The others are lost. I'll fill them on my way home. Very sorry to say that Tregellas and Con were drowned, but the Mermaid is'ali .right—came ashore into liudc flavcn, keel up, and I astride thereon; to the Mermaid was no derelict, and, I'm thankful to add, no wreck neither. Very little wants doing to her, and you and I will brine her back to Sandymouth. By the time yon are here I reckon she : ll be ready for sea again. So am I. Sorry about Con. Tell your mother not [to be a fool, and cheer up" Dennis laid the'Ietter on the table. " This is all; you know no more " Nothing but what the boy has told us. My lather came into Bude Harbour yesterday morning on the Mermaid, clinging to the keel, unconscious, or nearly so, ani poor Con " GeranB' voice broke do tvn, and he went to the window and leansd hia elbowe on it, looking out, and putting his hand to his eyes, and pretended that something was tickling them. "Poor Con," he said, after awhile, 11 was washed off far out to sea. He told f&ther; ne could hold on no longer—he was overcome with cold and exhaustion. Tregellas had been carried off the deck earlier, ilv mother !—my poor mother!" Dennis respected his sorrow, and was silent for some time. At last he said in a low tone:— " I am very grieved for yonr mother and yon—very. Yon have my warmest sympathy. You are going to Bude now, I suppose?" Gerars nodded. "I want to know one thing before yoa leave. Did your brother say anything particular to you or your father before starting on this disastrous expedition - ' " Say anything ! What do you mean ? He said ' Good-bye'—nothing more. He had no idea that the crnise would be dangerous " " I do not mean that—I mean about Loveday." " Abont Loveday!" repeated Gerans with unfeigned surprise. " No; what had he to say ?" " I mnst tell yon now, Gerans. If this had not happened, you would have heard it from his own lips before to-day. I had his promise to reveal it." Yonng Gaverock turned and looked at him with a puzzled expression. "It can be nothing of consequence now, Dennis,'' he said. " Yon can tell me some other time. I most be off to Bade to meet my father." " No, Gerans. 1 should wish you to know all at once before yoa see him. Yoa are regretting the loss of a brother—I of a brotherin-law." The young Squire stared stupidly in Dennis's face. He could not take in the meaning of his words. "Do you not understand me?" said the surgeon. "Constantine had married my Bister." " Nonsense !" Gerans blurted forth. " You are dreaming." "It is true. When Loveday was in Exeter, last spring, Constantine wrongly persuaded her, and she weakly allowed hereelf to be persuaded. They were married, but I did not know it till threB days ago." " Impossible. My father was not asked." " No ; your father was not consulted, nor was L The thing was done secretly. Your brother acted in a moBt dishonourable ' "He is dead," said Gerans, holding up his hand. " True ; but when I think of this my blood boils. No one's consent was asked. They were married, and parted. She returned to me; he remained at Exeter. Months passed, and the secret did not leak out, though I suspected some thing was being kept from me. I read it in Loveday's face. I saw it lurking in her once so honest eyes. 1 taxed her with concealment, but she would confess nothing till the return of Constantine. Then all came out." " When?" " When ! Why, in Porth- Ierne." Gerans said no more. He looked ;down, greatly troubled. " Now," Penhalligan went on, " I ask whether Constantine had told your father before he started on this nnhappv sail?" "Iam sure he did not. My father would have been so disconcerted, he would have spoken about it to every one. My father gives utterance before all the world to whatever passes through his mind." " You will ascertain, when you see the Squire, whether he was told this on the cruise ?" " I do not think Con would tell him then, with old Tregellas in the boat." "Then you must tell him as you return with him." Gerans shook his head. 'Don't force me to do that—at least, not now, with this trouble on us. Father will launch out in angry words against—againBt poor Con ; and I cannot bear that—not now, at least. He never cared for Con as did my mother and L Con was my brother with only a year between us, and we grew np together; we were daily companions and the best of friends. My father never understood Con's superiority—he had far more brains than I have. No, Dennis ; let this lie quiet for a few days. It weuld heighten my mother's grief." " It must be known speedily." " Why so?" " Because I will not have it remain hid." " What good will it do ?" " It must come out," said Dennis firmly, Geranp sighed, and held out his hand to him. " Well, old fellow, you think of a sister—1 of a brother. Of course you are right, but give us time." Penhalligan saw Gerans drive off, and then he stood hesitating. Should he go directly home aud tell his sister what he had heard, or should he first try to see and speak to Rose ? The spell on him was too strong for him to be able to break away. Being at Towan, he must have a glimpse of her face. He knew that she could not be his, because the happiness would be too great for such as he, born under a fatal star, without a chance; yet he could not muster up the moral courage to keep away from her. He craved to see her, as an opium-eater craves for the drug; but the eight of her, instead of soothing, tortured him. He lingered at the door, with one foot on the step, his eyes on the ground. He had a walking-stick in his hand, and he scratched signs with the ferrule in the earth. " Why should I see her ?" he asked. " The sight of her will make me miserable. But I shall be miserable if I do not see her. Why can I not tear myself away from this place and go to the other end of England? I cannot. My sister is dependent on me. All I had is sunk here, and here I must sink also." He raised his dark eyes, full of threatening light, towards heaven, and muttered, " Thou writest bitter things against me." Then at the door appeared Rose, looking pale and frightened, the laughter and light washed from her eyes. " Mr. Penhalligan," she said, " come, come quickly, and see Mrs. Gaverock." In her eagerness she caught him by the arm, and drew him after her through the hall into the little parlour beyond that opened out of it—the one room that had a window with a southern aspect. Mrs. Gaverock was there, crouched on the floor against the window-frame, her grey hair dishevelled and falling down her back. She put her hand over her face and forehead and through her hair with a curious mechanical motion, and with the other hand pointed to the window-frame, on which were little scratches and dates. " Con !" said the old woman, " little Con ! so high. Four years old to day. Little Con ! BO high, five yeare old to-day!" and she pointed to another notch or scratch. " My Con, my pretty boy, my pet, my darling, so high, six years old— that is—how long ago ?" She put her trembling left hand to her brow and shook her head, and brushed hei* forehead, and, unable to solve the question, went on— " What a brave, pretty fellow, so tall for eight—no—where was I I must begin again, with the first score that was drawn to-day when he is three. Con ! little Con! four years or three years ?" She put her hand to her head. " Help me! which is it ? Little Con, pretty boy, four years old to-day, and so high." She turned round, pointing, and looked at DenniB. Her eyes were dazed, " Miss Trewhella," said the young doctor, " go at once for assistance. You must take Mrs. Gaverock to bed, and she must be bled." That was the panacea for all ills at the time of which we write, " Miss Rose, I will go home immediately, and return with my instruments and a composing draught. The shock haB been too much for head and heart." When he had seen the broken-minded and broken-hearted mother taken to her room, I Dennis hastened home. I At his garden gate, before lie reached the 1 house, he Baw the figuie of his sister standing looking up the path expectantly. I She was able to read nothing in his face as he came up; she took his arm, and looked questioningly into his dark lowering eyes.* " Pas de chance," he said, " for us aad for all with whom we are brought in contact. Mrs. Gaverock ie ill; I must return at once to Towan and bleed her." Loveday's lips quivered and her eyea became dim. She feared the worst. Had her brother good news he would not have tantalized her. He would have communicated it at once. " Mrs. Gaverock has had bad news, and it has crushed her, mentally and physically. I doubt if she will rally from it. Her heart was set on one object, and—of course," he said these words with concentrated bitterness, " that object is taken from her. Loveday, there is but one lesson life teaches, care for no person and nothing. Be without a noble hope, without a great ambition—be as a beast, ana rollick through life, and then life opens and laughs in response. Demand of it anything but what is common and base and you curae yourself with a career of misery." Loveday's quivering hand was in his, her swimming eyes on his. " Sister," he said, " I have been told that the vulgar oyster when born has got eyes, and a faculty of seeing through them the world, and light, and colour, and beauty. Bnt the silt gets in and frets them away, and little by little it loses Lits eyes, and light and colour and beauty are no more for it, o tly a base, mud-life under water. The eyes were only given it that they might be taken away, and the remembrance of light be to it a lifelong repining. Every faculty we have is given ns as a vehicle for suffering. Love, desire, cling to anything, and that thing ia taken from you. There ; go to your room and cry. The blieht is on you. Constantine is dead." But she did not go. She grasped his hand tighter, and said, " I have steeled my heart to hear this, Dennis. I acted very wrongly and Constantine very foolishly. That is over. Let the past be past. Let the whole secret remain a secret." Now it need be known to none but ourselves. . I can weep for him in my own chamber; 1 do net care that the world should know why."' 