THE BRASS-BOUND CHESTi v BR LcY BLAXRE. Flakes of snow- iere hurrying. through-the airand falling on the chrysanthemums and faded' hydrangeas in the garden at Fendall Court. -Snow was a rarity in this humid, mid-south of Ireland climate, and thefeathei y atoms fluttered about as if all astray, and seemed as shy of--lighting on the trembling last tokens of-the autumn as the frost-touched flowers were loath to receive them, A pair of bright eyes watched the gather ing -storm fromt a window set deep in the stone wall of -the house. Though Gladys Luttrell was eighteen years old, the sight of .snow was still fascinating to her. 'I will go out and make a pile of snow Sballs to attack Rex as he comes through the gate ! What fun I' she exclaimed, flying away to her little room to make ready for the adventure. One farewell glance in her mirror showed her bright -grey blue eyes sparkling with pleasure, the delicate color of her cheeks heightened - to a rich hloom, and her gold brown hair straying in ravishing little curls beneath her far cap. ,With her lovely fresh face to glorify it, her dress, with its many undisguised darns, seemed the perfection of a cpstdme. As she left the room she picked Supfromn the sofa a little muff imade of a phea sant's breast, and presseil it t- her lips. The foolish little girl frequently wasted a . kiss on this mutT, for Rex hald shot the phea : ant to make it for her, and had it lined with \- a'soft white rabbit skin. A trilnniing of .-- pheasant's -:.athers ornambented the tighlt fittin; jacket she wore, and hid all the shabby edge., giving her quit:- the air of a Russian priciss--,o Gladys said. She hirried dowvn the stairs, and nout into the long, windling avenue, amid the fine old trees of which she soon vanished. stopped for an ins*ant hetween the headless stone linms guarding the gateway to get rid of a liiberal handful of snow which some rosy fingers had sent flying down the back of his neck. ' You shall pay a penalty for that, miss, when I h:rve time to think of the pun ishment I can inflirct.' ' Rex, your laugh is only on your lips, and your eyes are quite sadl : what is the matter dear ' Gladlys asked. ' Before you saw ne I noticed how sad you looked ' _ our are right, Gladys. T have get the very bluest of blues; and since you have sur prised perti of my secret, I may as well tell you alL' Gladys' arm stole through her lover's, and they retraced their steps to the house, Gladys burying her hands in her muff, and fixing her eyes sorrowfully on the ro:l. ' Three months ago.' exclaimed Rex, 'a fellow in Rockdale told me a story upon which I rebuilt my half-dead hopes. He said -he had received through a friend news which he thought would prove to a certainty the death of Herbert Fendhall. I invested the matter eagerly and joyfully enough, as you may imagine, but I found the whole story as baseless as the many others which have misled us. I made a solemn vow to myself that if this last quest ended in nothing I would. abandon all hope, of seeing myself righted in this country, and would seek a new career for myself. 1 am going to Aus tralia.' 'Oh, Rex !' If the young man had declared that he was going to take his own life, Glady's could not have exhihited more distress. S And you could go that loni journey away \- from me ' she said. r.ploachfulny. .. Gladys, don't make it hardelr for me than it already is ' exclaimed,, Rex, with a catch in his voice. 'My darling, it is for you that \- go. W e can never-r mar'ry on the pittance Iget here, whereas in Australia I could in a I few years make eneugh to huy the dear little cott~ge we so often talk albout; and you could have the pair of pnies with rough tails and manes which you decl:re you dream about so frequently.' 'Or, perhaps, if yon made a forlune, we Scould continue to live a;t Fedal Court, re storlng only a little lit of it, yoen know,' snid GlaJys, entering into thl, spiri t of her lover's project with surprsinz hriskness, considering Sher desrpair of the inmo;enr, before. 'The dear nl! ptee; How I should like to restore a little lit of its past glory to it l Bdit I'mn afraid that wifl never be,' PRex remarked, with a regretful s?i(i. SRex, do vou know that New Years' Eve is close at hand, and we are downcast and forlorn I It is really very wicked not to have a smile for the last days of the old year.' ' Your e-:es are full o& tea;' as yon speak, you little hum?,ng ,Y neclare,, her lover, re garding he- tn,!ol !v. ' Beeaus- I think of your going so far : cross the -ea. rTh, Ve.:, ":ex, it is cre.utfl . Sshnld n rver havnt".,i. nrouage to part with on when the time cam,: you dea-l old boy ? It will not he for three months yet ; the spring is ,the time to start on such a jouriney.' ' Three months ! That seems a long time, Perhaps something will happen before then to mnake you change your mind.' ' You old gray walls, why will you not tell iyour secret and let me stay with my darling Gladys, my promised wife f' exclaimed the young man, suddenly raising his clenched fist towards- the ivy-grown windows of the Isouth wing of Fe~ldall Court, now visible through the trees. ' ush, R£'x, dear I' Gladys whispered in Sawe- stricken tones. ' In that room where the ivy hangs thickest over the window Her hert Fendall was se-en for the last time. His ghost will haunt you if you talk and look so' 'I wish I could see his ghost; and then' I should know for sure that he had departed this life.' ' You couldn't make the lawyers believe in your ghost-story any more than in the other more probable tales you have told them.' ' True-alas, too true ' acknowledged ?e?. SNow, R,'x, let us put doleful thoughts out of our heads for a time, and try to he cheerful for New Year's Eve-for Aunt Letitia's sake, and because it is right,' Gladys 1 said, with ah attempt attempt at cheerfulness she was far from feeling. Tourists on jaunting-cars often drove through the denesne of Fendall Court in the spring and sumnirnr ; itsdlong sweep of avenue with over-arching trees, and the wilderness of greenery beyond. was a strong temptation to lea;e the dust'- high.'av ; and od Tathury, the gatek-'p-r,- had orders to allow any re pectable-looking vehicle to entr-r. ' What possiiilities there are in the place, with proper care ; but it would take a fortune to put it in ordelr. See that beautiful sweep of lawn-a rank wilderness! Look at the statues, broken and weed-grown ! And the lake is nothing but a vast green waste.' 'True for you, tour honor. It is but a s rry old pliee now ; but twenty-five years ago, when I was a lad, there was not a finer or Letter kept estate in all the country round.' 'The house is vacant.' 'No, your honor. Some of the Fendalls live in it still ; but they have only now ha'pence where they once had guineas; and they can make but a sorry fight against poverty and the rack and ruin around them.' I' am sure the place has a history !' It has, your honour. ' Re?ate it, Patsy. You are undoubtedly a good storv;-te ller.' Conversations of this sort took place be tween t'w ca.r-driver and his fare whenever a stranger was taken through the estate ; and Patsy, a renowned whip of the locality, when asked to tell the story of Fendall Court, was very happy. Uulike most of his class he he!d to facts, and allowed his imagination no play in his simple recital. 'Thirty years ago, your honour,' he would hegin, ' yonder house was the scene of merry makings and festivities such as are told in fairy tales, every horse in the stables had a pedigree, the table groaned with dainties from foreign parts, and the ladies had their satin gowns over from London and Paris. 'Sir Herbert Fendall, a bachelor of twenty four, was Lord of the Manor then. A fine haindsomne gentleman he was, but rather strange in himself-not like other folk ; and they do say that the poetry he wrote would just bring tears to your eyes. Sure every S, sl m ut never . would he look at except Lady Irmentrude Mowhiray. She was staying at the Court; and you maysay she was a real beauty looked like the young lady, Miss Luttrell, that's living at Fendall now, Molly Brady save. Their families were related, so that it was not so surprising. The housekeeper once showed me Lady Irmontrude's picture in the big drawing-room, and faith, sir, i never see such a sight! Her eyessmiled right down on you, and you'd think the sun itself was caught in her golden hair, while her neck, coming up out of her green gown, looks jut like them lilies over beyant. ' Well, sir, it was plain to te seen that she would marry Sir Herbert; fond enough they were of each other, and a fine, well- niatched pair they were. So it went on till Christ mnas time, when there was a fox hunt. All the quality from the Court followed the hounds with a crowd of people from all the country round. It's well I remember it, though I was but a bit of a gossoon then. Sir Herbert rode close at his lady's side, but not much of the hunt did they see, for they looked only at each other. ' Well, sir, after the hunt there was a great hall in the evening, When it was time to dress Sir Herbert went up to his own room, and, if you believe me, from that time-now thirty years ago-till this he was never seen nor heard of. Long and wenry was the search they made for him all through the country but never a trace could they find of him; and God only knows what has become of the Lord of Fendall. 'Lady Irmentrude grew thinner - and whiter every day, until she looked like one of them lilies thirsty for a drop of r.in. Many a year she fought with the bitter sorrow in her heart, hoping that Sir Hebert would comeback, hut at last she went into a convent and died ten years since. May her soul rest in peace ? ' Well, as you may suppose, sir, there was great talk in the country about what should he done with the Court. They could not be sure that Sir Herbert was dead, and so the next heir could not have it; and at last the lawye rsput the case in Chancery, where it is to this day.' ' Maurice Fenrall-he was the next heir and Sir HIcrhert's uncle-came to live at the Court; but he couldn't take the title, andt never a penny could he spend of the rents, evn to ketepup the place ; so it has gone to rack and ruin-a sore sight after the grand old place af long ago. ' Maurice Fendall died and left a son--Mr Riex-as flue a young gentleman as you'll find anywhere, With the help of God, he'll come into his rights yet, maybe; but sure it's hard on him to know that he has thousands in the bank that he cannot touch in his Mr Rex's aunt Miss Letitia Fendallr, lives at the old house with one or two servants, !where in o!d times t!:here were twenty. Slhe has a little lbit of .mney of her own, and it's wll s.be has, for times are hard withl them. There is a beautiful young lady livirng with her; Miss Giadys Luttrell; maybe you'll re .. member, sir, I told you she looked like Lady frmentrude's picture? Mr Rex is in an office in Dublin, but comes hone sometimes, They do say he is in love with Miss Gladys, but sure prople can't marry on love alone, and there isn't much else for them now. 'But the strangest thingof all, sir, is about an old crazy woman, Rachel Bray, She lives at the Court, and many a one thinks if she was right in her head and could tell, she knows something about Sir Herbert. She came fi-st to Fendall as maid to Lady' lrmen trude, a hadsome young woman, but so very high and mighty in herself that she never had a word for the other servants. 'Well, sir, the morning after Sir Herbert was lost they found her in her room all doubled up like in a corner and quite mad entirely. They knew that she had gone to Sir Herbert's room with a message the even ing before, and they do say that she saw something dreadful there that took her wits clean away. Anyhow, she never got over it, more's the pity; for if she only had her mind, who knows but What she might be able to help our young master to get his rights? She is very quiet, so they let her stay a0 the_ Court, instead of sending her to the madhouse; but sure the Fendalls were always good to the unfortunate. ' Now. your honour, that is all I can tell you about the Court; and yonder is the end of the road; Go on, Gipsy ! By the powers, I believe the beast is fast asleep !' T.vo days before the close of the year, Gladys, on her knees in the attic of the ?ll house, was busily turning over the contentents of nmany mouldy hoees and trunks. She was searching for some bits of fur trimming with which to adorn a red woollen jacket for the old Jewess Rachel, which was to be presen ted to her on N'v Year's Eve ; the poor creature had a childish love for bright colours and she suffered much from the unusual cold of the season. Gladys seemed not altogether pleased with the result of her search, for she had ransacked every box save one, a heavily made chest covered with mildewed leather, with corners, hinges, and hands of curiously wrought brass. ' I have looked over these rags and scraps a thousand times already,' murmured Gladys, ' and might have saved myself this trouble. These bits of beaver will have to do, moth eaten though they are, I hoped to find an old chinchilla muff of Aunt Letitia's, but it seems to have disappeared. You old riddle, what wouldn't I give for the key to you!' The last remark was addressed to the brass bound chest, which now stood in the 'saume spot in which Gladys had seen it ever since she came,-a child of Live, to live with Miss Fendall. Many and many a time she had sat upon that old chest, and wondered, with a child's eager curiosity, what it contained-it being, to her youthful imagination, an exag gerated Pandora's casket, which she longed to open. Long before Gladys was born this chest had been placed in the attic, and Miss Fendall had forbidden its being opened. Whether it was a freak of hairs to feign a mystery where none existed., or wletlter the chest really contained what was hest left in obscurity, no one knew ; and, as time went on, inmates of the house learned that inquiries on the subject were useless. No one, not even Gladys, the pet and light of the house, could get a gleam of enlightenment from the old lady as to what the chest contained. The intimate acquaintance with all else that it contained, made her exclusion from partici pation in the secret doubly-trying. Anything approaching a mystey gafned a strong hold of her vivid imagination ; and often of an evening she would tell Rex, to his great amusement, the conclusions she had come to regarding the contents of. this box, and the romances she had woven about it. Topics of interest were rare at Fendall Court, which perhaps accounted forthe zest with which Gladys discussed the the brass-bound chest. 'Young people,' began MIiss Letitia, as she, Rex, and Gladys were assembled about the open fire in the great drawing-room; 'to morrow, New Year's Eve, will find us with out any preparation for mrerry-making. It1 grieves me beyond words that such is tlhe case, for never before, since these walls have stood, has the old year passed away without a festival heing held within them. During your day, children, it is true, the merry-mak ins has been simple and unpretending; hut soume difference has always been made. This has been a hard year, so yoa both know; we cannot afford any outlay now, and without money it is difficult to provide a feast. This idea of the holidays passing like any other sad days of the year is what troubles me; and so, for to-morrow night, I have decided upon something which will at least give Gladys some pleasure-at this hour to-morrow eveuning you may open the brass-bound chest. If Miss Fendall had said, 'At this hour toq-morrow evening the heavens will fall,' Gladys and Rex could not have been more astonished; lbut amazement soon gave way tocdelight with Gladys, and she gave the old lady a hug and a kiss which disarranged her cap ribbons very much. ' How sweet of you, Aunt Letty? The very thing in all the world that I wanted ! One thing, Rex, we may open the brass-bound chest at last ! I shall not sleep a wink to night for thinking of it. What a jolly New Year's Day this will be! You give Aunt Letty a hug now, Rex, for you are just as much interested in the box as I am, ttlough you will not confess it.' 'Never mind another hug, dear,' said Miss Letitia, as a pair of strong outstretched arms were extended towards her. 'I will take your affection for granted. You are good children to be so pleased over the little'an old woman can do for your amusement.' New Year's Eve came with a coverlet of snow outside, and a roaring fire and merry faces within at Fendall Court. Gladys, in spite of the sleepless night she had predicted for herself, looked a lovely picture of health and happiness, a picture which Rex studied with much satisf:action, apparently. The big drawsing-room still retained its Christmas deeorations of holly and mistleto and the tirelight cast a pleasant glow over the shabby furniture. 'Do you notice how strikingly the blaze i llumines Lady Irmentrude's portraitto-night Re.t I could almost declare 'that she -.I_-- - . · .·1 -6 smiled down on us just then. How lovely she was !' ' Very lovely-and astonishingly like you.' 'You foolish boy I Do you suppose I am going to believe that nonsence 1' The sweetest nothings which the lovers addlressed to each other during the next ten minutes were interrupted by a sound of clat tering and banging in the hall without. 'The chest ! The chest! They are bring ing the chest T cried Gladys, flying to the door and flinging it open. Miss Letitia entered, foilow~d by two stout peasant lads bearing tho box between them. 'Here-before the fire !' said Gladys. Twitching imaginary forelocks, the two young peasants departed after depositing their burden, enriched with a half-crown each for the New Years rejoicing. ' Gladys, you shall open the chest, as your curiosity and patience have been strongly tried regarding it.' Miss Fendall proiluced a quaint old brass key from her reticule, and Gladys undid .the various fastenings of the chest. At last the supreme moment arrived when she found herself slowly raising the lid, and the mysterious contents of the box lay re vealed. At the top were various articles of lady's apparel of a cut and fashion quite unknown at the present day. Slowly and reverently Gladys laid them aside, for she knew instinc tively that these wore the relics of someone Tong dead. She nIxt withdrew a, very hea\vy velvet dres-: of a delicate shade of green, em nr'oidere.! thickly with seedl pearls on the hbodice and on the front of the skirt ; rare old lace hung in heavy frills from the short sleeves, and a curious fan of carved mother of-pearl and ptirnted feathers lay besi le the dress. Gladys glanced from the dross to the portrait of Lady Irmentrude above her. ' Yes, dear; Lady Irmentrude was painted in that velvet dress. A most becoming cos tume it was. I saw her in it for the last time on that dreadful night thirty years ago.' said Miss Fendall. ' I packed her clothes when she left us, half mad with grief, and in that box I put the last dress I over saw her wear, some letters and a journ'l, in which the unhappy girl confesses her love for poor lost Herbert. I could not bear to think of these things being disturbed, perhaps by ir reverent strangers, so I ordered that the box should never be opened. Tonight I've relented, and I am not sorry, Poor Irmen trude-yours was a sad fate !' While the old woman was thus speaking half to herself, Gladys had gathersd up the velvet gown in her arms and vanished with it. When Miss lienrall raised her eyes again she started back with a cry of astonishment; there, under the portrait of Lady Irmentrude stood what seemn'd to be the living original. It was Gladys in the Ladyv Irmentrude's dress; but her two companions is almost speec!iless at the striking resoeublance be tween th- living and the pictured face. 'You thought I was a ghost didn't you ?' sail G:lads, with a men":.r laugh. T' Chilrld, whit? a will idea ! You really-' But Mi;s Fendlail's speech was checked by another apparition still- more strange in the doorway. A white-haired woman, with wild, restless eyes burning feverishly in her thin, pale face, came forward, with steps short and tottering like a child, to where the group stood. She wore a dark dress of coarse .",I.,ln stf rl ' a rled llfl ci.Pi tri'zra e s&cd; atrC rd in l'''li: rs stuelK Sat random in her hair. '\Why, Rachel, what made yon think of visiting u.s this eveninig ? You have always avoidejl us before,' s:id Miss Fendall, in a kindly voice to her c-razy pro! q':. ' f saw my lady Irmentrude through the open door, and came in to ask if I might sit up for her to,-night,' answered the strange figure, curtseying before Gladys. ' Marvellous ! This is, I believe, the first time that the name of her young mistress has been uttered by Rachel since she became in sane. The sight of Gladys in that dress has awakened a faint spark of reason,' Miss Fen dall said to herself, her eyes wide open with astonishment. ' Your ladyship will not walk on the ter race with Sir Herbert this evening--ha, ha i' cried the crazy woman, in a quavering voice which she seemed unable to conltrol, looking Gladys keenly in the eyes. 'For heaveu s sake, Gladys, encourage the woman in her delusion ! We may learn an inkling of the trnth-i-for it rests with her, if anyone on earth,' whispered Miss Fendall trembling with excitement. 'Where is Sir Hterbert' Rex asked huskily. 'Who are you, to ferret out my secrets 1' the woman asked angrily. 'I will do you no harm, no matter what you tell me.' '1 can tell on nothing before her-' pointing to the imaginary Lady Irmentrude. ' Gladys, my dear child, leave the room.' Gladys, white and trembling, stole out of sight behind aporti&re; whence she could hear unse8e. 'Where is Sir Herbert ' repeated Rex, clutching the back of a chair to steady him self. ' Yonder in the well, under the sundial. I saw him fall in, and then everything was dark to me and to him too. Ha, ha i' Miss Fendall started violently, and ex changed a glance with Rex. 'Go on-explain further. Where were, you when you saw him fall into the well 1 said the young man, fixing his eyes on the crazy woman's. ' It was night; there wasm a little moon, which made light and shadows outside. My lady had sent a note to Sir IHerbert, say ing that she returned his love. She told ine nearly all her thoughts, and what she did not tell I read on the sly in her letters. I knew that my lady had another lover at Fendall, but she detested him. That night she gave me two letters to de liver-one to her heart's lover, tolling that she belonged to him; the other a firm refu. a! of the suit of the man who, against her will had made love to her. There was no name mentioned in the last letter, and my lady did not seal the notes-she did not think I was sharp enough to read thenm. SI was in a rage with Sir Herbert that dlay because I had heard him say something scoff ing of the Jews, my people. To punish him I put my lady's refusal in the envelope ad dressed to him, and destroyed the loving message intended! for him. I meant thenext day to say [ had made a mistake, and os ! · right everything. rIn the meantime he would have had his punishment. Sir lerbert read , the letter, and his face grew white and set. He ran down the private stairway leading I from his rooms into the shrulbbery. T catlcd after him, but he did not hear me.. He went swiftly toward the lake, I watching him, frightened. Suddenly he disappeared ; there was no tree or rock to hile him; and the l moon shone clearly on the lawn. I knew what had happened, hut ray tongue wa.s para lysed. The railing had been taken away from the old well-that dreadful well so black and deep they said the evil one used it for a passage way from below ! A stone cover had been made for the well, but it was set in too late to save Sir Herbert. The next morning, bofore the news of his disap pearance was spread abroad, the workmen covered the well with the heavy block of stone, and no one ever thought to lift itsinee. The last master of Fendall has only the sin dial to mark his grave-odd, isn't it T Here the woman burst into a wild, discord ant peal of laughter, and then sank s_*ooning upon the floor. For ,the three witness of this scene there was very little sleep that night, so intent were they on what the next few days wvould bring forth. If old Rachel's story were true, and during her narration she seemed quite sano-a brilliant future lay before them ; for Rex a recognition of his rights, and the realisation for himself and Gladys of all their fi.-ml:t. hop.:', a;;ld fior Miss Fendall a tranquil old :ale, h ,ppv in the joy of her beloved ones. As quickly as possibleRex had the broken S:tn-dlial renmoved which concealed the well. A man was lashed to a rope with lhntern and pickaxe and slowly lowered through the aperture. It seemed to Rex an interminable time till he signalled that he had gone deep enough, and it was as if years elapsed before he pulled the rope to be drawn up. At last the workman's rough shock of hair was seen again at the mouth of the well, and he scrambled out, as if glad to feel the grass hbenoath his feet once more. There are bones down there, your honour -human bones, for I had the skull in my hand. There was no water, but I picked up these bits of things lying in the clay.' Rex took from the man's work-stained hands what seemed the tarnished clasp of a purse, and some bits of leather that might have been a pocket-book, to which a dis colored silver shield still hung. Rex ex amined the bit of silver, and then bared his head involuntarily. The crest of the Fen dall's, with the initials ' H.F,' beneath, was plainly discernible. Almost beyond a doubt, he stood over the'grave of his long-lost kins man, strange resting place though it was. Other relies going to prove the fate of Sir Herbert were found in the well, and the various courts of law- admitted that at last the mystery was solved. The dust of the missing baronet was laid with his ancestors in the old village church, the funerld proces sion being followed by the old peasantry, who hal waited thirty years to show. this last honour to their master's memory. Dur ing the following January the church" was opened for a very different ceremony-the marriage of Sir Rex Fendal to Miss c?aJy_% Luttrell. 'Only think, Rex,' Gladys would often, say, ' we have to thank the brass-bound chest ! for all our happiness! I always said there was magic in it, and I was not mistaken !' 