CLOSE ArrACinrrKT.-That of n leech- . .! J; ; Sceatched.-Yabba for thoMelbouroe: and C.iulfield Cups. POOE ASIKEB.-In a critical'position other-! . wiso than in health. , VALUATION BILL.*-Its fate is'sealed, so is tha. of property,holders.,i ' '? InhiTATKD.:-Russia. :. But is She ever other-, wiso. unless irritating. 11 . ! Common RESULT.-A. manf' hanged' himself after heavily, drinking. . Common EXCUSE.-'Would1 not have '. don? it had ho not been drunk. ; ITHACA.-'Tbe neiv hoard straightening itself, up. - Business this time.1 JonN.Cm»A3tAK.T-Not',tp be'ailowed la sit on "a boairi. What is lie to sit on!-5 BRITONS.-Ncvor, iicver' sTuiU be/i'&o.;, but they cannot win that yachting clip." DdTx.-Finds that'Macros'saii,. sticks to him better than the bestPortland 'cemeiit.. . . Ln'Sia.-The murderor of Mirjani Aiigel, GOVEBWb Bboome.-Says thatjudge Onslow .acts up to his. lights, but that. he^hos .a-,bad liver. ] < TheNavhiationAct.-Of New. South Wales is'to undergo some repairs, stLis. navigation itself. ? .V, jX,. ?;> ? Jonsist -Ajjneab.-Tipt them; dummy, .when accused, of takirigTisitors to the ^refreshment rooms.; . ?? ; Inci^vse.-InHhe Customs. '! £fi,763 6s. 5d. for September over the corresponding month of last year. ,-_v,v ..'r.. t w: ??_??? As USUAL.-More smoke than fighting about the defence and naval vote when, the real tug came on. - . * * :MOBE:*SUOAB.-?'The Geelong'brought 670 bags from Townsville, and 3,813 packages from .Mackay. , n mv ?:? IT IS N"ot TEUE.-Thattho dredge is to be removed to Maryborough.; Annear is guing to see to that. ( ' PEOBABIE.-A match between Trickett and Hanlan on the Fiizroy Eiver. Trickett m great form. . TnE Licessiso ACT.-Of New South Wales is to be amended tins session. It has been sadly broken. A FACT.-Those who advertise in the Tele graph and ;the Week know where to.get value for their money. , . j LOB.-New South Wales is not to haVo the Nelson after all. Thought it wa» another Wolverine affair. t ? ? . . WHAT'S in A.'NAME.-Tho nowLord Mayor of London is named Polydoro de Keyser.' What pricc tliat? r.vr.> . ! HEIES.-The discussion abouftho word heirs died away calmly on the breeze.' Its very: ghost is ho more. '1 ' . CoiniAXDER FAIRFAX.-Iacoming down upon us.' ,The lightfantastic will,be played to bid'a Fairfax,wacoine. . .T . - . ' UroN My'Wobd.-" The Week is- better and better every time." You may hear ? that at overy Btreetcorner. , , .. .... -? ; EFFETE.-The Assembly is; but able still to do a good day's work. . :The best Assembly in Australia, old as it is. .... I ; ? How DOES HE SHAPE?-Trickett'after'to long a spell. Is another, turn an -the; wheel of fortune in store forhim?: ..'.j-i: ;';^i mj::. 3LiCE0SSAi\\-^^kcd whatjaboiit"the piers of the Cairns railway. 'A power .'of troublothat Cairns railway has been. '. , GBEAT SENSATION.-Station-roaster at, Too-; wooinba dismissed man employed tochop wood. Case coining before,tho House. .;. BALANCE OF GIFTS.-T.W. Russell is named as a man .whose "mind is only! of a second-rate order, ;but his voice is first-class. / : ; 'Ap.TISTIC.-That illuminated photograph of certain'officials: at the' Immigration Depot. The looal Art Society fchonld secure it. , Questions OF CavsciENOE.-Of how members always vote . with, their party,, and yet keep their consciences. . They, arej clevcr, and pious.; ' Skahno' 32xTn,i.oiinixAilT.-Going 'to lease the Exhibition Biiilding: as 'a .'skating rink.; Very nico sport,; too. . Only wiwh ^ve had tho NEISON.-Said, What', about' tliat Cairns-' Hiirberton timbtr? I dunnD,' 8aid Diitfon; what did I say last? .Think I have Raid nothing since." ... ? ; . Ah.-The Colonial'Secretary is'in for it.' He has taken some constables from rMatyborougli; Has he considered how that will affect tho trado ofthat place? - Q.N. A.-Going to wait to see what some body else does about tho board of agriculture.' Quite right to wait, but don't forget it, all the saiiiu'for that. i: I Snow lis Yo:n: TEETH.-'When a very young person applies to be registered as a voter, ho is to be asked to show his teeth in proof that ho is 21 years of age.. . . ^ ^ At LAST.-In England'they- are carrying education so far that horses are'taught to ring bells, fire cannon, and curry letters. Above dragging the plough. , ; : ? SsiiTit.-Oldnian, liowaroycr? Ought to add " e" to your name now; Why.not write it Smytho- eli ? Been to England, you know; must make a difference." ?. - ? . Alind-Was wrong in .wanting to use tho voting clause as an engine for collecting rates/ Let defaulters bo proseoutcd. " If anyono has paid rates on proporty entitling him to voto, ho Bhouldhnve that vote,. - , .,,, . , \ WALSU.-Wants to dine at Parliument Ilousa just when lio likes... Eight you are, old man. Tou ouglit to. bo allowed to doit; tut yon ought to pay, you know. | TKEm^ousjLoT.--J)f first offenders'; lit- the poliob'coVirt'evory day, arid especially on Mon days, the day after all the public-houBes hare been closed for hours. JLLEYBOKOUQH. - Has another griovance. Did -we say " another "? Say a thousand and then'half the truth' is;not told. "Where the dickens is Maryborough ? " THE SLY "'DAW. - General Boulanger's daughter is about to become a nun, and his .nomies say it is a shrewd doviee of his to curry favour with the clericals. WOODMAN.-Spare that tree, cut not it down for rates. That was amongst the provisions ol the new divisional boards measuro. Paithfu Commons say tho ether thing. PEBBIES.-It .is all very well to talk abou steam''ferries. If you do not put up go (d bridges over the river, South Brisbane will ask ;to be created a separate colony. And -why not?. ' ' A SENSIBLE PBAYEB.-That from the Gulf of Carpentaria to hayo elections appointed for a time when the country is not undor flood. If they always pray as well, they must be a good "WAHWICK PEOPLE.-Seem to have put the country to a nice little expense for railway sur veys.''; Anything more they.would like f _ This Li a good argument for separation, but it is that Warwick bo separated. . THAT OLD SOBBEL MAEB.-Will cost Ralston, who stole her, 18 months in prison. Years ago .Ralston might have been hanged for stealing that same old sorrel mare. Even now ho iB liable to be whipped. ATTENUATED.-That refreshment room would be if all proposed amendments of it were carried out. No visitors, bar closed when House sit ting (which house f), meals at 2s. 6d., no in toxicants. Dear, dear. GOOD.-Macrossan said they used to need breakfast when Griffith was on tho other side of the House. So they did. It took a power of time to prevent the Government of the day from getting into mischief. A PIECE OF NEWS.-Speaking of the rail ways at our southern border, the S. M. Herald says: "On tho Queensland side both railway and buildings are finished, and the line is ready for traffic." Shade of Mr. Miles! ? GIVE THEH A CILLNCK.-Kangaroo Point being neither head, nor tail, nor ears, nor any thing else as to the municipality, has been un able to make itself heard about this proposed separation. Poor Kangaroo Point, cut it off. TMB PBOPOSJJ,.-Made in -the Legislative Council that if all rates were not paid on the properties of any ono person at the time of au election, he should not have a vote at all, was disallowed by the Assembly, and properly BO. Do.yousee? . JIACBOSSAN.-Is not at all tender of railway traders. He keeps on rubbing tho old spot. 'Almost as difficult to get information as it used to be when ho was in office. But it gives a inan'an immense advantage. He knowB how to do the trick. ' ; IT WAS CHABACTEBISTIC.-Of Hie Lords to insert in the DivWonal Boards Bill, that no one should be a momber of a board till lie was 21 years of age. Age will always tell. It should bo made peremptory that no infants in arms will be admitted. SIB THE DIFFERENCE.-'Hiat letter which Adams read raised the question: Who is to pay any costs incurred and fines imposed ?®cl" dents and . that sort of thing in board districts t Why the district of course. If district return incompetent men, district, must take conse quence. If they do dishonest thing, they take consequence. If districts elect dishonest men, dishonest men take consequences. Ha, ba. sound as logic. . BUSINESS.-In the building trade still eoing on. Prom January 1 to July 23, 1S8<, thefol .lowing.shipments were mado : Cement." Galv. Iron. Slates. Victoria '121,550 barrels 21.G1IS casos 1,MO tons. X s.w. ni.r.io ditto 18,830 ilitto <>,1 Queensland.. 21,670 ditto 812 ditto n?»0 Adelaide 3,320 .ditto 4}g? Tnwmmia 12.1-0 ditto . S,UiO ditto lUtW Xew Zealand 02.510 ditto S,530 ditto 160 tons. LAN&">Yor.TiiY POUND AT L.'.KT. Mr. Lung worthy appeared iii 'propria permabefore an English court on Monday, August - He appeared, apologised, . an<i disappeared, it was in court but, .Why few seconds, yet m that brief spico:of time he eontnved, after liis wont; .to emit a lie.- He said:^".The contempt of which I lmvo been guilty has been without my knowledge. The letters written to mo neverreached me." : v.-:; AN excursion train from- Bradford ran into an engino nt Normantoa, causing* injury ? to severalpassengers.. . 1 ^ - .'i .WoitEx's > industries will ho - a prominent feature at tho International Exhibition whicfc is to be held at Glasgow next year. ? ' ^ ? Tns wear "and tear of hornes in London is very ^rcat.* In nix months tho trMJiiway co - pany lout £5,390 in dead; and disabled animals. * A P133KKOEU train, chicfly occupied by work ing men, ran into / some empty narrjfigoti a NewcaBUe-onTTj no* .30, persons being injured. ' AT TWELVE-YKAn-OLD coloured child tow!**® sentenced to bo hanged in Charleston, U.o., poisoning a white baby that she was tire [attendingto. >= . Ix tho lafit'throe nionths.thc birth-rate of the United Kingdom was 31 per 1,000 of tho popu lation per annum, the Uetitli-nito 18, and roamag'e-ratc.Ji. " , i. Tiis Earl and Countess of Aberdeen enter tained at Dollis Hill,' near; London, of Americans; who were their fellow-pasBen gers on board ? tho Scrvia on thoir return 'England; 