PINS. C'jm grano salis. I î think a great deal of unnecessary fiis3 is ' being made about Sir Henty Parkes5 i financial troubles. I think so because, while I admitting that he has, as a politician, loomed : head and shoulders above n Ost of his con ¡ temporaries, Ï cannot believe thal his absence from the helm of State aff .irs would be such a caiamatious aff.ir as he, in his egotism, seems to think. Of course, there aie thous- ands of Small people, who have already taken their cue from expressions he let fall when making his misericordiaT appeal in the Assembly the other night, who will re-echo this absurd fiction. If this be the case, that he onlv can save this country from ruin - «hat is, defend it from the attack of the Protection party, then I say, it says but little for the Free-trade party. I, for one, don't think anything of the kind ; on the contrary, I helieve there are men in the colony quite as well able io fight the battle of Free-trade as Sir Henry Parkes ; men who are quite as comnefont-and what is more, who ar¿ truer free-traders than he. Sir Henry's free-trade seems to me to have been merchant's free trade, not tl>e people's free-trade - at ,any rate. Iiis Government of to-day cannot hy any method of reasoning, be called positively a Free-trade Government. I am not g>ing to crow over Sir Henri's fa'len fortunes-much as Í dislike him, both as a politician and a man. Why do I dislike him ? "Weil, I hare never made a secret of my dislike to Sir Henry, or late years, and f see no reason why I should join with the mob, whto are now affecting great sorrow, in condoning his faults. In my time I have stood by Sir Henty Parkes, when he was thought but very i little of-hut in those days, his eootism ha-1 j not ltd him to betray both his principles and I his fiiends ; he then fought honestly for the people-against monopolies of all kind. My dislike, I say, date» from the time of his high- handed proceedings against Mr. Proctor and from th;>t point, he has gone down in the estimation of every truly liberal man. Since then he has assiduously courted the smiles of the wealthy and powetful-the enemies of j the people. Since then he has thrown all ! his weight on the side of Protestant sectar ian i sm - on t li e side of monopoly-io fact, he is no ni; rt- 'he II .rry Parkes of 188G when I l e passed his fust Education Act, than I am an angel. *' Evil communications corrupt pood morals,'' and Sir Henry's association with Sir Janies Mirtin simply spoi'ed a politi- cian. As a man Sir James was Sir Henry's superior, hut as a po itician he was simply a tyrannical desi ot-just what Sir Henry is to-day. lu opposition he has been the most contumacious leader Parliament has ever seen ; at the head of a G gemment he has been insolently offensive. He has Ire.ted everyone as so much dirt beneath his feet, and no Imperious Caesar returned to life, could have shewn more airs that the ersi whi'c rad eil and char' st-let him deny the latter if he can. Whatever was good in his Kdueation Act he has nullified ; and as for his oth r Measures, what are they ? O, the Municipalities Act - and a pretty muddle that is. Tim1 he has been a powerful Mini-ter I am willing to adirit. Politics have been his profession, ^nd so far, he has been tolerably successful ; for he has held office some ten or twelve yeats as C donia! Secretary - which means a remuneration of over £20,000-and this to a man who has no ex|Ctislre hain" s, don't asst ch.te with Darling Point, Woolhaia, and the " upper ten," don't go in for sp irt and go on, should be a vt ry comfortable little thing-ir. fact, he ought to have saved m.n'-y upon it. Sir Henry has olten preached ibis doctrine to civil servant*-and if they could save money upon their serena of from <£3Û0 to a-£1000, I surely he could have done so upon £2QU0. ' Nobody ever heard of Hir Ht cry spending j much, and as for keeping up the position of I lisefnee, I don't think anjbody ever ex I peeled anything of che kind (rora him. Anyway, JE2000 Was enough for him, or aïiy other decent man, to live upon. But not only did he not live upon it, but since his 1 Empire insolvency, he has managed to get 1 into debt to the tune of £52.0oO, and beside this to tera pe tcgezher £65,000 worth of property. Yet be is now a poor teftn ** without a shilling;** Bah! C v.).) Sit Henry Parkes, a« an ordinary tv- irf-»r -,f I*íirliámem% or say, as a journeyman turru-r and toy maker, hw acijwired £ , Worth öf property? I doutt it : f¿«rs mest people Wi I say no. Fancy a m.-.zi ->feo capacity f »r busimss. going into wy«*iic*ic? the «*ay he has done I What else cou"d hs ejtpefitedt Others have fattened though hs \,-s remB; «ed poor« thus showing, . : sf*ys that ontsi îc of politics =S»r Heur- .--,« a tie .-rido-'veil. Ye» fend pennie te:'. «- ni "h t he might have d« ne with his ta= ?*:>.= ¡ Inkiness. He wouM halé íone n: t . _ j ,;.>(.tics vVns his forte, and though he : * ia'wavshave beena very respectable vra~ of wood-ind a clever avi ator, outs, Parliament he would never have mad.' « :.cr his mark or money. Th 8 yara often J credence,' I have heard Dib'a and oth*-r: I the same of civil servants-bad they Ue.i ! engaged in c immerce they'd have dune wonders; they wouH have cone nothing at the kind - ior, like Sir Henrv Parkes, thev are not built that w ay. N >t for on? momea: do I wish to infer that Sir Henry Parkes ii s robbed (be country-thmgh it is quite e'ejr j tLat other people have used bim to scm* I purpose, let when the " old man eloquent" j is pushed by his friends, the Banks, tbs mea*» j skunks, were not men enough t i put their hands in their pockets E3 as to spare ::¡rs ! that painful scene in the Assembly. Why, even at Orange the other day, '' glutei" Clarke said he ient his chief .£200, nut took care io have it secured-thus shuning that he had but little faith in his Ita ler's capacity or ability to pay. Sir Henry Parkes has beer* powerful because ot the combination of certain forces-money and hate ; both have worked for him, but the former having «rained its ends, throws the old m m over, while tho other, sectarianism, temains true-fora time» anyhow. Take sectarianism away frorn Sir Henry Parkes' support, and he is but a we»k man. Capital had an enemy in Dibbs Pro'estant bigotry had au enemy ia Jennings ; and some one had to be s-^t up against both. Capital is appeased ; Dibbs is no longer feated, and Jennings is, after all, only a dilletanle politician. Tiius il is, the change has come ; and lie that was bat a short time ago backed up hy influential men, Í3 allowed, like another Wolsey, tc stand huniilia ed before his enemies. What care thev ? not a stiver ! But is not thia coming home to Sir Henry for his past in- gratitude? and no man h:.s (»Gen more un- grateful than he - not only to personal friends, but to the people: Spare bimi I Why s ¡are him ? Did he spare editor j Webb-a small man, comparatively speak- ing, whom he pr« ceeded against in all vín | dictiveness ? If he did not crush Webb complitely, why was it? Perhaps he couldn't help himself; there be wheels within wheels, and he had to do it. Webb did not standalone, and it did not suit his friends (also Parkes1) that he should be crushed completely, hence the stoppage of the case. Attnrney-Gener.il Wise, in his youthful zeal for his chief, caled the Richmond Examiner a blackguard paper. Mr Wise was hasty-he waa more, he was ignorant ; the paper in question is what is called " a respectable paper," and like most respectable" papers, was only too glad to publish a bit ot sensational scandal-and then, having done the mischief, was posi- tively indecent in its slavishness to unsay what it bad said. The newspaper press of the colony have a perfect right to comment " upen the Premier's affairs-just as Mr. McElhone, or any other member, has a riiiht to talk about them-in fact, as Sir Henry said, Mr. Fraser Marlin had a right to talk about a judge, or, he himself, had a right to get on to po>r old Augustus Loftus. It all comes tumbling home to Sir Henry, and no doubt as many ghosts-Butler's and others- will haunt him now a¿ ever haunted Macbeth of old. With regard to a big sub- scription to put him on his legs, b% all means let the world see how his friends will shape. Yours truly has no objection, though many a deserving man has grme hungry to bed, to j whom this self-same Premier might have j extended help. Anyway, it is hoped there will be no imita ion of the Robertson fakement. Ten thousand pounds to old Jack was ten thousand too many; but Parkes, being the bigger man, will require double that ainount. Let us hope our legislators are made of sterner stuff, than allow themselves i to be carried aw.iy on the impulse of tho moment to give the people's money away upon :i man, who cannot be in actual want, and who opposed their getting a (air payment for services rendered the people. As for his position in the House, he has, certainly, done right in resigning his seat. It is mere hair-splitting to say that the assignment of his estate is not insolvency. What else is it ? If a man surrenders his estate to his credit- ors, he does so beca ute be cannot pay his debts-and it has been shown that Sir Henry Parkes' estate will not realize as much as his liabilities. Therefore. Ï contend, he should not have tetained his seat an hour-evea though his following were not able to keep Free-trade afloat-and Messrs. Dibbs, Garvan, Lyne, See and Co. step into power on the Protection ticket. As well have Protection as to be bossed by one man who has lung ago severed his connection with everything liberal-except in name. AsàIODEC'8. 