(Etnmba Theatre. Parliament. Both Houses. No-confidence. Snow in Victoria. Criminal Sitting. Changeable—very, "The Silver King." Vale—Lady Brassey. A moribund Min'&tty.; Mount Barker annuyed. Nosrs have betn cvoted. Mr. Burgoyoe about again. Mr. G. Ch"ffey ia Adelaide. Now, Tom, hit bird but fair. A ran Jng, roaring Silver King. Rally up, Norwoods, and enrol. Ministers hunting up a defence. Barometer at noou to day, 30'0d. Four men-of-war off Cape Otway. The " Arch-Independent" at his post, Kirkham Evans his settled.tlie ghost. United action against the common foe. Downer, Bray, & Co. in art'zulo mortis. Professor Andtrtoo at Glenelg to-m?ht. The Silver King lost his head last night. O'Brien getting into hot water all round. That Mount Pleasant nugget was a sight. Nominations for Upper House on Jane 32, Nineteen pigkeepers in Unley Corporation. Ministerial pigeon-hole^ getting cleared cat. Sculler Trickett wants ta have another show. The Ministry can always depend on five votes. Larrikin Gaunson disgracing the Coroner's Court, Poll for Northern District on Wednesday, July P. Poll for Central District on Saturday^ June 25. k'fi? Sir Henry Loch can't go to Mount Gambi* after all. Archbishop Carr veiy cautious abaafcgi opinions. How ma-iy joke.: will Johnnie crack in his defence? Salaries of Unley Corporation offslals reduced. Let Lord Salisbury look to those curling biyonete. Volunteer Force enrolment to-night at N01 wood. Wanted, subeciiptionB to help the tithe war in Wales. Great waste of public money on the South- East Railway. The Melbourne Archbishop preserves a wise reticence. Well, Mr. Kirkliam, what afcoat the Cradock ghost ? Visions of "a big foot" were haunting the Ministry last ni^ht. J.W.D.'B absence is regarded by his colleagues as immaterial. British Government going in for presa'itions against invasion. French convicts from Noumea to be excluded from California. Expensive unnecessary barbed, wire used on the South-Eastern line. Colonies advised to stop blowing about their defence preparations. Agitator O'Brien draws the line at dynamite and abnse of the Pope. Big demonstration of Congregational Sunday-schools on September 1. Lord Brassey navigated the Sinbjam through a gale to Melbourne. We want an anti-circumlocution officer irr connection with our railways. " A Scotsman" formed a favourable idea of Adelaide and South Australia. New uniforms free of cost to new members of Eastern Suburban Company. More "outsiders" discovered at work by, Port igilant man. Atrocious ! A change of Ministry impending ia Northterrace and Union Parliaments. Cradock ghoBt stipulates for two sticks of toffy daily for its young medium. The Ministry have done as well as could have been expected—from them. Mr. H. Taylor will lecture to night oa " Land Settlement of the Future." Kirkham Evans has discovered the Cradock ghost under the blankets. Mich. Davitt wants to muster 40,000 Irishmen next Sunday for hut-building. France and Russia protest against Anglo- Turkish Convention respecting Egypt. One hundred and twenty-five entries for the Melbourne Cup against 143 last year. Mr. Kirkham Evans has cleared np tha Cradock ghost mystery to his satisfaction. His ,Highness the Rajah of Durbhungab will try to carry off next Melbourne CUD. Mr. James Malcolm will have the first kick-off at Port Pirie to-morrow at 1.30 p.m* Lord Salisbuiy going in for Imperial defence—no more Brown Besses t-o be served out. 135 million passengers carried on Victorias railways between January, 1881, and May, 1887. Fifteen persons in Unley Corporation keep seventeen pigs each, and .four an unlimited number. Officialdom hae been distinguishing itself ' on the Narracoorte and Mount Gambier Railway. If Sir John Downer, is defeated in his absence it is bis own fault—nobody askcX him to go. There is not one question on which the Ministry have not turred their back upon themselves. An excited Cambrian wants contributions for the fcreat battle waging in .the ancient Principality." Jnbilee of Congregationalism in the colony will be inaugurated by a demonstration of the Sunday-schools. ^ "Crumbman" open to bet that Jack's policy will not be found in any of the Minis-* terial pigeon-holes. Some piliful subjects are dropping into poetry in the belief that the Cradock ghost confirms spiritualism. Windsor railway disaster the first that has occurred out of 700,000 trains inn on Mel* bourne Bnburban lines. If Mr. Evans is correct Sissy "Schultz is a precocious child, and deserving of intelligent and decisive treatment. " Four pigs stood upon their heads and sans; the _ National Anthem."—Kirkham Evans Shropshire ghost conductor. Shareholders Town and Country Bank want to prosecute the late Directors for misrepresentation and concealment. Government should follow Capita Base's example and supply volunteers with complete uniform instead of capitation grant. After the Government 'had erected sheepyards, like the station at Penola, in the wron^ place, the Traffic Manager discovered that the yards were not wanted. An advertisement in this morning's Register:— "Wanted experienced housemaids." Seventy applications before Id o'clock. Lady Brassey hopes the ladies of South: Australia will not allow the culture of the intellect to make them forget the training of their hands. At Penola recently the Inspector of the railway attempted to negotiate the cruel barbed wire fence, and got firmly hooked till two men went to his assistance. " The credulous rustics have unconsciously invented most of the ridiculous tales, scaring themselves with imaginary terrors." What will the rustics say to Mr. Evans ? Quotation for to-day—King Sir Robert Bruce died 1329 :— Sir Eobert, a soldier no speech would pretend. But be ne'er turned bis back on his foe—or hia friend. " Next to the glorious rains, the'removal o£ the present Ministry from office will unmistakably result in public confidence, and revive general prosperity in the colony. Thus Mr. E. Williams. The largest British garrison at any foreign* or colonial station is that which holds Malta. We have there just now 5,890 officers and men, whilBt at Gibraltar the total number is only 5,150, or 33 more than the total number of our troop3 in Egypt at the present time. The latest Irish bull, by Colonel Saunderson, M.P.—" He did not think that the Irish hot water attained boiling heat until November last, when Ireland was visited by these two radical Siamese twins, Mr. Libouchera end Mr. Conybeare. who came over to irelano like two political Colorado beetles, to m«sc* with a double portion of their venom the Irish stew they came to stir up." How about Sir Boyle Roche after that! 