THE MAGAZINES FOR FEBRUARY. It is perhaps a healthy sign it was certainly most able that the novel of moral analysis is now giving ' place to the novel of incident and adventure ; but Mr. Grant Allen and Mr. Rider Haggard should have mercy on us. " The Gavorso.h» " of the former, and the Jews" of the hat for, the two serial now running in the Cornhill, are really crowded beyond bearing with battle, murder, and sudden death. It has been wisely said that the use of space of blank wall is the measure of a man's capabilities as an architect, and the same criticism applies to literature. " Strictly Incog " is one of the Cornhill delightful science articles, the queer title referring to the use of colour in animals-for example, the stripes of a tiger as a means of concealment. Another excellent paper is " Kirk-Grim s," in which the origin of churchyard ghosts is scientifically, not psychically, explained. Nobody will read " A'Social Difficulty " without some of those inward smiles which are better than any laugh. In short, the number despite the overdose of sensationalism in the serials is an excellent one. Mr. Rider Haggard is again to the fore in Longman's Magazine. We have only arrived at the opening chapters of his " Allan Quatermain," and already the heroine is stolen by Kaffirs, who are to be attacked with battle axes, pig- stickers, and other gentle- weapons. Mr, Clark Russell is not at his best, though he has a curious collection of facts, in a paper on " Mysterious Disappearance." Mr. R. W. Parker writes on the " Emigration of Young Children," meaning thereby a State-aided and State-directed system of emigration and gradual education in colonial life. The gist of his proposals is in the following paragraph:- is " What children could be sent? Some readers will be shocked at the idea of deliberately separating children from their parents, and pending them out wholesale to the colonies as emigrants. If the homes of these children, or the home influence to which they were subjected, in any sense realised what 'home' and 'home influence may mean to better-class children, I should be the last to urge such a plan as that now under consideration. But for children who. are opposed to every sort of evil example, and whose 'home' is mostly in the London gutter, nothing but gain could result from the change. Are there parents who would voluntarily make over their children for the purposes of colonisation ? I think there are many who would be only too glad, and that a great difficulty would be the selection of the most deserving and the" most suitable. There are, moreover, large number of orphaned children who would have no homes and no ties. I should object to the sending out of young criminals, though the young children of criminals would be most suitable subjects for enforced emigration, with or without their parents' consent. Indeed, if criminal offences deprived the criminals of the rights of guardianship and control over their children, a powerful weapon would be placed in the hands of the law. At present what becomes of the children of convicts, and what chance have they in the battle of life ? If there existed a colonising department, with authority to take possession of such children of criminals as they might choose to select, some few at least, would be rescued from their otherwise hopeless con I dition." Such an importation might not be acceptable to any colony, however much in want of increased population. But Mr. Parker's scheme provides for technical, general, and moral training under healthful conditions; and though his scheme is perhaps Utopian, it is not unattractive. " Claude Tyach," by Mr. Grant Allen, is a short story,' morbid in sentiment, and having no vraisemblance. One seldom has so to criticise This clover writer. A paper on "Melody in Speech" is rather curious than instructive. Nobody really cares in what musical intervals he says, "How d'ye do ?" Scribner's Magazine contains an article on the exist- ing " Likenesses of Julius Caesar." Every student of history should examine that marvellous face- at once the most powerful and the most inscrutable among human countenances which is here set before him in a series of excellent engravings. He will probably be struck by the fact that the likenesses of many great men Moltke and Cardinal Manning being specially prominent seem to be present in that one face. " The Siege of Paris" by Mr. Washburne, ex-Minister to France, continues to charm by its power of artless straightforward narration. Of the other papers that on M. Coquelin," the French actor, is the best. Mr. Harold Frederick spoils an otherwise clever story which he calls "Seth's Brother's Wife," by overdosing his readers with dialect a besetting sin just now of American writer?. Mr. Hugh Thomson is forgotten Cadocott and developing a style of his own. His illustrations to "Morning in London in the English Illustrated Magazine, are full of humour, it slightly vulgar. Au article on " Robert Burns,',' by Mr, Simo, with clever illustrations by Mr. Hedley Fitton, will be welcomed by all Scotchmen. Miss Mulock contributes a paper on some out-of-the-way Irish nooks, and Mr. Farjeon continues his queer psychical-in the modern sense of the adjective story of " A Secret Inheritance." In Biac7at;ooiI there is a somewhat noteworthy article on the "Horse Supply in India." The writer, who is evidently well acquainted with the subject, believes in the "Waters," or Australian horses, but urges the importance of acclimatising them before they are put to hard work in India. At present there is no supply of "Walers" in India at all adequate to the requirements of a time of pressure. " No doubt, if war broke out, and the seas were still open to us, horses would be poured into the country, but for a long time they would be absolutely useless, and if they were placed in the field they would die like rotten sheep. The only resource which Government would have would be is> purchase at high prices the animals now in private hands, and this would be a most uncertain and unsatisfactory way out of the difficulty. Until the time comes, if it ever does come, when the results of breeding in India are such that there is always available in the country a fair number of stout and seasoned horses whose constitutions are those of natives of the soil, the only plan that com- mends itself appears to be that a number of horses equal to one year's requirements should always be kept in reserve at the depots, in addition to the remounts for the current year. The only real additional immediate expense to be calculated on in such an arrangement is that of feeding the horses, and this would be made up to a very great extent in the long-run by the increased condition and strength which they would gain by the prolonged time of acclimatisation and coming to maturity." " The Old Saloon " is an able review of recent literary work, which, though we do not agree with all the judg- ments of the writer, deserves attentive perusal. The political article is obviously written in fear and trembling. The writer does not for a moment doubt that they (the Unionists) will be able to repel all the assaults of their opponents, but the tone of his article helios his words. " Diane de Breteuillo " is a story, good in itself, and sympathetically told, but spoiled by an PXOCSMVO and needless amount of French. The writer may plead the example of Currer Bell in " The Professor," but he has not been successful in following it. Such mixtures as the following are simply exasperating : " Jo vions favour uno vision, ebor and,'' said he Vicomte do Moncnlpin, a young man of large expectations and little brains. " Va to promener, uno vision ; dis done bien uno realise, Adalbert ; " and then turning to me, le Comte de Rivera league mysteriously patted me on the shoulder, and whispered, " uno beauty On don de Paris ," said a cadet from St. Cyr. " Uno divinity en robe do bal," remarked a young scion of a noble house, then preparing for 15 Baccalauréat." In the Religious Tract Society's publications, namely the Leisure Hour, Sunday at Home, Boy's Own Paper, and Girl's Own Paper, with which may be classed Cassell's Magazine and the Quii'cr, one always finds abundance of good family reading. One could, however, wish that the Boy's Own occasionally gave its readers stories of a higher class something, for instance, approaching to " Tom Brown's School Days." Its stories are not harmful in the HOUSe in which many of the pernicious tales of burglaries and pirates, devoured by boys, are harmful, but they want ethical reality. A boy can seldom find in them patterns for his own life. Little Folks is altogether admirable. Its short stories for very young children are a specialty, and the serial of " Bunty and the Boys " is excellent The Magazine of Art contains an article on the " Blue Mountains " New South Wales, by Mr. Stephen Thompson, with four rather striking drawings. The best thing, however, is the paper on " Passing," the Venetian painter, whose humour witness his daring fun in the two pictures, of which engravings are given, of the Mass and the Procession of the Host-is, perhaps, the most original in the present day. 