BUNDABERG. (FROM OITK OWN OORIiKSPONnr.N'T. ) November 9. To give some idea of the number of Poly nesians who fiii-1 an everlasting home in Queensland soil, it may be stated that of the thirty-three persons who died in this vicinity last month, no less than twenty-two were kanakas. As I write the people are leaving here in shoals for various country resorts, to spend St. Wales' Birthday. The Heads, with sailing races there, are the ereat attraction. It is now suggested that the Eolan Board return the £500 they borrowed from the Government, as there is at present little intention of electing the hall at Gin Giu for which tlie money was obtained. On Saturday Private Howe ' ot ours' lost his right eye, by the ' splash ' from one of tlie bullets striking it. The unfortunate man waited in the trench instead of the proper place, and suffers a terrible loss through his want of caution. Alderman Curtis who does perhaps the largest auctioneering business in the district, has resigned his municipal position, and our world has no sooner got over this Burprisc, when another takes its place in the shape of Mr. M. D. Gadsden's candidature. The elec tion takes place on the 25th instant, and meanwhile Mr, 'Dougy' will go into heavy training to study the ' waste life ' question. Naturally as things seem to be drawing to wards an end in the 'Ouse, Mr. W. Adams' name is coming more frequently into use and I find that our representative was never spoken of so badly as he is at present, and this is saying a great deal. When he was elected it was by no means tlie man— for many were asked before he was —hut the principle that won him vintorv. and the rnLVf dorzbfcfl no to his U6e have unfortunately been found to be too well founded. An illiterate man is not always a drawback, but add to that incapacity to improve by experience, or to show the necessary modesty which should Burround ignorance and you will find out what has principally brought the people here to view W atty as a political failure. W. Adams Esq. , M.L.A., will try again at the next election, but he has not the ghost of a chance, and the best thing that his late supporters can do is to look round for a better politician. They need not go far for that, for the present member is nothing of the kind. Bain has been falling with occasional thunderstorms, and the parched earth looks all the better. I am sorry to learn that a number of planters are suffering from an over supply of cane, much of which they will have to Dura soon as Millaquin has more than it can take. A second and! also large refinery is badly needed; ? ? 