LitEr"AND UNLIKE. ft BT.M '"E. BBADM0, Anthaor Ladyl Aadllc' 3Srel,' Ete. ,CaonTB XXV.-PaSr CURE. Lady Balfield was contena so chrri.h and task much of her danglter-io.law without airg any awkward qa1ttions. There rai cletter of remonstrance from Vale-ntlr theratore it migt ble supposed that b2 t:ok no obj:ction to hi wiIfe abseno t; a&d; eI «a all was well. Early houar, frer air, plireans society, would no doubt soon exerciue a good irflecce upon Helen's health and spirits Brtbtsi would return to the lfair youn a5ee, and reviving health would brtg a bappirr ramse of mind. Ifofn ici.nrmed very am'ably to a'l brr tO:hr in.law's arrangneom nt. She w"en to herrona soon atter ten c''c: every cight, texep: when there ware viortr; buhot tl. wae aloiee ample latitude as to baher habits in the morning, and rarely app ,ared until alter brealfuat. bhe walked aca drove with Lad) Blifield, and took afternoon tea with Lady Beldeld'ariends. She did not care to ride or to play tennals, and thane amuoaemeni were not presset cpan her cither by Adrian or his mother. It might bo that all ahe wanted wan rest. Adrian watched her attlnlively. withcat seeming to watch fullet tear. He knew now but too well, how weak I reed this was upon whiib he had once haurded the happincs oa hNi own lite Mr. BoktCorai and the Frremantles w.:re the most frequent viritors in ihr long nommEr days, dropping in at all houra. !itting about the lawn with Lily Bltid;l and her Eoo bringing all the news ,f :he parish, and disossiong the more stirring, though leas ijterelting, news ct the outer world. SoeJa.imea the mlieas Trediucy came in, an bour belore atlernoon tea, juast in time for a donble set at tennis, wi:tl Alrian and Loey Freemantle, who was lIess heep.tfced and a good deal prettier at twenty thin she hdi bern at eigh:een. She was a tall, fair girl, with li;ht brown hair and clear blue eye- cryes in whi:b the very spirit ol candid and innocent girlhooii seeand so smile and sparkle. bho was a hppy-teimpered, bright, industrious girl, helping her tather and mother in all their hobbie and all their plans, and roling her very interior brother with afflntionate tyranny. There could hire been no greatar contrant than that between Lucy Freemantlie, in the Tigoor and freshness ot her girlhoaol. and Halan Befield, in her broken health and depressed spirits. *What a very ad change in your pretty aanghter-inalaw,' said Mrs. Frecmr ntle to Lady Belfield. ' 8he a'nks as it she were going ito a dealine.' *Oh, we won't allow her to do that. She is here to ke cared,' Oonstance replied, cheerflly. bSh did not want to hare Helen pitied and despaired shoot by hilt the county. *Peopl! told me the was quite the ra.e in Lodoan when I was there in Jane,' rail Mitilds Trinacey. 'I met her at two or three parties, and she was always so aor. rconded that I couldn t g-t a wcrd with her; and I hope, dear Lady Bcldeld, you won's feel olieaded i I oawn that I don't like Mrs. BEddeley, and That I rather avoided any encounter with her.' Lady Belfeld was silent. She, too, had her dobtls about Mrs. Biddely,. and was cot fanclred to take op the codgels in that lady's behalf, albeit the inwardly resented Miul Tredneey's impertinence. The dayl went by poaetfally andpleasantly enough, buhot there was no reinval of Helen's spiritu. Country air and country hours were doing her some good, perhaps. She was a litle les wan and pale than the had been on her arrival, but Adrian's solm watchfalness percsived no improvement in her moral being. If she smiled, the smile wasr vidtenil an dffort. When ihe talked there was the eame ir a cInetrnint. It he esme upon her nsuddenly in the drawingroam or the garden. it wasu generally to find her sitting In listless Idleness, with the air of one for whom life bhd neither pleasore nor interest. Thistate of things went on for more than a mcnth. It wasthe middle of Augout, and the weather was soltrier than it had bh.n in 3aly. Mr». Baddeley was atoelebhing the quieter Tlritcra at a S:itboonugh hotel. and delighting her train of attcodants, who had rallied to that point from various abootliing iknaou n the Torkehire moors. Valectice was going to lad fro over the earth like the Evil One, in his joarneying from one race meeting to another. He occesiorelly favnured hit wife with a few harried lines from a pro riceial hotel, telling her his wheresbotir. He appeared thoroughly to approve of her residence at the Abtoy, ani promised to join her there before the firt c' Oatober. This, so tar as it went. seemed well, or at least it so seemed to Ladr Belfield. Adrian -was not altogether satisfird. II don't like Valertio's pasaion for the turt,' he said one day when he and Heleo were sitting on the lawn after loocheo, she making belier to work, he with a rolume of Herbert Spencer on his knee, and his thoughts very far from the pages of that philoropber. 'I hope, Helen, there is no truth in a rumonr that I heard at my club when I was in Lon don the other day.' ' What rumour!' 'A man assured me hat Valentine bhas a Sshare in Lord 81. Aastell's racing stable.' he erimso. ed at that sadden utterance Olf 1. Anitell's nname, and coold scarcely answer him. 'I-I-have noave heard ot aoch a thlng,' sihe said. 'Bntyoo know that St. Anitell and your hbuband are close friendl, although they only met a little whillahlere your marriage. when St. Anstell was at Uiorcomb. If there is ay truth in the report, Valentine is in the tight way to Ignominions bankruptcy. He has only your settlement and the allowance my mother makes him. Neither ol those would be available for his creditors. 'Practically be is a man of straw, and has no right to speealale in a racing stad.' 'I don't beliare he dors speculale. He ike. to go to races, and he bets a little somtimes. He has gicen me maney that he has won on the tart. I know that there is a gtable belonging to-to-Mr. BIlchinag-and Lotd St. Anatell; bhot I don't think Valentine bas anything to do with it, beyond going to look at the horses now and then.' 'I hope yoa are right, iHelen. The torl is an evil thingat beas; it wou!d be deadly lor my bother. Ihope ho will hase had enough of race-meetings by the end ol this year, and that he will sober down to a more domests litle. That pretty Japanee draw ingroom of yoan onght not to be always ampty,' Helen did not reply. Her hbead bent lower over that groap ol jcpjina in crnecl stlteh which she carried abnot with her in a basklet all day long, and ahicb seemed to make no more progrese than PineloF's web. Within two or toree daye airer this Uitlo convrsration, Sir Adrian war srprierd by a snbtIe change inlhis aittrc-io-liw'a Siritel. It wan not that she rnetotd hipp!r than bfore; habt bshe wasu certinly lee listless, less despondent. She had nso air ci euppressed excitetent, which thowed itell in a lorced gaiety She Ilktd a areat deal more, eanghed at the smallest johi>s, and she anddenly taWk Ia inso her head ao play enni, violently with Jack Freemactle. To Adrisa itseemod as If she was impllid by someo hidden agitation which bond relirIf in ooe ment and acaapation oa any bind. Looking hack at the ecom ot rhe provitus day, he remembered thas sho hbat hec andeting aboat thb Park alone to the aLiternoon for twa or thre« hboor She had for the firt time, avoided drivicg out with Lady BHfield. on the groandtbatstbe .leroon wae cepreitelly warm; and thro sor n n er Imnnbeonshe had takes a bo t l n etrlenld oant into the gnrden. Ha hb- eite:d her olater on, and bad met her two bors alter wards. reorning rom the Italiatn ern by the licr, tbht ypreel walk wher. be hat re telved Cbs prool ot her inconltarcy. Hl ie t that there was an coil idonirooc at wore, and be toared that the aail intteace He had seen enoaeh while he was in Lon doan to inspire him with gr.oa doubts as to the relations between hils broiher' wile and that nobleman. SB. Asiell poavi"o0 anod Ct. anstell's reputation were alike dsogoroUs and that Uight natLre of Helen's was not armed tor trsistanes ian the bor of tempa * d by soslu omen wlhtbhesaathor. Iron. Adrian esamedtn u L. Kildet re"Ie ed to" "ta «uu Lw 'idare's terrace and the nir no r n the lsk, both opnac 1 as morning ride in the Wasc bith open to O spiaiona; and his heart b h foi e the woman who was to have C1emArrzna hXXVd -a'e O Satd EatE r While Helen rwas' hia ceri , osn alk a b lo ag tg he aternoon, Vlak wlentinet ais St. r whe, to Say ummer no hin owner * Ud re thee cires as wtell, a . e fiured had ale himrpied at noh t tmcita S. Au was not a his inth hen ad been tol opartner p in the S. rngell and eechi be thatble, ut eech is uhreaes i an, d he had ni atel himself op in mtheir turf the fir dP y of lon racr and I ..:hn hadbor angd "d pieltty high in the c Ige-; aithuer ran in e gagir thced mr lomsere and o f ecuring » coupe for the alentine bad baeef Posnterd rather evily for the Gr wa on the pandor h kwith that k;»echiog andthere as St. Abstell.a theit mnepY prtty freely, and that bulb he liWhin t doce To ellow ecin by, loing or 000010g wan a matter of very little ccnse. ubehin; ut like m mialetini whres he and 1 Beryching had utlkeno their et, pity, and I Uoos serY being when te lallk went agthe in tin. St. Aust ell was by no meing.s and Shat sa ! rd'ot o ces most be a matwin ter SNo. c He ble impoetoote. The vtable.'o horse would bup the q adrbpl if won this Und* Yer th ed Bie iogml , coolly. l* Youd cwa eur rioed ma atful oi mone.. s oe wllay Kin,'0 CrCas tWhen t arrived on the plet, t luoin join in Sims for thespciol. It had been arranged a week bhtre that ho, Beacrbc ing, and St. Aotell Were totravol together by I thand train, andwhich e Londthear eight in theI i mortcard, and the firest day of the races, and Igae hier to ock h O..' a site if oom together a c the hotel n'till the nd E opewa n over. M, ie doctoig had hiaged him to elf-r had been I. ared. H-willh te d abo in orthern Italy, prhooms, and f month a coup fo r o, nd the p ourne board P. andy. 0. mer. Beching was ong the platform, with his oghvalet in attendne pon him. The bt oye a wati engs.' and a pinie basket. Contortg I a Str a'tallg pie ga hitoen, and a youp, Bleo battles of ýci. 11. imm'm extra dry, was in tield. I don't ther ink St Q. Ausetll. w aythi dos that fedicallow mwon by bei tngo behind eimel arhaed Valetine, he h and been liee orig had earken heir sea liveand thty door, aer ybeing ko.lapp to, al along the In of c arrige.pital mo 't. haptell? le's ntet coming., deeply, woming e ot to se Poeard win O th e Great emire all ir aqaince Mr. B echoceing bd t o the stable.'i Sirritatsweed by thi ng, it oolly. 'you SDeuce he owed m a tfullo wmonet lot ofy and perother, and the other night h and wi I had a general square op, which resulted in ( my taking about seven nhillinge in theon raced nyow' all rgreaund.t day arenderedat his incame.rest in Thecd, andthe mirest of the d, lie and I gs himor bc his i..U'. coor ais going eleo India atio ae e o,'r gldne Why India.' Lppoings. Can't stand a Eupeol than winter. ed Sdoterscadvi te him lo try Cpeopln r Indi. Igo to race is keen opgn a gt and eastern tndr, ad are he's efl to Venice next week on his way east. I abordt hem itter about in orthern ldbppeItly, perhaps, fo a month or a , and then pt rail himself on board a P. and 0.' 6 Queer,' said Valentine. 'He never told me anything was wrng with hi langi i, thougeh he lop-i rather sicnly at the bet oftere times.' W can'trd all fter gladiatorsic led, Bwhich elated. I don't tbink St, ustell p-in there was anything radically wrong till hr went to i fieldr illiam nce-lr a little while age and bpoald hime , a oved rhauled. But he hs been lid op mre or lees every winter for the lweasther thr bee or four years, and he hascor lived pretty fast, as you bnoo. I shoold think IndiaI would be a rdpital move for him.'ad t cerhap,'n moedy led Valendine, drn twice deeply with benty w br ae. done to On the banged mire all th erir aounightce weer sorririire at St. Ausleti a soernue, and i. Bhechiag had to give the am e explan he n to, a good many people. t r. got theld was irritated by this iteration. roe for take theek, don't yon know, and lot of troublle he has given s,' he saidthm, angrily Make ought o have come to seeyo the yorse's perore, and whengh hoe bad pato ed withll hi intp etorte in him. Valetie, gt a good deal The great day and the great race cam be The a;es onlmir was a scene of life and movement. of vivid cotoer aod ceaseless ani mwation, a ceill, of unier slopi gladesward, and carrald sppend taiootg the picture amoing a whol hiut in deltail thee wa a gou od deal of dic appointoment. It weas only the disinlcretted oetes-onthe frivolous p oople who go hotel, race himeetings to t and drink and stpare teabout thand had them carried to the odoppcent nd bumpkins, who stand beside the racils aled gazim at the cene as at the figdres in a lpreldcwpe f-it is enly for thre cantry here is no bitter in the p of plawasure, no fly in the ointment. o etcard, after a mit asleent lead, hiorh elated all his cplers, shout ep-in Mr. off t feld's pearlane-lie a telecope. He was a powerful horse, aod would have poled splen oidly theerah heavy rawoed. black the wenigather id been peerless, nd the couanrse ws ithidry and hard, so the lighter horses had the advantage. Borchieg and Beldeld ate their lunch in moody Silece, and dranby toice a deeply u hey ponld havee moroo atignalise worna tiop w tal. c fdenally Sreteo hainged if I opeod nother night in this arsed hole: ' maid Valentine when the day's racing was over. 'Oh, yo'd better swheitn. I've lotthe rones for the week, don't yen know, and I shall bane to pay pretty wtifly toe them, and I'v ordered dinner. oue may juas cc well stay. bake it Ykbi btre if ybeou gruoodge ourn money, and when y ome back to tout I'll squatsop. retortel Valentine, sulkily. I'm Siredof the whole 0o051055. d oubrtablehas eHe broght a oc i herGod reig rndht It wa onery halfpste ee o'clock; the sionh the great green vallry In vast masses of which wecs takring the rcaing men hack to A' vryJ hrcta~irg woman,' eatS his mIene w.o a ta.,U, "and a very n.ngen,ut. one. Sne's about the claveert woman out, I think, lor without Compromieing hereclf very seriously she has contrived t make more out of her admirers than any woman in London. She must have bied Beching to the tune of a small fortune, I nosy.' Oh, Beecbing Is fair game,' said the ethet man. , Nobody minds B.eching. That kind of pigeon was made to be plucked ; besides, Beiching is uncommonly carefl. c Nobody will ever do him anyharm. He has a the commercial intellect fully developed You may depend be keeps a close account of his menus plaiedrs, his grase.widows and a such like, and knows to a shillmng what they cost him, and will never exceed the limits of etrict prudence.' .r. Bolfield's attention was folly I a oakencd by this time. He had torneo himseif round in his shadowy earner, rni was watchiug and lia;enring withb all hi. might. lie boo ne on f the men, a member oi the Badominton and the Argus, slightly ; ho other not at all.b 'The worst story against her is the ltory tI f the diamonds,' eaid the man whom he p did not know. SAb, you were in Inlia when it hap pened, and knew all about it, I 6uppose,' d rplied the other. It was a rather ugly tory, I believe, but I never heard the lEtsils.' SI was in Baddeley's regiment when rhe sme to India with him,' said the other. She had not been married six months, and was about the loreliest woman Iever eesaw in oy life. As hbausaoue as Mrs. Bielield is n now, that spleodid Irish beauty, which is nosurpaeaable while it lasts, great grey eyes with black lashes, a complexion o lilies and t tarnations, form and colour alike lovely andI xantiant, a woman who makes every a nad in the streets stop all agape to look at i ter. She startled us at our hill station, I :rn tell you, and the Baddsley matinees aged there all that season like hydrophobia. lee of our men, a poor little lieutenant, a h ere lad, Lord Brompton's son, rook the a lirese very badly. What was sport for ca was death to him. iie fell madly in love with his Masjor' wife, and hang about her tnd followed her about in a distracted, desa airing way that would have been laughable I and it not verged upon the tragin.' 'Did she encourage him !' 'Of ocarse she did. He was a swell, and a to had lote of money. the nick-named him Baby, talked of him as a "nice boy," and a sefore long he was known everywhere as Are. Baddeley'e Baby. He didn't seem to nind people laughing at him. We went to tnlcotta later on, and there were noals and all sorts of high jioks going on, and Mrs. Baddeley was the belle of the place, and everybody, romm the Governor-General down rards, was avowedly in love with her. Poor younag Strood hung on to her, and was a ravage with every man eho spoke to. One eight, at the Governor-General's ball, she ie :ame out into a blaze of diamonds. One of a chaffed the IMajor about his wife's ewellery ; but he toor it as easily as poseble. She had hired them from Facet, the great Calcutta jeweller, he told as. "I supposs p [ shall have to pay pretty etlfll for the aue p of them," he said, "but if she likes to eat a a tash in borrowed plumes, I can't complain. 'ell be a deuced long time I'm afraid before t1 bhe'll be able to show a diamond necklace of her own."' The speaker stopped to light a fresh cigarette, and then went on lazily, dropping t aut his sentences between pufft of tobacco. i SBaddeley is a big, good-natured, self- b indulgent ass, but I don't know that he's e anything more than that. We all laughed at his story of the hired diamonds, and six t months afterwards when young Stlrnd broke t for ei and-twenty thousand, most of it money borrowed from Calcutta Jows, we all c knew that Mrs. Baddeley's diamonds counted for somethmng, and Mrs. Basdeley'e little caprices for something more in the lad's entanglements. We were all very sorry for him. Brompton was adid to be a martinel, c and the young man went about Calcutta loching as white as a ghost for a week or two, while he was trying to make terms with d his creditors. Then one mornmg in barracks there was a great soare. Young Stroud had ahor himselt hall an hour after morning parade. He had left two letters on his table, one addressed to his father, the other to Mrs. Badd, ley. SHow did the lady take it !' eI suppose she was rather sorry. She never showed hberself in Caloutla after the catastrophe. The regimental doctor went to see her every day, and the Major told every one that she was laid up with low lever, and that the climate was killing her. She went bakh to England a month or so after Strono'a death, and she carried the spoils of war with her anod has worn them ever since.' SAnd you think the younger sister is as badl' said the other man thoughtfully. There was no malevolence in either of them. They were only discussing one of the problems of modern society. ' I don't know about that. I believe abe has more heart than Mrs. Baddeley; and that she is over head and ears in love with n 3 . Austell. They have been carrying on all the season, and I wonder they haven't bolted before now.' SMy dear fell!!, nobody bolts nowadays. Elopemetes are our of fashion. There is nothing forther from the thoughts of a modern seduoer than a imboage. The days of r of postlaeisee and Italian villas are over. I We love and we ride away, St. Austell Is a man of the world, and a man of the time. Here we are, old chap. My trap is to meet as here.' They took op their sticks, hats, and over coats, and left the carriage before Valentine Beleld's brain had recovered from the shock of a sudden revelation. He started to his feet as they went out, called out to the man he knew, followed to the door just as the porter slammed it, and the train moved on. He hardly knew what he meant to do. Whether he would have called the slanderer to account, caned him. challenged him. He stood by the door of the swiftly moving carriage, dazed, bewildered recallirg that Idle talk he had overheard from the darkness of his oearner yonder, wondering how much or how little truth there was in it al. About Mro. Baddeley, hls wife's sister! Well, there might be some foundation for scandal there, perhspe,. He hadlong known that shewas a coquette, and a clever coquette habo knew how to lead her admirers on, and how to keep them at bay. iHe knew that Beebhing bad ministered pretty freely to the lady's caprices; and he had always looked opon St. Austell as the lady's favoured admirer, and the man for whom she was in some danger Cf compromising heretlf. The story of young Stroud's futile passion Ior his Major's wife, and of costly jewellery piven at a time when Lord Brompton's heir eas already deeply in debt, was not altogether newto him. He had heard some vagun eiots in the past; but men had been shy of alluding to that old story in his presence. He had known that his sister-e.n-law had been talked about; but no man had ever dared to insinnate that she was ayehbirg asorse than a clever woman, and perfectly capable of tahing care of herself. I back lirs. Bsddcley and her poodli against Lucretia and her dsgger,' he had breard a stranger say one night in the clnb aemokingroom, and it had seemed to his somewhat ajnieal temper that his wife coold not be rafer thas with a throoughly worldly woman, a woman who knew every knot and revelled eni in the 'reemy side' of coeiety. But St. Aostell his wife's admirerl They two head over ears in love with earh other ! Never for one instant had sch a po:sibili:y dawned upon; and yet those we men had talked as if that mutual paesaon were an Established fact, known to all the world, euoept to him, the deluded husband. Helen, his Helen I The wife who bhad ra:isted him with esoetness, whose devotion had eloyed, whore fendners had been sImoee a borden. That she should play him false, that she abould care for any ether man ou earth. No, he could not believe it. Beoausre two fools in a railway carrilge chose to tell lies, was he to think that the woman who hod counted the world well lost for love of him had turned trickster and traitress and was carrying on with another man. St. Anstell, a notorious rake-a man who had the reputation of being fatal in bis - fluence over women. _ • The man had eeened sate enough no long 7 as he had thought of him only as Mrs. p Btddeley's lover; but with his suspiciana newly aroused, Valentine Belfield looked ci back at the history of the last few months fi, and saw all things in a now light. lHe remembered how in all Mrs. Baddoley's re festivities-at Harliugham, Ranelegh, or of Suldown; water parties at Henley or p Marlow; Sunday dinners at Richmond; at Greenwich--S. Austell had always been one It of theparly. BeDening and St. Austell had Ii always teen at ho.nd. Whoever else 3 Was included, thISe two were in. gl evitable. iHe had reckone. them both as L?ncora's devotees; they were li t:me pair which b drleave in her car of triumph, like Vtaus'e dotes or Joan's p 'atoeCeks. 0e poseeced her near;, and ru!e heer life; the th: wee her purse. I; earter. Knowing all this, c: believing this. ir to had yet beencau:eA ;; test his wile Choeld tI .ot vereywhre under wer ei;er'e wing. The i: arrangement relieved him of all trouble, and at Helen seemed happy. Pe:plh comphmented him upon his wife's beauty, and he accepted their praleea as a kind of tribute to himself; pleased to dhoi the world how careless he coeld afford to be about a wife whom every body sd?red, beeure in his unbounded dominion over her, able to neglect her if he chose, and yet to defy all rivalry. CrrePrsl XXVII.-As UNFlreSHED LETrur. Mr. Belfield sot broociog during the rtet of the journey to King's Craoe, and his thoughts greow darker with the darkening night. Yee, St. Austell had haunted his wie's footsteps all through the season that o was past. Hie had hes:d of them riding in the Low ; is was St. Austell who had ne anosen Helen's horse at Tatterall's, and F, who had been otfteiously obliging in attend. t ing the sale and getting the animal for a pi price that seemed almost ridiculoruly at er variance with its quali:y. ei He could recall the whole transaction; th how in Sn. Austell's presence one evening, 14 after a little dinner in Mrs. Baddeley 'a rooms, Helen had entreated him to buy her le a horse, urging that it was odious to ride hired animals, smelling of the livery.etables, of and Euggestive of a riding maiter in butc.ere m boats; bow he had declared he coldn't or afford to buy; and how St. Anatell had b; told him that is would be a more economical it arrangement than hiring, and had suggested yt that a good horse might be got for a little money now that the hunting was all over. S1 " What do you call a little money ' di Valentine had asked, annoyed at his wife's et persistence, and at St. Austell's Inlerference. ye 'Well, I suppose you might pick up a di goo: Park back for ninety or a hundred. SNearly twice as muc ase I should like to give,' answered Valentine, curtly. a' ' How much would you give it there were e0 an opportuni:y ? I am at Tattereall's nearly d every day, and I would be on the loot ou if I knew what you wanted.' w '1 don't want anything. There are a, plenty of horses in Devonshire that my wife fe and I can ride when we're there.' at ' Bat Dcronehire isn't the Park, Val.' at pleaded Helen. ' I want a horse for the h' Park awfully,' whereupon Mr. Belfield shrogge his ehoolders, and said he would g' give ifty or sixty guineas for a hbak, rather than be bothered ; and with this nn graeioos permission his wife was fain to be w content. Three days after this conversation, Valen tine foundl Lord St. Auetell's groom waiting et in front oa Wilkie Mansions with a thorough bred bay horse, which he was gently leading t< up and down the road. h SHis Lordvhip's compliments, and this is the horse he has bought for you, sir,' said the man. ' Ravioli, grandson to Manaroni. t Valentine looked the animal over criti rally. S ' Is he sound?' he asked. ' Ye, si. His Lordship's vet, looked at him before the sale.' ' Well, he is very handsome ; and it his manners are as good as his looks, his Lord. ship has made a good purchase' Valentine met St. Ausetell at his club next day, and gave him a cheque for fifty-seven guineas, at which sum the horse had been a knocked doawn to him at Tattereall'e. At soob a price, the animal, if soanund. was an unquestionable bareate. Valentine had ridden him roand the Raow, and had found his paces admirable, although he was obviously over.weighted by anything above twelve atone. For a light weight like Helen the horse was perfeotlon. 'The yard must have been asleep when you bought him,' said Valentine. 'Oh, I knew how to bide my time and waton my opportunity,' ansewered St. Anete!, t lightly. 'I am very glad yon're eatisfid with my choice.' ' More than eatisfied, my.dear fellow.' Sothe matter had ended. Mr. Belfield, full I of his own schemes, pleasures, and excite ments, had thoought so more of ihs horse, t except to remember that he had made a sacrilce to his wife in bhying him, and that she ought to be very grateful. t To-night, looking back at the past in the f new light of awakened doubts, he shrewdly suspected that St. Austell had fooled him, I and that, under the pretene of getting a bargain at Tattersall's, he had presented the a woman he admired with a horse that had coest three times as moch as her husband was willing to pay. And she had known the secret of the transaotion, no doubt, and they had laughed together at the husband's meanness, and at the ease with whabich he had i beenhcod winked. Va!entloeBelfieldalmost e choked with rage at the idea of his own t blindneass. ' To think that I should be deceived by any woman-above all by my wife-the wife I won as easily as a pair of glovee-and by i heaven, I thought she was as much my own as my gloves ormy hat-as faithful to me as my favourite dog.' Yet remembering how easily ehe had been won, how quickly shabe had wavered in her e fidelity to Adrian, he could scarcely wonder that she had faltered in her truth to him. St. Austell was farcinatig., a man of I eminently seductive manners deeply read in that modern literstare which women appreciate, distinctly a man to please women -while he, Valentine, was a sportsman, ear. ing very little for women's soriety, and mak nlog n sacriaiee to please them, despiing them rather as a lower order of beings whose nature it was to be suppliants and adorers of the master spirit, man. He hadnever thought of his wife's love for him as a measurable quantity, whirh he might exhaust. ' She has been a fool, and she has been a coquette,' he said to himeelf, as the train steamec past the shabby streets and gaslit windows of nerthern London, 'bot I don't believe she has been anythieg worse. It will be my business to drive her with a tighter rain in otoore. Tcu havebeen allowed to go too free, my pet. Is must Oe ourb instead of seflle, hcnoceforward. He had business in Lendon which must needs be done before he coald look after his wife. Po'tcard's defeat meant loses which amoonted almost to financial ruin. Money would have to be raised, and at a sarrifice. He could not bring himself to appear to his mother for help in a turf difiulrty; firstly because she had hen very generous to him already, and secondly beeanse there were other dtioultise, othcrdebte imminent, fer ohich Ce would be abliged to ask her asseist. Under there circometances he went to a Jew money lender, and involved himself deeply in order to raise money a?gainet :etrlieg day. From the money-leroder's cite he went to Tattervall', where he was almost Iv well-.known as Lord St. Austell. He sow oue neof the chief clerke, a man with whom he I bhad beet on familiar terms ever sinae ha had Sb.en a Lrcquenter of the famouas nucion yard. ' There was a horse sold hero last April,' hI be said, 'a thoroaghbreed by, grandson of SMacaroni, I want very mw:a to know at a what figuro that hore was knocked down. I've got a bet upon it.' ' e\ hate your bet, Mr. Bleield, if it's not ian impertitent quertion! aesed the man easily. a 'If it was, I wa:dn't mind it from you, SJones,'anwer:d Valentline. 'l'ree laid two rto one that Ravioli fe:ched over two a bundcred' 'I think you're pretty safe, sir, I remember a the horse. He was one of Cuptain Poppin' gay's lot, and they were all good 'non. Ill turn up the cEtalogue in a rcoute. April 76 ,, lthh, 14,n, yes, Dre they are, hunters, park hacks, team of coach horser.' sGi ran hie fingor down the pages of a catalogue, his practiecd eve following the figures with amazong rapidity. The prices realised by the horses were written in the margin besido the lot numbers, and the names of the porchasers on the other side of the page. 'Ravioli, five years old, thorooghbred, has been hunted with the Pytehley, osrries a lady,' he read. 'Tour money's Pamt, Mr. Belfield. Two hundred and Esventy eight goineao . Lord St. Auntell bought in.' 'Toat's your ticket,' aoewercd Valentioe, lightly, 'I thought I was pretty safe. Good cight, a thooUand thanks.' itH had juot time to catch no anternoon Cr.u for the West of Englned, a train which Iel W!eVrloo lste in the f:ernoono, and which rwa duo at Chadlord road station a litle bhe tore midoight. It was a slow traio, and one oy which he would only have travelled in an emergeuoy. (ro as ceorseose) 