HAWKESBURY RACE CLUB SPRING MEETING. [BYSPLCtAL WIRE] (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT) SYDNEY, THURSDAY The opening day of the Hawkesbury Spring Meeting was favoured with (fine weather, but the attendance was not more than 8,000 or 4 000, and was scarcely up to the average The club authorities have made several improvements since the last meeting. The one which was most appreciated in the formation of a terrace on the lawn, enabling occupants to have a good view of the running 'the course, which is thickly grassed, was in good order, though extra Just tune was not recorded Mr A. 'Down occupied the judge a box with his usual ability, and Mr Joseph Kean was successful with the Ung, though several of the jockeys gave so much trouble, especially in the last race that he inflicted a line of £10 on each jockey) Half a score of horses went to the post for the Hurdle Race, and in the absence of Invictus and others that would have come in for support, lavotintiBiu was accorded to Bound The start was a good one, and Speculation going to the front never have anything a ghost of a chance, and won very easily, but the victory was in a great measure due to the met that the event was reduced to a flat race after the first mile had been travelled lim winner had very few friends, and his win opened proceedings favourably for the layers of odds Only three were stripped for the Hawkesbury Guineas, odds being freely laid on Jjowmont, a line strapping colt by St Albans and Reprieve a sister Purdon Blnrniy forced the pace for three quarters of a mile, when the other pair, who had been watching each other, closed upon him, and Hales, riding a great race from the district, landed Lava a winner by a short length The time was given at lunn Place , but afterwards lunn 45sec as correct. For the County Purse only 11 horses weighed out. The Queen was installed first favourite at 5 to J, but failed to get a place, and Morok u 1 to 1 chance, just got up in the last few binder, and won a Blushing nice on the pose toronto was made an even money favourite for the Public Auction Stakes, but Leumeah jumping off in front was never headed, and also won by three quarters of a length The winner was bought in for JUOJ Only seven faced Mr Joaeult Kean for the September Handicap, and Here a Luck was made a great favourite, but after which the journey had been completed he dropped to the extreme rear, and 1 fence won in a canter A protest was entered against the winner upon the grounds that he had crossed La Villette The moves tigation has been adjourned until Saturday The following are the details of the racing - HURDLE RACE, Mr John Cannon's til g Speculation, by Blair Athol am K -ly Boots, aged, Oat. Lib (V. Anderson) Mr R 1 Lord s b g Bound, 0 ) ra, list (Keighran) Mr S Fielder. his Uncle Ned, aged, 9st 10lb (lived an) Mr L C Cousins b g Caloola, need, lost 8lb (-astride.) . Mr J tconsou s g g Ballarat, aged, 9st. 10lb (J Malone) Mr W hill) s I r g Dceopliun, aged, 9st 7lb (Jones) Mr M (Ryan ns h g Belvidere, 6 yrs 9st Gib (e 1 Mill, 3) Mr H thomas ch m Mowollock, aged, 9st 5lb. (Un-)) Mr R H daughters. go Beacon, near!, Ost. 510 (H 11,11111 Mr then s ch g Sir -lease 5 yrs, 9st. Lib (T in ii"!) Betting -2 to 4 acres Bound G to 1 ogst Ballarat to 11 cast Undo Ised I am 1 each sent speculations arid Lelvi are circulating an I season showed the way over the first fair to by three lei lbs from Ballarat Uncle Ned, and dance ton The last named then ran into second place an I not be riding. by three lengths on pass at, the Cue I AfterthcincaiiioUneloNed Bound and Ballarat on close teams succeeded by Manollock,Uolvldoro,and Decenttoii, nith C doors the length- in the rear Uncle Ned, Su ejeton an 1 Botin 1 on close terms l runs into next to speculation to the back of the sea and at the far corner Hound sing ed out and t in a result of the leader who has treat!) assisted by the bur lies I can be locked down speculation had not already in holding. his own and I he won easily by like a dozen lengths from Bound who b at Uncle Nil I) a head Ballan has three fourths am fourth Time 1min 54sec II WV 1 BURT nUIN- 13, Of 10 guineas each and 250 guineas added Fi three year olds secured 50 guineas, third I came is Uno mile Hon James White a br of Lava, b) Chester Etna, s s. (Hales) Mr S A Blackman S ch o Blarney, by Marvellous -I existing 8st 5lb (Value) Mr D Cooper also Bovvuiont, by St, Albans Pardon Sat 5lb (Miss) Betting -6 to 1 on Iron most, 7 to i ngst Lava, Id to I ache Blarney from a good start Blarney took up the running the lo for about six furlongs when the favourite 1 Lava dress mail) level, but the son of Marvellous is not to be denied and, Sailing an avenue he led into the street by the deaths, followed by Bon moi t II ) though he had been going apparently well within himself, suddenly) collapsed and fell bool Hales then brought up Live, and, after colliding with the (starring, favourite, tim daughter of Chester settled down to work, and catching; the leader at every step to, who won a car) Uni race by a length from Blarney, still the favourite) eight let His off third Time for a 45sec couNTY runs, Of the sons cvh with 900 sons, at lol second, 00 sons third 10 sobs One mile lion James W lute a he Mores, by the Drummer -Janet yrs 7st (Huxley) 3 Mr H 'Roberts bro Ltlehharilt, i yrs 7st 12th (M Mullins ) S Mr J Urihauia b m Tilda, 0 pre 9st, 4lb, (erroll) S Mr W J Forrester's ch m Folly, 5 yrs, 8st 2lb (C Uoti.n>) 0 Mrs I L o d a ch g I rolls, 6 yrs, 7st. 8lb (Gal helier) 0 Mr I Kerris eli (, Victor), 6s 7st. 4lb (Ncrri ker) 0 Mr John Mu) o a b of The Queen, v yes, at Stb (Doolan) 0 Mr T Monahan ns brig Rosebud, 5 yrs, 9st, 121 (I offer a) 0 Mr J goes Jun br li The Felon, 6 yrs 9st 10lb (J G J ) 0 Mr an I in a bail Sentence, eyes Get 121 (Red team 0 Mr J Monaghan ns b in Astrea 6 yrs Oat. 101 b (Geary) 3 Betting to a cast The Queen 4 to 1 nest March 7 to 1 LEt. To laid 3 to 1 out 1 oil), 10 to 1 each agst Had I and V victory Iroma tail Its! story Astral s colours appeared dont n 1 clio Iel bills by half a length along" the back of the course of Mrs L Gebhardt The Queen, Morok ondVlctirv next folio v 1 by sentence and 1 oil), while the hero who was slow to I Can not going resistless in) its, ill is It into the straight and ASH V ii. It (, a very Iclihl if It II i Queen and Morok look at the next hill ans e at yeare I to line the race In 1 and it the distance buthaltviay tin Leleilnrlt chill need for rail Morok confer, with a net sill on the left a grant race ensued to suttlliL, In (hour of Moree at) the shortest of half heads from Le el edit also beat T 114 by) a head for honours A con le of lcic,tl9nnay carrie frolic followed is stallion Jolly Victory hotel and and bent nee, who also held 11 tabled last The little 43sec rumors were STAKES, Of 100 FOR beef 1 10 sold Weight for age Win or to be so 1 for No son and wife Mr J lliillsbui filly ah 1) H held Dated in length whilst I b (Trott) 1 Mr James For tel a b m Arista 2 j 6yrs, 9st. 5lb '6 lines) 2 Mr H Ox ninnis b g Toronto, £7 aged, 7st, 7lb (Harris ) 3 Mr A Oralea bl theatrette nil 6yrs, 6st, 8lb MARK II) 3 Betting, -Even on Toronto 7 to 1 nest Maisonette, 6 of 1 right I can call to to 1 eggs Vristi Leu i cul J in a 1 oil in front to an ii lifTcrcnt start an 1 she will go about mainly, by three quarters of a length from Arista time full tosses SI I mind HANDICAP, Of 150 soil is not I Osos third 10 son Once round One! Ho and a Quarter and 65 yards. Mr W Lucas b o Lingerie by Rai 11 Hay-Cro morne 1 yrs 7st Oil (Bill.) Mr I M Catt), is of In Bellette, 3 yrs 6st. 8lb (died Feb) 2 Mr I Brown g g D'cainor, 0 yrs 6st. 121 (Corn) Mr W J Forrester s blk Here's Luck, "lied Sst (0 (To ich) 0 Mr Joh i (Almond bl j Merlin Okol, 7st 10lb (M Auliffe ) 0 Mr M H) in an old and comes, 0 j la. 7st. 7lb (Milne) 0 Mr I D II) mo s b h Kingswood aged 7st, 2lb (Doolan) 0 notice e - 2 to 1 agent Hero a I note a to 1 agst La V allots to 1 it is ditto 7 to 1 agst Dreamer Dreamer on I VU rain here pilot car on their legs with HUON Luck and Ktnesnool in attendance The latter ron to the front at the old mile ) lost. and li to the far corner where he retire 1 and Lu A ballette was left in company of nth church on close terms with Hero's luck suddenly fell back no ill last When till) In the home stretch I b, free shot to the Front but I ociniotitoiolllflon with laVatlotto and I no ko 1 her out of her Bllldo, and drawn away he met an early is thin or four lengths train I a \ allotted folloncl 1) Dream or vvliowmitlilrd, then Here's Luck and I access Time 2min Spice. The following scratchings have been made for the Hawkesbury) eiiL,n(,onunta -Hawkes bury) Handicap St stones Produce Stakes, Habana colt Helen colt, Preceptress lilly, Amethyst colt, Verily colt, Ladybird colt, and filly, Marchioness colt, Carlyon, Cran. brook, Abercorn, Enigma, and Locksley. 