CHAPTER XXXI. ACCUSER AUD ACCUSED. There had been solemn council in the houBe of Aether glen. Mrs* Luttrell and Mr. Colquhoun had held long interviews; letters and papers of all sorts had been produced and compared; the dressing-room door was closed againBt all comers, and even Angela was exoluded. Hugo was once summoned, and came away from the conference with the air of a desperate man, at once baffled and fierce. He lurked about the dark corners of the house as if he were afraid to appear in the light of the day; but he took no one into his confidence. Fortune, oharaoter, life itself perhaps, seemed to him to be hanging oa a thread. For, if Dino Vasari remembered his treachery and exposed it, he knew that he should be ruined and disgraced. And he was rcBolvcd not to survive any such publio exposure. He would die by his own hand rather than stand in the dock aB a would-be murderer. . , ...... Even it things were not so bad as that, he did not see how he was to exonerate himself from another charge, a minor one, indeed, but one which might make him look very black in eome people's eye9. He had known of Dino's claimB for many weeks, as well asot Brian's existence. Why had he told no one of his discoveries ? What if Dino spoke of the tissue of lies which he had concocted, the forgery of Brian's handwriting, in the inter view which they had had in Tarragon-street? Fortunately Dino had burned the letter., and there had been no auditor of the converse, tioc. Of course he must deny that he had known anything of the matter. Dino could prove nothing against him; he could only make assertions. But assertions were awkward things sometimes. ' So Hugo skulked and frowned and listened, and w&s; told nothing definite * but biw by the light of previouB knowledge that there was great excitement in the bosoms of his aunt and the family lawyer. There were . letters and telegrams sent off, and Hugo was | disgusted to find that he could not catch sight of their addresseB, much leBs of their con tents. Mr. Colquhoun looked gloomy; Mrs. Luttrell sternly exultant. What was going on J Was Brian coming home ? or was Dmo to be recognised in Brian's place 1 Hugo knew nothing. But one fine autumn { morning, as be was standing in the garden at Netherglen, he saw a dogcart turn in at the gate, a dogcart in which four men had with some difficulty squeezed themselves - the driver, Mr. Colquhoun, Dino Vasari, and a red-faced man whom Hugo recognised, after a minute's hesitation, as the well-known solicitor, Mr. Brett. . , Hugo drew back into the shrubbery and waitea. He dared not show himself. He . was trembling in every limb. The honr of bis disgrace was drawing near. Should be take advantage of the moment and leave Netherglen at once, or should he | wait and face it out 1 After a little reflection ho determined to wait From what he had . Been of Dino Vasari he fancied that it would not be easy to manage him. Yet he seemed to be a simple-minded youth, fresh from the precincts of a monastery: he coutu surely by | degrees be cajtled or bullied nio siiencc. 1. he did accuse Hugo of treachery it was better, perhaps, that the accused uhould be on the spot to justify himself. If only Hugo could see him before the story had been told to Mrs. Luttrell! He loitered about the house foe some time, then went to his own room, and began to pack np various articles which he Bhould . wish to take away with him if Mrs. Luttrell expelled him from the house. At every sound upon the stairs he paused in his occu pation and looked around nervously. When . the luncheon-bell rang be actually dared not go down to the dining-room. He summoned a servant, and ordered brandy and water and a biscuit, alleging an attack of illness as an excuse for bis non-appearance.^ And, indeed, tbe suspense and anxiety which he was en during made him feel and look really ill. He was sick with the agony of his dread. The afternoon wore on. His window com manded a view ol the drive; he was sure that the guests had not yet left the houBe. It was 4 o'clock when somebody at length approached hie door, knocked, and then shook the door-handle. "Hugo! Are you there I It was Mr. Colquhoun's voice. 41 Can't you open the door ?" Hugo hesitated a moment; then turned tbe key, leaving Mr. Colquhoun to enter if he pleased. He came in, looking rather asto niehed at this mode of admittance. " So! it's sick you are, is it? Well, I don't exactly wonder at that. You've lost your chance of Netherglen, Mr. Hugo Lut Hugo's face grew livid. He looked to Mr. Colquhoun for explanation, but did not speak. "It's just the most remarkable coinci dence I ever heard of," said Mr. Colquhoun, seating himself in the least comfortable chair the room afforded, and rubbing his forehead with s great red silk handkerchief. " Brian alive, and meeting with the very man who had a claim to the estate 1 Though, of oourse, if one tbinkB of it, it is only natural they should meet, when Mrs, Luttrell, poor body, bad been fool enough to send Brian to San Stefano, the very place wbere the child was brought up. Yon know the story ?" " No," said Hugo. His heart began to beat wildly. Had Dino kept silence alter all ? Mr. Colqnhoun launched forth npon the whole history, to which Hugo listened with out a word or comment. He was leaning against the window-frame, in a position from { which he could still see the drive, and his face was so white that Mr. Colquhonn was struck by itB pallor. "Man alive, are yon going to faint, Hugo? What's wrong?" I "Nothing. I've had a headache. Then my | aunt is satisfied as to the genuineness of this j claim?" ''Satisfied! She's more than satisfied," said the old lawyer with a groan. " I doubt myself whether the Court will see the matter in the same light. If Miss Murray, or if Brian Luttrell, would make a good fight, I don't believe this Italian fellow would win the case. He might. Brett says he wonld. But Brian-God bless him ! he might have told me he waB living still-Brian has gone off to America, poor lad, and Elizabeth Murray-well I'll make her fight if I can, bat I doubt-I doubt." " My aunt wants this fellow to have Strith leckie and Netherglen too, then?" " Yes, she does; so you are cut out there, Hngo. Don't build on Netherglen if Mar garet Luttrell's own son is living. I most be going; Brett's to dine with me. I need to know him in London." " Is Dino Vasari staying here, then !" Mr. Colquhoun raised a warning finger. " Y ou'll have to learn to oall him by another name, if he stays in this house, young man," he eaid. " He declines to be called Brian he has that much good sense-but it seems that Dino is short for Bernardino, or some such mouthful, and we're to call him Bernard to avoid confusion. Bernard Lnttrell - humDh !-I don't know whether he will stay the night or not. We met Miss Murray on our way up. The young man looked at her uncommonly hard, and asked who she was. I think he was rather etrack with her. Good-by, Hngo; take care of yourself, and don't be too downhearted. Poor Brian always told me to look after you, and I will." Bat the assurance did not carry the consolation to Hugo's mind which Mr. Colquhoun in tended. The two lawyers drove away to Danmnir together. Hugo watched the red lamps of the dogcart down the road, and then tamed away from the window with a gnawingaenee of anxiety, which grew more imperious every moment. He felt that he must do something to relieve it. He knew where the interview with Dino was taking place. Mrs. Lnttrell had lately been growing somewhat infirm-a slight stroke of paralysis, dangerous only in that it was probably the precursor of other attacks, had rendered locomotion particularly distasteful to her. She did not like to feel that she was dependent upon others for aid, and therefore sat usually in a wheeled chair in her dressing-room, and it was the most easily accessible room from her sleeping apartment. She was in her dresBing-room now, and Dino Vasari was with her. Hugo stole quietly through the passage, until he reached the door of Mrs. Luttrell's bedroom, which waB ajar. He slipped into the room and looked round. It was dimly lighted by the red glow of the fire, and by thiB din light he saw that the door into the dressing-room was also not quite closed. He could hear the sound of voices. He paused a moment and then advanced. There was a high screen near the door, of which one fold was so close to the wall that only a slight figure could slip behind it, though, when once behind there it wonld be entirely hidden. Hugo measured it with his eye. He wonld have to pass the aperture of the door to reach it, but a cautious glance from a distance assured him that both Mm, Lnttrell and Dino had their backs to him, and conld not see. He ensconced himself therefore between the soreen and the wall. He could see nothing but every word fell distinctly upon bis ear. " Sit down beside me," Mrs. Lnttrell was saying-how oould her voice hare grown so tender?-and tell me everything about your past life. I knew-I always knew- that that other child was not my son. i have my own Brian now. Call me mother; it is long since I have heard the word." "Mother!" Dino's musical tones were tremulouB. " My mother! I have thought of her all my life," " Ay, my poor son. and but for the wicked nesa of others I might have seen and known you years Bgo. I had an interloper in my house throughout all thoBe years, and he worked me the bitterest sorrow of my life." i " Do not speak so of Brian, mother," said Dino gently. " He loved you-and he loved Richard. His loss-his grief-has beengreater even than yours." "How dare you say so to me I" said Mrs. Lnttrell, with a momentary return to her old grim tones. Then, immediately softening them-"But you may say anything you like. It is pleasure enough to hear your voice. You must btay with me, Brian, and let me .east my eyes o u for a time. I have no atience, no moderation left; ' my son was ead and is alive again, he was lost and is found.'" He raised his mother's hand and kissed it silently. The action would of course have been lost upon Hugo, as he could not see the pair, but for Mrs. LiUttrell'a next words. "Nay." she said, "kiss me on the cheek, not on the hand, Brian. I let Hngo Lnttrell do it, because of his foreign blood; but you have only a foreign training which you must forget. They said something about your wearing a priest's drees; I am glad you did not wear it here, for you would have been mobbed in Dunmuir. It's a ead pity that you're a Papist, Brian; but we muat set Mr. Drummond, onr minister, to talk to you, and he'll soon ehow you the error of your ways." "I shall be very glad to hear what Mr, Drummond has to say," said Dino, with all the courtesy which his monastic training had instilled ; '' but I fear that he will have his labour thrown away. And I have one or two things to tell you, mother, now that those gentlemen have gone. If I am to disappoint you let me do it at once, so that you may understand." "Disappoint me I and how can you do that?" asked Mrs. Luttrell scornfully. " Perhaps you mean that you will winter in the south 1 If your health requires it, do you thick I would stand in the way ? You have a Bickly air, but it makes you all the more like one whom I well remember-your father's brother, who died of a decline in early youth. No, go if you like; I will not tie you down. You can come back in the summer, and then we will think about yonr settling down and marrying. There are plenty of nice girls in the neighbourhood, though none so good as Angela, nor perhaps so handsome as Elizabeth Murray." "Mother, I shall never marry." "Not marry? and why not?" cried Mrs. Lnttrell indignantly. " But you Bay this to tease me only: being a Luttrell-the only Lnttrell, indeed, save Hugo, that remains yon must marry and continue the family." "I shall never marry," said Dino, with a firmness which at last seemed to make an impression upon Mrs. Lnttrell, " because I am going to be a monk." ES Hugo could not stifle a quick catching of bis breatb. Did Dino mean what he said? And what effect would this derision have npon the lives of the many persons whose fotnre seemed to be bound up with his? What would Mrs. Luttrel say? At first she said nothing. And then Dino's voice was heard again. ICBC3I " Mother, my mother, do not look at me like that. I must follow my vocation. I would have given myself years ago, bat I was not allowed. The Prior will receive me now. And nothing on earth will turn me from my resolution. I have made up my mind." " What!" eaid Mrs. Luttrell, very slowly. " You will desert me too, after all these yeaiB!" Dino answered by repeating in Latin the worde-" He that loveth father or mother more than me ia not worthy of me." Bat Mrs. Luttrell interrupted him angrily. " I want none of your Latin gibberish/' she said. " I want plain common sense. If you go into a monastery, do yon intend to give the property to the monks? Perhaps you want to tun Netherglen into a convent, and establish a priory at Strathleokie ? Well, I cannot prevent you. What foola we are to think that there is any happiness in this world!" "Mother}" said Dino, and his voice was very gentle, "let me speak to yon of another before we talk about the estates. Let me speak to you of Brian." " Brian 1" Her voice had a checked tone for a moment; then ehe recovered herself and spoke in her usual harsh way. " I know no one oi that name bntyon." " I mean my friend whom yon thought to be your son for BO many yean, mother. Have you no tenderness for nim ? Do you not think of him with a little love and pity? Let me tell you what he suffered. When ne came to us first at San Stefano he was nearly, dying ol grief. It waB long before we nursed' him back to health. When I think how we all learnt to love him, mother, I cannot but believe that you must love him too." "Inever loved him," said Mrs. LuttrelL " He Btood in your place. If you bad a spark of proper pride in you, you would know that he was your enemy, and you will feel towards him as I do." " He is an enemy that I have learned to love," answered Dino. "At any rate,, mother"-hia voice always softened when he called her by that name-"at any rate yon will try to love nim now." "Why now?' She asked the question, sharply. " Because I mean him to fill my place." There was a little eilence, in which the fall' of a cinder from the grate could be distinctly' heard. Then Mrs. Luttrell uttered a long, low moan, "Oh, my God I" Bhe said. ?' What have I done that I should be tor mented in this way ?" "Mother, mother, do not say so," said' Dino, evidently with deep emotion. Then,, in a lower and more earnest voice, he added -"Perhaps if you had tried to love the child that Vincenza placed within your arms that day, you would have felt joy, .and not. sorrow now," "Do you dare to rebuke your mother?"' said Mrs. Luttrell fiercely. " If I had loved: that child, I would never have acknowledged you to day. Not though all tho witneaaeB in. the world swore to your story." " That perhaDS would have been the better forme," said Dino softly. "Mother, I am. going away from you for ever; let me leave you another son. He has never grieved you willingly ; forgive him for thoBe misfortunes which he could not help; love him instead of me." "Never!" "He has gone to the other side of the world, but I think he would come back if he knew that you had need of him. Let me send him a line, a word, from von; make him the master of Metherglen and let me go in peace." " I will not hear his name, I will not tolerate his presence within these walls," cried Mrs. Luttrell passionately, " He was never dear to me, never; and he is hateful to me now. He has robbed me of both my sons; his hand struck Riohard down, and for twenty-three years be usurped your place. I will never Bee him again. I will never forgive him so long as my tongue can speak." I " Then may God forgive yon," said Dino* in a etrangtly solemn voice, "for you are doing a worse injustice, a worse wrong, than that done by the poor woman who tried to put her ehild in your son's place. Have you held that child upon your knee, kiseed hia face, and seen him grow np to manhood,. without aparticle of love for him in your heart? Did you send him away from you . with bitter reproaches, because of the acci dent which he would nave given his own life to prevent ? You have Bpoilt his life, and you do not care. Your heart is hard then, and God will not let that hardness go unpunished. Mother, pray that His judgments .may not descend upon yon for this." " You have no right to talk to me in that way," said Mrs. Luttrell, with a great effort. " I have not been unjust. You are ungrateful. If you go away from me, I will leave all that 1 possess to Hugo, as I intended to do. Brian,. as you call him-VincenzaVasari'sBon-Bhall have nothing." " And Brian is to be disinherited in favour of Hugo Luttrell, is he?" said Dino, in a still lower voice, but one which the listener felt instinctively bad a dangerous sound. "Do you know what manner of man this Hugo Luttrell is, that you wiah to enrich him with yonr wealth, and make him the master of Netherglen ?" " I know no harm of him," she answered. He paused a little, and turned bis face waB it oonsciously or unconsciously- towards the open door, from which could be seen the Bcreen behind which the unhappy listener crouched and quivered in agony of fear. Willingly would Hugo have tuned and fled, but flight was now impossible. The fire was . blazing brightly, and threw a red glow over all the room. If he emerged from behind the screen hiB figure would be distinctly visible to Dino, whose face was turned in that direc lon. What was he going to say ? " I know no harm of him," she answered. "Then I will enlighten you. Hugo Lut trell knew that Brian was alive, that I was in England, two months ago. A letter from the Prior of San Stefano must have been in some way intercepted by him; he made use of his knowledge, however he obtained it, to bring the messages from Brian which were utterly false, to try and induce me to relinquish my claim on you; he forged a letter from Brian . for that purpose; and finally" Mrs. Luttrell's voice, harsh and strident with emotion, against whioh she did her beat to fight, broke the sudden silence. "Do you call it fair and right," she said, "to accuse a man of such faults as these behind bis back? If yon want to tell me anything, against Hugo, send for him and tell it to me in hia presence. Then he can defend himBelf." "He will try to defend himself, no doubt," said Dino, with a note of melancholy scorn In his grave young voice. "But I will do nothing behind his back. You whh him to be summoned ?" "Yes, I do. Ring the bell instantly!'' cried Mrs. Luttrell, whose lovins ardour seemed to have given way to the most un mitigated resentment. " Tell the servants to find him and bring him here." "They would not have far to go," said Dino coolly. " He is close at hand. Hugo Luttrell, come here and answer for yourself" "What do yon mean? Where is he?" ezolaimed Mrs. Luttrell, struck with hiB . tone of command. "He ia not in this room 1" " No, but he is in the next, hiding behind that screen. He has been there for the l&at; half-hour. You need play the spv no longer, sir. Have the goodness to step forward and - show yourself." The inexorable sternness of his voice* tracks the listeners with amaze. Pale aa a ghost, tremblicg like an aspen leaf, Hugo emerged from bis hiding-place and confronted the mother and the son. 