The Golden Hope. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I drcami a di cam that was not all a dream,.' BY W. CLARK RUSSELL Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck op the Geosvenor,'' 'A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &c.; The Bight of Translation is Reserved.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. CHAPTER XX3II (Continued). The curate, seated on the skylight, was watching with dreamy eyes the mono tonous swine of the seas, noting how tie interval between them had the regularity of the Stroke of a pendulum, as you might have told by counting during the stern wards heave, the leaning poise, tha lurch ing leap across the half sea between, and then the dip of the nose of the schooner mt j the whiteness swirling out all around her bows ; afld he was admiring, too, if dreamily, the beautiful appearance of glass- like eminence each billow offered as it rose in a pure blue fold till its attenu ated height let the sunshine strike a colors iug of gold through it-, ere with that exquisite arching of brow you muBt go to the mighty Pacific to witness in perfec tion, it broke into snow and came cream ing to the schooner, with the -wondrous power that raised her, hidden under the yeasty boiling. Stone stood near looking at the dipping canvas of a sail hull, down, and a mere film to leeward. Hiram approached. He cast his eyes up at the sun and said, ' Mr Fortescue, in another hour we shall be shifting our helm for a straight course for the island Stone here was caBt away upon.' The clergyman started, turned a shade paler, and his eyes brightened as he cried, In another hour !' There was g look cf fear in his face which Hiram noticed and thought remarkable, because he had imagined the news he had given would have delighted the curate. At least, it seemed fear to Hiram, and perhaps to Stone, but what it was went much further than that, though fear war in it; it was the suddenly -enforced realisation, so to speak, of the approach ing end of his mission ; nor could his deep conviction of the truth of the revelation made to him in his sleep still the agitation of the human instincts that hoped and feared and doubted, spite of the opiate of supernaturalism, or the soothing influence of a profoundly confiding mysticism. ' In another hoar ! he exclaimed. _ J. did not think we- had made eaBtiug enough. But this is noble sailing, Cap tain Weeks.' 'Ay, it is; noble's the word, sir. If it ain't twelve knots I'll pay a pound a mile for what it's under. ' What distance have we now to mea sure ?' said Fortescue, still preserving in his face the look that Hiram regarded as fear. ' Pretty nigh four thousand miles,' answered Hiram, ' supposing of course, Stone's island tojbe where Bill says it is.' Stone was about to speak when Mr Fortescue said in a voice in which he could not subdue the eagerness. ' How long shall wo take to sail that distance 'Caiculatin' by what we'vedoneyou may say we shall ha' fetched the place where Stone's island is marked upon my chart by the beginnin' of June.' ' It will bo a quick passage. It is a wonderful stretch cf ocean when one comes to think of it as beginning at Gravesend,' said Mr Fortescue. ' In another hour you head for the island 1' he exclaimed, bringing his hands together in an involuntary passionate gesture. ' Yes, Mr Fortescue,' answered Hiram with a raven note in his voice, due to his desire to speak impressively, and ad dressing the curate with his eyes on Stone ; ' in another hour we head for the island. But — supposhi' it ain't there 7' The clergyman sprang to his feet. What do you mean by that s ne cried, so breathlessly, you would have thought he had been struck heavily on the breast. 'I only say suppo3in',' continued Hiram, breathing quickly too, ' because I want to put myself right in caEe things should turn out wrong. Stone knows that I respect him as a true man . from the top of his hair down to the heels of his boots ; but a man may be true and yet be in herror. I don't say Stone is ; but suppoBin' this here island of his bos get into his head as if it wur a fact, when may be it wur only a fancy, just as your wision, sir, has led you on as though it was all cocksure, and as true as if it had taken place when you waE awake instead of when yc.u was asleep. What's goin' to happen so far as my share in this job's consarned when we comes to where the island's marked on the chart, and it ain't there ? What are ye goin' to say ? Will it be put down to my bad navigation or what ? and if we are to keep all on huntin' after it, how long it is to be for ? ' He spoke with tbe same pertect tone ot respectfulness that had all through marked his speech and manner to the curate, only he was now very emphatic. ' Hiram,' said Stone, 'ye've made Mr Fortescue very pale, mate ; it's scarcely fair to him, as it's sartinly not right to me to talk as you have. I'm not a man to dream. I told you t'other day that if you'll navigate the Golden Hope to where I've named the hisland to be in, you'll find it there ; and I take leave to farcy that when that argument w-s concluded it wouldn't be given rise to agin'.' 'I hope Mr Fortescue sees my point. I trust he do, I'm sure,' said Hiram.' ' Say what any of us may, the voyage is a fantastic one, to be ended as you hope, sir, I heartily pray ; but there's so much that's wisionary in it that who's goin' to know the hiBland ain't a wision too ? '* ' I'm goin* to know It i' cricd Stone. ' Ay, an' so you may ; but aren't delu sions satisfyin' to the miDds that enter tains them i Don't a mad weman when she calls herself the Hemprcss o' Prussia, believe that she's that pariy 1 William, ycu may be the sanest man as ever trod the decks of a ship, and yet fancy you'd been shipwrecked, and talk about where it had happened ; understand ? ' 'Mr Stone,' said Fortescue, in a low, trembling voice, turning his ashen face upon the old sailor, 'you have not de ceived me ?' ' Sir, as there's a God in heaven, what I told you was the truth, and nothen but the truth.' ' You will swear it ?' Tho old man lifted up both hands look irg up to the sky : 'I swear it !' he replied with profound devotional earnestness and emphasis. ' Why do you doubt him ?' said For tescue, who was trembling from head to foot, and Bpeakiug with nervcus quickncss to Hiram. 'Doubt him, sir? Net I. I don't doubt him. 'Tisn't his belief that I doubt; but,' cried Weeks, ' what I want to be onderstood is that a man mav sneak the truth of a lie — swear, and sincerely swear tn something he b3lieves happened, but which never did happen, and,' he con? tiuued, drawing himself rroct, 'IchooHe this opportunity to beg of you, Sir For tescue. to onderstand that if we don't see the hislaud when we come to where Bill says it lies, the fault '11 not be mine.' ' Let that bo so,' said Stone. ' It's for me,' exclaimed Hiram, ' to carry the schoonor to Stone's ll island ; it's for Stone to bo answerable for the hisluid being in longitood hoast seventy degreea thirteen minutes, and in latitood south ten degrees and forty minutes ; and it's for you, Mr Fortescue, to be satisfied whether the latiy you're sookin' of bo on the hisland or not, so that all c msarued in this wiBionary undertakin' may feel he's done his duty.' ' Let that bo so,' repeated Stone; Mr Foitescao bowed his head without speaking. For Contuiuatum see Fourth Page.) ' Sail ho !' shouted some fellow aloft. ' Where away ?' crwd Hiram. ' Dead ahead, sir !' Hiram went to the rail to look, but, seeing nothing, concluded that the eail would bo hull down from the deck, and stepped below for his sextant, with every appearance in him of being perfectly satisfied and at rest in his own mind, now that the considerations which had troubled him were put squarely before fill Fortescue. Stone stood at the weather rail with folded arms looking at the sea ahead. The clergyman walked over to him. Why should Captain Weeks talk as if he doubted you V he said, fixing his large dark eyes on the old sailor with an in tensity of gaze that seemed the more penetrating for the heightening of their own natural fires by tho light flowing into them off the sea and the sky. ' I don't believe ha do doubt me, Mr Fortescue,' answered Stone, meeting the clergyman's gaze with a trouble J face ? ' What I understand is he fancies my island may be a delusion —only may be, look you, sir — and he fears, if that be so, his not findin' of it '11 be set down against his nautical knowledge. The notion's bin brought about by our talkiu' of late. Long woyages breed all sorts o' idea?. People fall out and make friends agin, wrongly suspect one another and rightly ascertain the truth, and grow sorry, git filled with mistaken notions and loses of 'em over aud over again in a passage of three or four months. Hiram's growed wrongheaded because he's suddenly be come sensitive about his feelin's as a navigator. But it'll come ail right, sir.' 'Surely he can have no other reason than the one he has given for supposing the poEsibility of your being mistaken said Mr Fortescue, whose emotions would inevitably lead him into putting all sorts of constructions upon Stone's manner, more particularly on the comparatively cool manner he had exhibited whilst Hiram talked. ''Well,' said Stone, 'I don't say, speaking as a nautical man myself, that his fears aren't to be appreciated. If that there island wasn't there, why, if I stuck out that it was and you believed me and stuck out for it too, sir, it 'ud sartinly make him feel boobyish like when he worked out his sights and couldn't bring nothen in the shape of an island into view. He's allowed his feelin's as a sailor to hagitate him. And besides that—' the old fellow paused and tried to look as if he had done talking. 'Besides what ?' said Mr Fortescue. ' Well, sir,' exclaimed Stone with unnecessary energy, due to the effort he made to speak, 'you heard Hiram call this voyage visionary. It is so, and there's no use denying of it. The Lord has spoke to man in dreams, and I don't doubt He spoke to you, tir. There's nothen else to account for so many cir cumstances of your wision proving true. But Hiram's got an intellect that can't rise so high up as an occasion of this sort needs. To speak the truth, which you'd always require of a man, and without a ; particle of offence, for his ideas can't sig- ] nify anything to you, he's still of opinion that you're hacting under a delusion ; and him and me talking of that, and then bis wondering how the voyage '11 end, has set him speculatin' on me and my island.' ' But the island is no delusion ?' ' Why, certainly, of course it ain't,' said Stone with a smile. ' No more a delusion than this here schooner is. How would a man be cast away on a delusion, swaller sulphur-tastin' water and catch turtles on r. delusion, and sail away from a delusion and get the situation of it from the master of tli8 wessel that picked him up ?' Here Hiram arrived on deck to ' shoot the sun,' and the conversation between Fortescue and Stone ceased. The clergy man walked forwards into the eves of the schooner, as was at times his custom when emotion got the better of him, for there was a life here, a spirit of flashing and thrilling vitality, such as he found in no other part of the vessel, and that had often acted as a mental tonic when the solitude of the cabin or the sameness of the quarter deck would have been without influence. The men, of course, took no notice of him, if it were not for the wriggle of a hand to a forehead as he passed ; and, folding his arms, he leaned upon the rail bet-vixt the bowsprit and the cathead, and fell into a deep thought to the accompaniment of the roaring and hissing and boiling of the divided waters, to whose frothing surface he would often be depressed by the leonine leap of the flying schooner into a trough till he could have grasped his handB full of the sparkling spume. It was perfectly reasonable that he should be deeply agitated and affected by what Hiram had said, and by his few words afterwards with Stone. There had been a brief time during the voyage when he had wondered if Stone was sincere ; if the island he had said he was shipwrecked on were real or corresponded with the island Mr Fortescue had beheld in his dream. Those doubts had been set at rest. Hiram had testified to Stone's honesty. Then he had been now long enough intimate with the old man to feel sure he waB trustworthy up to the hilt. But it was to originate an altogether new misgiving, something widely remote from any former doubts, to suggest that Stone might be under a delusion. Captain Weeks had put the point cleverly enough when he represented that Bill, as he called him, might be perfectly sincere in hiB fancy that he knew and had been cast away on the island of Mr Fortes cue's dream, and act as if his de lusion were heaven's truth. Was such a thing possible? It might seem more so to a man of the temperament of the clergyman than to one of a less imaginative and nervous nature. He had himself read of, had heard instances of men whose sanity was unquestionable, whose principles were unimpeachable, being governed by a belief in something they had seen, cr something that had befallen them, which was as purely an illusion as the mirage, or the many ghosts which have been observed and ran from since the day3 of the witch of Eudor. If this should be the case with Stone, if it had so happened that one of tho printed ' slips ' the curate had caused to bo circu lated, should have fallen into the hands of tho one seaman living, who imagined he had been shipwrecked on such an island as the sketch pourtrayed, how frightful would be tho disappointment ! how hope le;s the outlook ! for, though he knew the island of his dream to exist, where should he seek it ? aud what would have been Agatha's fate by the iime he had found it, if discoverable it were, upon the mighty surface where ho believed it lay ! He asked himself could the plain, un lettered mind of Stone be possessed by imaginatious so vivid and logical as the one he had submitted at Wyloe, when he told the story of the chase of the snow, her sinking, his and his mates' sufferings upon the island 1 He turned to look at tho square figuro of tlio old fellow stand ing near the tiller, then resumed his former attitude, and went ou thinking. He said to himself, ' Captain Weuli3 believes that I am being urged by a delusion. 1 know better ; yet— yet — it might prove so !' A fancy that startled him ; it seemed impious, and he looked up to the blue sky as if for forgiveness ; yet it was a consistent thought, for he meant to reason to himself that just as his draam, real to him, seemed a delusion to Hiram, so might Stone's assertion of his shipwreck and the whereabouts of tho island be absolutely real to the old Bailor, ar.tl yet an inexpressible deception. But such thoughts came too late. The significance of this was made fright fully apparent to him when he turned his eyes upon the horizon, and reflected how fMr-Btretching it was and through whit: ncea.ii tho bravo little schooner was now bearing him. Too lale ! By many days, by many weeks, too iale for hini r.o d.;iv to dream that there wasauglit of delusive ness in any (it- tail uf this \ ? 13 a^ o. S far us St'U-j''3 sincerity went, so far as Hiram's capacity au a navigator, he mast be patient. If they should come to a part of the Indian Ocean, and Hiram should say, ' Here is the place where the island Bhould be,' and no island should be visible, what then? They might deem the old seaman's bearings erroneous, and sail here and there for a week or a fort night, and still not find the island, what then ? Why, such an issue could simply prove that Stone was under the delusion that Hiram had suggested ; but not that the vision that had won the clergyman to this voyage was false. No ! the Veruhm had been burnt. Agatha had escaped in one of the boats, the boat had reached an island after many days and had gone to pieces in the surf ; Agatha had been borne ashore by a courageous, unselfish hand, and upon tlio island, with stream ing hair, with wild and burning eyes, with hollow ghastly face, with arms out stretched in agony of entreaty, she had appealtd to him to come aud save her 1 It was all as true as that the sun was shining up there in the north with the mastheads of the speeding schooner reel ing to and from him. What then was to follow failure to the diecovery of the island ? The poor fellow lifted his glistening eyes to God. His refuge was there ; he was in His hands ; the wondrous inspiration that urged him would not fail him. If the island were not where William Stone declared it to be, what could he do but leave the pilot ing of his little ship to heaven, and go on searching till tho island rose above the sea-line ? These were his thoughts which he might have prolonged for another hoar, so many and strange were the emotions hia imagination, his religious enthusiasm, his determined faith tinctured by mysti cism, raised in him, but for Stone coming forward and saying ' The captn's desired me to call your attention to that little vessel out yonder ahead.' He turned to look at the old man first, and his face startled Stone, for it was full j of what was in his mind, an expression I quite indescribable — comparable may be to what yon see in one who dreams with intense -vividness a dream whose fabric is full of the altenations of radiance and gloom, sweeping into the heart hope and fear, delight and dread, and joy full of sanctity swiftly saddening into mis giving. It acted like a speech upon Stone, for he answered it quickly and with an emotionalism Mr Fortescue had observed in him before, and which he would now fear as indicating qualities of mind easily productive of delusion : ' As God's livin' it's true. sir. Bon't let what's been said worrit you. ThinMn, '11 only ! harm ye, and speakin' to you as a man, -Mr Fortescue, as me and Hiram are men, we've all three got to wait a spell yet afore we can know who's right and who's wrong.' The clergyman smiled with a singular gentleness and sweetness. ' Aye, Mr Stone, it is as you say, we must wait. 1 have patience and hope, and time can only whet Captain Weeks' curiosity, so that he will be supported, too. What did I you say to me just now ?' 'Why, Bir3 that there was a sail out there. D'ye see her? A bit of a boat, 1 that, Mr Fortescue, for the swells and seas of such an ocean as this that goes all the way round the world right past Orstralis back agin to th' Horn.' It was the vessel that had provoked the cry of ' Sail ho !'' and that had been taken by Hiram to be hull down when in reality she was but a few miles ahead. She was steering to the eastward, as the schooner was, and she waB a little cutter rigged craft of about 15 tons, a mere toy on the water, and for that reason, perhaps, of an indescribable gracefulness as she rose to the height of a sea, then vanished behind its fold with her boom on the quarter, her milk-white canvas sweeping her onwards, as a sea-gull goes when it rounds to leeward and sails with the wind — an image indeed, which the stretch of cloths she showed would render perfectly appro priate, particularly the expansion of her squaresail and her half-topsail on the weather side, and, on the other, the hollows of the mainsail and gafftopsail, white as snow in the sun ; for they looked wings indeed, surveyed from the deck of the Golden Hope, when you saw the black blot of the hull, foreshortened into the mere square of the stern running up the chasing volume of blue, where, like a poised bird, the cutter seemed to linger a second, as if hesitating whether to fly sky wards or leap into the valley opening under her stem. (To be continued.) 