« - Queen slàndia-No. lí ; : ÍV . ' : ; ,;; (By " TRISTAN.-") ' . . -THE QUÉENSLA.NÎ) TUBB" CIiTJB RA.CE8. ' When I boarded the Fitzroy,. bound. for Brisbane, it was with fearful, forebodings. -August 13 will long be remembered as one of the wildest days experienced in Sydney for some time. The sea whioh was raging outßido the Heads was a caution, even to old salts ; and the Fitzroy's passengers, as may bo imagined, did not feel very bright as wo cast off from the wharf at half- past ll in the morning. As a fellow-voyageur remarked, a man wanted a heart of fifty-lion power , to faoe Buoh a storm. One of our lady passengers, however- we had only four-waa very oomplaoent, averring with a smile that Bbo was never, nover eiok at sea, and looked upon the trip as " quito a lark." Bat the next time I saw the vauntful lady she was Biokly and palo of face ; and there was a throw-mysolf-on-the-raeroy-of the-oourt kind of look about her whioh bolled her cheerful speoohes of tho previous day. Wo ploughed our way down the harbor, tho wind whistling in tho rigging ; but wo had no sooner reached the Hoads than our oaptain turned tail and the YCBSOI'B head into Watson's Bay, where wo cast anchor, prepared to bide our time. Wo, the frightened denizens of a little world of wood and iron, would have been better pleased if the boat had returned to tho wharf. What a ecuttoring for the ßhoro thore would havo been ! Tho storm raged all day Saturday; the dirty weather, oven at that short distance, completely hiding Manly from viow ; but on Sunday morning our gallant bark bogan to move. Tho sky had cleared, the moon and stars wore shining, and the wind .had . blown . itself -out;., but its effect, on tho water: waB still apparent. .The Bea had been * whisked into a white foam ; and every wave; loomed, .up like' a veritablo Mont Blano. All Sunday it was a gameofpitoh and tosa, in whioh nearly every passenger was au unwilling partici pant. But on Monday the sea had calmed down considerably, and, at the Bound of eight bellB, there was a joyful resurrection, nearly all tho passengers putting in an appearance at the breakfast table with ravenous appetites. Tho rest of the voyage waa en joyable, the weather being bright and sunny ; and early on Tuesday morning tho Fitzroy touched the wharf in Brisbane, where I was Boon ensoonoed in comfortable quarters at tho Quean's. Brisbane had also had a watery visitation ; and the Queensland Turf Club meeting, I found, had been postponed from Friday and Saturday to Saturday and Tuesday on that account. The first day's raoing was somewhat marred by the showers whioh fell in the early part of the after noon, rqndering the oourse heavy and sloppy in plaoes. Tho racecourse is a very good one, situated at Eagle Farm, about four miles out of the oity, and is aooeBslble by train. But the drive by road is far preferable ; the " beautiful Brisbane " being on ono Bide, and high sloping ground, dotted hero and there with gentle men's residences, on the other. It is ono of the prettiest drives about Brisbane. Tho oourse ia about a mile round, and possesses all the necessary appoint ments for the oarrying ont of a successful raoe meeting. Great improvements have been offootod since the May meeting; and Mr. Pountney, aided by a'good committee, is evidently doing all ho can ' to please the patrons of tho club, . An offioial Btand, a pretty- looking building of brick, is the most prominent feature in tho im provements. It contains a capital weighing room, .luncheon room; ' committee room, lavatory, and Beoretary's room, in whioh thero is a window denot ing the soratohingB. Tho paddock has also boori ex tended, and planted with treos, whioh will in time afford graf of ul shelter from the sun. A stand for the jookeyB and trainers has been oreotod in the onrriage paddock, and the grand stand, whioh is very com modious, considerably improved ; but the accommoda tion for the " s wolla of the proass " ia very bad, and ought to be remedied if the olub would have a faithful report of ita doings. The ann pours in in front, and on each aide tho view ia obstructed by excited spectators, who. innocently enough, inter fere with tho reporters duties considerably. The old bnilding whioh waB used as a weighing-room haa been removed to a convenient place in the paddock, and part of it ÍB used asa jockey's dressing-room, and part as a casualty room. These and other minor improvements will "be greatly appreciated by tho public The meeting was well conducted from beginning to end ; and I congratulate everybody opnoerned in its management. I muet not forget to mention, however, that tho timing of tho various races is very imperfectly done, and always will be while the preBont system-if suoh a haphazard way can bo called a systom-is in voguo. The man w ith the advanoo flag stands on the oourso proper, about 50yds or 100yds in front of the starting poat, and when there is a falso Btart, he throws up both hands, flag and all, looking for all the world, like a signalman trying to provont somo appalling railway disaster. Tho holder of the watoh takes-the time from the mo ment tho horao first away paases the post. Thia may anawor very well when a field of horsoB is Btarted from the half-milo poßt, whioh is directly opposite tho stand. But oven then it ia difficult to obtain accuracy ; and if tho horses start from the seven fur longs post, or from the mile and a furlong post, they aro either running ' away ' from the spectator, or running, toward him; and it is im possible in ' thoBO oiroumstanoes to toll exactly whioh boree first loads the way. Wore tho flagman to tako up his stand at tho starting poBt, arid drop tho flag when tho horses pasB tho poat, aa at Randwick, tho watohholdor would have something Uko a reliable signal, and " the enemy" would not Elay auch vagarios. As it ÍB,'thoso ohronomotrioal ullotins aro valuoless, and cannot be regarded as reliable records. There is ono thing, however, for which tho dub dosorvos praise. Only a fow wooka ago I pointed out tho desirable ness of having tho ponalties and allow ances printed in tho raoo-book ; and it is to tho oredit of the Quoonsland Turf Club that it waB tho first to adopt the suggestion. Other clubs might do worso than follow tho oxample of Mr. Pountuey, for it ÍB a stop in tho right dirootion, and of inestimable sorvico to tho public. Tho horses whioh took part in tho mooting wore not a particu larly brilliant lot. It must, however, bo romomborod that tho mooting was an irrognlar fixturo, and some of the boat horBoa in Queensland were enjoying an of tum cum dignilato provioualy to being put in work for tho November and Dooombor mootiuga. Novor tholosB tho fiolda wero numerous, and tho raoing good ; soma of tho finishes boiug vory oloso and oxoiting. Mr. M'Gill all but soooped tho pool on tho first day, winning tho Jubilee Plato with Pirato, and two minor ovonts with JaBmino and Silver Quoon, both of whioh woro brod by himBolf at BlaoklandB, noar Ipswich. Although not plaood in Pirate's raoo,' Yabba Btiuok mo as a horao likolyto win a good raoo ; and it may bo that his popular owner (Mr. Mooney), who ia ono of tho boßt follows in tho ring, will have a " out in" for eithor the Caulfiold Cup or the Mojbonrno Cap. What a day tho Briabanoito» would have if Mr. Mooneyla pretty, colors should be sue« oeBsful in one of the big handioaps in Viotoria! Pirate is by Westminster out of Peri, and was bred at the,Mount Brisbane otud, whioh also produced Lancer, who cost Mr. J. E. Smith £1000. Pirate has been a very consistent : performer, and at present ia regarded aa- the oraok of* Queens« land. Bowers rode tho horse like a tradesman ; and, considering that ho only juBt got home with-Sat 71b in the saddle, it was Betting him a great task td ask him to win the Turf Club Handicap under lOst llb : and it waa no wonder ho failed to give the well-bred TuuahEtone 3st 41b. Nothing had a chance with the Bon of Vespasian and Grey Esperance, who led almost from flagfall to finish. Touchstone ran very badly in the Plying Handicap, on tho first day of tho meeting; and the matter being viewed by his BubBequent running, Mr. Kent hardly knew what to make of it. Before the race Mr. Kent openly expressed tho opinion that hiB colt had not tho ghost of a chance, and was BO dissatisfied that he courted an inquiry into Davis's tiding in the Plying Handicap. I have Bince heard that Davies haB been suspended from riding for six months. TJnlesa the committee had very strong evidonoe that the boy waB" got at," this aoems a very harsh sentenoe. * Watty Blaoklook, ono of the moat straight forward jookeyB in Queensland, met with a nasty accident while riding Maritana in the Selling Hurdle Race. The maro fell at a fence;.' giving Watty a bad fall and a broken collar-bone,' whioh will deprive Mr. Finnie of his services for a little while. I mot an old aoquaintanoe in Comet, who, although 12 year a old, Btill retains some of his pace, &B; he proved by winning a Belling raoe easily. The Corinthian Plate produced a slashing race between Mr. Finnie on Ormond, and our own " Brickey" Colley on Sleep. The two rabed in oloae company from the distance ; and if the winning poet had been a little nearer Mr. Finnie would just about have landed the chestnut a winner, but Colley, getting up in tho last few strides, man aged to make a dead heat of it, after one of the best contests ever seen on a raceoourse. As both boraea had run previously, the owners wisely agreed to divide. - Mr. John Finnie ia as popular in Queensland as Mr. James White is in New South Wales. From Mr. Finnie'a Btud at Drayton, near Toowoomba, came Bon Bolt ; and his having bred the Caulfield Cup winner brought him into prominent notice throughout the land. Mr. Finnio'a stud, whioh possesses some of tho boBt BtrainB of blood to be found in tho utud book, rose from small beginnings until it is now one of the most extensive breeding establishments in Australia. I understand that Ormond will not run again, but will join Newbold at Drayton. Ormond ought to begot raoehorses. On both sides of the pedigree he possesses the famous Sfcookwell strain which ia to be found in the genealogy of some of our best raoors. Mr. Finnie, I notioe, has nominated the Bon of Epigram and Oriana for the' Queensland Turf Club Sires' Produoe Stakes of 1891. It ia probable that tho old Yattendon mare, My Love, out of Lady Emma 'ja dam, will alßo join the other matrons ere long. Her paoe does "not seem to im prove ; and as she has run as many races aa here and there a one, she well deserves a rest, although "t'auld blaok mare" io yet aa ¿bund as a bell ; but the hard work sbe has done ia no doubt beginning to tell a tale. Taking one considération with another, the attendanoe, although sot excessive,' waa quite aa large UB oould bo expected. The meeting waB a success in evory way, and I am triad to learn that it will yield a profit of something like £500. A large sum of money, about £1000, is to be spent in drain ing the racecourse, and in improving the training tracks, whioh in wet weather are in.a deplorable state. Mr. C. H. Holmos is the starter ; and in him the olub possesses one of tho greatest factors in a suooosaful raoo mooting: . Ho ia only a young man. But he ia well " underhanded of tho people " ho has to doal with ; and the result iß satisfactory to everybody! Mr. F. H. Hart fillod tho judge's box, and did BO with oredit. Many of the spectators thought that Sleep won tho Corinthian Plato ; but there can be no doubt that Mr. Hart's decision, " dead heat," was correct. The olork of tho oourse is no lesa a person than Mr. George Savory, who was derk of the oourse at Flomington when the first Melbourne Cup waa run ; Mr. Savory having the ploaBuro of leading Mr. De Mestre'B Archer baok to scale on that memorable occasion. Mr. Savory, although nearly VOyears of ago, is Btill halo and hearty» and tho old buck looks remarkably well. I Bpenl many happy hours in his company. His reminhv oenooB of tho olden time would fill tho TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL from tho titlo page to the im print. It gooa without saying that Mr. Savory ia. well up in his duties. Tho laggards aro bustled out of tho paddock in no timo ; and a stray dog gets no quarter. I shall have something more to Bay noxt week ; but I cannot olose my notes now without thanking Mr. Pountney and the varioua mom bara of tho committee, for their many marka of kindness, Everywhero I went I was treated moat hospitably, and if I were to write my inkhorn dry and my pen to a stump I oould not say too muoh of their kindly - attentions. _ ISONOMT.-Tho woll-known Adelaide sporting writer,. " Trumpator " said : I saw Isonomy in his box at St; Leo nards tho other day, and can vouch for it that the;bi¿,sóa of Wintorlako looks as well "as his enthusiastic.well-wishers could desire. He is far more forward than he was'last'.' year, and John Hill tells mo ho is doing any amount of workj and standing it well. . .'? . . .'. - . ..^ : r DECEPTIVE.-The Adelaida OBSERVER said: .Th'ebroocY maro Dcco;>tivo died at Turretfield last woek." Deceptive, was foaled in 18G5, so that she was 22 years old at tho time of hor death, Showas bred in Now South Wales by Miv Baldwin, and brought to South Australia by the late Mr. Bichara Holland. Soon after her a'rival hore sho produced Tinflndor, ono of tho most valuable brood mares in Australia, and in addition to the dam of tho Assyrian, Pawnbroker, Helene. Tho Israelite, &c;" the brown duughtor of Yolvorton and Bios« som was tho mothor of Totalisator' and Dolusion. Mr. W. Robertson informs us that tho old maru has lotta yearling and a 2-ycars-old colt bohind hor,'both by The Englishman. They look very promising, ho adds, and if tho Totalisator Bill passes he hopes they will have a ohanco of proving thoir worth. RACINO EXPENSES.-An idea of the money racing bringa to some irtacos is containod in tho following paragraph by "Augur," of tho London SroRTiNO LIFE:-"Some idea of: racing oxponsos inourrod by thoso who * do tho thing in tiptoe stylo' has boon furnfshod by tho evidence in the Queen's iiench Division yostorday re tho Duchess ot Moutroso and her Graco'B houso and apartmonts for tho Ascot wook. It will also bo soon at tho samo time how great a factor is tho national sport in tho circulation of inonoy in a varioty of ways, and its importanco in certain localities. Twonty guineas por bedroom for a wook ia rather a stiff charlo, and tho jury held that tho Duchess of Moutroso was right in not paying it, and gavo verdict accordingly. This, howevor, was mordy a little disputo as to detail, and fades into insignificance bosido tho fact that tho Duchoss had takou for throo years Boochcroft Houao, and for that accommodation, for tho Ascot week ulono, pnid JC250 por annum. Moreover, in the yoar that she waa called upon to pay COgs for throo oxtra bedrooms in an adjacont houso for tho accommodation of hor guests, tho Duchess, hoing in mourning for nor huBbaud, tho late Mr. W. S. Crawford, did not go to tho races. This is a sample of ono of tho many groat houso parties Ascot aunually attracts; audit furnishes a.most diatinot proof of how. money in quantity is brought to a neighborhood through;' tho medium of racing, . 