W0NGA1ONE. LEAF FEOM CHtLDLIFE IN THE BOSH. [By as ExB-Wrrrass.] On a recent Friday morning, at 10-30 o'clock, Thomas Glass sent his son (aged 7 years and 2 months) up the Goomalyn road to look for some sheep ; at noon he had not returned, and the parents being alarmed search was made; his tracks were found. leading in the direction of Pompey e farm, thence towards Ballynyne, then oft towards an iTwro''cP Band plain — a veritable desert. This the little fellow ckirted for about six miles, when towards sundown he must have headed right into the scrub. Thinly clad, quite unprovided with food, that in fant wandered for five long days and nights. He travelled until his little feet became blue and blistered, and 'had swollen to double their normal dimensions ; tea- versing a circuit of fully 60 miles, until at last a mile a day was all he could hobble. The agony of that poor boy's mother was some thing terrible to witness, as day succeeded day and no intelligence of her boy was heard.. It seemed as if reason would be annihilated by grief; no food passed her lips, no sleep visited her eyes, and as those pale, wau features were lighted up by the gleam of the mid-night watch fire, she seemed like some sheeted ghost as ever and anon she passed and peered out into the night The only answer to her moans of anguish seemed to be the howling of the blast, the beating of the ceaseless rain, and the distant mutter of approaching thunder, as nearer and nearer it came until it burst with terrific violence above her very head. As tame passed the whole population became aroused — folly 200 on horse and foot were afield ; tracking was well nigh impossible, for it rained morning, noon, and nieht. Spite of inclement weather gentle wpin^fip and grave matrons joined in the hunt. There was Mrs. ?William Dempster, who is an aceompiised equestrian, foremost to set an example; when tired, hungry, wet through to the skin Ihe men halted with exhaustion. There were the Misses Bow en and others, Mrs. W. S. Dempster, Mrs. Twiue,in fact every body did all they possibly could. They tracked over ironstone ridges, through prickly scrub, across sand plains and gullies, over brooks, the rain pouring and beating down continuously. Every house was an hotel j food, as far as it went, was placed before all that came; no Hianin^ were looked for, all considered it their duty and all manfully performed that doty. Oar good E.C. priest, Oje Bev. Father Kelly, (may he long continue with us) was to the fore in the search, and for four days carried refreshments for the child in his pocket- hoping himself to find him. Wed nesday dawned dull, bleak, wet and as cold as charity ; the gullies were brooks, angry roaring torrents ; a party on each side were searching the Wongamine brook, those on the east side had gone some distance ahead of the others, when just opposite, held down by the branch of a tea-tree, something was seen. A general cry of 'There is the body of tiie poor child' was beard, and all rushed to the bank, whilst sure enough, held down by the limb, submerged by the rushing, whirling torrent, was a bodv, that appeared to be the object of the search. One man waded in, but losing courage as the water reached his waist be returned to the book ; a second tried and he was wash ed fcom his feet and rescued with difficulty; a third time he was more successful, and reached the branch, the water being up to his shoulders, and found, to our immense relief, that it was a log with some old gar ment wound round, part of which had attracted our attention. Suddenly there arose a long, low cry, rising higher and higher on its radiance; the coo-ee! broke upon our ears again and agaiu, that shrill cry came down to us, taken up by a hun dred voices, until the hillg resounded with the joyful notes of success — the child was found, the mother had her boy once again. A son of Mr. Brennan had discovered the lost one near the Salt fiiver and -carried him to his father's house, where Mrs. Brennan, with the feiininf« of a true Hibernian woman, gave them ungrudgingly the very best her house could afford. 