REVENGE. I have served in the French army fas * eon) and saereWe« ! I never yet suffered ^ u t from mortal being to pass united. It was ™ the T i' ro1 l** 4 Shuttle'wandering through that picturesque ^tffrafl uently encountered two ladies St^touud oSvcs quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to 2 f r widow's charms,—as she was BO t i t ™ - v a r i o u s , yetwithaHthat Srjaireol experience which an elderly twhelor knows l.ow to appreciate. fi^irc-how delicious its lines! Wtat masses of magnificent tresses! What perfect rows of ivory her coral-Upj^d v ns to see 3 What heathfol « ^ mountain air had lent S h ^ ^ e * . I would propose that ^TiaUiight I went up te dress for dinner __an important business with me, and one reqnirinfT time. I had arranged in the the moriiin^ maUre ^hotd to chan g e „v roo°m for one with a more southerly igct- hilt when I had climbed to the first fiior (no slight exercise !) where my new apartment was located, I found I could not recollect the number. A little reflection however, made me decide it was No. IS, w to make ccrtain, I listened a moment at the door—all was still widun—turned the Jandle softly and entered. -Vom de Dion! who was this? Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay the ghost of Adrienne ! Adrienne ? Yes 1 bnt Adrieu*e transfigured. Haggard, nearly laid, with her cheeks falling in on the tooth- Jess rams, the outlines of her figure (she had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and ^njrular through her deshabille! A lay ifiiiure waiting to be transformed by her maid j into mv Adrienue—waiting to be made into 1 ,»u decoy—but I would be revenged ! I Not stopping to hunt up my room now, 11 dscended hastily to the saloon, where I ] found most ef the guests awaiting for the j dinucr-rang. I caught a glance of astonish- ] ment at my own undress uniform, and a j ihonght struck me—I smiled. 1 The hoase happened to be full, jnst then, i efa very fashioiiable company, the ladies j with one another in the magnificence of ] rteir toilets, and I knew there was a certain 1 countess who was especially Adrienne's rival 1 in this respect. All! 1 would sliame her | iaore them all; I would give her a lesson j under ker rival's eyes—she should learn not 1 u trifle with honest affection—Mon Dicu ' j VK; j " 1 am a mesmerist. My will is iron. I sat 1 j.iirn apart, and, turning my eyes from | those present, put all my will-force into J action. One—two—three—four minutes, j aui there was a footstep outside the door—} the handle was gently turned and Adrienne | appeared—yes'. precisely as I had seen j !BT a feir minutes before ! The whole room- 1 iol of listless guests rose as if simultaneously I galvanised—the ladies shrieked " a ghost" j —Suit Adrienne advanced quietly toward J tue iu her magnetic trance. Uudcr covering 1 of offering her a chair, I made the releasing j passes with my hand —she awoke—gave one | jknee round at the staring company and j 3k' s:oniful eyes of her rival, another at her I Score reflected in the mirror opposite, and, j with a wild scream, sank—^ fainting heap j —on the floor : I was revenged i ! | That same night I thonght I heard some j one moving about my room and found, J the following morning, my glass eye, my cork lee, mv wig and my new patent springfitting "set 'of teeth had been stolen from mv room. As niy valet was in Paris I, la" 1 to publish my liss before ! could move of bed. Adrienne had left the houBe} ihut uicht but not without retaliating.— Donhi Adam in Sax Francisco Xetcs- j j^ter 1 \- 1 The Mowing ertract frem London (7, .„ , , )..,.„., Truli will be read wUl. mter^t bj^young Uayte»mspUyers:-IliaTCbeenlo0tang va a zcoi deal of lawn-tennis, and have 1 been constrained to observe that a great 1 asany of the Mies who play, aua more 1 espiicinlly the erpert and practised players, j are as crooked as ram's horns. I feel I sire that all the ladies in England will f write to me to say that they are not lop- I sided But I say they are, obviously to 1 ttj o-m naked (bat, Heaven knows, most J " , j ^ aZZ\ if this I respectful and m<Htet) eye, ^ ^ evidence be not suflicioi^ &en; l r t ap,,eal to tieir dressmakers and• taflora. 1 maintain that the right shoulder ot Uie araiaje female athlete (however otherwise 1 charming) is about two inches broader j than the left, that the body inclines pre- I pusterously, and, to my sympathetic mind, j most painfully to the right side; that the 1 tight arm and fist (I .apologise for this word, but it is the only appropriate -one) are those of a blacksmith, -while the left arm resembles the drumstick of the ^cken of a German^ why should these sad thmgs J** J . ^ B I don't know, , — forlamnotbiologied — ^ . or scientific. But I venture to guess—it 11 am wrong, let the Lancet (which always j professes to be able to account for the ] milk in the cocoanut) put me right—that J the reason is that lawu-tennis is a one- ] handed same, and that the ladies who j play lawn-tcmiis play nothing else, except, Vrhaps, the piano, and that badly. Sow, play lawn-tennis also p% encket, or row orbox-or at any cate. We done so. Thus, both sides of the nude body get exercised and developed, j and the masculine tennis-player, unlike j the feminine, grows up straight—and veiy I often upright. j Tlie Department of Mines has received tiie I following telegram from the warden at 1 Bodira, Mr. H. Crofton Staveley:—'"Beef j :passage j., an arm of Lake Tyers. Several trials ot I small quantities have been made, and _fine 1 fiold was seen much mixed with iron pyrites. I Wold also on surface. Prospecting claim 1 registered; two leases, 30 acres each, pegged MD applied for. Fifty pounds of stone sent I fortriaL Stone cxactly resembles that in I*mg Tunnel, Walhalla, on which the pro-1 spector has had considerable experience, j The reef is half-way between Bruthen and 1 Orbost, three-quarters of a mile off main j TO«&" THE Gippsliud prospecting board j also report the discovery of a reef "2ft wide j AT a jiiut 503 yards north of the Ti-trcc Creek. Triable give a. yield of "half on o-ncctotheton. . ^Xed. PF S ' \- V0Ur 