Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 17. '-4--- FIFTY LASHES. \----ý i By CIIAP.ER I. A full summer moon ovoehead, casting bars of soft abeoen athwart the tores in the publio Domaio, Auckland, Ncew Zealand. - On arustiobenoh, beneath the widespread. lug branches of a giant IKuri pino, sat a half. caste Maori girl, and by her aide a tall hand. some youth,nearing the dark.blue uniform o Of Cavershaa'e Horse, No Spanish beauty could boast a more glorious beauty of lace and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother-daughter of the old Maori Chictasiu, To Puke, fell in love, and ,married one Tom.Selby, a sergeant in the C-th regiment, and with her hand came many broad acres in the most iertila valleys of the Waikato, .whioh the old soldier soon converted into agood payable estate. Waile Kiore was yet a abild her mother died, where. upon Tom Bolby bought a snug villa outeids the city, and Rent his daughter to a hoarding school until she became old enough to take charge of his household. "And so you aregoing to morrow, Charlie 1" abe asks timidly, at the same time toying nervously with heroompanion'spalm between her own shapely hands. "Must it really be to.morrow ?" "Really and truly, Klora," he answered. " The.horees were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." How dreadful this war is," she says in a low tone. " Ab, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly and see those mad fanatice, the rebels, murder and plunder inho. cent people. Sinoe Rowi was driven out of Waikato, the Government have done all in their power to induce the dissatirlled lMaoria to lay down their, rris,.nad live at peace with tleir Pakeha neighboure, but you sea it is of no avail. Tipore and his crazy brother have aoused theTaranaki tribes to open to. bcllion, and by so doing have unfortunately provented one Charles Stanton from enjoying is Chabrltmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby." "Dear Charlie, no one can regret thatmis. fortune more than poor Kiora," she answere softly. hearlie laughs lightly, then stoops down. ward until his mounetache reaches Kiora's ripe Sred lips, and-well, the moon only knows what took place, for he was watching them. Ble hfMoonehip sees mony, things that lovers.. wot'not of. On this lod? aevening, there was no exception'to the rule;, for he observed close by where Oharlie and his companion billed and cooed at'enoh other, the form of a man, crouching low down behind n thick sorub, which completely hid him from the. eyes of those he was evidently watching-a man with a pale, vile.looking face, which peered out at them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper.was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, davo that he had three narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non-commissioned officer. Duling a long chat, such as lovers usually inuolge, the watoher never stirred from his bent position; but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was only born of deep and absorb. tog interest. It wae only when Kiorn rose to depart that he drew further into the shade, and In so doing madea noise which attracted the girl's attention,. "What .was that, Charlie?" she cried, nestling herself olose to the aido of that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. "What is the matter, dear ?" . "Did you not hear a rustlig nolso? It sounded close by that bush there," she said. '- Sweet lore, you are llted with straoge fancies to-night," he said- gaily. "First it was a ahooting star, big,with evil portent for us. Now it is a noieo as of some lurking asaassin. Pooh, my girl, there is nothing save perhanooce some grasshopper looking for its mate." " Oh, Charlie, I would give all I possess in the world to prevent you going to Taranaki," she said, with sudde energy. "Nonsense. Why ?" "Iecausee I haove one morbid fancy that whoen we part to night it will be for ever." "iy daierlig, I--" "Lisaten to me, Obharlie. Do you believe in dreoames ?" "Dreams, certainly. I boiievo they.are dreamse, nothing more." " The saliden nestled heer small head orowned with a coronet of glossy raven hair -oloser to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said : "I had a terrible dream the night before last-a dream in which I saw what took place as plain as I oan see those trees before me now." : "What did you see, Kiorn 7" '"An-enoampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and bur. rounded on every hand by high. rugged bills, treeless and barren in the extreme," she re. spended, in a low hushed tone. "Beyond the tents on a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a solid square of glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts stand. log upright. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot to be flogged likesa slave. iMy God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had began to shiver like one in a ague fit. " Did you recognise the features of the an fortunate'fellow at the triangles I' he asked presently. " I did." ' "And you knew him ?" = "Yro," S"Who was he, K?oral" - "Yourself, Charlie I Oh, the unuttaeable anguish depleted therel Oh, the misery and "the despair, and the siokening dreadful blows •that fell upon my ears like some ehuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear I Yet I was compelled to gaze until the dread tfl woVe was ended. Then I heard a loud' shout away towards the cliffs: and looking. thence, behold a great horde of Mraori warriors rush like a mighty avalanoche upon the square of armed men, and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos and eon. fusion, Intermingled with shouts and cries, and'a vision of the man who had been de gradeod mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse,'his hare and bloody back glisteninl conspicuously above the crowded mnele until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw itno Oharlio Stanton stood silent for a moment. A feeling of esoun nameless dread began to steal over him at Kiora's recital,; but he shook it off, and replied in a bantering way: "Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. In. deed, it has been said by certain orusty old bnahelors that dreams are like ladies, they follow the rifle of oontrary. o Come hold up your hand, my dear,' I shall return to you 'ere the new year is many weeks old, with all my honors. Think upon me." " I fervently trust you may, doher Oharlioe," sho replied. Then, suddenly lifting her head: " harlie, I want you to make me a promise -a solemn promise." "Certainly, dear Kiors. What am I to pro. miss? " "That you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liquor'until you return to Aueklnd." " You little tyrant," he eried, laughingly. "You would like to set a trap for me. You have your tean without stint-which the doe tors say ie rank poison-and yet one is to be deprived of his glass of grog, simply becauso that giddy head of yours has been running too much on wars.and rumours of ware. But, sweet Kioro, let us change the subject. How lovely thu night is." iThey went out into the soft glow, arm in ingly, resisting her. Onward down thegreen slopes, strewn with murky ehadows, that sereaed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. by.innd.byo the lurking figuro' amed forth irom his lair, and stood up in the full light of the moon-a tall dark man, about thirty years of age, face sallow and'olosely shaven, disolosing a wide, sensual meouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. "So here you are, Sergeant Glementaxley, playing the spy," be muttered,aposatrophizing himself, a sinister gleam in his eyes thewbile, "Why, who would have thought the ring doves would select this spot for their senseless chatoter -almost under my nose. Humph I My limbs are racked with cramp. Confound them both. What tihe devil oan there be about this weak puling dandy, that she must praler him to a better man. Aye, one, who cares more lor her than he does." He stood with folded arms a moment, watnhing the direction they had taken. "There ye go, Oharlio Stanton, with the whip hand of me, but take care, my lad, I dont checkmate you. For ton years you and I have been what modern society calls friends, OCharlie; but modern sooioty little dreams how I hate your friendship. It has iobbed me of many things I had eot' ny heart on, even the love of this proud wench-who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field, Obarlie, mirn Oclre. Well,.well, I am content to bide mytime, Iiora Selby. Dreamshave been fulfillod ere this. I have the cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will use it to advantage when opportunity ofers."' He followed in the wake of the lovers with a 'slow and meditative atep, his head bent, and his hanods lasped behind his bak,. "If my friend Stanton has one pet vioe above another, that vito is drink," he mot. tered,.pausing in his walk. "Not a not, who loves to'tipple alone, until he is' speehless, oh, dear no; but one of your gentlemanly, sooial souls, who cannot say nay when it is placed under his nose. Let him promise it he will, he cannot resist it.. I have studied the man. Twice has he risen to the rank of sergeant. since the corps was formed, and, each time degraded to the ranks again through the love of good liquor. ySo,. so. Charlie, all'salar in loveandwar. Therefore I'll bait my linoe and angle for you my fiiond. Once landed, I sea my way clear to la belle Kiora, add her broad noren.' Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's Horse, in. creased his pace, orassed the park, and entered the stroet; thence his walk became slower, until he reached" Shortland Place. Herehe halted, and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There most have been something very at. tractive hero to engage the sergeant's atten; tenton, for he remained on the rpot close upon two hours. He was still waiting nond watching, when a y'hbtg man issued from the house, humming a favorite opera air, " Hollo, harlie I well met, dear boy. Where have you beounl" cried Exley in a eur. prised, yet pleosnnt tone. "Just run over to bid the Selbys good. bye," replied Stanton. But what.are you doing.dowu this way, Exley?" '. ' ' ' Ah, taking a walk under the moon to view the city; I guess we shan't have another opportunity ol viewing the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth s, Ohsrlie,. I'm glad to havemet you." "YWhy ?"' "Becasre I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to meet one or two jelly fellows, to take a parting glass. You will join me of course." "eeMy dear Ecley, nothing would give me greater pleasure, but-" "But what ?" " The truth is," stammered Charlie, "I' have maode a promise not to touch liquor of any kind notil I return from Taranaki." " 'how," whistled the Sergeant. "I'm sorry for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of the best punch, and one or two o1 the most-comic dogs in Now Zoaland. Good night." " Boergoant Exloy turned upon' his heel, but Stanton caught him by the arm.. "Hold hard, lxley. We sail early in the morningl it's almost morning already, there. forr I'm with you, I can aoompany you without breaking my word, eh T'' " ertainly." And theo angler went in with his intended dupe; and brought him forth in the grey light of the dawning day, staggering, uproarious, and with his promise shattered to the winds. CHAPTER II. There are few scenes in Now Zealand more grandly rugged than the Ohan Valley. Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers had formed their birouno on the 24th of Dee., In anticlpation of meeting the rebel Maoris, It was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stars stud. ding the dark blue canopy of heaven. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Cavereham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop, ten.of their number had been told ofi as guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. Teers were six quarter aseks of rum standing in a row, flanking the stores,--a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who hobaned to have charge in the still dead night, with no eye looking on. Tite idea appeared to have taken posses. slon of the sergeant, for be called the guard together about the watabh-fire, and said: "Comredes, I need hardly remind yeon of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here on the field. Oolonel IBartpp, as you all know, is a very strict ofiler, and will punish the slightest neglect or carolessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy whlileon duty, will most assuredly go to the triangles. You understand ?" They appeared to understand very well that. drunkenness would be punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards the rum.punobeons, and thought -the. sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himeoll about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. One, ashort, broad shouldered, jolly.looking follow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra flirma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the ser. geant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a damp.pot on the rough nose oe a magnifieoont water.spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare.legged Maori lad about fousteen, who stood by with mouth oanae. The boy, who answered the nowi de place of " snfliy," was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock.about amongst the troopere. He couldepeak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withalone of the most mischievous young vagabonds in laorilaand.. As the night waxed apaeo, there arose a keen wind, which made the air biting cold, and eet the whole tents shivering like so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maonr lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner bo. neath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. •esnoe.t sounao-rh ~s a. .denltly thinned, until only two persons remained by it, Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain,yet no two men were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pueilan tmity. The other coease, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as a buildog. How came there opposit's to befriends? Simply through one little ant of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold "To Ranga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out. side the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in his aide received during the attack. The Volunteers were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charles Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And here they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum, which has been emptied to thodregs in tfghtingtheir Waikato campaign over again. Preeently there isa call for numberefour of the guard. Charlie Stnton rises hurriedly, wiehse Cable "good- night," and answers " ere." : It in his turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild soreech of the pelow out yonder by the lake. Sanuly crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the yicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the covering and peeps forth.. Sergeant ,ioey is standing with a panotean in his hand, talking to the sentry in a low earnest tone. " Indeed Charlie, I sea no great-harm in a gllass of grog on soob a cold night. We are not in town whereit could be easily obtained, therefore one moeet get it by stealth. . Of course you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I must say a smaIl half.pint out of one of these casks would never be misa sed," "Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stanton, carelessly, "Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard;but I say, Exley,swhat about that lecture you gave us respteting general orders, and Colonel Dartopp's esterp discipline ?" - The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Watt until you're promoted sgainl,\ Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwiseo. Red tape and bunkum. Bunhum and red tape to the end of thechap ter. I'll bet Colonel 3artopp bas not retired to his tent without a skinfol of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watch through the long eight in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here ready at our hand ? " "Bravo, Exley I Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter.mneter, but I repeat, you are my superior olmcer, and-there are the casks." " Good. 'This follow hero seems a little apoplectic, we will bleed him." " With all my heart, buthow will you do it, through his bunghole " oried Charlie, laugh ing. " No I Only a bungler would go to work :that way. See hero, I have a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I spile this fellow's frontis piece." Clement lxloy east a triumphant look at his companion ere he went down on his knees to bore the rum punoheon. Had the good. natured inconstant dup? seen that look, he would havo thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him, But Charlie Stanton, measuring the man by-his own standard, saw nothing in it savea good fellow in want of a nobbler, and who had pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. O. Crawling from his lair as silently as a seer. pent, Sanfly beheld Nolcy holding the panni can over a thin stream issuing from one of the eoaks. IHow the liquor hissed andgurgled as it spouted into the pot I When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the surgeant plugged it up again. " Now, comrade, tlke a nip." "After you," said Charlie, modestly. 513 "The girls we left bohind aus," and the ser. geant put the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any. "I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the pannoian at a draught. It took away his breath for the nonce, but that was nothing-tl eoi ht was oold. "What do you say, shall we refill the gob. let, Stanton? " "1y all means, Exley, and the pot was re. pleniehed. - "I did not expect we were going to have such a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with th6 oan of rum between his knees, "OCome, Clem, take a sip and pass the de canter." In a short time the meastre wan again empty, and once more rnillcd. The l'ery opiril was at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell upon the troopers. " We must be cautioqs, comrade, and not arouse the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, as Charlie became rather noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting omiloer before four o'clock." "Oh, bother the visiting otfiler-pass the nappy, Clem." " I suppose you don't mind my rolle. ing you when your two hours are up, OChar lie ?" " - "Not at all. I anm content to romain hero until daylight, providing you leave amo the gimlet. Hero's your health, Clem,and may you live to be a general." . " The rergeant watabed him with glietering eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," he said, "II nonsense. Here, hold my earbino, the pot is empty." One p.m. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech and rather-prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is stapgeriog about, moralising to theb empty air, like'one of Con grave's heroes. He will have another sip of the liquor, and he has his way, for he is beyond reason now. The rum hbas mastered him completely; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his laugh oracked, sense gone, and talking-ye Gods I such rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted and leaves him alone in his glory. The oeieer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.m. tho Commiesariat Guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correat. "How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exloy 7" " Only one, Captain I" "I will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard and the noncommissioned ofticer in charge to aeompany. the oliceer hlien visiting the sentries. Exley cailed two of Ihis comrades, who conducted the captain over to thestores, hut of course there was no one to challenge their appromah. "Halt," oried the ofieer,'how's this? where is your man, nergeant 7" he asked in a tone of surprise.. SBsefore the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out the dark innert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon the floor fast asleep. A light was brop!ht from the tent and they 'tried to rouse hlm; but in vain. There appeared no need to inquire how lihe nmn got drunk on hi. post. The leaking oask, the gimlet, and the pannioan half full of liquor on the ground beside him, told irt own tale plainly. S"Tlhi ti a very unfortunate matter," cried the eorge an, with wellfeigined regret in his tone. "What ia to be done, air ?' "Done why your duty, Hirgi?ant Ezley, of course," responded theo optain, "Carry the poor devil to the guard- tent, and, put another inan in his stead. '!I'll report to Colonel Dartopp on my return. Good. night 1" Morning came with its rosy blush tinging the hill tops and hissing thi nicelting onoamp. ment into renewed life. It found S'rg- ant Exley pacing moodily before the guard.tent where his unfortunate victim lay elumbering off the fumes of intoxication. " Is this but the prelude to her dream ?'' le muttered. -"Gad, it would Pecm so. Hero are the cirole of hills around, bare nd treeless overlooking the valloy below. Yonder the Ohan Lako gleaming in (ho eoaly sun like a burnished shield. What more? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the firs at at o the dream ?-the formed pqrfare, and thl man tied to'the triangles? 'Ve shall see. Charles Stanton, it would have been well had'thou or I never cen Kiora Selby. Poor wretc?, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt seo tho eat, ready. And now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sepfly was heard asll. ing for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the bill towards the tent ocoopied by Bob Cable. (To be contnuned.) Never renl by twilight. mronllght, or'on cloudy dnys. Economical Cookery. 'Ono of the greatest troubles with young housekeepers is the meat. W\\\ are so apt to got too much, especinlly whore tlhe fanuily is so smalnl. Ono ,pound of smolk, threo or four for a stew lud a four or five pould roast is a great plenty for a famnily of throo. If the object is to got'breakhasltf quickly, as it is .with io, I try 'to have potatocaonoough left from dinnortithu'day before to warm over for breakfist; - FNor thoro are warined over potatoeos and warmed oveor potatoes, 1 have seen. those that it was a wonder to mae how any one could eat themt . First alicu thelO and jput theou into a frying )pan with ia good sized piece of butter, popper aaltOpd oumn good swoeet milk. Place thuem over the fire and koop chopping' and stirring with a knife, adding more iilk, occasionally. WVhcl thoy nro very fillo and the piieces adheretogether theyarecooklid sullicieatly. - Some chop the potatoes first in a chopping bowl, but I do not like trhem as well that way. If you havo fresh steak, either broil or fry. I supposo we who use soft coal'umay say we, fry our stoak now, after. the able defonse our sister gavo us last week. 'If you havo cold mept, .' oeither baked or broiled, a good way to warm it is to slice in thin slites, and fry quickly. a delicato brown in butter. Or another way: cut the cold moat (any kind of fresh meat will do) into small mouthfuls, piut in a stoiw pan with water onough to cover, and let stow ten or fifteen minutes. Add a lump of butter, popper and salt. MIake a thickening of a little flour rubbed smooth with water and thicken, taking care not to got it very thick. The various clubs of European moan. taincer haera built hut as jldaces of refugo in the Alps, Pyrenees, and Oarpathinnmoeon tnins, to the number of two hundred and sixty sven in all. The highlest Is on thi lMatterhorn, over twelve thousand fcotabovre the sen.loel; tthe lowest, in ,Trnnsylrnla, about fitteen hundred fet., Of :tho .entirm number, two hundred oad fuolrariren thur Alps. An order of knighthiood; his her n con.: ferred by the German Emtperor: 1up0on Si Joseph Ister; the eminont lrltiho surgeo?;. who.s anti.septic, method? of; sargery hal mnde his name known all over the w'orld., 