PROPHETICAL INTERPRETATION The Rev. Dr Roseby preached at the Con gregational Church, Dawson street, yester day evening, on “The second advent of Christ, with some general remarks on the interpretation of prophecy." The sermon hud special reference to the prophetical con ference held a fortnight since in Ballarat. The preacher took as the basis of his re marks Ist Corinthians, xiii, 13 —“And now abideth faith, hope, love—-these three; and the greatest of these is love.” He remarked that he intended to foilouqtlie spirit of tins passage rather than take it as a text. He had no desire to speak otherwise than in terms of respect, esteem, and love of the brethren, some of ihem beloved helpers in the cause of Christ, in onr own community, who took part in the recent prophetical conference. Nor was he disposed to lay much stress upon the fact that the views ad vocated were such as the Christian church of to-day, for the most part, declined to accept. While differing entirely from his brethren in their understanding of the Scrip tures upon this topic, he honored their championship of a comparatively' unpopular cause, and shared their feeling of loyalty ami love to Christ, remarking—“ Are we disciples of the Great Teacher? So are they. Are we denizens of the kingdom ? So are they. Are we concerned for the welfare of our fellow-men ? So are they.” He would not, in dealing with the matte!, lay before his hearers hastily prepared statements. While assuming a respectful attitude towards other Christian eiujuirers in the same Held, he would not dissemble the strength and definiteness of his own convictions. At the base of the controversy lay the question as to the literal or spiritual interpretation of prophecy. If they found an apostolical precedent fur spiritual interpretation, they might feel easy as to the legitimacy of the method. Take a well-known passage in the book of Joel. It was quoted in the “ Apology for Millctiariauism” as one of the proof texts for the theory that Christ would come in person to set up a visible kingdom on Mount Zion. Yet Peter, on the Hay of I J enteco3t, boldly seized the pre diction concerning Cod’s dwelling in Zion, the descent of the spirit of prophecy upon restored Judah, and even concerning the wonders in Heaven and on earth—blood, and fire, and vapor of smoke—as referring to the descent of the Holy’ Ghost then taking place. Could anything lie more conclusive. Another instance was afforded in the history of the Early Church, narrated in the Acts of the Apostles. The question of the admission of Gentiles into the Church then and there, was discussed. James, who appeared to have presided, quoted from Amos not literally, for the inspiration of the Scriptures was spiritual, not verbal “ After these things I will return, and will build again the tabernacle of David," &e.; This he applied to the event then transpir ing, hut this was another proof text used by their Miiienariau brethren for the visible reign of Christ in Jerusalem. Another prophet—Ezekiel—spoke of the restored ritual of Judaism, yet surely this must be taken in a spiritual sense. Treat it as a symbol of the Christian Church, with its central altar (the cross of Christ), its one atonement (that of Christ), and its one priest (Christ himself), and it was intelligible. If the New Testament taught anything, it taught that in Christ the levitic.il and priestly system had been done away for ever. The vision was quite clearly a symbolical representation of the ever lasting worship of the Great God in the church and kingdom of our Lord. Its meaning was made clear by that glorious passage in Malaehi—“From the rising of tlie sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall lie great among the Gentiles, and in every place incense shall he offered unto My name and a clear oblation;” while every possibility' of misunderstanding was removed by our Lord’s own emphatic testimony; “Hot in this mountain, nor in Jerusalem, but everywhere in spirit and in truth;” and by St. John, “ I saw no temple therein; for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple thereof.” The advent of Christ was used in the New Testament in four capital senses —l, His first coming; 2, His fre quent coming, as the head over nli things, unto Ilis church; 3, His coming again ami ai'ain in the various eiisis of a man’s life, in his conversion ami in his death; 4, His second advent—“ He sitteth at the right hand of God, from whence he shall eorne to judge the quick and the dead.” The early' Christians were told to watch. For what? For an event that was not to happen at least till nineteen centuries after they should he ill their graves ? God keepeth truth for ever, and when he bids men watch and wait for an event, that event is near. If it referred to the coming of Christ at death, or to the de struction of Jerusalem, they could understand it. In regard to the two, resurrections men tioned in Revelations, the firstone was that of souls and not of bodies. There was a resur rection of the martyr spirit of fidelity and saintliness in the church. Then followed the millenium—whether literally 1000 years or not he could not say, which was succeeded j by a temporary, revolt from Ciirist. Con--; cerning these pictures, he taught his tongue-1 to say, “I do not know;’” yet, did he knor.wj less, he might be more confident. Scaligan wrote of Galvin—‘■‘•Calvin was wise heeiase: 1 he did not write on the book of the lie tola.- tions:” and he entirely agreed with tibia judgment, To conclude—l. There eoelH he" no doubt that the dispensation of the spirit, under which we now live, was the apes and crown of all Gel's dispensations, 2. The Gospel dispensation, in its ideal, looks forward to. a universal broth,niiood of man, wherein all national and racial pre ferences shall disappear, and C liras be all in all; the Millonarian theory looked for a ; restored preference for the Children of i Israel. X The end oi the Gaapol dispensa tion was the abolition of all distinctively local centres of Divine worship. 4. Christ’s was a spiritual kingdom, and His victories were those of love. 5, Those victories should, be won. They had been told that of t'-.e countless millions of the human family, a man or two would basaved here and there, but that the rest were rushing over the brink of death into Vats abyss of woe. This he did not believe. He did not believe : Christ had died in vain. He believed the number of the lost would be to the number of the saved in as poor a proportion as the felons in tho gaol or the malefactors on the gallows were to tho free citizens of a country. Christ was winning all along the line, and the world \VUS Rover wiser or better than jk is ;iow. 