trims orsiiDff. Supposed Suicide at Bexaveo. — Last evening a telegram was received at Hamilton, stating that a man named James Walkley was found dead, with a gunshot wound in his head, in the barn of Mr. John Mann, Benayeo. The wound was evidently self-inflicted, and as the deceased had but recently been liberated from the Adelaide Asylum, and was known to be deranged in intellect, the case is supposed to be one of suicide. Walkley was on a visit to Mr. Munn at the time of the occurrence. A Bunawat Accidext which caused some excitement for a short time occurred . in Hamilton between twelve and one o'clock yesterday, when five horses, attached to a timber lorry, took it into their beads to make tracks up the Colecaine road. They started from opposite the Caledonian Hotel, and went away at a rare bat towards the Dun das Shire Hall, on approaching which they swerved towards the white picket fence. This caused them to torn down towards the Coleraine road again, but before reaching it they were brought to a standstill by the iron lamp post on the pathway and by one of them falling in the gutter. Itisfoitn- n&te; their career was so soon checked, as a long lorry swaying to and fro behind five maddened horses wonld not have been a pleasant thing for any person driving into town to meet. Tbe horses were not injured, nor was any great amount of damage done to the lorry. Draughts, — Mr. Wyllie, the herd laddie, has been beaten in a game of draughts by Mr. Patterson, the champion of Victoria. The extraordinary man, who is sow visiting Australia, hat travelled nearly all over the world, played tens of thousands of games with the beat players in the universe, has made a few draws, but has scarcely ever been beaten. Therefore Mr. Patterson has reason to be proud of his vie- i tory. Mr. Wyllie, they say, is " as deaf as : a post." Perhaps this affliction is of great i assistance to him when studying the! chequered board, as not bring distracted by any conversation that may be going on, he can concentrate the whole of his attention on the mimic fight. He Is (men to play '.all : comers, his charge bring, in Mriboorne, a shilling a game, and the way in which he has smash ed np the defences of many who, before be appeared ou the scene, thought they knew more than a little about the science of draughts is marvellous. Some of the best playera in Victoria hare paid him scores of shillings, hoping against hope to: catch him napping, but Mr. Patterson is the only one who has yet been able to more than hold his own, and that in only one came. Sorely our local lovers of the game «rTuofc gOUlg to alio w Mr. Wyllie to retarn to Bonnie Scotland without giving an Exhibition of his marvellous skill in Hamilton. PORTLASD COUSTV COUET.— In this Court yesterday, before His Honor Jndge Qninlan R. MTJarty brought an actmn' sgaumt G. Bell, for asssnlt and for excessive ffistreint on sheep seized :by defendant for wespaaa.. Mr. Samuel appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. MrivRfe for the driend- founa a verdict for the riaintiff, whomrfw awarded ..£17 damages, with eosto, which council on both sides agreed to bavc fixed at £7 7a. .... - Hamimos Police <3ouKr.i-messrs. «nd V?IggijjvJ.F.,':presiaea at this , Court yestaday.- _ Several . Barents were proceeded- igainst fortiflihg fcsend hesrehHdnm oto echoolton Umuumberbf days required hyrifceAct. SniaRfines were imposed tn «ari> oaari Aiuhnri Stevenson comphunod agiinst H. Bncknrilor nnlaw «® a AftQ- heaang the evidence the ooBte.tt.iathBOt'teTettdayB'iiiq I Bum Relief Fund. — Since our last issue we have received 10s 6d from Mr. J. K—Mi, Byadnk, in rid of the Bulli relief funi We observe that the third instalment of the Victorian contributions towards the fond has been sent to Sydney, making a total of £3000 forwarded to the central com mittee. " Bis anticipated that a very large sum will yet be added to the amount already subscribed. The bulk of the country sub scriptions bave not yet been received in Melbourne, and the donations from the State Schools, police force, shire councils and pub lic service departments, are not yet com plete. It is anticipated that in all something like £5600 or -£6000 will represent the Vic torian total and we trust that these antici pations wfll be realised. The employes of he Victorian Railway Department have already subscribed £1000 towards the fund and about £200 has yet to come in from that aonrce. The 2000; State Schools in the colony are expected, to average a £1 a piece, and one journal anticipates that tbe Shire Councils will average £10 each- Judging from Bppeaiaocw we we disposed to uuak til Utter estimate is excessive, Since the foregoing was written we have received the following letter from Mr. A. J. Oswell, together with £2 17s 7d in cash " Dear Sir, Please receive from me £2 17s 7d being netfc proceeds of collection taken up at Temperance Meeting at Harrow last Satur day night. The total collection was £3 12s 7d, and through the committee only charg. ing 15s for rent of hall and piano in place of 30s, we have been enable! to forward the sum mentioned above. JTre. Yesterday morning about 11 o'clock the wooden dwelling of Mr. John Kenneth, situated on tbe Cavendish road, three miles from Hamilton, was destroyed by fire. Mr. Kennett sayE that he and his family were outride, abont forty yards from Si? bouse, engaged in cutting chaff. look- lag up from his work "Kennett saw to his surprise that the house, which appeared to be all safe a short time previously, waa in flames. He only succeeded in saving a cfaest of drawers acd a box containing mis- crilaneoos articles: everything rise was destroyed. The building, which belonged to Mr. Kennett, was insured in the Vic toria Insurance Go- for £150 ; the formtiue was uninsured, and Mr. KeniirU. will be a heavy loser by the mishap. Mr. Kennett supposes that a burning log must have rolled out from the fireplace and ignited the build ing j otherwise he is unable to account for the conflagration. A Naval Court Martial-— Lieu tenant Heaketh, of the colonial gunboat Gayundah, has been tried by court martial at Brisbane for alleged misconduct. The court found him guilty of the following charges: — "1. Conduct unbecoming an offi cer in obtaining cash for a cheque on Q. N. Bunt- for £60, he knowing there were no funds to his credit at the bank, and the cheque being dishonoured- 2- An act preju dicial to good order and naval discipline, tie borrowing of £10 from an able seaman-" The court martial recommended that Hese keth be dismissed. The jurisdiction of til court was questioned by the counsel wh appeared on behalf of the accused, and th® whole matter will probably be fought ou before a civil tribunal. A Borgia Baxquet. — A Sydney wire to the Herald is as follows : — " A tele gram from Tingha states that a shocking occurrence is reported from Kangaroo Camp, ten miles from there. From information to hand it appears that a wedding breakfast was being partaken of yesterday morning, to which some thirty persons sat down. A few hoars after several began to show sym- toms of having been poisoned, and in a short time over 20 were stricken down and writh ing in agony. Dr. Knowies, from inverell, was soon in attendance and is doing all he can for the sufferers. No deaths are re ported yet. It is supposed that the tea which they drank had been tampered with." As Old Hamiltoxian. — In the coarse of a paragraph announcing a change in tile management of the local post-office, the Stawell C/ironidc time alludes to Mr. IV. H. Haley, -who for many was years connected with the telegraph office in Hamilton: — " Mr. W. H. Haley, who has occupied the position of relieving postmaster at Stawell ever since the denartnre of Mr. J. Kicol, a period extending over six months, has formed a very large circle of warm friends who have learned, to thoroughly appreciate his qualities as an obliging, proficient, and courteous offico- of the department. Daring his brief stay in Stawell, Mr. Haley has identified himself with local institutions, which is rendered all the more worthy of notice, as Mr. Haley, in his capacity as re lieving officer, did not know when he would receive notice to take his departure from amongst ns. Many will regret that Mr. Haley could not lie permanently appointed to take charge of ill is office, but their warmest wishes for his future success and prosperity will accompany him wherever he may go." The Sevres "Will Case. — The hear ing of this remarkable case was resumed be fore Mr. Jnstice Webb in the Equity Court on Friday, when Miss O'Halloran, the lady in whose favour the disputed will was made, was' cross-examined by Mr. l'nrves. In answer to enquiries she stated that under the original will of her sister, Mrs. Severs, she would only benefit to the extent of £100, bnt by the will made the night before the testatrix's death, the witness was left pro perty to the value of £5000. In stating the case for Mr. Severs, who, on behalf of his children had lodged a caveat against the second will, Mr, Purees said it wonld be shown that Mrs. Severs had given way to drunken habits for same time prior to ber death, and that she was not in her proper senses when she made the will objected to by the caveator. It was also alleged that Miss O'Hslloran had encouraged her aster in her drnnken habits. Evidence taken on commission in Adelaide, in support of the objections to the will, was put in, and Mr. Wynne, of Cnth- oert and Wynne, solidtors, gave evidence as to the preparation of the first will by which the deceased left her property, with the ex- ceptioa of £100, to her stepchildren, the daughters of Mr. Severs. The further hear ing of the case was then adjourned until Monday. They Rkhaix et Bond. — Some months .ago, commenting in onr --leading columns on the proposed visit to the colonies of certain Chinese Commissioners who have been in stiucfaed by the 1'ekin authorities to enquire into the condition of their country men in .this colony, we ventured the sup position that the poll-tax would be duly demanded from the distinguished visitors. It now Appears that this subject has seriously -engaged the attention of the Cus toms authorities, who, according to a Mel bourne joornal, see no difficulty in the way as the Commissioners will be practically " in bond " durinsr their stavin the odIoby. As the regulations respecting «f goods " in bond raqmre that they dull he kept tioder ldck and key outside Customs business hoars, it will be, interesting to note how the authorities will act in this matter- The Chinese visitors mayor may not be "goods", within the meaning of the Customs regulation, but if they are to be in bond it wonld appear to be necessary (hat they should be continually under the supervision of the Customs officers. And if they did not keep regular hours the officers in charge would manage to put together a nice little bit for overtime. As the distinguished Mongolians would themselves have to pay, they should realize the advantage of accepting the advice given by Maccabe in one of his characteristic songs, " Don't stay out too late at night." Or perhaps (he cheapest wfy out of the difficulty would be to pass an entay at the outset, and' na.y the noil-tax and relieve dhemselves from bondage. If the Com- miationera elect to step ashore on any occas ion the doors of their respective apartments should be duly eecnied with red tape, and the official seal attached in the regulation fashion. ;TThetpeqtacle of abond of Chinese nobilities wanderihg ishont the.colony with a MOtatfoBire'thetfhevteld ' MoueibdRiei— TlmproWionaiy ponunistionergranted to laeut-G. T. Sichlan 'has been oanfirmed. The commission bears date lOth April, 1887, and the officer wOl rank next «fter Jieut Pheasants. Messrs. J- B. Mqntgomery end L. A. Nolan have been appointed -amgaona of the corns, with the rriatiVe Xenk of captain. , A l&aprpbai;,. Rkhotkab.— -Mr. & Dddaen, Mystnyn,, tM,.",\ieen appointed deputy riectorri Registrar for the Heywood divMonl df f the rieotorsl district of Port- fend, and of the Portisnd Shire division f ths Wj»d Pxevmo;tfoe <Mr. I. B. DUNKELD RACES. —These races take place to-day, when a very nice programme of six events will be carried out on the Dunkeld course. There is every appearance of fine' weather, and the meeting ehonld be an enjov! able one. The bill of fare provided bv the management consiste of the Trial Stakes Handicap, Sellmg Baoe, Ladies Bracelet Handicap Hurdles, and Stewards' ,-Puree! Painful Accident— Robert Ratty, the well-known steeplechase rider, has met with a painful accident While opening » bottle of lemonade the bottle bnrat Sad Batty received such a severe injury to the right eye that he will probably lose the sight of it held uveb. — Pressure on our space again obliges ns to hold over a large quan tity of district correspondence. -Sale of Cboucb's Hotel Our Casterton correspondent inform, u, that Messrs. Cussen and Ingpenhave effected the sale of Crouch's Hotel, Casterton. The purchaser is Mr. Daneoeks, and the figure £3000. The Factories Act.— It is said that, in consequence of some misconception with regard to the provisions of the Factories Act, people hare heen taking into their em ployment in factories lads under tbe age of 13 years. This is expressly forbiddeE by the statute, and in future employers tt—fj offending will be prosecuted. A Kew Importation. — One of the travellers by the train from Casterton to Hamilton on Saturday, was a very fins highly bred Alderney bull, from the now celebrated herd that has been got together at Struan House, Sonth Australia" The pedigree of the boll, which is to take us it. a4 «(T«wa im. EL. St ,, -mT 4uuw.ti9»v AuujiuKCBin, on voe jfena- hurst road, about two miles distant from Hamilton, is given in onr advertising columns, and by this it will be seen that bo far as breeding is concerned, " Imagination " is not to be surpassed in Australia. His presence in this district will, doubtless, be appreciated. The Redemptobist Missio. — A mission for women conducted hy the Re- demptorist Fathers in St Patrick's Cathe dral, Melbourne, was concluded on Sunday At the 7 o'clock Mass no less than 2000 women approached the Sacrament of Eucharist, and at the 9 o'clock a large number of young people also received the Sacrament. In the afternoon an interesting ceremony, performed for the first time in the Cathedral, took place. The charcb was densely crowded with women who came to renew their baptismal vows. ra»wi» carried & wax taper and at a given «gn«l from Father Vaughan all tbe tapers were lighted, making a brilliant scene. Those present then recited in a loud voice the vows mode on their behalf in baptism, the pledges being solemnly renewed. The Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament followed. In the even ing the Mission for men was commenced, the cathedral being densely crowded. The Land Act. — New licenses; E. Bellingham jum., Ararat and Bmxumbeep ; H. B. Carroll, Ann Myers, ABce Myers, B. Myers and H. Rowley, Burrumbeep ; J. Cook, C. Hodges, and L. C. Scheiger, Ararat ; Lydia Cooper, Lexington ; Margaret Smith, Moyston ; M. Byrne, Yuppeckiar ; J. Crcen, Balmoral ; J. YV. Dnnnon, North Hamilton ; J. Howlett, Dergholm ; E. M 'Callum, Kaladbro ; M. MFarlane, Wer- rikoo ; P. Wilson, Myomyn. Leases ap proved : J. Neal, Yallabur ; fi Anderson, Montajup ; W. H. Cranage, Edenhope ; A. M'Kinnon, Roseneath ; Ellen Eagan, Kalad- bro ; J. Cain, Ardno ; C. Murrell, Killara ; F. M. A. Ross, Werrigar ; W. S. P. Hyland and C. M'Donald, Telangatuk ; S. Hogan, Wallup ; J. Kealey, Bringalbert ; Kezia Rees, Duahl ; A. S. Lundy and J. O'Connor, Wail ; E. Kemp, Nurrabiel ; P. Crimmins and E. Jenkins, Lah Arun ; Mary Dela- hunty, Jung Jung ; J. F. Schnltz, Carchap ; L. Clark, Cannnm ; L. Boyd, Nullan ; Annie Grant, Ashens ; F. Meyer, Conangorach and Carchap ; Johanna Hogan, Narcoring ; A. Sinclair, Marma ; S. Widdison, Kiata ; J. F. Mooney, Toolong. Amateur Tubf Club Races — On last Saturday the May meeting of the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club waa held on the Caulficld course ; when, in consequence of the unpropitious weather, the attendance was smaller than usual. The programme opened with a Trial Handicap, a apart of six furlongs, for 100 sovs., which was won by Honora, with Dnfferin second, and Vas- cosa third, no less than seventeen others starting. Tbe Handicap Hurdle Race, of 150 sovs., one mile and three quarters, brought out a field of thirteen and fell to Whalebone, with Roy and Huntsman second and third respectively. Five horses weighed ont for the Selling Race of 100 sovs., which was appropriated by the favorite, Stafford, followed by Success and The Ghost, in the order named. A Handicap Steeplechase, of 200 sovs., followed, the distance being above two miles. A field of twelve came to the starting post, and an interesting race resulted in a victory for Royal Oak, Baby bring second, and Promotion third. For the Glen- iiuntly Handicap, of 200 aovs., there were eighteen starters, of whom Menotti proved tbe fleetest, Meteor and Ringmaster securing respectively second and third places. The programme ended with a Two- year-old Han dicap, of 100 sovs., five and a-balf furlongs, which was won by Dick Swiveller, after a fine contest with Albert Loddon, Rosewood being third. The jockey Tomlin was dis qualified for three months for tailing to keep iiis agreement to tide Damocles in the Trial Handicap. Assault on the Police. — A rather peculiar case came before the Carlton Police Court on Saturday, when three brothers named White, all young man : their meter, a girl of 17 ; and Ellen Joy, 23 years of age ; were charged with assaulting Sergeant O'Donuell and Constables West and Brown, while they were in the execution of their duty. So far as we know at present; ail the defendants were respectable hurd-wotking people, living in Canning-street Canton. At 10 o'clock on the morning of the Sth iast. O'Donnell and the two constables, all of whom were in plain clothes, went to the house of the defendants fer the purpose of ascertaining if a man who . was " wanted " for a robbery was staying there. O'Donnell knocked at the door and after a short interval it was opened and the sergeant received a heavy Moor over the head with a piece of firewood. Then a sort of general taeZee commenced _ The White family went for tie early viators with a vengeance, and although O'Donnell tried to use his life-preserver he waa quickly rendered powerless and . eo severely beaten than for 22 days he was unable to lea his bed. His companions also came in for a liberal share of hard knocks, and were beaten offi The young ladies are allied to fiar onnnnremul 'i4ia Whlfaw brOttOfl 1X1 their performances by appropriate cxdama- tions. Subsequently tbe whole five inmate of the bouse were arrested. Mr. GifioJ, who appeared for the defenoe, said that dii clients had mistaken the police for evil dis posed persons who came on their premises at 1 o'clock In the morning for an unlawful purpose. He regretted that Sergeant O'Donnell had been so much knocked about, but it was his own fault if be chooses to rouse citizens out of bed at ouch an hourano run the risk of bring mistaken for a bmglar. The charge against the young women wsa withdrawn, and the Bench derided tossed the other coses to a jury, the brothers White being committed for tnal. ' ' Governor's Levee. — An usual, Jus Excellency the Governor will ijOYernment nouse on hic Tuesday, toe 24th inst. Gentlemen attend ing are requested to appear insmifonnw in evening costume. " 'U Removal. — Mr. 3. S. Alliniain, solicitor, of Hamilton, intimates in our d vertisiug columns that he lms removed bis office from Roxburgh House topremises adjoining those of Mr. King, Thomson- street. - ' 1 T : 