CaUs ati& Sfcetdjes. Aunt Mona. My Aunt Mona, if her own words might jbe believed, had hardly been well for a day throughout her life, certainly not for one during the last twenty years. She walked the earth a bundle of unstrung nerves, an incarnation of aches and pains, a living sufferer of all the disorders that poor mortals are liable to, a specimen of utter misery and living martyrdom, from the crown of her smooth brown bead down to her pretty feet, there was no sound health in her. So she would assure us ten times a day. How is it, I wonder, that people who bave every essential good in life to make them comfortable, must create discomfort for themselves ? Some do it. One will aeek it in fretfulness, another in jealousy, a third in wearing anxiety about nothing. I suppose that, as a certain amount of suffering is, and must be, the lot of all, ' while they inhabit this world, those upon '.whom Heaven has not indicted it, must ipeeds indict it on themselves. Aunt Mona found hers in health. That is, you understand, in the lack of health. 1 And she might have been ao bright and bappy 1 The wife of Thomas ButterOeld, substantial yeoman and farmer, whose crops never seemed to fail, and whose bouse was filled with plenty, Aunt Mona I bad every substantial good, in their plain | way, that she could bave. Her children j were hearty, her friends true. But that health of hers ruined everything. Any husband less sunny-tempered than Uncle Butterfield, would have become morose ere this. Mr. Whale, the parson, talking of it one evening to my father, when he had called in and stayed supper, and they became confidential over their whisky-and water, declared he should have shaken her long ago were she his wife, and been fit to turn her out of doors afterwards. Aunt Mona did not sit patiently down and endure her suffering ; she had too much spirit for that. I don't believe there was a doctor within a hundred mileB who had not heard the dismal story of her manifold and ever-increasing ail ments. She had tried allopathy, homoeopathy, hydropathy ; she had consulted various binds of practitioners : botanic, eclectic, magnetic, and mesmeric. She once travelled to London to consult a renowned spiritual medium. She had fully tested all the patent mediciues of the day, in cluding Hollo way's ointment, and Cockle's pills, and Mrs. Winslow's soothing syrup, and somebody's chest expanders ; and yet —here she was still, not cured ; worse than ever. Papa would call her on the sly " My sister Moaner." But now a wonderful thing occurred. 'There came into Jthe village hard by a man -of medicine, and he set up liis tent for a day or two. He called himself the great " Physio-Eclectic-Magnetic Healer," and be came heralded by a mighty flourish of trumpets, and by bills as large as life, professiug to cure everything. Aunt Mona was in a flutter of hope; she wrote to him to say she was coming, and she took me with her. He own children were not old enuugb, and Uncle Butterfleld would as soon have paid a visit to the moon. The great Magnetic Healer was a tall man with a black beard. He solemnly bowed aunt into a big chair, and me to a smaller one. " I have enjoyed poor health for twenty years," began Aunt Mona in a sighing tone, while the great doctor, sitting be fore her, looked and listened attentively. " Some of the medical men I have con sulted say it must be the lungs, others the liver, others, again, say it is the heart. I say it is all three. They cannot find out any organic disease, they tell me, and they only recommend proper diet, air, and exercise. One of them went so far as to say that all I wanted was cheerfulness. I know better. And so would they if they felt as £ feel. I told old Stafford so, our I doctor, the other day. My opinion is, i that I have a complication of diseases : ] my lungs are weak, my liver does not act, and I am often terribly pressed for breath, as my niece here, Miss Arkright, can testify to. That, of course, must be the beart." " Of course," murmured the great Magnetic Healer. "Go on, madam." " I am troubled perpetually with rheumatic and neuralgic pains, and I have something dreadful in my back. The spine, no doubt. One minute the blood will gallop up aDd down my veins like a streak of lightning, the next it seems to freeze as if it were so much ice. I have shiverings, and I have bad nights, and I bave headache—and altogether I am sure no poor woman was ever so afflicted. Can you do anything for me, sir ? I believe the heart's the worst." "Madam," said the great Magnetic Healer, pompously, " that particular form of heart disease has been of frequent occurrence in my practice, and I have been invariably successful in its treat ment. Scientifically speaking, your com plaint is malformation of the right auricle and—there may be—something a little amiss with the left ventricle. I think perhaps there is. You feel out of spirits, now don't you, often ; especially in damp, gloomy weather ; and a sort of distaste to everything I" " Why, doctor, no one before ever told me this!" exclaimed Aunt Mona in ecstasy. " It is exactly how I do feel." " Yes, yes, my dear madam, I could describe your every sensation just as well as though I myself were the sufferer. How is your appetite 1" " Well, it is not to be relied on ; but it's mostly very poor. Some days I eat well enough ; others I can't touch a thing, and I live then upon strong green tea, or perhaps coffee, and toast-and-butter." " A most deleterious practice, my dear madam. "Order is nature's first law," and it behoves us to be regular io our diet. This capriciousness of appetite arises from the derangement I speak of, and can be easily remedied. Do you sleep well \" " Good gracious. 110, doctor ! Not as a j rule. How can you expect it ? And if I; do sleep, I dream. The other night I had a dreadful dream—I thought I saw the ghosts of my two dead brothers who were drowned ten years ago. They were beckoning to me. I awoke in the worst fright possible, screaming and crying." " Aud you had gone to bed supperless that night—upon nothing but green tea 1" " Well, no. That night I had managed to eat a morsel of supper and drink a drop of our old ale. Hot pork chops and apple fritters we had, I remember." The doctor coughed. " Yes, they beckoned to me distinctly," continued Aunt Mona, returning to the ghosts of her two brothers, "It was a sign, I know, doctor; a warniDg that I must soon follow tbem. I feel that I am not long for this world." " My dear lady, do not despair, I im plore you. A life, valuable as yours, must not so early be lost to the world ; a sun so brilliant must not go down ere it has attained its meridian splendour. In the hands of an ordinary physician your case would indeed be hopeless; but my skill may perhaps avail, even for you. I fear," madam, that you are inclined to hysteria. In simpler phrase, that you are nervous." " No, doctor, I cannot say that I am. I should be, if I gave way to my feelings, but that is what I never allow myself to do. My husband at times tells me I aai hysterical; but, when I'm dead and gone he'll know better. He will realise then that I was the patientest, uncomplaining e8t mortal woman that ever breathed. Being so hearty himself, he cannot under stand that other people have ailments; and so—and so—all I know is, that I am frightfully ill and get no sympathy." And, with the last words, Aunt Mona covered her face with her handkerchief, and sobbed aloud. Much affected, the great Magnetic Healer, turned away, as if to conceal bis emotion. Then, returning to his chair, he spoke in a consoling tone. "Dry your tears, dear lady ; I have the gift of prescience, which assures me that yon will live and not die. Although my great reliance in the cure of disease is my wonderful mesmeric and magnetic power; yet, in addition to these, I am possessed of an unrivalled medicine, the secret of whose preparation was commu nicated to me while in the spiritual-trance state, by the great Galen himself. Take heart. It shall cure yon." "Oh, if it could!" cried aunt, drop ping her handkerchief. " What medicine is it 1 " " It is called the ' Elixir of Life and Universal Panacea.' This small bottle of medicine which I will give you," be added producing a little phial filled with a lemon-coloured liquid, " is sufficient to cure any mortal disease, and " " It don't look much of it," interrupted auut. I " My good lady, it will last you your I lifetime. You may take one drop on | rising in the morning, one drop at noon, and one drop before retiring at night. ( Continue this course for a fortnight, then one drop only every other day, until you are cured, will be sufficient." Pocketing his fee of two guineas, the renowned Magnetic Healer bowed us out, my aunt clasping the treasured bottle. " What a mercy I went to him 3 " she cried. " If he had but come here a few years ago! What do you think of him, Maria 1 " Now the truth was, I did not think much of him. My impression was, he had been fit to burst out laughing all the time : but it would not do to say so. " If it cures you, Aunt Mona, it will be a good thing." Uncle Butterfield took an opportunity of tasting the " Elixir," and privately assured his friends, amidst bursts of laughter, that he could testify to the truth of its being Elixir—Paregoric Elixir, much diluted and flavoured ; but that, and nothing else. But now, a dire misfortune befel this golden remedy. Some few days later Johnny, the youngest of the little ones, aged seven, saw the phial on his mother's dressing-table, got hold of it and drank the whole at a draught. No evil ensued to Johnny : but his mother was frightfully put out, and Johnny got a whipping. This wonderful j Elixir could not have failed to cure her ; and now it was gone ! The great Mag netic Healer was also gone, which made things the more distressing. Our village had not patronised him as he might have expected, considering the wonderful an nouncement bills, and he had packed up his traps and started, the good genius that presides over the interests of travel- | ling quack doctors alone knew where. For three days Aunt Mona sat on the hearthrug, sobbing. " It would have been the saving of my life J I see it ; I feel and know it. I had confidence in that Elixir. And it must be next to a miracle that that wicked Johnny ia not dead! I was so much better for the few days I took it! And now I must bear the return of all my old ailments and die ! Woe's me ! " And the old ailments did return—as Aunt Mona said ; and she made life a burden to herself and everybody about her. Upon the morning of one of those per fect days, cloudless, serene and balmy, which only the month of June can bring to earth, I took my sewing, and started over to my Aunt Mona's. We lived nearly half a mile distant, in the old Manor House. As I tripped lightly over green meadows, past fragrant orchards and blooming gardens, laden with the perfumes of " incense-breathing June," 1 said to myself—" Surely' upon such a day as this, even Aunt Mona must be well and happy." Ah, vain delusion ! The idea of health and happiness connected with Aunt Mona was Bimply ridiculous. " Mamma is never happy unless she is perfectly miserable," said her eldest daughter one day, eaucy Kate; and no words of mine could better express the state of things. Passing through the garden, I found Louisa and Kate, sitting under the arbour of roses and honeysuckles, shelling a dish of early green peas for dinner, and chatting and laughing very merrily. Phillis, the dairymaid, was churning in the out-house and keeping time to the 1 rise and fall of her churn-dasher with the most blithesome of soft melodies. The cat lay in the warm sunshine, purring with satisfaction ; the canary chirruped gleefully in his cage, and little Johnny came rudning to meet me with sparkling eyes and a merry laugh, and a handful of June roses. All this peace, this rural content, this bright happiness found an echo in my own heart. " Where is your mistress ?" I said to Sarah, who sat in the best kitchen—for I had gone in the back way. " Groaning and moaning somewhere about—as she always is, Miss Maria," replied the old nurse, who had lived with them for years, and had a habit of say- | ing what she pleased. In a little room opening from the din ing-parlour I found Aunt Mona, au old woollen shawl around her shoulders, and crouching disconsolately over the grate, in which roared a fire more befitting January than June. "How do you do, aunt?" I said. " Are you any worse than usual?" She turnhd towards me a face of de spair and woe. Jteally it was enough to give one the blues only to look at it. " Ah, my dear, don't ask. I am miser able." " But what has made you so ?" Aunt Mona gave a deep sigh and bent over the fire again. On the trivet stood a porcelain saucepan, whose contents she was languidly stirring with a spoon. " Why, aunt, what are you doing there 1 Is that a witch's caldron ?" 44 It is a decoction of herbs, to be taken inwardly," meekly sighed she. 441 got the recipe from an old herb doctor. I sent for him here yesterday, and he gave it me. I am going to try it," she added resignedly ; '■ and if it does not cure me, I shall just give np medicine and lie down and die." 44 Gire up mediciue, and arise and live," I answered. 441 firmly believe, aunt, that medicine is killing you; medicine and groaning together." This aroused Aunt Mona. " Maria, how can you talk so, when nothing but medicine has kept me alive these twenty years V' she exclaimed in righteous indig nation. You have lived iu spite of medicine, Aunt Mona, and because your constitu tion is so thoroughly good. Papa says Aunt » ' 441 don't want to hear what your papa ^ says, Maria. Brothers always choose to be rude ; even when I was a child he'd J hurt my feelings. He is so healthy him- ! self that he has no pity for me." 44 You have no pity for yourself, Aunt Mona. Who, but you, would sit over a fire this lovely June day?" 441 am cold, Maria ?" 44 Get up then, aunt, and runabout out of doors in the sunshine." 44 It's cruel of you to talk so," she j whined. 44 How can I stir with that awful I spine in my back ? I can stand it from I your uncle—he talks to me so, like your j papa—but I can't from you. Men are ! | so hard-hearted ! Don't you ever marry one of them, Maria." She tapped her foot on she ground, and stirred on, and sighed. Chancing to ; , look out at the window, I saw uncle But j terfield coming down the Garden path with that pretty widow, Mrs. Berrow, who was one of aunt's great friends and had no patience with her. Aunt looked up also. 44 There's your uncle, Maria, with that I widow Berrow as usual! If he is settling up her husband's property, it's no reason why she should be running after him always. If I wasn't the most unsuspect ing woman on earth, I should be jealous. | But I shall not be in the way long ; that's ; one comfort." j A burst of clear, ringing laughter at this moment reached us. It was soon followed by that most comely woman's I entrance, 44 fair, fat, and forty." As she I stood by Aunt Mona's side, rosy- cheeked, j bright-eyed, in the exuberance of health, I and the prime of a beauty which time j had improved rather than impaired, the i contrast was too painful. I think my J uncle must have felt it, for he sighed as I he turned away. J " Mrs. Butterfield," Baid the widow, in her soft, musical voice—that excellent J thing, in woman—441 was hoping upon j this beautiful morning to find you better." ! Aunt Mona gave no immediate reply, l save a glance that was not a friendly one. j It sail as plainly as could say, 44 You : don't hope anything of the sort; you j want me to die and be out of the way." j 44 My wife seems to be growing worse," ■ said Uncle Butterfield. 44 That two ; sovereign fee, paid to the great magnetic j what-d'ye-call-liim, a month ago, didn't j seem to do you much good, did it, Mona ? j It had better been put into the church j poor-box." j 44 A kind, loving husband ought not to speak of money paid to relieve the suf i ferings and to save the life of his poor, ] dying wife," replied Aunt Mona reproach fully. 44 You know that Johnny, dread ful child, drank the elixir up. But I i shall not be a trouble or expense to you I •' long, Thomas ; I feel that my days are ! numbered." j 44 They have faeeu numbered eversince ! ; I knew you," smiled uncle. 44 The days ; j of all of us are for that matter." j j His wife did not condescend to notice ' the words. Every now and then she had these mournful fits, and liked to talk them out. 44 And when I am gone, Thomas, you can marry some strong, healthy woman, whose ailments won't trouble you. One that's got money, too," she added sig nificantly and spitefully. 44 Yes, money to make up for all you've had to pay for me." " I am glad to see you in so desirable a frame of mind," said Mrs. Borrow, laugh ing merrily. " You show a truly noble, unselfish nature, in providing, even be fore your death, for your husband's se cond marriage." " Now, Caroline Berrow, I think you had better not say more," spoke aunt. " I know how unfeeliDg you can be. It is not the first time you have made game of my illness. As to you, Thomas, you can be looking out for somebody to re place me. I and my sufferings will soon be released from this world of trouble." " Have you any particular person in view ?" asked uncle gravely, " anyone you would like as a mother to your chil dred ? Of course I should have to think a little of them in choosing a second wife." I don't much think Aunt Mona ex pected such a ready acquiescence; she looked startled. Mrs. Berrow ran out to Kate aud Louisa, who were coming in with a basin of peas, and uncle followed ber. Presently the two girls came in. Aunt Mona was then growing hysterical. "Listen, children," she cried—and proceeded to tell them what had passed. " You see your father is so anxious on your account," she added sarcastically, " that he can't even wait for me to die before providing you a step-mother. I will let you choose. How would you like Mrs. Berrow ¥' " Very much indeed," said Kate. " I think she is just as good, and sweet, and pretty as she can be !" cried Louisa. " Mamma, 1 like Mrs. Berrow almost as well as I like you. But I suppose this is all nonsense," broke off the girl laughing. " To tell you the truth, Mona," inter posed my uncle, who had again come in, "I have thought of Caroline Berrow. It is impossible to keep such ideas away when one's wife is in your state of health," he added with deprecation. " She would make a most excellent step-mother." " Yes, I see you have been thinking of ber," returned Annt Mona, rising from her chair in a fever of hysterical anger. " You have got your plans well laid out, husband, and yet you have infected the children with thorn. Ob, that I should live to be insulted like this ! Maria, you are a witness to it. It is cruel, cruel ! Bnd I will live a hundred years if I can, just to spite you." With the tears streaming down her still pretty face, Aunt Mona, leaving her decoction of herbs to its fate, sailed away. I felt most uncomfortable. The young girls must have been jesting, but for the first time I thought my uncle heartless. Mrs. Berrow, standing now outside the open window, had partly heard what had " Mona only told me yesterday that she could not live a week," quoth she. " She kissed me last Sunday when I was going to church and said she should not live to see another," spake uncle. " Yes, and she has not yet bought us new dresses, or hats, or ribbons this sum mer," chimed in Kate. " She said it would be useless, we should so soon have to go into mourning for her. It is too bad for mamma to be so melancholy." " And now she is goiDg to live a hun dred years," sighed Mrs. Berrow, in any thing but a pleasurable tone. " But I must wish you all good morning. I have not ordered my dinner at home yet." " Uncle Butterfield," I said, feeling indignant, as the echo of her light foot steps sounded on the path and the two girls ran after her, " I—I have no right, I know, to speak so ; but do you not think you are heartless to Aunt Mona— unfeeling ?" "I am sorry for it, if I am," replied my uncle, " but I am only taking your aunt at her word. For years she has been telling me she was going to die, and that I had bettor be looking out for a se cond wife. I don't see that I could choose e nicer one than Mrs. Berrow." " Has she bewitched you, Uncle But terfield ¥' " I don't think so, my lass. All the world recognises her for a delightful woman. The children must have a mo ther, if their own is taken from them. What should I do without a wife in a house like this 1 As to planning-ont be fore band—you must thank your aunt for that." He set off down the garden with his long strides to overtake Mrs. Berrow. j Sending the girls back, he accompanied ; her home. I could have beaten them both. Up-stairs ran I, somehow not caring to face the girls, to Aunt Mona's room, ex pecting to find her drowned in hysterical tears, and sorely in need of consolation. Not a bit of it. She sat before a mirror, arranging her still abundant and beauti ful bair, which, during these years of ill ness, real or imaginary, she had worn plainly tucked under a cap. There was a fire in her eye, a flush upon her cheek, and a look of determination in her face, which augured anything but well for the prospects of the Widow Berrow. " I've heard every word you have been saying below," she exclaimed angrily, glancing at the open window. " I thank you for takiQg my part, Maria. You seem to be the only friend I have. The idea of that mean, low-lived, contemptible Widow Berrow being here in my place, and the mother of my children ! If I were dead and buried, and she came as Tom's wife, I'd rise from my grave and haunt her. But I'm not dead yet; no, and I j don't intend to be while that miserable jade walks the earth. I suppose she paints and powders to make herself look young and fair, for the's every day as old I am ; and when we were girls to gether, she was not half as handsome as I was. Mark you that, Maria." 'She does not paint or use powder, aunt; I am sure of that ; though she does look so fresh and young." ' She is eight-and-thirty this summer, 1 and she does not look eight-and twenty," ; snapped Aunt Mona. " And I, with my years of suffering, look eight-and forty." I " Tes, aunt, and your perpetual suffer ings have brought on the look of age. If 1 were you, I'd throw them off and grow young again. You might if you would. I remember how fresh and pretty you used te be, and how proud uncle Thomas was you." "I will be so again," cried aunt reso lutely, in an access of temper—" if it's only to disappoint that upstart woman. I'll throw off all my ailments though 1 die in the effort, and be as young as she is." " Aunt—Aunt Mona—I want to ask you not to be offended at some plain truths I am going to tell you. Your ill ness during all these years, has been more imaginary than real ; your natural nerv ousness has rendered you an easy prey to quack doctors and patent medicine vendors, who have had no regard to your health, but only to your husband'B money. You have given way to your fancies and gone about like an old woman, the greatest figure imaginable. Look at your gown this morning - look at the cap you have now put - off ! You might be well if you would." "Perhaps, after all, old Stafford may foe right when he tells me I have no organic disease," said she, sadly. " Yes, indeed he is ; and now I want yon to promise me never to take another drop of medicine unless prescribed by bim." " I never will." " And oh, Aunt Mona, try to be cheer ful, and to make home a happy place for your husband and children. Think how terrible it would be to lose their love." " It seems to me that I have lost their love," was the despairing reply. " No, I hope not; no indeed, Aunt Mona. They are just a little tired of your constant complainings—and I must say I don't wonder at it. Even the ser vants are tired. Think how long it is since you had a cheerful word upon your lips or a smile upon your face 1 If yon would only be the loving wife and mother again, tbiugs would come right." " All the same, Maria, you cannot deny that Caroline Berrow has turned out a deceitful crocodile. Think of her display of friendship for me, up to this morning ! Thing of her setting her ugly widow's cap at your uncle before I am dead !" "But you know, aunt, you have been as good as dead—in speech. Telling them, week in, week out, that you shall be in your coffin the next!" " Well, child," she said, rather faintly, " I have been ill, I have suffered." " Put your sufferings off, aunt; you can, I say, if you like; and circumvent— pardon the word—the widow and her cap-setting. Think how much you owe to God for all the many blessings he has showered down upon you—and how un grateful it is to return him nothing but repiuings." Aunt Mona, brushing out her still beautiful hair, paused. A flush stole over her face. " I never thought of it iu that light, Maria," she softly said. *51 will think of it; I will try." And she began forthwith. That very evening she dressed herself up and went to the peony reading concert, taking Kate and Louisa. Uncle Butterfield was there, sitting beside Mrs. Berrow. My mother, all unconscious of the treason, crossed the room to sit with them ; I went to Aunt Mona. We all went home together as far as our several ways led us and though uncle did see the widow home, aunt did not begin moaning again. How wonderfully from that time her appearance and manner changed, you would hardly believe. She grew young again ; she grew cheerful. Cheerful aud more cheerful every day. Her dress was studied, her servants, household, and children were actively cared for. She took to visiting again and going to church on Sundays ; she invited friends to little parties at home. The pills and herbs and physics and decoctions were thrown away, and the bottles sold by old Sarah. Uncle Thomas was charmingly sunny tempered in the house, as he always had been—but he did .not give up his visits to the Widow Berrow. " But he will in time, Maria," said aunt privately to me, a world of confident hope in her voice. " Only yesterday, he smoothed my hair down with his gentle hand and said I looked as young and pretty in his eyes as I did the day we were married." " Yes, aunt, you are winning him back, you see. I knew it would be so." " And oh, child, I am so much happier tbau I used to be, with all my pains, and my nerves, and my lowness of spirits gone !" It was a mouth or two after this, all things having been going on in the nicest possible way, that Mrs. Berrow, one cold morning, for December had come in, presented herself in Aunt Mona's parlour, a smile on her ever-pleasant face. I was there, helping aunt with the things in tended for the Christmas tree. She had not had a tree for years. Not been able to have one, she used to say. Uncle Thomas had told her laughingly this year not to spare the money over it. Mrs. Berrow, coming in, I say, with her bright face, went straight up to aunt, and kissed her. Aunt Mona did colour a little at that. " I am came to ask you to my house for the 6th of January," she said. " You, Mona, and your husband, and the two girls. Your mamma has already her invitation, Maria, and yours too," she added, nodding at me. " Is it a tea party ?" questioned Aunt Mona, stiffly. " No : a breakfast. And I hope you will attend me to church beforehand— and see me married." " Married 3" I cried, staring at her. "Yes, my dear. I have been engaged these many months past," she answered with equanimity. "It is to my cousin Stanton—a very distant cousin as you know. We should have been married before, but for that business which took bim to Spain, And when he got there, he found he was obliged to go on to Val paraiso. There he was detained again. Altogether it is nearly six months Bince he left England, but he is back now." " And—you have been engaged to him all that while !" gasped aunt in her sur prise. " All that while, and longer. Since last April. Your husband has known it from the first." " Oh, Caroline!" " And has been transacting all kinds of business for ns both, preparatory to the marriage." " Why did you not tell me 1" Caroline Berrow laughed. "Then—was that—that nonsense that you and Thomas talked together—about —about your succeeding me a joke 1" " Why, of course it was, you silly i thing. As if your husband could have cared for me, or I for him—in that way. ! He has never cared, he never will care, ! for anyone but his wife, Mona." I Aunt Mona burst into happy tears, j and put her face down upon her old I friend's neck to sob them away. I We all went to the wedding on the sixth, and uucle Butterfield, looking so bright and sunny, gave the bride away. But neither of them told Aunt Mona what J learnt—that the plot was con cocted between them to bring her to her senses. And it did it, as you have seen. And there never was a woman more free from " nerves" and imaginary pains and aches than Aunt Mona is now. "I thank God for it every day of my life, Maria," she whispers to me sometimes. And I think we ail do. 