V.R.C. Spring meeting. -I OAKS DAY. c 3MELotl'.E, Thursday. The weather was threatening in the morning and sonie light bit raither a ominous showers fell just when most people were on their way to the course. Considering the threatening aspect of the weather and that it was an off day, the attendance was very fair. His Ex cellency Sir H. B. Loch,, accompanied by Lord Drogheda and Lord Dalrymple, arrived in time for' the first race, and were received by the stewards, and Mr. I.L Bryon f ooro, the secretary. The following are the details of the racing : TIHE FLYING STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 soys. each, 1 ft, with 200 added. Seceoid horse to receive 40 and the third 20 sous. out of the stake. For 2 yrs,old and upwards. I Weight for agoe, Seven furloqgs. Lady Betty (Fielder, 3lb over) ... 1 Consequence (O'Connor, 41b over) 2 ] Cranbrook (Hales) ... . .. There was only, one other starter,. Maroon and Silver. Lady Betty won by a length and a half, Craubrook being beaten by a head by Consequence for second place, while Maroon and Silver was ten lengths away last. Time, lmin. 28)sec. THE OAKS STAKES.' `':-- i A sweepstakes of 25 soyas. each, 5 ft., with 375 abded. The second horse to receive 50 sors. and the third 25 soves. out of the stake. For 3 yrs old fillies, 8st 101b.. (52 subs). One mile and a half. Dainty (Goiry) ... ... ... 1 Lava (Hales)... ... ... ... 2 Enigma (Bowes) ... ... ... 3 The other 'starters were Liedertafel andSuiiiatra.~ Betting: 5 to 4 on Lava, 5 to 1 against Enigma, 15 to 1 against Leid-. ertafel, On the fall of the flag Enigma went to the front to cut the running for his stable companion, Lava, and is they passed the stand was a length in front of the favorite,' afterlwhom came Sumatra and Liedertafel, Dainty bringing up the rear., Along the river side Enigma increased her leadto four lengthis, but at the bridge was leading by only a length, with Dainty in third position, and Liedertafel in the rear. After passing the bridge Eniguma drew out again for a long lead from Lava, with whom Dainty was on level:.teru:s. 'As; :thoe sheds' were passed Enigma still held, command,. and led into the straight just in advanhce of Lava, Dainty cominung fast on the' outside. At the distance Dainty hind ,eaded Lava, and' froii this out a terrific struggle for first -place took place betweenthe -three horses, who came on together neck and neck.. Gorry first got his mount' home on the post by a nose from Lava, Enigma almost maLkin" a dead heatwiththe favorite for second place. Sumatra, two lengths away, was fourth. Timee-2 miin. 44? sec. SECONOD !RpLa RACE. A Handiesp Sweepstakes of 5 sors. each, 1 ft., with 200 added. Second horse to receive 40 and the thitl 20so~rs. out of the stake. About two-miles. Dragon Corrigan)' .., . , 1 Friction Ferguso - ... 2 Ocqlist (a .iner) A:<.? .. . The starters wereo : -Sir Launcelot; Friction, Goodwood, 3foolgai, Whalebone, Dragon, Sinking Fund and Oculist. Moolgai and Goodwood both fell, but neither of the jockeys was seriously in jured. Ferguson, on Friction, made a great effort, but had not a ghost of a show with the Ballarat horse, upon whom Corrigan never moved, and who won with lots in hand by a length. Oculist was third, five lengths behind Friction, Sir Launcelot, twelve lengths off, being fourth, Whalebone fifth, and Sinking Fund sixth. Titne-- iuin. jtlsccs. S'IrINt; l.tNDICA,'. A sweeplttakes of .5 .ovs. each, Ift. with 200 added. Second horse to receive In, and the third 20 se?s. out of the stake. Menutor (Fielder) ... ... 1 The Levite (Trahau) ... ... 2 lagnman (O'Connor) The following horses ran :-Spade Guinea, The Levite, Keith, Volcano. Gardenia, l'haon, Straight Shot, Divi dend, Chicago, Escutcheon, Rlagnua and Mentor. The iaco was won casily by a length. ''inme-2min. aisecs. I()tls onday evening a man whose name is unknown was found lying dlead in an t:unoccupied hut at Coburg with a bullet wound itn his head, and a revol ver lying beside him. The deceased is ahout 53 years of age. of mediitum buill, tand was dressed in dark tweed troutsers and vfst, s?a coat and elastic side boots. 