STOPPING THE EXPRESS TRAIN AT CHILTERN. So far, tiro people of Chiltcm and tiro district surrounding lrovo been unsuccess ful in obtaining from the Railway Com missioners tiro stoppage of tiro express train on tiro up journey at that town. Tiro reasons for the refusal, as given by Mr Speight, nro that the probablo additional traffic would not warrant tiro necessary delay, and that such frequent stoppages would destroy the character of such trains; also that granthig tiro request would form a precedent and an inducement to other plnfccs along the line to ask fob a similar concession. Now, as to the first reason, if tho Commissioners mean that the extra traffic thrown upon the North-Eastern line by tho stoppage would not pay for tiro few minutes lost, we answer that the same argument would apply to a stoppage anywhere along the line, and generally to the system of running express trains at all. These do not increase the amount of traffic, as people who talco advantage of such trains would travel whether they stopped at intervals or not. They may certainly induce a few of the more wealthy and luxurious classes to make tho journey between the capitals of tho adjoining colonies more frequently than they other wise would, but no ono gets tho benefit of these visits except tho inhabitants of Mel bourne, Sydney or Adelaide, whereas express trains were presumably established for the convenience of the people at large. Thoir whole raison d’etre is that, by run ning at least one train daily on each main spstem, in which the carrying of goods is dispensed with, passengers from any part of the colony might travel to and fro at a quicker rate than by ordinary trains. Where roadside stations have been notoriously placed to accommodate tho grain or other local traffic of tho surround ing district it is obviously unnecessary that express trains should pull up. But. when the Railway Commissioners presume that Chiltern comes within this catogory they are only following the ignorant and rather impudent load of tiro Argus, which, in a leading article tho other day, likened that town to a “ Sahara.” Now, we would warn tho Commissioners that this Argus is tho snmo paper which, when the North Eastern line wns under discussion, sent a special commissioner of its own up here, to investigate and report, and the result of that remarkable commissioner’s journey was summed up in a leading article, which pronounced that “ Tho whole of tho truffio of the North-Eastern district could be carried in a wheelbarrow.” Of courso Mr Speight and his colleagues know butter than that now, but it will sotvo to show them tho capabilities of the Argus in esti mating the resources of a town or district. Chiltern happened to bo important enough to bo a borough until it voluntarily throw in its lot with tho surrounding district; it contains over 2250 persons, and the express stopping there would accommodate probably as many more from the neighbor ing shires of Yackandundah, Rutherglon and North Ovens, a large porcontngo of which are engaged in commercial pursuits. As to tho loss of time, it will bo soon enough to consider that when these trains aro Running 50 or GO miles in the hour, instend of about half that pace, as at present. With reference to tho last argu ment, that “ stopping at Chiltern would destroy tiro character of tho express,” wo would say rather thut its not stopping will injure the character of the Commissioners tbrowelrcs, for koenpess and impartiality. A Gay and Festive Paiity.—It was a beautiful, calm, starlight night, and it was just, such anight as tempts the lovers of the rod to venture forth with evil intent on the tinny victims. The horse was quiet, the buggy was well loaded and all went well, or rather would have gone well laid the jelm been a little belter sighted. The trap was a short distance on the road, the melodious strains of the mouth organ lloaled on the balmy air, when—“Hogan’s ghost! what’s that.” The answer was not long in arriving, as the absence of one of the party, who left his sent hmricdly, made very evident the fact that the driver had not adhered strictly to the narrow way hut had strayed over a stump. Total damage, a few scratches. Say: If that party had resolved to stay at home and go to church the next day—? Rainfall.—Mr ,1. It. Whitehead, of the Hermitage. Barnnwnrtha, reports the rainfall at that place as follows :—Novem ber, 1887, 4'(i8 inches, as compared with <>•0-1 inches for the same period of 188(1 ; and 28v><! inches from the 1st January to the :10th November, 1887, as compared with 1(!-()1 inches for the same period of 188(1, Caui.yi.e Cemetery.—A meeting of the trustees of the Carlyle Cemetery was held in the Council Chambers on Wednes day evening, there being present Messrs Harris (chairman), Sullivan and Cham bers. The tender of Mr Wnhlrnn was accepted for the cutting of the grass, at 11(1. An account from Mr Lennox, for cutting the grnss on the tracks, was passed for payment, subject to his com pleting the work. The bank-book showed a credit balance of £27 Os 7d. Accident.—On Friday Inst, while Mr C. Bushell and his daughter were pro ceeding to Chiltern, one of the traces broke near Mr Schlue’s residence, and the horse took fright and threw both occu pants out of the buggy. Miss Bushell rceived an injury to her side, and got her face severely scratched, while Mr Bushell was slinken greatly. St. Patiiick’s Day Si-outs. — The programme of those sports will be found on onr fourth page. A Want Supplied.—Sinco the closing of the butchering business of Messrs Howell Bros, the residents of Eiithorglen have been put to considerable inconve nience in this respect, but Messrs Bricrley and Henderson announce in our adverti sing columns that they will come to the rescue on January 2nd, by opening a bnteheiing establishment in the premises of Air Isaac Olcorn, Main-street. Rutiierolen Horticultural Society. — A meeting of the committee of this society was held on Tuesday night in the Council Chambers. Tho President (Mr I). G. Hamilton) occupied the chair. The secretary stated that ho had received no reply from Mr Dow in reference to the subsidy for wine and grapes, and it was therefore decided that the secretary write to Messrs Hall and Graham, asking them to interview Mr Dow, The member’s list was reported to embrace over 50 names, and it was decided that 100 members’ and 200 ladies’ tickets be printed at once. Messrs R. Turner and J. Scott (Indigo) were elected vice- presidents, vice Messrs A. Caughey and G. S. Smith, resigned. Bohdeii Ohciiesta. The Border or chestra givo their Xmas, recital at the Cormya School of Arts on Monday next. The programme on this occasion equals any yet issued by this society, including such works ns Mozart’s 12 th Mnss. ■Strauss, Rndctsky, March. Overture— Poet mid Peasant, by Suppe, Suite de Vaises, Mill-stream, Lnsserro and other selections by best composers. It is likely that the School of Arts will bo crowded on Monday night, ns the many lovers of music know tho amount of enjoyment they have received at former recitals given by this orchestra. The orchestra, ns on previous occasions, will bo under the baton of Mr A. Paul. Tho vocnl portion oF the programme will bo supplied by Miss II. Smith and Mr Morrison, of Rutherglcn. Ciiiiistmas Trains.—Tho proposal to run passenger trnins on all linos upon Christmas Day, which this year falls on a Sunday, has been abandoned by the Railway Commissioners, remarks Tuesday’s “ Age- ” In altering their decision tho Commissioners have been largely influen ced by the opinions freely expressed, that the running of pnssenger trains to country districts on Christmas Day (Sunday) did not constitute a “ practice ” within the meaning of clause 81 of tho Victorian Railway Commissioners Act, ns well ns by the fact that no strongly expressed desire for the trains had emanated from the public. The Commissioners state that their principal object was to distribute tho traffic over two days, and assert that this object will bo obtained by tho Govern ment proclaiming both Monday and Tuesday following Christmas Day ns public holidays. Centennial Exhibition.—A meeting of tho cxecutivo commission of the Cen tennial International Exhibition was held on Monday, at which tho president, Mr Chief Justico Higinbotham, occupied the chair. Mr Byron Moore, chairman of the wine committee, mentioned that vignorons and others complained greatly of the statutory declaration at tho loot of the winegrowers' entry form, to which exhibi tors were compelled to subscribe. He feared that unless the' declaration was dispensed with many prominent wine growers would not exhibit at all. Tho declaration in question is with respeot to division 1, natural wines blended and not blended,” and requires tho oxhibitor to say that his wines nro made from grapes of his own growth, or such as ho purchased, and whose kind ho had ascer tained, and that no alcohol, ctlior, glucose, glycerine, sugar, coloring matter or other material for giving character has been added. Tho executive wore generally of opinion that the declaration was ono to secure tho character of honesty for Aus tralian wines, and should be adhered to. Mr Moore, however was asked to bring the matter before tho wino committee, and report again to the executive. It was decided that the commission should meet again on Friday (to-day). Wine Social.—At tho wino social of tho vinegrowers’ association on Saturday thore were only two samples oflight sweet vintngo 1880, submitted, from the vine yards of Messrs G. S. Smith and A. Caughoy. When tho covers were removed it was found that Mr Smith had secured six rotes and Mr Caughey (who voted *gimt bis oity me) three, . 7 