AOTA PQEXJLIo By. the Flaneur. 'It ia an honourable kind of thievery.' — -Gkhtlemdn op Verona. The prompt- Sergeant's bell has tinkled, the cur tain has dropped, and. the first act of the Parlia mentary Session farce is over. The gawky gestures of the actors no longer offend our eyes, and their woeful utterances no longer shock our ears, for the blissful intermission moment'to slip out and c' see a man ' has arrived. And, as we grate a little more nutmeg on the 'man's' head, and stir him round! with a stick, we wonder to ourselves if the sport was worth coming to see after all. The tremendous hustings promises made by the Parkes party vanished into thin air soon after they were uttered, and the sole object of the cute old Premier has been to take care by means of bribes, threats, and more promises that a good working majority of pig- voters was secured for the Ministerial army. Amongst the few impor tant items passed during the late Session is the ' matrimony made easy,' or the Divorce Bill, but I have a shrewd suspicion that this is a little matter which will take some time to settle. All through her reign Queen Victoria has given the most emphatic proofs of the enemity which she bears .to any measure calculated to weaken the matrimonial tie. Her own wedded life was a happy one, as Albert was seldom out later than ten p.m., and I do not think his Missus ever found a single long strand of golden hair on his coat collar, or a scented pink-paper billet-doux in his pocket, during the whole time they ran in double harness together. Naturally enough, therefore, Victoria, having made such a pre eminently happy match, very justly considers that all others should do the same, and whenever any marital unpleasantness breaks out amongst her court frequenters, she properly lays all the blame on the parties themselves, not on the marriage ceremony, and lets them plainly under stand that they must either get into the collar and pull together once more, or else accept their walking tickets from her circle for ever. It will be interesting indeed to know what our Sovereign Lady will say when she learns from her well beloved Carrington that her loyal subjects and profound admirers down here request that she will be pleased to allow them to treat the sacred [contract just the same as if it were of no more consequence than an ordinary agreement under the Master and Servant Act. Her Gracious -will sit up and howl a trifle over the matter, I fancy, more especially when she also learns that the only sections of our community whose opinion on the marriage question is in keeping with her own are the Catholics and the Hebrews. There's fun ahead, that's certain. The passing of the Centennial shivoo pro gramme is another item which stands prominently out in the records of the past Session, and so also is the prompt and emphatic manner in which the ghosts of the Legislative Council kicked the Pay ment of Members' Bill out through the window. The latter was a sad take- down for some of our patriots below stairs, and the general opinion of these gentry is that the colony will never prosper until Ninny Melville has professionally operated on at least thirty of the dodderils of the Upper Chamber. It was a cruel blow indeed, and has done the colony no end of harm, for had it passed, the next Melbourne Cup meet would be well patronized by the j unior portion of the collective wisdom, of this colony, and their presence would have been a sweeping advertisement for us all. But ' there's many a slip, etc.,' and some of our aspiring Gladstones would do well to return to their shingle-splitting and bark-peeling, which are not only more honourable, but also more profitable occupations than that of sacrificing one self on the altar of his country for nothing a week and find his own rations. Perhaps it was just as well that the Session curtain was rung down as promptly as it was, for had it remained up a little longer it is probable that some most unpleasant disclosures would have been made. A sort of land-jobbing mania, seems to have seized certain members of the Ministry of late, and the style in which certain peculiar little transactious were worked off was enough to knock the wind out of a blacksmith's bellows. First of all came the Lake Macquarie trouble, in which the simple-hearted Minister for Lands consented to hand over to a syndicate, called the Excelsior Land Company, of Sydney, 48,720 feet of frontage — the choicest run of the whole lake — with a depth of 100 feet, for the beggarly sum of .£983 10s — or less than five pence per lineal foot fron tage with 100 feet depth. One can scarcely conceive that it was the same ' Old Tom' of Mil burn Creek renown that did this deed, for there is perhaps no man in the colony who understands the true value of our Crown lands as well as the present Minister. It would be interesting now to know the names of the downy birds who constitute thin favourod Excelsior ' ring.' Were the list pub-., lished it is just possible we might find a Minister's name among the happy band, but if we didn't we could wager all we held we would drop across the names o£ several Ministerial - ' friends' a^d sup porters. Of course, poor Sir 'Enry was grievously pained when the Lake Macquarie cat was let out of the bag, but whether his trouble was caused by the grossness of the job or the stupid way in which his trusty followers allowed themselves to be bowled out is a matter only known to himself and that wonderful old gutta-percha wreck, his conscience. Save me from my friends ! is a cry which should often stream from Ministerial lips, for beyond all doubt these ' friends' arrange for those in office many an hour of heartfelt suffering and hard swearing. Is there a new railway line in con templation ? Then does the keen-nosed ' friend' scent the plunder from afar, and in the quickest manner possible he secures as much of the land along the route as he can, and then sits down to figure out his little bill for composition. Is it whispered in the sacred, secrecy of a Cabinet meet ing that it may be advisable for the Government to resume a foreshore of our lovely harbour ? A little bird at once carries the news to the irrepres sible friend outside, and he starts off and secures the land in question for an old song, and then, when the time comes for the Government to pro pose a deal, this ' friend' sorrowfully declares that if it rested with him he would make the State a present of the land, but unfortunately, a ' friend' of his — a most hard- hearted man — holds the largest share, and he couldn't let it go under ,£100,000. Thus it is that the f oostering friend becomes a sort of two-legged fly in the Ministerial jam-pot, and bringeth no end of con fusion on his patron, but as a set off to this there are times when the fly turneth aside quite a deal of wrath that should have been spilt on the Ministerial head. This I think satisfactorily explains the little muddle Honest John M'Elhone recently dropped into touching the resumption of a chunk of land near the A. S. N. Co.'s Wharf. Some consider able time ago this land was offered to the A. S. N. Co. for £7,500, but the Co. at once most emphatically declared it ' wasn't on,' as the land wasn't worth the same number of pence. Three years ago the land was offered to Dalton Bros. for .£7,000, but that wide-awake firm simply closed one eye, and asked the sellers if they saw any very great amount of verdure in the other. Strange to say, however, this same useless piece of land was recently bought for ,£20,000, and no doubt the seller turned his head aside and brushed away a tear as he pocketed the cash, and thought of the awful state of lunacy into which the buyer must have fallen. Later on it was whispered abroad that the Government were about to resume the land at a cost of ,£35,000, and a few days after this Honest John M'Elhone denounced the job, and charged it to the account of the Minister for Justice. That's precisely where John made the mistake. The Minister was as innocent as the twins unborn. It was the 'friend,' assisted by another ' friend, ' and his friend's 'friend,' that caused all the rum pus. One Mr. Cliff, the Minister's partner, had conceived the whole little scheme, and he took in a Daily Telegkaph manager, a Mr. Carey, and anothrr, and they manipulated the whole busi ness so cunningly that not a soul— not even the fiat jv.stilia soul of Mr. Minister Clarke— would have known a word about it until the pool had been secured and shared, were it not for some fiend in human form who laid the Upper Hunter warrior on the trail. A more palpable case of jobbery could not well bo imagined, and yet it happened during the first innings of the good and pure Government. During the past week I have been enjoying quite a jolly little jubilee arranged all in honour of myself, and if the affair was not a thorough suc cess in every respect the fault certainly cannot be charged to the programme. First of all, I caught a splendid attack of rheumatism in my right arm, which deprived me of all use of that member from the shoulder to the wrist. It was a most conscientious sample of the article, too : for it never lot up a second on its work by day, and even in my feverish sleep at night it used to arrange cheerful little ' acting charades' for my amuse ment, a favourite one representing me hanging over South Head with my right arm, while all the Sydney ' unemployed' banged away on it with sledge hammers, and blessed the now field of labour. Just as this wild revelry was beginning to pall, I developed a beautiful abscess in my right breast, about as big as a 21b. loaf, and capable of throwing oft' more howling pain in 5 minutes than I could find use for in 5 years. As I have it still, I think my claims to be culled a humorous writer would be admitted even by the Hkrald. The last item on my jubilee programme was the arrival of an addition to my modest family, which, to put it mildly, was not wholly unexpected ; and now I think anyone who would ask for more joy in one short week than that must be a veritable glutton. The reason I allude to the above is simply be cause one of the items (and it is not the last one either) is a matter which may in turn concern three-parts of all our. readers. My right arm being useless, it ? was only with the greatest diffi culty that I could get through my daily writing Had the paius caught my right hand I would have had to knock off work until such time as I had learned to write with my left. This loads up to the query : Why is it that the majority of us treat the left hand as if it were intended for ornament, not for use ? Why not teach children to be ' both-handed ?' They nnturally use both hands with equal ease, why should they not bo trained to use both with equal dexterity ? Con= stant use of the right hand makes the right side of the body larger and stronger than the left, which is in. itself a very great reason why we should chock the custom at once. It would take me six weeks, at least, to learn to write with my left, and all that time and money would be lost, whereas, had I learned to write ' both-handed ' I could simply shake hands with old rheumatism when he arrived with my right, as I leathered away at an article on tho Domestic Policy of the Peruvians with my left. Every man who earns his bread by the sweat of his right hand should sit down and think seriously over this. The sorrows of the poor journalist have at last reached such a pitch that even the stern heart of Justice has been touched by them, and she has had to pull down her fillet to conceal her tears. During tho hearing of a recent case Judge Dowl ing most truly said — 'The life of a journalist under the most favourable auspices is not a pleasant one. In the cause of the public he frequently makes personal sacrifices by creating the inveterate hatred of persons who have had to bo criticised in connection with public grievances or exposures ; lie is ever o]3en to be molested for libel ; and when it is considered that the sub scriptions amount to only shillings quarterly, and wages have to be paid in pounds woekly, somo worthy effort should bo made by persons who are afc least over a year in arrears to sooth the poor press man's aching brow by paying up.' Oh learned judge ! Oh noble judge ! how we do honour thee ! Can it be that you have been ' there ' yourself in by-gone days, and dropped silent tears as big as sixpences, as your eyes moved sadly down tho dead six shillings in the ledger of the Muccamucca M angler, or the Driveltown Disaster? No matter; you have touched the usual sympathetic chord, and night and morn the poor pressman's prayers will be for his two great champions — Bishop LanigaE and Judge Dowling. Sir Patrick Jennings was right. Australians— at least all who are worthy of the name — are in favour of Home Rule for Ireland. The splendid meeting in the Domain a few days ago was ample proof of this, although the Herald tries to wriggle away from the fact by declaring that 'such gatherings cannot be taken as expressions of public opinion, as those who are favourable to the movement attend, and those who are un favourable do not attend.' Granny's idea of a thoroughly public meeting is one at which a select few favourable to the movement are ad mitted through », back slum by ticket, and all the Civil and Military force available is on hand to coerce those who are unfavourable to it into a satisfactory state of silence. The Crimes Bill is not an Irish matter solely, for although it is a cruel insult to the oppressed Irish people in par ticular, it is no less a shameful attack on the con stitutional liberties of every other British subject. A few days ago our American cousins held their great gala day, and anyone who had chosen could have read in the Declaration of Independence two counts in the indictment against King George which read — ' For depriving us in many in* stances of the benefit of trial by jury.' ' For transporting us beyond seas to be tried for pre* tended offences.' Now, it was these and similar acts of tyranny which started the seven years' war and ended in the ' blarstid Britishers ' being belted back into the sea. The present Coercion Bill proposes precisely the self-same acts of tyranny and injustice against Ireland. Bar oil Dowse, on the Bench of Dublin, said that the Irish definition of a fair trial is a trial in which, the Irishman wins. Very likely. And, of course, the English definition of a fair trial is one in which the Irishman loses. That's the reason why Englishmen and Irishmen should try themselves, and not one another. The Canadian Parliament has entered a most emphatic protest against tho pussage of the Crimes Bill, and if our Parliament followed suit it might by so doing atone for the disgrace and humiliation which now clothes it as with a garment. Society op St. Vincent db Paul. — The Feast of St. Vincent de Paul will be held this year at the Cathedral, when all the members in Sydney, suburbs, and Parra rnatta will assemble aud attend Mass at 8.30. a.m., and receive Holy Communion, after wards proceed to St. Mary's Hall for breakfast, aud immediately thereafter attend the general meeting, when reports of the operations of the society will be read. His Eminence the Cardinal with his usual kindness to the society will be pre sent. We understand that there will be 200 mem bers present on the occasion. 'We heartily wish the proceedings all success, for the members of this noble charitable association have worked with a most praiseworthy will and zeal iu the great cause of charity, and although comparatively a young society, having been established in July, 1SS1, it now possesses 15 conferences or branches, and a juvenile conference of youths from 12 to 17 years of age. The society within the last six years has expended on the poor without distinction of creed or country, the handsome sum of over MOQQ, 