. SNDMEI" UTEWS. fFrom our Correspondent. ) Txie Govornmont have been in o'ffico ouly four months, and yet their press organ has accused thom of sovoral acts of jobbery: According to that voracious newspaper, - the late Govornmont were corrupt from tho crownB of their heads to the soles of their, foot. There was no soundness iii 'them. Parkes was." called for "because, whatever/might bo allogod against that gehtloman in his ordinary' business ca pacity, none could say that he ever abusod n.d trust when in office. And " whon' Parkes responded to the call, visions of politic purity rose up before the guze. There waa to bo an ideal administration, -- and particularly in the matter of appoint ments. If it should be deemed necessary to make how appointments, thoy would be filled by gentlemon who might bo dis placed through the operation of tho law of retrenchment. Alas for those bright ex pectations 1 Sir . Henry Parkes and his colleagues are deolarod to bo no hotter than the politicians they superseded, and thoir political garmontB ore said to bo in delibly 'stained. No one doubts that the appointment of Mr. A. G. Taylor was a j'ob. And tho appointment of Mr. Win. WilkinB as secretary of tho commission for the Melbourne Exhibition was almost as shady a transaction. There was ho ne cessity for tho appointment bo lav as the State is -conoerned, for wo have a per- petual Exhibition Secretary, Mr. Cum- ming, -who receives £600 a year, and who could easily have dpne .the, duties Mr. Wilkins was engaged to perform. Everybody, said the Treasurer in his budget speech, that gives even incidental protofction will be got rid of. This ma niacal utterance was loudly: applauded >by the free -trade association, and by a seotion of tho press. The Government were to give an exemplification of froe- trade suoh as had never beon seem before in the country. iThey, would invariably buy in the cheapest and sell in the dearest market. No assistance would bo given by . them tomativo industries. . If .these could not compete against foreign in dustries they must simply pnss out of ex- iatonco. . But this pronounced free -trade Ministry are arranging to havo a. number of locomotives manufactured', in tho colony, although thoy know that the cost will bo greatly in oxcess of the rates for whioh the engines could bo obtained in England. Whether similar concessions will he given to othor manufacturers bo- aidos iron workers remains to bo seen. Giving the contracts in the colony will koop secure the Rodfern land Bnlmnin constituencies, and that is probably the object of tbis one- sided - protectionist scheme. The Herald thinks it ie quite right to givo the iron workers protootion to the extent of 25 per cent. ; but- it will not allow a similar boon to be conceded to cabiuot makers, oaddlefs, and boot manu facturers. The leading journal does not bolieve that in regard to politicial economy wnao is sauce i or tno. goose is squcq ior the gqnder. The policy that is being .pursued concerning those locomotives bIiows clearly enough that whatever Mr. Burns' opinions may. ho, the majority of tho Ministors are .protectionists at heari, and recognise: that protection is nocossary for - establishing the industries of tho country on a firm basis. Mr. Arohibald Forsyth wns banquotted at the Town Hall on Monday evoning. There wna a largo assemblage, . and all ohndos of political opinion we're repre sented. Tho Mayor presided,- and right worthily did he perform tho duties of the position. Some of the speakers bore testi mony to tho worth of the ghost ns a: citi zen, whilst othera eulogised the qunlity ef tho rope he manufactured. It is greatly to; tho credit of Mr. Forsyth that he never, turned out any shoddy, In proposing the toast_ of tho manufacturing and the com mercial interests, Mr. L. Hoydon made a capital speech, hut hardly a word of it was.reported ; more is thp pity. Tho train privileges whioh have boon enjoyed by children attending tho publio schools are to bo extended to thoso attend ing deuominatiopal sohools. So the Assembly decided on Friday ovoniug. Tho concession was inevitable. Only A fow. months ngo the Premier opposed it. He was of tho opinion that it was oontrary to the Act, and was moreover State -aid to denominational education ; but seeing on Friday that there was a largo majority in tho Houso in favour of the concession, he throw overboard his previously ex pressed opinions and wont with, tho crowd. That is just like Sir Henry Pnrkos. It will be romemboreil that ho advocated the prinoiplo of denominational, education until ho saw that the country had grown tired of it, when ho immediately ohanged his views. He became as araont a sup porter of seculnrism asho had boenof tno rival system, and, strange to say, . ever since ho has been regarded by a large Bection of tho public as the founder of se cular education in New South' 'Wales. Sir Henry is a thorough oppositionist, and there » not the slightest' doubt that if tho tido of publio feeling were to sot in very strongly in favour of protootion, ho would unhesitatingly become an apostlo of that doctrine. I havo : hold , the opinion for a long timo that in his heart of hearts the Pramior is a protectionist. I havo beon forced to that conclusion by his spdochos on froe-trado, which are notably wanting in ability, . and whioh contain Btrong proofs of insiucority. " Tho Divorce Bill has beon safely piloted past all tho dangorous spots, and in a few days -it will havo- become law. Tho second-reading was carried in . tho. Legis lative Council last '.week by a fair ma jority. Two of the recently appointod momborsspokoon the subjeot. These are Dr. Garran and Mr. Ebenozor Yiokoty. Tho spooohds wore tlio antithesis of each othor. Mr;' Yiokory'swas an. extraordi nary jnmhlo, tho prinoipal portion of it /if Sorinfnro +jvr+tt nritti ' nnnrifn.. tions by Mr. Viokory and others. Tho re markable tbing in tho long discussions on this measure that havo takon plqoq in Parliament and in tho prosshas boeri tho divorsity of view amongst'thoologmns and christian laymon regarding tho grounds of divorce.. It afforded a striking illus tration of tho utter worthlossnoBB of tho celebrated Hoformation . dootrino of the rights of private judgmont in interpreting tho Scriptures. Tho theologians novor havo seen, or if . thoy havo, thoy havo never admittod the .fact, thnt tho practi cal offoot of the oxoroiso of the right is to destroy the infallibility and supornaturnl- 1 boss of tlio Biblo. What is tho uso of a book being divinely inspired and divinely nuthoritativo if it is allowable for irion to interpret it as thoy may 'think fit ! Ac cording to tho Protostant theory, no ono . can lawfully condemn mo if I interpret tho first chapter of Goncsis as I would the newspaper account of tlio early history of a manufacturing industry. Nor must I condoinn tho person who doolnros'tbat tho story of the temptation iu Edon -is an al legory, and that tho days of oroation wore geological poriodB. Ono of tho greatest aoluevouienls qf Protestantism has boon the breaking down of thq authority of the | Bible. Notwithstanding all that can he - said to tho contrary, tho fact is as stated, frjH but whethor tho nchiovomont is one to glory, in is a question on whioh there is natnrally a variety of opinions. At the inspection of cabs hold the other day the Transit Commissioners took away the license of several of tho drivors be cause of insolence to tho public. If overy Cabman", who, commits this offonco_ woro similarly dealt 'with; at least seven-oighths of the army would have to bo renewed. A ' moro grncoless, importinent. ungrateful, nndgenerallycnntoinptibloclnss thantho Sydnoy cabmen probably does not exist. And tiieir laziness is' phenomenal. There ' are many peoplo who, .moved by. compas sion for the cabmen, give them snmetimod 60 or oyeu'100 per cent, in excess , of thoir: logal fare.' But tho innnnor in whioh tho gratuity is recoived effcotually_ congeals the sontimontal feoling. Thoro is novor a word of thanks, ..but ofton a forcible ex pression of dissatisfaction. Benevolent ladies havo sometimes started movements to provide shelter for cabmen ;"wheroin thoy may smoke their pipcB and drink tea and othor stronger fluids, and bo pro tected from the cold or hoat. Those pro jects huvo failod iii overy case, and their, failure proves that tlio publio have not yot ' sounded the lowest depths of folly. The number of omptv houses in Sydnoy and the snburbs is almost phonomenal. Last yoar several hundred were built on spooulation1; hoarly all are tenantloss; and : they are likely: to bo for some time longer; One reason isbecauso tho rents ore too high. > And this is triie of rents generally. . , In most parts of the metropolis they are ; exorbitant ; hht thoy win nave to como down, for people are not in a position to pay them, nor is it likely thoy will be for, a considoinblo period. Insolvencies and assignments are occurring ovory day, and there naturallv produce, a vory de pressing' effect. "What 'we want now is the discovery of a laige and productive-'--"' goldfield ; that irinild'ssnd « flood of cora- moroial yitslity through the whole com munity hat suoh it discovery nood hardly be looked for in New South Wales, The precious metals are not in sufficient quantity, it would apponr, to mako it really worth our whflo to extraot thona from tho soil. ri 