the TBima folks. A GHOSTLY ADVENTUKE. ("ots' own paper.") Part II. Lawyer Cobb would have greatly preferred the parish lookup, but wished to conciliate the eqiiire, and the matter was settled till the next magistrates7 meeting. Tom was a 1 10 we a to return aome so De naif gtapsfied by Mother Cobb's reproaehes. The evidence was too overwhelming for her also, though she would not hear him abused For two day a Tom never stirred from his bed in the attio, or from a seat in the chimney corner, and Lawyer Cobb was satis fied. On the third morning Mother Blake found that he had flown and that his bed had not been slept in. The country round was vainly searched, but no traoes of Tom were found! My father was amazed, and the village greatly exoited, a favonrite theory being that he had drowned himself. Mother Blake wondered, exclaimed, and wept loader than anyone ; but the old lawyer was struck by a certain unreality in the old woman's manner, and began to suspect she was acting a part. No village boy but Tom would have taken getnge in that tower, nor aould Tom have done go but for his longing to see me. He could sot face the trial and conviction whloh he never doubted would follow, though he felt he was adding ingratitude to my father to his other offences, neither could he bear to leave the place without seeing me. Poor Tom felt sure in hie ignorance that I should not only believe him, bat somehow clear him from suepioion. He knew I Bhoaid find my way to Mother Blake's very soon for my magneeian lights, and so learn the truth, bet had cot heard of my return. I had laughed Tom out of many of his superstitious fears, but he showed a full share of pluck iu venturing thither, and without Beeing anyone but his mother, who brought him food when she felt safe from observation. She could not give him up to trial and disgrace, though Bhe thought his attempt to escape hopeless enough. ' I thought I'd do ghost on my own account, and then no one would venture within a mile, instead ef half a mile,' said Tom, at last. I was too much afraid the first night, but the second night I was glad of a light even for company's sake. Yen remember them coloured lights you had sent to our shop, with directions for use on 'em. Well, I've got 'em here with a saucer, and when I pours fcbe powder out— but you knows all about, it sir.' I think you have done a foolish thing. Tom,' I replied, as I paced the little room, thoroughly aroused by Tom's etory. The Gran ley people don't want lights to keep them off, and if year old master, who has mere wits than all the villagers put together, hears of it, he'll think there's mischief up. He's not tho man to be frightened by gbosfc- Etories, and — oh, bother !' — I broke off with a groan, ' his children must know from the girls that I sent those coloured lights home for the tree.' ' Well, l&t; him take me, now you believes in me, Master Frank,' cried poor Tom, heroically, while I began to revolve plans for his escape. Bscape he must for the present, since I saw no means of proving bis innoeenee, but I resolved to sift the matter Well. Presently I stepped out upon the roof of the tower, a roof whose slanting sides were poorly protected by a very low stone parapet, whieh made the plaoe dangerous to any but the clearest heads. As I looked about me I noticed a moving light appear in the lane below the tower,, and hastily retreated, for I felt an instant conviction that my fears were well fonnded. Lawyer Cobb had scented mischief, and was no doubt heading all the bolder spirits he could muster. There was a coolness about the man which had its influence anon weaker minds. Tom tcrned still paler when he heard my news, but looked bravely at the narrow outlet and made his mind up. Before you came, Master Frank,' he whispered, 4 I only thought of selling my freedom dearly. Every man's hand seemed against me, and I felt desperate like. That was why I fought with you, for how oould I know it was you ? £ knew you might come at midnight for fun, but not at this hour. I feel different now you stand by me, and I'll just quietly give myself up.' ' You'll do no such thing, Tom,' I cried. ' Here, come out on the roof of the tower. Yes, I know you turn giddy, but never mind, you must do as I tell you. Now lie flat along the lead gutter here. You can't fall, man, that way. Now, not a word, on your life, and don't stir. Leave me to manage the enemy, and hitch your arm round the etone work, if that's any oomfort to you.' I listened at the head of the stairs, and soon heard the sound of coming footsteps — laboared, uneasy footsteps, slipping and tumbling upon unfamiliar ground. I longed to flood the entry to my strong hold with a brilliant red or green light, to dazzle their astonished eyes and eclipse their feeble lantern, bet I did not want to break even Lawyer Cobb's neck, and there might be half a dozen innocent people stumbling op behind bim. I took a pocket knife and whittled away at a stake which I eaw in a corner, humming a tune softly as I did so. I had to keep one eye upon the outer opening, which had no door to it, that I might warn off Tom in case he appeared. ' 1 hear him, the young scoundrel 1 cried a hoarse voice from the stairoase, in what was intended for a whisper. He be a- trying to keep his courage up,' said another voice, with a decided quaver in it. t At that moment such an excellent imita lion of an owi'a shriek rose from the top of the tower that I was taken in for the moment, till I heard a low chuckle above me and soms screeching and tumbling below Lvidently Tom was becoming, quite himself ag∈ at this janctnre. 'T∈'t a howl, it's him,' cried another voice, followed by the lawyer's sarcastic reply. ' ' j _ 4 Of course, who. supposes it's an owlt ®®ust keep together, friends.' When they did emerge, and found me quietly cutting my stake in tke clear moonlight, the astonishment was great. Even Mr. Cobb looked discomposed, but brightened hp as he remembered my affection for Tom, and I had no difficulty In looking surprised as I eaw the scared faces of his allies. There was our old vicar, Mr. Plu&kefct;, looking more unhappy than alarmed. No doubt Oobb had dragged the poor old gentleman from his study fire, that he might reb«ke parish Boperetition. There was Mr. Blaines, the iinendraper, grocer, etc., of the parish, dreadfully frightened, but ashamed to show it. Mr. Blaines cast severe glances upon Mr. Moggs. tho butcher, who was also alarmed, and not at all ashamed of showing it. Poor M&rston;, Cobb's manservant, had slipped on the stairs, and was ruefully rubbing his knees ; and the parish olerk was grasping his prayer-book, as though pre pared to exorcise the ghost, whom he was not so childish as to confound with Tom Blake. Our olerk was a firm believer in the Oranley ghost, and had greatly resented this invasion of his private domain, He inwardly protested against the Cavalier's lowering himself to this coloured light scare, as he resented his vicar's easy-going ways, but in both oases would not hint of anything but perfection to the vulgar. Bringing up the rear came Cobb's stable- boy, J ack Green, who had also coma upon peril of losing his pl&ee.; I never liked that young fellow, and a certain suspicion darted into my mind as I looked at him. 'I am surprised to find you here, Mr, Redman,' began Mr. Oobb, but no doubt you can give us news of Tom Blake?' Of Tom Blake V I repeated, 4 Why, I only came home yesterday, and yon see him every day. Surely you have not come here after him ?' What ! you know nothing mf the theft he has committed V cried Lawyer Cobb, I stared at the whole party, as thongh utterly taken aback, then replied, de« liberately, I only came home yesterday, and you see him every day. My family have not mentioned Tom's name to me. I can understand their reluctance to spoil my Christmas Eve with such news as you tell me. Tom Blake a thief ! I have known him all my life, and I am sure there must be some mistake,' Your life has been a short one, young sir, or you would not be so easily sur prised,' said Cobb, tartly, and— oh, relief !— his ill- temper showed him to be credulous. If only this happy etafce of things might continue ! I can't go into the matter here 1 cried Cobb j but perhaps you will kindly explain to me why coloured lights have been seen from the tower. Perhaps it's the fashion nowadays for educated gentlemen to frighten a set of ignorant villagers out of their wits ?' In his indignation Oobb forgot his Cranley audience, who, though the cream of the village society, were not inclined to hear their fellows abused. Everyone was indig nant exeept the dear old vicar, who seemed rather to enjoy the novelty of the scene now he was fairly in for it. Oh, you mean the magnesian lights, Mr. Cobb? Let me show you what a beautiful effect they have,' I replied, hastily lighting a red powder in its saucer, and casting the halo, of a transformation scene over the company. Mr. Plnnkett, who was quite at his ease, had stolen to the outer opening and stood upon the loweBt step. He was a little man, and I could see over his shoulder the sides of what appeared to be an enormous pair of red boots jast projecting beyond the side of the sloped roof. I was horrified, bat as the light faded back sauntered that dear old gentleman, with such a delightful absence of expression on his face as earned him my life-long grati tude. He had never been persuaded of Tom's guilt. I'm snre you never eaw such an effect of light, gentlemen,' I continued. These colotzred lights were eenfc by me to my brother Edward, ' to be kept by him for the Chzistmas-treQ entertainment, which, as you know, was put a stop to. My aunt, Miss Redman, seems to have con founded them with fireworks, and would not keep them in the house, 1 believe she ordered them to be sent to Motber Blake's, but a party of boys can hardly resist a new experiment, and— well, here they are, and now you see their proper owner is here to look after them. I found them to-night, but I shall take them home with me.' Yes, now the mischief's done, and we've nigh broke our necks !' murmured poor Marston. ' Then you have no clue to the where abouts of this unhappy boy ?' said Mr. Blaines. Hie conscience must torment him in any situation, ' said the clerk, severely. c 'Tis to be hoped it do 1' cried poor Marston, ruefully, as he gave his injured kneee a final rnb. "He must indeed be most miserable,' I murmured, sympathetically, as I pic tured Tom squeezed in the eold leaden gutter, with one arm ronnd the stone work. A candid answer was a relief, though my replies might be honest to tbC letter. Then you do not know where this un happy youth has hidden himself?' cried Lawyer Gobb. I have already toldyoa,' I replied, 'that the boy's name was not mentioned to me from the time I cams home. Look where yon like,' here I glanced at Mr. Plunkett, ' bat there is no place to look in but the roof of the tower. The parapet is very low, bat you can all walk round it. I make no objection.' The vicar kindly took the lead, and may have walked a yard from the ppening ; Lawyer Cobb just '(stepped out, gave one comprehensive glance around, and retreated. The fugitive had happily drawn ip his feet agai b, Marston, Green, and Mr. Blames pooped cot in turn, clinging tightly to tbc dan-ty On;y the old oiwck reznsined to keep a snarp eye on my movements, while £ carelessly collected the magnesian light tins \ and put them in my pocket. > Have you been all round the parapet ?' I inquired as they returned. | No need, Mr. Frank, no need,' said the i lawyer, with dignity. ( We must apologise i for intruding, especially as only the younger j and mora thoughtless members of your ; esteemed father's family have alarmed our j simple cottagers. We will now wish you a good evening.' Poor Ted and Harry ! But my conscience did not reproach me, as they would greatly enjoy the idea of shielding Tom and pro voking Lawyer Gobb. The lawyer stumbled downstairs in a manner which ill- accorded with the dignity of his speech, and the rest of the company stumbled after him. After watch ing their start from the tower, I rescued poor Tom from his cramped and chilly position in the leaden gutter, and half- dragged him into the room and down the tower stairs, having formed a plan fpr his present safety. Tom had often ridden my bicycle, and, having forced him into my greatcoat, and made him wear the soft slouch hat I had worn, I saw him on his way to Bramstoae, a little town abont five miles off. I had a pencil in my packet, and scrawled a few lines to an old friend at Brainstone who wonld, I was sure, conceal Tom for the present. In this gnise and on the bicycle he had at least a fair chance of reaching the town safely on this moonlight night. Ae for me, I rnshed home, to find that the rest of the family had been romping with Waiter to take his thoughts cfi my absence, and succeeded so well that the little fellow had quietly dropped off to sleep on the rsg before the fire. Aunt Fanny was actually becoming anxious about me, hut, as I brought book my ivy and related no adventures, there was no special curiosity shown. They bad had their secret, and it might be as well to keep mine. Christmas Bay was wet, and the bioycle was not missed until later, when it was discovered that I had lent it to Charley Gross at Bramstone. As for Lawyer Cobb, he was not likely to approach a sore subject. I got work for Tom through a school friend in a distant country, and trusted that his innocence might be proved. Not many months later my wishes were realised, for Jack Green was too dis honest to keep out of temptation, and too great a blunderer to escape detection. When convicted for stealing a larger sum than the first note, he thought, I suppose, that he might as well confess tha earlier theft for which Tom had suffered. When Mr. Cobb had discovered the loss of his first not8 he had taxed Jack, who had been hanging shout, with the theft. Though he disliked Tcm, be did not then suspect his honesty. Jack so brazened the matter out that ha took Cobb in ; but, unluokily for Tom, Jack was in a dead fright, and did not realise that he had hoodwinked bis master. He was told that the premises, the stables, and possibly his own pockets, wonld be searched before he was allowed to go home, and the note was in the stable 1 Crazy with fright, he put it into Tom's ooat pocket, sup posing, with the 'cuteness Mr. Cobb had applauded, that no one wonld examine such an open place of concealment. Needless to say that the note was to have been removed as soon as convenient. The farmB having at last looked up, we can afford to have Tom as oar own gardener, appreciated and honoured throughout the village. There is, indeed, that terrible offence of breaking bail, which to this day makes Tom hang his head before my father, and which the squire ought not to have forgiven. Happily, both for Tom and my father's kind heart, Oranley is nnder a despotism, and could never takes itB squire to account, - while the surrounding country did not disquiet itself on the subject. As for Lawyer Gobb, he is too well known to the squire to dare to recall what that gentleman prefers to forget. Alice, who lacks over my shoulder as I write this, telle me that I have not done justice to Tom's gratitude on that eventful night, and his misery after hie murderoos attack upon me, so I should add that I had sternly out short his expressions of gratitude, or he wonld never have got off. In any case neither of as is likely to forget the eventful hour we spent together in the old ruin. 