THE LAST STONEWALL. Obstruction in the Legislative AeseoMy under the old rules gave up the ghost €Mi» yesterday afternoon. An adjournment waj agreed to at -1 o'clock, when the House had aimost completed it3 tweotr-fcinrth hot-- r.i continuona talk. The sitting was marked lika others under pimilar circumstance?, by much recklessness of language, by excited "appeals to the Speaker, followed by scenes of more or less disorder and degradation. The cause of the stonewall was tho proposal by Sir Henry Parkes that certain additions should be made to the Standing Orders of the House. If the speech of the Premier and of one or two other members be excepted, there was no legitimate discussion on the new rales, Tho greater part of the sitting was con?am-ii in vain appeals for an adjournment, urged and supported by bogus argument. No di?gnUc was made on cither side oi the sanguinary intention to fight and to fight it out. The Opposition made it evident during the small Honrs of Friday that thoy would have an adjournment, while the Premier, with unwonted vehemence, proclaimed the intention of the Government to secure a division or sit till Sunday. Accordingly, Mr. Chanter took the floor and whiled away several wearisome hours in advancing reasons why the debate bhould bo adjourned. Here and there the course of the vapid stream was broken by an interjection, which Mr. Chanter took up and traced to its source, enlarging all the time oa the hardship of having to quit his proper channel to meet the interruptions. At last thit grievance ceased, and the fount of the Murraj geutieman's eloquence dried up. Had theinter- jeetious continued, it is confidently believei that Mr. Chanter would be taikiug yet I Mr. Gormly as an obstructionist would le a hideous joke, and yet hta wakefulness while Mr. Chanter o-as taking a tired House over topics A3 sterile as tbe Old Man Plain lu droaght time evidenced dangerotw intention. A shrill voice from the back benches was heard simnl. taueousiy with Mr. Walker's uprising, but the tired Speaker, as the less inflictiou of the two, called on the representative of the Wallsend peacemakers. Mr. Gormly was highly iudign.iat at the Speaker's preference and ieit the House muttering indignant reproaches on the Melvillcian benches. He would not be appeased by Sir. Walker's offer to give way, but when later on he obtained an opportunity of .deliver ing himself good humor had obtained the mastery. Mr. Walker filled in three-quarters of an hour, during which Air. Hawthorne observed that the devil, like Mr. Walker, comd quote Scripture, but he thought such action by cither party very unbecoming. After a burst of impassioned reasoning from Mr. Garrett, tbe now awakened House listened for a while to Mr. Gale and gradually went to sleep again. It was like the change from fire- works to a tallow candle. Mr. Gale's oratory is almost as unstiwulating a3 hi3 favorite beverage, but if he failed to create a sensation the new member for The Murrumbidgee im pressed the House as a sound-ibinking and eminently practical politician. The House had some more sago advice from Mr. O'Sulliran, Mr. Jones and Mr. Vaughn) and then proceeded to read tbe morning papers. With returning daylight came an accession of bellicose spirit, and Mr. Dibbs and Mr. Fletcher fell foul of Mr. Frank Smith, who came in on the crest of the wave at Baimain a few months ago. These two politicians should have been sufficiently seasoned to pass over unnoticed the jeermgs of a political stripling. Had they done so, one of the most disgraceful incidents of the stouewall would not have to be recorded. It was sad to sen ths leader of the House aud its highest officer descending to squabble with each other. After Mr. Moore, Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Ball had relieved themselves of some platitudes, Mr, Haynes obtained bis opportunity. He h.n some grievances in connection with the Mudgce election to redress, and he though: the door of the Assembly the proper place to do it. The Speaker, however, did not agree with him. Judged by his first speech, Mr. Haynes will be a valuable accession to the Melville- M'Ellione type of statesmen. Ho has the same faculty of irrele vance, redeemed, however, by the possession of much wit and good humor. He threatens to be a "terror" at repartee, and after their mutual experience no doubt Mr. Melville and Mr. O'Sullivan will give him a wide berth. Mr. Garvan came in m the toranoon re freshed and grasped the Government proposal) with that intellectual strength which he pos sesses in abundauee. His motion for a call of the Honse, though defeated by a very sub stantial majority, yielded the Opposition whatever satisfaction was obtainable from rendering Government amendments in tbe rules impossible. The Speaker ruled that the majority having determined that the words proposed to be omitted should stand part of the resolution no other amendment wa3 permissible. Whereat a loud cheer went forth from the benches whereon rampant Mel- villeisin finds a resting place. The original re solutions were then carried, and Mr. Hassall lent dramatic effect to the incident by imme diately gagging Mr. Melville with a handker chief. Mr. O'Connor then relieved his soul con cerning the Legislative Council's action in re jecting his measure of municipal reform, and after some formality the Honse entered on its Friday sitting and immediately adjourned to Tuesday week. A fuller report of these pro ceedings will be found on our ninth and tenth pages. ' 