CATHOLIC MISSIONARIES. THE following liat, taken from the Missions Gatholiques, of the Catholic missionaries who died during the year 1885 will give an idea of the proportion in which the various'religious societies supply tbe wants of Catholic missions in different parts of the world, and at the same time the proportion in which tbe various countries of Europe contribute to the same end. Of the 109 missionaries, of whom eight were bishops, who died during the year in question, 33 belonged to the Society of JeBus, 33 to the Foreign Missions of Paris, 14 to tbe Congregation of the Holy Ghost, and four were aecular priests. The remainder belonged to the Orders of Capuchins, to the Auguatinians, to the Dominicans, to the Fassionists, to the African missions of Lyons and Algiers, and to the Saleslans of Turin. Under the head of nationality we find that 70 were Frenchmen, seven were Irishmen, six were Italians, eight were Germans, four were Belgians, three were Canadians, two were Spaniards, and two were Chinese, while Scotland, Portugal, and Switzerland can lay claim to one each. Of the deceased missionaries, no fewer than 19 met with a violent death, of whom all save two were massacred during the recent troubles in Tonquin and Cochin-China. The two who were put to death by violence elsewhere were Fr. Fafard of Montreal, and Fr. Marchand of Bennes, in France, who were massacred by the insurgents under Kiel in April, 1885. The oldest missionary who died in the same year was Mgr. Ignace Bourgel, born in 1799, and formerly Bishop of Montreal. THE death is announced of Mr. Florence Stephen O'Donovan BOBBB, the eon of England's relentless enemy. The deceased wus only about 24 years of age, and was imbued with his father's principles in polities, being of the moatadvanoed type, and, though young in years, served for some time in the United StateB army. He was a young man of splendid physique, being, some six foot {our high, and built accordingly, and being of the most humorous disposition anil possessed of a fund of wit, his early demise is universally, regretted by all creeds and classes. "ROUGH OK PILE?." Why suffer Piles? Immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed. Ask . for " Rough on Piles.-" Sure cure for itching, protruding, bleeding, or any form of Piles. 