|^ ~~"^"? ,in':''tse['.'eOÙ8È".' ""./."~ :/".> r , - I * The House yesterday was up to its record in political * disoord. The wind of bitterness and bile swept down m the Chamber from 4 o'clock till after midnight. Mr. ; Hawken began tho activity of tho day with his motion 'j rogardihg tho Municipal Association. Peering « over his spectacles, ponderous and corono, > the oratorical hidalgo from Newtown opened ,' up his intellectual bosom, and wisdom waa ¡ rife within the dreary legislative halls. His best ¡word was " sinister," which he applied to the influence of tho association, but his whole speech wns like a t ' Calvinistio sermon- soporific, but infallible. Finally, i ' with an air of a Covenanter martj r, he said, " and j* now I throw myself upon the mercy of the |. House,*' The House doubled itself up in merri t- ment at i the sepulchral and pathetio appeal Is to them, and the tall and sorrowful exhorter withdrew. , I A good deal of discussion followed, in which Messrs. |J< i Foster, Sydney Smith, Haynes, Carruthers, and Cieer jr "j took part The Premier said th-it inasmuch as tho I |$ Government were bringing in a Local Government Bill 'À which would deal with this matter, he hoped Mr i'X Hawken would withdraw his motion This was done. ?< í Mr. Melville's motion for a committe to inquire into the i% purchase of land at Circular Quay was the basis of the big < \ row of the evening. Sir Henry Parkes said that under A ordinary circumstances the Government would not }| consent to the appointment of the committee, but that in this case, while granting it, they would demand a , j H ballot Mr. Levien was furious, and ho launched out %'\ at tha Ministry with oracular venom. Sir Henry] a "j ParkeB sud that he objected to the com 1 £ position of the committee, because there wore S*| mon on it who had used the most violent \ I language regarding this very matter, both in and out of | j the House. Accusations liad boon made by them which t -ii clearly showtd they were not fitted for the position of Ï ?$ moinbors of the committee Mr. Lovien said he would jj' | rather take these men's words than the oaths of some L -, men on the Ministerial Bide of the House Mr. Garvan j { doolared that Mr. Melville had been moved by a high I ''. senso of duty in mobing for tho coimniitoe and I j by his desire to preserve the purity of pubho life. Mr. p j Garvan rides the hieh horse of public duty pretty well, I'! but his opponents don't seem to believe in his beautiful P j sincerity. Mr. Slattery thought it was unwise of tho f'ví Government to demand a ballot, and he reiused, as one | ?, of the members proposed, to act. Mr. Burns urged that fy i it was unjust to ns' the Government to countenance j the composition of the conmitteo as proposed though i' ; they did want to see mombors of tho Opposition upon ÍÍ it [ J . . . . . * s¡ After dinner Mr. Walker sprang his mine of hoarso | ' coagulated syntax upon the Houso in support of his ,'??'. lensitive-mindod colleague, the First ImmortaL IV From crap to crag his volleyed thunders flew ; and, sooth to pay, he teld them all he knew. There is as ' * much logic in this bit of fantastic rhyming as in Mr. Walker's speech. Ho repeated, \ finally, Mr. Melville's statement that thoy only wanted justice, and that thora was no P i oharge, intended or implied, in the resolution. With t'l an ultimate bang, and a farewell pectoral inflection of I , thunderous consequence, the space beside the table was $ ' once more olearcd, and Mr. Melville rose in reply. ti1' There was a great deal of the First Immortal's old '. methods in his speech. His histrionio fervour, his ki s tragical-comical, comical-tragical, catastrophical-tragical >i comical style, his stupendous irony, and hw i ' horse-like humour, were all in full swing. It seomed < < like old times. The air was rent with words like ij, daggers ; but they didn't hurt anybody. From the ,; ' olíaos of words it could be gathered that the great .? champion of tho political lists did not intend to im f peaoh any member of the Government, but before he « waa through he raised such a dust of insinuation j ob would hare startled a House less u«ed to extravagance m legislative oratory. Ho found a chance, in rotort to some interruptions, to discuss the composi- tion of the Government, in which Mr. Gariett, Mr. 1 Inglis, and Mr. Wiso carne in for their full share of castigation. Men who a fow months ago wore flying i at each other s throats, ho enid, wera now , "brothers in arms in corrupt administ'ation. Foi s their future he showed them, with a dramatio power ( that Mr. Toohey might have envied, there was but the Jfene _ens Tekel Uphamn and ultimate dishonour, and for all their " dear ofloncos " just retribution. In a whirl of pillases he ran over Mr. Garrott's political 1 history, and hurled back with full-throated scorn 1 the statement made by tho Minister for Lands h before dinner that he would not trust his i/ | life or his honour in tho hands of some of I " ! the Opposition. Then Mr. Melville told of how in r ' the past Mr. Garrott's "life and honour" had been ' ¡ in his hands, and ho had saved him from political » ruin, and now I I Cut Mr. Melville's blasts of eloquence wore scarcclv sufficient to give vent to all his ;. >, ' fee inga, so he pounded the table and swung his arms v, ' about in vehoment expostulation, while ho de ¿ i clared how the mighty wero fallen, and b1, how ho whom ho had defended in tho past | Í from tho leader that now ho followed had ¡?'f. turned round upon his friend and licked the hand i ( " that would have duven him from the Chamber in the j \ past. It was all vory funny to those who iike bur ' . lesquo and melodrama. Ending his tragical Bpeoch ï with a tragical gesture of imprecation, the Thundoror | , returned to the bosom of his admirorB, and once moro í there was rest upon tho troublod waters Then the House -i proceeded to ballot. Immediately Mr. Dibbs rose and i . declared that the Opposition would not vote, and so he, ' t with a number of his followers, ostentatiously left the ( ^ I Chamber-and tho slow process of oloction by ballot i J began. JJ * * * * * ¡yg No livelier scone,' no bigger row, has occurred fi In the House this year than that which S ensued before the ballot was announced, JH| and afterward. The Government wore accuFod y-4 of passing marked lists of members through the ranks hi of tho Ministerialists In the Babol that nroao on this ^ subject, and the points of orJoi springing from it, Mr. 'fj Toohoy stood in a whirlwind of uproar, and H* yelled dofianco and protest. The ballot was finally '\§ deolaied, nnd it was found that Messrs. Mel ~rj ville, Street, Brunker, Chapman, Buidott-Smith, ;. .j Black, Burdekin, Lee, Gould, and Abigail had \ J hoon elected. But the uproar that occurred on the s 4 ballot business was nothing to what came after. Tho % '] House was simply wild wilh oxcitemont. Mr ' Melvillo came forward, with a book in his hand, and ?'' ' protested against its publication at the expense of the ¿ * country, as it had been, and its circulation. The book iJ . purported to be, he said, an account of the firsi Parlia % ' mont, but it contained the most infamous defamation l[i of the piesent legislation of the countrv. Tho par Isa ticular parts of the book to which he took violent ox Wt ception to wero sorao extracts taken from articles that ap "X peared in the Sydney Morning Herald and the Mel i bourne Argus. Mr. Garrett rose to a pon.t of ordor , after Mr. Melville bad been talking for a few minutes, / and then the storm began again, and the tide of wordy J strife da-hod up against the shores of order, and overrode ,' , tho bounds ot decency. A shriek of anger went up 1 ' i from 31 r. MeHillo, and he shouted " I will not be put |j J down by that jackass of a Minister-that jackanmes \y that impertinent jackanapes!" Mr. Girrett said he ¿yf arose to demand that Mr. Melville should instantly slate r? 'j what the question was that he was speaking upom y<^ Mr. Melville said it was a question of privilege <' 'j Then the tide rushod in again. Mr. Tonkin, when tho i,i| ebb began, said that the book had been published ."a 3 months ago, and that to bring the mniter up now as a W) question of privilego was a mere sublertugo. Inter \\*Û ruptions occuncd, and an angry cross-firing bofol. and | [^ nothing could bo heard for a time'but " Chair 1 Chair) i J. ! Chaii !" Tliero wore two or three on tho floor at ono time, ?í¿¡ including tho Speaker, and it seemed for a minute or so as ,vf if disorder weio king. Mr. Garvan accused the Minister '.< for Lands of using unpailiamentary words regal ding £ the chnir. Then Jil. Dibbs carno to Ins feet, and s ^ While ho was speaking in defence of Ml. Melville, tho $ Spoakof roso, and then i ame a dead-lock. The excito > | ment grew to white- heat when Mr. Dibbs did not sit down, and shouts of " Chaii ! Chair ! Chair ! respect s tho chair," came fiom the Ministerial bonohos, while a ' phnrus of cheering from tho Opposition eneouiaged Mr. i Dibbs. "You îabble, you rabble !" cried some one from i the Ministerial side "You paggors, you tyrants you I tiger-slayeis," carno from tho Opposition Mr. Dibbá j - »aid he would not sit down, ho had a right to speak. \ , The Speaker said he was prepared to gi vu his decision ; j on tho question of privilege, Mr. Dibbs pio 1 tested against hoing stopped, but at length sat ! ! down, and tho Speaker declared the question not j i"'~y¡ ono of privilege. Mr. Dibb->, fwhitö and rod -fj with anger by turn», came forward again and ? declared that the Spcakor had infringed liberty of speech i and had, interfered with the privileges of membors. The Speaker's action certainly did appear imperious,' I especially when it is remembered that Mr. Dibbs is leader of the Opposition. Hoar->e with excitement, Mr, Dibbs kept his place -till Mr. Melville handed to tu« ' Speaker a motion for the adjournment of the House. . « » . * Upon tim motion for adjournment the squall oame up 'suddenly again. Mr. Melville had his chance, and ho'made tho most'of it^ Ho quoted tho attracts fiom the newspapers arid commented on thera in a very violent fashion.' He with Meters O'sullivan, Walker, Neild, and others had been called windbags, and the tone of Parliament had boen held up to ridicule and contempt ! It was all in Mr. Melville s best stylo, and Mcsbw. O'sullivan and Walkor followed in a j splondid frenzy, holding up their hands to Demos and standing as witnesses for tho people between them and dishonour. Mr. O'Maia followed in a forciblo speech, , and then Sir llonry Parkes rose to explain. He de olarud his ignoiance of all that the articles inveighed against, and made some mollifying statements, I winding up with a pioinise to have the articlos loft out of any future issues of the book. Before tho House adjourned, Mr. Dibbs protested against the composition of tho oommitteo on Mr. M olvi le's motion. He said that it was purely a Government committee, and that it was a packed jury. Mr. Toohey and Mr. O'sullivan followed in the same stinin. Mr. Abbott brought up the mattor of free passes to school children again, and demanded investigation by the Government. Sir Henry Parkes, after a good deal of discussion, said that til o Commissioner for Railways had made a mistako in issuing the order providing for those poshes, and bad in it givon per- mission to children to attend any school without reser- vation. Afterwards tho Premier made an indignant speech upon tho action of the Opposition in the matter of tho committee, before a Houeo which had dwindled to just a quorum, while in tho galleries a few tired and dull-looking stragglers waited for the finish. Th« scolding stopped at last at 12.15, and the House was bit a one with its bad air and the ghosts of wild orations, 