LECTURE ON SHAKES- PEARE. BY E. WARD, ESQ., M.P. Mr. Ward gave his popular and in- teresting lecture on Shakespeare in the Petersburg Institute Hall on Friday, August 12, in the presence of a very poor audience. Mr. Copinger presided and apologised for the absence of the Mayor (Mr. W. Threadgold). He would only remark that if Mr. Ward made as good a lecturer as he did member of Parliament his audience would be satisfied, and as they had come to hear Mr. Ward and not him he would at once call upon that gentleman for the first portion of his lecture. Mr. Ward :— "Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen; I somewhat regret that this hall is not so well filled as when I last had the pleasure of ad- dressing an audience here but to you who are present I will deliver my lecture and endeavour to make it as attractive as possible. The subject is one of world wide interest. Before commencing the actual lecture I would like to say that for some years past, since I wrote these pages, there has been some criticism as to whether William Shakespeare ever wrote the plays generally attributed to him or not. Personally I firmly believe that he did write those works, and I can confidently assert that wherever the English language is spoken the name of Shakespeare is known and revered. England has many associates of which her people are justly proud, but whether the story be one of national prowess or of heroes on the deep, they cannot do too much honor to William Shakespeare's works. I have under- taken to reveal to you to night the story of the man whose works we can- not read without a tinge of admiration and wonder. It would be impossible for me to more than approximate the task, for no man has ever yet been able to gauge his marvellous genius, or fathom his profound knowledge. I can only detail a few remarks on how he lived, and how his life changed the social and political customs of all Eng- land. I take it Shakespeare lives to- day in the memory of each as occupying the highest pinnacle of success as a poet, for no other author has ever even threatened his pedestal of fame in the centuries that have elapsed since his death. At the period when Shakes- peare was born Latin was the only language spoken in England, but after the Norman Conquest the upper class of the people took to French, though the bulk still spoke Latin. After a time, however, the Anglo-Saxon came into general use and before long it was difficult to distinguish a Norman child in the schools from one of our native born. The language was in its infancy, mid the din and roar of battle, but through all it triumphed and it was mainly the genius of Shakespeare that made it what it is. William Shakespeare was born on the 23rd. April, 1564, the season of autumn here, but of happy, sunny, smiling spring, in the land that claims him for its own. What would have been the wonder, the joy and admiration of the citizens of the quiet neighborhood where Will was born, could they have pierced into the future annals of the world and seen what it was to be his lot to perform ; could they have realized the works that that infant' mewing and pucking in its nurses arms' was to ex- ecute works that would immortalize him for ever in the minds of coming generations. It was in the year 1558 on the 15th September, that John Shakespeare, a glover in the town of Stratford on Avon, married Mary Odham. In about 2 years a child was born, but it did not survive, and the next child, born some eighteen months after, also went to an early grave. Their third son was William who was baptised when about two months old, in the little church of Stratford where his two brothers had been buried. At this time his young life was in great danger as a fever visited the town destroying one seventh of its inhabi- tants. But the hand of providence was upon the infant William and he was spared, and for that circumstance we, and all the civilized world, have most abundant reason to rejoice and be thankful. At the time when William was born his father was Mayor of the town where he lived and had a flourish- ing business, and in the grammar school of which the foundation of William's education was laid. But there was something in him that the master of the grammar school could not fathom. How can we help at this time of his life imagining him as "The schoolboy, with his satchel And shining morning face, Crawling, like snail, Unwillingly to school." At an early age he was removed from school and taken into the shop to assist his father whose intention it was that his son should learn the trade in which he himself had so far prospered. But it appears that at about this time John Shakespeare's trade began to fall off and his means to decrease, and at last he was exempted from debt on the grounds of not being able to pay. William's generous spirit then showed itself in his determination to assist his parents in their reduced circumstances, and when 15 years of age he entered the office of a Mr. Green, a friend or distant relation of the family, who was a lawyer at Stafford. Doubtless it was here that he acquired his knowledge of law, which is so visible in many of his works that lawyers have claimed him as being of their own profession. In this capacity he spent three years, help- ing his parents and, at the same time, storing his mind with much of that knowledge which won for him the fame that he alone possessed. We now come to an important period in our hero's life. It would have been strange indeed if he had lived long without wanting to love and be loved. Who that is at all familiar with his writings can doubt that when he loved he was as constant in his devotion as he has represented the lover to be in all his works. He was in his 18th year and still in Attorney Green's office when he wooed and won Ann Hathaway. Her's must have been indeed a stern and un- romantic nature who could long with- stand the pleadings of Sweet William, and the woman who could have at- tracted such a love must be entitled to all the honor an admiring nation can do her. History tells us that she was all that could be desired, beautiful, accomplished and good. Her mother at one time said of her, "For she is wise, if I can judge her, And fair she is, If my eyes be true." What must have been the words that fell from the animated lips of Shakes- peare as he strolled through the lanes and fields of Stratford and poured out his whole soul in love for Ann Hatha- way, the fair creature by his side. We can only guess what they were by drawing from the works of his untiring pencil. They were wed in the year 1552 and by the time Shakespeare was 19 years of age he had on his shoulders the responsibility of a husband and a father. It is not surprising that under these circumstances Shakespeare began to look around him for some more adequate means of providing for the wants of his rapidly increasing family, so he left Mr. Green's office and went to London. Some say that he had been poaching and deer stealing on the estate of a certain Sir Thomas Listey, and having been discovered he was compelled to fly to London for safety. We know the position that Shakespeare was then in, and who can say that his life and acts were those of a poacher and deer stealer. It is certain that at this time his father was forced to resign his position, and Shakespeare was obliged to seek for a wider and more profitable field for his ability and enterprise. One thing that does not look as if he wished to escape punish- ment is the fact that when he went to London he never assumed any other name; he was always plain William Shakespeare from his birth to his death. It is, at any rate, a certain fact that this removal was the turning point in his career for before going to London he had not written any of those works which have gained for him his world wide reputation. Before he left Stratford it was well known that he was not on good terms with Sir Thomas Listey but that is no proof that he stole Sir Thomas's deer, or that he poached on his ground. Personally, I can only see in his action the noble resolve of a determined man, who would give up his old happy home and go out into the great world of London, to support his poor parents, his loving wife, and three young children. This he did, as soon as his wife's health recovered sufficiently, after the birth of their third child, to undertake what was then a long and tedious journey. As soon as he reached London he wrote to his old friend Mr. Green who introduced him to the theatre of Black Friars. There can be no doubt that Shakespeare went to London a needy man, and as many others have done before and since he buckled to, and it was not long before he rose to the position of actor in the same theatre. It does not appear that as an actor he was very successful for the ghost in Hamlet was the most im- portant part he ever undertook. It was owing to his energy and perseverance that before his first play had been per- formed he had been elected as one of the sixteen proprietors of the theatre of Black Friars, being then in his 25th year. If this appointment had been a reward for his skill as an actor, or as a recognition of his genius—which had not then shown itself—there would not, perhaps, have been so much credit attached to it. But as it was it shows that he made the best of the circum- stances, and threw his whole energy into working in that station to which he had been called. King Richard VI bears evidence of being one of his first plays, as, while there is much in it that cannot but be admired, it lacks in many respects that depth of feeling so characteristic of his later works. Shakespeare's War of the Roses shows how he could put all his genius into the simplest things. It is time now for us to look at the manners and customs of the people of England in those days. Many people raise the ob- jection that coarse and vulgar expres- sions sometimes occur in his works, but if they would only remember that the whole tone of society since then has changed, and what is now considered coarse and vulgar would then be quite proper, they would then realise how difficult it must have been to write plays that would be appreciated three hundred years afterwards. At that time, even in the highest ranks, the servants and masters always eat their meals together. They had drinking cups made of horn, and wooden spoons, but no knives or forks, and Shakes- peare, with the people of his day, eat their meals with their fingers and their fists, as their forefathers before them had done. In those days the only amusements of the people were bull- baiting and cock-fighting, and these were practised on Sundays in the presence of people of the highest rank, and even Queen Elizabeth would often attend; indeed, she used fre- quently to command that the bull-bait- ing should take place in her own palace. But as one by one the creations of Shakespeare where brought before the people some of these old habits died out, the Queen gave up her bull-baiting for the higher pleasures that were set forth by him who was considered one of her most gifted subjects, and his society was courted by noblemen and lords, and even by the Queen herself, as they recog- nised and acknowledged the genius with which his writing was diffused. But to resume our story, we have got to his twenty-fifth year, and we find him, though not enjoying perfect affluence, yet, at any rate, in comfortable cir- cumstances. His course now seemed clear before him, and his prolific pencil was soon in full force. In 1592 he wrote "The Midsummer's Dream" one of his grandest works. Critics say that while his tragedies are not to be excelled his comedies cannot be equalled, for it is in them that his unfathomable imagination seems to have the greatest play, and perhaps this is nowhere to be seen so strongly as in one of his plays where Puck is represented as saying 'I will put a girdle round the earth in forty minutes. That a man could by the power of imagination alone have foretold an event that was to take place three hundred years after was indeed marvellous, but so it was, and now the last link to the submarine cable has been added, which gives Puck's ' girdle round the earth in forty minutes.'" After a short interval, during which Mr. Watt and Miss Heithersay played a violin and piano-forte duet, the lecturer resumed:-" The time at my disposal will not allow me to say much of the comedies of Shakespeare, indeed it would be impossible to sup- press within the limits of one lecture the marvellous stretch of thought, the profound depth of knowledge, and the wondrous power of imagination pos- sessed by William Shakespeare. It is supposed by many that Shakespeare first conceived his ideas of the stage by being taken to a play that was being performed in his native town by a travelling troupe, when he was about four years old, and he then took such a liking to it that three years later, when another company was performing there, he ran away from school to see it. Of his tragedies, Macbeth is con- sidered his masterpiece. This was pro- duced in 1606, when Shakespeare was in the zenith of his fame, in the new Globe Theatre, London, of which he was the chief proprietor. At this time he was entirely supporting his aged parents, an action not likely to have proceeded from a poacher or deer-stealer. Hamlet was produced in 1596, and for depth of feeling and mental reasoning it still stands unrivalled. Critics cannot agree whether Shakes- peare means to represent Hamlet as really going mad upon the death of his father, or whether he intends the mad- ness to be assumed. I consider the madness to have been subservient to a purpose, for listen to the soliloquy of Hamlet, when he is weighing with himself the desirability of ending his wretched life, and say if there is a touch of madness in that balancing of the un- certain peace of death against the troubles of life. And again, where he is considering whether it is better to stop awake and endure the pangs that guilty and conscience stricken man alone can tell, or to go to sleep, only to awake with a start, as his father's ghost approaches him. This play is noted for the grand but simple language in which it is written. Shakespeare playcd in it himself, and took the rather un- important part of old Dame Coleridge, his impersonation of which was said to be more perfect and attractive than the more prominent parts, which were played by more popular actors. The poems of Shakespeare we must pass over, as I am sure that I have already trespassed enough upon your time, and yet I have not mentioned one third of the works which by their sublime language have placed him upon a pedestal which no other writer in the centuries which have elapsed has even threatened to contest; works that have proved his energy to be unflagging, and his genius to be inexhaustible. His many beautiful sonnets we must also pass over with but a slight consideration. The Merchant of Venice is a play we must not neglect to mention. In the year 1604 Shakespeare retired from the theatre and bought an estate not far from the home which he had provided for his parents, on the outskirts of his native town. Here he spent the remain- der of his days, and it was in the seclusion of his quiet home that many of his most marvellous works were given birth. It must have been a day of great rejoicing among the people of the place, who could remember him in his boyhood, " when he returned, crowned with the laurels of success, after nearly twenty years battling with the world in the, even then, great city of London ; and in those 20 years he had raised himself from the almost unknown actor in the the theatre of Black Friars to the most popular dramatist of the day. It was on April 23, the 52nd anniversary of his birth, that William Shakespeare peacefully breathed his last, and since then many mouuments have been raised to his memory, and in hundreds of other ways a grateful and admiring nation has endeavoured to do honor to its hero's memory, but he has himself left that which will keep his memory ever green through the generations that are to come. And im- perfectly as I have handled my great subject for to-night, I shall feel satis- fied if I have been able to impress any one with a greater reverence or respect for that subject, or if I have been able to clear up any doubts or dislikes that may, and have sometimes, attached themselves to plain Will Shakespeare, the bard of Avon. His was the wizard's spell, his grasp all nations feel, Creation owns his sway." Mr. Callary proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, and while he regretted the small attendance he felt sure more would have come had they only known the rare treat Mr. Ward had in store for them. The motion was seconded and carried unanimonsly. The Chairman in conveying to Mr. Ward the thanks of those present took the opportunity to mention that Shakespeare being in Mr. Green's law office at Stratford would no doubt ac- count for the knowledge of law which was diffused through his works and which had caused many to believe that they were written by Lord Bacon, who was a renowned lawyer. He had heard of one person who said he did not believe any one but Lord Bacon could have written them. He thought that was a very unfair and one sided view of the ease for any one to bring forward as an argument, against the writer on whom Mr. Ward had so ably dis- coursed. He felt sure they all knew a great deal more about Shakespeare than they did a few hours before. Mr. Ward in reply said that he felt a little easier in his conscience than he had done for some months past, because he had redeemed his promise to the people of Petersburg. Many would doubtless remember that he had been asked to open that institute, but being called to town at that time on very important business the ceremony was performed by his junior colleague Mr Copley, and then it was that he had promised to make up for his absence by delivering a lecture in aid of the Institute funds. He had given the same lecture for the benefit of several different country institutes all over the colony, as he thought they were deserving of the greatest support. After a youth had gone through the present system ef education, as pro- vided in the public schools, he needed some place where he might spend his evenings and other spare time in the cultivation and improvement of his mind, and nothing supplied this want better than a good public library and reading room, and he hoped the time was not far distant when they would be more extensively patronised. He also thought it would be a good plan to introduce for the study of school children a book containg many of the works of Shakespeare. He allowed that there were one or two that might reasonably be objected to for young people, but, with these omitted, he was sure the works of Shakespeare would make a most valuable school book. He deeply regretted that through lack of audience the entertain- ment would not be such a financial success as might have been wished, but that was not his fault, and, at any rate, he had the satisfaction of know- ing that those who were present ap- preciated his efforts, and he would thank them for their attendance. On the motion of Mr. Copinger a vote of thanks was accorded to Miss Heithersay and Mr. Watt for the valuable services they had rendered, and Mr. Ward having moved a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was suitably replied to, the audience dis persed. Mr. Clifford Lloyd, late Colonial Secretary of Mauritius, at whose in- stance the enquiry into Sir John Pope Hennessy's conduct was held, has been appointed Colonial Secretary of Ceylon. MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS AND THE GOVERNMENT.—On Friday last several Mayors of important towns waited on the Attorney-General to make known the proposals of the Municipal Associa- tion in respect of the new Consolidated Municipal Corporations' Act, which the Government hope to introduce next session. Mr. Kingston promised to get a Gas Bill passed this session if possible, which should be similar to that which appeared as a slaughtered innocent when the last Parliament ceased their labours. He said that the Government would do what they could with a view of bringing the Consoli- dated Act into force as early as possible after the subsidy had been withdrawn from Corporations.—S. A. Register. 