Sr. g :°Faceti /. ý: _ .Sporting notes-flashing fivers. I It is wrong to say the living bear Mall the burden of the state; is there not 'a death rate 7 A miner at Dark River put in a blast and touched her off; he presently went back to see her spit. His friends scraped his remains off the hanging wall with bits of hoop iron. His funeral was well attended. An English paper says that "the book that is now selling best in Italy is the Bible." We shouldn't wonder. It must be quite a novelty in literature there. The master of a state school asked a small boy the masculine of step-daughter, and the young rascal replied-" Step-ladder." That youth is very careful what he sits on now; he prefers an air pillow. A tiger at the Melbourne Zoo. was so en raged by the sight of a dude the other day that he tore off the sheet-iron flooring r:f his cage, and was in a fair way of escaping when his keeper knocked him senseless with a bar of iron. Unfortunately the dude es-: caped. Country journalists are becoming rapidly respectable and, as a consequence, rich. The proprietor of the S- tandard, has offered a ten guinea cup for the best silo made in his district I Humph I We remem ber the time when it was as much as a coun try editor could do to present his offspring with a birthday smug, and the price had to go down to the advertisement account at that. Yet the literature then produced in the country wasof a much livelier description than it is now. As soon as a man grows wealthy he seems to lose all his fun. A miner at Creswick went down into the well of a shaft there, attired in some patent divingdresswhichwasguaranteed tomakelife below the billow pleasant and agreeable; in fact, a thingtobe hungered after. Itwas to be a trial of the apparatus, under the auspices of the mining department. The man had been below water about fifteen minutes, when it was thought advisable to haul him up and ask him how he was. So they hauled, but the diver had evidently hitched the rope on to the centre of the universe, and it could not come away. A lot of men and boys, and horses,_were induced to give a hand, and finally, after`iionsiderable fooling, they got the diver to come up and see what the gory Hades they were tugging for. Upon opening up the apparatus, the venturesome miner was found to be bleeding at the nose like a tapped claret cask, and just in the act of giving up the ghost. They restrained him in the mad act, and after much care and skilful treatment he felt well enough to take a drop of liquor, and explain that something had gone wrong, and he had got caught in the ladders. There is nothing excruciatingly funny about this till we ap pend a few words with which the Age winds up an account of the affair : " Had the lad. der been a fixture, the accident would have proved fatal. In other respects, the trial was considered ver???successful." We claim the' italics,. De Trow: " How horribly that tenor is murdering his -anthem, Miss Claymore." Miss Claymore : "That tenor is my brother Ethelbert, Mr. De Trow." " De Trow (glan cing at his hymnal and turning the leaves quickly) : " Why, how stupid of me, I thought he was singing Mozart's ' Hallelu jah.' " Miss Claymore :*" So he 'is." The man who had his ear bitten off in a fracas in Port Adelaide the other night, no doubt thinks it useless for anyone next' January to wish him a happy new 'ear. In a country printing office. Editor (to `compositor)-" How do you spell pneumo nia ?" Compositor (after several attempts) -" Give itup.. Why don't you look in the dictionary "' Editor-" Because I am sit. ting on it and don't want to disturb myself. Never mind. I'll say that the old gentle man died of some disease that is easier to spell," 