j "Eight in face of us a waterfall, leaping in three cascades down the highest mass of rock." MERLIN CASTLE. (A Legend of the Hundt'ed-Mile Scrub ) PART II.. EXTRACT FROM ADAM LINDSAY'S JOURNAL. "Domus Ultima" Monday, November 9fch, 188-. I AM writing this, my dear Lucy, under the magician's own roof, within the mysterious circle, under the charm of an accomplished Rosicrucian, a lovely sphinx and a black familias. What have we been talking about this evening ? I should find it difficult to give an intelligible account of our conversation. The Occult Sciences, the Platonic Idea, Ancient Rites, and Modern Ghost Stories all jumbled up together in harmonious confusion. If I attempted to write it all down, it would read like the merest nonsense, for I cannot seize the subtle thread which runs through all Mr. Lestrange's marvellous talk and hold it together. All that he says has a meaning when he Bays it ; and yet afterwards, when I try to recall that meaning, it is gone, and I seem to be trying to reduce to a system the chaotic utterances of a very mad old gentleman. I do not think he is mad, however, though I am not quite so well persuaded that he is not bad. Seriously, I am inclined to credit him and his familiar spirit, Dominic, with some very ugly secrets. Do you recollect the stories which used to delight us in extreme youth, of men who sold themselves to the devil ? Has not one still a sort of half-belief in Faust ? And when one man will sell his soul to gratify his passions, will not another make the same bad bargain to gratify his curiosity, which he calls his thirst for knowledge ? If you could overhear some of our conversations, Lucy, I think that, strong-minded as you are, your hair would bristle with horror. It is a shock to such prejudices as I retain to hear the Bible expounded by the light of Rosicrucianism. I feel that two or three centuries ago he and I should both have been in imminent danger of the stake and faggots, and I am not sure that some such purifying process would not be highly beneficial. At least, one would have a much livelier sense of the danger of witchcraft and ugly heresies if they were likely to lead to the flames ; and if nothing but fire can destroy dangerous doctrine, and if you. cannot destroy the doctrines without destroying both teacher and taught, then, in the name of everything that is worth preserving, let them all be burnt together. But in these enlightened days neither Mr. Lestrange nor I run any risk, and so we discuss ideas that horrify me a little when I come to reflect upon them afterwards " in silence and alone." As for Miss Lestrange, she holds herself quite aloof from these discussions ; at least, she takes no such part in them as might betray her own religious or irreligious convictions. What does she believe 1 I scarcely before met a woman who would not on sufficient provocation give me the whole history of her theological opinions and how she came to form them. As far as my ex- periences go, young ladies talk about, their own souls and those of other people, in season and out of season, seriously and flippantly, with the same ease that they discuss their bonnets. But the fair Sophia's soul is to me as much a sealed mystery as the wisdom of the Egyptians. I would not even distinctly take upon myself to assert that she has one. A marble statue galvanized with life, incapable of pity or remorse or passion, guarding its terrible secret and smiling eternally a cold sinister smile as though to bid mortals beware how they approached it ; but its fatal beauty is too strong an attraction : we disregard its involuntary warnings and let ourselves be drawn closer-closer till heart and soul are crushed in its cruel arms. I hope you properly admire that last attempt at the sensational style. I am very tired : I think I will go to bed. Sunday, November 15th. The deed is done, Lucy ! Sophia has promised to be my wife, and I-I, as you may Buppose, am in the seventh heaven of delight, that so sublime a creature should condescend to a humble mortal like myself. We went out for a walk to-day, and after straying through "devious wilds/' "with gloomy horror over- spread," we at last came upon a wonderful spot, where we sat down to rest. Imagine a narrow gorge com- pletely hemmed in with sassafras and turpentine trees, suddenly opening on to a wide space like an amphi- theatre, enclosed by huge inaccessible cliffs towering tier above tier to the height of two hundred feet, and right in face of us a waterfall leaping in three cascades down the highest mass of rock, and falling into a great black pool below. Here and there in the rocks dark patches, fringed with hanging fern, marked the mouths of caverns, defying us to penetrate their secrets, and behind the waterfall lay an immense cave, leading, so Sophia told me, far into the heart of the earth. We were alone, she and I. She led me to this cave, and we sat down at its mouth, and looked at the scene in front of us through the veil of water. I wish I could give you some faint idea of the effect of that place. Such a tangled profusion of ferns and flowering creepers, such gigantic trees, such gloom, and even on this hot day such a deadly chill in the air ! Opposite the waterfall, and blocking out the path by which we had come, were two immense round boulders, all overgrown with many coloured moss and lichen, and poised lightly one upon another, as though the merest touch must send them rolling. In front of them hung an enormous creeping stem, half a foot in diameter, fastened to two trees, just like our old swing in the orchard at home. One could imagine that some young giant of the forest had been there before, and had left his playthings behind him. A sudden desire seized me to go into the cave. Sophia followed me, and we went through the opening chambers into a narrow passage beyond. It was pitch dark, and we could hear no sound but the distant water- fall and an occasional drip from the roof. I struck some matches, but they only made darkness visible ; the passage went on and on with no visible outlet. Pre- sently we turned at a sharp angle, when the chilling damp grew more intense and the darkness thickened ; it was " darkness that might be felt." I struck another match, but it went out directly ; seven times I tried, but without success. I put out my hand and felt nothing but space. Then an awful horror seized upon me. I felt my brain reeling and myself being dragged down into the bottomless abysses. I tried to utter Sophia's name, but the effort ended in a gasping sob. Suddenly she seized my hand, and hers was so cold that, as she did so, an icy shiver passed right through me. She said something to me, what I do not know ; and I suppose she must, have turned back the way we came, for I presently found myself, with my hand still in hers, at the opening of the cave beneath the water- fall. "Are you faint?" she asked; "you look very white." I really do not know what kept me from fainting outright ; but I did manage to struggle back into consciousness, and to apologise for my absurd con- duct in the cave. The only excuso I could offer was that the air was thick, and that I had not long recovered from a very severe illness. She paid no attention to my wordB, but led the way to the other side of the pool, opposite the waterfall, and under the giant swing. She broke off a large leaf, twisted it into a cup, filled it with water from the pool, and gave it me to drink. It was icy cold, with a curious flavour. I refilled the cup and gave it back to Sophia. So we pledged each other in that gruesome place. I felt utterly powerless, and waited for what was to. come next. An old log, covered with scarlet Jews' ears, lying at my feet, caught my eye with its brilliant colours, and as I sat gazing at it I saw a wretched frog, like the frog of my dream, swollen to double its ordinary size, and with eyes nearly starting out of its head fixed in terror on some object near. I followed the frog's eye, and discovered a black snake with crimson belly lying perfectly motionless, holding the wretched beast with its hideous oblique stare. Just above the snake was a great cobweb, and fast caught in the cobweb a tiny bird, whose contortions a huge spider with striped and hairy legs was calmly watching, sitting securely within the meshes of his own net. Was it a grim allegory that Nature was reading me ? A feeling of recklessness came over me, and I laughed aloud. Sophia turned towards me with a look of grave surprise. I will not inflict upon you the exact words in which I asked her to marry me, nor my protestations of ever- lasting love and devotion. I do not know what she said in reply, I am not sure that she said anything ; but she took a very old seal ring, engraved with the sphinx's head, from her finger and put it on mine, telling me that it had been her mother's. I told her that she was reversing the usual order of things, but she did not seem to understand me. When we got up to go home I gave the frog a friendly kick to break the charm, but it rolled over stiffly and was no longer capable of moving its own limbs. 1 tried to set the bird free, but it was quite dead. So Sophia and I left the spider and the snake to feast upon their victims, in the uncanny scene of our love-making, and climbed again into the upper air and cheerful light of day. So I am engaged to the Sphinx and wear her ring, and hope to be initiated into all the mysteries of creation, and meantime I have the privilege of making love to the most beautiful woman in the world, and sitting at the feet of an accomplished Rosicrucian. Dear Lucy, do not show this wild rhodomontade to any one. I sometimes find myself seriously speculating whether my brain is not affected-whether that fever did not leave some weakness behind it that makes me invest a half-crazy philosopher and his lovely taciturn daughter with a veil of mystery and magic. I am not very well, and we all know how bodily weakness reacts on the mind. A long letter from you will put me in good spirits again. How about Val Meredith's affairs 1 I do not like to think that you are wearing away the best years of your life in fruitless expectations. God bless you, my darling sister. You deserve all the happiness that poor mortals in this world can ever attain. 