i BATüEDAY, MARCH 12j-A 887» ,¿ -\ A Victory. WH KN we look et the advocacy of Free Trade by the Sydney Press, and the sad disorganiza- tion and falhng-off in the Protection Associa- tion which, so far as we are .'aware, did not accord the slightest assistance, iu the' shape of statistical information, or otherwise, ' to those members of the country Press ,who were in favor of Protection to Native Industries,-it ia very gratifying to find, that without anyaasist [ ance or sympathy aa aforesaid,'over 40 Members with decided Protection proclivities have now been returned to Parliament, aa against some I seven in number at the last sitting ; and that, if this new party m.properly,organine<L tb«as, numbers will be doubtless augmented" during .the debates or i trials of strength that' -Waytako place upon the vital question» of (Protection and Free Trade. As is well known, so far, the Tree Traders have boen roasters of the situation , in., every way- having a perfect organization, with' men, money, influence, statistics, and; every. thing else required to beat down or. stamp, out ' the Protectionist fire- which, after th» oold water thrown upon it has emitted roora smoke than flame- while that astute old statesman j[Bur Henry Parkes! has endeavored to scatter the sabas to th« winda. Considering all'tbeee thing*' it is pleasing to find that the result of the eleo I tiona just concluded has beet* the return of a number of thoughtful men who. nil .fan the smouldering embers, and who drwiwlese--Wie ve \ that the time has now arrived when something should be done to open-up and develop the re- sources and industries of this fine Colony, and thereby give employment to our rapidly inweea ¡og Native youth, who, under the present^orde^' of things'must necessarily beobrne, mere hewars 1 of woodand d ra worauf water,-and at the same, time render us more self supporting,, and .'fade-' pendent of foreign importations than heretofore. Of course it is very easy for out ^Free-trade friends to burl figures and statistics at our heads, and point to the past career 0f the Colony #nen in a state of infancy ; but as ciroumstarioes siter eases, so Protectionists can point to the présent unsatisfactory financial position of this Colony, with a large number of men out of em- ployment-the inores*» in insolvencies and fore- closures-and the bulk of the country popula- tion daily becoming poorer. We have not far to go from home to see this, as monetary matu- tera in this district do not appear to be upoi a very firm basis, white the deserted homesteads, and many farms to let or sell, tell of the wrecked fortunes, blighted hopes, and losses experienced by those who go forth to win their daily bread in the wilderness, and have to con- tend with many difBeultioe. lt is under such circumstances, and from what they soe and hear around them-and not from the teachings of the Press, or the utterances. bf Parliamentary candidates, that the greater number of i theoetesV , tors in this district have doubtless returned the I two gentlemen just .elected to represent their interests,--whioh action was greatly' required? aa there ? are abundant evjüenoea i uiac some I sweeping changea in the present fiscal policy of the Colony will be attempted, ' which .may évén I tuato in a repeal of the present duty upon Sugar which the Sydney Fresahave long1 con tended i should be abolished,-while even the present I light duties upon Timber, Butter, and othor products, may bo swept sway. - We take it, that to many, in this district, tho quostion of Protec- tion means life or death-prosperity or starva- tion-and although Pros Traders ; jñay raiao the ghosts of over production and high prices to acare the faint-hearted, itoannot be gainsayed, that as many amongst ut are'now only living from' hand to mouth, and hardly able to keep the wolf from the door,-that a'mild Protective Tariff, by steadying prices, would" do'much to stimulate and develop agricultural and. other in- dustries in this district, and by giving increased emnlovment/put, more money ., into .circulation, and add to our prosperity. Ijet us hopis, that under present circumstances,, our. Protectionist friends, will, while according the presentGovern- ment fairplay, elect an able leader, and by re- maining true to their party and ? colors, be pre- pared to resist any infringement upon the rights of the dwellers,in the, country, districts, who should now have a voioe in the management of the affairs of the Colony; and hot, as hereto- fore, be shunted off the progressive track by tne commercial classes in the Metropolis, who, being non-produoers, and thriving upon the profits gained by buying and selling,, look upon such matters in a very different light to those who live by the sweat of their brow, in clearing and tilling the land, or are engaged in produc- ing or manufacturing. 