" LECTURE-ENTERTAINMENT." A very interesting ''lecture entertainment" was given, in Rollone Hall, on Tuesday evening last, by Mr. S. W. Brooks,. one of the representatives of the Fortitude Valley electorate in the Legislative As setmbly. The attendance was remarkably good, but then a little care had been taken in announcing the lecture and telling of the fame of the speaker. Though the "entertainment" was fairly lengthy, very few of the audience could have been wearied by it, while to most the time passed but too quickly. Mr. Brooks has the reputation of being the best. read man in Brisbane, and he has the knack of imperting to others, in an attractive form, some of the informa tion he has thus obtained. While his story was interesting, it had to it a moral, for, whereas he spoke so smush of the superstitious beliefs of our, even not very remote..aucestore, which border often on the fancies of heathen mythology, he expressed unqualified disapproval of then. and p',inted to better things. Though we flItter ourailves that Australians are, as a rule, inuch mnlse free from such superstition than the old country people, a little of the " folk lore" of fatherland still has a charm for us, andI uncon'ciourly influences, perhaps, at times our thoughtsnnd actions. Mr. Ilrooke'aleason may be pro. ductive of good in clearing smer. of the cobwebs away. Mr. JAMES FooTe, M L.A., pre,-ided, In the absence of his brother, the Htn. J C. Foot', who was indisposed, and he introelued to the audience the "Reev." 8. W. Brokss-that gent'eman, we believe, having been a cleric and a South Sea Island missionary. The lecturer commenced by making the very safe remark that man (and woman too, for that matter) was a very strange animal. Philosopers had for ls long time been tr)ing to understand him, and had not fully succeeded yet. He was possessed of numner. one qualities, and philosophers had used various terms to differentiate him from the lower animals. Man was essentially a prying creature; he could not even let the stars alone: and, having ransacked the heavens above, he turned his attention to the earth beneath, found written there the wonderful s'iry of the rocks, and classified the fossil flora and fauna with puzzling names. Then he was not satisfied, but must dive beneath the waters. That did not suffice, but he must needs fossick in the brains of g[arrulous old men and chatty old women and re surrect many of the quaint beliefs and practices now spoken of as "folk lore." Education had swept much of this away, and not a little of it had died with the great- grandmothers of the present generation. There was in England a "Folk Lore Society," which took up parts of our history that historians have not touched, and the results of whose fossicking were published regularly in its records, Some of the things he was abouut to tell them they might think puerile, but they must remember that their great. grandmothers thought thetm gospel truth. He be. liered that nearly all this "folk lire" was the antithesis of truth, and he wished his hearers to think so too. though, to facilitate delivery, he would spelk of these things as though they really wsre. Nursery rhymes fortmied succulent banquet for "folk lore" people, and he would commence with baby. hood. The very ray of the week, and the hour of the day. on which a child was horn wera of special significance, for did not they remember that " Monday's child is fair of face, Tuesday's child is full of grace; Wednesday's child has far to go, Thureslaysa child has sorrow' and woe, Friday's child is loving and giving, Satur lay's child works hard for its living; But the child horn on the Sahlbth Dry Is brave and bounny and good and gay." In touching on "tahbyhood, tihptism, and confirms. tion." Mr. Brooks narrate't how unlucky it was to praise a child too much, to cut its fiuger-nails or weigh it before it was twelve months old, for it to cut its upper teeth first, for it not to cry when being " christened," to rock an empty cradle, &c.; .Marri age and courtship gave ample scope for *" folk lore," and death had called forth many superstitious no tions. Mr. Brooks spoke of lucky and unlucky things. portents of dlath, spells and divinations, forelodiugs, the cure of ailments, ghost stories, and the hike, as believed in by the peoples of various cueatrese. He also read from popular works passages SI.ttratave of his statements. In the course of his peroeation, he asked " Are we clear from follies of bias ort ,' and answered the question by assertioB that there were still some persons to whom much of this "folk lore" was real. Let them all do what they could to hasten on the day when the world should be free from such absurdities, which had their foundation in erroneous ideas of God and of natural laws. Assuredly, there was "a good time coming." for, with increased intelligence and knowledge, such absurdities would pass away, and for that blessed day they might surely hope. The lecture occupied two hours in delivery, and, at its close, the Rev. E. WtstON proposed a vote of thanks to the speaker. While doing so, he alluded to the reason why they were "pushang" the matter (of the erection of a chapel) so strongly on the north side. On the 4th of April last year a Snoday.school had been started there by the Congregationalists of the other side, and in May he had been sent to help to work np a Church. the school had been a great suecess, and now they had 206 names on the scholars' roll, and a band of earnest, selfseacrificing teachers,. As to the Church, it was, at first, disheartening to see so few attend the services ; but things were much better now, and be was often cheered by the eight of so many worshippers. He and some of the friends there were very desirous of having a place of worship of their own, and, if he could only obtain £100 or good promises to that extent, he woold like to begin the building at once. A £5.note had been sent to him that evening as a contribution to the building fund, a friend had promised him £10, he expected another £10 from that evening's lecture, and would be glad if a few more friends would speedily make up the £100. The motion was seconded by Mr. A. H. BAntow, and carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, proposed by Mr. Jo1"u MACFABLANE, and seconded by Mr. E. BosrOCK, concluded the proceedings. 