L'HiU lOijli)t!iN jHOPE. . .A BOMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I d eamt a dream, that wis not all a droam.' , . i ; , Bt W. .Coauk Russell. : CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued ) ' 8tbugolinq tiiiiouqh it. The ekipper took the hint, aud after a etare at the skylight, and then a' look at the tell tale compass, and uttering a brief marine gto,wl at the'wedthor, he went on deck. He wus pazzled, and stood a minute in tbe com- panion hatch, ribbing hie- nose and peering at old Stone, . who Bto'od to windward of the tillor, clapping hie breast for warmth. He had half a mind to' talk the thing over with the mate, because bis curiosity' bad been excited by bearing Mr. Fortescue himself Bay that - his principal object in making the voyage wae. to seek Borne friends ia tbe far- oi£ island. . , 1 Aa how,' he aaid to himself, ' oould he know there was any of 'em there? For.; the mere hoping that they were there wasn't goibg to. make a man spend all two thousand pounds' and travel twenty thousand miles and 'leave his duties ashore to take care of themselves.' But after contemplatively squinting awhile' at Stone, he reflected that Mr.' Forteacub' would' be annoyed' if it oame to his' ears that' the captain of his veBsel was talking and artpiing ' about him ; so instead ne cold the mate to go bejow and get his dinner ; and took his place on the weather quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bo tve to ke'ep his'e'yes'ekinaed; for, eaid he, address ing the seamau who was grasping the tiller rope:'' ' ; Confound me, Harrv", if this here smother isn't like' a' cauldron that I oace saw billu' in a tlieayter when a piece was being pre sented called Macbeth'. There waa some old' women collected around that job, ahd amdng other 'thinks"! reck'lect'of their chubklng in was a lizard's' ldg and a Jew's livdr. and'the blood of a sow that had ate her little 'una.' ' 1 ' Who; was goin' to swallet the likes of snoh broth', ah ' that?1 siid' the ' hdlmeman, whose mahogany face ' looked' almost' black in the dusky drizzle, and from : contrast witb the reddish bekrd'tbat forked straight out .over the collar of hlH ' oilskin coafe. ' P'raps them old women meant it tor Bailors.1' It s not the broth I'm talking about,' said Weeks, ' it'a the hallegory, if you know what that meanB, I say that this here smother ie like the Bmoke from- the cauldron I aaw, only instead of ghosts coming up out of it, as they did in chat ths'a'yte'r play, it'll be weasels to run against ;' and then, with a long look round, he felt for" a 'pieee of tobacco, aiid muttered; ' two eyes ain't etiough'fora Bailor, If nautical men had' been taken into con sideration when this here airth oame bloom ing uo into life out of nothen at all, I allow they'd have .heeu treated as tbe peaoook ia, eyes enough tp sleep with and keep; a look out with at the same. time ; eyes for the helad aud eyes for the stsrn ;. eves like, yours aVid mine for. fine weather, and eyea like d proper ship's glasses when it dr&weft; up. thick.' ' That! a about it, sir,' said the othor, 'only you'd neqd to have eyes fixed where a man ,ooqld use 'em when, he waB dressed. Sight -.'ad .be of little use, fair or fouj, if a man had. to, blind it every .time he put on hie clothee.' Weeks had, reason to grambta, because those days, of Channel thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the oolqcnor the.wet, nor. tbe head wind ; it viae having.. to be, up arid down all the time, seeing,- that. everything was right, that the look-out was alive and keen, and ao lorth. He hadn't the shadow of a doubt that Mr, Stone was tq be trusted up:to tho hilt, tiut the man was old, as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wauted watch ing, at all eveuts till the sky showed the road clear ; not because, the spirit in perfection wasn't in Stone, but because tho llsBb that had been soaked for years aud years in briny water might, now that it had, been. brought back to the . old element, decline to prove -particularly willing; Thefreiter, was but a little craft-7-uinety tons; larger in those days than ahowonld bethought now, but small ail the samo;. and offering a hull which a tall; lumpish East or West Indiaman, or a massive frigate, French or English, or big warship jot any nation, with bows like a.cliff, thundering up Channel, or scratching north or south bn a . bowline, would run down' without feeling- more than a '.thud,' just enough to make the look-out peer over the rail and wonder whether it could have been a baulk oi timber or a buoy. Now and again a dingy Bort of smudge would show, out to port or starboard, and if the schooner was beading that way the blotch would take the Bhape and substance of a smack, ' perhaps, or a groaning old Sanderland pink bound to a Frenoh port, or a rakish Yankee brig eteering for London river, driving with si curtsey oat of the foldB of vapour intd open Space, more like a toy. than a real vessel, with her ootton-white, canvas, akyatil poles, White netting round her short pobp, arid1 the metal under her counter gleaming ab though a glare of sun shine touched its. wethesB, when after a saucy frisk or two she swung into the mist and faded out. But most of the craft the Golden Hope phased id that dreary, drizzling bitterly cold and blowing time were just phantoms, o'ozings of Shadows which never took shape, iiet plentiful enbngh'to make the daylight — not to Speak of the long hours Of darkaesa— formidable'; and a blessed hour was that when oh the eVO of a change of weather, Stone'ei and Week's notes, each, with a crystal at ' the'' end of it, met close in. tne light of the, binnacle, in the delight the men took to dote' that the Wind hid veered with a' sadden leap' to thd eastward of eoutli, and rh it the Golden Hope might at last he headed west by north half horth, with the strong breeze that had been baffling her for five days now abaft tne beam. Chatter VII. —Good' Headway. ' Fortescue had no'idea of the change in th-. Weather until' he came on deck, though be might have noticed a bluish' brightne-s on his soutcle, .flashing off the dancing w-ttr, The wind nad Vs'erfed' fit hiidiiight, and what the clergyman. saw when' he emerged through the companion; was no longer thickness, and drizzle, and streaming , deuks, and small- canvas dark with damp, bat . a heaven of aaure, with many mountainous clouds white as wool, one fold towering above another with fragments of rainbow dissolving on their eastern. Bkirti.; clouds so nohle and raajeatlo, so. Bnow-like in their brilliant brows, so fitted -as foils for. the prisma' io glories of the sun-lit. iceberg that it was; as wonderful to, mark them sailfng up out of -the south (where in March one fancies all toe , warmth lies) inBtead of down from the Ardtio : regions, as it . was delightful to plange the fancy into, their soft depths, to .observe summits, aud brows; and eminences, . tbe our of hills. . the . defiles and ravines , and sears, all as solid to the eye as thesubsthn-t tial land, yet presently, to melt and. disappear: like a whiff of tobacco , eraoke. These va< bodies of vapour filled tbe eea with their shadows; the water had not yet taken the azure of the, fatbomleea deep, bnt the deli cate green might well have passed for a faint blue, and the sua. shining almost astern of the schooner '.would, from the edge of eVer cloud that swept athwart bim, fling a daizle over the vessel's bows and transmute into silver the surges which rau aoross tbe path of her stem . Fortesoue. stood gazing round htm and aloft, lost -in amazement that was a kind of transport, too. ,'i'he Inst time he had seen.the Golden Hope, ehe was a soaked -and strug gling vessel, -and now — ifrom the fl ting jib- boom end. to the end of the mainboom, from the foretopgallant yard to the gaffcopiail, Bhe was literally a tower of canvaq. Tbe men had got the stunsail booms on the yards at daybreak. . and .the sails were, set— topmast and' topgallant ktun'sfiilB-So that the yards being braoed' in and ydt inclined upwards bv the vessel's heel to the beam wind, she looked to windward tribe carrying snoh a weight and stretch of cloths as made Fortesoue wonder they did not' ove/set tbe slender fabric that raced beneath them The fresh breeze Was bitterly oold, but the flying sunshine put auch joy into it 'that you thought of nothing but the health of its frosty kissing ; and it was joyous still when the deep bosomed clouds emote the sun and threw their Bhadows uprin tne soh'ooner; for the whirling beams of the luminary thus eclipsed Were sure to keep the waters flashing nhoad, find before thfe obscuration had time to makeits dimness felt the Golden Hope had rushed into the lighted enrges again, Hinging the spray aft as far as' toe gangway, as though showing' her triumph and exultation in the beneficent splendour that shone upon her puce mare, and breaking from waterway -to topmast-head into a whiteness of canvas that rivfilled the glittering fleeciness . of the va porous folds whioh had momentarily darkened her beauty. To appreciate the amazing spread of oloths a friiiter'of those days extended to the wind it wbuld he necessary to see a paintingof suoh'a vessel. It is doubtful i' there be any yaoht of the present day that approaches thofce schooners in' spread and height of canvas. - -it was not only their immense tnednsails, and their, long-headed uaff topsails; \- -- — - w' j i.a.aa.j,; their Ula vopuiaao .ayuyuai,. uug ,s,.»i ..vouii. with a -bowsprit, and jibboomt carrying two .and sometimes, throe jibs and a stayforesail, yon bad a pile of 'square canvas to b oot, top gallant aud .topsails with, long booms tor stuusails and a vast eqaaresait, extended- by toe goose-necked boom,- the extremity, ot wbiou confined, wbeu set, tho : inverted apex,- eo. to: speak, of a triangular-shaped' lower stuusail, - the head of it extended by the: whole length of the. topmast-Btansall boom. It may be easily- supposed, therefore, that the beautifully-moulded hulle of the vessfils built, expreesly for speed, would be driven with .astonishing swiftness by the great height, and breadth of sails they expanded, aud that for elegance, rig, shapeliness, and a- soore.of otfier. points which a sailor's eye would love to dwell upon, they were more admired iu their time than any other kind of vessel then afloat, whilst even to this day .they -are . recalled . by old seafarers as the handsomest and most weatherly craft ever sailed by Englishmen ; superior, indeed, in all respects, fo eveu the famous B iltimore clippers. ' If . ever Forteaoue could have doubted Stone's judgment, in recommending him to jurohaae or hire one of the swiftest and most leaqtiful of these , vessels, as the Golden Hope ' nnquestionafily was, every misgiving must )iave bBea extinguishad wheu ho quitted the i companion and. .stepped- over to the quarter whore the mate wae standing. Tha matq had jnat.finiBhed setting the lower Btiin- sail. so that thO( schooner had- nearly evfiry cloth Bhe oarried hoisted, and. you would notiqq a sort of expeataut cariosity in the looks of the watch when,- everything being belaypd, -they gazed over .the aide or sent their glances; aloft, as .if the moment for .testing the clipper's heels hod'arrived, and' it , was now to be seen what she. could do under fairly, ifavoqr'able. circumstances. . ..'.Here it is at.lsst, sir,' eaid Stone, touch ing hiq cap. tp the clergyman. ' Not only a fair wind, as it is called aehore, but fino weather ; almost beautiful, indeed,- for1 I don't know that I svor saw wonderfuller clouds. ' i ' It, does hot come too soon, Mr. Stone,' exclaimed Fortescue, feeling all tbe freshness add glory. of tbe, eoengl-.in, bis heart, though the old.sailor noticed, with a aide-peep of cotn- passion.bqw, pale the curate's - aheeks. showed n the penetrating silver splendour that tfias then ahqweriDg down from a light-blue rift, and bow wild and yet-sad likewise the-bfil liauce that his large' dark eyes took from the darting gleams; made his eager, handsome, attenuated . face appear. ' Why one feels' to be ilytiigon the baclf of some great sea fowl through, tbe air, instead of being on the deck of a vessel,' Re- raised his eyes to the immense Bhow1 ot canvas frpiq whioh as he watched, ; in the space of a, breath.. almost, the- shining of the early sun llished out of every eatin-like hollow iqto tbe leeward water, over whose smooth-baoked surges it raced in a sheet of silver, whilst the auhoouer turned grey iu the cloud-shadow, . 1 ' I'm -not going to say, Mr. Fortescue,' B&id; Stone, gravely, ! that there's p'o sea birds! as couldn't fly faster than we're agoing ; but I'd like to lay a wager that f, this here bretzs keot all on blowing till we was done with! it, there's ne'er a sea bird as, the Golden Hope wouldn't wear, out and overhaul and !be too far ahead to be cotohed again by him when be was ready to make sail afresh, Eb, Bill?' I This was addressed to William Breeches, able seaman, who was steering. For in the fruiter, as in the coaster, we must not look for the quarter-deck etiquette of big ships, inasmuch as. Jack was .as good, as his master in Bach craft, and sometimes better, though., of course, orders were obeyed as smartly ana work done as dutifully ae if the discipline was that of a man-of-war, i ' There's only one fowl,' answered Breeches, talking'with hie head turned from thoBo he addressed, true to the Bailor's peculiarity of appearing to notice everything but the man he converses .with, and .to find everything interesting but what he's saying : ' ther's only one fowl, Mr. Stone; aal'ud ever thtak'oi trying to beat the vessel by flying; and that s a bird found Bouth o' the eqnator,- commonly called- Boo by.' ' - ' i . As Mr. Fortesone- had never heard of such a'bird; he supposed1 that 'Breeches meant a joke, and sought his eye that he might tewdrd him with :a smile,'1 but- the' sailor bud Ap parently forgotten that he 'had spoken, a'od with his' gaze levelled steadily "at the schooner's head was grasping the tiller rripe with an expression on his face that Couldn't, have been severer bad he been arghlrig' with a orimp. Mr. Stone, noticing the admiration ln! Mr. Fortescue'e face us he leuned 'against the bulwark, rdnning his eyes from the white heights, to the sea aud baok Again, ahd' then around the horizon, out of which the CloridB were slowly soaring like huge, mountainous, snow-clad irlunde, would not breaa in upbn biih ; being too well pleased that the olergy man should take his fill of the beanty of the voasel ; - for the old sailor waa intimately con cerned in the selection of her, and hri had hie share of vanity. Indeed, Fortesoue was' glad of the privilege of- being able to) look wichdut having- to converse, So far as the actual passage to the island- went, the main pleasure he would be able to derive from it muetlie'in its rapidity. There coold be no beauty of sea or sky, no silver ahiuing of sunrise, no ruby splendour of sunset, chat would fill him witlq weariness and despondency if the couditi-ins of the spectacle were to be stagnant water und an idle hull. His intellectual hunger aud thirdt, the craving of every imaginable instinct in him, , was to sight the island — to spring ashore— and in Agatha's death or in her life, in her existence, or in the Bolitu'de ot the rock, to learn if the issue of hiB dream, so promising with its presentment of her figure, pleading and inviting, was to prove no more than the shadow And phantasy Mr. Clayton deemed it.- Therefore; what best delight the: eea could hold for ,him be felt this morning as be watched the spring of tbe buoyant aud befiutiful fabric, fro in the slant ot. one. dickering surge ,tp the foaming brow of. another, flinging', frorn ber ebarp bows the epray, whioh wae like a qhower of diamonds, when tho clouds obscured the sun, but which, became a rainbow whenever the lumind-'y flashed down again npon toe leaping scnooher that was soMy arid rhythmically swaying her lofty heights of canvas to the regular rim of the eea ; so that with tho eaa crawling to the southward; the hurrying pencillingd of shade in the deep bosoms, of the sails ; the swift, waitings of s'dch dlmneas fie the Interposition of a water leech, or the angle of the maBts would dash upon the swollen cloths, made the full fabric leaning towards the north, wi h mastheads like golden Spires, wherever the blue opened tor tbeih to ebow against, appear to the eye of Fiirteache aa if the surface np- reared by the spars wero mother o' pearl. But it was'the eicbilarAtioh of hope doming out of the pace; the tiiriught that the Indian Ocean was a nf'easdr.k ale thing, not tho li toil less. untrustworthy 'u'hey it used1 to be:at Wyloe, thai pat a glitter iti'o the yodng nler'gyman's byes whfed he brought them a'ifiay from the Biiiehe azare'rilts among tbe clorids,, and watched the meiry sparkling throbbing of water tn leeward, aud the delightful beavtng and hurling aud 'shearing dance ol the Golden, Hops, that was indeed like eome living feathered cteature, fresh to liberty and an-, able to make' enough of its wings, of the height of the eky dker it. of the mighty free dom of the'deep aroarid it, and bf theglo'tlbus masi'o of the cleir strohg wiud, to whose 'melbaies' fill about h'er, toe sails added a stirriug roll as of drums. 'j.he meq'hud long before washed the docks down, tbe wind had dried the planks, aiid they glistened like sAttd ; in eve'ty bit of polished brasswo'rk or smooth, surface to ' give biok light, rdse- coloured stars flashed and faded, sparkled And sped with the deovfi'mehts of the Bchodtier and the sailing 6f the sun ; from the chimney of the litfle caboose the smoke of the gallery lire streamed into the holluws of the gaff, fore-sail ; the c.'efr. were preparing to 'get their bfeakfaat ; some ducks and hens a-bid- ships quacked find cackled. It wae a picture of homely sea life enaobled by the airy beauty in and bver it— a beauty (lowing us sunlight, musical As the wind, pure as the uzure rifts, glad as tho luminous washing' wutsrS, find majestic as 'the vaporous mountains which enriched the hofivoos. Fortescue'e gaze met Stone's ; tho old sailor smiled. T She don't disappoint yo, I hope, air ?' he eaid, ' No, indeed ;her speed seems magnificent. What is 'it, should you shy?' Mr. Stone gave a cafbless look to wind ward, then fi half-glanoa to leeward. 'Ten knots, sir, riothe'n uhder,; what dy'e suy, Bill?' Breeches eased himself ofl the tiller rope a bit to take A glance Astern at the wake; then with his former air of appeariug lost in think ing of everything but his answer, eaid, ' Nearer, elevon I should eay.' ' It can easily be settled,' exclaimed Stone. ' Forward there. 1 lay Aft a couple of yoa, my lad, and heave the log ' Two 'of them arrived ; Harry Sawyer, a good sample of a Bailor, with long arms fit to reach out with, and fiugore like fishhorike, aud long legs for cllmbiDg rigging without ratliuess or for joekeying ayardarm ; and Joe Hall, an ordiuary seaman, a nimblo little fellow of about two and twenty, with grinning eyes, rough hai, so.pliaut and bonelesB'in, ; hia -postures, that he . was more like an 'eel than a man. He held the log reel, Sawyer the glass, and Stone hov« the-cbip overboard, -fii- --OyrwBCtio noala Lupxao, un 1 L opuu, and -watohed Sawyer's eyes -meeting in 'a, squiut in the . sand glass as he held it .agfitbs) the sky, whilst Stone helped the chip, by a SpU aow-.aqdjtheir at. the line thai made little oe Hall Bway atain. ,' Sioo.l' bawled Sawyer : and.stop.it wap,. with what seemed to. Mr., .Fortescue- to be, half , a -mile : of line, tojiig astern, ,. Stone groped , for, the .knots. , '-Nearer eleven than ten, sir,' said be, with A face full of wonder and triumph, 1 by! all that's-—' He .checked himself in the ireeenoo of the clergyman, and added, ' Sie ; lore's the mark for the- half ; and there's another quarter oat as well. Ten and throe quarters. . , 1 Ay,', said Breeches, turning his baok to eay- it, .! and if you wis to allow another qqaytbr for, the drag, mate, you'd be nearer tbo mark yet.' \- Captain Hiram Weoksatthis point stepped on deck, red-eyed frim a nap, and looking peouliarly gaunt, and sallow, and hollow, and nng in the bright morning lignt. He saluted Mr. Fortescue, and instantly said, ' What's she doing, Mr. Stone?' 'Ton and three quarters by the log, but all eleven, as. Bill here gays, allowin' for the drag, sir,' , ' ' ' Let-'enj.talk of steam after this, !Mr. For tesoue, said Hirain, coming to tho weather quarter with, a stride ; and with -protruding eyes full of Bbarp sailorly intelligence, he overhauled the extent of canvas aud the trim of everything aloft in a, flash, aa it were, so fast did he take it all. in ; and; thou after wards, with.the pleased expression the facd of any eea captain will take when the wind! IS of the right kind and all things olse as- they should: be, he cast his. gazs around the horizon.' . . I ' Hiilo I' oaid ho. 1 A sail ahead there, Mr, Stone.'1 ,, Fortescue!' who- had been watching' tho tedious 'operation', of reeling in-th'o logline, looked in the direction indicated by tho akippef,' and bbaerved a tiny star-coloured bb- ject-hovorlng like the- tip of a swan's wing upbn the' diOo-, - welterihg: blue- of !-the hfia, about apoint and a quarter on the Weather boW; ' She was-sighted At dawn/bat Bhe'e growjed bigger since;'' eaid' Mr.1 Stouej with 'a'-com- placency that fbr'some momeuts puzzled Mr. Fortescue,! who said— - ' ' A sail 1 . Ib. that a ship?' ' ' Ay, air,' answeye.d. Bfram, going to.' the companion'; , a ship according to , law, be cause it'a evident alio ain't propelled by oars. -Bat whether, she's a ship apcqrding.to sailors, or only fi brig', or a ncfioqnor, .(here's 'no telling for d bit bilt only, for a bit, "sir, for we're oatchi'ng her up fast enough t0 sAtijify the impatience of fi lady who's got to open a hundbox afore she can tell how what's inside it'll become' her.' Saying which ho smiled gauntly, up at Fortescue : and bawled iu a hoarse note to ' Johnny' to bring him hiB glass. When the telescope arrived and was levelled, the gleaming object ahead proved to be the royals and topgallant . sails of : what the Bkippereaid was a big ship ; 'Steering the same coarse as ourselves,' said Captain Hiram. ' A frigate, -maybe, bound to the Mediterranean; or what's more like, -a tea- waggon going, our road to tbe Hindies. - But whatever she may prove to be,.th' Hope, Mr. Fortescue, ain't, 'going to let ber remaiii a. mystery long,' and a mute - would Hdve j amiled to hear the; bray-like laugh this loogj lean, lank aud leather fellow, gave ae 'he. rolled bis eyes all over the echobner and chafed his hands, as If he were working tq get the stains qf tar qut ' They went to-breakfast; a snug little niOal, for Mr. Salt, who was aa ol I hartd at pro visioning ships,- had so" stocked the Gulden Hope, that there was little Fortesoue could not get by1 asking, if except appetite, tho relish that is more nften found at sea than carried there. His spirits were bettor than he remembered thbfn for months. The piice of the schooner, the bright morning, the gladness of the- sweet -and - frothing ahd swelling ocean ooming- into him, had givjen him a lightness of heart. - Things seemed clearer to him Also; The purpose of his voyage, its inspiration, its prospeots ; he felt a power of -reklising things- more closely, yet of diffusing his mind, too, as though a mental mist that had hidden everything hut Agatha and what her name implied, had thinned ; thereby not only offering him a clearer pre sentment of motive and mission, but a sight of -other things aB1 well; - > ' This' perhaps ' Alight ' have been evident- in the increased attention be; gave to Captain 'Weeks b remarks and appearance, and in the fancies which' possessed hiin' teaching the contrast between hia life at Wyloe arid this. Conld Mri Clayton biR see him now! how Uttotly vanished, indeed, how utterly extin guished, by the ' liquid girdle of the deep, trtoso curtseying women, those grinning sun burnt countrymen, those apple fuced habios, thoBe bedridden croriOe, those rows of Sunday dressed fignres be was wont to exhort ! 0 Time, old Time I whilst the wings and tho scythe are thine, Who in his BeriiOB will defliii that the age of miracles is over? The wand has been waved ; and lo ! instead of a funeral, a sick parishioner, a congregation, a confirm a- tion class — here was Hiram Weeks with hiB legs stuck out like a pair of open compasseB, staring with eyea magnified by protrusion! at every mouthful he held up on bis fork, hiB leathern jaws busy with tulk and' maBtica- tion ;- here was a tossing interior swiftly con veying the clergyman over miles of water even as be Bat breakfasting, wi'h a glassy depth of hnndreds of fathoms— for they were off ' soundings' — betwixt the heel that kept him ofl-iat and the bottom, Whilst God knows \- what queer- fish were looking up with the -wall-eye -of the cod or the fiat squint of the dab ot the ruddy Bheathing of the Golden Hope tl ibhing cornet Ilka through the liqrild firmament that overhangs those hills and valleys of- the deep, epoe whioh 'are stretvn grass-covered wrecks and the green skeletons of sailors. The sail ahead was going to furnish some excitement. By ooen they had risen her, to her ooorses, when Bhe was clearly,, made oat to be a large vessel under plain Bail; but -by the time the siorn of her showed hlsck like 0 bio; of ink under her ootton-white canvas with the lift of the eea. .Mr, Stone, who had been watching her with attention from anxiety (as Mr. Fortescue saw. after a little) that ehe might Berve to illustrate the Bchooner's going power, suddenly sang out whilst be'kept his eye at tho telescope— i 1 There goea his foretopm'st etnn'sail I By. the Lord Harry, skipper, they've took notice of us at last, and mean to make A raoe of It was evidently what the old fellow hoped and wanted, for he- toppled about with bx- oitemsnt, whilst he thrust the glass- into Mr.. Fortescue'e hands and begged him to see for himself. What a foretopmast stun'sail was the clergyman bad- not the least -idea ; and if Mr. Stone had told him that tho stranger, ahead had set his living jib shaft the spanker he would, in alt probability, have simply said, ' Really 1' 8atitw.tsnothard|for him toperceive after a little manceuvriug with the glass that the ship was a perfect pyramid ol canvas, a Bhining outline against the piebald sky that way ; and evdri as he gazed he observed an extension of her nails Pa the weather side, whioh when he oalled Captain- Works's atten tion to it, oaused the skipper to yell out ' Mr. Stone I Mr, Stone! all larboard stun'seils us I'm a live mail, from the royal yardatmtn tho swinging boom 1 A emart ship, Mr. For tescue, a smart ehip, sir ! Why,- God bless my soul arid body 1 to think riow of gear and canvas 'whipped aloft pretty nigh as fast as a man can natch them doing of it'! - You SAW how the contest of speed that bad now preo'ioally begun was exciting the men. Who, at work on tho jobs which are as end less as a sailor's growling, peered and stated ahead and dodged whatever wAs In their Way, to get a look : whilet the eohooner enotea through it., making one long steady, seething plunge after another till the crowded water under her figure head roee in milk to the forecastle rail ; qntil after dinner, 2 o'clock, it wus just the breeze for her, a good cap full fit to let her exhibit alt she had for an occa sion of this kind, though more was on her than' she needed for sober sailing. The clouds were then blowing along in AmAllor masses, and if here and there one rase slow and ponderous the skirts of it were rent bre it had fairly lifted, and drove fast ahead in patches. Also there was a windy dimnoee in the euneiiiue, and the greenish hoe or.tho eea hud- darkened into a hard wintry olive, with a quicker melting bf the heads of tho Burgee,1 A swifter run of them, And a swarm ing- of ' yeasty looking staff in the troughB. But at times n puff would aing with a shrill edge id it ; it was as though the weather could not make up its mind ; and ot suoh momenta every brace and guy, every shdet, tack, shroud, end backstay was a screwed- up fiddle-string for the wind to screech upon. (TO SB COSTIKUID.) 