Mr. Gladstone and London Liberals (Times, August 4th.) CONTINUED. Lord Hartington-I think very much to his credit-has spoken of the hope which h« cherishes that at a future time the Liberal parly may be again found, co- operating in its integrity for Liberal designs. There is a kind, gentlemen notwithstanding the present darkness-* there is a kind of Liberal millennium pointed oat to us as looming upon the horizon.. There is a light alieadj ap pearing. but unfortunately it is alight too distant for the world in which we are actually moving to facilitate onr movements or even to cheer crur spirits gteatly. {Hear bear.) However do not suppose that for one instant I would make light of such a prospect (Hear, hear.) 1 hope with all my heart that it may be realized. (Hear, hear.) I know the sincerity of Lord Harting ton'a mind and character, and I am quite sure he never would speak of such a thing if it were not in obedience to tiie dictates of his heart and conscience. (Hear, hear.) And, gentlemen, with respect to Mr. Chamberlain. (Hisses and cries of " Order.") X think you will agree in what I am about to say. I thiuk that with respect to Mr. Cham berlain, although it is possible that he may have a certain enjoyment in the cushioned case of that society in which he now mixes with satisfaction (cheers and laughter), and which exhibits a very just appreciation of hu remarkable talents (renewed laughter) they are most remarkable talents-yet I very much doubt whether Mr. Chamberlain will be able-a young man, I am glad to say, with probably 20 or 30 years before him-and I grratly doubt whether in those 20 or 30 ye-»rs he will be able to find the means of a comfortable and satisfactory domicile among those " who toil not, neither do tbey spin ' (Loud cheers and laughter.) I by no means put aside or lightly esteem this prospect of future Liberal anion and co-opeiation- . But I point out to you -while I c«y " AU hail!" to the pros pect and earnestly desire an early advent of the time-1 poinc out to you at the same time that you have got something to do, some business to dis pose of. before yon will be in a position to reap the rich harvest of blessings thus dangled before your eyes. (Cheers.) The present position does not admit of being misunderstood. I have told you that nothing in my opinion could he more fair, more unbiased, and more satisfactory than the conduct through out the country of those Liberals who at die last election either withheld their votes from us or opposed us. (Hear, hear.) But with respect to the gentlemen within the walls of the Honse of Commons, and with respect to the future-with regard to which I retain all my hopes-but with respect to the present, there is no mistaking the plain, simple facts. They are a wing of the Tory army. (Cheers.) Thny are more than a wing of the Tory army. I tell yon this in the plainest way. If, instead of those 70 dissen tient Liberals there had been in the House of Commons 70 more Tories, the Toiy Goverment never would have ventured to propose and cany through the propositions that have made the history of this present session disas trously memorable. (Load cheers.) It is the Liberal credit, the ghost o£ Liberal reputations, that has enabled them to do those things under cover of a shadowy Liberalism which nnder the rule of naked Toryism they never would have ventured to do. (Cheers.) It was only natural that those who a year ago could not approve of the Home Itule Bill should say with regard to the Dis sentient Liberals, these are good sound Liberals who will be Liberal* on everything but Home Bale. That was a natural expectation, but it has been completely dis appointed by experience because those gentlemen have honestly and con sistently considered their views on the subject of Borne Sale to be of such inestimable importance and such un doubted truth that everything else has been given up to them. The Dis sentient Liberals are indeed for the present that portion of our foes that we have most reason to take account bf. (Laughter.) I am simply making my self the echo of their sentiments. It is not a matter of controversy. There is no doubt that Lord Hartington recom mended the Liberals of Spalding to vote for the Tory candidate. I understand it to be equally certain that Mr. Cham berlain desired the dissentient Liberals of Coventry to vote for the Tory candidate. I do not sBy that the liberals at Spalding and Coventry followed that advise (laughter), but this only serves to illustrate the great dis tinction to be drawn between the Dis sentient Liberals in the House of Commons and dissentient Liberals in the country. (Hear, hear.) But there is yet another utterance of Lord Hart ington to which I desire to allude. £t is understood that when the Chan cellor of the Exchequer was induced, nnder some baneful star (laughter), to take office, Lord Hartington was invited to also join the Government. Bat he said, "No; I can do more for you sitting where I am among the liberal party than I can do by crossing the House and joining you." What does doing more good to the Tory Govern ment by sitting among the Liberal party mean except doing more mis chief to the Liberal party. (Cheers.) It appears to me that interpretation is the correlative of the other and ab solutely inseparable from it, so that you must understand when you go into the House of Commons if you hare a close and accurate knowledge of the personnel of the Opposition side above the gang way, and jf you see the beautiful plum pudding style in which dissentient Liberals ate scattered all over it (laughter)-among those whom we call the liberal party-you will be told, and yon will ask yourselves why is this p Such a deviation from the old practices of the House of Commons,' where the members of each party sat together will astonish you. ' [to be COXIIKUEDV 