THREE KISSES. CHAPTER 11. STAGSDEAN CHASE. By CLAVERLEY. Author of " The Secret of Arnsdale," " All for Love," " By-and- Bye," "For Love Alone," "The Legend of GIenpeau," &c.;, &c.; The ancestral home of the Berners was a grand old pile, built of the substantial and time-enduring masonry of the Norman period. Half castle and half convent it seemed to be. :•.::> in its vast and spacious corridors, and large, imposing-looking apartments, one could still fancy that presently would appear, in phantom-like forms, the trains of pious nuns proceeding from room to room in their daily avocations, ot iu long msditntiag procession passing slowly to and from the chapel at vespers and morning song. Its massive gateway was still standing in perfect uniformity with its high gabled doorway and POINTED^ and pillared Gothic windows on either side; and away behind lay the long lines of windows, into which the sun peeped in golden beams by day, and the moon shed her soft lustre by night—the same as in days of yore. The moat, for safety, and the drawbridge for ingress or egress hail once formed one of its things of necessity ; but these were long since past and gone, andlthe|channel wherein the dark dank waters nsed to confine themselves was filled up and planted with the ornamental flower parterres for which the Chase WAS deservedly famous for many miles around. The outside of the Chase was not more modernized than the interior, for many of the old rooms had been so thoroughly altered that one conld scarcely realize that they were patually bnilt into and part of such an old CLE; for, looking round apan them, oae was led to fancy that they were the apartmentB in some Venetian villa or Parisian bijou residence that had suddenly, as if by magic, made their appearance. Yet, for all theae light and airy accessories of modern taste and art, the old mansion was in itself a thing of the past, and nothing could divest it of its belongings in this respect. It had its tales—full many of them too— that breathed of heroic deeds both in the battle-field and in home life—of brave men who had suffered, and who had won great victories; of women—beautiful women, too —fair women, brown-haired women, bronzehaired women, and women of every con: ceivable complexion, and every coloured eye, who had been brave, good, bad, and indifferent, like we find them in the world's history from all ages downward, even from Eve, who plucked the fatal apple, unto the women of to day. "History repeats itself," is a true saying. The apples are plncked in all ages, and they also remain upon the bough; and plncked or nnplucked they do their work. So it was in the Bernere family; and in the long picture gallery, where the portraits of the race looked down from their massive gilt frames, the tales were still told of their various EXPLOITS—yes, though they had so long passed away, the legends of their deeds of weal or woe were still related of them. Wild, Strange, and unreal tales, too, were some df these; that while looking np at the pontinjg, parted sweet lips of some of the fairest of our common mother's daughters, the listener .conld scarcely suppress an exclamation of disbelief and abhorrence at the tales of wickedness told.of them, or, on the other hand, Could 'scarcely realize the depths of love that swayed-IN .some of those women's hearts^ that could have guided them through such daring and self-sacrificing deeds for their loved ones' sakes. Bat the ages of war and bloodshed are over in this our land, and in place of the guard and store rooms and other necessities of past agesj there appeared the vast well-filled conservatories of modern taste, and in them, amongst the wealth of. tropical foliage, were artistic fountains throwing op their glistening, dancing waters from out of their marble basins. Stilly in some of the old, far-away passages, and the wings of the house that were seldom opened, the spirits of the dead were said still in troubled silence to walk the spots whereon their ill-deeds had been enacted so many years before. Into these parts of the Chase the servants of the household seldom ventured, and it required immense persuasion to compel them to go there after nightfall, or on oertain days, for there were still about the old place those who affirmed that they had heard the shrieks of the injured ones, and had seen the spectral forms moving about. Such, then, was the home of Eva Berners; and in her bright, pleasant life, living in the imhannted portion of the old Chase, she troubled heraelf little about the ghosts of her womankiBd, who were still disposed to take an interest in what was going forward in the home that was once theirs, so long after they had vacated its precincts for shadowland. CHAPTER III. FAMILY ARRANGEMENTS. Yes, ft little, fair, blue-eyed, lively girl was Eva Berners—A girl with no great depth of character, but living her life happily, and enjoying to their fullest extent the good gifts with which nature had been pleased to endow her. Her cousin, on the contrary, was tall, alight, and dark—A girl with deep-set expressive eyes that gleamed and flashed, dilated, or new dewy-like with every diversity of feeling. Eva Berners was engaged to Captain Challerton. Mr. Berners and Major Challerton had been great "chums" at Eton, and their friendship had sever subsided until death took the major to a world where all intercourse with this our sphere terminates. Both men had married young, and both had lost their wives. Mr. Berners had had other children, bat these had died in infancy, leaving bim but the one—Eva—upon whom he lavished all the love of his heart. Major Challerton had been blessed with but one child, a boy, Archibald by name, who at the time my story opens had grown into man's estate, and was enjoying the title and position of captain in the Royal Engi- neers. Thus it was that one man possessing a daughter, and the other a son, the two old friends arranged a marriage between their children that should perpetuate their friendship for ever. Eva and Archie were always brought up to imagine that in the end they were to marry. and as they had been led to believe in this climax of things as much as recognising that they would some day arrive at man's or woman's estate, they took it all for _ granted, and as much an unalterable decision upon the parts of their respective parents as *' the law of the Medes and Persians that altereth not." SO Archie came and went at the Chase during his school and College days, and the two young people got on capitally together. There were no eqoabbles—no little differences. or lcve- quarrels, and the necessary making up of the same; they never had any scenes at all—their lives together were placid and serene. They concluded that they belonged to each other, and. that there was an end of it. They were neither of them ever one bit jealous, for there was no one to share the attention of either, and thereby produce jealousies. And thuB, then, all had gone on placidly and satisfactorily until this shooting season, when the house, as usual, was well filled with Mr. Berners' friends, for the master of the Chase was a real sportsman, and liked congenial spirits; and amongst them always appeared Archie Challerton, and upon this special occasion his brother officer Reginald Goulding. WELLS' HAIE BALSAM.—If grey, restores to original colour. An elegant dressing, eoftens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A tonic restorative. Stops hair coming ont; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. 2zk tar An unsolicited testimonial state* that |f0 Warts hire been thoroughly removed from the bands of a Gentleman and hi* Son by " White's Cariain dure." Numbers have been cored, and tnany hare obtained relief from this now celebrated remedy for Corns and Warts. Prepared only by 3. White, Chemist, Kent Town. Price, Is. Bd., ot CtaembU and Storekeepers; per Post, li. 4d. OTmwfcvd 