THE NOVELIST. SABINA ZEMBRA. BY WILLIAM BLACK, Author o! "Macleod of Dare," " A Princess of Thule," Ac. CHAPTER Xm. REPENTANCE. It is hardly to be imagined that a beautiful and healthy young woman should have ; attained to the age of five end-twenty with out experienciug, at some time or other, .and especially in her earlier years, certain tender preferences for members of the opposite sez; but these love-fancies, if they may be so called, had in Sabina's case been quickly absorbed in the cares and active interests of ! a particularly busy existence. Her character was robust tand independent; she had little time for sentimental musings. Marriage had never entered into her scheme of life. Then she had seen one after another of her com {tanions retire into the realm of matronhood, eaving her pretty much alone; and she had to deal with an ever-increasing amount of ; business about training-ships, convalescent homes, philanthropic societies, and the like; and it is quite probable, as Mrs. Wygram maintained, that these ooonpations of hen. and the almost maternal authority she had frequently to exercise In the households of the poor and sickly and indigent, had taught J ■acertain brusqueness and directness of her i _ manner, as of one who was too much en gaged with the practioal needs of the world around her to pay much attention to the refinements of etiquette. But when Mrs. Wvgram plainly accused her of being a down right fiirt Sabina was entirely startled out of her self-oomplaoency; and when, closely following upon that, Mr. Foster made her an indirect offer of marriage, thereby incurring pain and mortification of a refusal, there waB no end to her self - reproach. It was true, then, that she had acted with an indiscretion visible to all onlookers! It was true that she had encouraged him to believe she was willing to he his wife ? What would he think of ner? What would his mother think of her ? She recalled the patient and gentle grace and dignity of the old lady, the evident and affectionate hope that was in all her words and looks; her promises of kind ness ; and ehe could imagine the mother going back to the son and breaking the truth to him in her delicately considerate fashion. Well, there was one woman who had never deceived him. ' The only son of hiB mother,' he would at least retain his faith in her—the faith that he was so openly proud of. And he would forget that he had ever been trifled with by a flirt. Now Sabina never did a more foolish thing in her life than when Bhe came away from Brighton. Had she remained there her remorse and self-abasement would have been largely mitigated. She would have dis covered that Mr. Foster's grief over his dis appointment was not of a crushing nature. 'He was annoyed, it is true; but he was annoyed chiefly by the grumblings of his father, who considered that he had been dragged away hither on a fool's errand. Mr. Fred Foster was of a cheerful temperament; despondency was not much in his way, " We haven't pulled it off this time, mother," said he, " but wait till you see me on my legs again. You could hardly expect a high-stepper like that to get matched with a broken-down old cripple in a paddock," " If I live to see you married to a girl like Miss Zembra, Freddie," said the gentle mother, "I shall be happy. A girl like that wonld have a good influence over you; you would give up your wild life. And I am sure your father and I would be glad to let you have the old houBe; we could do very well at Crookfield." " lion need not count on me. I should be no Buch fool," the elder Mr. l'OBtar remarked, with eome point. Mr. Fred Foster chose to ignore this chance observation. "Oh, don't yon make any mistake, mother; Miss Zembra isn't a prig at all. She is just as fond of fun as anybody; only she has never had a chance. Why, she herself told me how well she liked looking on at some dancing there was at an artist-fellow's house —I forget the name—and she said it was quite fine to see a lot of young people—that's the way she talks, you know—romping about and dancing the Highland Schottische and enjoying themselves without restraint. Oh, there's nothing of the stuck-up school miss about her, I can assure you." " 1 do not think I should like to see Miss Zembra dancing the Highland Schottische," the old lady saidlouietly, " though I hardly know why." " No, no," said he, with a laugh, " nothing less dignified than the minuet in Ariadne. Well, I don't know that I should care to see her romping about either. But I'll tell you what I should like to see—I should like to see her drive a dog-cart up to Ascot Heath, two poDies tandem : wouldn't that be something like the thiDg'! And on the lawn, mother— just thiuk of her on the lawn—why, there isn't one of them would be in it with her! Think of herfigure—I tell you there's not one of the women would be in it with her—except, perhaps, Lady —, and she doesn't eo to race meetings anymore, since that thing happened. "" " iw, mother, I don't think Well, do you know, mother, I don't think you would grumble at a little extravagance— a good figure wants good style—and the fashions have to be paid for " "My dear," said the old lady, with the least touch of remonstrance in her placid voice, " you speak very confidently." "Oh," said be, lightly, "that is a fancy picture, you know. But I am not so sure it won't come off. Of coarse, I have received my snub, and must grin and bear it; but while there's life thereu hope," Sabina had bat little idea that he was ac cepting the situation in this cheerful frame of mind; and Bhe was alone in London; and she was very miserable. Forshehada vague conviction that some kind of calamity had occurred, for which she was mainly respon sible ; and her wrong-doiDg was none the Icbs distressing that it was so hard to define. She kept thinking and thinking over it; wonder ing what Mrs. Wygram was saying to Janie about it; hoping that Mr. Foster was not too deeply offended with her. Had she sent him sufficient aseuranoe of her sorrow over this hapless mistake? Would it not have been kinder if Bhe had seen him—to say a word of good-bv? And the beautiful ana gentle old lady who had asked her in so pleasing a way to beoome her daughter; ought she not to sit down and write to her and make some excuses for her running away ? Sabina was very buBy on these first days of her return to London; but she went about her duties with a preocoupied air. It struck even herself that she had less sell-confidence somehow in addressing people—even those best known to her, and most dependent on her. But she guessed that might be the effect of her long holiday; she had come back strange to her work; she hod not fallen into the way of it yet. Either Mrs, Wygram or her daughter wrote to their beloved Sabie every day. This, was professedly a medical report; but of course it contained all the new* of their uneventful life at the seaside. And itBeemed unaccount able to Sabina that neither of them should ever make the least mention of Mr. Foster. Why she wished to hear about him she did not ask herself; but each letter that came from Brighton she opened quickly, and each time there was an undefined feeling of dis appointment that never a word was said about him. About the mother and father she had heard; the old people had left a couple of days or so after her departure—Mrs. Foster calling at Regency-square and leaving some very afieotionate messages for Miss Zembra. But never the least allusion to the young man; and Sabina, though writing every other day, somehow did not choose to ask. The reason why Janie had nothing to say about Mr. Foster was simply this—She had learned from her mother what were his prin cipal haunts, and she took care that her mother and herself should keep away from these. They never went out to the end of the West Pier nor to the end of the Chain Pier, and they seldom went into the Old Steyne Enclosures or the Pavilion Gardens. For Janie's vague dislike for the young man had developed into something like hatred when she heard that he had attempted to carry off Sabina from them, and that attempt having been fortunately frustrated, she was resolved that it would not be through her mother and herself that any communications should be resumed. And she was delighted to see that Sabina never even mentioned his name. She had feared the worst from the curious interest that Sabina seemed to take in the character and fortunes of the stranger whom chance had thrown in her-way. But that was all over now. He had been sent about his business. Sabina was back in London, and sooner'or later Walter Lindsay would be calling in at Kensington- square to see Mr. Wygram. Brighton is a small place; Janie was caught at last. Her mother had lain down for a while after lunch; the daughter had come out for a bit of a stroll, and had wan dered down to the sea-front, where she took a seat on one of the benches. A passing Bath-chair was stopped for a moment just as it reached her. " 1 beg your pardon, Miss Wyram; bnt I'm afraid you've forgotten me?" She thonght it was an intolerable piece ef effrontery that he should speak to her, after what had happened, but she could not be positively rude. "How do you do, Mr. Foster?" she said, and she gave him her hand for a moment. " I hope yon are getting on well." " On, yes, very well," he said cheerfully. "I can move about a little now, indoors. I think the Derby week will see me on my legs again. And how is MiBs Zembra; I suppose you have heard from her?" And then it flashed upon her that he was assuming she knew nothing of what had occurred, for how else could be dare to talk about Sabina in this free-and- easy fashion? " Oh, yes. 1 bear from her frequently; she is very well, I believe. What a pleasant afternoon for going about!" If tbiB was not an intimation to him that he might move on she did not know what was. But he remained. " 1 have found it very different since she left," said he, with a rueful smile. " Very different indeed. I had no idea we had been such constant companions until she lett. Brighton BeemB quite deserted now. You Bee, you get into the habit of meeting people in a place like this, one day being juBt like the day before it; and you don't notice, perhaps, how much you are thrown together. But yon find out when they leave." " Yes?" said Janie—which was rather cold enoonragement. " And I'm awfully sorry she went away so hurriedly," he continued (and Janie wished be would not stare at her so uncompro misingly with his olear, bard, blue eyes). " I don t mind telling you there was a kind of—kind of—well, something happened that might have admitted of some explanation if only Bhe had not gone away so abruptly. I was awfully sorry—if I could have eeen her for merely a couple of minutes I could have explained a lot. Yes, and there's another thing I wanted to say to her before she went hack to London—well, it was talked about occasionally here—but I wanted to impress it on her—don't you think she ought to look about for some male companion—I suppose she could not afford a Secretary?—but some male companion, anyway, to go with her through all those places ?" " Mibs Zembra, said Janie, distantly—for she was not going to call her " Sabbie" to him~"only goes to places where she is known. Besides, she can take care oi her self." " Oh, I do not mean in that way," he said, and he accepted her repellant attitude wich much good nature; perhaps he did not notice it. "I mean in tne way of her getting sharped. I imagine she is imposed on by a whole crowd of cringing, fawning, sneaking wretches. If a man were to go with her he would let a little daylight into the whole affair." " You think he would get to know more about those people than she could?" Janie asked. " I suppose you are not aware, then, tbatMiBS Zembra is a member of the Charity Organization Society ?" " But ehe is a woman." " A woman may have as sharp eyes as a man/' " But she is sure to have a softer heart— and that's where the trouble comes in." Janie remained obdurate. Even that little bit of adroit flattery had no effect on her. And Mr. Foster, seeing that she was not in clined for further conversation, left a friendly message for her mother and passed on. That evening's despatch to Sabina oonld not well omit all mention of this interview ; bnt Janie had no scruples whatever about sending a distinctly garbled version. " He seemed as cheerful and complacent as yon could wish," she wrote, amongst other things, "and put all the blame on you for having gone away so hurriedly. Everything could have been put right by an explanation, "aid 1 I suppose he means he could have explained why it was absolutely necessary you should become bis wife. And he was kind enough to say that Brighton felt quite lonely now that you had gone, and that he had no idea you and he had been so much together. I suppose because he had not taken the trouble to notice." This letter—the animus of which she well understood, and could discard—set Sabie still further wondering. Wbat explanation conlu he mean ? And so he had been looking over their companionship together; ana perhaps valuing it a little? And ehe waa glad that he was putting so brave a face on His disappointment; for she assumed that there must have been some disappointment; a roan doeB not ask a woman to be bis wife without having seriously thought it over and laid far-reaching plans and cherished hopes that he is anxious to have fulfilled. And, of course, so important a choice is a great honour to confer npon any girl; and one not lightly or ungratefully to ne thrown aside. What explanation was it? she asked herself again and again. She knew that he waa not a sentimental person ; but then neither was she herself; perhaps she onght to have waited; and lute tied to what he had to say; and been less discourteous in her summary refusal. It may have been this continual question ing of herself that caused Sabine, one after noon as she was going down through Kensing ton-square, to pass Walter Lindsay without recognition. He had not been so blind, He had seen her a long way off; and it was as if something had snddenly grasped his heart and made it cease to beat. He did not know she had returned to London. Ue was not prepared. The calm and equable friendship be had promised himself was not there with its quieting influence; and he only knew that the sight of Sabina advancing towards him—the real Sabina—here in Kensington square—in Kensington- square that he had peopled so often with ghosts and visions of her—this actual thing bewildered him out of his senses, and he could not think what he wae to say to her. How was he to account for her being in KenBington-square at all? Was Bome one ill, that she had so suddenly come back ? She would be startled and dia pleased at confronting him eo unexpectedly ? Sabina came along, all unheeding. She was not looking at any one whom ehe might meet; ber eyes were absorbed. And when Bhe passed him, he was still silent, almost fearing to disturb her: hut the next moment some thing within him took control of him, and he advanced a quick etep or two, "MissZembra!" She turned, with a little start; hut the moment she saw who it was, there wae a quick outshining of friendliness from the beautiful eyes and a pleasant smile of welcome. She had been muoh harrassed and worried theBe last few days; she had been almost alone; here was an old friend who had been kind to her many a time. And she did not know that ehe allowed him to retain her hand while they were mutually asking and answering the nsnal preliminary ques tions (perhaps ne did not know it either), and she took no pains to conceal the pleasure with which ehe recognised him; and her eyeB met his with a frankness that took no thought of consequences. In short, during these few seconds ber conduct was abominable. Mrs. Wygram would have said; but Mrs. Wygram was altogether forgotten in the surprise and gladness of this unexpected meeting. " You are going down that way?" he said, looking towards the end of the square. " Yes. I am going down to Cornwall Gardens. It is not often I pay afternoon calls, bat I am to meet an old Admiral who has been of great service to me several timeB, and I shall have plenty of oDportunity to thank him — that is, to beg for future favours." " May I walk as far with you?" " If you like," she said, without hesitation, " if it iB not out of your way." a And here he was actually walking side by side with Sabina along the Kensington square pavement, as many and many a time he had vainly imagined and pictured to him self. And what a tragic thing that he could only talk to her about trivial matters—about Brighton lodging-houses, and the crowds at South Kensington of au evening, and the various goBBip of the BtudioB—when all the time he was dying to tell her of the newly established relationship, the unalterable and perfect friendship that was to last between theBe two for ever and ever and evermore. Of course he conld not tell her, for she knew of no other relationship—and had pro bably never dreamed of any, and so he had to pretend to be eagerly interested in training shiDB and the like; while all the pleaBant and amusing things he had been storing up for her during these many weeks had gone clean out of hiB head. No matter; Sabina was about as cloBe to him as she had been in the hansom, and he was keeping step with her as well as he could, and bending towards her a little bo that he conld listen to her the more easily, and sometimes he succeeded in making her laugh, and her laugh was plea sant to hear. And he knew that for him thenceforth this Victoria-road would be a blessed thoroughfare—he and she together had passed underneath the overhanging trees of those front gardens; for him at least the place would be for ever haunted. Nor even when ehe had passed within the bated portals of the house in Cornwall Gardens was he likely to quit the neighbour hood so long as she was there. Of course he could not wait and offer to escort her back home again, if ehe was going home; that would have been too insignificant; but he could liDger unobserved until ehe came out, and have at least a last glimpse of her. And that was all he obtained; for on Sabina's coming out of the house ehe took the first cab she saw and was driven away, he knew not whither. But he was happy enough; nay, his heart was filled with rejoicing. Nor would he go northward by Victoria-road and Kensing ton-square ; tne way they had come seemed to him Btill rich with the glory of her presence; he would not go and see how empty the thoroughfares looked. No, he went away in another direction altogether; and eventually, after many aimless turnings and wanderings, found himself, towards 7 o'clock, out in the Addison-road neighbour hood, and at the door of the studio of an old chnm of his. This Willie Meteyard wae rather celebrated in his way, as having been an unconsoionable number ot times on the very edge of being elected to the Academy, and failing at the last moment through some unexpected com bination ; but he took these disappointments very equably, and worked away at his pic tures of Irish peasant-life with an assiduity which brought him a fair amount of fame and the dealers a large amount of money. He was a bachelor; and he was sitting down to a bachelor-dinner when Walter Lindsay entered. Artists as a rnle are not over exacting in their seeds; there was soon another plate on the table. "What are you going to do tonight, WUlief" the visitor asked. "I'm going with those Mowbray girls and their mother to the theatre." " You'll have to dress and get away imme diately, I suppose?" "Yes." " What a nuisance ! You'd mnch better stop^where yon are; and we'll go into the studio, and have a pipe and some music." Now Mr. Meteyard was much fonder of music than of the theatre : and he knew that when Lindsay got into the vein he played very well indeed, and with qoite unusual feeling; besides, Lindsay was an old friend; and the Mowbrays were mere acquaintances; and the promise wae not a very definite one; and theie was a large party going to the theatre, and he would not De missed. Finally, be wanted to etop—and he stopped. , The^ evenipg passed pleasantly enough ; though by degrees the two friends ceased from music, and took mostly to smoking and lounging, and chatting in the comfortable hushed studio. And, of course, Walter Lindsay had_ bnt one snbjeot, to which he returned again and again, by many snbter fnges j Mid that snbjeot, of coarse, was the beantifnl nature and disposition of Ml— Zembra, and the ennobling effect of an assured friendship with snch a woman; the influence it must have on one's character, 1 and on one's work too, making it sincere, ana earnest, and of a lofty aim—all of which Willie Meteyard had heard a few times before. At last be said— hnmbng me. All your ' ship is pure idiotcy. I tell yon I believe what yon say of the girl. I suppose it's all | tree. But I tell yon thiB as well—and it's as plain as a pikestaff to every one hot yourself —I tell yon, you're just madly in love with her." 