TENNYSON'S NEW POEM, (from odr own correspondent. LONDON, 15tk December. Sir Graham Berry has within the last few days received a compliment, which, in extra superfine circles in yotir colony, will excite an outburst of envious spleen. In his recently published volume, oi which a continuation of l-nekslcv Hull forms the main featuro. Lord Teunyson cites at length the passage from your Agent-General's Colonial In stitute address, in which the latter dis courses on '"> primary importance to tho existence ot the empire of the Imperial navy being of overwhelming strength. Tho excerpt is printed as a footnote to an eminently patriotic, but not equally eminently poetic, composition, entitled The Fleet, which, it will ho remembered, was originally published when the press was teeming with exposes ol the alleged naval breakdown, but which the poet laureate has now nearly eutirely re modelled and buttressed up by Sir Graham Berry's weighty utteranco. Lord Tennyson's quotation, trifling as tho act is ia itself, will show that one at least of the best minds here uuitos in tho appreciation which it was once thought highly criminal in "Liberal mobs" in yourcolouy to express for the orator of tho " Stonewall" epoch. There is something eminently suitable and suggestivo in the tributo which lias been paid by the disillnsionisod poet to the dis illusionised politician. Lccksley Hall Sixty Years After is tho rebnko of tho world-soasoued octogenarian to tho fervid ideals and fevored passions of youth, aud though while the lover of Lockslev Hell, vour old political tribune is not yot 80, still his very appearance on a Colonial Institute platform may be taken to intimate that he has much less .faith than a few years back in legislative methods of re generating tho masses, Land much more trust than of yore in the normal and natural de velopment of forces and circumstances. Thoso whose youth was stirred and stimulated to passion and endeavor by the first instalment of Locksley Hall will experience a sort of cold douche when they find how soon after his disappointment tbe hero of their juvenility con soled himself with a second "flame," of far superior mentality to the colorless heroine of Part I, of Locksley Hall. It will also almost chill them to learn that the " clown" of Fart I. is in Part H. admitted to have made an excellent husband to "Amy," and after her premature death in childbirth to have evidenced tho ' ' coarseness of his nature" by a long life ol devotion to the good, and improvement of the poorer dwellers in the locality of his estate. The hero of Part L is widowed, too, when the poem opens, and while he still cherishes soft and tender re miniscences of his first love romance with Amy, he can do so without a shade of dis loyalty to the memory of her who became " Amy's" successor in his heart, and who was his wife for 40 years : — Sho witli nil the charm of woman, she with all the breadth of man, Strong tn will ami rich ia wisdom, Edith, lojnl, lowly, aweet, .. She that llnk'd again the broken chain that bound me to my kind. Here to- day was Amy with me, while I wandcr'd down the coast, Near ua Edith's holy almdow, amlling at the slighter ghost. Part II. of the poem ends with a jeremiad on the prospects of tho future as regards man and the world very strikingly in contrast with the lofty and hopeful imaginings which closed Part I. It is much in the tone of Carlylo's Cassandra-like effusions in prose. Sir Graham Berry, in more advanced days, queried as to a ploughman's knowledge of finance, and tho laureate now bases his deplorable vaticinations on the apotheosis of ignorance which he con- siders is embodied in tho enfranchisement of tbe rural laborer, and his consequent prepon derance in the political sphere. For all that, Lord Tennyson admits having found " plow men" and shepherds — Sons of Gotland kings of men In utter nobleness of mind, Truthful, trustful, looking upward to the practised hustings-liar ; So the higher vrlslds the lower, while the lower is the higher. Here and thcro a cotter's babe is royal horn by right divine ; J 9 Here and there my lord Is lower than his oxen or his swine. You in Australia will sympathise with tho scorn which tho poet lavishes upon tho school of politicians who hesitate as to whether India is worth retaining, or Russia worth opposing. This school does not, however, emanate from the "plow," so that tho poet's indignation seems somewhat pointless Kuasfa bnrsts our Indian barrier, shall we fight her ? shall we yield? Pause before you sound the trumpet; hear the voices from the held. Those threo hundred millions under one Imperial sceptre now, Sli≪ we hold them? shall we loose them? take the suf frage of tho plow. Step by step wc gaia'd a freedom known to Europe, known to all; Step by step we rose to greatness,— thro8 the tongue- sters wo may fall. You that woo the Voices— toll them 11 old experience is a tool," Teach your flattcr'd kings that only those who cannot read can rule. Pluck the mighty from their scat, but set no meek ones in their place; Pillory wisdom in your markets, pelt your offal at her face. Tumble nature heel o'er head, and, yelling with tbe yelling street, Set the feet above tho brain, and swear the brain Is in the feet. Bring the old dark ages back without the faith, without the hope, Oreak tho State, the Church, the Throne, and roll their ruins down tho alope. Authors— nthvhti, essayist, novelist, realist, rhymestor, play your part, Paint the mortal shame of nature with the living hues of Art. Kip your brother's vices open, strip your own foul pasdons bore; Down with Reticence, down with Reverence— forward- naked— let them stare- Feed the budding rose of boyhood with tbe drainage of your sewer; Send the drain into the fountain, lest the stream should issue pure. Set the maiden fsnclos wallowing in the troughs of Zolalsm, Forward, forward, ny and backward, downward, too Into the abysm. Do your best to charm the worst, to lower the rising race ot men ; Have wo risen from out tho beast, then back into the beast again ? Chaos, Cosmos ! Cosmos, Chaos ! who can tell how all will end ? Head the wide world's annals, you, and take their wis dom for your friend. Ilope the be t, but Hold the Present, fatal daughter of the Past, Shapo your heart to front the hour, but dream not that the hour will Inst. Ay, If dynamite and revolver lcavo you courage to be wise ; When was ngc so cwmra'd with menace ? madness ? written, spoken lies ? Envy wears the mask of Loto, and, laughing sober fact to scorn. Cries to Wcakt-it as to Strongest, "Ye are equals, equal-born." Equal-born? o yes, If yonder hill bo level with the flat. Charm us. Orator, till the Lion look no larger than tho Cat. Till tho Cat thro' that mirage of overheated language loom Larger than the Lion,— Demos end In working Us own doom. Besides The Fleet poem, aud the reference to Sir Graham Berry, there is colonial in terest in tho republication by Lord Tennyson, in tho present volume, of his ode on " tho opening of the Colonial and Indian Ex- hibition by tho Qncen." On tho whole the opinion appears to be that the new verses will not enhance the poet's old reputation j hut that is really saving very little. 