sroni'ina jhotjus. THJii TURK. The V.A.T.C. meeting, originally fixed for Saturday, the 25th of June, baa been brought back to Monday, -be 20th, tbe ilny before Jubilee Day. A fearsome legend is current just now in ibe Tillages surrounding Newmarket Heath. Every nitrht at 12 (so tbe story goes) the ghost of poor Fred Archer, wearing the Stanton scarlct, in wbioli lio lost the Cambridge* shire, rides frantically across the heath mounted on a grey thoroughbred..Hundreds profess to haveseeu the spectre, and any scepticism ou this poiut is very ill received, LACROSSE. The season is now in full swing, now members are joining the various clubs every week, and are practis ing hard in order to get into form for the various matches that have been arranged. On tho Queen's Birthday, two teams went to Castlemaino aud .hadau enjoyable game, last nearly two hours, victory* aftor a gbod tussle, resting'with tho team captained byTawse. Amongst thoso who played well wore—Tawse, Buchau, Hall, Homuiiug, Daymond, Cattran, Carr, Guy and Code. Yesterday tho Saudhurst club had a scratch match in tho Uppor Unserve, nud soino of the new ' members who took part iu it played very well. LAWN TENNIS. ; In the tenuis matches held \n the Uppor Reserve ou the2ltli, Messrs. Trench nud Eadie (Sandhurst) v. Messrs. CavunaghandCaldor (Maldon), the games wero Gto4,5 to 6, 6 to 1. Tho same for Sandhurst v. (Java nagh and Betlierns, they were 6 to 0, 6 to 1. Messrs. Cavanagh aud Calder (Maldon) v. Messrs. Buckluud and Macoboy, the games were G to 4, 6 to 4. The same fo.r Sandhurst v. Cavanagh and Hetheras, they were G to 2, G to 1. Total—Sandhurst, 4D; Maldon, 27. Messrs. Brown nud Eduioudsou fEluioroi v. Macoboy and Howell, the games wero 6 to 0,6 to 5,1 to G. 'Elmore v. Eadie and Trench, 3 to 6. 0 to S,0 to G. Total—Sand hurst, 29; Elmore, 15. Maldon beat Elmore, 16 games to 12. In tho tournamout amougst tho members of the local clnb Mr Trench beat Mr Eadie, 11 games to 1. Mr. Willis beat Sir. Buckland, 11 to 9, in the first con »j«t in Mm snpnnd rnnnil. . FOOTBALL. Tho Saudhurst mot tho North-eastern at Back Creek yesterday for the second time this season, and, 09 on the previous occasion the former scored au easy victory. On that occasion tho match was not commenced till a quarter past four, and yesterday's match did not begin till a tyw minutes later. If the association were to Sue the Northeastern they would secure the approval J of the general public. Yesterday's play was not very ! interesting, being almost eutirely in favor of the Sand i hurst, who played very well, and all showed much ' bolter form than hitherto this season. They started , olf with four beliinds, and then Toare puntod a goal smartly. Eadio kicked the aecond similarly shortly after, and just before tho bell announced half-time, Neilson netted tho third by a fine kick. The record at half-time was Sandhurst 3 goals and 7 behind*, and North-eastern 1 behiud. The cardinal and blue added live goals iu the second half, kicked in the order named by O'Neill, Buclmn, G. Woods; T. Nosworthy and Magee. Tho match thus ended in a victory for the Saudhurst by 8 goals and 12 bohiuds to 2 behiuds. For the winners £. D&vis;, Heiue, Hampson, Edwards and Teare played very well, and Boffe/, Blake, Hicks and Snell did good service. Mr. W. Campbell filled the position of field umpire in a really first-class manner. Tho first twenties of the Bcudigo aud Eaglehawk Clubs met for tlie second lime this'season yesterday afternoon. The previous match played at Back Creek, waswouby Eaglehawk by one goal to nil, and yester* day's match, played at Canterbury Park, was also won by the blues. There was a Very largo number of spec, tators at the match, including many from Sandhurst. Both clubs had fairly good teams iu tho field, but on acconutofthe excelleut form recently shown-by the Hawks., their supporters wore confident of victory. Tho game was fast andexcitintf from start to finish, but the local meu had.the best of it, and secured a well earned victory by 2 goals and 7 behihds; to 2 behiuds obtained by Bendigo. Berriinan (Eaglehawk! was tho best of the forty, and on the same sido Rutherford, Harvey and Morgan played excellently. Story, Johup, Griffiths audPrior were first class for the losers. Mr. Glecson, in tho first half, aud Mr. Uannayseo (of the Port Melbourne team) in tho second, half, made good central umpiros. On Saturday the celebrated Esseudon Clnb will ap pear for the first time before the Sandhurst public, ineetiug the Bemligo Club at the Back Creek Cricket Ground. This will certainly beonoof tho best matches of the season. The Sandhurst wero beaten at Echuca on Tuesday by the local club by 2 goals and 7 behiuds to 2 behiuds.The visitors had .lot ft very strong team. For tho winners, who playod a good game all rouud, Lamb, P. and G. Noble,Skiulder,and Sutton were very couspicuous,while 13\. Davis, Wood, O'Longhlin, Hauipson, and Heine did good service for tho losers. Tho Saturday aud Wednesday teams of the Quarry Hill met ou Queeu's Birthday. Tho match resulted in an easy victory for the latter, who secured 9 goals 16 belnuds to 3 goals 8 beliiuda. The best players for "Wednesday" woreBrockley (captain), Cambridge, HaverQeld, Hawkey, aud O'Brien; and for M Saturday" Maggs (captain), Watkins, Hanson, and Stowart. 801110 of the best players of both sides wore absout. Yesterday the Quarry Hill aud North Sandhurst met for tho aoooud time this soason, when the match re suited in a|draw slightly iu favor of tho Hill, who kicked two goals aud sevou behiuds to tho North two goals and six beliinds. Straughair, Sharp, Crawford, and Reod played well for the Hill, and Caruduff, Neil sou and Graydou for the North. A mutch was played yesterday between tho Grammar School ami Wattlo Square clubs, which resulted in a victory for the former by two goals ten behiuds to one goal fivo behinds. Tho following played best for the winnersCondon, Vahland, Meagher, Counellau, Quick, Bruce; und for the losers—Curnow, Harwood, Brokenshire, Craven. "Tho Darktown journeyed to Sebastian on Queen's Birthpav, and played Sebastian School, and scored an easy victory; scoros being: Darktown, 4 goals 5 behinds to nil—thus making tho seventh victory for the Dark town without being boat. The following playod best for Darktown Walker,' Hackotc,' Taylor, and M'Douald; and for Sebastian—Duro, Nicbolls, and Jouee." - * BOWLS. ; -The return- match between tho Eaglehawk aud Sandhurst bowling clubs took place yesterday, on the ground of the former. It was tho fiual match of the season, and was notable, as showing not only tho im provement made i in the ground, but also iu the play of the Eaglebawkites. Eaglehawk is a wonderful little township, and that is because it has meu of more than ordinary common souse ac the head of affairs. What they do is done well, and' this applies to their bowling *yeen. For so now a gronut} it played remarkably well aud >vith contemplated improvements should i\ext iie^soi} bo equal to the Uest. Witl) the improvement to the grQHnd tljero U'W beoq au equal advanco in the charac tor of tho play of tiro members, and tha match yester. Any showed that clearly, for the Saudhurst players, though moroexperienced, had all their work cutout to hold their own, aud it was only towards the finish that they pulled ahead, Thero wero three rinks, and at Nos 1 and 2 Sandhurst wore victorious, but at No. 3 Eairlo hawk carried the palm. Messrs. Waotton, Muiller, H. Kirkwood aud G. Loudon played remark nblv well, aud so did N. Jeffrey and Richard and Highinore and Anderson for tho model borough; while for Sandhurst Morau, Begbie, Watson, Gibbs, Millroy, Liddell, Wilkins, and Sowell rendered good servioo. The game finally resulted iu Sandhurst win ning by 71 poluts to 01. The "rinks and scores were as follow 1—No. 1 rink—Sandhurst, Wilklus, Abbott, Duncan and Sowell (oap.),2fl; EogUhawk, G. Loudon, H. Kirkwood, N.Maillor, and Wootton (cap.), 17. No. 2 rink—Saudhurst, Liddell, Milroy, Gibbs and Wataon (cap.), 30; Eaglehawk, T. S. Anderson, G. Loudon, iunr., Norfcouand Higlimoro (cap.), 21. Nv. 3 rink— Sandhurst, Robslmw, Caldwell, Begbio and Moran (cap.), 18; Eaglehawk, Richards, Pearson, "Williams, and N. Jeffrey, (cap.), 23. . ROWING. The Intercolonial Boat Race. (REUTEIt'S AQKNCY.) . ■ Sidney, Wednesday. The Victorian crew aud our own eight' have done some good work 011 tho river siuce Sunday. The Melbourne meu are iu good coudition, and they, seem to bo improving'all rouud. It is apparent they are leaviug uotbiuir uuatteuded which might tell against them on Saturday; RIFLE SHOOTING. Echitca Gun Club. ' (KBOir quit own coirnKsro^ENT) IBt ELEpTlup TBLtqnAPjr.l " * %^bdno'sday, 25th May. The Bchuca Gun Club opeuod the season to-auy, when a trophy, tho gift of tho president, wiui fired for,; and won by Mr. H. Guinn. Mr. J. Seward was the winner of two sweopstaSces. There was a large number of competitors, and the shooting was very good. The weather was dull. PIGEON SHOOTING. A handicap pigeon shooting match will take place at Meehan's Duke of Edinburgh Hotel, Marong-roud, to-morrow, for a trophy valued at JJ5 5s. Shooting commencos at half-past one o'clock. MISCELLANEOUS. The Sydney correspondent of tho 14 Argus" reports: —A boxing contest between Jack Molloy, of Sydney, aud J. Mitchell, the light-weight champion of Cali fornia, took place at Foley's raoms on Tuesday night, aud resulted in a draw, after 37 rounds. In an article discussiug the powers of athletes past and present, the London "Daily Topograph" has coruo tQ the conclusion that the "record" is being continu ally boatonin overy department of the exercise of innu's physical powers. •• There is a progressive improvement in the "time" of tho race in both sensos of tho word. Spaces lengthen and periods shorten undor tho flying feet of tho pedestrian; the eye of the marksmau grows quicker and truer; the cue of tho billiard player bo comes au "arm of precision" so marvellous as to the finest of the by.gono wieldors of that weapon would havo seemed incredible. On tho whole there can be no sort of doubt that the "crack" of to-day is at once more dexterous in the game of skill, more powerful in the athletic sport, a better "ati^yev" iu the trial of endurance than the ohampious who have preceded him, and not only so, but that the general standard of human prowess in eaoh one of these forms of display,is as for that matter nbovo the average capacity of the race at any time of which we have knowledge. Man, to descend to particulars, is a tougher walker, a fleeter runner, a stouter swimmer, a surer marksmau, a better oarsman, a finer horseman, iu this degouerato nine teenth century than he was either in the Europe of the middle uges or in tho Athens of classical antiquity. I Hui'i'osn yci mu3fc be tired of my talking," said his gi 1, alter she had beta talking about fifteen miuutes without bis being able to get ip a word. 11 Oh, no," he replied. <( I get shaved at a barber's." An Irishman, on being told that a certain land of stove would *l save half the ooal," said, " Iudade j'1 then be jibera l'lll take two of them, and save it all." .v 