THE CZAR ON THE WARPATH. The kaleidoscopic condition of Euro pcan politics makes it difficult to trace the progress of events in the Old World, but at last a gleam of light appears amid the darkness, and the chaos begins to resolve itself into something like order. Even now, however, it is impos sible for the keenest politicians to fore tell the course that events will take, for the prime mover in the disturbance, which threatens soon to involve a whole continent in war, has degenerated into insanity, and his policy is shaped by ghosts, and visions, and the thousand other phantasies of his diseased brain. The Czar of Russia is now an almost hopeless maniac, driven mad by terror, suspense, and mental agony, and his disorder has token the shape of an insensate thirst for bloodshed, though it apparently matters little in his calcula tions whose blood is shed ; that of friend or foe will be equally welcome. For the moment, however, his frenzy is directed against Austria, a country which bade fair, at one time, to be his best ally, until his conduct convinced the Govern ment of Vienna they were negotiating with an utterly irresponsible being ; and the desperate haste with which the Daal Empire is preparing for the emergency, shows the Kaiser has good reason for believing this to be no false alarm. The Czar's latest inspiration illustrates in a striking manner the policy of quarreling over the skin while the bear is still alive. The jealousy between Hussia and Austria arises from the claim put forward by the latter for a share in the spoils of the Sultan, and the Sultan, as it happens, is not yet dead. A sane autocrat would probably have endeavoured to act in alliance with his rival, until the moment of division actually ar rived, and would then have trusted to treachery for the settlement of details ; but Alexander III. is apparently in a condition that unfits him for such diplomacy ; his enemy is before him, and his present impulse is to go straight forward, and break something. Judging from this feature in his policy '..e is in a bad way, for the Muscovite who forgets how to lie must be mad indeed. How long his purpose ?vrill hold out remains to be seen, but the probability is that the preparations now going on at Vienna will keep his passion at fever heat, and that the beginning of spring : will see the opening of a stupendous campaign in Eastern Europe ^The universal war so long expected ' instill in fiUuro, and its coining will, firobabljr depend, in a great degret, ' upon Austria. Should the Dual Em pire be able to bold its own in a struggle with Russia, other States may be con tent to look on ; but if there is valuable plunder to be obtained on either side, more than one of the neighbouring nations is likely to take a hand. Throughout the greater part of Europe the impression prevails that Austria will sf- down like a house of cards be fore a concentrated Muscovite attack. For many years she has done little but cede provinces. Bavaria, Switzerland, Prussia, France, Italy, and even Servia, have all grown larger at her expense, and since the days of Maria Theresa she has seldom scored a victory. She has trusted much of late years to fine-spun diplomacy, and the prospect of being compelled to fight for her existence now comes upon her by surprise. But still there are many circumstances which induce the belief that her star is in the ascendant — that she has seen the last of a long series of disasters, and is about to undergo a great resurrection ; and to every snbject of the British Empire her success, in the event of a war with Russia, is an event to be devoutly hoped for, as such a result might postpone for generations our own long dreaded con test on the Indian border. For the first time in ninety years Austria has now a prospect of fighting at an advantage. She met the first Napoleon when in his zenith, and amid her own losses she did much to break his strength, while Britain, on the other hand, gained her laurels chiefly during his decline. The Kaiser's victories at Aspem and Ersling were achievements far greater than the boasted conquest at Waterloo ; but the French Emperor was then possessed of inimitable resources, and, by the aid of superior numbers and generalship, he was able at last to man down his enemy. The civil war of ISIS was no test of her ability, for the Government was then rendered almost powerless by a dozen separate insurrec tions ; and it most be remembered, mat snouia anotnern Bern or b-ossntn arise, he will come to aid, not to dis member, the Empire. In her war with France, ten years later, she was oppos ing the Man of Sedan at a period when his power was at its height, and when she herself had not recovered from the terrible ruin of ISIS ; and in the famous Six Weeks War she matched the obsolete muzzle4oader against the Prus sian needle-gun — and even then she lost only by a hair's breadth- This contest, too, showed that military talent was again awaking in Austria, and that the race of hopelessly incompetent martinets was dying out The aged Benedek, even with the millstone of Clam Gallas hung round his neck, proved himself a commander of whom any nation had reason to be proud, and the victory of Gablenz, in the first battle of Trautenau. awoke the Prussians to the fact that they had terribly underrated their formerly despised antagonists. The comparative military strength of Austria and Russia at the preajnt time is difficult to estimate. In this depart ment mnch depends on picturesque lying, but it is probable the Govern ment of Vienna will be able next spring to dispose of 1,000,000 men, nearly half of whom will be armed with the new Maonlicher rifle — the most destructive weapon of modern times. Russia, on the other hand, boasts of an army at least twice as large, but rally half of these are constantly employed in keep ing down insurrection at home, and the forces of the two nations are likely to prove about equal At the present moment, if reports can be relied upon, the Czar has nearly 400,000 men con centrated ronnd Kief, and in Bessarabia and Armena. Austria, on the other hand, has made no such preparations, but her railway system will enable her to accomplish in a few hours what will be to her enemy the work of many weeks, and she can afford to wait until she knows from what quarter to look for the attack. There is one item, however, in the programme attributed to the Czar, which may go far to overset present calcula tions. The war of 1853 was commenced by the invasion of Moldavia and Wal achia, and the t«ro venal Hospodars, Prince Ghika and Prince Stirbey, though they grumbled, did not dare to be hostile. The campaign of 1S77 opened in like manner, and King Carol I. proved himself an active and valuable ally. But the atrocious robbery, by which the Czar rewarded this ardent supporter, almost precludes any hope of further assistance from the same quarter ; and the proposal to occupy Roumania, with a view to invading Austria from the south, is either one more proof of Alexander's insanity, or is based on a profound knowledge of the fathomless nature of Roumanian cowardice and folly. King Carol is the unknown quan tity of the present Austro-Russian com plication, for the preparations now going on in Montenegro are likely to prove of little consequence. Prince Nicholas is subsidised by both Emperors, and though he generally adheres to the Czar, it is not probable that the barbarians of the BlacE Mountain will face the Austrian cannon in the open country, and it is still less to be expected the Austrians will attack them among the stupendous mountains of their barren principality. The Sultan, too, is massing troops in Mace donia, but it is almost as reasonable to look for a comic opera from the pen of that grave Moslem as to expect him to interfere when it is so much more profitable to look on. Germany and France are busy watching each other, and Italy is occupied with visions of a great colonial empire to be founded in Northern Africa- If the spring finds the Czar still alive, and filled with his present purpose, there is likely to be a clear field for both combatants, but by that time he may have changed his mind — or died. Insane sovereigns die suddenly and mysteriously in Russia. 