The Western Pacific and New Guinea: Notes on the Natives, Christian and Cannibal, with some account of the Old Labour Trade. By H. H. ROMILLY. John Murray. London. Mr. Romilly explains in his introduction that his subject prevents him from giving a thorough description of the innumerable islands of the Pacific, but he gives us his own experiences in a very clear and entertaining manner, and the subject is one of great interest He dwells upon the difficulty of gaining reliable information from the natives who have come in contact with white men, since they have been led to believe that Europeans expect something startling, and they consequently, will draw the long bow to an alarming extent Thus, in some parts of New Guinea the natives will swear that there are men with tails in the mountains, although there is little doubt that this idea was first put into their heads by explorers. The author has a keen sense of humour, and his account of the ball at Samoa is distinctly good. His dark partner appropriated all his valuables, including studs, buttons, and hat; and, when asked if she liked balls, said, " Yes ; no like dance like ball, gentleman make me present He gives a very vivid description of a native battle, and the subsequent cannibalism and as he was an eye-witness at these and many other curious ceremonies, they carry much more weight than the ordinary grossly exaggerated reports. We cannot dwell at length on his accounts of the old labour trade, and the manner in which the Queensland and Fiji traders worked against each other, nor on the account of the celebrated pirate, Bully' Hayes. One matter which is dwelt upon at some length, and is a practical question of great interest, is as to whether the so-called poisoned arrows are realty poisonous. There is no doubt that the natives fear them on account of the spoils which have been pronounced over them, and the author argues that they are not really poisonous, but that where death occurs it is owing to the fear caused by the wound and the tetanus which usually follows. If additional evidence is needed to prove the ill effects of civilisation, much will be found here, although due weight is given to the good work done by missionaries, and especially by Messrs. Lawes and Chalmers in New Guinea. The account, given of New Guinea is short, and in the light of recent discoveries rather' out of date, though it is pointed out that the rivers are the highways for exploration, and that the difficulties in the way of travelling by land through the thickly-wooded country are almost insurmountable. The book ends with an account of a ghost at Rotumah, which, as no explanation is given, i i we would recommend to the notice of our psychological i readers. 