; Jonah Thrown Overboard. . ; | - "BY TUB REV. C. H. SPUEGEOIT. ?. Jonah said unto tliem, Tako mo up, and cnst mo forth into tho Bea; so shall the sea bo calm unto you; for I know that for my sako this great tempost is upon you.-Jonah 1.12. . - 117 ri'H all man's rowing after mercy and . * Y f salvation, lio can never find it by his own efforts. For. this good reason, first of-all, that it is contrary to God's law for a sinner to gop comfort by anything ho can do for and by ' himself. Hero is tho law: " By the works of the law there shall no flesh living bo justified'." Tllat rule, then, fixed and fast as the laws of nature, shuts out for ever all hopo of the attain ment of joy and peace by anything that we can do, or b», or feel, for all theso tho law already claims of us. How mad, then, will it be on our part if we run counter to a Divino law! Suc cess is impossible in so porverso a course. I do woll, therefore, if I discourago all the efforts of awakened' consciences to find peace anjTvhere except in the work of Christ. Pome years ago ccrtain persons engaged in a speculation to sir.k a. coiu-mino in a part of England;where coal was novcr found. Pros pectuses were issued; directors obtained; aid shareholders duped; and the workmen began to .sink their shaft. Now it was absolutely cer tain-any geologist could have told them kk thkt they would not find coal, lot them dig to Doomsday. Suppose you and I had gone there ' and seen them digging, and had laughed at them, or told them it was all of no avail, wise acres might hare replied, "You ought not to discourage coal-mining, you ought not to dis courage men who are working so very hard?' I Vould say, " I would not discourage eoal ; mining in any place whore there is coal to be had; but for these poor souls to throw away their sweat and their money for that which is .'not coal, I will discourage them in that insane enterprise, and think I do them good service." . When we sea men struggling after eternal life through their own efforts, we know eternal : lifo is not to be had there. Wo are glad that they are awakened to anything like effort, for , anything is better than spiritual sloth: but we ?;are grieved to seo them labouring, in the vory fire, toiling where success can never crown their : endeavours. If you dash your head against the ' law of nature, the law of nature will not change for you; and if you labour in opposition to tie irreversible law of God, you will pay the penalty ' of it in your utter failure. Tho ancients fabled that it was one of the tortures of hell to which the daughters of Banaus were condemned, that ? they should fill a tub without' a bottom with bucketa full of holes. Behold the picture of the , 8^1f-righteous man's undertaking. Ho may 1 labour, ho may toil, but ho is filling a bottom less tub with leaky bnokets; and work as he may, though he drop down dead in the attempt, ' success is impossible. Oh that he knew it to bo so, and would trust in the Lord Jesus! . Besides this, tho man cannot succeed in ob ; taining salvation by his own efforts, because in what he is doing he is insulting God; he is casting dirt in the face of Christ; he is deny ing the whole testimony of the Holy Ghost. Ah! my hearer, if thou couldst save thyself, , why was it necessary that Christ should die for thee? If thy prayers could avail why did ho ' sweat drops of blood? Why if thoro were any . merit in thy mortification, or thy reformation, ? -what 'need that tho Pimco of life and glory should ;veil Himself w ignominy and suffer a death of Bharae ? Thou dost in fact say by thy fleshly attempts, I want no Saviour, I can savo 'myself. Thou dost in fact scoff at tho great atonement, which God has mado in tho person of Christ. This insult, will ruin thy soul, ox ' copt thou turn from it. Eepent of it, I pray ?thee; :. humblo thyself, and receive Jesus' : finished work. If scorning tho Jordan, Naa " mauhad .gono to Abana and Pharpar, ho might havo washed not only seven times but '70 times ? soron; ho.might have persevered in tho U3II \- stant immersion, but ho must havo; remained a leper to his dying day. If you scorn tho atonement and neglect God's great command to beliovo and live, if you go about to by and fed, or bo, or do,-.you will uao i: theso Abanas and Pharpars to your own damna \ Hon, but to your.own salvation novor. I pmy you - do not iiumlt God by looking for balm in y Gilead, or. for a physician thoro; for there is no balm in Gilead, thoro nover was any; there is no physician there, or elso tho daughter of my j poople would long ago havo boon healed; men would long ago havo saved tliomselves. You must look higher than tho Gilead of human . energy; you must look higher than earth's . physicians; you must look to tho hills whenoo Cometh our help, th,o groat mountains of a . Saviour's work imd merit. : . It is easier to comfort a 6oul who has been a short time in darkness, than it is to comfort . one who has given way a long tiino to an iin ' bolioving state of heart. Giant Despair's prisoners do not all escape, ho has a yard full of bittcs; theso are the relics of willing prisoners ( Who would not bo ctiuifoi-tod, and put out their own eyeg to uvoid the light. I bolievo thfit . omo sumerS malto excuses for themselves ont . of their despair, und that thoy let their doubts and fears grow till thoy oast a thick shadow, liko Jonnli's gourd, and then thoy sit down ?.with a miserublo sort of comfort beneath tho leaves.; "There is no hopo, therefore will I go on in my Bins; there is no hopo for me, taeroforo lot tho worst como to mo; I can but bo damned! I wilMolfl ray arms and sit still." Oh, it is a fatal temptation this; it is ono whioh itninsmultitudes, I am sure. ThisisSatan'smon hap j' bewaro of it This is tho devil's stooks in tho innor prison; ho is to bo pitied who is laid by tho; heels 'in them. "While yon are rowing hard to ' gofc your vessel to land, ana standing out against tho gracious. plan "which God has ordained, you are letting the nightmare of unbelief grow into a dead reality; you aro lotting this deadly inoubus rest more terribly upon your heart. .Remember this ono thing, that while the sinner is thus straining himself to get to heaven by his own righteousness, his day of wrath is gotting nearer. TTa ia adding sin to sin; he is accumulating the fuel for his own burning, filling tho sea of wrath in which ho must bo drowned for ever. What! when I am praying, groaning, and crying to God, and when ram trying-to mend ray ways and do my best, do you say I am only doing mischief ? I say these things are good in themselves, but if you are restmgin them, you aro bo flying in tho teeth of God's great' Gospel, so' insulting tho dignity of the great Saviour, that you are adding sin to Bin j .and among the faggots for your burning thereLshall bo none so .dry which shall burn, bo terribly as your own good wickod works, your own rebellious virtues, your own proud detestable righteousness which you set up in opposition to tho merit, blood, and righteousness of God's appointed Mediator. God is good enough, but if you bow down beforo tho golden calf, I will hate the gold because-you worship it. Tour morality is good enough, but if you trust to .it, I will hate your morality . because it is your destruc tion. Sinner, I pray you remember that your lifo is being shortened all the while yon tarry in the plains of self. Time flies and you fade like.aleaf, while your righteousnesses, which aro but filthy nigs, aro crying out against yon. Tou aro labouring without success; but rnoro, you are losing tame which might havo been turned to better purpose. .While you aro spending t your money, for that which is not/ bread, you. are gettingnearer and nearer to tifc dread famine when there be no bread to buy. ^. "While yon are trying to got this fool-s oil with which to -keep your lampa burning,; tho heavenly bridegroom is coming and the midnight is hastening, when you have tp say, " Give us of your oil, for our lamps are gone out.": .There shall be no time then for' you to buy, for the darkness wH^Tl have come upon you, and the door shall be shut, and the bridegroom's supper shall have begun. Oh, that I could have some power to'induce you not to follow any 1- -nger these fine ways of yours, these proud deceptive plans! Oh, that you would receive God's plan of redemption, and enjoy the peace which it brings I Notice that the way of safety for sinners is to be tound in the sacrifice of another on their behalf. ' Sere is Jonah';' leave out the fact that he was sinful, and he becomes an eminent type of ChriBtr " Take me up and cast me into the sea, and tho sea Bhall become ftftlm me." Substitution saves the mariners; substitution saves sinners. This is , the essential oil of gospel truth. Jesus Christ saith to His people, " l am cast into the sea ; there in that depth I sleep for a while, like Jonah, to* rise again on the third day; but ITy being past into the sea makes a deep calm to you." How very simple this process was. They take Jonah-he him self desires it-ho is thrown overboard, and the deep swallows hfm iip. Ah, poor Jonah, what a fall! what a' terrible descent ! what a frightful end. to: his prophetical career! Down he goes. Did not I see huge jaws opening amid the billowB ? Was he not devoured by some. terrible monster! Poor fellow, ho must have our pity! But how strango it is ? why the wind has ceased-it has dropped dead! and tho waves seem to be play ing now .whero they were battling fiercely a moment ago. Nay, the sea is glassy; we need not the oars any longer, up with the sails, we shall soon bo in port. An odd thing this, the drowning of one becomes the safety of all; mariners, let us sacrifice to Jonah's God. . Ah I it is a strango and mirvellous thing! It is that which sets angels singing, and makes the redeemed spirits wonder on for erver, that Jesus came down into tbia ship of our common humanity to deliver it from tempest. Tho vessel had been tossed about on all sides by the waves of Divine wrath. Men had boen: tugging: and toiling at tho oar; year after : year philosopher and teachor had been seek ing to establish peace with God; multitudes of victims had been offered and rivers of blood" had flowed, and oven tho first-born of manV body had'been offered, up} but tho deep was still tempestuous. But Jesus came, and they took Him and cast Him ovorboard. 'Out of the city they dragged Him; " Away with Him, away with Him, it is not fit that Ho should live." Oat of all comfort they had cast Trim long ago: now from society they cast Him too. From pity they cast Him; from all sympathy thoycastHim; and at last from life itself they hurl Him, while God stands there to help them to cast frhim. into a sea of woes. As ho, Jesus, dies, there .is a calm. Deep was the peace whioh fell upon tho earth that, dreadful day; and joyous is that calm whioh yet shall come as the result of tho casting out of that representative man who suffered tho just for tho unjust to bring us to God. Brethren, I wish I had meet words with which I could fitly describe tho peace whioh comes to a human heart when wo learn to see Jesus cast into the sea of Divino wrath on our account. Consoionco accuscs no longor. Judgment now decides for tho sinner instead of against,him. Memory can look back upon 1 past sins, with sorrow for tho sin it is true, but yet with no dread of penalty to come. It is a blessed thing for a man to know that he cannot bo punished, that heaven and earth may shake, but he cannot be puiiished for his sin. If God bo unjust I may be damned; but if God bo just I never can be. . That ia how tho saved sinner stands. Clirist has paid the dobt of His pcoplo to tho List jot and tittle, and received tho Divino receipt; ond unless God 1 can be so unjust as to demand twice payment for ono dobt, no soul for whom Jesus died can over bo oast into hell. If God bo just, I, a sinner, alono and without a substitute, must bo'punched; Christ stands in mrstead and.is punished for mo; and now, if.GJod bo just, I, a sinner, standing in Christ otxt never bo punished. God- must change Hianature before one soul for whom Christ was a substi tute con ever by any possibility suffer the lash of the law. Oh, it is a blessed thing to get right out of Bolf. But many believers seem to have one foot on self and one on Christ. They are the angel with one foot on the sea and the other on the land, only being angels, they cannot stand on such a footing. Put both feet on the rock, stand altogether on Christ. Ho only is suffi cient for you. , There is nothing for me to do to complete my salvation. It is all dono. Thero is not oho jot or tittlo loft to complete the covenant of my salvation ; the covenant of effectual grace is all written out in the fair handwriting of my Saviour with a pen dipped in His own blood, and it guarantees nil spiritual - blessings to mo for ever. The edifice has been built, and there is not wanted a beam or a brick, or even a nail or a tin-tack to complete it; from its founda tion to its topstone it is all of grace, and all perfect. My garment of salvation' has been woven from the top throughout, there is not a rag of thread or stitch of mine wanted to com pete it.- H It u finished," said the Saviour, as mineoFlLa own blood, and made a rich royal robe ior his people to wear for ever. Oh, brethren, if there wcro ono stone to bo put to the walls of our salvation, one single trowel full of mortar to make" the stones'set firmly, it would be all "undone, all in rain; bat the whole of it has been completed. Stone and mortar from 'basement to summit, all has been com pleted by sovereign grace. And what shall yon and I do? Since Jesus has been cast overboard for us, let us now rest in perfect quiet; let 11s enjoy the pcace lithatpasseth all understanding, which shall keep our hearts and minds through Christ- Jesus." And then having been saved in such a way.as this, let us now go to our work for God; not to win life, not to win heaven; life and heaven ore ours already ; but loved by Him, let ns now love Him with a perfect heart.. . The - man who has not attained to rest in Jesus is incapable of virtue. A man .who . does - anything for his own salvation acts from a selfish motive, does everything for himself, and has no virtue in him; but the man who is'saved, who knows there is nothing for him to do, either to put himself into salvation or to keep himself in it, knowing that all is now finished, having no need to do anything 'for self, he does' everything for God, and is holy in heart and life. Now he can sing with Toplady " Loved of my (rod, for Him again, "With love intense I'd burn." Let ns show that this is the true root of virtne. Like a genial sunshine is this doctrine to our fruits to ripen them; like a heavenly shower to bring them forth. God. give thee, sinner, to , rest in my Saviour; God give thee, saint, to j live to thy Saviour, and He shall have the praise | in both' cases. Amert .. 