.FIDELIS. . -4-- CHAPIucR II. HIe laughed and caught her to his breast, and kissed the beautiful dark hair, which presented so great a con trast to his own fair boyish locks. The one truly beautiful thing about Philip pa'was her plentiful dark brown hair. Walter himself was as fair as the morning, with the figure of a stripling still, and a face that any young fellow would have been proud to call his own. He scarcely looked his two-and-twenty years. He was such a boy at heart. Hoe felt very fond-intensely fond of -Philippa to-night, as he half leant against, half sat upon the stile, holding her closely to his side, with his arm encircling her waist. Perhaps it was that, with all a man's delight at the prospect of travel and adventure, he was elated at the thought of what lay before him; yet, with many a tender pang incidental to a first passion, he was in this heart unaffectedly troubled at the idea of leaving Philippa. But he would not let the feeling conquer him; Philippa's giving way was quite enough. She must not perceive that he was "down" too; it would only make her worse. "You must be brave-brave and patient, my darling," he said, bending down his head and .speaking low. " Time soon flies." That word of fond endearment, which so seldom fell from his lips, was just too much for Philippa. She clung to him in a fit of passionate weeping and sobbed out her sorrow on his breast. "It is hard--it is hard I" was all she had strength to say, and, notwith standing, in her sorrow, she was con tent in a measure, because his dear arms were round her, and her head was on his breast. It was getting dusk. The flaunting poppies in the field were looking blurred and dinl; for they had closed their petals at sundown, and now hung their heads in the glhaming. Pale gray mists were rising from the sea, and, slowly travelling landward, brooded ghost-like over the hills. Down in the valley the roofs and steeple of St. Ann's were barely distin guishable, wrapped about as they were in the twilight shadows. The sweet calm of night was in the air. Far out on the bosom of the level sea the pale stars were twinkling faintly. One knew not whether they were in the heavens or in the sea, so near were the twain together, and so indistinct was the sheen of the stars; whilst the low continuous moan around the sunken green rocks in the distance told of the deep languor of the incom ing tide. The weird bats swept low; an eerie breeze was stirring; yonder, by that bend in the cliff, the lights of Tidmouth shone boldly across the fields. He pulled out his handkerchief and wiped the tears from her eyes. She caught his hand and kissed it many times, then held it and the hand kerchief together against her throat. " How sweet it smells!" she said, looking up at him with a faint slow smile. "You always were such a boy for sweet scents, \Walter." "Yes," answered he, smiling too, as he gazed closely down into the up turned sorrowful face; "and when we set out on our wedding-tour, old woman, we'll rush all over the Con tinent, and at Cologne we'll lay in such a- stock of perfume as shall last us both a lifetime." "I wonder if that time will ever come "' said Philippa dreamingly. " What time, Phil T' "The time you speak of, Walter. Sometimes I-I think it never wilL" "What nonsense, Philippa " lie said, almost roughly. *" Why should it not, pray n" " Only the other day," continued the girl, in the same sad mechanical way, her chill hands wandering lovingly about his neck, "I overheard old Mrs. Martin say at the Dennisons', 'Depend upon it, that affair will never come to anything. A flirtation on his part and a mere fancy on hers!' I know they were speaking of us, Walter; but-but they do not understand us; do they, dear "! " Understand us ? Indeed they do not l" returned the young fellow hotly. "Old hags ! Why cannot they mind their own business, I wonder f" " And then-and then," added Phil ippa Hay, " some one else said," I dare say; and a good thing too if the match were broken off. It is always a bad thing for the woinan to be the elder of the two.' And I am. your senior, W?alter, you know?. by nearly thlree years." " Have you only just discovered the fact I" laughed he. S'"No. It hassalways been a trouble to me whenever I have thought about the matter:-. ·I am. t~enty-6five. You, Walter, are buttwe;ity-tw It slhould be the other way." "I'm bure I don't know why it should." "Well, perhlaps I am foolish," she said. "Still-still I cannot help wish ing sometimes that it wasjumt the other way." Dusk had given place to darkness. The shimmering indigo sea was sport ing with the reflection of the moon; a wan-looking moon it was, that appeared to stare down in mildest wonderment at the sickly image of herself in the cold quivering embrace of the ocean below. The deep pathetic voice of the sea, sounding nearer and hollower, warned the young man that it was time to depart. "Phil," he said, loosening her cling ing arms, "I must go; the tide is coming in. I shall have to run for it as it is. There's lots to be done before I lie down to-night, a?di~fI most return home by the shorter wy.' "Will you.not com~dbwn with me and..say l-bd.y o e more to my graudfather? He will be pleased to see you," she whispered, catching at the slightest excuse that would serve to chain him yet a little longer to her side. "Impossible, dearest. He and I exchanged a final farewell last night This evening I came over solely to see you-you alone. I had no time for mnore. My dear one, good- bye! You will be true to me-you will not for get f' "Oh, Walter, don't talk like that you hurt me unspeakably! It is as if you doubted my love." " I am abrute. Of course I know that you will be faithful-always faith ful-eh, Philippa 7" "Faithful always-faithful unto death," she murmured. "My letters will be a comfort to you, Phil. You will have my letters, and I shall have yours. Think of that, dear old girl, and take heart," he said. "Yes," she answered, with a mo ment's passionate yearning for some thing-something-she hardly knew what-more than he gave, "you will have my letters and-and my prayers, dear. You will live in my thoughts both by night and by day." "Yes, and the few months will soon go hy; and then we shall bewith each other again. Good-bye once more. Think of me and the Prince Cluhrlie to-morrow at dawn, and-and Heaven bless you, my own true Philippa I" "That is right," she said. " Think of me always as faithful and true your own true Philippa2' For the last time he took her in his arms; the dreaded moment was come. Thus, with his face bowed on Philip pa's, thus, lip to lip and heart to heart, they stood there together, the quiet night-shadows all round them and the moan of the sullen sea stealing up from the lonely shore. As he hurried along the narrow field-path that led to the steps in the cliff, she fell upon her knees by the broken old stile, her hands pressed upon her bosom, and her faithful eyes, strained and agonised, watched him until lie disappeared. " Heaven bless him--Heaven, keep him safe," she cried, with all her soul in her voice, "and send him back to me steadfast and unchanlged !" Two years were gone-two full years since the midsummer evening when Walter Blake parted from Philippa Hay in the bare quiet fields above St. Ann's. Much had happened in those two years, and Philippa was still waiting for her lover's return. At first his letters had come regu larly enough; there had been nothing to complain of. Then there was a falling off, then a still greater falling off, and then they ceased altogether at last, so far a Philippa was concerned. In less than a year from the date of of his going he seemed to have wholly forgotten her existence. Notwithstanding, Philippa herself wrote at. intervals; long, patient, affectionate letters they were, with never a word of reproach or upbraiding in them for the strange inexplicable silence that was so hard to understand. Doubtless, she said, lie had much to occupy his time, much to do, much to see and learn in the wonderful land he had gone to. But she begged that, when a moment's leisure offered itself, he would scribble her a word or two if only in pencil-to lighten her anxiety anid cheer her up. But the days went by and brought no news, and hope deferred was mak ing the heart of Philippa very sick. That he should be ill, Philippa knew, was out of the question, or somle one would have written for hiim. No, that could not be the reason of his silence. [To uE COwr?NUED.] The application of Thomas Wright, Rosedale, for a grant of la 2r has been ap proved of. 