Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 17. s . ? _♦ ? _ '. ?} FIFTY LASHES. -By ATHA. - 0HAPT13EL ' ? ? '.???; A full summer moon overhead, . canting bora of soft sheen athwart tho trooH in tho publio Domain, Auckland, New Zealand. .- On aruBtiobonch, beneath tho widespread ing brandies of a giant Kauri pino, sat a half oasto Maori girl, and by hor side -a tall hand- ? somo youth, wearing the dark-blue uniform of Caversham'a Horao. No Spanish beauty could boast a more glorious beauty of laoe and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother— daughter of the old Maori Chieftain, To Puko, fell in lovo, and married ono Tom Selby, a aergeant in tho 6— th regiment, and with her hand carae many broad acres in tho most fertile valleys of the Woikato, which the old soldier, poon converted into a good payable estate. Wnile Kiora was yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Solby bought a snug villa outside tho city, and sent his daughter to a boarding sohool until she became old enough to take ohargo of hia household. ' And bo you are going to morrow, Cbnrlio I' sho asks timidly, at tho aamo time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands, ' Must it really be to- morrow?' 'Eeally and truly, Kiora,' ho answered. ' The horses were put aboard early thia oven ing, and wo Bail to-morrow at daylight.' ' How dreadful this war is,' ahe nays in a low tone. ' Ah, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we muatnot stand idly and flee thoao mad fanatica, tho rebels, murder and plunder inno cent peoplo. Since Eewi was driven out of Waikato, tho Government have dona nil in their power to induce the dissatisfied Maoris to lay down their arms, and live at peaoe with their Pakeha neighbours, but you oea it is of no avail. Tiporo and his crazy brother have rouaed tho TaranoM tribes to open re bellion, and by so doing have unfortunately Erevented ono Charles Stanton from enjoying is Christmas dinner under the same roof as Kiora Salby.' ' Dear Charlie, no one can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora,' sho answers softly. nhnvlin Tflllnlin lirrTitit* flian atnnnn ^#\mn ward until hia moustaohe reaches Kiora 's ripe red lips, and — well, tho moon only knows what took plaoo, for ho waa watohing them. Hie Moonship bccs many things that lovers wot not of. On this lovely ovoning, there wae no exocption to the rule, for he obscrvod oloso by where Charlie and hia companion billed and oooed at each other, tho form of a man, crouohing low down behind a thiok sorub, whioh completely hid him from the eyes of those ho was evidently watohing — a man with a palo, vile-looking face, whioh peered out at them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the oavea-dropper was similar to that worn by tho girl's companion, save that ho had three narrow golden stripes upon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which boapoko tha man a non-oommissioned oflioer. During a long ohat, such as lovers usually indulge, tho watoher novor stirred from his bent position ; but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was only born of deep and absorb ing interest. It was only whan Kiora roao to depart that ho draw further into_ the Bhade, and in ao doing made a noiaa which attraotsd the girl'B attention. 'What waa that, Charlie?' sho oried, nestling herself oloso to tho Bide of that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. ' What ia tho matter, dear ?' ' Did you not hear a rustling noico ? It Bounded olono by that buoh there,' aha said. ' Sweet Kiora, you aro_ filled with strango fancies to- night,' ho_flaid_ gaily. 'First -' was a ahooting star, big with ovil portent for ub. Now it is a noiso as of somo lurking assassin. Pooh, my girl, thoro is nothing save perohanao aomo grasshopper looking for ita mate.' 11 Ob, Charlie, I would givo all I possess in tho world to provunt you going to Taranaki,' she Baid, with sudden energy. 'Nonsoneo. Why?' 'Booauao X havo ono morbid fancy that when wo part to night it will be for over.' 'My darling, I ? ?' ' Listen to mo, Charlie, Do you boliove in dreams?' 'Dreams, certainly. I believe they aro drfliiuiH, nothing moro.' Tho maiden nestled her small head— orownod with a coronet of glossy rcvon hair —closer to his breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said .: ' I had a torriblo drenm tho night before last— a dream in whioh I saw what took place aa plain as I can Bee those troea bofore mo now.' ' What did you aeo, Kiora ?' * 'An enoampment of armed men, situato on tho margin of a lovoly lake, and sur rounded on every hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in the ox'treme,' Bho re Bponded, in a low hushed tone. ' Beyond the tents on a green patoh of sward, my dream disolosed a solid flquaro of glittering bayonets, in the centre of whioh wero three posts Btand ing upright. On those oruol ntakos a man waa being tier! hand and foot to bo flogged liko a slave. My God, it waB terrible.' Tho trooper put his arm about tho Blonder form of his companion, for ahe had begun to ahiver liko ono in a aguo fit. ' Did you recognise the featuroa of tho un fortunate fellow at tho triangles ?' ho asked preaently. 'I did.' . ' And you knew him V 'Yns.' 'Who waa he, Kiora?' ' Yourself, Charlie ! Oh, the unutterable anguish depicted there 1 Oh, tho misery and tho despair, and tho sickening dreadful blows that foil upon my eara liko somo shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear I Yot I wr.a oompolled to Raza until tho dread ful wov'c waa ended. Thon I hoard a loud shout away towards tha cliffs, nnd looking thence, behold a great hordo of Maori warriora rush liko a mighty iwalunoho upon tho square of armed men. and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos and con fusion, intermingled with shouts and oriea, and a vision of tho man who had been de graded mounted upon a aaddlo and bridlolcsa hor8e,_ hia bare and bloody back glistening conspicuously above the crowded mde until tossed to and fro liko a worthless waif, it wont down amid tho tido of battle, and I saw it no more.' Charlie Stanton Btood ailent for a moment. A feeling of notue nameless drend began to Bteal over him at Kiora'a recital, but he ehook it off, and roplied in n bantering way : 'Dreams uro all my eye, sweethoarti In deed, it haa boen said by certain crusty old ? bacbelora that dreama aro liko ladies, they follow tha rulo of contrary. Como hold up your head, my dear, I shall return to you 'ere tho now yoar ia many weeks oldj with all my honora. Think upon me.' ' I fervently trust you may, dear Charlie,' she rojplied. Then, suddenly lifting her head : ' Charlie, I want yon to make me a promise —a solemn promise.' 11 Certainly, dear Kiora. What am I to pro mise ?.' , ' That you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxicating liquor until you return to Auckland.' 'You littlo tyrant,' ho cried, laughinRly. ' You would like to sot a trap for me. You hove your tea without stint— whioh the doo tora say ia rank poiBon — and yet ono is to be deprived of his glass of grog, simply beoBuso ? that giddy head of yours has boon running too much on wara and rumours ot warB. Hut, sweet Kiora, lot us ohauge tho subjoot. How lovaly thu night ia.' ? 'i They wunt out into the soft glow, arm in arm— abe pleading for hia promise— he, laugh ingly, roaisting her. Onward down thogreon slopes, strewn with murky shadows, that seemed to swallow them up and leave no trace behind. ? By-and- bye the lurking figuro oame forth from his lair, and stood up in tho full light of tho moon — a tall dark man, about thirty years of age, face sallow and oloaely Bhaven, disclosing a wide, sensual mouth and strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. 'So here you are, Sergeant Olomont Exley, playinK the spy,' he muttered, apoBtrophizing himself, a sinister gleam in hia eyea the while. ' Why, who would huvn thought tha riDg doves would seleot thia spot for thoir senseless chatter ? — almost under mv noso. Humi)h I My limbs are racked with oramp, Confound thorn both. What tho devil oan there bo about this weak puling dandy, that sho must prefer him to a bettor man. Ayo, one, who oares moro for her than ho dooo.' Ho stood with folded arms a moment, watohing tho direction they had taken. 11 There yo go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of ma, but take oare, my lad, I don't oheckmato you. For ton yeara you and I have been what modern aooiety calls friends, Chiiilie ; but modern ooaiety little dreams how I hate your friendnhip. It has robbed mo of mc.ny thinga I hud set my heart on, even tho love o! thia proud wenoh — who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn nnd inBult, Binoo you havo taken tho field, Charlie, vio-t chore. Well, well, I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled era thia. I havo tho cue, my woak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will hbo it to advantage when opportunity offers.' He followed in the wake of tho lovers with a slpw and meditative step, hia head bent, and hiB hands olosped behind hia back. 'If my friend Stanton has one pet vioe above another, that vice ia drink,' ho mut tered, pausing in. hia waik. ' Not a sot, who lovea to tipple alono, until he ia BpeechloBB, ' oh, dear no ; but one of your gontlemanly, sooial aoula, who cannot say nay when it ib placed under his, no3e. Let him promiBS if ho will, he cannot resist it. I havo Btudied tho mun. Twice has ho rison to tho rank of sergeant since tho corps was formed, and each timo degraded to the ranks again through tho lovo of good liquor. So, so. Charlie, all's fair in lovo and war. Therefore I'll bait my line and anglo lor you my friond. Onoe landed, I sea my way clear to la belle Kiora, and her broad aorea.' ' Sergeant Exley, of Cavorsham'a Horse, in oreased hia pace, crosaed tho park, and entered the street ; thenoa hi3 walk became Blowar, until he reached Shortland Place. Hore ho halted, and stood watohing tho front of a pretty villa on tho opposite side of the way. There must have baen something very at traotivo hore to engage tho sorgeant'a atton tention, for ho remained on the epot dose upon two hours. Ho was still waiting and watohing, when a young man issued from tho houso, humming a favorite opera air. ' flollo, Charlio I well mot, deal1 boy. Whero havo you been ?' oried Exley in a Bur prised, yet pleasant tone. 'Just run over to bid tho Solbya good bye,' repliad Stanton. ' But what are you doing down thia way, Exloy?' ' Ah, taking a walk under tho moon to view tho city. [ guoas wo ahan't have another opportunity of viewing tho spires of Auokland by moonlight for somo timo to oomo. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have mot you.' 'Why?' * ' Beoauae I was juat making my way to tho Albion, where I've promised to meot ono or two jolly follows, to take a parting glaaa. You will join mo of oourae.' ' My dear Exloy, nothing would givo mo greater pleasure, but ? ' 'But what?' ' The truth in,' stammered Charlie, ' I havo made a promise not to touah liquor of any kind until I return from Taranaki.' ' Phew,' whistled tho Sergeant. ' I'm sorry for that, inasmuch as you will miss a bowl of tba best puneh, and ona or two of the most coraio dogs in Now Zealand, Good nifiht.' Sergeant Exloy turned upon his heel, but Stauton oaupht him by tho arm. 'Hold hard, Exley. Wo Bail early in th'o morning; it's almost morning already, there fore I'm with you. 1 can naaoinpany you without breaking my word, oh ?',' 'Certainly.' ? And the angior wunt in with his intended dupe, and brought him forth in tho grey light of the dawning day, Btaggering, upronriouB, and with his promise shattered to tha winds. . CHAPTER II. Thoro are few soonos in New Zealand more grandly rugged than tho Ohan Valley, Taranaki, the npot where tho Volunteera bad formed thoir bWouac on tho 24th of Dec, in anticipation of meeting tho rebel Maoris. U waa .Christmas Evo, tha time night, a oalni lovely night, with moon and stars Btud dini? the dark blue canopy of heaven. Tho camp wag composed of six hundred rank and file ot tho Auokland Bifles, together with ono troop of CavorBham's Horse. Tho latter had pitohed their tents on a small hill adjacent to where tho commissariat storoa had been piled and oovered over by a largo tarpaulin. Of tho sixty mon of the troop, ton of thoir numbor had been told off aa guard, under tbe charge of Sergeant Exloy. The supply of grog and provisions wore only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watoh and ward over them. Tnore wero six quarter oa3kfc of rum standing in a row, flanking thofltorea,— a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanood to have oharge in tha still dead night, with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to have taken posses sion of the sorgeant, for he aalled the guard togother about tho watoh-fire, and said : ' Comrades, I need hardly remind you of tho genoral order issued thia morning. Wo are under martial law here on the field. Colonel Bartopp. as you all know, is a very strict offloer, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity, mind that, and ftbovo all remember that any man found tipsy whileon duty, will most asauredly go to the triangles. You understand ?' They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would ba punished only with tha lash, and they glanced towards the ram-puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to oon oern himself about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. v One, a short, broaa Bhouldered, jolly.looking fellow, who had evidently soen more of tha ocean than terra firma, if ,one might judge by hia gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while tho ser geant warned his mon, was deeply intent attempting to balance a oamp-pot on tho rough nose of a magnificent water-spaniel at hia sido. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-logged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agapa. The boy, who answered the nom do plane of ' Sandy,' waa one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knook- about amongBt the troopere. He oould speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and waa withal one ot the most miaohiovous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace, there nroeo a keen wind, whioh made the air biting cold, and eet the whole tents shivering like bo many sheeted ghosts under tho moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some placo of shelter for the night, found a snug corner ba neath the tarpaulin whioh covered the stores, and than retired to reat without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinned, until only two personB remained by it, — Charlea Stanton and Bob Cable. It waa easy to perceive that a warm andsincero friendship existed between theBo twain, yet no two mon were moro opposite in person and diopoBition. The one handBome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to puBilan imity. Tho other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined a« a bulldog. How oamotheEO opposittsto befriends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold 'Te Kanga,' Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out side the enemy's tronoh, from a severo gash in his side received during tho attack. Tho Volunteora wero repulsed, but at tho risk of his lifo Charles Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brouaht in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It waa a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had ofton spoken hiB gratitude in language moro foroiblo than polite. And hero they ait by the firo, with tho dog between them, and a small flask of rum, which has boon emptied to thodrega in fighting their Waikato oampaign over again. Presently thoro is a oall for number four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishos Cable 'good-night,' and answers ' Hero.' It ia his turn for sontry, and he is marched over to reliovo the man posted on tho stores. Silence now reigns throughout the oamp, save for tho wild soreeah of the polew out yonder by the lake. Ranfly orouohod under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his roay dreama by tho aound of voices in tho vioinity. Tho Maori noiseleasly lifts ono end of the. covering and peopa forth. Sergeant Exloy ia standing with a pannioan in hia hand, talking to the aontry in a low earneat tone. ' Indeed Charlie, I Bee no great harm in a glass of grog on suoh a cold night. We aro not in town where it oould bo easily obtained, therefore ono must got it by stealth. Of courso you are on eentry, and oan prevent my taking any, but I must Bay a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be mis sed.' ' Perhaps not,' answered Charlie Stanton, oarelesaly, ' Pray do as you please, you havo command of the guard; but 1 say, Exley, what about that looturo you gave ua rcspfcting general orders, and Colonel Bartopp'B Btern discipline ?' The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, ' Wait until you'ro promoted again, Charlie, than adopt my plan. Ono side for tho men, tho other for your frienda. Surely you were not impressed with my oaution. Lord, I feel inolined to roar sometimes at all the fusa and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Eed tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to tho ond of thoohap ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to hia tent without a skinful oi gooa liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watoh through the long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is hero ready nt our hand? ' ' Bravo, Exloy 1 Very woll argued. My ordera aro to allow no one to meddlo with tho oommiBBariat except tho quarter- master, but I repeat, you aro my superior officer, and — thero aro tho casks.' ' Good. This follow hore seems ? a little apopleotio, we will bleed him.' ' With all my hoart, but how will you do it, through his bunghole ? ' oried Charlie, laugh ing. ' No I Only a bungler would go to work that way. See hero, I havo a gimlet. Now, keep watoh whilo I spile this fellow'B frontis piece.' Clement Exley oast a triumphant look at hia companion ere he wont down on his knees to bore the rum punohcon. Had tho good natured inconstant dupo aeon that look, ho would havo thought twioo beforo hobnobbing with tho aubtle and orafty scoundrel before him. But Charlio Stanton, measuring tho man by his own standard, saw nothing in it savo a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who hnd pluok enough to hazard his sergeant's striped for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a Bor pent, Sanfiy beheld Exloy holding tho panni oan over a turn stream iBauing from ono of tho oaBks. How tho liquor hissed and gurgled as it spouted into tho pot ! When tho utensil was full, Charlie ljold his thumb to tho hole until tho aurgoant plunged it up again. ' Now, aomrado, take a nip.' ' After you,' said Charlio, modestly. 513 'The girls we left behind ub,' and tup ser geant put the liquor to his lips, but ho did hot drink any. ' I'll givo that pledge with all my heart,' responded Charlie, in proof ot whioh ho almonfr emptied the pannican at a draught. It took away_ hib breath for the nonca, but that was nothing— tbe ni jht was oold. ' What do you say, shall we refill tho gob lot, Stanton ? ' ' By all moans, Exley, and the pot was re plenished. ' ' I did not oxpeot wo were going to have suoh a jolly time in general,' said tho Bentry, Beating himself on one of tho puncheons, with tho oan of rum between hia knoea, ' Oome, Clem, take a sip ond pass tho de oanter.' ' In a short time the measure waa again t empty, and onoe moro refilled. Tho fieiy spirit ' - was at leaBt twenty degrees over proof, and Boon bogan to tell upon tho troopers. ' Wo must be cautious, comrade, ond not arouse the alooping guard,' Baid tho florgeaut, as Charlie became rather noisy, ' It ia now paat midnight, and I don't oxpept tho visiting officer before four o'olook.' . 'Oh, bother the visiting officer— paso tho nappy, Clem.' ' I suppose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours aro up, Obor lio ? ' 'Not at all. I am content to romnin here until daylight, providing you leave mo tho gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to ba a general.' Tho sergeant watohed him with 'glistening eyes. ' Steady, oomrado, you will bo tipsy,' he said. 'I I nonsense. Hero, hold my oarbino, the pot is empty.' One p.m. by the sergeant's wotoh, and tho sergeant's companion is growing thiok of speooh and rather proay. In another hslf hour tho poor dupe is stafrgoring about, moralising to the empty air, liko ono of Con- , grove's heroes. Ho will have anothor sip of tbo liquor, and he has his way, for ho ia beyond reason now. Tho rum has mastered him completely ; onon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his laugh oracked, sense gone, and talking — yo Gods I suoh rubbish and ribaldry, that tho Borgeant , grows disgusted and leaves him alono in hiB. glory. Tho officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than waa expected. At three a.m.tba CommiaBariat Guard turned out at hia' aummona, and was dismissed aa uorreot. 'How many aentries have you, Sergeant Exley ?' ' Only one, Captain I' ' I will visit him.' It was usual for two men of tho guard and tbo noncommissioned officer in ohargo to accompany tho officer when visiting tho aentrieB. Exley called two of hia comrades, who conducted tbo captain over to tho stores, but of oourso thero waa no ono to challenge ' thoir approaoh. 'Halt,' cried the officer, 'how'd this? where is your man, sergeant ?' ho asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question oould bn answered, the Maori lad emerged from his hidinc, and pointed out the dark innert form of tho tinav sentinel etretohed upon tbe door fast aaleap. A light was brought from the tont and thoy ' tried to rouse him, but in vain. Thero , appeared no need to inquire how tbo man jjot drunk on his poat. Tho lenliini» onak, tbo gimlet, and tho pannioan half full of liquor on tho ground beaide him, told its o,vn tale plainly. i 'Thia is a very unfortunato matter,' oried tho sergeant, with, well-feigned regrot in hia tone. ' What ia to be dona, nir ?'? 'Done! why your duty, Sorgo-inS, Exloy. of courae,' responded. tho -.oaptMii, 'Carry tho poor devil to the guard-tiuit, and put another man in his stead. 'Ill report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night I' Morning oamo with its .rosy bluali tinging the hilltops and kiasingtho Bleeping oneiinp ment into renewed life. . It found S«i »eanfc Exley paoing moodily beroro the guarnVtont whero his unfortunato victim lay slumbering off tho fumea of intoxtoation. ' Ia thia but tbo prelude to 7tcr dream ?' ho muttered. ' Gad, it would bcodi so. Hero aro the oirolo of bilk around, buro and trceloao overlooking tho valley below. Yonder the Ohan Laho gleaming in tba early sun lilts' a burnished Bbield. What moro? Shall the curtain rise to-day upon the first act ot tho dream ?— the formed nqunre, and the man tied to tho triangles? Wo Blmll bco. Charles Stanton, it would have beon well had thou or I nover aeon Kiora Selby. Poor wrotoli, aleop on. When tliou wakeat thou wilt bco the rat roady. And npw to snatoh an hour'B re8t.' Ho turned into ,tho tent, and ot that motnont tha voice of Sanfiy waa hoard oall- l ing for Snap, tha ratriever, who ran /risking towarda tho lad in great Rleo, and the pair raopd down tho hill towards tho tont ocoupied by Bob Cable. (To be continued.) 