OLD-TIME MEMORIES, JPO THE ED1TOB. Sir—I noticed recently an account of . a "ghost" that had irighteued a policeman at the Exhibition, and the j statement that two men had been j hanged there in the early days. That statement is quite correct, and it brought to my j!j { recollection that I had a letter from Mr. Anstey on the subject, and on looking over my papers found the following:—" Hughes and Cur ran, Bushrangers.—I was present at the trial of these ruffians in the Old Supreme j Court. I see before me now as if yesterday Curran killing the small black flies as they pestered his eyes, whilBt I thought to myself that he himself would soon be as those crushed flies, but OB the gallows-tree. I remember well the room in the Police Barracks improvised into a guardroom, with iron bars to the windows to receive these condemned men. The evening before their execution, whilst sauntering out with ir.y dear old friend George Hamilton (late Commissioner of Police) we were within sight of this guardroom when Curran recognising Hamilton, called out, ' Can t you do anything for OF, Mr. Hamilton?' Hamilton answered 'I am sorry I can't, my poor fellows.' We were both much shocked at this ghastly incident. The scene on the gallows is exactly described by Tolmer, bat 1 never knew till now how Hughes contrived to get that Ions white clay pipe into his mouth. I Eee Hughes before me quickly mounting the gallows ladder, blowing defiantly a * locg cloud' in the full bravado of his brutal nature. He struggled with the hangman (masked), tried to kick him, and in being turned off he caught the edge cf the trapdoor with one heel, and there remained supported by the rone round his neck and his heel on the side of the trap for Bome seconds. Hughes died like a wild beast, Curran with decency. I never witnessed another execution." Another letter touched on the first election that took place In the colony, and which perhapB may be found interesting. Although | our present avstem of vote by ballot is far IjI better than the old plan of open voting, still an election nowadays is dull work compared to the excitement and fun that prevailed in tbe early days. Out first election took place 1 thirty-six years ago, when sixteen members ij:| were returned as representatives cf the people and eight were nominated by the Government. Mr. Anstey contested" the district of Yatala. He writes as follows :—" 1 can corroborate Tolmer's praise of the efficacy of emu oil in promoting the growth of tbe hair. All the overland gentlemen used it on their long journeys, and more than one of them was conepicuous by tbe length and curliness of their filosey ' lovelocks.' The mounted police used it to a man, beEides greasing their moustaches and beards with this wonderful fat. So notorious was their use of it that I remember well at my first political Yatala meeting at Hope Valley being questioned as to my opinion of the mounted police by a sneering opponent. I expressed my warm approval of that fine body of yotutg men, especially praising Ihem for the very proper cate they bestowed on their hair and beards in well greasing them with emu oil to the great delight of all the nursery maids in Adelaide. This was in April, 1S51, and my old friend Mr. G. Hamilton cordially approved of my warm remarks thereon. The great majority of the intelligent electors present were convinced by my arguments, and the spiteful objector to the police and their beards shut up." Our worthy Commissioner used to treat UB once a month to the eight of his well-drilled body of horBe and foot police parading through the town. I had cot seen them for some time when a few days since on walking in the neighbourhood of King William-Btreet 1 heard a band playing. It first struck me that it must be the Salvation Army, but there were other instruments besides a drum. Then I bethought me of the energetic Yankee with his bay horses, brass band, and tinkling bells, when all of a sudden it struck me that it must be the Policc Band. I made the beBt of my way to King William street, and fortunately arrived in time to see the procession "pass by. There they were marchiDg along in gallant style, the band leading the way. Then followed the troopers on their "gallant greys," the foot police bringing up the rear. They certainly are a fine body cf men, and a great credit to the colony. I noticed the satisfaction expressed by the spectators, and could well fancy the delight of our General if he had such a body of men to add to the Permanent Force. There was only one man among the onlookers who did not give unqualified praise. Those around seemed inclined to resent his remarks, but on finding that he was a Port man they made allowance for hiB wounded feelings and let him go scot free. Although one could scarcely fancy anything that could possibly add to the appearance of either officers or meD, still the Commissioner might like to follow in the footsteps of his predecessor, aud as a tribute to his memory recommend this " incomparable" oil to them. I am, Sir, &c.;, j jf!' ! THOMAS GILES. IN BE NOBBISVS CAVEAT.—The exigencies of the political situation prevented the Attorney-General appealing at the Supreme Court on Friday, and accordingly their Honors adjourned the above cite until Monday, CHAMBER OF MANUFACTURES.—Mr. J, F. Conigrave having resigned the Secretaryship to the Chamber, the appointment has been conferred on Mr. E. H. Derrington, who has for the past few monthB been the Assistant- Secretary. «5T For sinking spells, fits, dizzineaB, palpitation and low spirits, rely cn Dr. Soule'e Hop Bitters. Genuine made by American Co. Notice 3K)thss5 