TO THE EDITOR. bir— As your correspondent, 'Fred. Wood- ? bury,' has called in question my statement re the Yanyarie spirit— not ghost— I beg leave to say a few words in reply. There is no doubt : there are Anne who are 'easily gulled,' bat j at the same time I venture to say that a ! number of those who have visited the haunted ? hut are equally as clever as ' Fred. Wood bury,' and I fail to see that he has shown 'that the performances of that ghost are quite natural.' No one that I have heard of except Mr. Shegog has seen the ghost's 'hands and feet,' and his statement is not borne out by any others of the number that vrere there on. that, night, and is flatty contra dicted by the occupiers of the hut. If Mr. fihegog felt the hands and feet why did he not make it known at the time and not leave with out saying anything to any one. It never was the ' spirit of a shepherd,' nor did I say so. I said a shepherd was drowned near there some years ago. If 'Fred. Woodbury' will read my iast report correctly he will find that when I was there 'the knocking was kept up while both lamp and fire were burning, and that the fire was bnrning all the time.' There is nothing 'absurd' about that. As to the ' youngsters and the ' strings,' it is in keeping with the rest of the letter. Other people have as good eyes as ' Fred. Woodbury', bas ; perhaps are no more superstitions than he ' is, and are very anxious to find oat the myetery. All who have visited the hut from this direction are of opinion that the children had nothicg whatever to do with the knocking. Many as big sceptics as 'Fred Wood bury' have been there and come away thoroughly convinced that it is some thing most unnatural, and not performed by any human agency. The ghost, while I was there, was correct in all its information, which is more than 'F.W.' is. No doubt ' F.W.' is a very clever person in his own little way ; but he ought to go and see for him self as I did, and I am confident that he will write in a very different strain when he gets back. It will puzzle him to find 'strings,' 'feet,' &c.; The spirit bas followed thejrtrl to her uncle's at filackrock, where 'F.W.' can hear it whenever he takes the trouble to go there — if he is not too much of a coward to do so. — I am, &c;, CRADOCK CORRESPONDENT. 