the grounds of our faith. Thns, - brethren, has opened ' before ne a brief- , glimpse into the field of evidence of ... Revelation. The three grounds to which we refer our faith are C&tholio; consent, Critical conclusions, and Personal faith; The great historical ehurohes have disfigured and corrupted the first ; the Parit&n; churches have degraded the latter, and made their, oUims for Scripture narrow and impossible ; fanaticism has seized the third, and changed it into a laughing-stock for levity, a sadness for the thoughtful and sober believer. I plead for a large and eatholie aoeeptanoe of the three grounds of evidence. How it will bring ns into sympathy with the Cnristian iaith of all the ages ! >Ve long for a united Christendom. Let us at least look in one way, even if as yet we cannot march together in one com pany. The free and generous acceptance of these principles will moreover give wel come to all the advances of a trne and liberal oritioism. Even the so-o&lled; higher criticism oan only bring in freBh laureiB for the victorious trnth, and win new fields of certitude for the Book of God. And then how will the uni versal doetrines of Christendom and the last discoveries of the schools become strong and overwhelming in the applied faith of the true believer. What, after all, are the most splendid expressions of a common Christianity in gorgeous ceremonial, or stately and well-ordered symbol, or the clear and convincing conclusions of a diligent and generous learning, compared to the Chris bly life? Those you must leave to ecclesiastic and aeholar ; and you, it may be, are neither of these. But there is for you, for all of you— the old man, the child, the merchant, the seamstress, the preacher, the artisan — the high road which is God's high road, the home which can be Christ's home, the workshop which may be illumined like a temple of the Holy Ghost. There you may illustrate the virtues, and show the graces, the spread, the power of this gospel, i his Revelation — this Book. These await you, brethren, and it is for these God gives His help, His spirit. It is these that lead to the glories and the rewards of that eternal life, which is with and through Jesus Christ our Lord. 