I*lectiras Nigtht.'. The german professor, wlen he had finished our lesson, and was waiting for' the thunder shower to pans-for, though he had brought his' big b'ue umbrella, he did not care to face the flashes of lightning- suddenly. turned to us, and said : SIt was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold-" We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story ;, he always began in this way. without preface. "In my native village,?.. he said people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which e :'call 'Meetiing Nght,' and with his" own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. people believe this but very few ever try the spell. When it comes to the point, ghosts scarcely ever prove satis factory ; and writing in one's own blood is rather a solemn proceeding, especially in the hour of midnight. " One man who had lost his sweet heart did it. They said he saw her, but he bled to death from the wound he gave himself to get the blood, hav ing ace'idently severed an artery. "When I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things of the past. I left in haste. I had a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about aladylloved. Fritz Wagner told me something that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn-the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, standing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light' his coat off, his sword in his hand. He looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious. The word was given. I .lid my best to wound him. He merely defended himself. Then he lay on the ground at my feet, and my second hur ried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where a carriage awaited me. " Go" lie said. ' The quicker the better! You have killed your cousin . Leopold.. This place will not be safe for you. The coachman drove furiously, as for me, I was in a sort of dream. ' Had I killed Leopold whomn I loved so?' I asked myself Then I replied: 'He deserved it. He deserved it. I did well. * .!' The next day I left Germany. I came to Australia, I established myself here. One day, ih the midst of the great throng in Collins Street, I met Fritz Wagner. He looked like a ghost \--gray, hollow-cheeked-scarcely more than a skeleton. -:"' You see it,' lie said, as I glanced -at him ; I am dying. This is my ad dress. Do not call untilIsendforyou; but when I do, come at once. Swear it.' "' My friend.' I said, ' let me come before that. Let me help you if I can.' "'?~o,' lie said, 'no ;'. and turned away. " Three mnonths afterwards a mes senger came to me at" midnight, and said: strength to speak. "'Frederick,' he said, ' I have a confession to make. I lied about Therese. I was in love with her. When.I said I saw her. kiss Leopold and all the rest, it was true enough ; but the Leopold was her sister's little baby, named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. I t?ook my oath to the truth of my state *meat. For that, I am suffering: the torments of the lost.' . "With these terrible words on his lips, he died. S"And now remorse seized me. I suffered agonies when I remembered iy true love, Therese, and my dear cousin, Leopold, I could not rest. I knew nothing of the fate of mny friends in Germany, out I resolved at last to return and see Therese, who, if she •lived, was forty years old, and beg her forgiveness, and to give myself up to the authorities as my cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expi. atibn. "I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in the -next steamer for my native home. " I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last Ireached it late on the night of a stormy simmer day. I walked from the station to the hotel, and on my way .the lightning fltshed through the heavens. I passed a tree riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and \- saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. "I stopped and laid it aside on the moss. As I-did so a feather fell from itSbroken wing, and on the instant it occurred to me-that this very night was the mystic Meeting Night, and that it was with thel quill of a bird that one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faithl in the superstition ; but wi'asrTina attinge mood, ;andshoyond shone the- windows : of the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. " Iseized the little quill:;.' I turned my steps toward the sacred edifice. It was empty. I entured. The lights burn palely, few: and far between. I -passed up the aisle, and kneeling, toolk .~.lknife from my pocket and -cut my finger slightly ; then, having pointed the little quill, I~dipped itin my blood , and wrote the name of Leopold. ,The Shiinder rolled overhead as I did so. TIhe colors of thepainted:windows greiv :ibrilllant as the lightning flashed, and hthen: agsain were dim and 'dusky. 'Suddenly Iheard a voice breathe my name-- Frederickl!'" It came from alove. '-Ilooked up. In the gallery stood a fligure all in black, save for a ih while band upon its forehead. It had tlie'face of Therese, but paler, thinner. .Its white hands were hers. It stretched t.hem ount towards me, as in greeting. It waved them in farewell. It was 'gone. ""A spirit had appeared to me Therese's spirit. Then she, too, Was Sd d.e Still on my knees, powerless to ,move, I awaited the mysteries of this .strange night. Again I was accorded a :::vision. Leopold stodd there-a sad :::gray. Leopold-but I knew him. I uttered his name. He answered: " ' Is it Frederick ?' \- "'Ghost of my friend,' I replied, ') h Ie :h returned to make expiation. Frita 'Wagner lied to me, and so I left my 'love, and murdered you. I lhave die cocvered the truth. I return to give myself to justice. You shall be avenged, dear spirit. Pray for me' iil heaven,, and forgive me.' "The spirit advanced.. 't stimiled. It seized me by the hands with a warm living clasp. ----, : -: , ."' I will forgive youl, he said. " God. knows I have forgived.; but as yet I only hope for heaven...: I am no, ghost, Frederick. You did 'not kill !me;.- iJ recovered in a little while. A jealous man is mad man. I know tthat. :I. never ceased to love you.' "'He opened his arms. I fell into; them. We embraced. " But Therese ' I sa:d. ' Surely, it was her spirit that I saw.'-.. 7- | •"" I saw . i also,' he answered. 'Therese is dead to the world. She is a nun in the convent close: at hand. After you had been gone five years, I asked her to marry me ; but she could love but once, : When her mother:.died she took the veil... On this anniversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigiL This is the night -II 'also come. And Therese looks down on me and smiles. This.she esteems a sin, and expiates with penance: but I live on it the year through. To-night slhe saw only you. . She forgot me, Ah; Frederick, what folly you committed in leaving her !' "I bowed my head in contrition, and just at that moment there arose from the dark gallery the soft, sweet sound of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. - - " Together, standing hand in hand, we listened. Then; arm in arm, weleft' the cathedral. " I returned to Australia soon after ward. Leopold remained: behind. Every year he goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting Night-every year until the last he wrote : "' I have seen her. With her eyes she sent an angel's love to you.' "But last yrar this is what he wrote : "'She is dead. I believe that she will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity." Fortune in the cup.-Here. are a few" old women's signs" for you, girls; If single persons happen to have two spoons in their cup, it is a sign that they will figure prominently at a wed ding before the year is out. IE you put milk or cream in your tea before the sugar, it will "cross your love." If a tea-stalk floats in the cup, it is called "a beau." Unmarried ladies, wheh this happens, should stir their tea round briskly, and then plant the-spoon up rightly in the cup, holding it quite still with the fingers.. If the "beau " in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it the " bdin " will be certain to come that evening. If the sides of the cup atract, the j beau'! will not come. We may observe that it depends upon the state__ofthe atmosphere whether the tea-stalk is attracted to the middle or sides of the cup. It isa-sign of fair weather if the cluster of small air bubbles, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collect them selves and remain in the centre of the cup. The co .trary when they strugglb to the sides--it will certainly rain in a few hours. 