Dreaming, Silently,. sweetly, we walked and pondered, I and my love, in the golden dawn. Just one pencil of wild light wandered Through the Eastern gale of glory drawn — tvitu voice prophetic a gentle quiver Swept through the leaves, while here and there, With tremulous start, and sigh, and shiver, Flowerets opened their petals fair. Nightlay calm on licr bed of flowers, Faint with the perfumes which they shed; Hushed to sleep while the rosy hours Drew day's mantle around her bed. Up through the East a great'ning glory, . Flushed and purpled the placid bay ; Touched with fire the ruin hoary, And the white ships floating far away. So she drew near me, and so we wandered, Down the hill to the sandy beach — Something I think of love's wealth squan dered Passed from the soul of each to each — Something noble and pure, but whether It was God's or love's gift know not I, But I know that in Summer or Winter weather I will hold it sacred till I die. Ah ! we were liappy, but something lingered 'Twixt love's gladness and joys surcease, Our Te Deums too lightly fingered Sank to chants for a soul at peace. Taints of earth in our golden heaven, Gleams prophetic in tearful eyes, Wearied palates which fain wonld leaven With sorrow the manna of Paradise. Perhaps I am straining beyond my tether, Yearning for days which may never be ; But I. trust that this weary stormy weather Is passing away from earth and me. Who can blame if I sometimes wander From humbler duties to dreams afar. When I know that my darling waits the yonder Under the placid evening star ? Shorter, or longer life, what matter When our years are only a long, long paint Merely the first few drops which patter, Telling of coming storms of rain. Merely the first light airs which wander Forth e'er the mighty tempest fall — o Dreams prophetic of souls which ponder On coming glories— that is all I The dark sea moans as a tired sleeper Sighs with a secret half express'd; But death is a riddle darker, deeper, Which struggles vainly within my breast. Far in that dying light so tender, She is waiting and watchingfor me, I know; Peering out through its golden splendor ; Take me, darling I I long to go I Sometimes visions of hope float to me, Dreams of rest in tbe spirit-land ; Saintly melodies thrilling through me, Wafted wide from the purple strand. Lift me up from the world of sadness ! t Draw me sweet through the golden gate I To realms of passionate, palmy gladness, Hasten darling 1 I wait 1 I wait 1 In the purple gloaming I sit here thinking Of the vanished one whom my soul loved best; While the sun is slowly and sadly sinking Down through gates of the golden west. I know there is. rest for me up yonder, Over the long Pacific swell, And the rest of Heaven looks softer, fonder. From earth's sad couches of asphodel. J. S. Wood. Sagacity. — Instances of the sagacity of dogs arc quite innumerable. A Massachusetts paper adds one to the list, exhibiting this intelligent animal in a new capacity, that of newspaper carrier. Passengers on the after noon " scoot " train from Springfield may daily witness in Westfield an instance of canine intelligence that is quite worthy to go on record. ' Soon after tbe train passes the trap-rock quarry, on tbe outside of the track used by eastward bound trains, a dog can be seen racing along with the cars until a paper is thrown off by the baggage-master. The dog instantly seizes it, and, after giving a bark of acknowledgement, trots down the enbank- ment to the house of his owner not far away. The sagacious animal is apparently of New foundland and St. Bernard breed, and for three or four years as acted as news- carrier in the way described. Every day except Sunday, summer and Winter, he goes to his post on the track at about the time the train is due, and there awaits the throwing of the paper. It is said that he not only knows the hour when the train should come along, but that on one day in seven there is no need of his services. Apparently the dog has also learned to know the whistle of his train from any other, for if in the road or yard when the whistle is sounded, half a mile down the track, he rushes for his station. _ © Difficulty is a severe instructor, set over us by the supreme ordinance of a parental guardian and legislator, who knows us better than we know ourselves, and he loves us better too, Hethat wrestles with us, strengthens our nerves, and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper. This amicable conflict with difficulty obliges us to intimate acquaintance with our object, and compels us to consider it in all its rela tions. It will -not suffer us to be superficial. Customs of the Omaha Indians— The Omahas, it appears, form a nation with a considerable body of ordinances. Their su preme chief is the " sacred pole." It is a cotton-tree which, wanting a ruler, they felled two hundred years ago, and, having put bair on its head, invested with authority. It is regularly greased. A prominent- warrior is believed to have lost his leg from omitting to grease tbe pole. Scalps are offered to it, Omahas are imaginative in their names. Among them are " Rusty-yellow Qorn husk," " Stomach Fat," "Forked Lightning Walks," " She who is Returuing Bellowing," and "She who is Made Muddy as She Moves." Omaba matrimonial law is based, like that of most primitive clans, on the view that the community has all the same ancestors. An Omaha may not wed bis deceased wife's sis ter unless tbe dying wife should have said to her brother, " Pity your brother-in-law. Let him marry my sister." Polygamy, within limits, is lawful, with the first wife's consent. A man may not lawfully speak to his wife's grandmother. So strict is the Omaha"1 etiquette about mothers-in-law that a son-in-law will fly from the room in which his mother-in-law happens to be. Omahas are cleanly in their habits ; tbey bathe daily. An untidy man or woman is nicknamed " The man who does not wash his hands," or " The woman who does not comb her hair." They are so redoubtable as archers that they can send an arrow right through a buffalo. They are skilful in games, one of which, described as shooting at the rolling wheel, might be popular in Europe, Dancing, however, is their favorite pastime ; and they have a variety of societies or clubs, each of which owns a characteristic dance. There is the rare buffalo dance, danced after the recovery of a patient by doctors, who may invite members of the horse dance, and not of the wolf dance. The grizzly bear Hmw has not been danced for ten years. Its dancers paint their bodies yellow, and one wears a grizzly bear's skin. The scalp dance is a woman's dance. In the ghost dance no woman may join. Cheer for the Bed-room.— The furniture of a country bed-room should never be heavy. Exquisite suits of common pine, covered with cretonne or- sateen, are now admired more than wood ; but ash, oak, or satin-wood, are still the conventional materials. Draped dressing- bureaus or "tables" are extremely pretty. -They are merely pine structures covered with frills and flounces, and holding an upright mirror from which falls a sweep of effective drapery. A garniture of bows and even artificial flowers is permitted, but the latter are always in dubious taste, and better not tampered with. A bedstead of lNM>or nickel, hung with white curtaiBei it How Salt is Made at Syracuse;— The water is pumped from the wells and stored in large reservoirs, from which it is drawn off and conveyed to the several blocks where it passes through a duct made of elm logs. Upon each side of this duct are cast-iron hemispherical kfettles, thirty-six inches in di ameter. These vessels extend the whole length of the building and are filled with the brine. The huge furnaces are then started up, and the work of evaporating goes on. Tbe heat is driven nnder the kettles by means of powerful blowers. The evaporation of a kettle of water takes from five to thirty hours, according to its proximity to the fire. The salt is dipped out of the kettle in oval shovels and placed in baskets, where it is al lowed to drip for a few hours. It is then thrown into a huge bin to be removed to another building. The refuse from the evaporation is called M bittern," and is of a chalky, pasty substance. It is discharged into a waste drain. The salt is carried into a four story build ing, where it first passes through a solution of acids for purpose of decomposing the chlorides. This is oalled the washing process. The salt is then sifted to drain off the pickle, and falls into the cellar, where it remains for some time. It is shovelled into a large bin, from which it is carried in caps on a belt to a boiler twenty-six feet long. The interior of this boiler contains several spiral parti tions running lengthwise, and upon which the salt works its way until it is deposited in a.bin at the other end. It becomes thoroughly dry by this process. Cups again take it and carry it to an upper floor in the building, .where it goes through a sifting and grinding process. The salt intended for dairy pur poses is ground upon granite rollers, while that for table use passes through an ordinary flouring mill. The article is now ready for use, and all that remains is to properly prepare it for shipping. In the front of the building is a railroad track, while in the rear is the Erie Canal. The article js put up in bags, boxes, and barrels. In the packing-room a num ber of girls are emploped. In putting np the salt they usually work in pairs. One girl fills a bag and then passes it to her com panion, who, with a few quick stitches, closes the end. They are paid from eight to twenty cents per hundred bags, according to thesize, and a smart girl can earn on an average about a dollar and a quarter a day. The article is then ready to be sent to all parts of the country. It must first be inspected, and a penny duty collected for every bushel manu factured. The salt springs are all worked by private individuals, who lease the property for a term of ninety-nine yean. Lightning Stroke inthe Rocky-Moun tains- - The curious case of G. S. Edwards, who wn« struck by lightning .while crossing Iron Hill, at Leadville, Colorado, on Jnly 4 is attracting considerable interest among scientific men. After tbe flash, Mr. Ed wards remained unconscious for fifteen minutes before receiving assistance. The ightning struck him on the left cheek, and after knocking out a number of his teeth passed diagonally across the breast to the right side. It then descended the body to the foot, emerging from the right boot. It passed entirely through \he foot, leaving a hole similar to that made by a bullet. The -lathing was torn into fragments, particles :>eing found a distance of two hundred feet. Both of the boots were entirely destroyed, ind one of them carried sixty feet away. I'hc ground where the man was standing was c<>rn up for a considerable distance. The :<ntrse of the electric current along the body wis marked by a black and red streak one uid a half inches wide. The worst effect of lie streak seems to have been on the lungs. V severe hemorrhage was produced, by which i quart of blood was lost. In addition to chose injuries, the surface of tbe body was ilmost covered with blisters ; the result of igly burns. This, we believe, is the first intlientic record of a person being injured by igbtning at an elevation of 10,500 feet. It is remarkable such severe internal injuries were not followed by death. The United States Commissioners are still continuing their labors in the direction ->f acclimatising flatfish to American waters, which are nearly as well suited to the Pleuranetcidce as English waters. Several Attempts have been made to transmit them rom England alive, but hitherto with little success. Information has, however, reached .is to tbe effect that fifty soles daring last month were sent by the Derby Museum authorities at Liverpool, twenty-five of which reached their destination alive. Prof. Baird, rhc Chief Commissioner, states that the fish are in a thriving condition and feed well. They have been placed in a suitable habitat at Washington Station, and are being watched with special care. The soles, which are about three inches long, were transmitted in glass globes attached to the ceiling of the cabin of the S.S. Britannic. This method minimises the risk of injury to the fish through t he oscillation of the vessel, as the receptacles being swung, move backwards and forwards with the motion of the steamer. The National Fish Culture Association intend forwarding to America another consignment of flafcfinii next month in order to assist the operations of the Commissioners. The sole is a very delicate fish, and cannot withstand the strain of protracted journeys. During a seyere thunderstorm which passed over Central Norway recently a re markable example of the power of lightning was witnessed. In a field at Loiten a fir-tree 80 feet in height was struck by lightning some 12 feet from the ground, with the effect that the tree was cnt in halves and the upper portion — about 60 feet in length — thrown a distance of several yards. The most curious part, is, however, that the surface of the detached part is as smooth as if the tree had been sawn through, whilst that of the stump remaining in the ground is jagged, charred, and splintered . to the root. The ground around the tree is farrowed in all directions, one being several feet in width and depth, and extending for some 10 yards. A spruce- tree close by shows a furrow an inch in width running from a height of 6 feet down to the root. Sea Water as a Preservative.— The Vigo Bay Treasure Company, of London, lately received a carious collection of articles taken 'from the treasure galleons sunk in tbe harbor of Vigo, Spain, 1702. There are spe cimens of logwood and mahogany that in spite of their 184 years' submersion, are in perfect state of preservation. Dyers who have experimented with the logwood state it is even better for dyeing purposes thauthe wood now imported. The mahogany, too, is very fine and solid. One log has arrived 12 feet long and 22- by 23 inches square, which is now being sawed np to be used in the manufacture of furniture and walking sticks for momentoes. The chief curiosity, how ever, is an ancient pulley block, 4J feet high by 3 feet broad, with four solid copper sheaves, 18 inches in diameter. It is of solid oak, and was probably used in hoisting heavy articles of merchandise or the anchors. The wood is perfectly preserved, but an iron band is completely corroded away, while the cop per wheels are only slightly oxidized. Mr. C. A- Wheeler, Swindon, gives the following remedy for warts on the hands of milkers: Night and morningapply a saturated solution of salt in brown pickling vinegar. Let the owner of the hand take a pint bottle nearly filled with best brown pickling vine gar : drop in a little table salt, shake, and and more ; continue this till the vinegar will not take up more. The application may be at any convenient time — twice or thrice daily. There is but one thing without honor ; smitten with eternal barrenness, inability to do or to be, insincerity, unbelief. He who believes nothing, who believes only the show of things, is not in relation with nature or (act at all. ( 