The Priest's Overcoat. 4 Hurry on, thin, Molly, asthore, or his rever ence will he gone, and we can't get buckled this day,' said Paddy Rafferty to a buxom, rosy- cheeked giri trudging beside iiini. 4 Shure, thin, Paddy, it's but nine and tinpence we have got and he'll never marry us under the pound.' 4 Well, agra, we'll give him the change any way ; and shure enough here we are at the cha pel.' They entered, the man looking sheepish, and twirling liis hat nervously, whilst the girl, now that the decisive moment had arrived, walked with d free, firm step into the sacristy. Father Doherty waB just preparing to leave. 4 Hallo, Molly j what do you want? Paddyi my boy, it's not. thinking of marrying you are ?' he Bhouted, in stentorian tones. He was a hurley man, red-faced and corpu lent. 4 Shure, thin, it is just that, and nothing else. Would you believe it your riverence, I have come here to get tied to Molly ?' 4 Hum — hum — have yoa the money ?' 4 Well, father, you see, I could only scrape to gether nine and tinpenco. We're poor folks, yer hoDor, sir ; so perhaps you'll do it for that.' 4 My fee is a pound, Paddy Rafferty ; well you know it, you ruffian. Not a penny less.' 4 Oh, thin, father,' here put in Molly, plain tively, 4 1 pawned me only other gown for three shillings, and sorra a stitch I have, nor Paddy aither, except what we have got on us. Shure you won't be too bard on us.' 4 Borroy it from Borne of your neighbors. I will not perform tbe ceremony for a penny lesj. There, now, don't cry, there's a good girl. I'll give you a quarter of an hour to raise the money ; so be off with you.' He seated himself in a comfortable chair, took out his breviary, and was soon deep in prayer. After about 20 minutes the pair returned with radiant faces. 4 Here, father, is the balance,' cried Molly, as she triumphant' produced a bright half sove reign and two dirty coppers. The priest smiled benignly. 4 Well, well uiy children, I am very pleased indeed to be the instrument, under Providence, of uniting you in holy matrimony.' He went through tbe ceremony, and when it was over, Molly approehed him timidly, finger ing something nervously. 4 Am I married fast and certain now, father ?' she asked, anxiously. 4 As fast as Holy Church can tie you, my child. Even I could not undo what I have done. You're Paddy Rofferty's wife till death,' he an swered, benevolently patting her dark hair. 4 You're share, father ?' she demanded again. 'Certain. I'll swear it if you like,' jocosely. 44 1 wish you joy, my children ; and now I'll go.' 4 Stop a bit ; I have something for you. We are married safe now, onyway, and here's the ticket for yer honor.' The ghost of a smile curled Molly's full lips, and her dark eyes twinkled mischievously as she hauded him the pnper she had been fiddling with. 4 What tbe — what is the meaning of this ?' asked Father Doherty Bternly. He turned to Rafferty for an explanation. 4 Shure, thin, father — would you believe ? — but Molly here took yer honor's overcoatj and brought it down to ould Byrne, the pawnbroker round tbe corner, and, be me sowl, she popped it for tin and tuppence, and shure there's the ticxet for yer riverence, and you can git the coat out when you pays the money.' 