The Library Table. IT . is .anticipated that, the life , of Charles Darwin, by his. eons, .will bo , published in October.; . . . A. cojtPLETE .'sot of original. editions of Dickens .was soldrecently to an Amorican dealer for£240; MESSRS. WHITTAKER AND CO. have published " John Bull'8 Army, from a Frenohi Point of View," by Captain H. Franco., . MESSRS. CIUTTO ; AJJD * SVINDUS will publish shortly a new volume by Mr.-W. Clark Russell, entitled "?rA Book for the'Hammock."; ... . TIIE new story which " Ouida" is writing,is said to bo a picture of society in Koine and Loiidon-on the lines ot her tale 'fin a Winter City." . A?f elaborato edition of Dumas's-." Count of Monte Cristo," with 400 pictures, is promised by Messrs. Routledge. The issue for England is to be limited to 1*0 copies. UNDER the title of "Pagan Pearls," Mr. Elliot Stock announces a collectionof precepts concerning the conduct of life, taken from the writings of non- Christian teachers. .PROFESSOR HENRY MORLBY has undertaken to;.edit for Messrs. 'Koutledge ah edition of Schiller's Plays, and. Poems," as translated rby Lord Lytton, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and others. PROFESSOR A. J. CHURCH'S new book will tell the story of early Britain at* the time of the departure' of the" Romans, and will be pub lished under the title, "Tho Count; of tho Saxon Shoie." : . ' « , THE Chineso. are entering " the ,"English book i markets, as purchasers of their Ownliteraturo; arid it.is said that Chinese works are constantly sent back to China, the sale: being sufficient to' encourage this. \ MR. BBANDER MATTHEWS, following the rage for ireprints of scattered < papers, is making a volume of his minor writing-sunder- the title "Pen and Ink: Essay son Subjects of More or :Le8SImportance." . '» THIS is what Mark Twain writes about his new book: ."Yes, I am writing it; have been writing it for three years, and it is nearly half' done. You see yourself there can be no hurry about naming it yet." IT. ARCHDEACON FARRAR is engaged on an intro duction to Sir Walter Scott's "Tales of a. Grandfather," and it will appear in a new edition of that work, to be printed by Messrs. A. and C. Black, of Edinburgh. - .. . " TKE REAL LIXOOLN" is the title given to' a maes of Lincolniana, which Mr. S. S. M'Olure has obtained from Colonel Ward Lathon, one' of the President's law partners. It is said to bo full of unpublished material. A " WALT WHITMAN SOCIETY " is mooted in 7 America.. The objects proposed are the colleo-, tion and preservation of Whitman literature, - tho cultivation of interest in and knowledge of Walt's writing, and the general building up of. a cult on the Browning pattern. HERE S. B. VAN- KAXPEX'S biography of the' Dutch historian Van Kampen, which has been' delayed, will be issued very soon in two volumes. " It is anticipated that the record will provido tho reader with a sketch of tho Dutch world' of'' letters that is new to England. Messrs. Low and Co. are the publishers. : MR. CHARLES HAXNAN, of Glasgow, has in' the press, with Messrs. Swan, Sonnenscheimi'r and Co., a volume to be entitled "A Swallow's Wing," dealing with phases of life in -China - under tho garb of fiction. The scene is laid chiefly in Pekin, and the author's descriptions h are from personal -study of the Chineso race.in' ? that city and elsewhere. . The volume id; expected to be ready in October. J T. .. \- ? .PAUL], and Fritz Sarasin have "been4" making a grand'tour.lhro:jgh"Ceylori, studying closely by the " way 'the. anthropology," natural V history, and.the: mineral characteristics of tho', province. The; rvsearehes extended over two years, and wcro^<atensive''that'tW travellersi think the^ have something now to tell. Thfiy', are writing, a book , of .Jour ,volumes,' two - being devoted*. toTzooIogy; a'; third, to *anthro-!i p6logy,]and a fourtK to a general description^)! tho island. . - r& ?. .TIIE " Life of Benvenuto Cellini" haslound;. admirers.. Goethe - translated. it,, and Aiignsto Comto placed it .on. his.lUt for...the. .; perusal of reformed: Humanity, ilfr. Jolin,* Aritiington Syinonds is busy -on a.new tranla-;' tion of it. The work is to rbe illustrated with '. n:portrait and eight etchings; and IS-reproducf tions of tho works of tho master printed in * gold, silver, and bronze. .The work will be in. two volumes;; 500 will comprise the edition for England. There' are alao to .bo: 100: copies ; priilteil on large paper; . Mr. J. C. Nimmo is the publisher. . . ; . . niTirr.nTo style lias been the great touchstono; of,tho French literary man. Within tho.past years or K> a new school has sprung up, tho *. members of which seem determined to make the"' ghosts of Cardinal' Richelieu and ;the earlier academicians turn with horror in' their graves.* '1 hose young men ' called themselves "Des, D6eadcnts,"- and thoy wrote prose and veratJ1 which had u sticcctn de curiosity, bccause the' writers had disfigured and distorted the French language 'so as to-make it unrecognisable, and tho audacity -of their attempts ar-. rested attention. -The-" Decadents" were fol lowed by tho 4tDeliqu«fccents"'the "Literary Incoberonts," aud now by tho "Symbo-. lifpio Inst rumen tibte" school. Theso writers find thtifc Moliere, Itenau, aud Daudet are 'not good enough for them, and thcyinust needs' try to form a'stylo for a generation which is tirwl of old model**. Th<?y have reviews of; their own, und if they fail in propagating their ideas with success they will atleast (a oorre hpotident remarks), have tho satisfaction of it (lording niiiu*omeiit to tlio playgoera who piitnjui*} the heterogeneous untertiiinme/iU in wluch tho oveuts of the year oro caricatured, . 