The Lighthouse of Bluff Cape. BT A. B. BELL. CHAPTER XIII. A Ride for Life or Death. In the low branches heavily laden with dew, In the Ions grasses spoiling with dead wood that day, Where thfe blackwood, the box, and the bastard oak grew, ., Between the tall gum-trees we gallop'd away. We crashed through a brush fence, we splashed through a swamp, We steered for the north near the eagle-hack's nest, We bore to the left just beyond the " Red Camp," And round the black ti-tree belt wheel'd to the west. -A. L. GORDON. Florence, as she allowed the jiony to gallop on, gtiidea hita with a steady hand at unslack'ed speed; her nerves highly strung she scorned danger, and she took a wild kind of mournful pleasure in dashing madly through the thick timber. The saplings bent and swayed as the pony bounded through them. Florence sat the plucky little horse without one thought of fear as he rose like a deer to top the fallen trunk of some giant tree. Swerving neither to the right or left they dash at the steep banks of the stony creek-sliding and slithering down they go ; the sparks fly from the pony's hoofs as he rattles over the stones and boulders, then dashes at the opposite bank. He struggles gamely up the steep sides, and on, on over the dusty plain they scour, now leaving a cloud behind them, they reach the ti-tree swamp. One road winds away a mile or more to the right, another some distance to the left, but Florence heeds them not; straight as the crow flies she holds her course for Wallangra, and they splash through the mud and water-floundering, plunging, on they go till the swamp is crossed, and breasting the ironbark ridges they gallop still. Florry knows her lover's life may depend upon her pony's speed. She knows not which of the two roads Reggie may take to the Bluff, and should she miss him it would be death. No, she must never stop till "Wallangra is reached; she must get there before he has set out, or her desperate ride is in vain, therefore she spares not her gallant pony. The flecks of foam are gathering on his haunches, and are dashed from his shining sides; his wide nostrils are extended, but his steel-wire legs never flag. He is real grit this pony, his lean, game head stretched forward shows pluck all over, and his performance this day will not disgrace his pedigree. He seems to feel that life and death depend upon his speed and endurance j an electric current of sympathy seems to animate him with the feelings of his rider, and he ploughs up the sand of the pine ridge; he crosses the Fandanus spur, and spurns the turf behind him; he bounds over and through the grass tree tussocks without one trip or stumble. But now below them on the flat runs the river right across their path, and for a moment Florence seems to hesitate. There's a ford a mile above and a ford a mile below, but here the river runs deep and broad, and many a treacherous alligator lurks beneath its placid surface. But Flo presses her lips together, then opens them as if to breathe a prayer, then calmly, steadily she steers the pony straight for the river's bank. With a snort and a bound he descends the bank and plunges in the stream ; right over his little game ears the water rises; the pony disappears, while the water rises up under Flo's arms until she is nearly floated out of the saddle, then up comes the pony's nose out of the water, his head and neck follow, and he snorts and puffs like an engine, but stoutly he swims and gallantly he bears his rider; though out of his element, he still shows his pluck, and approaches the opposite bank. But there is a rushing sound in the water behind him, and Florence turns to look. Involuntarily she screams j the great long ugly head of a monstrous alligator protrudes from the water; he opens his mouth to disclose a formidable row of teeth as he dashes in pursuit. " Gome Hero, good Hero, make but one effort more, my noble horse," she cried, and the pony, as if he knew and understood the words, with one spring and bound lands on the bank, and escapes those great snapping jaws, though his flank is torn and bleeding from the saurian's cruel claws, so narrow has been their escape. That swim has cooled the pony, and washed the sweaty foam from his glistening coat, but he blows and puffs in evident distress. But they are nearly at their journey's end, the paddock fence is in sight. The pony gathers himself, together as Florence encourages him and shakes the reins. With a cheer ing cry she rises the pony at the fence, then up they spring j with a splendid bound they clear the great high fence with three inches to spare, and bursting from among the green timber they enter the cleared land. The station is now in sight, and again with an encouraging cry to the pony Florence guides him straight over and among the fallen logs and timber. As they rattle along the giant dead trees still stand ing threaten to showefc down on their heads the decaying bare boughs and huge giant limbs. There is a moment or two of anxious suspense, then Florence sees the blackboy running up the horses. Yes, there's old " Whitefoot," Reggie's favorite horse, and-yes-there is. Reggie himself, bridle on arm, whistling to the well-trained animal. See, there old Whitefoot comes out of the mob and gallops up to his master. But, ere the bridle can be put on him-, Reggie Sees Florence coming, and waits in wonder and alarm the arrival of the poor girl. Hero comes on with 4 tottering jiacei and almost drops to the ground as Reggie lifts Florence from his back. Flo's pent-up feelings give way she sobs in her lover's arms. But soon she relates the terrible incidents of the night, while Jumbo walks the gallant pony up and down to get him his wind again. Shocked, horrified, and surprised as Reggie and Harold were with Flo's dreadful tidings, they lost no i time in idle conjecture, or deciding on their course of action. Their horses were quickly saddled, and away Harold spurred to get the assistance of the Halls, and Reggie was about to start Dan, the stockman, off to the Wilsons, intending to stay him self with Florence at Wallangra till they arrived. Bnt Florence insisted on going herself to the Wil- j sons, declaring she was not too tired, and that she ' would go mad if she was obliged to sit inactive. So a fresh horse was speedily saddled for Florence,! and Reggie, on Whitefoot, accompanied her, and soon they were galloping full speed for Kyanga, the Wilsons homestead. Reggie saw the girl was right-that in her excited state continued activity and motion: kept her from thinking of the terrible hours of the night, while, once they had reached the Wilsons, the warm, sincere sympathy of the kind-hearted Mrs. Wilson and her daughter, Kate, would help to calm the | feelings of the bereaved girl. I And such indeed turned out to be the case. For, ] when Florence had poured out her sad tale of dis- j tress, there was not one of the Wilson family, male or female, that were not sobbing like children, and poor Florrie felt at once at home with these kind people. The motherly heart of Mrs. Wilson warmed I to this unfortunate girl, and she pressed her to her heart and kissed and soothed her, while Kate, the . tears flowing down her cheeks, stood like a dear j sister by, and aided her mother in doing all she could for this lovely girl in her deep distress. But soon those men with clasped hands stood together and swore to take deep vengeance on those vile wretches; an angry gleam took the place of those tears of sympathy. And soon all the firearms were brought out, cleaned and loaded, the horses brought up and saddled. Then came the question of who was to go, and who should remain to protect the station. Bob and Joe Wilson thought their father should remain. But he as stoutly declared his in* tention of going, and that one of the young men should remain. However, the youngsters carried the day, as both Mrs. Wilson and her daughter im plored the old gentleman to remain. It was affecting to see the parting of the sons from their parents and sister, and Flo clung to Reggie as if she could not bear to part with him. But stern duty called them, and, with an affec- j tionate farewell, the three young men at last broke j away, and cantered off to unite their forces with Harold, the Halls, Jumbo, and Ned, the stockman, at Wallangra. Their united forces would only be eight to eleven, pretty big odds, and with desperate men to Gght. No wonder if Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, their daughter and Florence, thought of that part ing with those gallant youths, and trembled to think it might be for ever. (To be continued.J +_ THE Customs receipts at Normanton for the month ending 31st January were £753 13s lOd, being £80 j 12s 2d decease on the corresponding month of last j year. i IK the British army there are 125,522 Church of England, 14,364 Presbyterians, 8714 Wesleyans, and 39,500 Soman Catholics. THERE'S a woman in Oincinatti, Ohio, who claims to be the largest representative of her sex in the world. She only weighs 7331b. A TRAGEDY occurred at Hamilton (N.Q.) the other day, by which a valuable life was lost* Three little innocents belonging to a man named Jacob Fenner, bailiff on Mr. Marshall's selection, went down to the river to get a billy of water. They were accompanied by a " dorg," which took ic into his head to indulge in a swim. The children reported on their return that a big log had opened its mouth and swallowed it. Alas ! poor "dorg." When alligators are about even dogs should be careful. FRANCE need not "be BO jubilant over the elections in Alsac9, which have returned anti-Biamarokians all round. The Alsatians are all satiable t(Alsace iable). notice it ? " - .# .\'.V SIR CHARLES TD'PPBB, Canadian Minister -of Finance, has been re-elected for Cumberland (Canada) by a large majority. His adherents are locally Baid to belong to the great Tupper Circles. # # # IT is when the bullockiea arrive at Isisford at midnight, and commence the steep accent of the bank of the Barcoo, when the township is enveloped in a mantle of repose, when one of them raises his voice on high and imitates the crowing of a cock, and when flverv rooster for miles , around commences chariti cleering inTeBpon&e;, it is then that the new chum, who has been-sent in for rations with the spring cart, turnB un easily in liis bed at frost's and murmurs to himself dreamily, "JCus it, has morn ing- come already, and I have to be back at the station by ten o'clock. # # * SCENB : Stockmen's hut out West. The boys chyaking the;cookv Simkmm: " Well, Andy, the boBB 'has increased my screw1 at *'' laBt. Won't you ?wish me luck P" .Andy t " Faith I will, Sonny, but tell me how mtich d'ye get now P " . Stockman s '"twenty - five bob j used to be a note, you know." Andy: " Faugh, man, that's nothing. Look at me, old arid all as I am, I get a quid a day and run no risk of breaking my neck as you felloWsdo.'-' Stockman: "A pound a day! Nonsense !" Andy: "Faith yes, but the deuce of it is, I'm only paid for one day in the week." # * . SCENE : A selector's- house, Mar^r; Rive?, ^ime, heavy downpour ofrajn. , Visitor : Vf Why don't you mend your rcof, Pat. It must be terribly unpleasant to have so m$iny drops falling ins^e th^Jiouse/' Ykt: " Ib it mend it' now, in a storm like that P Fegs, I know better." Visitor; " Oh/r notnoW, of coujfse, 'but some fine day, I mean." ' ; ' ' : ; Pat: u An* whla-t would be the good of mendin' it then P Sure when there's no.rain, the, divil a better roof a daceiit boy could, want than the one above yer head, sir." ; :: V " SCENE : Sheep camp in the South Gregory. Squatter ridesup. Time moonlight night. St^ttgr.*. " Hi! Who's here P Is that you, \ BUI ? What in the name of thunder axe you doing oufc here with your flook ? BushedP" Bill,: " No, not; bushed, sir, but ye see the over seer's always badgerin' .me for bavin' me sheep, in the yards after sunrise* so I'm goin' to camp 'em out in future to. stop his bloomin' jaw." # * . capital/' e%y s ihe Bard, as he threw baok his .long locks* and wiped the froth from his mous tache,. ('$6t it aiiit, it*? Ijeer," said tlhe Imnatic, " the sixpe^pe' you handed over was the bapital." Eaethquakes in Italy j 16,000 lives lost. A church at Bagardo fell," burying -300 worshippers. One-third of the residents of Bussana were buried i£ the rains of that town. 10,000 people have fled from Nice. * # # ; A gentleman travelling through the Peak Downs was overtaken by an old-man storm. As he was on horseback and totally unprotected, he perceived with delight a shepherd's hut in the distance, and im mediately made tracks for it. The shepherd greeted him right royally, placed the best he had at his disposal, and during tea-time launched forth into sundry reminiscences of the past. 'M'A-.TJ DIE. " Were you not manager of -^- station on the Darling in the early fifties P" queried the stranger, as the old man brought a racy adventure to a close, and gulphed down a pint of tea3 in lieu .of something stronger. "On, yes," wa? the reply," I've always been manager of something or other. That time I Bupered .eighty thousand sheep, the pick of the whole river, now (pointing to the yard without) Fm down to fifteen hundred. It's only a matter of quantity, you Bee, no more." s SCENE ; Station store. Knowing old sundowner applies for a job of shepherding. ' Manager: (r What experience liave you ?" | S.D.: " Three years on the next station, boss." ; Manager: " How came you to leave ?" ! S.D.: "Sheep all crawlers, boss; not a decent flock on the place. Must go bung some time or other, so thought it my duty to slope afore the crash domes." ] Manager (who is not on visiting terms with the sjtation in question): "Ah! all crawlers, eh ? Dif ferent sheep on this establishment, though. Come i^p in the morning, my good fellow, and I'll find you a flock somewhere." * # # SIR WM. ROBINSON, Go vernor of Trinadad, is to succeed Sir Geo. Bowen at Hongkong. Sir Frederick Napier Broome, Governor of Western Australia, is to be Governor of the Straits Settlements. A useful changing here is seen, So kindly are the fates j A new Broome, always sweeping clean, Should straighten up the Straits. # # # AN amateur actor is gene rally an immature actor, # # # "WHEI? one tests a baro meter in the shade, is that a test a spectre- al analysis P 1 need ghost-ly advice on this. # # # BOB the Broker: u Why is this pub., now that it won't tick me, like your place when you're out shep herding?" Jim the Shepherd: "Be cause we can't get a drink there.* Bob: " No." Jim: " Give it up." Bob: " Because it's a bar cut-twig ? Bark hut!" # # # Two mates were arrested for a co-robbery. They were discharged. They imme diately started off and had another corroboree. # * % CAN the Prince of Wales in a Turkish bath be said to be a Royal Male steamer ? However, it's none -of my B. I. S. N.-ess, SCENE: Outside Bryant's sale yards, Maryborough. Old gentleman who requires a hack interrogating local horsey-man. O.G. : "Now, this chestnut, is he quiet ?" H.M.: " As alamb, sir." O.G.: <r Bite or kick ?" H.M.: " Not a thing." O.G,: "Doesn't bolt, I presume P" H.M.: " No, bolts nothing -' except his feed." O.G.: " Very good, I'll take him." Shortly after the sale, the local horsey-man met a mate in Cook's Commercial, and this: is1 what trans pired. Mate: " Ain't that chestnut you sold the old cove one-of thei Dawson brumbies ?" H.M.: " Yes, and the last one, .tea." Mate: " But don't he bite and buck and kick a perisher ?'* H.M.: " Ohj iiDj Wot now. I knocked all Chat out of him. However, he'll be as bad as ever he was in a month. That's no concern of mine, though. Sold him for what he is just now, you see. 