FRAGMENT'S OF FUN. Woman is mortally afraid of a mouse, they say, but a moustache doesn't scare her a I bit. Don't call a very large, strong, sinewy man a prevaricator. If you are sure he Is a prevari cator hire another man to break the news to him. "Wilt thou have me, Sarah '" said a young man to a modest girl. " No, John," said the girl, " but you may have me, if you will." Smith, with effusion: Hallo, Brown, Is that ou ? I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with sadneses : No; it was my brother. Smith, thoughtlessly : What apity I Merchant : Well, porter, I wantyon to sell me all that happened during my absence. Here's a dollar for you. Porter : The boys promised me two dollars if I wouldn't say a word. " I wish you would pay a little attention to what lam saying, sir,' roared a lawyer to an exasperating- witness he was examtning Well. I am psaying as little attention as I can," was thecalm reply. " Who." said a member of the Canadian House of Commons. to the members who were trying to choke him off, " who brayed there?'" It was an echo, retorted a member, amid a yell of delight. " In the sentence-' John strikes Wil. liam', " asked a school teacher in a manufac. taring town, " what is the object of 'strikes' ' " Higher wages and shorter time." promptly replied an intelligent pupil. "I don't l'ke these shoes," said a lady cu tomer, " because the soles are too thick." " Is that the only objection 1" blandly asked the bootmaker. " Yes," was the reply. " Then, madam, if you take the shoes, I can assure you the objection will gradually wear " What Is that big iron thing full of. holes 7' " A locomotive boiler," said Tom. , .,aura looked thoughtful After a moment's silence, she asked : " Why do they boil loco' I motives?" Tom looked amazed. ." To make make tender," be said slowly. I Collector to servant girl : Is Mr. Jonesinu Servant: ?'o, he s out. C. : That's afib. I saw him enter here a minute ago. S. G : I tell you he's out. C. : I say he's not out; I he's in. . O.: Well, he's out of money, and I that out is enough for you, anyway. And it was. ! Boston Hostess: Did you not think the allegro movement of that concerte by BSee, a thoven most inspiring? Friend, from the a West: Stunning I And wasn't Mr. Beethoven himself perfectly eleant I Snobh lovely g whiskers. I do wish he'd play again I " Mary, here's an advertisement in the paper that I think I'd better answer. ' What is it for, John at" " Why, it says 'a. good setter dog for sale, by Edward Slmith.' o Well, what do you want of a setter ogR ohn" "Oh, I dunes, only I thought it might do to watch the house at night; and as It I a setter, we could use him onthe eggs during the day.' At the Coccort.-Young Candid: Did you s aver hear such horribly discordant, ear. l splatting, infernal -. Old Proudlfut: tlr-r-r I That's my eldest daughter, and--. O Young Candid: I repeat, sir, such infernal al :latter as the idiots behind us are making. Why, I can't hear a word of the song. An Australian prelate, on his first journey around, was flng ino the deep mud by a evalve horse. Rising ruefully, with his h :haplain's help, and surveying the place, the 2' isehop consoled himself with the reflection : '' I have left a deep impression int hat a part of the diocese, at any rate." 14 A very deaf Boston man has a charming to wife and a cross dog. One morning a friend net httn and aid : " Good morning, Mr. 1 Blank. Your wife made a very pleasant call B to us last evening." " I'm very sorry," was O he startling answer of the deaf citizen, " I'll lee that it doesn'tocour anaiu. I'm going to a' :hain her up after this." A countryman in a restaurant orderedroast amb, and the waiter bawled to the cook : ( One lamb." "Great boott, mister," cried he coutryman. " I can't eat a hall lamb ; m timme some fried oysters "stread." "One G nid," bawled the waiter. "Well, Methu- E ,ela's ghost I Mister, one fried nyster bhai't B ein' to he enough. Gemme a dozen of 'em. a Durn these city eatin' places I" el Barber, toncusomerin chair: You're quites bald, sir. Customer : Yep. Barber: Young u man, too. Customer : Yep. Barber : Wear our hat too much. Customer: Nop, " Barber: Rnl n the family i Carsomer :Nop. t Barber: Rootsof thehalrdeseased? Customer: j Idop, Barber: Fevert Customer: Nop. arber: Er-- wife? Customer: Nop. Barber, desperately: What cau*ed that baldness? Customer: Barber's preventative. b 