A Glios!, orlVbat? j Pome days ago (6ays the Mudgee Independent) a farmer named Large, n siding in the vicinity of Cooyal, reported to the policc that for several nights him self ami family had been terrified in con sequence of stones, some of which weighed 1-^-b., continually dropping inside the house, apparently coming through the roof. Ftnmge to say these extraordinary occurrences are never apparent unless the man's wife is in the room. The affair has created quite a sensation, and all who have visited the place, seeing for them selves, the police included, persist in ap plying the evidently appropriate terra 'ghostly tuisfiles' to the huge 'gib* hers' whieh have dropped in the house when ihe wiudows and doors have been secured. The effect on the poor woman, who feels that she is the victim of mi awful vengeance, is most alarming. At limes, whe» the missiles are falling oround, deathly cltilU affect her whole system, and almost prostrate her. On one evening fear ful toremain indoors, thepoorwomansonght quietude outside the house, but strange to say, sovurnl large stones dropped close to her, whilst one, although falling on some part of the body, left no mark; in fact was' hardly felt. A cold deathly chill then crept over her, and. she had to be taken to the fire, but without restoring warmth. It is an easy matter to con vince superstitions people of these facts, but when sceptics go and see, and sit with the woman aud her husband in the same room, nnd luivc stones dropping round about them, they are glad to he rid of such unpleasant associations. This was the case when Mr. Parker and others wont out at the solicitation of Large. Another instance: A large sized stone, whieh fell in the ordinary way, 6truck a child on the side of the f»c.*», nnd strange to say, loft no mark, nor did Ihe child seem to take any notice of the blow, if it can be termed such. We understand that Large has determined to remove his family from the Th^Sftcpvery -»f n rich mine of nickel ore is retried IVoin Natal. The tAlicst tree in California, which is known as the ' Father of the Forest,' is 420fi. high. It is the largest tree in Tulare county, and is 108ft. romid the Uunk. Charcoal lias been discovered to be a cure- for burns. By laying a piece of cold charcoal upon a burn, the pain sub 'i&ides; immediately. By leaving the char. jjpal on one huir, the wound is healed. fSfifemgi . . 