X-.atest Telegrams. Intercolonial. Sydney, August 3. General Schaw is busily engaged on his investigation into tho state of our . defences. So far ho haB been conducting his inquiries alone. Tho case against Murray, a Queensland digger, and Hannah Mullins, for having an illicit still in a house near the Haymarkot, has been dismissed, thero being no evidenco that tho accused owned tho still, or occupied tie house. The inquest on tho Ponrith ghost easo was resumed thiB morning, and further adjourned until Monday. Medical men still say tho bonea found are human. A gold reef has been found three miles from Cobar, and has caused great excitement in tho district, land being secured by old minors along tho courso of the reefs. . Charles Alex. Jenkins, a sob'citor of tho High Court of Chancery and an officer in tie 19th HuBears, pleaded guilty to-day to ob taining goods by false pretences, and was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment and fur ther remanded on a charge of forging tho namo of a Victorian squatter. He haB already served sentenco in Pentridgo. Sydney, August 4. Last night, at a meeting of tho general eom mittco of tho Bulli Relief Fund, held in the Town Hall, tho report of tho executive com mittco was adopted, trustees appointed, and tho executivo committoo empowered to continue their services till tho completion of tho trust deed. Thero is now a balance in hand of £38,203 5s. The A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Gunga was towed into port last evening in a disabled condition, having broken her shaft some 25 miles to the north'- east of tho heads. A blacksmith awaiting trial at Quarter Sessions, for burglary, yesterday escaped from the Hillston gaol by meanR of skeleton keys mado from Borne wno found in the exeroiso yard. On Tuesday rvening an aggregato meeting of the western miners carried a motion calling upon tho manager of tho Eskbank Colliery to disuhargo tho blacklegs employed thore or accept 24 hours' notice from tho men. It is expected tha thero will be a goncral striko in the district. A serious flood is reported from tho Albury district and tho lower parts of tho town aro under water. Fears aro entertained for tho safety of tho railway embankmonts. It has been decided by tho minors of Lithgow to support tho looked-out minors at tho Ka toomba pit in their demands^ aud supply thorn with striko money. In reply to tho request of a deputation urging tho adoption of a system of penny postage, tho Postmaster-General yesterday explained that tho state of tho rovenuo would not allow of a trial of such a system being made this year Melbourne, August 4. Ithasbcenfinally decided by tho Victorian Rail way Commissioners that the officials censured over tho Windsor accident shall be dismissed from the service. Tho jury, it will bo romomberod, added a ruler to tho voraict censuring tno Trufiiu Department for laxity. Tho commis sioners, however, do not hold any officers of tins department responsible. Still it has been decided', in view of the construction of now lines and tho incrcaso of traffic, that the management of tho Traffic Dopartraent shall bo divided between in and out door managers, instead of having ono general manager. The amount of prize money to bo shot for at the annual meeting of tho Victorian Rifle Association this year will bo £2,65C. Yesterday a man named Quinlan, keeping a grocery store at Hotham, shot his wife, and fatally it is feared, during a dispute over an industrial school boy in hiB employment. Auckland, August ?!. An important judgement has been given by the Supreme Court at Wellington. The present trustees of the Rhodes Estate Bucd the former trustees personally for losses caused through the frauds of Waring Taylor, one of the trustees. No imputation was alleged against tho defen dants except negligence in allowing Taylor Sorsonal control over tho moneys bolonginjr to 10 estate. The judgo awarded the plaintiffs A'6,600, ruling that tho trustees had no right to transfer their duties to one of themselves. 