Queer Queries. Can seeing which way, the wind blows be callediaanL lo ks i? . S\'ould it be q:uir correct: to. call a greedy .nmal a glios? o?ecause yu~Isawhimh a-goblin ? Can o'onbe pai 'to be overhhead and e :rs in d :b? because von haven't paid your ht. ter . ... is it really right to assume that neat spir.ts frequently drive pcdple into uibti3v habits ? Do you know that, although a shoe maker finishes his. shoe at the begiuning, he always Sbagins at the lait ? Is a green-grocer prop rly described when you call him:i a ";contiding tra? esima ?" . 'Can -' old miid's boots beprolierly called 1 mis(s)understandings ;. What kind of, trading-paperi does a man use when retracing his steps ... A celebrated philosopher used to say "' The favors of fortune are like!steep rocks -only. eagles and creeping bthings mount to the sumniit." . : : Said an old friend :. " .I don't like a man who is intimate on short acquaintance, :le.. cause he he is almost sure to be 'slort ' on in timate acqua;ntance. , " Gentl,'men of the jury," said.a lawyer, 'I would you set a rat trap to catch>a bear, or make fools of yourselves by trying to spear a whale with a knitting'needle ? I know you would' not, Then how can you :be uilty of ' ithe absurdity of convicting my client of man-: slaughter for taking the life of a idonman 7" This prisoner wai acquitted,:j. . On Girls.-This is a boy's :composition on girls. lHe says, ' Girls are the only folksj I that has their own.way.everyta?e. Giils is of several thousand kinds, and sometimes one girl can be like several'thousand girls if, she . wants to do anything. This, is( all I kniow about girls,, and father says the:less I know about them the' better off I ai - "And how is your husbind to-day, Mrs. Carmirhael ?" .queried the minister on' his rounds of the wife of one of his :Jarishioners; '. Well, ~ uir Jack, he's no sae weel the day. Ye see; he's a iayribble miirtyr to deliriumn trimmins." . .: Shortly before his death, being visited by a clergymaki whose 'featiirs as well as :language were more, lugubrious than con soling, Hood looked up at him compassioh ately, and said i " 1My dear sir, I'm afraid your religion dosen't agree with you." A DEFINITION -" What is a masked ball ?" asked a "ood-looking lady.' "A cliaritable institution for ladies of plain features," was .the reply, ttera.-I attadatsce .. WRINKICLEFOR THE BLTID.--A ilind nman sits in the corner of a dobrwav, "d'aki Fche hears the light footstep of a lady he takds off hlis hat and bows his head, covered 'with the snows of seventy, winters, saying-" Oh I madame, take pity on a poor blind man who is deprived of the pleasure of seeing you 7" That fetches them.-Le Masque de Eer. A CoJIPASSIO, AT'E SO L, - Frau Von .--- "A poor beggar' womann called on me to-day . she looked the very picture of misery I" Frau Von Z- : " Of course you gave her some assistance ?",' Frau Von X- : "yes, poor thing; I gave her a v'olume of .my lyrical' poems to comfort her in her misfortune."--Die Wes Yei. 