stage ina S VERS. By PiioMirpiSR. The Ulmarra which is coming over things dramatic in Brisbane and, through. the metropolis, in all the chief towns of Qncolishmd is important. Through the influence of Mr. G, Maur- despite the fact that his company was not all round in the front rank-a taste for modern comedy has been refused and a desire for more has been created. The Theatre Royal will shortly witness the performances of an Italian Opera Company at prices hitherto unheard of in Brisbane. The highest and latest style of stage appointments are now deemed necessary corollaries to success in dramatic rupivHuututioiiK, and Mr, W. J. Holloway, who fortunately enough has become lessee of the Royal for (two months, will' doubt less demon Blrato the fact. The new Opera House is expected to open its doors at Christmas, and in the mount into the Gaiety is being refitted and will shortly enter very thoroughly into compo tition with its rivals as a comfortable and compact theatre. The short run and financial failure of the Tempest," at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, once more exemplified the actual unpopularity of Shakspeare's lesser known plays, hill's under the most exceptional circumstances. Mr. Rignold and Miss Kate Bishop are now appearing in the oiiUbIIo drama, "A Run of' Luck," which Messrs. Augustus Harris and li. Pettitt produced at Dr (try Luna last year. Mr. Bland Holt, after a too long absence from Australia, reappears in this drama. The Roneations of A Run of Luck" include a real picture of hounds, real ruuohorsOH and jockeys and a horse race. The horses dash on the stage at full gallop and the winner passed the judge's box in full sight of the audience. The production of Tom Taylor's historical drama Lady Clancarty" by Mr. and Mrs. Kendall at the St. James's Theatre was one of the foremost attractions in London when the last mail left. Of course the critics do not agree. Some thought that both Mr. and Mrs. Kendall were unsatisfactory, while others were amazingly well satisfied and declared the performance superior to any other of Clancarty. However, nearly all agree about the great success of Mr MuokintoshiiH King William, It was my good fortune to see the original cast in this not very brilliant play. Henry Neville was Clancarty, Ada Cavendish was Lady Clancarty, Charles Sugden was the King, 0 W. Anson (now in Australia) was Scum Good- man, and rare Emily Fowler was Lady Betty Noel. ] eau, however, well understand that the St. .TumfH'fl production eclipsed the original at the old Olympic in gra odour of appointments and completeness of detail. ] Another event of importance was the production of a new comedy-drama, " Her Trustai," written by Mr. James J. Blood. As examples of divergent opinions I give the opinions of the lira and the World. The Era says the author " has shown masterly skill in in drawing out some of his characters, and, moreover, has well workedoutiiniiiturostingstory,siipplyingit with strong situations and effective ' curtains.' Perhaps it may be pointed out, in the interests of the piece that here and there there is too much fine writing, while in other parts there is displayed a tendency to indulge in jokes that are puerile." The World speaks of a commonplace and unskilful drama by Mr. James J. Blood, entitled nor Trustee.'" The latter in fact only mentions the play "on account of a remarkable and even masterly piece of acting by Mr. James Fernandez, as a broken-down ad- venturer, which deserves to be recorded to his credit." Upon the latter point there is no second opinion. The Era says : " One of the most memorable things in the representation of the drama was the impersonation of Richard Marston by Mr. James Fernandez!. The got up for the part was excellent ; the manners of the loafer, and the drunkard, and the scoundrel, made desperate by poverty, were most effectively put on, and withal there was a certain rude reckless humour that was most naturally brought out, and caused repeated laughter. AViioti Richard Marston had swallowed his prussic acid and had given up the ghost there was general regret that, so, far as ' Her Trustee' was concerned, no more would be seen of Mr. JamesFeniandoz." Concerning Miss Helen Barry's impersonation of Catherine Marston, a critiosays:-"She, of course, made a handsome and stately representative of the persecuted heroine, and in a series of splendid dresses presented a very imposing figure. But there are mental as well as physical qualifica- tions to recommend, and the love for Flavell, the indignation with her vagabond husband, and particularly the horror that springs from ' her trustee's' terrible charge, were all very cleverly depicted, adding still further to Miss Barry's well-won reputation." Miss Fanny Brough, in a small part, and Mr. John Beauchamp as Stephen Tanko, the rascally trustee, also distinguished themselves. Miss Kate Vaughan met with an accident at the Opera Comique on 19th February while playing in the " Rivals." At tho close of the duel scene, when Bob Acres' pistol goes off by mistake, the charge of powder and was struck Miss Vaughan on the cheek, just as she was going on to the stage, inflicting a wound which bled profusely. With great courage Miss Vaughan remained on the stage until the close of the piece, when she went to Charing Cross Hospital to have the wound dressed. She was able to appear as usual the next night. The erstwhile popular manager of the Gaiety Theatre, Mr. John H >lh'n,'i-head, is building a new theatre in the new Shaftesbury-avenue, London. The World mya:-"The site, visible from Waterloo Place, has a long curved frontage, and is opposite the side of the Trocadero (music hall), and at the corner of all that is left of Windmill-street. The house will be about the size of Mr. Edgar Bruce's theatre, and will be chiefly remarkable for simplicity of decoration and contrivances to increase the comfort of the audience. No title has as yet been selected, but 'The New Theatre' and 'The Jubilee Theatre' have been suggested. The architect is Mr. 0 J. Phipps. Mr. Holliugshcad does not intend to manage it directly or indirectly, and he has already had offers for it from one French, one American, and two London managers. An ' option ' of a few weeks has been given to Mr. Pottinger Stephens, who may possibly arrange to take the theatre." By the way, Mr. John Ilollingsheuil's many friends have resolved to present him with some more or less substantial token of their regard. Mr. John L. Poole is at the head of the movement, and all the well-known actors and actresses who have worked under John Hollingshead and their number is legion will co-operate. Telephoniuoonuiiunioatiouvvas established at the end of January between Paris and Brussels with complete success. Access to the wife was not open to the public of both capitals until the middle of February, but in the meantime the Queen of the Belgians was enabled to hear an act of " Faust" as it was sung at the opera in Paris. The Northampton Opera House was totally destroyed by a life which was discovered early on the morning of the 13th February, by the property man. The fire appears to have originated in the flues, and spread with such rapidity that, by the time of the arrival of the fire brigade the building was one mass of flames and The whole town illuminated by the glare. The firemen were not, able to subdue the flames until three hours had elapsed, when the stage, its accessories, The dressing-rooms, the galleries, and the decorated roof had been completely destroyed, the only part spared being the crush and refreshment I rooms. The local properties were consumed, and the band lost, their instruments, but, fortunately the properties of Mr. Balah- Chatterton's "Jim the Penman" Company, who finished their stay at Northampton on the previous night, had been removed from the theatre shortly before the outbreak. The opera house was built twelve years ago at a cost of £2,000, and Mr. Franklin, the proprietor, is not fully insured. The next part which Mr. Henry Irving will undertake will be Byron's "AVernor." He will produce the tragedy at a matinee on 1st June in aid of the testimonial to Dr Westland Marston. With her jig and her brogue Mrs. Bernard Moore is said to have fascinated all ohiHHoa in Dublin as Peg Woffington in " Masks and Faces." All who have heard the name of ' ' Lord Dun- dreary" will regret to hear of the death of clover young Lytton Southern, who visited Australia nine or ten years ago, and played several of his father's best characters. As a light comedian, Mr. Suthorn hail a considerable imputation of his own, and his recent engage dining with Mr. Charles Wyndham at the Criterion, and more recently his performances at the Royalty Theatre, under Mr. Willie Edouin, had kept him fresh before the metropolitan public for about two years past. Only a few days previous Mr. Sothern was appear- ing in his part in " Modern ASIvos," and his (death, from pneumonia, was quite unexpected. It was a singular and Hinde signed coincidence that poor Sothoru's death was preceded by two days by that of Mr. Ernest. Warren, author of the piece ''Modern Wives," in which the young actor was engaged till the evening of Saturday, the 6th March. Mr.'Lytton-Sothorii had not completed his 36th your. Mr. Warren, who was a contributor to the ournie Profs, and the author of several short stories, was also the translator of' Antoinette Regime," and the author of the clover' comedietta called "The Bottle," now playing at the Court Theatre. He is well known in the ooloiiioH' us the uni son of the bright round table stories annually issued from a mis/ office, chief among which was " Four Flirts." Mr. Warren was aged 5-1. The name of Milly Palmer in k ill familiar to many English and Australian playgoers, who know her either for her own worth or as the wife of that extraordinary actor Herr Bandmann. TIiIh lady at latest advices was in Dresden, and is reported to be the first English actress who has played Lady Teazle on the German stage in German. Mrs. Band main appeared in this character at the Residence Theatre, Dresden, on the 18th of November but, when all critics united in her praise, German papers affirming that, amongst all foreign artists who have struggled for success in Germany, Mrs. Band main Palmer is the only one who can boast that she has fought on German ground with German weapons, and has held the field in triumph." Mrs. Buiidmuiin has again assumed her maiden name, and recently gave a reading before her Majesty the Queen of Saxony. The first visit of Miss Genevieve Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon to the great North AVoNÜ rt cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis has been successful in a remarkable degree. The newspapers have been full of their praises in both " Forget-Me-Not" and "The Queen's Favourite, and the audiences have shown a most unusual enthusiasm and keenness of appreciation. Miss Ward's floral tributes have been very many and of exquisite design, one in particular representing a toboggan, pt'UHonlod by a famous club of St. Paul. The return of Miss Ward from America to England will take place about the end of May, and after taking a rest, at her new home in Shanklin, Isle of Wight, she will, with Mr. W. H. Vernon, make a tour of the English provinces. Another proof that Americans never do good things by halves is furnished by the following : A large party of Mr. Wilson Barrett's Chicago friends, including Mr. Pullman, the inventor of the Pullman car, Mr. Carson, and other ladies and gentlemen, went from Chicago to Louisville by a special train to koo him play Hamlet at Macuuluy's Theatre. They were all delighted with his rendering of the character, and at the close of the performance presented him with a magnificent stand of flowers over 6ft. high. The distance from Chicago to Louisville is about 360 miles, a lull day's journey at the present rate of American travelling, so that the company's visit to see Mr. Barrett occupied nearly three days. And yet we hear of people in Ipswich declining to travel twice twenty-four miles to his really good plays well played. _ The great prima donna Mme. Pauline Lucca, has received from the Prince Regent of Bavin in the medal for at t and science. The following statement appears in an English paper The Civil Go yet nor of Madrid has forbidden one of the principal theatres to represent a new drama by Senor Zapata, a popular author,, who had used every effective play upon the Queen's recent act of clemency. The literary and artistic clubs have protested against the interference of the Governor, and the Opposition in both Houses have blamed him. He is supposed to have yielded to the influence of certain military men, who are taken to task in this drama. The work was really intended to show that the Queen and public opinion were favourable to an amnesty, which the generals still resisted." One of the Blackburn papers was unwittingly of service to Miss Lilla Wilde, now playing on a, provincial tour, under the management of Miljan. Elliston and Mellor, the leading role in Alone in London." In noticing the play, the paper in question singled her out for con- demnation. On Mr. Elliston having the paragraph brought to his notice, he at once wrote, offering the lady, on behalf of Mr. Miller and himself, a two years' engagement at an increase of salary, " Sophia," which is founded on Fielding's i vol, "Tom Jones," reached its 20th per farmhouse at the Vaudeville Theatre on 5th March. The Australian rights of the comedy have been acquired by Messrs. Robert Brough and Dion Boucicault, jun. The following has gone the rounds of English and American society papers :-" Mr. W. S. Gilbert has never seen one of his own plays acted for fourteen years, owing t > excessive nervousness, which he admits grows upon him every day. It is easy to understand that a playwright is too nervous to be present at the first night of his play, but however- pronounced the success, Mr. Gilbert adheres to his. determination. Only on one occasion had he been persuaded to make the experiment, and then he broke down. The Duke of Edinburgh once sent for him to his box to talk to him on this peculiarity. Being pressed to stay, Mr. Gilbert had no option but to take a seat in the box. But presently he began to feel better and better, fainter and fainter, and had to beg the Duke to release him." 