OUR NOVEL. A COÜNTRY.TOWN CHRONICLE, -«, BY JESSIE FOTHEBGILL, Aviaos, OE " THE FIBST VIOLIN," " KITH AND Kn--," "PBOBATION," "THE WELL FIELDS," AND "HEALEY." FAßT III. CHAPTER VII. íOontinuedJ BROKEN OFF. "She said she wished to scad n unkind words, tor that perhaps she' never see you again ; but that jo must not come nigh her, for anothe scene with you would kill her, am she wants to live." " Let her live then/' said Boger, ii A hoarse and laboured voice, "ltdoe sot matter what "becomes of me." * Mr. Dixon, sturdy Philistine tba he waB, wiped his eyes with her hand, kerchief. " Boger," he said, with a solemnity and strength of conviction which gavi dignity and something like majesty to his common-place, outside man " you hare just cause to look upon uv girl with suspicion, and to fight sh; and speak ill of us. But, lad, I tel you, we don't know the end of all yet I can tell you my heart is heavy There's a weight on it, as if something uncommon was coning, or hanging about in the air somewhere. I can'i mind my business, nor eat toy victuals for thinking of the girl, that looki like a ghost ; and why, that's what 3 want to know-why?" " I'm afraid," said Boger, in i laboured voice, but instinctively try- ing to give comfort to the mau wh< was older and weaker that himself, " that she may have begun to care foi Borne one else, who perhaps doesn't respond as she could wish. If so, it it best for her to he free from me." " Choose what it is, it's a heavy trouble for ns a] I," said Mr. Dixon wearily. " I'm often afraid that she was brought up with notions far above her station,-Miss Wynter, and ali that ; but somehow, I never took it tc be anything seriously wrong. . You'll not look upon me as «in enemy, Boger, for I've fought for you through thick and thin ?" " An enemy-God forbid ! I know you have been my friend all through/' " W> are going to send her away," pursued Mr. Dixon. " She was asked to go down to my sister in Devonshire, a widow, who has often wanted to have a visit from her. She says, if she gets away from all this ("all what?" thought Boger, a thick dread at his heart-" her home, her friends, her natural life, with all its hopes and interests? "), once away, ehe thinks she'll be better. So we shall send her. I won't stay, I've dragged myself here, and I shall drag myself back again. Can you shake hands with me, my lad ? " Boger unhesitatingly gave him his hand, went with him to the door, and saw him walk away ; then returned, to try and understand the meaning of what had befallen him. He was surprised to find that after a time, instead of reproaching Ada, even in thought, he was occupied io trying to recall any occasion on which he might have «ponen harshly to her, and in mentally imploring her to forgive him his trespasses, and in wishing that he had bat the chance to do it in so many words ; while his sense ol the myste- rious terror that hung over her grew greater every moment. He did not leave Bradstane earlier than he had ; intended. À great calm and u great Íúty bad settled upon his soul. He bund himself able to speak freely to Michael of what had happened-to tell him more of his inner thoughts and feelings than, in all their long in- timacy, he had «ver divulged before, fie told" Michael what Aaa was going ; to do, and ne said ^L «ole right ot pnbushing " Borderland J "When abe comes back, for my Bake, Michael, you «ill pay a little heed to her» and Jet me know how she looks, at any rate." I " You may trust me to do it." "It is all quite over between us. I 1 hare a feeling that that is quite cer : tain ; but X don't feel a» if we knew I everything yet. And God forbid that ' I should judge her iu the darb. A I girl doesn't curry on as she ia doing, I either from lightness of mind or hard ! ness of heart." Í This was as Michael drove him along the lanes to Darlington to catch the night train. Michael said nothing. Friendship demanded that what Roger required of him in this matter, he should do, whatever he might think of the cause of his friend's distress. 