TUBF GOSSIP. J Br . AuaoiL . It would savour of romance to Bay that the late meeting of .the Australian Jockey Club was one of the most successful ever held underitsauspicea. The weather prevented it being so from a pecuniary point of view, nqr -vaa the racing up to the average, and it Buffered greatly by comparison with the glorious meeting which preceded it at Flemington.. Toe public may not have been very .successful sin. selecting winners, but at die same time Itfr. Soarr was not quite so happy as usual m,bringing his fields to* gether. ? Trident's superiority over everything else also detracted from the interest, for in the threeracea that Jie ^contested there was no thing to extend Jiim. Nelson had gone off, and all ch&noe; of a contest between him and the champion of Australia was extinguished. Even jthe moat enthusiastic follower of the turf cannotenjoy spprt when the Faints per* eistenUy. descending -in torrentsy and at did rain to spmetanaop Cap Day. Hud itnot been for (he^water^ejewwit the attendance W0uld proba%ihay$ aweeded 20,000 ji^pie, and the iea*t. jo*. tea man who purchased the right- ofiioolfetWKpsMey^at IhB gatewould havabeen- w^^fipVv.Tbat thesweatfcer lapoiUjtbe pitjqpM^jMfaany ofti» howea 'havegiven aEooS^w^^ttuaelt. Hew only a handiul, bat his running under diffi cnlties at Hawkesbury, and his vietpry in' tu'ef Gup, are sufficient to prove that lie lArnade of the tightstuff. Kitawa, who, like"Jkjneydwr and Abner, moat have suffered fsmn/th« powerful influence of the aun at Jfawked bury, has greatly benefited by Iris sojourn in New South Wales, for of all the horses that ran at the meeting be perhaps was the moat improved. Next to him peniaps, the horse tliat had made greater progress than nny other was Ringmaster, who might have won bud he not been used so freely. Nelson was going well when be came to grief, bat on such a day be could never have won with 9st. 121b. upon his back. Tom Brown's performance waa a very meritorious one. Being siiglitly lame he was slow at beginning, and was last for more than a inile. iiow be got through with the mud and rain pelting in his face is a mystery. llain during the early portion of the third day threatened to mar the enjoyment of tbe visitors, but fortunately it cleared about half past 2. In the Allnged Stakes Nelson showed something of his old dash, and looked all over a winner nfc the end of tbe stand. Most people thought he had won, but the judge decreed otherwise, and when he and Matador went out to Bettle the new trial the New Zealander's shoulder ailment manifested itself, and he could never quite get on terms with the two year old, who won very easily. Matador's victories in the Rowley Mile, Cham pagne Stakes, and All-aged Stakes were achievements which prove indisputably that he can stay, and Mr. Sampson is fortunate in possessing so brilliant an animal, if Honeydew'd runnni/? in the Cumberland Stakes was his true form, then Trident must be stones superior, for the colt could have beaten him quite 100 yards had Hales chosen to allow him to have his head. I've an idea that it was one of Honeydew'a " off " days, justas it was Moorhoaae'a in the Foal Stakes. The latter, it was thought, at & difference of 71b. in his favour, would have some 6how with Abercorn, bat he cut a most inglorious figure, and failed to get even a situation. That this was all wrong lie clearly de monstrated in the Nursery Handicap, ran on the last day, for he met some of those who had finished in front of him on worse terms, and waa only beaten by Perfume, a really good filly, who was rather leniently treated. On the fourth day Invader made small work of the three year olds opposed to him in the.Rons Handicap, and Ringmaater'e form in the Place Handicap was consistent with his Cup running, but certainly not with his City Handicap performance. In selecting him to win the Place Handicap I ignored the latter, because it seemed to me that, at a mile and a half, he could have won the Sydney Cup pretty comfortably. Loud indeed were the complaints respecting the colt's City Handicap performance, but the stewards evidently thought it was all right. Mr. Long kept Crossfire for a good tiling, but the bril liant little son of First King was just a shade too smartfor her, and the ownerof the filly bad the bad luck to run second no less than three times during the day. Marmion was instru mental in pulling Foulsham'a friends through by winning the Steeplechase, but most of the honour remains with New South Wales, for, though he is trained here, he is the property of a resident of the sister colony. Trident wound up the season with a canter in the three miles race, and Mr. Mayo, who gene rally.pays his expenses at a Kandwick meet ing, anuexed the Free Handicap with Stan ley. as18 generally tac case amongst tue many who have an eye tq tbe future, the greatest interest was manifested in the two year olds, and the best performers in this division were Abercorn, Matador? Lava, Perfume, Aber deen, and Deva. Tbe first-named, when not opposed fay Matador, stood oat Rt the top of this class, bat the son of Newminster made email work of him in the Champagne Stakes, in which, however, the Victorian-bred colt had a distinct advantage in thestart, and 101b. the best of the weights. Still, Matador ran more like a stayer than any other youngster that figured at the meeting, and it mast be gratifying to Victorian breeders to know that among the best yonthfal performers at the meeting were two bred in this colony, Mata dor and Perfume. Everybody must regret that the colt is not engaged in the V.R.C. Derby. With Abercorn he would now have shared the honour of favouritism. Aberdeen ran like a stayer in the Trial Stakes, and next season Mr. White will, perhaps, settle the doubt respecting the ability of Chester's descendants to stay. Both Aber corn and Aberdeen are built like stayers, and as the latter looks like an improving colt he may be a useful second string. Lava de scends from one of the moat celebrated of New South Wales racing families, and she did good service to her owner by winning the Maiden Stales, and gaining second money in the Foal Stakes; still, I thought a great deal more of Perfume, because one morning I -saw her. fairly beat Abercorn by a neck in a six-furlongs gallop over Kandwick. Of course, she had all the beat of the weights upon that occasion, but Hales was rousing up Abercorn for the last 50 yards, yet the New minster filly beat him a neck. Since that I have held a rather exalted opinion of Per fume, and all going well in Hie meantime, she will carry the blue and white to victory in either, If not both, ot the Oaks Stakes in which she is engaged, even though she may be opposed by Hortense and Sumatra in the V. R.C. event This reference to Sumatra reminds me that she was not herself, and another twoyear old that was not benefited by the change was Boz. Deva is a smart filly, but very flighty, and liable to beat her self .'by fractiousneas before a race. She lias undeniable pace, bat she had all the best of the start when she beat Perfume, and this was a donble advantage in such weather. Huntingtower displayed brilliant speed, but died away at the finish, and Bowmont disap pointed his friends sadly. Only once did Moorlionse show anything like his best form, and that was when .he ran second in the Nursery Handicap, in which £raiichiopoda managed to getii situation, and thus showed that lie had greatly improved, though it must he remembered he was carrying only Trident stands so fat above all three-year olds of the present season that 1 doubt if there is one capable of beating him "at A dif ference of 2«t: that ia, over a course beyond a mile and a L\alf. It is to be regretted that lie has not been opposed by one of his own age that can lay claim to being even second class, and had'any accident befallen Trident during the early portion of the season, we should have seen running (he worst lot of j three year olds ever maed in Australia* Many of them can get six furlongs in brilliant i fashion, or even a mile and a quarter, but two miles; would see them all ro dowain anything likedecent company. Txident won tlipee racee at $he meeting, the St. 1*ger, CuffibeciAnd Stakes^ and A-J-G, Plate being mes»;;e|cfe?ci#e caotera-for him,. In .fine wea&hejy; had be started iorthe SfiatyGap, he *!ourld ,h&vo; giwa Frisco all hiarftt^fcod beaten Mva, , Blaiijgowrie nun. respectably ,mK* than oww.hWhe is ^o sttvdv *»d frlmuxen,jlf u*iiot -epgjiged : either Derby, bat in (he less ?"important events he will.prove a useful Ally. By getting second to Ringmaster, Crossfire clearly -demonstrated that she had not loefc rliet:.3ortA, and possibly she would stand next i &» lTridfcnt, but a long way below so brilliant a star. * Everybody regretted to see that Nelson was not well enough to uphold the honour of the elder division. The severe amount ot work to which be bed been subjected both at, Flemington and Randwick told its tale, while nn injury to the muscles of bis shoulder did not help matters, yet he galfautly strangled to avert defeat in the Autumn Stakes and All-aged Stakes. Tom Brown and Iloney dew are above the ordinary run, and Stanley is more than a useful customer, but there was a terrible lot of rubbish contesting the various handicaps. Victoria could claim only a single absolute victory during the meeting, and that was Ringmaster's in the Place Handicap. I heard more than one visiting owner declare that they would not patronise Randwick again, because they considered their horses were es timated too highly by the handicapper. It was bruited abroad that most of the Vic torian horses had merely travelled to Rand wick for shunting purposes during the first two days with a view to lenient treatment from the handicapper on the third and fourth, an i Mr. Scarr, it was thought» hod paid too much attention to these rumours. The re sult was that Ringmaster was the only Vic torian who sained a winning bracket The Hon. James White once more headed the list of prize-winners, no less than nine races having been appropriated by him. Tri dent won the St. Leger, Cumberland Stakes, and A.J.C. Plate, Abercorn the Sires' Produce Stakes and Foal Stakes, Aberdeen the Trial Stakes, Lava the Maiden Plate, Plutarch the Flying Handicap, and Perfume the Nursery Handicap. This is a pretty fair record for one stable. Mr. E. Sampson won three races -the Champagne and All- aged Stakes with Matador, and the Sydney Cup with Frisco. Thrice also was the Hon. W. Long success ful, Honeydew, Abncr. and Ex bank each winning a race, so that 15 of the 24 races fell to three owners. T. Peyton, T. Brown, and ME. Charles Roberts, who purchased Frisco for Mr. Sampson, were the moBt successful trainers, while Tom Hales headed the jockeys with six winning mounts, the crack horse man steering Trideat, Abercorn, and Perfume in their respective winning races. Power wsi twice returned a winner, and so was Arg&il;, who had the mount on Frisco; E. Huxley, a rising young jockey, also catching the judge's eye twice, while W. Phillips, O'Keefe, Smith, Tomlin, Gorry, Curran, Cuneen, J. Googh, M'Gratb, C. Moore, Malone, and Leadbeater won one each. To Chester must be awarded the palm among sirea-Abercom, Aberdeen, Lava, and Plutarch all being by Mr. White's line son of Yattendon. Robinson Crusoe's BOD, Trident, helped to keep up the reputation of the Fisherman family; and Grand Flaneur had a couple of winners, one ot them being the Cap hero, Frisco, and the other the smart little Deva. Our own Newminster bad two winners of three races in Matador and Perfume-a couple of two year olds who did eood service for Victorian breeders; Grand Master, too, scored tlirice wiib Dragon, In vader, and Stanley, and the sires that were represented by one winner each were Golds brooch, St Albans, Captivator, Exminster, Chandos, Mark Tapley, First &ing;, and Long bow. The starting did not give general eausrac tion, and Mr. Devlin's mistake in the Trial Stakes might have led to unfortunate results, but Aberdeen won upon both occasions, and his backers went borne smiling. It is only just, however, to Mx. Devlin to say that several of the starts could not be improved upon; yet he does not appear to have sufficient command over the boys. Me. Town's burly form was missed during the first three days, but Mr. Walford kindly con sented to act for him, and cave his decisions without hesitation. Mr. James Ash worth was all at home as clerk of the course, and Mr. T. Evans and Mr. Perry were, as assiduous and courteous as ever, in the office. Nor must I forget a word of praiiae to the ranger for the condition of the coatee. Had it not been in most perfect order it would have been very bad going indeed, but the layer of rotten tan which hnd been ap plied some time previously bad been dowa long enough to allow the genes to prow through it, and the trade was comparatively free from anything like mod. Mr. Clibborn was kept busy throughout the meeting, the heavy rains causing him no end of anxiety and trouble, but he was equal to the occasion, and, with capable men filling the stewards' position, the business was got through in a very satisfactory manner, the only exception being the leniency displayed towards the " shun ting" division. The new stand was thrown open to members, and the courtesy was also extended to members of the V.R.C., who were pretty numerous. Among the Victorians present I noticed Mr. Bond, who meditates some improvements at Caulfield, and journeyed to Randwick to take stock of thesplendid weighing arrangements, and other little things that might help him in designing the new stewards' stand, &c;, for the V. A.T.C., On the whole the ring had the best of the bout with the public. The money woa.oa Frisco went into very few hands, the public getting very little of it. and the big balance on the side of the layers in the Sydney Cop was never made m> by backers. The defeats of Nelson in the Autumn S takes and Aber corn in the Champagne - Stakes weie also serioue blows to ihepunten who like to lay odds. One of the "silver kings" laid I.8C0 to ,800 on Abercom when he won the Foal Stakes, and it is said he landed a £ak.stake over Ringmaster* bnt some of the Vtctftrtwt division.of backers received a "faf»" which they will not forget in a hurry. When the oitmbera of the Australian Jockey Clnbcomtmitee were, contemplating the enlargement ofthe Jtandwiefcp&ddockrl; made a eonestaoa thai it should be extended ' totheetiedii in the enclosareused bjrthe trainers lor walking their horses. It wM, '?* however, considered iaadvrtable to do so, and now the extension is found to be insuffi cient to meet the wante of tbe public «nd : owner* of horses; The saddling paddock&as; been encroached upon by tbe new stand, *nd it doe&uot; meet the demands of trainers, for on« busy d&ythere; is acarcely room to walk about without imnrringtheriBk&f; a kick from some vicious animal tint may be led about. The stand enclosures Rand wick baa become so popular tbaUtHtlow raowUrgEiy patronised than eTcr.aodMr. Clibbf^finds that eomething mast be doneto toeet thein crensed demands of the public asirisU *a ovraersof hor»a.With the sanction of ths tnmittoa,bcptopo8eB to expeitSbabout MXW.iii tarthfej' irt»proTCm?nta>bae'ot%hteh ample accommodation for the fiiflKi autumn meetings, as veil a* the money paid by Tatters-all's and the Sydney Turf Club for tie use of the coarse, have enabled the A. J.C. to place no less than £17,000 on deposits a re mit which quite throws the V. B.C. into the shade Oar leadinz racing institution very wisely, I tbink, has determined that future generations shall pay their share towarJs the magnificent r&ceecurse; which has been pro vided for thc-m : and it seetn? to me that the A. J.C. might tske a leaf oat of it® bock. I cannot see any necessity for hoarding op the money of the lea^in^debof the shter colony, whose mlers should devote a few thousands ! to a liberal programme for the ccntennial i y?ar. j W bile at Pandwicl: 1 searched for ^ dark ] Derby horse, and iound a couple ir. C:ir!yon ! and Cranbrook. Of coarse, turf speculators ] will prefer the performer Abercorn to either, bat it is quite within the bounds of pro-! babiiity thtt one ot these may prjve next I season's hem. so far as Mr. White's stable is j concerned. Crnnbrook is a magniiWnt tel- J low, standing, I should say. quite 16 hands, ' with wonderful length, and pertect Sree-iom | in his action. Catlyon is smslier. t-ni stiii big enough for anything, bet his iamily on the dam's side is not celebrated for the pro-J ductinn of stayers, while Cranbrook's dam, j La Princeae, comes from the celebrated Lady j Sarah line, from which have sprung so many j great performers in England. The bloomer, i granddam of La Princes?, was the dam of I Fairwater, one of the best mares in England. i She was also the dam ot Ely, who, as a tco- j year-old, won the Chamragne Stakes at Hon- I caster, beating Cour.t Lagrange's wonderful ' Fiile de I'Air and others. Lster in the year i be won the Triennial .Stakes, at Newmarket, Tomato and others being behind him. As a j three year old. Ely won eight times, beating j Pillede I'Air a^ain, iu the Prince of Waies < .Stakes, at Ascot; and he pat down Cam- j buscan and others in the liiennial. at Stock- j bridge. He also defeated Miner over two I miles, at York, bat, at the same meeting, Miner beat both Ht&ir; Athol and Eiy in the i Great Yorkshire Stakes. Eiy afterwards won the Doncaster Stakes, Grand Duke Michael Stakes, and Triennial Produce Stakes. It was, however, as a four year old that Ely shone to most ad van: ape. He started the season by being beaten by C'ambuscan in the Newmarket Biennial .Stakes, but after that he won eight races in succession, the first being the Bean fort Cap, in which he defeated Cambu*can, Sydraonton, and other?, and, aa the distance was two miles and a half, there could be uo doubt respecting bis abiiity to stay. At Ascot he won the Triennial Stakes and the Ascot Cup, beating, among othere, General Peel and 1'iiie de I'Air. He also carried off the Goodwood Cup, in which C&mbuscan;, General Peel, and other ereat horses were engaged. In the Brighton Cup be was again Victorians, and had behind him euch performersaaCailerOu, Lnion Jack, Canbascan, and Sy.itnonton. At Stockton he won the Claret Stakes. Albert Victor, a brilliant racehorse iu his time, was a son of Princcas of Waies. and so was George Frederick, who won the English Derby. It will beeeen. then, that L'ranbrook descends from a splendid family on the dam's side, and when it is examined in tiie back lines, one discovers that Lady Sara'i was by Velocipede from Lady Moore Carew, by Tramp from Kite, the granddam of Juiiet, the mother of a line of Australian equine kings and queens. Cranbrook's breeiing, then, is jnst what a Derby colt's should be, and should all go well with him, he will prove another instance of the sound ness of Mr. White's judgment in the ?election of brood marea Cranbrock and Carlyon are both engaged in the A.J.C. Derby, which promise.* to be something more than a walk over for the Hon. James White, for, though he has so many good animals en gaged, Matador will be a tltorn in the Bide of the best of them. There can he no doubt _ respecting bis staying, and t&e; style in which he defeated" Aber corn settles the question as to pace. Then there is Moornouse, whom we have not yet seen the best of. Niagara, the im portation from New Zealand,is another likely candidate for A.-J.C. Derby honours,inasmuch as he is the property ot Mr. W. Cooper, who will be glad to.see his colours worthily repre sented in hia own colony. Should the Hon. W. Bobinson consider it worth while to visit Australia with the brother to Nordenfeldt I and the Bister to Martini-Henry, be may take Randwick by the waj'. in the event of which the interest iti our neighbours' Derby will be almost equal to that which is centred in the Derby of the V. IIC. lioz, Sumatra. Colenso, Iiowmont, and Huntingtower are included in the nominations for the A. J.C. Derby, and one pf this quintette may ripen into some thing like first-class. At the yearling sales, which, in conse quence of the rain, had to be held in Sydney instead of Hand wick, I saw many promising youngsters, and a few of them will lind their way to Victoria, thongh our racing men were not such keen purchasers as usual, most of them having made their selections from the South Australian and other yearlings disposed of in March by Messrs. Yuille and Co. The colt by Grandmaster from Baroness, pur chased by Mr. James Patereon, was one of the best-looking submitted, and Mr. A. Yuille obtained a cleverly- shaped youngster in the son of Grandmaster and Hebe, who was bought for a resident of New' South Wales, and Mr. & Martin and P. Kelly each obtained a good-looking youngster. TheBroker'ebro ther. bought by Mr. W. Gannon, I liked very orach, aud the sister to Cairo was one of the best of the fillies. Mr. E. Weeks made several purchases, one of his being thebro therto Garfield, a stylish-looking chestnut: but 1 fancied better the brother to Lord Exeter, who was bought for -Mr. Sampson. Mr. John Leek got a couple of very useful colte, ^and the colt by Goldsbrotmh from Queen's Head, knocked down to the FJeming tontrainer, A. Davies, will take a lotof beating go far as Jooks go. Among others of the mm: John Eales's lot, the Ban vie colt and Chrysolite colt struck me as remarkably nice yetorlinga. On the morning of Friday Mr. Clibborn essayed to sell a number of Mr. Andrew Town'smares ^ind ioate, bat as not much publicity had been given to the sale, the attendance was so small that it was deemed advisable to withdraw them, and they are ifow for private sale. Theweigbts for the Moreton Handicap and ^Brisbane Cap, to be run at the autumn meeting of the Queensland Turf Club, ap j>eMed last week. Kohai has been awarded top weight in both, Sat. 121b. in the former and Bat 91U in the latter, but 1 don't think Jita^o^er ls likely to take him north. A jshortiime ago a Queensland raciDg man was fn««gOtiatit>piorthe purchase of Kohai, but dtberajvain irasaotcUnched. A number of INew South Wales horses are nominated, sita two or three may find *u-!- ? [ seases no extraordinary points which catch , the eye when TOD first look him over, tnd Mr.: Huybers has presented him to os just as he is, with his game-looking head, peculiarly-! shaped neck, long pasterns, and lightish-; looking lower thighs. The artist has not at tempted to flatter the colt in any way, and I see him before roe just as I saw him when be was being saddled for the A. J.C. St. Leger. It is Trident's extraordinary action that carries him through. When you see him ex tended you see the thoroughbred racehorse at his best. Mr. John Fie'd has had the bad luck to lose one of the best of his young brood mares. Mermii i, who was bitten by a snake, ! and died from the ^tTe'ts. Merm:»ii was one ' ot the grandest wares in the Calstock or any | other etui, and from her breeding Mr. Field (anticipated great results, the was by St. Allans from Cora, by Doiardo from Merry I roaid. who descends fr>m Kdflla. When I| 1 visited the Calstock stud in February Mer maid had at her etfe a very fine black colt i by Pr^to-Mariyr, which Mr. Field expects j to tna!;e s name for tiie handsome chestnut, . who di-in't succeed weil with Victorian i mare?, but whose blood is likely to nick %vell j with thai of the dames which gracc the Cal- j st-.-ck establishment When I left fvr Sydney about three weeks j sgo Fleminston and its surroundinzs were j about as dry and barren-lookins as ever I had j seen Biem. Quite a different picture was pretenled when I visited it on my return. The c -pious rains which had fallen daring the interval had changed the whole scene, and 1 quite enjoyed a saunter round the domain of the Victoria Racing Club. I was accompanied by the energetic Jonathan, who is always on hand whenever one visits the grounds upon which he bestows bo much care and attention. The training tracks were a little soft, but a few dnys" fine weather will put them ri^bt ag-iin. Only a few horses were exercising, and amongst them was the two year-old c->lt by Defoe from Petrca, whom I hope to see doing good service for sir William Clarke and hi"? trainer (H. Yeend) some day. Slrol 1 :ng on to the grand stand enc!< >sure, where the grass was crowing in rich profusion. I no tired that the western end of the hill was beinz extended so as to provide further ac commodation for (hose who patronise this portion ot the ground. That best of all grass for racecourses, couch, was beinz laid down in those portions of the paddock which formerly were rather bare of gra?s, and Jonathan loses no opportunity of planting it upon the conree proper, which has been greatly benefited by the application. The i western sheds have been removed, and the saddling paddock is now extended to the river side, where new sheds are being erected, and the new ground will be converted into a I bird-cape, which will be divided from the other portions of the enclosure by a neat wire fence extending from the gate to the uther side of the paddock. To this there will be a charge ] for admission, and owners and trainers will not, perhaps, have cause to complain of the crowding which" has so often proved ob noxious on a busy day. The fountain will be removed into the bird-cage, and between the clock-tower and tite press-room a new bar ] will be erected, while on the other aide there will be a refreshment-room in which tea and offee wili be obtainable. Iii the new ground the grafts is already springing, and long beiore the V. li.G. Spring Meeting it will be fit fat use. Among the yearlings that I saw during my peregrinations w.is the St Albans-Royal j Maid colt, for whom the lion. William Pearson gave so high a figure. Fur power and substance I I've r.ot seen bis equal this season, but it is just' posssibie that he will not prove an early be ginner. * | Easter Monday was celebrated by several! Tasmanian racing dnbs holding meetings. At' Deloraine the Hon. Thomas Ileibey won the I principal race, the Deloraine Handicap, with Hawthorn, by Kelpie from The Thorn. Mr. C. Krushka won the Maiden Plate withDaylight, a son of Torch light; Mr. Ji Davis carried oi> the Hurdle Hace with Minstrel, by Angler; Mr. T. Keatinj's Vision, by St. Albans, won the Flying Handicap; and Mr. J. Powell's Claren don, the Consolation Stakes. At Rintrarooma Mr. 1'' ry won the Maiden Plate and Ringa rooma Handicap with Rex, a son of Young Horatio. At George's Hay Mr. G. T. Law appropriated the lion's share ot the plunder, winning the St. Helen's Handicap and Publi cans' Purse with Chandler, and the Maiden Plate with Miss (ire. Mr. F. Hardy's Terror won the Local Handicap and Hurdle Race. The Broken-hill Jockey Club will hold a meeting on the 21*t May, when the chief event will be the Broken-hill Handicap of 100 so vs. Dragon, who won the A.J.C. nurdlc Race and ran second for the Steeplechase, was purchased by Mr. M. Loughlin for 600guineas, and he goes into T. Wilson's stable at Bal'arat. Mr. G. G. Stead a colt Maxim kept up his rcputa'.ionat the Canterbury Jockey Clubmeet ing by winning the Champagne Siakee easily.j The time given, lrniu. ISsec., is doubted heir, but I sec no reason why so good a colt should not compass the distance in the time specified. Mr. D. O'Brien's Sextant, a son of Kobinson Crusoe, was second, and Gipsy King third Mr. M. Kberwin'a Quibble, who won the Great Autumn Handicap, is a daughter of Natator and Fides, by St Aubyn from Chance by Sir Hercules. Mr. EL Vallance'a Mac, by Anteros, won the Hurdle Race, and Mr. A. Cotnyn's The Gem, by The Painter, the Welter Handicap. Dan O'Brien was victo rious in the Russley Stakes with llose and Black, who is by Apremont from En Avant, ana the Hon. G. M'Lean appropriated the Templeton Stakes with Mokoia, -|>y Koran from Malice. At the Auckland meeting the Great Northern St. Leger fell to Mr. W. Bobbettfa Lady Norah, by Cadogan from Steppe, a rarely-bred one. Bangle, by Musket from Locket, won the Auckland Champagne Stakes, after a dead heftt with Forma. Mr. A. Drake's Spade Guinea, by King of Clubs from Rupee, carried dst. lib. and won the Easter Handicap, and the same owner's Peter Osbecl; was successful in the steeplechase. Stonebroke, who won the Bulraoald Handi cap and Grand Stand Handicap at the Bal rauaii meeting, is not, I. believe, the eon of First King, but a horse by WollomaL Mr. F. F. Dakin'a string will shortly be in creased by the addition of a yearling colt by Newminister from Viudex and a colt.by Apremont from Watersprite. ; Both these colts belong to Mr. A. It. Blackwood, whose success on the turf would be gladly received by all who desire to see the sport in good bands. ; . Wnrrnambool should attract a goodly number of our tadntrraen liexjk iw&k;, when the annual meeting ©f the joc&l; club will:b6. the attraction.' There is fio mora pleasant trip than that to the westward.and now that the railway is open to within 29milft3*>fthB seaport - town, the joumej"4s accomplished without much coaching.' ' The itown ' of Warrnambool is one of ttiedeaneaMn Ans tralia ; the steeplechase courea is4he bestwe have: and the racin^ generAlly <of « SDperlor ? me? tow only iirinfcd S»fl will be allowed to bet in the **£dling-pad dock, and lot this privilege a fee of two guineas will be exacted. Bootmakers licensed tor the hill bj- the V.R.C. will be allowed to bet on the hill at Warruambool by paying a fee of one guinea. . , _ . , Mr. W. II. Virgoe left for a trip to England on Tuesday. , . , An amusing incident occurred at hanawicK after a certain erratic New South Wales liorse bad galloped borne an easy winner ot one of the handicaps. A well-known wielder of the metallic pencil, resident 111 ^ew South Wales, and who is easily recog nised by the eyeglass he wears, was crcauy affected by the extra on!; n a ry t rans - orm ration in the horse's form, and hoMing up his hands in horror when he saw that he had the race in hand, exclaimed lond enough to be heard a.l over the lawn, "Well, it is indeed wonderful. If we go on like this, we'll become as bad as ther are in Victoria." One who believes that our'New South Wales brethren can give us a long start in the manipulation of the noble snitnal, promptly retorted, " As bad . no . that cau never be ; you are macli better, lor you ccn Rive us one and twenty pounds at that game." And I ihink he was about I have received a neat'y-bonnd oopy of the j acta, bye-!aws. and ru!es of the » ictoria ( Racing Club. Is contains a suggestion which up-country c'ubs wST do well to adopt. From all quarters I receive inquiries as to what ia the welter weight-for age scale. There is none in existence, but it is recom mended in this volume published by the V.K.C., that for welter weights for age an addition of 2st. 71b. be made to the standard weight for age scale. .... , , The frienda^of Mr. John Tait will be glad to hear that he was present at the A.J.C. meeting, looking hearty and vreiL Visitors to Victorian racecourses wi.l re member the rery handsome hurdle- racer Don Silva, who was a preity good performer over the smaller Eticks. Alter his turf career, Mr. ii. fctuith purchased him, and with another very fine chestnut drove him in his phaeton. A short time :sgo, while having a gallop, the Don broke bis neck, and Mr. Smith thus lost the serrioe* of one of the beat-looking trappers in Victoria. A jockey named M'AIalion, who was injured while riding Warrior at the Hurling ham meeting, had to lie conveyed to the Alfred UospitaL lie is now progressing satisfac torily. Another jockey has been sacrificed in a steeplechase. A mare named Highland Mary ran and fell in a hurdle race at the Adelaide Trotting Club meeting, and her owner very unwisely Etartcd her on the same day for the Steeplechase, with the result that she came down a terrible purler and injured her jockey, W. Johnson, go seriously that he died two days afterwards in the hospital. The deceased lad, it is stated, is a Victorian, and his mother resides in Col line wood. The rulers of the Kosehill Racing Club have, I think, acted discreetly in withdraw ing the Great Centennial Stakes ot n.000 sovereigns. They have converted their beau tiful grounds iuto a racecnursc which will compare favourably with even that of Rand wirk, and nothing bat praise can be awarded j to the management. Yet it would have been wise had they left to the A J.C. the initiation of a rich stake to celebrate the centenary of New South Wales. The reason given for the withdrawal is that as the Government had not taken any steps for a centennial celebration, and Melbourne has been allowed to lead the way, the llosehill Racing Club did not fed justified in incurring the risk ot offering such a large prize. Barlow, the English jockey, has not had much luck tinee he arrived in Australia, nnd he will be glad to hear that, it he likes to return to England, his licence will be restored to him. An English paper say9:-"Barlow, once well known on the English torf, but some years since rusticated (or misdemeanour which might .have been fastened on other shoulders as well as his, can have his licence restored if he likes to apply for it Fur this clement offer be has to thank his old friend and employer, John Muuford, who has sent to him to return from Australia, whither he emigrated some five or six yean ago. Bad luck seems to have been his portion over there, however, as he tiroke his leg while riding iu a steeplechase ; and Mnnford has further offered to give him a fresh etart in England, if he chooses return, and will take him into his own stable until such time as poor Ben shall have fallen upon his feet again." Mr. S. G. Cook has strengthened his Pytchiey-lodge string by the addition of The Charmer, who ran very respectably at the late Kandwick meeting. As the Hon. John Eales has also disposed of Myall King fend Emerald, I suppose he has made np his mind not to take a very active part in racing for a time. ,i" It appears that Mr. W. Gannon owned only two-thirds of Arsenal, and the other share, which was the propertv of Mr. H. M'Qnade, was sold by auction in Sydney on Monday to Mr. Gannon for 100 guineas. Melton will form the attraction for racing men this afternoon, and as the railway now rnns dose to the course, no doubt a large number will take advantage of the special train, which leaves Spencer-street at 10 25 a.m., and returns at 5.55 p.m. Harridan or Prattler ought to win the Railway Stakes; Maori or Bendigo the Hurdle Race; Achmet, Honey Bee, or Flash of Lightning the Mel ton Handicap; Berkley or Mertoun the Selling Race; and Derision or Snip the Er ford Plate. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. announce that on Tuesday next, at noon, they will dis pose of tne racehorses Iroquoi*, F.F., and Mertoun. On the 6ame day, at Kirk's Bazaar, thejr will submit a number of well bred horses for Mr, D. IL II ill, of Lindenow. They consist principally of three-year-olds by Wollomai, whowonthe Melbourne Cup, while others are by the Arab Lucifer, His Lord ship, and Silence. Indian trailers should find something among these to suit them. Full particulars of the Murrnmbidgee Turf Club Autumn Meeting will be found in the advertising columns this week, and I may here remind owners of horses that entries tor the Birthday Handicap, Hurdle Kace, and Wiutcr Handicap close with the secretary, Mr. J. Ha wires, on Tuesday next, April 26. Satisfactory entries have been received for die Victoria Amateur Tori Club meeting, to be held on the 7th May. For the Trial Handicap 30 horses have been nominated and there are 27 in the Hurdle Race. The Selling Race, notwithstanding that ."100 sovereigns have been added, has bat eight enjries,-though it must be admitted that Bomeof them are pretty .smart over the dis tance, and should Stafford, The Ghost, or Umbra win, the club is almost certain to cet money back again. There are 19 in the Steeplechase, and I notice that Wymtet is «ne of thejmmber. For the Glen Huntly Owners of horses mnBt not forget that the Mordialloc entries close at the V.A.T.C. office at 4 p.m. on Monday next, April 25. The programme constats of the Trial Stakes of 20 BOVB.. Hurdle Race of 30 80vs., llichfield Stakes of 30 sovs., Selling Sta kea of 40 so vs.. Mordia 1 locStakes of 40so vs., and Youthful Stakes of 20 eovs.] and as the flat races are to be run over a straight coarse, the competitors are not likely to be inter fered with. The meeting will not be held until Thursday, the I2th May, the Wyndham people having fixed their meeting for the date originally chosen by Mr. Bradabaw. Kangaroo,who injured himself so severely in the A.J.C. Steeplechase, had to be shot cn the tollowing day. Messrs. W. C. Vuille and Co. will hold an important sale of horses on Wednesday, May 4, when they will dispose of Mr. W. R Vir poe's horses. 1 notice that Mr. Weeks has placed his Arabs in their hands for private sale, and admirers of tbe sons of the desert should have a look at these recent importa tions. On Thursday next Messrs. Little and Borthwick (in conjunction with Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co.) will dispose "of the whcle of Mr. James Grice's stud of horses, including Tantaliser, Moonlight, 30 mares, with foal9 at foot, and a number of useful horsea suitable for the Indian marKet An extra race has been introduced to the Boort programme. The prize is a Ladies' Hracclet value 10 Guineas, presented by Mr. Derhnm. Entries for the whole of the events close with the hon. secretary, Mr. M'Donalrl, on Wednesday next, 27tli iiist i Myall King, who was purchased by Mr. j Weekea tor Lord William lir-resford, has gone into T. Jones's stable, and wiil remain there until he leaves for India. At my private residence the other day I received a circular announcing that the annual consultation of the Sydney Jockey Tnrf Club on the Queen's Birthday Cup would soon take place, and that £10,000 would be distributed iu itrieek I suppose that every other citizen of Melbourne has re ceived a similar communication. For years 1 have denounced this affair as one of the grossest swindles ever thrust upon the people1 of Australia, and other members of the nress j have done the aatne ; yet no member of the New South Wales Legislature has had the moral courage to malic an attempt to pre vent the people from being robbed by the designing scoundrels who unblushinglv an nounce that all communications (enclosing cheques and stamps) will be received at Bi»x 7S4, General Post-office, Sydney. Tbe exist ence of such a swindle is a standing disgrace j to the Government of New South Wales. I hope Victorians will not be entrapped by tbe apparent liberality of the conditions. Settling over the late A.J.C. meeting will take place at the Victorian Club on Monday, j Moonce Valley meeting on Thursday was] Bnort and sweet Mr. Cor evidently knows how to hit the public taste. He doesn't commence operations until 2 o'clock, thus enabling his patrons have lunch before they start for the course, and the last racc is set down lor . decision, eo that you can get to town before dark and in good time for dinner. The racing was Srst-class, most of the finishes being very close and exciting. Haibinger and Prattler had a great set-to for the Maiden P.'ate, nnd the former, who won cleverly, bears a striking rescm-j blance to Volc-inn. Gnsliurucr seems ,toj have developed into a useful colt, as one i bred like he is should, and he won the t wo i handicaps through sheer gamenesre. lie is very like his sire; Angler, bat much smaller. Damocles, who had the lenient impost of Gst 41b., ran an utter brute, and seems to have degenerated into a confirmed rogue, racing only when tie pleases. Sorcerer is a little mine of wealth to suburban racing clubs, for whenever the selling race which he contests is under five farlongshe generally wins so easily that people are in duced to give a fair price for him, and the club funds receive a welcome addition. In the Anniversary Handicap Umbra looked all over a winner at the turn, as Williamson had a good hold of her, but Julian Gray ex tended her in the strai^ht.and then when Gas burner got alongside her he quickly settled her. The crowd evidently imagined that Williamson was to blame for the filly's defeat, and gave him a hearty groan when he returned to the weighing enclosure Spartan might have won (he Hurdle I lace much easier if his riiler had allowed him to sail alnnp, but he made a close thing of it with Encore, who might,- after all, have beaten his opponent had not the rider of Spartan, in raising his whip to pnnish his own horse, struck Encore over the head.* There was a protest, and Bare admitted that he had Btrackthe horse,but explained thntitwas accidental. The stewards must have imagined that it did not interfere with the favourite'*! chance of winning, for they dismissed the protest As Spartan won by a very Bhort head, it is possible, however, that but for the interference the judge's verdict might have been the other way. This system of " ac cidental interference" is becoming more frequent every day, and if stewards intend to allow it to pass, then good-bye to anything like fair riding. Members of Bowes' Tattersftll's will proceed with the settling over the A.J.C. meeting at their rooms at noon on Monday. At the York (S. A.) meeting Mr.G. Towton'u Telephone carried Sit. and won the YorkCup of 100 sova. easily. He also won the Flying Handicap with Oat. upon hja back. First Prince was to have ton at the meeting, "but local papers state that he was " dicky," and had to tie withdrawn. sextant, who beat Aiaxim on the second day of the Chriatchurch Jockey Club Meet ing, is toy Robinson Crtisoe from Sunshine," anlat tlie sale of the Terrara yearlings was purchased by Mr. D. O'BneniorlfiSgtuneas. He ia engaged in.tie V«K,CL Derby, ond^as O'iJrien has fared well on previous visits, probably he will bring the colt over in the spring. His dam. Sunshine, is by Msribyr nontr from Nightlight, the dam of Lantern and MyDre&m;, bolhDerby winners, 1 have been requested to state that Pea* mond, who hoe been nominated for the two handicaps at Bonrke, is not the son of EingBbbransh, bat another animal ^to gether. by Panic from Miss Priam. ^ . Double-event books have been opened on the V.11.C. Derby and Melbourne Cup, and a good deal of business has been done m.ihia description of wagering. For the Derby out-' right, Abereorn ia first favourite atOtol/ftnd uezt to him comes Niagara at 8 to L : There will be a race meeting at Springvale to-day, and to suit the convenience of visitors cabs will start from the Caul field Club Hpte) directly after the arrival of Melbourne trains.' . ? * 5 ««rt .a Sheet Anchor has becnplaced inUpw. W, ?. l'uille and Co.'a hands for priyflt^etlo. A aoombati better?co|isttoipn^^ animi$ liever carried a «u&dl;^ ,$aa jnortover roaster in Match! of ' ahot-sBpoGkewlnfcfctl the attributes® efcess&ryiib; tanke #sa<kwiflful makers who indulged in itonihelxger«t&nd; were anramoinfd and fined., The lion. W. Pearsonibtende, ITaelieve, to pat Fryingpan into tmniDR again. . . 