: SUICIDE OF A RACING MAN. ' On Friday morning Mr Joshua Duffott,..the 'son of Mr J. G. Duffett, of the firm of .Messrs Duffett and Brown, solicitors, Melbourne, com mitted suicide under very Bad circumstances. Mr. Duffett, who is well-known in sporting cirolcs, resided at Racecourse- road, Caulfield. Ho went to Warragul lust week to superintend the removal of a number of cattle owned by his father. He returned from there, and on Tues day afternoon ho went to Dandeneng. He borrowed a double-barrelled gun from a black- Binith at Dandenoug named Green, on the pre text that he wanted it for the purpose of shoot ing a horso. The gun was loaded in each barrel with a bullet, at Mr Duffett'a request. It.iB i rumoured that the bullets were caBt for him by the blacksmith, but the statement requires con- 'lirmation. Thus equipped, he proceeded on hqraeback.to Urea's Hotel, which is about three miles from Dandeuohg, on the Berwick-road. . He remained at the hotel during the night. He appeared to be in his usual condition of health, aud gave uu evidence whatever of any intention which he might have formed to put an end to his life. Ho rose at .8 o'clock in the morning. He partook of a glass of brandy and lemonade, uiul told tho man in charge of the bar tliat he would take his gun, and " have a shot before breakfast." His action caused no surprise. N» suspicion was excited as to his intentions, and it was not known wliut direction he took when ho left the house. The tragic 'incident which followed showed that ho deliberately determined to commit suicide according to a preconceived plan. He appears to have walked direct to an uninhabited cottage, described as being little bettor than a hut, about a third of a mile from the hotel, noar the Hallam-road railway station. In the cottage there was nn old stretcher. To tliiB he appears to havo tied the trigger of the gun in such a way that he could manipulate it with fatal effect to himself. He directed - the barrel at his own body, and by pulling the gun exploded the charge in one of the barrels. The bullet passed through his body on the loft sido, penetrating the lungs and causing profuse bleeding. There was no witness of the occurrence, and what was the iimnediuto effect of the wound is not at present known. If it rendered him uneohscious, it must have been only for a short timo. Ha must have suffered great pain, but in spite of this, he left the hut,, aud walked or crawled the whole dis tance back to the hotel, climbing ou the way ovora three railed fence, still bleeding profusely from his wound, and iu a dying condition. During this terrible walk the strain upon the system of tho injured man must have been very great, and his suffering intense. However, by seme means ho reached the hotel, and at 9 o'clock, after an absence of ail hour, during which time nothing had been heard of him, he was seen climbing in evident distress to the gate leading to the yard at the rear of tho house'. A man employed iu the yard was tho first to discover' him. His clothes were covered with blood, and his coudition being ascertained, he was at once placed in bed' in the hotel, and medical assistance sent for. Dr Moore, of Dandenoug, arrived shortly afterwards. He examined and dressed the large and gaping wound in Mr Duffet's aide, but an once pro nounced his case to bo hopeless. A telegram was subsequently despatched to Mr DuffeLt's parents in Melbourne, and they went down to Dandunong, accompanied by Mr Girdlcstone, suieemi, vrlioc services they had obtained. Mr Duffett revived after Iub wound was dressed, and was able to converse with those who attended him. . At . 4 o'clock, in the afternoon, however, he became uncon scious. He then sank rapidly, and at ' 7 o'clock in the ovening he died from henmurr- hnge of the lungs, tho result of the self iniiioted wound. Tho case was for a time surrounded by some mystery. Mr Duffett was not known at the .'hotel, and when he returned with 'the fatal ; wound in his side he slated that lie had slipped and accident-lily eliot himself. Subsequently I inquiries led to the discovery of the gun in the j uninhabited cottage near tho Hallaui'e-roud 'railway station, with the trigger still fusteued to 'the stretcher, aud then information was ! obtained which made it evident that the case ; was one of deliberate suicide. The parents, iwlio returned to their residence at Riveradale- iroud, Hawthorn, on Friday, had not autici- Ipated any such act of self-destruction "oti the rpart of their sou. They state that about ten (years ago Mr Duffett met with an accident in I the hunting field, which caused serious injuiy to | his head. Ho recovered, but since then lie had been subject to severe neuralgia, which recurred with distressing regularity during the cold (weather of the whiter months. He could obtain (no remedy for bis nilmont. When the paiu was (great he often walkod about his room ut liight (unable to rest, and it is supposed tlint his sufferings from this cause produced the depression of mind which inducod him tn commit Buicide. Mr Duffett was 33 years of age. He was un married, and was well-known in sporting circles, principally in connection with racing. For seven or oiglit years he had traiued horses at Caulfield, and run them uuder the assumed name of Mr J. G. Reid. His principal success was achieved two years ago with Grace Darling iu tho race for tho Caulfield Cup, which she won, and tho same mare subsequently was beaten by a head only for tho Melbourne Cup won by Sheet Anchor. The Ghost and Gadfly, both wiunors of tho V.A.T.C. Ladies' Trophy, were amongst others of his winning horses. For sonio timo pnst, however, Mr Duffett'a racing operations have not been nttonded by buccobs, and sevoral of his horses, including Grace Darling, wero recently sold by auction. At tho inquest a verdict was returned that doath was occasioned by a wound self- inflicted. 