s.ß.C. NEW- YEAR'S',DAY,.MEETING.U ' [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, January 1. The New Year's Day meeting of the Victorian Racing Club was celebrated amidst splendid weather. There was a large attendance of spectators. The racing was fine and unusually attractive. The ring had a severe afternoon owing to the continued wins of the favourites. The Bagot Handicap was one of the finest races ever witnessed on the course, the horses being literally packed together while ' contesting the race.- All Gold's victory. was very popular. THE STANDISH HANDICAP, a sweepstakes of 6 sovs. each with SOOiKldwl.hccondhorsetoi-eccivelOOsoVB. out of the stakes for three-year-olds and upwards; a mile. (Closed with eighty-five subs.) 8\. Miller's William Tell, flat. Mrs. (Olds) 1 S. Martin's Hogmanay, Mt. 5lb Power) 2 H. Hunt'H Kohai, 78t. 'Jib. . ... (Tallon) 3 The other starters were Sheet Anchor, Coronet, Pocabontas.QuintinMntieys.TheGrliostjXantippe, Don Giovanni, Straight Shot, Marie Louise, Sedition, Louise, Bertha, SIji-onoy.Lara, Menotb, Harvester, Muioondah, St. Louis, and Retort. Betting : William Tell, 5 to 4 ; Hogmanay, 6 to 4; Khar, to 1 ; Straight Shot and Harvester, 10 to Agoodstartwaseffected; "Willi.unTell, Sedition, and the Ghost wore the first to show in a tent; and crossing the tan Harvester joined the leaders', but William Tell came away at the distance mut iron easily from Hogmanay and Kohai, Harvester fourth, Coronet fifth. Time, being. raised. THE NORMANBY STAKES, a sweepstakes of 10 bon. each, with 400 sort. added; for two-year-olds ; the second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the Third 25 BOH. out of the stake; furlongs. (Closed with quality hub scribers). ' ( C. L. M'Donald's Hortense, 9st. 7lb. ... (Campbell 1 E. Mitchelson's Escutcheon, bat. 10lb... (Ivenivl 2 Hon. W. Pearson's Bedouin, 8st. 10lb.. (Wood)' 3 The other starters were Perhaps, Lord Allen, Loyalist, and Liedertafel. Betting : o to i on Hortense, 3 to 1 v. Escutcheon 6 to 1 Bedouin, 8 to 1 Leidertafel. This was also a good start. Liedertafel, Hortense and Perhaps were first away, with Loyalist and Eecutcheou next. This order was maintained over the tan. At the course plover, Perhaps led from. Hortense, with Bedouin on his quarter, but at the distance Hortense drew away, and though Escutcheon came very fast during the last 100 yards, the make won by two lengths from the colt, Bedouin being a length in distance away, third, Perhaps fourth, and Loyalist last. Time, 1min. 45sec. Hennig HACK ; a handicap sweepstakes of 6 sovs each, with 200 added; second horse to receive 50 Sovs. out of Blieschke ; about 2 miles. J. Scobie's Blue Mountain, list. 3lb. . (Scobie) 1 J. 13.'Gill's Whalebone, 9st. (Williams) 2 T. Jones's Goodwood, 8st. Dib. (Anderson) 3 The other starters wore The Agent, Bonnie Lad, Revenge, Louis, and Woolgar. Betting : 5 to 1 on Blue Mountain, 4 to 1 v. Goodwood, 6 to 1 Bonnie Lad, 7 to 1 The Agent and Revenge. Louis and Blue Mountain took first position at the start from Revenge and Bonnie Lad!. Rounding the bend the favourite chopped back fifth from. Whalebone, Bonnie Lad, The Agent, and Berris., The pace was very slow until at the back of the course, where Blue Mountain resumed the lead from the Agent, Bonnie Lad,-Louis, and Goodwood. The same order was maintained past the post, but at the abattoirs Blue Mountain was still first, and going at a rattling pace over the last hurdle, was never headed, Whalebone on the outside being one and a-half length behind, second, Goodwood a head away, third. Time, 4min. 50sec. The BAGOT MAScAr.A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, with 1000 added ; second horse to receive 200 sovs., and the third 100 sovs. out of the stakes for three-year-olds and upwards; li mile and a furlong. (Closes with 50 subs.) S. Martin's All Gold, Tut.(Gorry) 1 It. Orr's Recall, 7st. 7lb.,. (Power) 2 J. Cripp's Duration, Sst. Dib.(Brown) 3 The other starters were Conimotiou, Sardius, Grace Darling, Silvermine, Britisher, Meteor, Rufus, Lord Wilton, Boolka, Claptrap, Came zinc, The Nun, The Lovito, Metal, Fish o' Silver, Harvester, Impulse, and Stuck. Bolting : 3 to 1 v. All Gold, 5 to 1 Silvermine, S to 1 Lord Wilton and The Nun, 10 to 1 Grace Darling, Commotion, Cimrorine, and Recall, 12 to 1 Claptrap and Duration. Boolka, Recall, Camerino, and All Gold, made the pace at the start from Lord Wilton, who was in the centre, with Britisher and The Nun next, the last two being Shark and The Lovito. The lot were packed past the stand, where Cameron was waited on by All Gold, but at the liver Harvester went to the front of her by a length, Lord Wilton, All Gold, Britisher and The Nun loading the remainder. At the abattoirs Harvester gave way to The Lovito, who was chased by Recall, The Lovito with Duration heading the second rank. Britisher and Lord Wilton were also prominent. Meteor drew up third at the half-mile, and at the distance Duration was showing in front from All Gold, Meteor, Lord Wilton, Britisher, and Claptrap Tho whole of the horses were almost abreast at the half-distance; Duration then fell back, and All Gold responding gamely won by half-a-length from Recall, Duration being third, a head away from Camerino, Grace Darling and Claptrap being abreast, the last four being The Lovito, Sardius, Rufus, and Shark. Time, 2min. 53sec. ' ' SrEEPi.F.ciiASK.-A handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 800 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs. middle third 25 Sovs. out of the stakes' ; about 2 miles. F. Martin's Lizette, 12st. lib. (Batty) 1 J. M'Grade's Moonlight Dst. 121. .. >.. 2 Hon. W. Pearson's Lady Aiditon, 12st. 5lb. (M'Leocl) 8 The other starters were Contingent, Letitia, Curiosity, and Salesman. Betting : 2 to 1 v. Lady Ashton, 3 to 1 Lizette, 5 to 1 Letitia. Lady Ashton was loading a long distance from Curiosity, when she fell at the stone wall, letting in Lizette, who was never headed," and won by 200 yards. Time, 5min. 8sec. Tin: CaiTERioN-' Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes of 3 sows., with 150 added, for two-year-olds; J mile. ' E. Mitchelson's Escutcheon, 7st.. .. ' (Irony) 1 E. Miller's Pingara, 7st. lb (Turner) 2 Hon. L. L. Smith's Epicurean, 8st. 10lb The other starters were Albert, Loddon, Ormonde, St. Michael, Citadel, and Loyalist. . Bolting : 2 to 4 v. Escutcheon, 4 to 1 Pingala and Epicurean. Won easily in a canter. Time, 1min. 20sec. 