A REPLY TO MR. KIRKHAM EVANS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Kindly allow me space to reply to Mr. K. Evans. Your correspondent supposes that the people of Cradock, Yanyarrie, and Black- <*> rock were under the impression that the devil had made his appearance in their midst. Now I faave not heard anyone intimate anything of the kind, the only realisation of that per sonage being, in my opinion, in onr own evil nature, more or less as the case may be. lam also of tbe opinion tbat for any person to make con elusive investigation into any matter it is ab solutely necessary for bim to be unbiassed to prevent any preoonedved notion or wish from furthering the belief as to result. Can Mr. Evans eay conscientiously tfaat he was unpre judiced > I understand Mr. Evans is thoroughly versed in legerdemain, and has rendered good service to tiie public in tiie exposure of spiritualistic frauds, but with due deference to his superior experience in and knowledge of the " blade art," I submit that the very frequent outcome of hisinvestigations beingthe discovery of fraud, he approached the examination of this caae with a biassed opinion, which landed him in a condusion earlier than it should have done, and without the exhaustive test the case de served. He did not eee the child knocking; be did hot prove the child was not asleep. He makes the bald assertion that tfae child is a cunning trickster, but does not offer proof. Bdore he iB justified in denouncing the girl and thereby casting a dur upon her character and that of some of her friends he should faave proof beyond doubt. Of course, in the popular mind the whde affair readily and simply resolves itself into either fraud or a ghost, ue.. visitation of a disembodied deoeased person ; and the mere suggestion of fraud by an erpoaer of such eo well known as Mr. Evans, would be quite con vincing to the majority who accept the opinions of those who do think, and most readily ao oept an opinion which requires no further mental effort. But, sir, has not psychical re search discovered phenomena which offer an explanation between the two above extremes. In tiie report of the proceedings of the P.& Society for 1886, the personnel of which iB above suspicion, a case of knocking is described which in many respects dosdy resembles tiie caae of Sissy Schutz, and Professor Barrett con dudes the description of his investigations thus: —" I wab then, and am still, morally certain that the phenomena of the knockings had a real existence outside oneeelf, and they were not produced by trickery or by known causes. Hence, I confess I could come to no other con clusion tban that we faad here a class of phenomena wholly new to science." The knockings continued to be heard for some time, but Profeesor Barrett quotes from a letter re cdved last year from the parents where tiiey, eay, "F has never bad a return of her medinmehip since IS7-5. It died a sudden death there and then," the writer expressing _ati_faction at the discontinuance of the phenomenon for fear of ite development exerdsing an unfavorable influence on the child. It would appear, therefore, tfaat a form of psycichal phenomena exists the fact of which has only recently been grasped by science and not yet resolved into a theory. I may say for my own part tiiat I was sceptical ot these thing?, but when I went to investigate the matter I tried to do it conscientiously, and believe I did so. As I previously stated, on my first visit the lamp was burning, though not ful]. I ehould eay about 3-candle power, and the fire was also burning brightly. I held the child's ar__,B and Mr. Hidiardson her feet, and the knocks were distinctly heard in the flags of the floor about IS inches in front of us. lam posi tive I was not deceived in the locality of the sounds. In justice to myself I must say that I am not a Epiritualist, neither have I any desire to become one., neither am I a profeesor of any particular creed, but hold truth and justice amongst tfae most sacred things in God's earth which should be supported without fear or favor.—l am, Ac., ALPH MITCHELL, Cradcck, June 13,1557. 