PORT CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. Two^eii^S™P?^ !h? Church oi Chriat." Taking as kiB tot l PnrinthianB xii, 13, the preacher said that discussion helped people to ^ to decide what course to take, and tt ehoold. be carried on with personal trieudliness. From the advertisement The legion of Protestant Dissenters and the Church _of Christ" he felt certain that the Canon in tended to express his usual errors on this Bubject, and therefore out of faithfulness to their eouis, to the future of Australia, and to the soul of Canon Green he should esBav a little correction of the same. The root error running through Canon Green a sermon was his doctrine concerning the proper Christian truth as regards the Church of God. The doctrine of the New Testa ment was quite as authoritative as the Praverbook. The New Testament taught that there was a Church of Christ which was the very body of Christ, out of the pale of which there was no salvation. This w » Church whose members were members of the flesh and bone of Christ. This was the Church which Jesus loved, against which the eates of Hades shall not prevail. Christ and the Apostles did not teach that this Church was an artificial viBlblf. praQ?j J Societv. or body of persons like the Odd fellows orFreemasons, aB Mr. Green saidthe Anglican Church was. The Church of God was something tremendously superior and deeper and truer in its any visible incorporation of Oddfellows or fteemasooB. To belong to this Church of God one must be operated upon 1b*t!^^nto fthnst " By one spirit are we baptized into one body." One must really be renewed in the spirt of the mind, must be born again, must repent his sins, and in an rnuer motion of the bouI muBt ever try to follow Christ as leader, master, and friend. These genuine members of Christ were tobe found in oil the visible ecclesiastical corpora ?f.e world. Most of them were in heKfer^partof the host had crossed the flood and part are crossing now. Not in the shallow sense of the Canon, but with pro foundeet truth. Protestant Dissenters. used the Canon's words, " that each man in the Church of Christ is not an isolated untt. but a member of a family, a citizen of the king dom of heaven, witu his training in this world and his hopes for the next dependent upon his harmony with the family audhiaobe dience to the laws of the kingdom. A member separated himself from thiB family by^rejieclt ing the Christ he once loved, and by so doing must iierish. The visible existence of tne body of persons in the world profoundly akin to one another in their common love of God and Christ, their compassionate love of man, their sense of the world, their longing for and diligent effort to become prepared for heaven, had been made manifest in every country from generation to generation. The real Churcn was manifest by love and Rood works Some of those good people thought one another to be dreadful heretics. In all thoBB artificial corporations there had been many ungodly persons, many hypocrite., and many wicked sinners who were not m the everlasting Church of God at all. Those baptized murderers, scoundrels, tyrants, and oppressors of whom they read m history were in this visible corporation, but he should have to take leave of his senses before he be lieved that they were members of Christ s body, flesh and bone.. They beJievei iQ a visible artificial organization, like Oadfel lows. with modes of admission, powers of discipline, and powers of excommunication, because they found that over and above 1the everlasting Church of Christ which the. Holy Ghost was making the Apostles organized a number of visible Societies of professedbe lievers, to which they gave the name of Churches. These visible Societies were not identical with the Church of Christ. They were valuable institutions for the good of the world. They were instruments of building the kingdom and the true everlasting Church, but nothing more. The Anglican Church was one of these temporal oocieties but nothing could be more unscriptural than SDeaking of it as the Church of God. The same thing waB true oi the Congregational Chnrch: they did not caU it the Church of Christ, though it was a Q^cmoa Greeks On these grounds he held Canon Greens doctrine of the Church to be a buge c«°n ranon Green was a minister of a rrotestars Church The Archbishop of Canterbury, the head of the fSnglish Church, caused the Queen to swear ' to maintain the Protestant reformed religion estabUahed by law." Canon Green was a minister of that Church, and therefore a Protestant. It was not true that Protestant Dissenters had neither altar, priest, nor sacrifice, the cross of Christ at Calvary was their altar. Christ the only begotten faon of God, was their sacrifice and their Great High Priest, wto Kended to the Holy Temple, and ever lived to make intercession for them. Accord ing to the New Testement every true disciple of Christ waB a prieBt. The whole body oi Christians were a royal priesthood. The kind of priest which Mr. Green would set up was nothing but an artificial creation. Such a person had no New Testament authority. Canon Green had said that the lastobjectof the aesemblmg of the Dissenters was to worship God. Had he not known that.there was once, a godly and able Congregational minister in Hut landshire, held in high respect all the neigh bourhood round, and that Canon Green was his eon, and was bred under the ministra tions of that good man, heehouldhave ,mqpinp^ that this talk was based on de ficient information. As Canon Green must have known that the object of all their, meet ing in solemn assembly was to worship and alorifs God, he could only account for the extiaordinaxy Baying by believing that Caaoa Green's tongue became au unruly member, and Ceiying the reins of reason ran away. They did not sing or pray to please them selves but to worship God, although as good Christians they should take pleasure iu the exercises of God's house. Uanou Green attacked the great Protestant principle of private judgment. In so doing he did not Btate the case fairly. He would take a future opportunity of defining that principle. He would remind Ganon Green that the great writer and defender of that prin ciple was Chillingworth, one of the greatest ornaments of the English Church. The early Christians were more like Congregationalista, Baptists, and Presbyterians. The systems of Prelacy and Popery were departures from primitive truth and order. Whether true or false, Prelacy was unknown to the Apostles. Canon Green quoted two books. He would quote two books atao—the Hew Testament and Thomas h Kempis. The Church which Sreduced and circulated the latter kept the Tew Testament from the laity century after century. The Protestant Dissenters placed neither marinade, Prayer-bonk, nor Thomas h Kempis, but the Hew Testament, in the hands of all the people as their guide to the celestial city. He believed that the Canon's doctrine about the Church, sacraments, priests, &c.;, was fairly deducible from the Prayer- book. At the same time the Canon knew there were large parties in the Church who thought that the Prayer-book allowed another type of doctrine altogether. The Low Church did not hold Canon Green's interpretation of the Prayer-book. It had been declared iu Court that the Low Church doctrine was consistent with the Prayer-book. So this book, it appeared, spoke with two voices. The Church of England had three parties, so it was not quite fair for Canon Green to repre sent his own school of thought as identical with the Church of England. The Canon's views were dangerous to the English nation. If worked out they would lead large numbers back again to the Roman Church, which he held to be a great retro gression and a vast misfortune. He feared for the political, social, and religions conse quences of Canon Green's theory on historical grounds. In concluding the preacher said Protestant Dissenters hold that Christ is the life of man, that He is all our salvation, that ministers and sermons and sacraments and hymns andaervices are useful helps to the soul, and means used by Christ to take a saving hold of souls. But we hold that the soul in itB faith, love, and repentance has direct accesB to the Redeemer. We also believe that Christ bears with many errors. We believe that no man is in the Catholic Church who does not love the Lord Jesus in sincerity and truth, and we believe that no man is out of the Catholic Church who does love the Lord JeBUB Christ in sincerity and truth. Hence our watchword of uuion is " Grace, mercy, and peace be with all them that love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth." 