WJTI AND HUMOUR EXTRACTS FROM ELBOW ROOM. the meeting and its missionary work. The Methodist church in the village is doing now, as it has always done, a good and noble work for Christianity and the cause of public morals ; but it lias not escaped the trials which are permitted sometimes to afflict the Church militant. Years ago, when the congregation \>a3 first organized, it erected a small but very pretty frame-meeting. In the course .of time the people became dissatilicd with the location of the Iiousg of worship ; and as they had a good oiler for the site, they sold it and bought a better one in another quarter. Then they put rollers under the building, and as soon as it was off the ground the purchaser of the lot began to build a dwelling-house on the site. It was" slow work pushing the church along the street, and before they got far some body discovered that the title of the now site was not good, and so the bargain was aunulled. Tlio next day the brethren went plunging around town tryiug to buy another site, but nobody had one to sell ; and on the following morning the super visors got an order from the court requir ing that meeting-house to be removed witliiu twenty-four hours. The brethren were nearly wild about it, and they begged old Brindley to let them run the concern in on his vacant lot temporarily until they could look around. But Brindley belonged to another deno mination, ind lie aaid iie felt that it would lie wrong for hiin to do anything to help a church that believed false doctrines. Then they ran the meeting-house out on the turnpike beyond the town, whereupon the turnpike company notified them that its charges would bo eight dollars a day for toll. So they hauled it back again ; and while going down the hili it broke loose, plunged through the fence of Dr. Mickey's garden and brought up on the top of his asparagus-bed. He is an Episcopalian, and lie sued the meeting for damages ; and the sheriff leviud upon the metting-houso. Tho brethren paid the bill and dragged the building out again. They' wanted to put it in tho court house yard, but Judgo. Twiddler, who is a Presbyterian, said that after examiuiug the statu.-s carefully he could find no law allowing a Methodist luesting-house to be located in that place. In despair, the brethren ran the building down to the river-shore and fitted it on a huge raft of logs, concluding to tie it to the wharf until they could buy a lot. But as tho owner of the- wharf handed them on the \- third day a bill of twenty-five dollars for llwhaifuge, thoy took the building out and III anchored it in the stream. That night a || tug-boat, coming up the river in the dark, |i ran half-way through the Sunday-school m room, and a Dutch brig, coming into i|| collision with it, was drawn out with the || pulpit and three of the front pews dangl- H ing from tho bowsprit. The owners of gl both vessels sued for damages, and the J United States authorities talked . of j| confiscating tho .meeting-house as an M obstruction to navigation. But a few H days afterwards the ice-gorge sent a flood p down the rivor and brcko the building j| loose from its anchor. It was subset || quently washed ashore on Keyser'a farm ; | and he said ho was willing to lot it stay m there at four dollars a day rent until he H wub ready to plough for corn. As the jl cost of removing it would have been very If great, the trustees ultimately sold it to f Keyser for a barn, and then, securing a good lot, they built a handsome edifice of stone. _ On the first Sunday that the congrega tion worshiped in the new church Mr. Potts attended ; and in accordance with his custom, ho plac-ed his silk high hat just outside of the pew in the aisle. In a few moments Mrs. Jones entered, and as \- Bhe proceeded up the aisle her abounding skirts caught Mr. Potts' hat and rolled it nearly to tho pulpit. Mr. Pott3 pursued his hat with feelings of indignation ; and when Mr3. Jones took her seat, he walked back, brushing the hat with his >Ieeve. A few moments later Mrs. Hopkins came into church ; and as Mr. had again placed Ins hat on the aisle, Mr3. Hopkins' skirts struck it and swept it along about twenty feet, and left it lying on the carpet in a demoralized condition. Mr. Potts was singing a hymn at the time, and he didn't inis3 it. But a moment later, when lie looked over tho end (j>f the pew to Eee if it was safe, lie was furious to perceive that it was gone. He skirmished up the aisle after it again, red in; the face, and uttering sentences which were very much out of place in the sanctuaty. Ilowover, he put the hat down again and determined to keep his eye oh it, but just as he turned his head away for a moment Mrs. Smiley came in, and Potts looked around in . time only to watch the hat being gathered in under Mrs. Smiley 's skirts and carried away by them. Ho started in pursuit, and just as ho did so the lia't must liavo rolled against Sirs. SmiJoy's ankles, for she gave a jump and screamed right out in tho church." When her husband asked her what was tho matter, she said there must be a dog under her dress, and she gavo her ekirts a twist. Out rolled Mr. Potts hat, and Mr. Smiley, being very near-sighted, thought it was a dog, and .. immediately kicked it so savagely that it flew up into the gallery and lodged on top of the organ. Mr. Potts perfectly frantic with rage, forgot where he was ! and hold- ing his clenched fist under Smiloy's nose. iie snnekea, I ve half a mind to brain you, you scoundred !" Then he flung down his hymn-book and rushed from the church. Ho went home bareheaded, and the sexton brought his humiliating hat around after dinner. After that Mr. Pol is expressed a pujrpose to go habitually to Quaker meetings, where he could say his prayers with his hat on his head, and where the skirts of female worshippers are smaller. it LP011 a subsequent occasion Mrs. Whistler had even a greater occasion for dissatisfaction with the sanctuary. Tho facts in Mrs. Whistler's case were these : Mrs. Whistler has singular absence of tho mind, and on the last Sunday she attended church Dr. Dox . began to read from the Scriptures the account of the Deluge. Mrs. Whistler - was deeply attentive ; and when the. db'ctoiv came to tho story of how it rained so many days and nights, she was so much absorbed in narrative and so strongly impressed with it that she involuntarily pur up her um brella and held it over her head as she sat in the pew. It appears that Mrs. Moody, who sits in the next pew in front, frequently brings her lap dog to church with her; and when Mrs. Whistler raised her umbrella suddenly, the action affected the sensibilities of Mrs. Moody's dog in such a manner that he began to bark furiously. Of course tho sexton came in to remove tho _ animal, but it dodged into a vacant pew upon the other side of tho aislo and defied Jhim bat king vociferously all riie time. Then the sexton bccomo warm and indignant, and he flung a cane at the dog, whereupon the dog flew out and bit his leg. The excitement in the ehurchby this time, of course, was simply dreadful. Hot only was the story of the Deluge in terrupted, but tho umegenerate Suuday- school scholars in the gallery actually hissed the dog at the sexton, and seemed to enjoy the contest. exceedingly. Then Elder McGinn came after the dog with his cane, and as he pursued the ani mal it dashed towaid the puipit and ran up the steps in' sucli a quick manner that the doctor quickly mounted a chair, and remarked, with anger flashing through hi3 spectacles, that if this disgraceful scene did not soon come to an end ho should dismiss the congregation. Thou the elder crept softly up the stairs, and after a short struggle he succeeded in grasping tho dog by one of its hind legs. Then he walked down the aisle with it, the dog meantime yelling with superna- ' tural energy and the Sunday-school boys making facetious manner. Mrs. Whistler turned around, with other members of the congregation, to watch the retreating elder, aiid as alio did so she permitted lior unconscious umbrella to droop so that one of tho ribs caught in Mrs. Moody's bonnet. A moment later when she was straightening up tho um brella, the bonnet was wrenched off, and hung dangling from the umbrella. Mrs. Moody had become exceedingly warm, at any rate, over the onslaught made upon her dog. but when Mrs. Whistler removed her bonnet, she fairly boiled over ; and turning round, white with rage,- she screamed, " What'd you grab that bonnet for, you wretch! Haven't you male enough fuss in this, church to-day, sheering . a ; poor innocent dog, without snatching off stioh bonnets as the like of you can't afford to wear, no matter how mean you" live at home, you red-headed lunatic, you ! You let my bonnet alone, or I'll hit you .with that parasol, if»it i3 in meeting, now mind me." ., = Then Mrs. Whistler, for the first time, began to realize that her umbrella made ' her conspicuous; so she furled it, aud concluded to cscapo from an ombarrassing position by going home. As she stepped into- the aislo her enemy gave l.er a parting salute : " Sneaking off before tho collection, too ! You'd better spend less on beast pins and. give more to the poor heathen if you don't want to ketch it hereafter ! ' Then she began to fan herself furiously, and as Sirs. Whistler emerged from the front door and things became calmer tho doctor resumed the story of the Flood. But Mrs. Whistler has given up her pew and gone over to the Presbyterians, and there are rumors that Mrs. Moody is going to secede also because Elder McGinn insists that she shall leave her dog at home. The Dorcas and missionary societies of. the church are particularly active, but they were somewhat discouraged a year or two ago by certain unforseen occurrences. Tho ladies of the Dorcas Society made up a large quantity of shirts, trousers and socks, anil boxed them up, and seut them to a missionary s:-t on on the west coast of Africa. A man named Ridley went out with the boxes and stayed in Africa for several months. When he returned the Dorce3 Society of course, was anxious to hear hew its donation was received, and Ridley one evening met the members and told them acout it in a littlo speech. He said, — "Well, you know, we got the clothes out there all right, and after a wliilo we distributed them among some of the natives in tho neighbourhood. We thought maybe it would attract them to the mission, but it didn't ; aud after some time had elapsed and not a native came to church with the clothes on, I went out cn an exploring expedition to find out about it. It seems that oh the. first day after the goods were distributed one of the chiefs attempted to dress himself in a shirt. He didn't exactly understand it, and he pushed his legs- through- the arms and gathered the tail up around his waist. He couldn't make it stay up, however, and thoy say he went around inquiring in his native tongue what kind of an idiot- it was that constructed a garment that wouldn't hang on, and swearing some of the most awful heathen oaths. At last he let it drag, ana tnat nsgnc ne got nis legs tangled in it somehow, and fell over a precipice and was killed. " Another chief who got one on pro perly went paddling around in the dark,' and the people, imagining, that he was a ghost, sacrificed four babies to keep off the evil spirit. - ' ' "And than you know those. trousers i you serit,out? Well, they fitted one pair J ou an -idol, and then they stuffed most of the rest with leaves, and set them up as new-fangled idols, and began to worship them. "They say that the services were very impressive. Some of tho women split a few pair in half, and after sewing up the legs used them to carry yarns in ; and I saw one ciiief with a corduroy leg. on his head as a kind of helmet. " I think, though, the 'socks wero'most popular. All the lighting men. went for them the first thing. They filled thorn with sand and used them as boomerangs and war -clubs.- I learned that they were so much pleased with the efficiency of these socks that they ' made a raid on a neighbouring tribe on purpose to try them ; and they say thoy knocked eighty women and children on the head before they came home. They asked me if I wouldn't speak to you and get you to send out a few barrels more, and to make them a little stronger, so's they'd -last longer. and I said I would. "This Society's doing a powor of good to those heathen, and I have, no doubt if you keep right along with the work you will inaugurate a general war all over the continent of Africa and give everybody an idol of his own. All 'they want is enough socks and trousers. I'll '.take them when -I go out again. Then tho Dorcas passed a' resolution that it would, perhaps, bo better to let tho heathen go naked and give the clothes to the poor at home. Maybe that is the better way. The World of Music.— Haydn's creation. A Metaphysical Paradox. -Killing your self with hard work to get a Jiving. Improving tho Occasion. — Somebody has turned the Jubilee to a very pretty account by inventing a Jubilee "dress improver'" which plays " God Save the Queen." What a horrible idea! It ought emphatically to bo " sat upou!" Artificial eyes have been invented in America, which will ogle, roll, and look the softest of sweet things. They arc worked with a v. ire which passes into the nose One-eyed mashers and masheres3es have to hold a delicate handkerchief to their nasal appendages— aud there they are, don't ycu know. Unanswerable. — Governess : " ' The streets of Carthage ran with blood and the barbarities of the conqncrcrs were appal ling.' How would you like to have lived in such awful limes?" — Master Charlie: "Oil, ever so much!" — Governess (aston ished : "Why?" — Master Ohariie: (who hates certain branches of study): " 'Gauso I shouldn't have to learn English history then." 