t'A L MA.' |: Original Australian Stohv, IuBOLD STKPJIBN, Esq., M.l\ 1.-..0F NEW SOOTH' WALES;, :? (At! niflhti ? ihwrved.) OHAPTBBLV. Ult-TIIR OA913 FOB THB MiilNKlW. tomis » (?oa'i gathering in the oonrt knon Plena when tho o iao, Doo on tho bol James Tredeijar wivus Sir Oharlea Jrasoillod on for trial, Tho defend iixroil-known both in f&ahionable; and sreial oiroloj, and not a few members (?Upper Ten Thousand had oome to ifccslebriwd ciso, which iuvolvad the ttnol i':io riv*l claimants, as woll as Hl'iu tlnrc, in great forao, ibnking Btitbcv^nlio.ly worth shaking hands Bud wlippirhjij it) tho cars of great Kind mi n of position, tho latest on-diti mscus, th.; u v°o. fjtatoo, tHoro was a great mustering ol jft&profos;'ion, it being understood that Saoljii-Lrn; of forgery, and oonspiraoy to Eel would bo brought against tho solioi Eiitaptttiaa t) tho suit. jjiiK p-uticilar f liemla, there woro pro BiSrChui'M North, Mr. and Mm. Dirt Blip, Monsieur Brantoma (who had oome jfchn Parij for tho express purpose) and Rjliikin'. HinLisertllos and his brida wera abaent, Hianni; yor, roturnoa [com ineir wenaing Br.tbilst B.'rtio Laraoorto had, for some frolinnble reason, refused to attend the mud had go:ia Ino/t .to Paris a few days Haily/after a (lying visit to London. Sf&siiU; oi Mr. Taistlothwaite, sat the jfcnr, looking oareworn and anxious ; Shiner \wn not in oourt, it having boen HiJ that ho should not put in an appear Mimtil tha 1 wi moment. fiilio bunch, nit tho Lord Ohio! Juatioo, ut033 sid] scuts had boen plaacd for some wof rrmi, who had oorao there in search Bitnatbn, nuuh in the uaine spirit aa frouM hive gone to a theatre or a oon I 'h necessary preliminaries having been Itbrough, Mr. Bumptious Q. 0. rose, and,, ting up his sovri, proceeded to stato tbQ l!or tho plaintiff. Ho was a huge, un ?uy gentleman, wku aeop-sec eyea over. H by enormous gray eyebrows, a long, Hqloiia nose, daintily flc.oked with ? epota towards ths tip, and a largo, B-lippeil mouth, which' ho oooasionally Bud, and then shut with a loud onap.whioh mi very oftaotivo % terrifying a timid Bssa. HUay it please your lordship, gentlemen Bit! jury,' ho began, ' never in the oourao m long oarcer, lina it boen my fate to fcpion a oauae whioh is bo palpably that vcuti r.nd justice n'9 that uf my client in winoiunuc. ] c la our uuiwppy i»nu uibL-D »2 brought fauo to face with orime, and our |r la nro tmppoeed to bo dead to all tho Sro tender cmotiono of tho human nature !n cartain estont, thia is trub. We, who le daily to plead tho cause of the oppressed I nntorcunate, oannot afford to give way pur feelings on every occasion. Wo aio hpelled, bo to eay, to bottle up our sym. hies, in order to avoid the Yfear and teat ioh would roBult it we gavo them freo vonl, !e in a whilo, however, it happens that advocate cannot Bteel hia heart to tho \- of hia client, and suoh is tho case with solf in now addressing you.'— Hero the med gentleman paused, and, extricating a ;o, sunn* atnined bandanna handkerchief a his cnattaila, applied it to his nose with it dramatic effect. His voioo, when ho pni5d, was low and brokon, but bo soon fhered strength, and thundered as loudly ho was wont. Ho continued : ' My oliont comoa beforo ?i this iiay Becking to rosouo the home of alienators from tho ruthless grasp of the pilr. Ha oomes bringing with him_ the fhan ohildren of hia brother, who have |o beon made viotima of this most treaoher fcattempt at fraud. X am here reminded; |t these phjldrpn, \yhfl have bepn to my fcnt as hio pwp, have been estranged from la througU the arts of bifl wily opponentB ; fl their interoBts afe identical with his, and fan vo have torn cbp mask from tho faoa Itheir deceiver, thoy will onoe nioro loava Iteoogniso tho vuluo of tho affeotion they pu of lata been taught to reject and dospiso, hr oaso is briefly this :— somo time last fsr Mr. James Trodegar, a gonlletnan of [will bequeathing tho bulk of his property my oliont, Mr, Stophon Trcdegar, oom only known as Professor 'i'redegar, and Irthor doviaing largo sums ol money to tho rphan children of his deoaaflfld son, James, hd suitable legaoiw to his houauhold sor knts, most of whom had coi'vod him faith illy for years. We shall prove that this ill wan executed on tho very day ol tho tea tor'd doath, but whil.it ho v?a.s \r\ th,e lull pssoBBian. of, liJ9 faculties.' :. -, , i' Wo do not intend to raise- that point, uH fintnnant Jckrll. ' Very woll,' roplied Mr. Bumptious. ' It just as well that you do not, for it would »a been uooloas if you hid.' Mr. Bump ma delivered thid remark in hio jocular innor, and was rewarded by i\ laugh, in itch somo,ot thp.Jiirymen joiaad. 'Now, gentlemen,' ho resumod, ' nolhing ing more certain than that this will was pro-. porly oxeoutoa, you will wnnfl«. T deod of transfer, WirtfaStoha^' ° made years pwv&f;^o' whU °ho jSmrfi11 inndequato oonaideration was an nnn,,-? d^ flvo thousand pounds 1 l ; «! I'W °.1 of ordinary intolliganoo beliow \7ml \ »mcn ho had of my oliont, hia aon, Stephen who he is made to say, is a very Xtw oMn?1 quity and capable of any crime I Thi fth eurdity of such an aoousotion is even mnrn patent, than tho abaurdity of thopreteS transfer. Stephen Trodegar h i,P ma' 3 aoxonoo— a rjentloman who has livoa in, many yoara in a uocludod village Z ^ Ger* many where he pursued hia vocation aa» oberaist of tho highor order. Thern^ brought np the children of his Sasel brother, loading with them a hi, ? blameless life. ?f hTwer'e Ta ih&SS; the dofonee woald make oat, is it likely thS ho would have boen content with aaoh a humble, , retired lifo? Would-ho not rather have uti ized his talents for intrigua, and os* tabl^h^lh.msolfin aomo great oily where his talents would havo n field for disolav ? Tho tatter, I referred to-as I am LstrS Stephen was in loaguo with his father's soli, oitor .and that the two would infallib y OOm ',.' ..?' ''?»'» ?'«««: xreaegar msm as thia solicitor, and employ some othoi in whom he oould confidently rely ? You will seeTha* in order to Hnstain this deed of transfer it was absolutely neooasary to blaokon tho oharaotor of tho solicitor, who, undor ordi. frnTinf ro'?:'at.afno8a' would have boen on. trusted with its preparation. The lottS* oontiins nlao a vaguo threat of some formid ablo disoloauro affeoting tho moral oharaotor of my ohent. I need soaroely My that we have nothing to do with that. If Stephen Tredogar woro tho greatost villain in Eng. land, it could not affeot his «fiht to his £*thM» property; but there is deep malice in this threat. Any aoouaation will alwavs aomevhat taint tho character of «£, purest of moueond moat ospeoially when it is vague and undclined. Some motive was nooessary to amount for the singular animosity whioh the ilciemlnnt Wishes you t0 beliovo that James Tredfigar oherished for his aon and natural hair, and refuge has boon taken in ootvardly insinuation. But tha »»-i ? «— the defence hes in tho unimpeachable evi d?nco afforded by the bank booka of James Trauegar and Sir Oharlea North, whioh olearly ahow that large auma of money were paid by tho former to tho lattor, and that annmil payments of five thousand pounda wore made in return, They oontend that tho sums paid by James Tredegar woro the rents of tho estates, and that the payments of Sit Chnrlos North represented the annuity. But I shall be able to place thoBO transactions bo fore you in a very different light. For many yeara, tho elder Tredegar and the defendant Bpeoulatcd largely together In a apeoiea of informal partnerahip. Tho aamo books will ahow that largo sums of money constantly pasued between them, and I am advised that tha rnivmnnts. unnn tuhinh ffi» _nnn -«. ii.. defenoo rests, were either made in pursuit of auoh Bpeoulation, or, whioh aeema to me moro piobablo, that a oonsiderablo loan haa bean made to Sir Charles by the deceased upon condition of repayment by nnnnal in stalments of five thousand ponnds. I must diroct your attention to the groat probability that tho idea of thia bill of transfer was firat eiiKKestGd by thoBO money transactions, whioh could bo made so servioablo, in sup porting by apparently unimpeachable evi dence the aupponed aale to the defendant. You will also be told by tho defence, that Jatnos Tredegar was in tho habit of making wills, for the purposo of leaving hia solicitor in doubt fti to hia final intontions. Was there ever a more lame attempt at explaining away a ditliaulty ? Like many rich men, the lata Me. Tredogar was muoh ozeroised in mind with referenda to the final disposition of his property, and having no apeoially loved one amongst his relations and friends, he. changed his mind very often, Qut granting, for tho cake of argument, that ho was aer ated by the suggested motivo in making bq many willf, is it not in tho last degree im- probable that he would carry on this decep tion whilst ho lay, in articulo mortis — in the very jawa of death ? At snob an awful time when tho portals of the unseen world wore, gaping to admit him, would he— oould he— ? busy himself about ouoh a trivial matter aa dooeiving his solicitor? Saoh an act would, in Itself, bo ovidonoe of suob a morbid con dition of tho brain aa oould only be regarded as insanity. Dying m.on do not oooupy themsolves in telling lies wfth their last breath — or, it they do, they oannot be sane; and wo shall ahow most aonolusively that tho testator was in full possession of his faculties, although the power of speeoh had almost left him. I will not further occupy tho tima of the oourt, as I am satisfied I havo said onough to show to you the mon strous naturo of tho oonapiraoy to whioh my unfortunate olient has fallen a victim. Call Josiah Thistlethwaito.' Tho solicitor took his stand in the witness box with a jaunty, self-satisfiod air, whioh TOna- in truth, namimeil far thn nnrnnna ni oonoealing the nervousness ho oould not help feeling at the prospeat of the ordeal 'beforo him. In repjy to one of tbo junior oonnsel for the plaintiff, he deposad that he had aoted aa solicitor and confidential agontto tho lato Mr. James Tredegar for many years, that ho had proparod many wills by the direction of the dcottaaod gontloman, and that the last of theao— tba one under' whioh tho plaintiff; olaimod tho property— had beon executed in his presonoe, after having baen re.ad, pvor by! the deoeasod in tha presence of tba attesting witnesses. Mr. James Tredogar, be. oon? tjnued, was able to qonveree with him Spring the oarlier part qf their interview, anc] wqa oortainly in fqll possession of hia faculties, but he gradually beoame ao weak that tha exertion of talking beaamo too great far him, and (if the witness remembered'/aright) he signiQod hia approval of tho will, in tho preaonco of the witneases , by a oimpla monysyllitble and a bend of his head. Wit ness was thoroughly oonveraant with James Tredcgar'8 affairs, and had no reason what ever to suspaot tha existonoo of any deed of transfer nuoh aa that under, which Sir Oharles North had ontorod into poBsosaion of tbo property. Tho oonsideration of an annuity of flvo thousand pounds was utterly, inadequate, as the, rovonuos of the ostato nevor woro loan than ten thousand' poruniii for annum.. F^o know that Mr. James Tro-. abgar and tha defendant, Sir Qharlos North, had apsaulatod togotber, although ho had personally novor been.' brought in oontaot; with Sit- Oharles, the business between thorn' boing, bo suppoaod, transacted by n eharo-i brokor, 'QuoBtionbd aato, tho rolationa sub (ilating being tho deooasod gentleman, and hia son, fitopheu, Mr. ThiBtlothwaito said 4hat thoy ; had boerf osfranged tor 'many yoara, owing to some lovo affair, of whioh tho fathor disapproved. Had known Mr, Stephen Tredegar and done buslneaa tot warn th0MdM^nfOu0'oUuh9 J'01'0* oonnsel for g*5®iBSUB3RES. This question waa objeoted to by Mr Bumpt.oUB, and ruled inadmiasible By the «Zro'~^U' -tha ena waa obtained all the aame-the jury were made to nnderatand that the witneaa hod boon engaged in soma ransaction which had been Sdcred by aome pe Bon or other aa inf amoua. This in fnSrh° m-°!h°au Ol Proo««« in courts of lustioo, barnstors being perfectly Batisfied to £? mWt10? Wuh.iouh tbey kno^ will not bo permitted, but whioh servos thoir purpose in damaging tho character of a witness, often, indeed, more than if the anawew are forthcoming. After aome unimportant questions, Mr. Sot in't^hW™ Mr' Thi'le'iwaito waa' RbenTrSg'ar0.' OOnes^^ «* Mr. '1 wroto to him oooaaionally when tho business winch I was transacting for him re quired it,' wob the anajvor. ';And, of oourae, you did not alwaya atnotly confine yourself to business?'1 '|I do notjaoppoae any man of bnsinefls is in the habit ot mixing up other matters with hiB business,' replied Mr. ThiBtlethwaito. ' I know that I am not.' ' Will you swear that it waa not in oonse quenno of a lotter eent by you that Stephen Tredegar oamo over to England a day or two previous to his father's death ?' Tho witness hesitated, reflecting that it might be possible that aome of his letters had fallen into tho hands of tho plaintiff through Alma or Dart Trodegar, but he was saved by Mr. Bumptioua, who objected to the ques ' I am anxioua to eatabliab tho faot that a oonapiraoy existed between tho witnoaa and the plaintiff,' said Mr. Curtis. '? Tho dues lion is, I submit, admissible.' 'Not oertoinly in that form, Mr. Curtis.' Boid the Chief Juatioe. « Tho witness oould not possibly give evldenoo aa to the motivo of the plaintiff.' ' Then, my lord, I will put ii this way : Pid you write to the plaintiff informing him »uui ma iatnor waa aying ?' After further argument.Mr. Thiatlethwaito waa obliged to reply that it wob possible ho might havo mentioned the faot as ho was then in oorrespondenoo with the plaintiff npon another mattor. Mr. Bumptious objeotod here to the lino of orosa-examination adopted by his learned ln,fl'd; They were not thoir to try tho validity of the will under whioh the plaintiff olaimed, but to dooido npon the value of tho deed of transfer. Probate had been taken out in due course, and a verdiot in favor of the plaintiff would not establish his right to. the property as against olaimants under any previous will, but would merely nulify the title ot Sir Oharlea North. To insinuate therefore, that there was anything wrono about the will, waa merely to waste the time pt the oourt. Mr. Serjeant Jckyll differed from hto learnsd friend. TUa 1**%,* m+nv,js _? n.. plaintiff must first bo definitely settled. It must be dearly ehown that he had a right to appear in that court as a claimant. His plaim must oomo under consideration beforo that of tho defendant was deult with at all. Moreover, what waa the object of putting in ovidenoe with reference to the will if tho question of its validity had no bearing on the qass? The defendant waa entitled to ques tion thoir right as muoh aa thoy were entitled to question hi?. After a long argument, in whioh all tho counsel engaged in tho oaso took p^rt, tha oourt dooided with Serjeant Joykll, and tho oross- ? examination wob resumod. But nothing of any importance transpired ; Mr. Joaiah Thistlethwaito had told his talo, and adhered to it, submitting to a badgering whioh lasted for over two boura without letting his opponentB sooro another point against him. 'Did you see him after the will was made ?' asked Mr. Curtis in orosaexatnina tion. 'I saw him twioa on that day, I find on f diereuCGgio my uuim, uuuiuuum uuv ijuddiuij tell whether he bad then mado his will or pot,' was tho reply. ' Waa ho in tbo habit ot talking to you about hia afi'aira ? Did he tell you he had mado a will that day 1' ?- I had known Mr. Jamos Tredegar for many years, and always found him, like moat successful men of businesa, very reticent. We never oonveraed about *bia private af fairs.' ?? Then ho might have made a will that day?' aaked Mr. Walton, counsel tot the plaintiff, when Mr. Cnrtia had resumed hia seat. 11 Ha might — I see no reaon why he Bhonld not havo done bo,' tho dootor replied, end tho examination ended. Jabez Hooker then deposed that he had witnessed the will in queation.wbioh waa read over in his presence to the deceased gentlo man, ar\d approved by him before he signed it. ' ': 'Is it not ununnal for witnesses fo bo mado acquainted with tba nature of a wilj they are witnessing ?' asked Mr. Curtis.. Witness knew nothing about it. Had never witnessed a will before, and never wished to witness ope again. Was a strug gling tradesman with a largo family, and thought it bard Imon that, just because no had obliged a customer by witnessing hia will, bo should bo dragged away from hia shop, and kept dangling about tho court day after day for almost nothing. Mr. Bumptious interjected that the will bad been read over in tho preaenoa ot tbo witnesaea beoauBe of the oondition of tho deoeasod gentleman, and by hia express doBiro. There oould bo no objcot in keeping its provipiona sooret, as he was at tho point of death, and all would bo known in a fow 'You saw Mr. Tredegar oign tho will?', continued Mr. Curtis, ? ? ? ? -????'?' '( Y.ou ow bum it wan Mr.'Tredegar ? You knew him woll?' ' ? 'I knowed him well enough. Anyhow, are it likely aa anyone olaoop^ld bo tt^ettin': in Mr. Tredegar'B bod in hia own room ? _ John Stiles testified tothoaameeffaot'ostho last witness, but added that theroom was bo' dark ho could not' very well1 distinguish tun; features of the jtestntor. ???-???? 'Do yrfu dpfibVtbat: it wna, bo, then?.'. (iBkedMr.Our^Bioag'erly,'- _ 'No, ah-— it waa biro suro onough, but thfl room waa darkiah, and .there waa heavy our taing on tho bed, so that I remomber wonder ing how ho oould see to write hia namo.' ? The lata Mr. TroSeRar'a butlor and house keeper were then oalled andgavo ovidonce aa to their master's sanity, but, aa it was shown that thoy wcro direnily interested in the BUocesB of tho plaimiff, boing oxpeotant legatees under the will in quoation, thoir evidence could not bo regarded aa of much value. Mr. Sterling, a share-broker, deposed that ho had transaoted muoh business in shares tnt Sir Oharlea North and the late Mr. Tre degur ; that he had been in the habit of paying to, and receiving money from, cither of tbo two gentleman, on tbeir j jint acoount, Mid that his connection with them had sub sisted for oomo years, during \vhich he had always regarded them rb partners, at least ea far as Bpeoulation in stock and . shares wore concerned. Being asked in cross-examination whether he had not kept aooount of such sums paid and received, he said that he, had, but that, unfortunately, bia books had perished in a firo some months previously, and it would be utterly impossible for him to remember what monies he had paid or rooeivod on aooount of tho two gentlemen. He further added that, even if the books wero producnblo, thoy would only have Bhown tho transactions err. tared under the names of North sndTredegt t aa partners, no memorandum having been kept aa to whioh of the two gontlemen mado or received tho payments. The oaee for tho plaintiff olonod hero, and, bb it was then late in the afternoon the oourt adjonrned until the following day. CHAPTER LVI. CUB OABB FOR IBB DEFENDANT. On the resumption of tho oase,'ontho fol lowing morning, there was even a larger at tendance ot the publio than there had bean on the flrat day. Mr. Serjeant Jekyll stated tho oaae lor the defence aa follows : 'My lord, gentlemen of tho jury— my learned friend began yesterday by telling you how deeply hia heart was touched by the pathetic condition in which hia olient baa been placed by tho defendant. I shall begin by telling you that my feelinga also are in terested in this case, in as muoh as I oannot help^ feeling indignation at tho impudent pro tenBiono of tho plaintiff, baeed aa they are upon tho unwarrantable aaBumption that my olient, Sir Charles North, a gentleman widely known and esteemed, has leagued himaolf with ono of tho moat respeoted aolioitora ot thiB city to defraud by meana of forgery and perjury. For, if the ease for the plaintiff be truo, these gentlemen must have entered into auoh a conspiracy, and been guilty of auoh Crimea. ? I shall soon dhow you, however, upon how rotten a foundation this oharge is based, and how, in reality, the guilt is with those who make the oharge. .In the first plaoo it is neoeaeary to consider the claim made by tho plaintiff under the supposed will of which bo much has been said. His lord ship will not fail to tell you, gentlemen of the jury, that, unless you are thoroughly satisfied that this will iB genuine, it will be your duty to return a verdiot for tho defendant, without taking into your consideration the deed o! transfer under whioh he now holds the pro. party at iaaue. I must ask you distinatly to understand that a verdiot for the defendnntwill in nowiBebarany future claim whioh may be made by pfrsons fanoying themselves entitled under any other will, but will be merely an Gxpreeaion of opinion on your part that the will we are now dealing with was not made by James Trodegar, or waa not a genuine ex pression of his last wishes. For, I beg yon to remark that it by no moana follows, even if you are eatiafied that ho exeouted that will, that it was a bona-fide expression of bia in tentions with reference to the disposal of hia property. Our case ia that he made many wills, with a view to deoeive hia solicitor, who now acts for the claimant, and we oon tend that, even if tbo will in (question were genuine, it waa merely intended as a blind. But I am in hopes that I shall be ablo to show olearly that the will ia merely an impa dent forgery. Let us now consider what the plaintiff's witnesses havo to nay with referehoe to this matter. Mr. Thistletbwaito soya he prepared many wills for the deceased gentlo. man, thus admitting a most important faot. Ho also admitted that hi had beon in oorres. pondenoe with tho plaintiff, and might have informed him of hia father's illness, and urged him to oomo over to England at' once.' ' Mr. Thiatlotbwaito did not Bay that ho might havo urged the plaintiff to oome .to England, ho moroly admitted that, as ho was in oorrespondonoo with Stephen Tredogar, on other matters, at the time, he might havo informed that gentleman of hia father's illness,' intorjeated Mr. Bump tious. ' My learned friend may be right,' said Serjeant Jekyll, ' but it ib of no real oonse quenoe, for the -witnoaa admitted that a letter whioh waB shown to him wob apparently in nia own handwriting, and that letter will show aonolusively that, not only did he urge Stephen Tredegar to oomo over at onae, but that he wroto to him for no other purpose. Let me now direct your attention to tho peau liar ciroumBtanoes attendant upon the exe cution of this extraordinary will. Tho soli citor swears that tho testator waa too ill to apeak in the presence of tbewitneBBes; Jabess Hooker and John Stilea swear that it waa road over to them before it waa exeouted— a moat unusual course of procedure, aa Hia Lordship will tell you— and John Stiles swore that the room was so dark that ho could not well distinguish the features of the deoeased geniioman. xnese witnesses were compara tive Btrangera to the testator, being merely neighboring tradeamen with whom ho had been the habit of dealing, who had beon oalled in to witness the will beoauBO legaoiea were left to all the servants of the household,. Thia ia a v'ory oonveniont way 'of securing t\ body of useful allies, and, at tho en.rn,o tim.e, deouring the absence from the rQ.orq of per?' bods intimatoly acquainted with the deceased, What will you think, gentlemen, when I tell you that Jamos Tredegar was not in that VQom at all ?' Serjeant Jekyll paused, and a thrill ot ex pectation waa notiooable throughout the oourt, the oaso was beooming exciting. Many eyes woro turned on the Professor and Thistlothwaito, who exohanged a hurried whispered conversation with Mr. Bumptioua. Thoy both looked pale and anxious, but Ser jeant Jekyll alone bad notiaed the Blight Btart, and rapid interchange of glances, with whioh his announcement had been reocived by them. He reaumed : ' Yea, gentleman, inoredible aa it may at first appear to yott, I aeSort that James Tredegar bad no more to do with that will than you or I. I do, n,ot impugn the testimony of tha. witnesses, Hooker and Stiles, 3 ^elieve cveiry word they said, but (hoy were deeeived in ' siippoaing that James '.fradognr signed that will, for tho person who' did it waa hia son, tho plaintiff, Stephen' Tredegar I' '' ! : ' ' . ?'' \- This. denunciation, the !oar,neill gentleman dolivorod with tromondoUBr'fproo,' and, tSi a' nioment, the Profeasor, upW whom all eyes' were, turned, winced, as if under tho IbbIi of. a whrp. Vyhonoe had they Seriyoil the infojrmo,:' tion upon which tljiu aboqjiia.Uo'n waafoundod? ?He know n.ot—hjO 9pu,ld riot imagine how a eccrefc only known to, himself and Thistle tliwaito had been betrayed. Turning to bia In.nnnii ml* n ant: !in Ilia ' OiiIa 1»o nrtlrnri Kt* a gkinco, tho question ho davod not give uttor nnoo to.' Thiatlothwaito, palo aa a ghost, had yet presence of mind enough to shrug hia ahouMuro, u« if inflinualiuij tUati the a(0 iuii: tion wap merely a trumped-up ohargo, of a pieoo with the rest of the oaso for the defence. This pantoraino did -not oooupy a minnte, whilot the aerjeant was wiping hia brow, and drinking some water. 'Gontlomon of tho jury,' ho oontinued, ' by a npeoinl act of Provldenoa, wo' havo been placed in possession of the faota ot thia de testable oonspiraoy ; for the real truth ot the impersonation was known only to the gnilty parties themsoIveB; but, out of their own mouths, we shall oonviot them. We might oloae our oaso hero, but I shall not feat until I havo thoroughly convinced yon of the truth and honor of my esteemed client, Sir Charles North, and hii aolioitor, Mr. Freeman. I Bhall produce witnesses who will swear to the signatures on the dood of transfer— experts, men ot business and personal friends ot the deceased, and I bolieve that in taoo of their testimony, you will entertain no shadow of doubt that it ia a. genuine dooument. You have been told that my olient and the late Mr. Trades at Bjeoulated largely together, and that the various paymenta between tho two gentlemen, which, wo oontend, woro in pur suit ot tho contraot made by the deed ot transfer, were, in reality, but incidental to auoh Bpeoulation. It happens, most unfor tunatoly, that the bookB ot the broker who wbb employed by them, wero des troyed, but we Bhall produce reooipta and entrieo in ledgers whioh I think yon willbavono difficulty in acknowledging aa genuine, and the important faot muot not be overlooked by yon that tha payment of five thousand ponnds was made at regular intervals by Sir Charles North, whioh oould scarcely be the case if it' were1 in purauanoo of haphazard Bpeoulation in stock and shares. With roferenoo to tbo theory that a large loan had been made by Trodegar to North, I Bhall only point out ita extreme improba bility, aa Sir Charles North's banker will prove conclusively that he was never in want of monoy within hia (the banker'o) knowledge, and that hia drafts would always have beon honored to a very large amount in excess ot hia balance. Tho faoj ia that the oa8a of the plaintiff is entirely based upon theory, aa far as the deed of transfer ia conoorned, The theory of my learned friend involves tho supposition, not only that more than one forgery haa been com mitted by Sir Charles North, or at hia in atanoe, and that various reopeotablo persona are willing to perjure themselves, but it also involves the supposition that a series ot coincidences have ooourrod whioh have been ingeniously twisted to meet our view of the transaction. Thia ia a violent assumption whioh would only bo warrantable if faota aupnortod it ; aa it is, it iB tho ' baseless fabric ot a vision' — aa airy and unsubstantial aa a Will o'-tha-wiap. 1 will now— before dealing with the plaintiff's olaim under the BUppoaed will— prooeed to establish our posi tion with reference to the deod of trans fer. Sir Charles North then entered the witness box, and deposed that he waa tho defendant. Had known the late James Trodegar for many years, and been associated with him in many speculations. Received one dav a letter from him (produced) in aooordanoo with whioh tho deed ot transfer was prepared and exoouted. Sir OharioB then gave a long explanation of all the oiroumatancea of the case known to the reader, and produced a number ot receipts, letters, bank-books &c.; He was snbjeoted to a prolonged' cross examination by Mr. Bumptious, who strove in vain to make him loose hia temper or aontradiot himself, and, on taking his neat, waa congratulated by Serjeant Jeliyll upon his behaviour in tho witnoaa- box. Amongst other questions, he had been aaked whether ho had not Bought to detaob Dart and Alma Tredegar from their unole. Sir Oharlea admitted that he had offered them a house, being satisfied that tho Pro tensor bad only borne the coat and trouble of their eduoatioa for the purpose ot ingratiat ing himself w^th hia father ; ho added that in so doing ho waa merely carrying out the wishes of tho elder Tredegar, who had nrgod him to adopt the ohildren it he found them worthy. Suv Charles also said that, if he were successful in the suit, it was his inten tion to divido tho property equally be tween Dart and Alma, and to make it ovor to thorn at onoe. Thia announcement caused somo sensation in oourt, and Mr. Bumptious audibly re marked that it was merely an 'attempt to oatoh tho Bympathiea of the jury. The next witneBB waa Mr. Freeman, who also had nothing to tell that ia not known to the reader, and was likewise subjeoted to muoh badgering by tho counsel for the plaintiff. Two clerks in tho employ of BIoBsrs Free man and Truclove then deposed that the signature ot Thomas Sumner to tho deed of trAnftfar wan. in thnir nm'ninn. crnnninA. find that the body of tho instrument appeared also to be written by him. Sumner had been ? often, within their knowledge, employed upon confidential businesa by Mr. Freeman, as ho occupied the position ot confidential olerh to that gentleman. They understood that he had been dismissed on aoaount ot his dissipated habits, whioh had led to fre quent absences from the office, and late atten dance in the morning. Enow nothing elso against him. The manager and the aooonntant ot the bank with whioh tho late Jamea Tredegar did business, swore that the Bignaturo to the deed ot transfer waa, to the beet of their belief, hia ; and produood booka showing entries of auma received and paid in oonneo tion with the dealinga between the, deoeasoij and Sir Oharlea North. An official from Dootor'a Commons now produoed the will un,der w,hich~1ibe plaintiff olaimod. Samuel Smithaon,, an oxpert of standing! waa then examined, With reference to the deod of transfer, he w.aB of opinion on com paring it with othor doaumcntB in the hand writing o| Thomaa Sumner that it was genuine, Being asked to look at the will ho said that the signature of Jamos Tredegar (attaohed to it) appeared also to bo real, but, having learned that it waa supposed to have been written whilst tbo decoaeed gentleman was BpeeohleaB, and in extremis, ho had no hesitation whatever in pronouncing it as a forgery. No man could, under auoh oiroum stanoea, write hia name in his ordinary faehion. Had oxamined hundreds of signa tures obtained under almost similiar circum stances, and in no einglo instance waa thero one whioh bora more than a general Bhaky roBomblanoe to the Bignaturea of the peraoma whtlBt in health. Mr. Curtis then handed the witness aomo letters, and askej) him. to compare the. writing and, Bignaturea, and cay whether, in ^iB opinion, they were all written by tho Bamo hand. Mr. Smithaon examined them long and aarefully, and Bald that they were most un doubtedly bo written, addiug that cc^^o,bora- . tive ovidenap was afforded its tjhq paper whioh bore' th^ ijaijje w.at.or..rnaiB; a.ni), the printed, address At, tna'oprnmonijpmorjt of, tha jotters, ' ifa whiob? the pooulianty njigb.i bo n'qtioed that the taif, ql tho numc«a- ''&''' was missing in' all, thus showing that tbo typo deed had been'br.o^on^ aqd tbAt all had beon $$jted' afj tho! sacro Um.c. j$r. BaraptJoua asked to boo the letters jn question, ???'* ' AH in good time, my friend,' said Mr. OurtiB, ' Ono of them ia tho letter from Thistlothwaito to tho plaintiff, -whioh has beon already boforo tbo court. You will havo an opportunity for inspecting them ull presently.' In orosu-oxamining this witness, Mr. . ? ^; Bumptious otrove hard to lesson tho fact of hia testimony by ailiing him whether, after all, questions as to the gennJneneua of signa tures were not merely matters of opinion, and whether it wns not povsiblo that othor experts, equally aUilled with himself, mi/tht. not hold a contrary opinion, to hiti &?., Ao. But Mr- SmitbBau wan well unod Ui the' witnesH-box, and had.bcen ashed quustionu too often to feel cmbarraascd, herrplUd after such fashion that Mr. Bump tious might as woll have left the questions unasked. ... Anothor expert then gave similiar evidenoe, and was suffered to lcavo the box without cross-examination. To him aucaaadod a well-known physioinn ot high utanding, who sworo that, in the oondition that Jamos Trodegar was said to be, it would bo almost itnpoHBiblo for him to use such muscular exertion as would be re quirod to write his signature in his ordinary manner. ' Might not,' asked Mr. Walton in oroBB examination for tho plaintiff. ' Might not a dying man brace himself to an effort under Buch oiroumatancea, and write, for a minute, aa naual ?' 'Well, it ia juat posoiblo, and that is all,' replied the witness. . Another dootor gave similiar evidenoe, and then there waa aome stir in the oourt, as Mr. Curtis called ' Henry Lasoelloa.' CHAPTER LVIL - ' :V TUB SEOBET imOBBB. '' I think that tho reader, who haa followed the fortunea of my heroine and her lover thna far, would not believe mo it I attempted to locate their honeymoon anywhere else than in Graltenthal. That sequestered village Wob endeared to them by bo many pleasant recollections that it seemed the moat natural thing in tbe world for thorn to return to it to enjoy the fruition of their loves. There waa no argument on tho point, neither knew whiah mado the suggestion, nor even when it was made ; and the expreseioh of their in. tention - oaused no surprise in their little oirole ot frienda. There, where Alma had wandered 'in maiden meditation, fanoy tree'— there, where Dornrosohea had dreamed her dream of love, and tasted tbe awakening kiss of her prince— there, whero they had eooed their firat notea ot mutual admiration — there only, of all places in tho wido wide world, oould 'they thoroughly realise the blissful presont,' and speculate over the roseate future. Thoy made their entry into tho villiftgo, after unpretentious fashion, by the Eil wagon; but. Frau Werther had been advised of their oomiug, and as. joyful a prooesijion of merry-makers bad assembled to greet them, as if they had beon the noble Graf and Orafinn, whose ancestral jruina frowned down upon the valley in rebuke of Buoh frivolities. « There were maidona, looking like so many GretchenB ready to go on in the opera of Faust, yellow-haired, short-kilted, wreath bearing; burtchen blushing and bowing ; old men and old woman la attire magnificent with brazen ornamenta— in tact, it waa high holiday in the village, and everybody was there to do the young people honor. Foremost to greet them — tbe placo waa hia by right— .waa the Herr Pastor, ajlver-haired, and rusty of clothing ; but bia old eyea beamed with delight, and wodding-ribbona decked bia hat ; whilst in hiB hand ho bore a floral offering in the shape of a huge nosegay, which ho'fastenad in Alma'a waist-band, after he bad given her a loving kias ot wel come. By rights, othor village potentates should havo followed the Pastor, but Guatlwaa not to bo denied, and grossly infringed tbe law ol precedence, bursting through the throng.and oasting her brawny arms around her former mistress' neck. Frau Werther, bustling up to interpose, lost her head also, and soon all lawa were for gotten — to tho terrible disoamfiture of tho village marshal of tho ceremonies, who waa not pacified until he had inbibed so many sahoppen of.beor as to be indifferent to any thing. The first transport!) of the meeting over, a prooesaion was formed, and the young couple were oondaoted to tho mill, whilst tho local band played divora national airs suitable to the occasion. Hero a new trial awaited them, for they wero compelled to hold a formal reosption, whioh involved endlces hand-shakings and pretty speeches, for every body, with the smallest prctonsioh to bo con sidered anybody, insisted upon paying his or her respeots to the bride and tbo bride groom. ' Thank Heaven, it is all over !' exclaimed Harry, when tho last of tbe visitors had de parted, 'It has beon the most perfeotly awful trial I have ever undorgone in my life.' ' But yonr trials are, not yet over, dear,' said Alma, with a smile. ' There is to be a grand ball thia evening, and you will have to open the proaeedinga with tb^e Frau Burg meisterinn.' Harry groaned. / ' It'a juat my luok I' he said. ' We come here — to tba moat outof the-way Booluded spot in all Germany hoping to be left alone, and, by George, if wo had been the Crown Prince and Prinoeas of Prussia they oouldn't have made moro pow wo.woverusl' / ' And you are not pleased to find that your little wife is not forgotten ?' 'Oh, bang it, yea) I appreciate the oom plimont, child ; still, that does not make it the less a bore. But I am not going to mako you unhappy, little ono, and I promise I'll danco with the Burgomaster's wife, or any other frau you like, bo long as my feet last.' Harry Lasaelles had not forgotten hia. ex perienoea on the oooasion of Guatl'a be trothal, and, very naturally, he dreaded the ordeal, whioh, however, he knew could not bo evaded without giving dire offonoe to the Bimple obuntry folk, amongst whom his wife had passed so many happy years. Tho ball began at half past sovoa, and lasted until one o'clook, whioh wero the or thodox hours in Grabenthol fov beginning and concluding auab, a ' function.' Harry, albeit somewhat awkward at flrot, comported himself maniully, and to the on tiro satisfac tion the o{ vi!lageio,\vho,one and all, deolared that the young Fr&ulein; bad . certainly found a husband worthy of herself . Notwithstanding tho previous evening's dissipation, everybody waa up and doing shortly after eunriso, and, after they had made a hearty breakfast, our yormg frionda started out for a ramble: vjbjpb ended, aa might be expooted, on thebcighta of Ruben stein, whiob lowiU'y, was aaorod to them as the pjepo. of; their Arat meeting.. ' wo Bomo old rook who aad witnessed (jbetr betrothal, sat upon tbo same withered bpugh,jvnd c^wed. Uw weloorrtQ »3 thoy np pfOAohoA- %9 aure ho rooognisod the youth {^ pAiv, whoso lovo-nmking bad oalled up ouch fond! memories in his aged breast ; but, it ho onvlod their happinoss, ho oould at \wm\ eonsolo himself by the rofiootinn tha.t^h^toOt had tasted earthly happiness— hsk too, had loved. Then thoy reolinodonjtho well- romombored knoll, and ohattorod protty, silly lovo-talk, until Alma deolared that it waa time to go home, it they did not wish tfj break Frau Worther'a heart by spoiling tho dinner. 'As if wo oould oat 1' exolaimcd Harry, reproaohfully. 'Juat when I begin to feol tbe divino aMataa stirring within my breast — just whou I am thinking what a poem I could writo, if I gave my iiin.d to it~jou broak in with your proaaio rufoionce to food. Alms', I am '-nnhnmpd of yon 1' ' Maybe, what you mistake for divino af flatus is only tho inoipionc stage of 1 utg'pr, dear,' ^replied Alma, with a morry liu^li. ' Oomu along,' at leatit, if we nro not Mi j; y, wo ought not to l-; so pootio.illy ri liidli u« to fortjat that our bosiu may bo more mUi-mil y inol n-!il.' That thia viow of tho oaan w.n KharpJ by the old rooli, there can bo no dount, for, ne Alma finished npeaking, ho Hprcaii Iuh wingt, cawed hia farewoll, and Bwc^pt i;r»ctfully downward to the pine forest, to hia aaaua toroed pasturi ga. After dinoer, ilraa was carried rrt willv nilly, by Frau W.rther, in order ihat ehe might delivtr a full, truo and pwii- uUr ac count of all that had happontd to her uinoo her departure from Urabeuiiml. Then Harry lit a pipe, an* otrolled httlcffily about the place, feulion very muoh a^^tii'vid at being thmdepiivtd of hin brirlo ot the very commonooment of his honeymoon, and when no other oompauionship was avaifablo, and even reading was impossible, owing to the entire abaunco of books and newnpnpera in the only language he knew auflloicntly well to bo ablo to read witbont a diotion ary. After an hour of unspeakable boredom, the young man wanderod back to tho mill, and began exploring. ^ \- He soon exbauated the sitting-room, which had been (stripped of all tha various little knick-knaoke that gave it a home-like appear ance in former days, and had been roduoed to that orthodox stiff formality wbioh is the height of style in the eyea of the leas culti vated olaaaaa. In the oorner of tho room there wbb a small door, whioh Harry opened, and per oeived that it led into one of those stair-bases in the wall, which were flo dear to the archi* toota of our forefathers. Ascending theso stairs, he found himeelf in a small tnrret chamber, whiah had evidently retrained un used sinoe tho Professor left Qrabenthal, for, on tbe floor, were many eorapa and shreds, the Bigns of ' paoking up.' Near tbo window stood an anoient eecritoro whioh Harry lost no time in opening. It contained pigeon holes and drawers innumerable, but all were empty, and he was about to tum away ,when he perceived, amidst 'the brass moulding, a tiny knob, which shone aa if it had been aub jeoted to more conatant Motion than ita sur- ' tonndinga. . ' A aeoret drawer, I'll lay my life 1' Harry muttered. ' Now for a glorious find— open Sesame 1' ??» (To be continued.') 