THE AMY SHERWIN CONCERTS! The Amy Sherwin concert at the Opera House on Saturday evening was not so well attended as hitherto, though the audience was appreciative. The concert opened with the duo from Verdi's " Belisurio," known in English as " On a Field of Battle," sung by Messrs. Walshe and Ridsdale. It would have been botter had there been sufficient rehearsal to ensure uniform ideas as to tempo. Mr. Walshe sang " La Donna e Mobile " (" Rigoletto "), the popularity of which secured an encore, when " The Muleteer's Song," from " The Rose of Castile," was given-this being one of Mr. Walshe's best numbers, notwithstanding it makes too great demand on his breath. A vigorous rendering of " The White Squall" was subsequently given, with Ganz's " I seek for Thee in, every Flower" as an encore. Mr. Frank Ridsdale con- tributed Wallace's "Bolh'ingcr" and "Our last Valse," by Molloy. Neither song received muoh applause, probably because of the affected style of articulation indulged in. Miss Amy Sherwin'a fresh contributions were only '' Scenes that ore Brightest" and "Hunting Tower," the lattor being as an encore. , The recitative and aria, from "Maritana," vveioso admirably interpreted that the ren- dering can fairly bo summed up in tho one word-perfec- tion. If other portions ? of the rûlo be but equal, Miss Sherwin's "Maritana" should bo a great treat. Herr Rhodes did not play with quito his accustomed certainty of intonation in the higher positions and in octaves, in the Sarnsato fan- tasia on "Faust," elthough the second themes were finely treated. The D fiat Nocturno of Chopin was charmingly played, the full poetry of thought in the exquisite concep- tion boing admirably brought out. Lamb's " Polonaiso" was also splendidly executed, the .rhythmic, idea being well sustained, evcu through the rubato successJully uiado. livery piece was warmly applauded, but only twice was the encore accepted. XVieniavski's beautiful " Logende" boing given, as well as Viouxtemp's " St. Patrick's Day." Signor Loncioni contributed "Lurgo al factotum" ("II Barbiere"), and Bnltc's "Trust her not." By way of finale the duo scone from " Don Pasquulo" was given by Miss Amy Sherwin and Signor Loncioni-the same that was noticed lust Monday. The next concert is announced for to-morrow evening._ ' The tragedy of "Romeo and Juliet" is still being played by the Holloway Company, to crowded housos, at the Oritorion Theatre. Tho play is to be repeated until further notice. Tho four-act drama entitled "The Pirates of the Savannah " was produced at the Royal Standard Theatre on Saturday evening with great success in the presence of $1 very good house. Mr. Dampier appeared as Fabrieio, the tiger-slaver, and Miss Dampier as Leonora Petralba. Tim other chaiactois were filled by a strong company, and the play was much enjoyed. This evening and "to-morrow evening the same pieco will be produced, and on Wednesday evening "East Lynne" will ho plnyed. St. Vincent's spectroscope, or Professor J. II. Pepper's "Ghost," was presented for tho first time at tho Academy of Music on Saturday evening, and a varied company of artists comprising vocalists, comodians, &c;, gave a most enjoyable entertainment. Tho samo programme will be presented this ovening. " Thoro is no wane in tho popularity of " Human Nature," Which attracted another largo audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, and was represented with mar vollous effect, as usual. Undor the circumstances, there should be no change of programme havo for some time to come. At the Alhambra Music Hall the ordinary minstrel enter- tainment was given on Saturday evening, to the enjoyment of a large audience, and everything passed off well. < Professor Anderson gave one oí his clever-entertain- ments to a largo and appreciative audience at the Victoria Theatre, Parramatta, on Saturday ovoniug. Ho is to appear there again this evening. ' The .Watson's Buy . Minstrel Troupo gavo an entertain- ment on Friday night before the inmates of the Shaf tesbury Reformatory. Tho programme consisted of part songs and solos aitd ended with a farce, which was greatly enjoyed by t|i8 jdrls and visitors._ 