THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL AND PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. The Payment of Members Bill is having a bad time. The public meetings being held in the country are finding an echo in the petitions which are coming forward to the Legislative Council. When that branch of the Legislature was re formed to bring it more directly under popular influence, it un doubtedly acquired more power as a legislative Chamber than it previously possessed. The very object of the reform was to make the Upper House more amenable to the country. And in the event of a difference arising between the two Chambers the Council will be able to plead thai it is a representative body closely related to the constituencies. This consideration is of great importance at the present juncture. When the Council is called upon by public meetingsaud petitions to amend a Bill received from the Lower House it is plain that the people in general look upon its members equally with the members of the Assembly as sent to Parliament to proteot their interests. It is evidently also the opinion of the electors that there may be times when the Upper HOUBS more truly represents the popular feeling on a publio question than the Assembly does. It is certain that that is the position at the present moment, aad it is this consideration which gives special interest and significance to its action with regard to the Payment of Members Bill. In short, if the Council acts in accordance with the vie wb expressed in public meetings and petitions it will not be a question just now of the Council steadfastly setting itself in opposition to public feeling, but of the Council endeavouring to give effect to the popular view as against the misrepresenta tion of the constituencies by the .Assembly. We have written upon the assumption that the Cuuncil will seek to modify the Bill so as to make the pay ment apply only to future Parliaments. Of course that Chamber may reject the measure altogether, in which case its position will be materially weakened. But if it should pass the Bill with a suggested amendment of the nature we have in dicated it is difficult to see how the ABBembly can hope to be victorious on an issue as to which it is plainly at variance with its constituencies. The proceedings in the Council on Tuesday were looked forward to with considerable interest, and they justi fied expectation. Mr. Baker raised a ghost which will take some laying. The issue he brought before the Council is of great importance, and, we may add, from an historical and constitutional point of view most interesting. The bon. member argues that the Payment of Members Bill cannot be proceeded with in the Council, because it is an amend ment of the Constitution of the nature contemplated by Section 34 of the Con stitution Act, and as such requires a special certificate which it has not, and without which the Council is not com petent to proceed with it. The matter has been referred to the Pre sident for a formal ruling, which is to be given on Tuesday next, till which time further proceedings are stayed. Of course the whole question depends upon this. Is the payment of members an altera tion of the constitution of Parliament, or, as it may be put in another way, is an un paid Legislature a part or condition of the constitution of the two Houses ? On this, which is by no means a question to be decided off - hand, opinions will differ. Naturally the opinion which Sir Henry Ayers will give when the Council next meets will be awaited with some curiosity. We may take it for granted that the Govern ment have not regarded their Bill as amending the Constitution, and if the Council take the stand that it is an amendment in terms of Section 34, we suppose we may say the end is not yet. We believe the point raised by Mr. Baker has never been raised before, and it is no wonder that the Chief Secretary was taken by surprise. It deals, of course, with the general subject of payment of members, and does not depend upon the question whether the BUI is made to apply to the present or to future Parlia ments. It is understood that the general principle of the measure will be discussed on its merits. In the meantime it is only right when an important change like that provided for is in con templation that all the proper con stitutional safeguards should be main tained. It is to be regretted that the discussion of the Bill should be delayed upon a question of order, but the require ments of the Constitution Aot should be observed whatever may be the effect upon the measure. For the present we prefer not to speculate as to the probable decision of the President upon the point raised by Mr. Baker, which involves a great deal more than at first sight appears. If it were simply a question of the Bill coming from the House of Assembly with the certificate of its being passed by an absolute majority, that is a difficulty that could be remedied at once. But this carries with it the assumption tbat the measure is one of those which so Alters the Constitution Act that not only, must the formality as to the certificate be complied with, but the Bill must be re served for Her Majesty's assent. Of course, if the Assembly concedes this it will be tying its hands in any future action with regard to the measure that may be deemed necessary. We may be sore that the.President of the Legislative Council will not come to a decision without having considered the subject in all its bear ings. In any event the indecent haste of the members of the Assembly to vote money into their own pockets has had the effect of arousing greater interest in the'whole question than it would other wise have awakened. 