? OLD AND NEW; or, TASTE v. FASHION. CHAPTER 'Kill.—{Continued.) BX MAS. J. Sam-tee. BKETHA blushed a very little, but she answered quite composedly: • To carry out your allegory, Mr. Murray, T think Robert has soiree commenced his same. I know not that he will ever be a jwientifio player, or a very cautions one, but in the affairs of life, it not at cards, a bold and careless player often commands brilliant suooess. Robert's horoscope is not vet oast,' she added, looking thoughtfully into the fire before her, ' bat the Btars are bright in the house of his nativity.' •And yonr horoscope, my fair astrologer?' asked Mr. Murray rather more earnestly than a jest wonld seem to warrant. •Mine?'said Bertha, in a dreamy voioe, and without looking np, « mine—how should I know? Bat I feel—I feel as though Hie olonds were parting over my head, and the ehftdowy future forming into shape.' Her urge, soft eyes were fixed on vacancy, and she evidently forgot that she was not alone. The colour faded gradually from her cheek in the intensity of her own thoughts, till she looked like a soulptured image of some artist-poet's dream. Mr. Murray and Alioe watohed her with wondering eyes, bnt her mother only amiled sadly and whispered* 'Be not surprised. There is, at times, a tinge of mysticism in her mind, that comes, I suppose from her German lineage.' 1 What did you say, 1 my dear mother ? •aid Bertha, reoalled to consciousness, or rather to recolleotion by the sound of her mother's voice. • I was telling our friends, my dear, that you are somewhat given to fits of abstraction at times.' 'I'm glad to see you safe baok in the world of reality, Miss Bertha,' said Mr. ]farray, in his natural manner. ' Would it be making too free if I asked who waa yonr oompanion in yonr late journey to the •I deoline answering the question,' said Bertha with a smile so sweet that the old gentleman's good humour was more than restored. < Well, well,' said he, stirring the fire with great energy and aotivity, ' I suppose it was " on eagle's wings" you went aloft, like my oountryman,. Daniel G'Boarke of lnnar celebrity. But we ware talking of stars just before you started for Madam Cynthia's domain. What aspeot do the heavenly bodies wear to-night?' • They are misty as the ghosts of Ossian's warriors,' said Bertha, laughing, ' even the "star of the west" has withdrawn her "shadowy splendour," bnt General Mars, I am happy, to say, Smilea fiercely down in all the glory of his zenith. That argues veil for our young soldier, does it not?' •I'll tell you what, now, Bertha,* said Mr. Murray, turning short on her, 'I think Bob's "particular star" belongs to the Urrtstrial globe just now, not the celettial. Not ' all the planets as they roll/ oan decide Ai* fate, poor fellow!' •Mother,' said Bertha, avoiding the earned gaze which Alice fixed on her, 'mother, you have often promised to tell me the Btory of that pale, melancholy girl whose portrait, hanging in a dark corner of the library, has exoited my curiosity ever sinoe I have been here. I am snre Mr. Murray and Alioe will he glad to hear a story from you ; and it is jost the time to tell it, as we four sit like the Monks of Kilorea, if not " by a bogwood fire," at least, by a very cheerful substitute for that patriarchal flame. I will tarn the gas down almost out of sight,' and firing she suited the action to the word, * a itory of the dead told by gas-light reminds me of a venerable ruin daubed with whitewad! or yellow ochre.' Mr. Murray and Alioe expressed themselves most anxious to hear the story, and Ifadam Von Wiegel acceded with a grave mile. •It is a sad story,' said she, 'that my daughter will have me tell. Neither is it a Itory of every-day ooourrenoe. God forbid it were. As it is almost the time for whioh I ordered supper, I will make my narrative iw brief aspossible. That will do, Jan.' The major-domo had been putting fresh coals on the fire, whioh operation was accompanied, as usual, by. a most, tremendous olatter. 'Now, go down and tell Betty to aerye supper in h^lf an hour.' ' Yah, madam 1' and. Jan vanished, very •lowly though, aaBerthaand Alioe remarked One to the' other.' " ' " The-yoring girl, my dear Bertha, whose pictured senlblance has, yon, say,' attracted yonr attention and exoited your 6uriosity, was, at one time, the heiress apparent of this house-with all its appurtenances. She Was thenieoeof Wolf red Von Wiegel, your neat uncle, and her . name was Ulrica De nenzel. She was an orphan of noble descent Ofiths paternal as well as maternal side—her -other was jAdelaide Von Wiegel* the only t Woifred. and, of course, your great Serthiii 'iW. tt so hiipenWmj ig lady ! hkd : A lovrir who foUoww ,, DefattiMUkd; And, though Wwated W: r- h# 4ade or "Mr' *«•» wan « UhMiisB old ooqplki* *» tfaM) contrived;ito , top MmwW 00 »; footieg ;of intimaey to, the iWf. y the unole and aunt, that any posiive insult to him wonld be resented by heir spoiled darling as worse than a personal ffront to herself. Indeed the young man-— his name was Otto Lehman—was so amiable and so accomplished that his evident poverty was the sole pretext the old oonple oould possibly advance for denying him their oountenanoe—or, what they considered of far more importance—Ulrioa's presence, which they saw clearly was to him the sun of life and the blossom of hope. Independent of his poverty, however, there was another objection to Meinheer Otto, whioh rendered him still less aooeptable to the worshipful Wolfred and his stately old wife. He was not a Catholic ; and, worse still, he was nothing as regarded teligion. He toas a fair specimen - of those dreamy German ationalists who resolve all religion into the oddest and most visionary abstract, not even the shadow of a shade. Unluckily, he had snooeeded in teanefnsing some of his own wild theories' into Ulrica's brain, which was, of itself, somewhat tinctured with a morbid fancy for the unreal. The girl was fair, as you may perceive from her portrait, and, being the reputed heiress of the Von Wiegel property, suitors for her hand were not wanting. One of these, a yonng Englishman, a merchant of high standing in New Amsterdam {as : our good city was then oalled), was formally received by the old oouple as the future husband of Ulrica, on whom they laid their oommands to smile graciously on his suit, under pain of forfeiting all right to their inheritance, and being sent baok to he* dismantled oastle by the Rhine, there te dwell with owIb and bats amid tbe dreary shadows of broken walls, and the drearier shadows of departed ages. Awed by this threat, it was supposed, Ulrioa did smile on the fair-haired Briton, gave her unole and aotit to understand that she would soon consent to become a wife, and Otto came no more.' • Dear me, Madam Von Wiegel !' oried Alioe Murray ; ' did she give him up ?' •No, no,' said Bertha, with striking emphasis, ' I know she oould not—date not give him np!' Madam Von Wiegel smiled sadly and went 1; « Easter time oame round, and her aunt would have had Ulrioa go to oonfession and make her pasohal communion—she exoused herself on one pretense or another till the great festival was past—on Easter Tuesday morning she was missing from the breakfasttable. After waiting a while, her alarmed relatives had her room-door foroed—she was not there. The houee was searched with no better sucoese, but itohanoed that the library was overlooked. Towards evening, Wolfred Von Wiegel went thither to pray that some linht might be thrown on the cause of Ulrioa's mysterious disappearance, and lo in a high-baoked arra-ohair near one ef the wfndows sat his orphan niece—dead and cold as a blook of marble. A smile was on her faoe, a oold ghastly smile, and a miniature was clasped in her deaith-clenohed handsit was that of Otto Lehman! On a small table near lay ah unsealed note, containing only a few faintly-traoed lines, which tead as follows' I said I wonld soon consent to beoome a wife—I have kept my word, as J tniant it—Otto and I plighted our faith t* eaoh other this night—herein this very room while night's dark mantle covered the earth; and the light of the tomb was our star of love. Apart we oould not live, together the fates forbade—seek to know no more. This, however, you must know, for if I played the hypoorite during life, death shall expose the truth ! I never 1eat a Oatholio—I never was a Christian, at least in your sense—the great unseen was my deity —the mighty spirit of the Universe, of whioh my own so\il is a part—Otto was the incarnation of that sublime idea—he was the genius of my fate—call it good or evil— as I was of his. No more for time or eternity of her who was • • UuaiOA." ' Merciful Providenoe, what a death!' cried Bertha, pale with horror. «Mother, knowng all this, how can you keep the unhappy girl's picture in our library ?' ' It has hung there so long, my dear, as a family portrait, that I, not being a Von Wiegel myself, would feel a certain relttotanoe in having it removed. For myself I never look at it without a shudder—yet still the Bight of it conveys a solemn lesson on the prioeless value of faith, the happiness of leading a Christian life, and the danger of giving the rein to human reason, without the guidanoe of divine faith.' •But, dear me, Madam Von Wiegel 1' exolaimed Alioe Murray, ' what beeame of the genius ?' was he ever found, dead or alive ?' •Or was he aooountable for the lady s death ?' asked her father. «That I know not, Mr. Murray, but I have heard my dear husband say, that a young man answering the description of Otto Lehman made his appearanoe a year or so after In the old cartle of Ulrica's family amongst the vine-dad hill* by the Bhiue, where he had hem employed years before in teaohmg the young daughter of that impoverished house the polite learning of the age. There he lived a lonely man, shunning and shunned, practising oocult.and forbidden arts, as the Bhenish peasants believed, and there, after » few years, he was found in a dying state, already speeoMess, by some wild fellows who hid made a bet with their companions that 'fke^ would pay the conjurer, as they oalled him, a visit in his den.' •,8tApe* on the table, madam,' said Jan, opetaingfflcidoor. • •Updii my honoia, I'mglad to hear it,' oflering Mr. hi^ Murray,tUing ton »P With l«4y;«tlMrt alacrity, Jtwr and ft ywfa has hut givanisae a It of the ague.' < ...- :•'• CHAPTEE XIV. X AET0BSDIN8 MSC0VKBY—AHB A WSDDWG. About a month or so after the fire at Henry Haokett's, when Michael and his father were busily engaged ' patting things to rights' in their -new store, who should drop in one evening but' John M'Conoghy. ft was not hit first visit sinoe Henry's great misfortune, far he had been an aotive and efficient friend daring the dreary days immediately following the disaster, but on this particular occasion he seemed m inch remarkably good humour—so exuberantly happy, as it were—that Henry Hackett fcotfld not ohoese but notiee it. The first thing John did on entering the shop was to shake hands—and such a shake—with Michael, aoross the oounter, with the bighlyappreoiative remark that he (Mike) waa a regular trump, and no mistake! Miehael amiled knowingly, and nodded sagaoioasly, bat said nothing, as there we>e some persons in the store at the time. When they were served and gone, Btnry said, with his quiet, inward laugh: •Well, Mr. M'Oonoghy, what's 00 feet now ? I see you're as merry as a eriobet.' •And why wouldn't I be merry, Mr. Haokett? And what's moie, yo»'ll be merry, too (for all that's come aosess you), when I tell you. And, indeed, yoa have a right ke be well pleased, for tkat son of youM is oae of tne 'cutest and brightest chaps of his age in New Tork city.' •I'ttt obliged to you, Mr. M'Conoghy, for your good word of Miohael,' said the fond father, With much and very natural complacency ; 'the boy's well enough, thanks be to God, and, to tell the truth of him, he's a good, obedient child as any father need wish to have. But what's your news?' ' Have you been te Taylor's ?' said Michael, with a waggish look from under his brows. •Havel? I guess I have, Mike, though the ladies didn't know I was there till I chose to bring myself under their notice— when it suited myself. Ha! ha ! ha !' • Well, don'.t you want to hear the secret • Seoret! Ah 1 you yeung—I don't know what to oall you, for I wouldn't like to call you anything bad,' and he shook his fist good humouredly at Mike, who was l'eokibg as demure as a> owl. ' The seoret's no secret now, and it's all up with them yeu know. I'll go ball they'll keep clear of S6 far the time to oome.' «Well! but how was it ?—how did yea manage?' inquired Miohael. - ' For goodness sake, what is it ?' exolaimei hisfather; 'whatever it is, you have it all to yourselves.' ' Never mind, Henry, never mind! we 11 aot be long so. Husht! here are peoph coming in.' •Better wait,'said Henry,' till we close the stere. It won't be long now, and then yen oan oome upstairs and smsike a oigar.' •Agreed!' said M'Conoghy, taking his seat on a lasge tea-ohest that Stood asar. The store being cleged, onr trio adjourned, as per resolution, to tbe sitting-room om the floor above where the three sisters were variously engaged, Sarah with her atookingbasket beside her, darning,, woollen socks, Aan reading a suspieieus-looking bosk with a flaunting yellow cover, whilst Mary was playing ever, or trying to play, the last new Polka. , 4 ... The yonng ladies last named were tsrribly pmt oat' by the presence of the stookingbasket aforesaid, and one of thana made a sign to the other to remove it pr*tt», pr*- stissme! Te this Sarah would by ao means consent, quistiy laying her hand on the obnoxious article, and telling Ann in a low voioe that she thought no shame of its bslng where it was. After the necessary enquiries relative to health, and the customary observations on the state of the weather, a momentary Menee ensued. Henry Hackett, supposing that M'Oonoghy might not care te apeak ont before the girls, teld them to leave the room for a little while, fer that he and. Mr. M'Oonoghy had a word te say in private. ' If it's on acoount »f what I am going to tell you,' said the latter gentleman, ' there there's s too ocoasion for them to go—I'd as aeon they'd hear it as not.' . .. This intimation of a seoret being in tM wind placed the young ladies on the alert, and they all fixed their eyes en John s goodlooking faoe with an expression ef eager oariosity. . , ^ .. . •Weill'said M'Conoghy, not at all insensible to tbe importance of |his position as a narrator, and clearing his throat ^igoreusir onoe or twioe, 'well! yon remember, Miekael, you laid it on me as an obligation to take the Miss Gollaghers—or have them taken— to Taylor's Saloon some evening. At the time I'd little hopes that I'd bs all* to •uooesd, for I wouldn't en any aoconnt art them myself; howsomever, I said to ajT« u > faint heart never won fair l»dy, so 111 see What can be done. I turned it ovar and ovte in my nind a good many times,.but I couW see no other way of working the packe* except to tell Tom . right Btraigbfr out how the matter stood. I did so, and I deolare to you he jamped at it like a fi«h »t a bait—ks was so tiokled at the notion of tricking the wife and daughters, m though he knew ne more than I did.myself what dog warto the well. We both agreed that it was bert for me to keep out of sight, but be near at hand till we'd see how the joke went. Well* one e*taing after . l e n ^ f f l ^ iHnoeendy as oo.ia Ellen, H yen •tod the «ris *otfld etoM out ,lo» a wai, a* tHe night's fine ^ * proposal' wa» *otjrer, STaei^'^ •sited; the girl* mur»s«idr«mon| O m(*m and made' wry faeea behind up their minds (or, rather, guest** Wj had) that it wasn't worth the trouble of dressing " just to go out for a Walk with pa aid ma,' bnt tbetr mother, I suppose, thinkbig the walk might lead to some desirable purchases, gave them the wink, and forthwith they were all unanimous in accepting the invitation. Toffl, knowing right well the answer he would get, aeked them at the deor where they'd Qke to go to. " Oh! where but to- Broadway?" says one, and "where but lo Broadway" says another, and, to be sure, the ladies were all for Broadway ; soj over to Broadway we went—the Gallaghers ahead, and myself some yards behind—and down Broadway we marched in the same order, till we—or, rather, tkey got to Taylor's Saloon at the ootner of Franklin-street, and, to be suit, Tem wonld have " Ellen and the girls" ge in and rest themeeWes and have some refreshment, and, to be surf, they jamped at tbe offer, and in they want, and in I went after them, and squeezed myself into a comer where they couldn't see'me (thomgfc' I .aonld eee them) eji aoooant of a liig, brawny Materia Heoeier that I managed to have between die and the ladies. Ton may be sure I had my eye on them, wondering all the time what the donee Michael HacWett could have seat ns there fer. While I was eudgeHing aay braiie about tkat, a mart yonng waiter eame to the table where I sat with some ice-cream fer my Western neighbour, and I oould scares keep from crying out in surprise when his eyes and mine met—amacing discovery! I saw before me 'the highly-esteemed Mr. Green, who seemed anything at aft bnt pleased at the meeting, and made his exit in what soldiers call double-quick time. Bnt, alas I the Gallagher family had seen him, too, and I oould heat Elite's voioe quite plain: " Ma, for pity's sake look there!" I was sorry for her in one way, but in another, I was not, for I knew it was all her own fiault—so I thought I'd have my share of the fun, and over I went to where they were sitting^ and down I sat myself, right opposite Tom, and asked tbe ladies if they wouldn't have something. No, they thanked me, they had had some ioe-oream, and dfdn't wish anything more, and I could see they were wishing me anywhere elee but where I was—Tem and myself had our own fun of it, I tell you, watohing the nervous tremor that the ladies were in for fear the Green Knight might make his appearanoe in their vioinity. While they were straining their •yti looking for him, up eomes another gentleman to the nesct table, in White apron and round jaoket, with a towel under his arm, and in his hands a tray, on whioh were tastefully arranged two mugs of the universal lager, two plates ef oyster-stew, twe ioe-oreams (as tbe waiters sty), and a large plate of oafce. Bat it wasn't the edd mixture of eatables and drinkables en the tray tkat attracted my fee, or Tom Gfalagher'a either, and I gnees it waant »ur eyea that wade the gentlemaa in the whin a^on blush like a fnH-blowa pwny, and eeme as near dropping tray mS all aad taking te his heeU, as a bedy •orild without aotually doing it. I heard Miss SUie on rae aide and Miss Mag on tha other, giving a grean that yom'd think was ont of a pit, and Hfss Gallagher said, loud enough te be heard all round : ' Why, ma 1 I deolare if that a'nt Ma. Browa!—Mag, why don't you speak te himf ' Oh ! you hard-fearted thing !' said MUs Mag between her teeth, 'if J don't be even with you fer this 1'—' I guess we'd best be going !' said Mrs. Gallagher potting on her gloves, aad the girls all made a meve, except Fanny, who,, it vtei plain, enjoyed the fufi amasingly, and thought, if she did not say it:— 'Twill nebber do to gib it 4> so, Mr. Browa, 'Twill nebbet do to gib it up so. on' the a - ... have been so muoh>urpri>ed as the ia- Why, what's oome over you all?" says Tom, winking at me; • why don't you finish your ioe-oream ?—it's paid for sow, and there's no use leaving it after you?' 'Of course, pa, we must finish it,' said Faany; 'why, you're taking nothing, Mr. M'Conoghy!' says she, the next word, tnrning to myself, and I protest I was most struck dumb with surprise, for, to tho beet of my knowledge, it was the first oivfc word Miss Gallagher ever spoke to me—I managed to find voice, howsomever, te tell her that I had taken all I wanted before I happened to get sight of them, but was entirely obliged to her for asking. 'Get up this minute,' said the mother aoross tho table to Fanny, in a low voioe, ' don't you eee myself and the others are ready to go, and it's just working contradiction you are. Get up, I say! Tom ! what ace yon about?' ' I'm about moving, Ellen! eome along now !' ' My goodness. ma!' said Tanny in a loud whisper, aa we all stood stpod up to go, * wouldn't Mag and Ellie like "ik< to say goeS-bye befoHl they gof- it's eruel te take them off eo—a'nt it, Mr. M'Conoghy f The last-named individual was so overpowered by this' eecgnd hononfc conferred on 1dm that ha hardly knew whibh end of him was uppermost and can't for the life of him, tell what answer he fpade. or whether be made any. I rather think, the Miss Gallaghers, especially Xllie and Mag, oould not" give any better account ae to how they got ti> the deor, for they looked as if they thought every ,eye ip the room was on them (and that wb8 a good many)—they weren't, though, fer every «ne there was too toy, either eatfasg and winking or pioking their teeth, to pay much attention to what was going en elsewhere, aid be Bides noone knew, probably, or. evea gueseed, ewsept ouuelves, that these w«« sueh p um little seoret connected with two of the very nioe young aaeri WftVWtSW JBHffWting their inward men (and women) witlj r M⁢&i;'mhr&f; -Mftt ff.ttf mUW^ttt'i ^W'h^x h«a i habitants of more old-faehioned oities would have been, for enoh things ace too oommon in onr fashionable aooiety to make any great sensation.' (To be eontinuti.) 