CRUMBS. Bain. Storm. Wintry. Honest Tom. No-confidence. Wheat steady. Imperial bribes. Snow in Victoria. Tom was merciful. More Jubilee gush. Johnnie the wobbler. " A badge of dishonour." Much ado about nothing. A £150 nugget. Hoorau! Sound without BubBtance. A mighty wet country this. PerceDtible revival in trade. Lot of buttonholing going on. No hot and dry weather now. Population of Victoria 1,012,408. Plenty of gold in South Australia. Will it be Sir Tom on Jubilee Day? A Bhort, sharp, and decisive debate, Kirkham Evans has settled the ghoBt. Anew thorn in Johnnie's side—Glynn. Lady Brassey prospecting at Silverton. Premier Tom instead of Premier Jack. Five- pound nugget at Mount Pleasant. Lady Brassey had a trip on the Murray. Jubilee dynamiters expected in London. Lady Brassey is a great lover of animals. Silver discoveries in the Blue Mountains. Savings Bank interest 5 per cent. Good. The PreBsman :s a benefactor of his kind. Basban-like roarings from a sncking M.P. The new Professor of Agriculture arrived. " Two wheat grains in a bundle of straw." " It is a bucketful of broth and one onion." Employment for everybody at Port Darwin. Is insolvency a recommendation in politics ? Antartic expedition postponed till after ISS'J. Big costs in that Western Australian libel case. Position of sheepfarmers secure for the year. Britain imported S8G,573cwfc. butterine last year. Mr. McMinnics begins official duties on July 1. Grand Old Agitator on the stump in Wales, The Sunbeam has gone, hence the dull weather. A " boom" iu kangaroo, rabbit, and opcts .sum skins. Tailors' and drapers' Jubilee bills now running up. Chaffey's Victorian Irrigation colony likely to be rushed. Over 4 inches of rain during twenty-two days in May. Too bad of big Tom to snub Sir John's little brother. Lady Brassey has had a glimpse of the real bush country. The Ministry have been consistent in their inconsistency. Great waste of public money on the South East Railway. Our politics are cursed with secrecy and place-bunting. "/ didn't eat my words"—that made J. C. B, wince. Boulanger wants a lew months of repose. And then ? "Waitand see; don't fiy your bacon be fore it's cured." Young Australia's trumpet being tooted by Sir CharleB Dilke. Pity more prosecutions don't follow fraudu lent prospectuses. Wild West Indians and cowboys taken the Cockneys by storm. _ Another shoddy kissing match by the three Emperors probable. Bray, Downer. & Co. responsible for nearly £900,000 of the deficit It is to be hoped a little rain will be left for the next few months. County Clare bboys and bailiffs having another bit ov divarsion. Sionx Chief Red Cbiel and the Grand Old Man have had a palaver. Ten thousand Irishmen in Melbourne con demned the Coercion Bill. Hnrry up your Jubilee addresses? Grand Old Laoy waiting for more. Cheeky Randolph ridicules that generous offer of old iron for defences. There are counterfeits of democracy as well BB false^friendahip for labour. It is not empty titles bat energy that differentiates men or women. . Will somebody pre the citizens a wrinkle how to rignp Jubilee lamps? Mr a. Kirkpatncc will not stand for the Upper House. What a loss! 150 million acres State lands "jobbed by Yankee Syndicates since 1872. The foundations of M. Eiffel's Tower of Babel in Paris have been laid. Neither Jew nor Gentile his yet been raised who can sit upon Ebby. Johnnie's wordB snapped like Chinese crackers exploding in a bunch. _ New Home Rule leader trying to stir up Taffey's " natural aspirations.' Lady BrasBey much struck with her first sight of a big mushroom town. Adelaide "wine trick" not likely to be played at Melbourne Exhibition. .... What is wanted is a measure not to abolish imprisonment for but debt itself. Lady Brassey will doubtless speak well of South Australia in her new book. Kirkham Evans has discovered the Cradock ghost under the blankets. _ Seven and a quarter incheB of ram this year against a little over 3J last year. What sort of language have the federated Seamen taught Lord Brassey's parrot ? J C F. Johnson must be carefnl not to J make his Australian Society top-heavy. Mr. A. Kirkpatrick will reserve himself for the Assembly. What self-sacrifice ! The complete and unbroken fifty years file of the Register is a remarkable rarity. Free trade N.S.W. stopped our grape under false pretences, say the gardeners. if South Australia is to be prosperous, steady industry will be the road to suooess. Chaffey Brothers going to have crops on Mildura thisyear. flow about Bookmark? Gold lace for the officers while Tommy AtkinB wears three-year-old unmentionables. The table relating to free education bears eloquent testimony to severity of the times. Mount Morgan West shareholders putting a knife into the promoters of that "audaoious fraud." The facilities of education are being more end mote brought within the reach of the " The Brigadier-General should call for a return of all the patches in the Militia rank and file. Lady Brassey on "first aid to the wounded." Have the Ministry retained her services? ... . ., Customs expert demanded to prevent the importation of pestB to ruin the horticultural industry. .... „ Will no one subscribe the small sum necessary to erect a crushing plant at An encouraging increase in the amount^of deposits and number of depositors at the Savings Bank, __ . . Every man who knew the late Captain Cadell will endorse bis friend Samuels ^ London* Clubmen having b ad enough of the colonial^ are now running Buffalo Bill from tbAnticipating defeat, the Government care fully omitted the policy from the Speech, That's the lateBt. , , , , Money for investment is plentiful, but greater security is demanded than can in most cases be offered. . If Mr. Evans is correct Sissy SchuHz is a precocious child, and deserving of intelligent and decisive treatment. Mr. Ward had better include in his Bill a clause to compel the issue of first- class certificates in certain cases. . i It is a rare thing in the history of journal | ism for newspaper enterprise to be contem poraneous with settlement. . ! It is rather rough on the Government Kesi l dent that his deputy should wire that former discontent has disappeared. Four pigs etood upoo their beads and Bang the Nations! Anthem." — Kirkham Evans Shropshire ghost conductor. In Great Britain fifty years ago two-thirds of the working class were employed in agri culture ; now only one-third, Herat will stand a ninety days' siege, says the Russians. That depends whether English or Russians occupy it. S. C Deane offers to make a canal from the North Arm to the Gulf. Ho might as well attempt one to Adelaide. Reported that the Adelaide Steamship Company's fleet is to be purchased by the new Australian Shipping Company. Lord Wolseley says England can now place in the field a force twice the strength of the army which Bhe sent to the Crimea. A politician has been discovered to actually possess a modicum of reason. Bring a power ful microscope and some strong spirits, Not being able to give Lord Brassey a mem ber of Parliament as a specimen of tb country, the seamen gave bin: a parrot. Sir Charles Dilke advises France to clear out of the New Hebrides in order to save herself from being driven from the Pacific. It is greatly to his credit that Lord Brassey is in character an Englishman, full of commonsense, and the simplicity of sincerity. ThoBe who strive to make a country or a few rich by lowering the etandard of comfort to the many is an enemy to genuine progress. If all the vacant land on the plains cf Ade laide were leased at a small rental there would not be so many unemployed deputa tions. . , , That members should submit to cranial and facial examination is clear from the necessity for precautions against mischievous legis lation. ,, _ ... Could not the Ministry secure Mr. Gobble to mesmerize the weak and wavering mem bers to vote right on any no-confidence motion ? . ., A gentleman who owns five shares in the Town and Country Bank is fearfully crosB with the Directors for wasting his little fortune. _ , „ . ,. During last month 1,543 oz. of S.A. gold were received at the Sydney Mint, making the total since the beginning of the year 3,843 oz. , , . . In speaking of the decease of a business man it iB now Baid that he 1 telephoned, because telephoning shortens life so per ,7hile thousands of pounds pass on ven tures outBide the oolony, it is a crying shame that a little monBy cannot be got to develop Teetulpa. Holland imports from Paris alone some 250 tons of oleomargarms per montb, while the great bulk of its artificial butter is exported to England. Lady Brassey hopeB the ladies of Sonth Australia will not allow the culture of the intellect to make them forget the training of their hands. _ T . The Federated Seamen presented Lord Brassey with " an excellent talker, who would improve on acquaintance." Had this a special meaning ? Will some one please give an example from the whole realm of nature of developmental changes so numerous, rapid, and remarkable as those of the Ministry ? " Directly Parliament begins to encroach upon the privileges of one class in order to confer other privileges upon another class, it exceeds its functions." Like some Inchcape bell, which rang as it rose and fell with every wave, the Press speaks on the crest of prosperity, and warns in ihe hollow of adversity. After the Government had erected sheep yards, like the station at Penola, in the wrong place, the Traffic Manager discovered that the yards were not wanted. Socrates born, 468, B.C. For gifts an' grace, A bum in' an' a shin in' light To a'this place. _ • The crednlous rustics have unconsciously invented most of the ridiculous tales, scaring themselves with imaginary terrors," What will the rustics say to Mr. EvatiB? Ac certain members of Royal establish ments have to be photographed on admission, why should not new legislators be examined by phrenologiste and physiogomists ? King Sir Robert Bruce died 1329 Sir Bobert, a soldier no speech would pretend. But be ne'er turned bis back ,on bis foe—or his friend. Among the lower classes in .Russia, the barber, a primitive artist, claps an earthen pot over the head and ears, and trims off whatever hair protrudeB from the pot. To miid manner Oppositionists the Govern ment are as bold as Sampson to a wild beast, hut to Jingo supporters they have the valour of hareB which pluck at dead lions' beards. The originality of the adventurous English man has only ones gone so far as to conceive th6 idea of starting a newspaper to represent the views and aspirations of an unborn com munity. It is not a case of an insolvent member in Parliament^ it is that of a member with a second-class insolvent's certificate suspended for a year. Difference — Tweedledee and tweedledum, Rev, M. Baxter, prophecy interpreter, says that during ensuing 13 years the world will become almost depopulated by wars and persecutions, and that the *millenium will begin in 1990. "Next to the glorious rains,the.removal of the present Ministry from office will unmis takably result in publio confidence, and revive general prosperity in the colonv." Thus Mr. E. Williams. Unless the Acting-Premier can exercise the Eowers of Premier as to resignation the five [inisters will have to resign individually, and Sir Jack to be dismissed by the Governor. How would he like that ? Count Cavour died, June 6,1861 Cb, why has worth so short a date ? While villains ripen grey with time I Must tbou, the noble, generous, great, Fall in bold manhood's hardy prime 1 When beaten in a Budget debate about twenty-five years ago Bismarok said—" It is not by speechifying and the votes of majorities thst the great questions of the age are to be settled, but by blood and iron." Caribaldi died, May 2,1882 I saw my sons resume their ancient fire; I saw fair Freedom's blossoms richly blow: But ah 1 how hope Is born but to expire! Belentless Fate has laid their guardian low. Mr. Shack Abdulrahman al Katib pro posed, says a Singapore paper, and Syed Agil bin Salim al Sree seconded, that Messrs. Thomson and Syed Mohamed bin Salim al Sree be appointed Directors, &e.; It is worse than WelBh. Second attempt on the life of William I, of Germany, June 4,1878 May He who made him still support him, An' views beyond the grave comfort him, Bis woitby family, far and near, God bless them a wi' grace and gear. Kobert Tannahill born, June 3,1774 I'll sit down o'er my scanty meal, Be't water-brose, or muslin-kail, Wi' cheerful face, As Iaug's the Muses dinna fail To say the grace. The largest British garrison at any foreign or colonial station is that whioh holds Malta. We have there just now 5,890 officers and men, whilst at Gibraltar the total number is only 5,150, or 33 more than the total number of our troops in Egypt at the present time. Emperor Hero killed, June 8, 68:— Oh! enviable, early days. When dancing, thoughtless, pleasure's mats To care, to guilt unknown! How ill exchanged for riper times, To feel the follies, or the crimes Of others or my own! " If the cremation about to be effected by Mr. Playford proved his official death he could take to himself the consolation that death canonized or sanctified a mau a great deal, and Mr. Bray might look forward to his canonization as the sure sequel to his great fall." A good motto for Mr. J. W. Horwood's bell:—"Federation! I was made on Vic torian soil, of Sydney copper and Tasmanian tin, melted with Hew Zealand cake by English, Irish, and Scotch men, under an Adelaide boy, J. W. Horwood. Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, 1887. Are we not brothers, serving one Queen, honouring one God? God serve the Queeu and bless our Empire." 