TOQNGABBIE RAGES. The promoters of this popular Easter Monday gathering were favoured with brilliant weather, though the drenching downpour of Sunday looked very lugubrious for the holiday. The heavy rain which then fell did not, however, improve the forest track which does service for a l iicccoursc, for the lodgement of the water a ! several low-lying points created quagmires \vhich jeopardised alike horses and riders. Indeed, the bogs had a victim in Mr. Bavlis' promising steed One of the Tribe, who fell and wrenched his back so badly that lie liad to be carried off the track. It would be an improvement appreciated alike by horse owners and the public, if tlie Club could devise means to both drain the course and remove some of the intervening timber, which is so dense as to render anything like a decent view of the races impossible. It may be taken for granted that the committee would gladly do all that is necessary if they had the wherewithal to defray tlie cost, but we have no doubt there are some lovers of the sport in the neighborhood who would gladly subscribe their mite towards such a desirable work if asked to do so. It i* a pity that such an excellently-managed and jiopular meeting should continue to lie marred by adverse natural conditions, which are capable of removal by a moderate expenditure of time and money. Tliat these races are popular was manifest from the excellent array of entries for the several events, and also by the attendance of the public, who assembled in large numbers from iho distrids of Traralgon, Rosedale, and Heyfield. Of tlie management we cannot speak too highly. The secretary (Mr. A. 11. Taylor) and his assistant (Mr. Lincoln)—who c unbined the clerical duties with attendance at the scales—had their work excellently in hand, and the courtesy and facilities they extended to tlie Press in obtaining all the particulars necessary for publication , cannot be too wa niily ackii. >u ledged. The steward* were always at iiand to help in any direction needed, and their names are a guarantee of efficicncy— Messrs. R, Young, Jackson Orr, J. Shepherd, J. Lovell, W. Semmens, E. Martin, W. O'Meara, J. 1). Heywood, and 3\. Lincoln. Mr. Morrison had a difficult task sometimes as clerk of the course, but the pressing and surging crowd was successfully controlled ; the flag was held by Mr. Martin, who throughout got his horses off in good time and on Fair terms ; while Mr. Young gave every satisfaction at the judge's post, though in one or two instances the finishes were neck and neck. The catering departments were in the hands of Mr. Moore and Mr. Shepherd, the latter of whom supplied an excellent luncheon, and the former was kept pretty busy by thirsty throats. As to the racing, it was on the whole capital, and the bookmakers, several of whom were present, did_an emphatically "roaring" trade. Full particulars of the running are reported hereunder, tlie opening event, which started at twelve o'clock, being the MAIDEN* PLATE of 8 so vs. Weight for age. About 1 mile. G. Diddam's Kildare, 8st 31bs (A. Davidson) 1 Riggal's Good Iron, 8st dibs (Gerrand) f2 E.Martin's Diamond, 8stl3lbs (T. Martin) f2 Pilot, Little Bncik, and Sultan also tan. Little Buck and Kildare were the favoritic8. A good start was effected, Diamond having shghtiy the advantage. The lot kept all of a rack until halfway round, when Little Buck câine to the front, bat was soon challenged by Kildare. Davidson called on lus horse, who answered gamely «ad coming away won easily by six " ' ~ A ' QttjjStal Stall race " ensued for second plape between Diamond and Good Iron, who finished A dead heat, Little Buck being* close fourth. Sultan fell coming up the straight, but neither ridernor horse HA-YDICAP HCKDLE SACS of 20 SOVB with a sweep OF 20B. for starters. 2 miles. J. McGrade's Mewbum, list (Hbs (Cupitt) F. Shiel'e Freezoot, lttst lOîbs... (Thoboxn) 2 J. Crigg's Concord, lOst Tibs (Breed) 3 Seabreeze, Friendless, Pilot, and Major also ran. Betting : Even on Seabreeze, 2 to 1 Concord and Mewburn. The fkvo rite took the lead, but came fool of the first flight of hurdles which were floored, and led to load cries bj some interested .tors of " Pat them up again, pot up." Seabreeze kept the lead the first round, waited on byhis stable companion, Pilot being third, and Friendless hopelessly in the rear of the remainder, who were in a bunch. The favorite continued to run a strong horse, but unfortunately lost his advantage by a fall when half-a-mile from the finish. Mr Rice's other representative, however, took his place and won an excellent race from Freexeout, who had Concord close on his flank, Friendless being next, and Seabreeze fifth. TOOKOABBIE HANDICAP of 25 sovs., with a sweep of 20s for starters. 1| miles F. Shiel's General, 7st 81bs... (Croker) I H. Scott's Little Frank, 8st91bs (Gathridge) 2 J McGradc'fi Coralic, 6st 7Ibs (A. Rice) 3 One of the Tribe, and Little Annie also ran. Betting : Even on Coralic, 2 to 1 Little Frank, 3 to 1 Genera! and Little Annie, 6 to 1 One ot the Tribe. Mr. Martin got the horses well away, when Little Frank (who ran excellently considering he was on the sick list) followed his Traralgon tactics by dashing to the front and showing Ms opponents a clear set of hoofs. At the half mile distance Coralie was second, General third, Little Annie fourth, and One of the Tribe fifth. Mr. Scott's geldling kept a clear lead until rounding the last bend, when Croker called on General, who gradnally forged ahead, and won a capital race by four lengths, Little Frank being double that distance in front of Coralie. An unfortunate accident occured at the tarn for the straight, where One of tlie Tribe was thrown by stepping into a crab-hole, by which his back was twisted and he was paralysed. Master Rice was ako thrown from Coralie in pulling up, but escaped severe injury. SELLIXG HURDLES of 12 sovs. Winner to be s »ld for £20. About 1J miles. G. Diddam's Friendless, 9st 121bs (Alford) 1 J. Riggal's Good Iron, lOst 61b (Clifford) 2 J. Keogh's Vanity, lOst lllbs (Breed) 3 Xed o' the Hills, Roebuck, Lougher Brown, aud Little Buck also ran. Betting : 2 to 1 against Friendless, 4 to 1 Goodiron. Roebuck took the lead, closely followed by Good Iron, who supplanted him ere half the distance was covered. The others kept in a rack, but half-a-mile from home, Alford, who had been holding the favorite in reserve, pushed past his opponents and won a capital race by two lengths, Vanity and Goodiron making such a close thing of it for second honors that a dead heat was anticipated, but the judge decided that the latter had the advantage by a nose. Xed of the Hills was last. The winner was brought in for £20 10s, being half-a-sovereign above the reserve. SELLING FLAT RACE of 15 sovs. Winner to lie sold for £20. About 1 mile. F. Shiel's Freczout, 8st lOlbs (Brown) 1 Diddam's Kildare, 8st3lbs (Davidson) 2 J. Grigg's Plato, 8st lOlbs ... (R. Rice) 3 Vanity, Coralic, and Midshipman also started. Betting : 2 to 1 on Freezeout, 2 to 1 against Coralie, 3 to 1 Kildare and Midshipman, 6 to 1 Vanity. Vanity got the best of the start, till halfway round Coralic took the lead, eventually to be supplanted by Kildare, Vanity holding third position. This order was maintained until approaching the last turn, when the favorite left the company of Plato, Kildare, and Midshipman, and at the straight shot to the van and won in excellent style from Kildare, who was baulked by a slip about the same place as One of the Tribe fell at. Plato was third and Coralie fourth. Winner bought in. TIME HANDICAP TKOT of 10 sovs. Weight 10 stone. About 3 miles. E. Martin's Platelayer, 20 sees behind scratch (T. Martin) 1 E Martin's Johnny Go, SO sees, behind (Owner) 2 Comet, Bonnie, Abbie, Maid of the Hills, Gipsy, Drummer Girl, Paddy, Hogan's Ghost, Minnie, Boco, and Jack also ran. Betting : Even on Platelayer and Johnny Go. Great interest was manifested in this spin, and a large field of 13 faced the starter. The distant was three times round the course. Bonnie led the first tune round, followed by Platelayer and Gipsy, the others anywhere, and several retired. The second lap saw old Platelayer with a good lead, Abbie being second, Bonnie third, Gipsy fourth, Hogan's Ghost fifth, Maid of the Hills at tlie tail end. The remainder of the race was entirely in the power of Platelayer, who won with any distance to spare, Sir Martin's other horse being second. Coming home the rider of Paddy (Shortis) did a silly trick by cutting across a corner and riding in with the winner, for which breach of rules he was deservedly fined a sovereign. This concluded the programme shortly before five o'clock, just enabling visitors from Traralgon way to catch the train home. The settling took place in the evening at Moore's Hotel, when the stakes were paid over and various toasts honored with the usual conviviality. 