"FOUNDED ON FACT. IY T. MALCOLM WATSON. I had wriUon n novel which, I may eay wiliout aflec'-iition, had been reccivod, alike by the public awl (lie press, with inarkod favour. Possibly the generous reception extended to it may, in some measure, liavo boon the result of- my own frauknoAs in nt onco acknowledging the source from which I hail drawn my inspi ration. Nevertheless, I mil, 1 think, jm tilicd ill that the honk owed its success less lo the intricacy of it« plot than to the adroit manner in which the incidents «vero handled, and, above all, to tho suhtlo analysis of a mind gifted beyond tho common. The voluino haa been so recently in the liauds of readers, and by them so fully discussed, that I feel a not unnatural diffidence in referring lo it here in any . tiling like detail. If thuiM is 0110 tiling I dislike mure than another, i! is the thrust ing of inv own personality before the public. But, unfortunately, I have 110 option in tho present instance; I have givfn asolcinn pledge uudurcircuinsUmues -of peculiar gravity, and the responsibility resting on me until that pledge is redeemed citmot readily bo over-estimated. I have -unwillingly, it is true-perpetrated a sorious wrong against a fellow-creature, and the only method open to me of un doing the evil thus wrought is to make . my recantation no less public ,than the error which renders it necessary. Although, therefore, I do not feel called upon to enter with any degroe of minute ness into tho particulars of my story-a task particularly distasteful to one of my jnodest disposition-I am forced (o call to the reader's momory one or two of the leading events set forth in its pages. It trill be romomberod that in the preface I at cnoo, as I havo snid, difthnrmed hostile criticism on Uic soon; ul origin.ility by can didly daclariug (lie liaj/is of ? i>y talelojjg tho account of a ccri-*1"' iml f"r wutdor,"^ . . irUicli I .iioiuthod from an old news- I It would, however, lie unfair to my own sit arc in tin- work did I not add y. that the details thorn given were of the / moil, inongro kind-a voritaUo skeleton In fact from which not only every vestige of flesh had long since disappeared, but which, during tlicso yean of sopulture, hjid lost a goodly number uf its original bones ; and among these many of its most \ important. To urn, thon, fell tho task uf rehabilitating this time-worn structure-of clothing it again, so to speak, with its former wrappings-aud of imparting to it euoli vitality as might prove acceptable to tho public of the present day. The newspaper roport to which I have alluded was short md to many might seem prosaic. It told in concise language haw a certain Benjamin North had been tried and convicted of llio murder of his wife, Hypatin, which crimo no doubt, although tho fact remained unrecorded, ho in duo .course expiated on tho scaffold. The evidence vent to show that for many years previous to theirinarriagotlic union of these two had been louked upon as probablo, and that only a series of malign influences lifld prevented tho consum mation of their hopes at an earlier period, sfheir happiness, linwover, was fal cd to bo ofSjrief duration. Shortly aHcr (.ho wedding. Hypatia-110 longer, be it. said, in the first bluoiu of Ivryonlh-dovelupod symptoms of ill licaMi. /?i'vunihtiiiice dia in i j.i^ uiiobs.'rvcil?tJj iiui ".?i*i- id, } in whosr f '.'. ilrao<i t' id j ?thuv tio one could have <ltsj>i-i,. paliunec or devol ii'ti. TliP linuiijM )ier earlier days were fuinaken, am} rM friends saw almost nothing of Ihi-jr fniiiier'coni rado. On the nine owfllfion»wliirli found hiui absent from loft wifo's aide it was ap parent, inorovotjf that ho liad changod greatly. HJXinanner was more serious and at '. vines even depressed. A certain gloom ?i»d ecUled upon his face, and his ?scry i;ail betrayed a mind anxious and liarasbed. Tiio sudden death of hiB wifo followed «oon aftor.' Of ils cause (here nevor was Ute slightest doubt: a day or two pre viously North liad purchased a quantity of arsenic with the ostensible purpose of giving it to his horses to improve the ap poarance of their coats. It was clearly proved, and indocd was never denied, that his wife's death had resulted from a dose of tliis very poison. Tile dofenco appears to havo been con ducted on tUo most primitive lines. A plea certainly was advanced that the Roman had, cither by aociileni or design, t.Voii the nrsonio herself; '.»' no evi Uenco was adducod in Bupport of the as uertion, Hie man's caso quickly foil to the ground. Nor, from what I could gather, did the result cause him either surprise or uneasiness. Like tho Greeks of old, he seemed to seo in hiB approaching doom the hand of fate from which uo mortal aid could save him. Such was the framework upon wluoh I had avowedly built up my story, carry ing candour even so far as to give chapter and verso for my authority. And although it may, -at first glnuce, be thought that tjio narrative contained little cither of au extraordinary or sensational nature, to me there was much both keenly pathetic and dramatic in it. I conjured up the early struggles of these loving hearts - tlio long, alow years of waiting until their hopes at last should be crowned with fruition. In Hypatia 1 re c-'Hiiscd a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if somewhat self- conl-ahicd, character. And two, just as the cup of hui»pni«-us was raised to their lips, the iiaii't "t death was Boon to stretch forth, and the inevitable cud to Kp\»ro:tcli, That, North was convinced of his wifos near dissolution I had no doubly and tliat lio felt tho coming separation even more acutely than herself was no loss clear to me And so ho liad taken his determina tion*. U they might no louder live to gether, death at least should not part them. Imbued with this resolve, ho had purchased the poison, intending to utuke iway with both his wife and himself. Hut, aftor administering licr portion, his norvo hodfailedhim j and.beforeho could 'summon up courage sufficient u* cornplote his purposo, justice was on his tracks Nevertheless, when his fate came, he met linly and heroically, conscious that if ho sinned in act he was at least innocent lontion. , , mraelor of tho man had grown *o with wonderful vividness, and I on tho greatest pains to novtvay ives by which lie had been I. Tho success of tho book may pted as some indication that my ?ere not wholly in vu;n. fuw weeks after ils publication I was feitSfiug one cvi'iiin^ alone in my Blndy. It wtt^ftslose un«iu ini<lni;*h«, imd I had nl1f01' Bnvi'i'id hours, as it {w{ iu should bo finishes l>y tt specified time, and 1 was anxious to keop faith. J nut at that moment I found myself brought to a stop by the wnut of ccrtain data, which 1 re membered were to bo found ill 0110 of my rofercnco-bookB. Being desirous to com plete the article beforo retiring for tlie night, I accordingly laid aside my pen, and proceodcd downstairs in pursuit of tlie volume in question. A few minutos' search sufliccd to pro vide mo with wlmtl required, and, taking the book in my hand, I returned onco more to my work. Entering the room hastily, it was not until 1 readied my place at tlio table that 1 nut iced the chair opposite to mo to be occupied. 1 must confcss to considerable surprise and even some little alarm at the appari tion of a strfuigor in iny house. With the exception of the servants 1 live alone, and certainly I had no rocollcct ion of having invited anyone of this gentlenmn's appear ance to call on mo at so unseemly an hour as midnight. Besides, how hod he con trived to enter without making himself heard ? "Good evening, sir," ho said frith a strong provincial accent, as I took my ?eat. " Good evening," I replied, not vory cordially, perhaps ; but under the circum stances an absence of warmth might be excused. " I fear, however," I continued, " I liavo not tho advantago of knowing whom I am addressing." As I Bpoke 1 made a hasty survey of tho stranger in the hope of recalling the occasion on which we had met before. But iny efforts were in vain, liis foaturos soomcd wholly unknown to mo. Tlieso, it may be observed, were suffi ciently remarkable to leave a lasting im pression upon a memory less retentive than my own. But what struck me most forcibly in this first examination was tlie old-fashioned air of tlie man ; an iinpres-. sion, by tho way, considerably heightened by his stylo of costuinc, which appeared to bo lnoaolied upon a pattern faAhjjptaMV* in tho yoarg of tliia- ceuUuyfJMiK^imously ?OU1- r' m.eepiiig with tho presont-day fur niture of iny room. Tho other points in particular attracted my attontiou: tho first, that ho was a very small man-no small, iudeod, that as he sat on a not in ordinately high chair, his feet did not oven touch tho ground, but hung sus pended in mid-air, oscillating backward* | and forwards like a pair of poudulums ; the other, that his faco was exceedingly red and chubby. There was, moroover, a good-natured twinklo about Iuq eyes which immediately suggested to tho observer a power of appreciating a joko, if not of too subtle an order, quite equal to the average. Although 1 myself was unconscious of having given utlcranco to anything par ticularly humorous, he seemed to draw from my reply a considerable fund of amusement, for it set him laughing some what boisterously. "And yet," ho an swered, "(hero's nobody living knows or thinks lie knows-more about mo mid my doings than yourself." " You must be labouring under some mistake," 1 rejoined gravely. " Unless my memory greatly deceives me, wo have never met beforo to-night, so that it is impossible I should be acquainted with your history." "That's precisely what 1 have como to complain about," said tho littlo man, turning a tslwde rudder, and with a touch of irritation in his voice ?, V you <ulmit vou linvn nnverticoii mo bcfoi'.- know nothing ?"of liiy iVjii;iiiL^~"MllMi-, mauiicjo, . >» tastes, and yot, forsooth, you coolly con stitute yourself my biographer!" " Your--your-what i queried. " Mr biographer," replied tlie stranger. " My name, sir, is North-Benjamin North -and 1've taken sonio littlo trouble, lot me tell you, to como hero to- night, that 1 may have the satisfaction of a per sonal explain ion with tho gontloman who has been good enough to write my life." 1 sat back in iny chair speechless, over come with the variety of emotions which crowded upon me. But what, perhaps, oppressed ma mora than any, was the thought that I li:ul boon basely tricked and deceived. JV«h Benjamin North red-faced, commonplace, fat little person, thcprotolypeof that high- souledandgentlo man whose career 1 had traced with AO j loving a hand ? It was impossible ; or, if it wero indeed true, then I had been deeply wronged : robbed of what is I dearest to tho writer's heart-a noblo ideal. " I thought X should surprise you," he resumed, " and I'm glAd to find that you have at least tho graco to bo silent. But .1 on' suppwse I've como all th» way from the other world simply to taunt you. No, sir, in so acting 1 had a definite object in view-an object, moreovor, I intend shall be accomplished bofore I return." He paused for a moment, whether from ex citement or want of breath I was unable to dctcrmino, but quickly continued in an impressive tone, contrasting ludicrously with liis appearance, " You, sir, have done to break into a hysterical laugh at the absurdity of the occupation, but with a strong cllbrt I controlled myself. " I do not," 1 observed, ?' quite understand what grounds you have for complaint." No sooner had 1 spoken than 1 would have given much to recall tho sentence. The cll'oct upon Mr. North was so decided as tu cause me serious alarm, His face becamo purple, and I feared every instant U> see him roll oil' his seat in a fit of apoplexy. Tho horrible thought forced itself upon me: what if 1 were left with tlie corpse of a ghost upoii my linnds? Fortunately, however, 1 was spared that calamity, for, recovering himself, ho again addressed me, this time almost savagely " ' Grounds for complaint !' ho echoed. ' Why, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, regaining which, by tho way, you aro about as far wrong as a man can bo, where, may 1 ask, did you find authority |or the character you have given Tho question certainly nonplused mo not a little. "I-1*must allow," 1 answered, "1 drew that from my imagin ation." "'Imagination !?'' ho replied in an accent of tho most profound contempt. ' Exactly ; you novel-writers seem to fancy that (he moment you have uttered shibboleth " Imagination " tho last word has been said. It never occurred to you, 1 supposo, to think what mi/ foolings might 1m on the subject ?' " 1 confcss," 1 rutuiiiiil, somewhat humbly, " 1 had not given that point the consideration it doubtless deserved. You must remember, however," 1 added in extenuation, " that you hud been dead sumo seventy years or more, Moreovor, I took the precaution of changing your name." " ' That's good,' retorted tho littlo man, stringing his legB to and fro with addi tioiiftl force. Really, y\m are t*m conside rate. And bucIi a ditigWm:, too I No body, of coursc, could po&ibly; rocognlso Benjamin North under the pseudonym of licujamin South/ X j "The two names are at leastws far apart | na the poles," 1 suggested withVa vacuous smilo, hoping to t urn the matter into a humorous channcl. '* * Egad ! you've a pretty wit/\ho an swered, 4 a must excellent wit,.1 Then, waxing warmer-* Damme, sir !\ I'vo known a man run through tho body; for a worse joke.' I hastened to express my satisfaction that iho quality of mine wa« not such as to call down upon me a similar fat.o. But 1 spoke to regardless cars, for, paying no heed to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to the attack: 41' Come, sir, lot's have a look at this procinuB book of youi*. You've a copy under your hand, 1 see. There are one or two jwwsjigcs I'd liko to have tho pleasure of hearing you repeat aloud. Supjioso we begin with page twenty nine !' Tho consternation visible upon my faco at this proposal brought back my interlo cutor to a ple;iaanter of things, and a look of marked content settled upon his features as ho said, with a grim chuckle, .If isn't every day an author has tho privilege of declaiming his own pro ductions to so appreciative an audi cnco.' Recognising the futility of resistance, I took up tho volume aud opened it at tho point indicated. As I rend, tho words seemed to tako a new and unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise that they were the same which,an hour ago had ippcarcd so full of power aud descriptive insight. *41 The laws which r."<nilnlo Naluro and Huniuui' v. I in ;t hnr-i, spasmodic voice, 4 while. working ^towards tho same ends, have raoh thnirdiHi>rrnc methods of j£tain?,i4 i. V.' ff; former tho thing that j- js 1'"> hidden beneath a valii"i<'.s* iiu-l. , with the latter seldom or nuvei. fjo it was in Benjamin South's case. TJio noble soul within was adumbrated by the lofty expression of his face ; tho unconscious yearnings of a higher nature were traced upon every line ofhis features. Tall and meagre, almost to emaciation, his very person indicated a disregard for all sensual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shame stricken and tfbstshod, leaving him pure and unsullied na tho soft white light of tho crescent moon." " 1 It's a little mixed,' said my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ' but it describes me to tho life. And your ; elocutionary style brings out the points ! with such vividnoss, that you really must allow me to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, air, for next to epitaphs , on gravestones, it's the most entertain I ing reading I have met with for a long time.' Unwilling as I felt, there was nothing for it but to do as ho requested. " Ho was gifted," 1 proceeded, " with a mind of singuarly analytical and intros pective type, possessed, too of an un equalled faculty of projecting itself into the future, and of bringing back thence much that would huvo proved elusive to a nature Jess liberally endowed, The po tentiality of Iub presence was apparent under any circumstances ; it dominated all with whom ho came in contact, and may pcrhapa bo best described by tho word nUu'i lieal. Jt will not, however, ? i».v:*»vi*«. anyone (hat a mind so purely . subject ivo in :'u» Qrtion should have had woak i'"int, and it »)6«Uwidwiltvd ! that syiiiIm 1 i. ally South's was a compara livo failure. Tho creative faculty hail been in a groat measure denied to him, and heroin ho fell short of greatness. Hut in saying so much 1 do no more than allow that ho was one of those who only just miss attaining tho heights upon which men of tho noblest genius aud power of expression have walked aud lived."' * Thank you 1' said my guest, whose faco during tho rccital of tho preceding had gradually becomo overcast and troubled. ' I think I won't ask you to go on. It's very fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quite grasp the meaning. | Besides, it makes nie sleepy, and I have | one or two matters to set right before I leave.' (I laid aside the book with a sigh of re lief. For tho first time in my life I had 1 found the pages dull. Mr. North s next remark surprised tno not & little: You're not roamed of 1 course ?' ho said. 'No' I answered, 'but why "of course" V * Then ho continued, disregarding my question, 'in describing tho relations existing between my wife and myself you drew, 1 presume upon your imagination .gain ?' J " X08 " ^ replied with some enthusiasm, . pictured to myself the indissoluble union of two souls,' bound together by no earthly tie, but merged the ono auto tho other by the sublime alchemy of a divine hand." " Thank you !" he said drily. " When I want extracts I'll refer to tho book it self. You certainly have a pretty power ful imagination." 1 looked down, colouring a littlo at the direct compliment. " You hndn't tho ploasuro of knowing Hippy, 1 think ?" he asked. * "Hippy?"' I repeated interrogatively. " 1 mean, tho late Mrs. North '/" " No," I replied. 'W '10 on in a dreamy way, "You missed a groat treat." Then, rouBing himself, he leaned forward in his chair, holding tho anus firmly so as to prevent liiinsolf from falling, and in a hoarao whisper addressed mo ; "If I hero ever was a shrew and a termaguat bom into this world, it was my wife." TJio intensity with which the won?.? were spoken We evidence to tJieir truth. If other proofs had been wanted, it would have been found in thecxprcKsion of hatred aud fear apparent on tho speaker's face. To me tho shock although painful, waa not altogether unexpected. Already ono illusion had been swept away, aud now 1 could bear with a certain degree of calm ness the loss of the second. " My dear sir," I said, " I beg that you will not excite yourself. ] think 1 begin to understand tho object of your coming to-night. Let mo assuro you that any statement you may desire to make will be j not only impart ially judged by mo but I treated as wholly private." " Private J" he interrupted with an ; angry wave of tho hand. " Kgnd, sir, i thu gruateMho publicity the better I'll bo ple/iaod. You don't sunposo 1 came Iioro merely to sot myself right with you ?" 1 thought it prudent to pass over in silence tho fdur implied by his words. " If I have injured you in any way," 1 said with chilling courtesy, 44 ( am pro* pared to do whatever lies in my power to placo tho matter upon its right bosiB." My assurauce appeared to givo Mr. North profound satisfaction. Uo sat back in liia ]»]stcc unco more, and after a little preliminary cough began to speak. "That'sall I ask for," he said, " and when I've told ynu the real facta of the case I shall expect you to make them as widely known iw the imaginary detail* contained in that volume." " It's very disappointing to you, I ad mit," lie went oi», settling down to his story, " but truth compelfl me to Bay that I never was anything but a vcrv ordinary happy-go-lucky Bort of a mortal I don't (jtiite umU-rKland what is meant by * pro jecting oneself into the future,' but in my cjlsu the nearest approach to the proccss, I Uiko it, was when my father threateued to kick me into the middle of next week ^>n account of &<»mc youthful escapado, to the other eomplimtary things you have been good enough to say of me, I'm Bony to confess they're quite beyond my corny. "eliension. ' i was a jiUle bit of a harum-scarum f< ; ! 'it I never wanted for friends. And i were the days, let mo tell you, sir, \< -on i in,m did'nt shrink from his Bivoii't. or 'vcn his tliittl, bottle of wine ; and uh./ii tin' nights were nil too short for tip'fun iii! 11") ic we sought to crowd into th« m. I'j-ruwe weren't so liberally gif1- I vwi i> i.n.i,'ination as the present genii i, i )i; ; b.:. by gad, sir! wo wow ready *'iiimiliIj t«< Imc'k un our opinions wit li )]|,1 l« if rerpiirou. .' I w.is bai'i'ly thirty when my father died. loavm*.' nif- a snuggish bit of pro pei: v ] - didn't represent a fortuno of course, but the income yielded by it was sullicieiitfor all wants and a few luxuries over and above. Alas ! my seeming good fortune was to prove the cause of my ruin, for from the day on which Hypatia learned the news of my altered circumstances she made up her mind that I should bo her husband. At this point his voice 'sank to a deoy and impressive tono: " For ten years she gave mo no peace following me from place to place with thl tenacity of a bloodhound. From the be ginning ] knew that there was no hope for me, but 1 died hard. I racked my brain for excuses. 1 threw obstaclo after obstacle in her way, yet all to no purpose. It was only a question of time, and she knew it. The moment at last came when I could struggle no longer, but found my self foiyed to yield up my freedom at the altar of our village church. 41 Then began for mc a life of unuttcr ablo misery. The late Mrs. North was a woman of noble proportions, while, as you have possibly observed, I am not my self a Hercules. When, therefore, as was her wont, she placed her back against the door protesting that I. should no longer visit my old haunts and cronies, I could not but recognise how vain was the power of prayer to move her from the position. " I became depressed and moody. All my former buoyancy deserted me; and when by cluinee 1 encountered an old acquaintance, 1 shrank away from his presence out of pure shame. "Two years passed and my wife fell ill. What the disease was can be of no interest to you, but by tne village doctor it was pronounced to bo deadly. It was my sad duty," continued the speaker with a curiously comic glance at myself, "to communicate to her the terriblo intelli gence. "The habit of obedience had by this time become so ongmincd in iny nature that I did not even dare to take advantage of her helplessness, but remained con stantly h«-i- sidr. Pp 'M f1;K indeed, shi* msiKlfi] : nod :ix ft, r ii'lid not |f-v t-i hi'<i i Mojpjrsrvu in her W islt- . .. muHl ahtuity. . thy ni,,. became roluifd utih a mo.-t unjui-t suspicion ln'rdoatli Avnul.l n-.t k- nnHi'lt'onii1 to me. 1 cannot tell you, sir," said the iittlo man with a break in his voico und making believe to wipe away a tear, "howdeeply this delusion pained me. " And now, sir, what do you think the inhuman monster did ? You are aware . tliat 1 had purchased the arsenic to give to tho horses. Impressed by the idea 1 have mentioned, and determined that 1 should not bo left to rejoico in my new found liberty, she resolved ujkui poisoning herself, well knowing bow fatal to myself the consequences must prove. And, being a woman largely gifted with the courago of her convictions, bIic actually did it." Exhausted by the ^narration of his wrongs, Mr. North paused hero. For my own part I hardly know what to think of so extraordinary a story. In a moment or two, however, ho resumed : " That, sir, is the truth. Now are you convinced of tho wrong you have done to mo?" "Yen," I admitted; "your version certainly throwB a now light upon tho in cidents. " Ho assured it is tho correct one, and accoitfingfy, sir, 2 claim tho fulfilment of your promise, and ask that you will clear my character from the tissue of falsehood -don't be oH'cnded, sir, for it is a tissue of falsehood- with which yourimagination has interwoven it." " You mean," I answered somewhat re luctantly, " that 1 shall place before tho public the particulars you have just com municated ?" " Exactly." 1 sighed us I thought of my lost ideal; but 1 had pledged my word. "As you will," 1 replied. "1 promise," " Good ! he rejoined. Then suddenly changing tho subject, " By tho way, have you ever noticed tho peculiar conforma tion of that bust over your head Vf "No," I answered, looking in the direction indicated ; "1 don't know that 1 have. Perhaps," 1 suggested, turning again towards him, "it is the effect of " 1 stopped. Tho chair before mo was empty. 