ge.'i.i I mm eattle in using their flesh as kind, eivhor by coming in contact with a lesion of the lips or unique, or by the absorbents of the digestive system I This is an important question, which, T think, the faculty should publicly decide. The genu is circulated in the human xysmtn by the lymphatics (as well as the blood-vessels), which are the same class of vessels as the absorbents, As the news papers a few weeks ago announced the presence of ten head of tuberculous cattle in the saleyards, I cannot help thinking tin cancer germ is not destroyed by the ordinary process of cooking. Colonel Sir Owen Lanynii died recently from cancer of the tonsils of the throat. Might not this he caused by a germ of cancer f.iom meat coining tutu contact willi a .small ulcer. Bdmtind Burke, the Irish orator, was telling (i.irriok one day that all hitter things are hut. 4 I ndeed,' said (larriek, 'What do y«m think, Mr. Burke, of hitterrobl weather.' A tuatn on the Mexican National Bail- i'miiI ran over and killed a .Mexican near Batseeuaro. Friends of the dead man undertook to retaliate, ami put a big rorkmi la eiirve. The engine of a passenger train j struck it, and an American engineer was injured and a Mexican fireman killed. The jq'epofitieo sent a squad of .Mexican gen darmes, with instructions to bring in every person suspected of any complicity whatever w: h the criminal act. Thirty three arrests we « made. The investigation resulted in tin selection of throe victims, and sentence was immediately passed. Shortly after sun rise the three were marched to t he .scene of l he disaster, stood up before an adobe wall, and shot by a tile of soldiers. The corpses lay for some time where they fell, as a warning to train wreckers, and were sub sequentlv buried near the scene of tlm wreck. " Tilt: 4 Chicago Times' of May :M relates that at Oskaloosa, Iowa, William Andrews, an aiuaieur ohijooiiim, \>o kiiohi iii.u about ti.HO o'clock. lie had a hot- air balloon, about 20 x 10 feet in size. When lessened it. shot up with great rapidity about 700 feet, when a current carried it westward im mediately over High Avenue, a distance of three blocks, when it took lire. Andrews was on a trapeze 10 feet Inflow the hah. m, ami was seen to climb nearly to the mouth, as was supposed, to nttniiqa to put out the lire. Very soon, however, till balloon collapsed, ami the doomed man fell Upon the roof of a business block near the public square. His body was crushed beyond recognition. The ascent had b.o-n largely advertised, and the streets were tilled by thousands of people, mostly women and children. Tim sight was a terrible one, ami occasioned intense excitement. Some ladies fainted, and many others had to be carried home. The t'leve correspondent of the South Australian Advertiser," tells the following yarn : -4t We have a (log story here which has excited almost as much curiosity as the Yanyarrie ghost story. A sheep farmer of this place caught a dog worrying his sheep, and after having been requested by the owner to shoot the depredator, he tied the animal to a tree, and standing about 10 feet off, fired the charge, striking the dog fair , between the eyes. To make a sure job of it, as he thought, he smashed the dog's head about with lumps of rock. One evening, after being apparently dead for l'J days, the dog revived sufficiently to make his way home to his master's place, where, as may bo imagined, ho was examined very minutely, to make sure thus lie was not the ghost of the dog that was killed. But it wnc the actual (log, aiul uie annual appears to ne as well as ever, although his skull is slightly out. of shape, and he bears the murk where 'J' i grains of shot entered li is forehead." A COUNTRY guest at a city hotel, having a dread of pickpockets, went to the clerk and handed him twenty-live pounds to be put in ! the safe. Asking for it next day, ho was thunderstruck when the functionary L>. whom he had given the money coolly dm. led any recollection of tho matter. Whereupon the countryman went to a lawyer. 4 Clot another twenty-fivo pounds,' said the lawyer, 4 and go accompanied hv a friend, hack to the hotel. Apologise to the clerk for your mistake; say it was a defect of memory; attribute it to drink or absent-mindedness ; deposit tin' second twenty-live pounds iu the presence of your friend, and come back to ine.' The mystified rurnlist obeyed instruc tions to the very letter. 4 Now,' said the lawyer, (go haek alone to the clerk and ask him for the twenty-five pounds. ICowing that your friend saw luin receive it, he will give bark lias second twenty-live pounds. Then take your friend with you next day, approach the clerk, and ask him boldly for the twenty-live pounds, and as there was no receipt for tin second sum, he will be forced to .eturn the first also.' Tho rusu proved jumplutcly successful. The lawyer sent Iiis | hill next day. It was for a fco of twenty- . five pounds. GANG BR IN GATTLK. A shout time ago the papers ia the Wide Bay district referred to cancer in eaule and the increase of the disease among human bfings in tlmi. locality. With reference to (his subject .Mr J. Standee, M.lt.C. V.S. L., writes to the CoURlim as follows. The matter is ot the utmost importance -The Legist rur-General of New South Wales reports the increase of cancer iu that colony. What will the report of the registrar of our uilony he at the end of this year i Will the people of Brisbane turn a deaf ear and shut their eves to preventive measures f must remind them of a ease that was brought hffmv the public some five or six years ago of one well known iu Brisbane nsGeordie (u ScoU'liuum), who whilst Bring in an out house, behind a boarding-house in South Brisbane, became so loathsome that the resi dents in self-protection made public com plaint. lie, to my, knowledge, had under gone two if not three operations by the knife which failed to exterminate the evil, f was in Gunktown with him when he ucquiicd the complaint, and if his statement is reliable, it. was caused by Iiis tripping one evening in Mr. William's hack yard and falling, cutting his mouth witli some of the ironwork of the slaughter yard cart. I knew him previously as being a man of grout strength and health and without the slightest resemblance to the hereditary cancer subject. Nowarisesanolherquestion; Can the liiiiu.au subject, lie. inoculated with the caucr 