To Correspondents. ATHLETE.-The biggeBt jump on record ever achieved was jumping a mining claim 450ft by 25ft. The biggest jump ever essayed was trying to jump Mount Morgan, ana the competitors think they'll pull off the prize yet. AjroNYMoue.-(Be "Warwick new railway station).-You will find your correspondence to FIGARO an "unproductive undertaking" so long as you continue to sign yourself " Anonymous," You are a reptile to throw up such a past slur on a gentleman of high position, when there is no {rnblic cause for dragging up the ghost of the past. Keep ng to your own peculiar style of spelling, I wish you joy of " Eedmudsliy's Lunatic Institution, which you look upon as your ultimate assilum (!) in which you-will be humered (I), and cared for as your efforts deserve." . VELOCIPEDE. - You ignore my rule requiring correspon dents to privately furnish me with their names and addresses. ?>.... SPONDULIX (Maryborough).-Always glad to get interesting items, dear boy. Thanks. LECBA.-Thanks for your letter. Send along similar bush yarns and ecentricities whenever you see or hear of them. A KINCHIN.--Thanks for moms. I've used-the acrostic, but couldn't discover the merits of the ginger-headed Alice and the chemist's epitaph. But, then, I don't live in Clermont, you know. The Torn Letter puzzle (to readers generally).-J have now received thirty-one letters from subscribers who have successfully pieced together the " torn letter" puzzle, which I produced in Fia-a&o;, of Jan. 29th last. I call the picture a puzzle although it was scarcely intended as such, but was meant as a little bit of harmless fun that would give the reader the trouble of cutting out the torn fragments o£|fche%etter and pasting them in proper order on some sheet of paper. I hope all Readers who have' sent me in solutions will accept' thi's general acknowledg ment, in place of individual mention. All sent in are correct. BOLD AGAIN (Glenelg Goldfield, Feb. 26fch) writes" Miners here hope, dear FIG., that your Assay Man is neither a watchmaker nor a physic man, howsoever honest such folks may be. There are few of us miners but know of a likely show, and we are likely to trouble you with that same." Eight you are dear boys. Sen/5 along your specimens ; FIG. will be only too glad to help you to a good thing, or advise you against spending foolish money on poor stuff. My ass&yer;, Staiger, is too well-known as a professional analyst who has frequently donej work to the satisfaction of the Government, the Brisbane Corpora tion, public and private companies, &c.;, to need any eulogies from me. You may bet that his report is solidly exact every time. 