IRature, Bees as Adversaries. Tiiose \jlio have personal knowledge 'and ex perience of bco-culttiro will bear out tho re mark that beos are not particular na to tho size or tho position oE tbahomela which they choasa to dwuli, so that It suffices for them to carry on with security their wonderful opera tions. In their wild stntc cavities of rooks and hollow trees are alike available : and in their domcstio condition they linvo no pre ference for n straw cnstle over a house of wood, nor for n wooden house over a straw oast.le. Tlio bee, which, while under proper, treat-. inent, is one of Inan's br-st friends, proves, when molested, a terrible foe/ Allusion is made fo this by Jl'ise*, in liis story of. what befell the Israelites in their sojourn in the _wildcrness. ' The Amorilcs came out ngainst ysu, and chased you as bees do, and destroyed you.' Tho strength and forco of their sting is such as to enable tlieni to pierce the skin of the horse nnd other largo animals, nnd kill tliom. Their ordinary spocd whon in flight is from sixty to eighty miles an hour, nnd they have been known to fly past the windows of an express train whon travelling nt fullepecd in tlio enmo direction. The bee's mnnner of attack is to dash straight at tho object aimed at ; and commonly, when ox cite:! by tlio presence of somo meddling per son, thoy will attack the faco, aiming especi ally nt the eves. Whan tho thousands which inhabit a hive aro aroused by tho sound of alarm — woll understood by all tho inmates— to repel an invader, thoy sally forth with a courage nnd dctorminntion which- none can withstand, attacking thoir foes oil ovory sido with a fury it is impossible to resist. King David must have witnessed just sncli a scene, which he reproduces in his description of tho fierce attacks of his bitter and unrolonting foe : 'All nations compnssed me about; they compassed me abont like bees.' llocently, the mishap of a portor in hand ling a box of beos in transit by railway created an nmusing and rather alarming scene at tho station. There was a genornl stam pede of passengors and ofllcials flying inevery direction chased by tbo infuriated hoes. Catching the queen and placing lior in tho box, restored confidence and quiot, for, flock ing loyally to her standard, the whole colony returned to the esse, which was then sent on its way. Hut even this is a smnll affair com pared with what is relntod in ancient history of persons being driven from their habita tions, and the inliabitnnts of mi cntiro town buin,} compelled to flue beforo myrinds of beos. yElianus. who flourisho.l about 200 A. 1)., gives an instance of this in one of his seventeen books on nniraals. Mungo Park, the African traveller, mentions a modern' in- stance which took place near Dooproo: 'Wo had no sooner unloaded tho asses than some of the people boing in search of honey, inop portunely disturbed a largo s\yann of bees. Thoy came out in lai^o numbers, and at tacked men and beasts at tlio same: timo. Luckily, most of tlni hssob were looso, and galloped up tho . valloy ; but the horses and people were very mnch stung, and obliged to senmperoff in all directions.' Infaot, in half an hour tho bees seemed to put nn ond to our journey. In tho ovoning, wlion, they became less troublesome, nnd wo could venture to col lect our cattio, wo found many of tbem much stnng and swelled about tho head. Three asses wore missing ono died in the evening, another noxt morning. On? guide lost his horse, and many of the people were much stung about tho head and face.' Persistence of the Bearer- — The quickness with which n colony discovors a wholesale attempt Cagainst their peace is astonishing'; jret-if their numbers are undis turbed, or diminished but gradually, evon tiio presonce of civilteitton will not drlvo, them thein from their haunts. To-day bonvor are 'roturning to streams in Michigan, long ago abandoned by thoir race, simply because they find themselves unmolested, 'the .demand for boaver-peltry boing slight, and the prices paid out of all proportion to tho-labor ontailed in trapping. It has boon said that, if a dam or house be once injured by tho hand of man, tho colony at oncc disappears. But that this is fallacious is provud . by ( the following : Twenty-two miles from Marquette, Mioli., on tho Carp Itiver, a beavor. colony bogan the erection of a new dam. Though tho embank ment of a railway ran nearly parallel, with tho stream, nnd trains passed backward .and forward daily, they seemed in no' way dis turbed, and worked steadily on until .tho water had risen a foot or moro. The track master, observing tbat this endangered the lino— for tho embankment had been utilized' as a wing of tho dam— ordorcd the water to. bo drawn off. llut the (olio wing day tho beavers had repaired the dam cut through, and the wator was its former height. Again , and again and again was the dam cut through, nnd ns often would it bo repaired. All in. all,' it was cut and repaired some fifteen or twenty times ere tho bearors wero suflieieutly dis-; couraged to abandon their attempts, ?White Sparrows — Instead of the ordi nary brownish gray, which is their prevail ing color, every twelve or fiEtoon of tho thou sands of sparrows in Macon nre white. Pro fessor Willett of Morcer University has mado a closo study of insectivorous birds, and whon thia fact was brought to bis attention he supposed the white sparrows wore morely albinos. Naturo plays her freaks , in all classes of tho animal creation, and scattora albinos among men, bcasis nmlbirds. Often in a big drovo of blackbirds n whito ono is found. But tho white sparrows at JIacon are too numerons to bo necountod for on tho theory of ohanco, which .would explain tho presence of ono in a thousand. Thoy nro exnetly liko their companions in ovory re spect save color, and there is do evidenoe that tho |whlte and dark sparrows have crossed ; they aro all either solid white or solid brown. London Needle Women-— Tho' women engaged iu tho shirt trade arc to tho full as ill oft, as badly paid, nnd nsvmuch to be pitied ns were their siBters in the day when 'Hood snng thoir sorrows nnd snfforings. The wo mnn who is solely dependont upon slop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. Sho soon becomes in very deed. Tho sennistrcss. lean nnd weary and wan, ? With only. tho ghosts of garmonts on, who. \- , In poverty., hunger and dirt, ; Sews nt once with a double thread i, ; A. shroudiiis well as a shirt. , Happily, many of.Ulio shirt hands nro not wholly. dependont upon tho earning of their needle. Numbers of tlio marriod wom'on of. tlio poorer .'classes work' at . tlio. shirt trade -with a view ;.fo ?supplementing tlio scanty wages of their husbands and tho additional income - thus gained, though' it' miiy be but three or four, .shillings a week, sensibly in creases the comfort of tho household.; Con sidering the i wretched prices paid ; for. the work, tho surprising thing is that the womon. should earn evori so much nt it'ns somo of them- do. Take , tho button-holing — a loading ? branch ' of tbo . work, The holes nro rough punched in tho factories tho work, of tiie ^outdoor .... hands being to stitch tliom round. This .bu tton holing' is admittedly,'' niggling' work, and yet the rato :nt which it is paid for by the.swenters is d penny por.dozon collars. .As'caoh collar has three holes, tho\ band, who finds lior 'own needle -anil , cotton, has to . stitch thjrty.six; holes for a penny., Evon so, somo of the ex perts, - by working long ; libiifs,;:by.. rising enrly on'Summormornings. nnd sitting late on \\\ inter nights, by living on food that is 'ready to be put into the mouth, ^ 't chiefly .broad and butter, and eating as thoy tyork ; by nclini; on tliese, lines som» of tho button holurs. wilt earn ns inucli ns eight or nine Bhlllingsr.por week. Tlio prices paid by tlio manufacturers' wl)o' givo ,it out in- the* lirst instance nro probably such as would enable - a skilled . and industrious hand to make a living wage : but.as matters stand snoh men ,aro almost compelled to employ. middlemen,- nnd the tender moreles of tlio sweater nro onto!. 