A Thrilling Miming Story. " A MAN gen some queer idea* in his head when he's out all alone in the mountain!," said John Sanderson, an old prospector who fcad hi* headquarter* at El Paso, but crho make* several in cursions into the mining district* every year. Half of them believe in ghosts, nine out ol ten in signs, and about all of them in luck. My own experience ha*' changed my views in a good many par ticulars, and, for one thing, it has made me a firm believer in special pro»i dences. It didn't come about gradu ally, but through as marvellous escape from an awlu! death bs, 1 believe, ever (alls to men. " It happened up in the Mimbres mountains, lour years ago this summer. The Mimbres lie in New Mexico, down below old Fort Tule lloso, and they must be full of gold somewhere, because the beds ol ibe creeks that find their way down the sides are so rich in placer dig* gtngs (hat you can't pull up a sase brosh around there without seeing bright (pecks among the roots. I had a pet theory then that il you followed (be creeks up high enough and looked close enough you would find a tremendous de posit of gold in decomposed quarts. I thought, you see, that a little or it had washed off the surface in the coarse of lime end formed those placers. What I wanted to find was the mother gold. " I talked the thing up to Charley Burke, another prospector and friend of mine, until he agreed to put op half the outfit and join me in the search, We got a couple of burros, the accessary tools, and started early in the spring. The country about the Mimbres is about bs wild and desolate a* any on earth, and it was a trip that nothing but faith and enthusiasm would prompt a man to attempt. It was one succession of gorges, gulcheB, and acclivitie*, all strewn with granite boulders from the si bo of a man's hand to a four-storey blook, and often we were obliged to leave the watercourse we were following and make detours that took days at a time. " Tbe creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently looking lor placers. We found no very rich ones, but everywhere there w&j; gold. Sometimei there would be lot* or it in tbe tin cup after we had taken a drink, and sometimes—here is a curiam thing —5t would be floating on th® Surface. I will let someone who it better potted in tcieuce than 1 tell why gold now and then floats, but I only know tlmt little flakes of it do, end a lot of it is lost in sluice-raining thai way. As long as we found placers we l^new that the main deposit was ahead, so we pushed along, tired enough, but confident. At last we came to aspot where the sand waa bar ren for seven days' journey, and then we began to prospect the country all around. To make a long story short, we struck a ledge one morning with out cropping! that crumbled under my pick, and showed quarte all streaked with yellow threads. ' Charly,' £ yelled out, all afire at once, ' we have struck it.' " Bat before we sunk a shake we found something elie (hat «ent our heart* to our aioutht. It was an old shaft, back a little way and in a claim properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a notification, according to law, on one of the posts, that Peter Sumner and Joseph Klaotzy had taken possession of the ' Big Six' and done the legal ifoessmfent work. I sat right down collapsed, bat Charley wont over to the shaft and came back to tell me that it didn't cover half the amount necessary, under the law, to hold the property for a year. We measured it, and, sure enoogh, it was only down a boat, balf the required distance, so we took possession of the property, changed its name to 'The Treasury,' and went to work. " We built ourselves a rough shwity, rigged up a wiodlan, and began (o sink. In a few days we were in a formation rich enoogh lo make a man's bead swim, and get ling better as we went down. We were both so excited ihftt we be grudged the time to sleep and eat, find neither oi ui meditated for an instant giving the claim up to any body, assessment work or no assess* mem work. What had become of the two men was a mystery. They had left no trace except the notifica tion-board and shaft, and it gdve me the creeps now and then to think thai they might be dead. Bat we were not in a frame of mind to let sentiment interfere with business. "I suppose wo had been there for a couplc of weeks when provisions began to run short. We didn't want to both leave the claim at once, so it was afterwards arranged that ! Charley go down to the creek to a «tnip about 60 miles away and bring a.sopplj*. He took both burros and charted off, I calculated it would take him a week to make' the trip, and time hung heavy on mv. -hffiris, I tried to work a little on tfre shaft. The formation was very hard, and we had rigged up a tort of croai-bar .ladder. I would go qoWto thii, fill ;the bucket, climb to (lie iarface,' and pull it op. "At about noon oltheiecond day dftcr be left 1 was startled at what . I: thboght wat a main drbiaing a little gulch n-hnlf-a-mile h*ay. I only bad a *iuw of it beiween two rocks, and, whatever it was, it passed ao quickly that I was not aure. However, I waited for a couple ol hours, and, then seeing nothing further, concluded I was miataken, | and I went down into the (haft, I filled (he bucket with very heavy; ore, climbed up, and had it about half-way raised when a man came walking up the creek-bed towards me. Then I knew that 1 was right before. " He vraa an ugly-looking cus tomer, big Mid brawny, with a flat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winchester on his arm. I bad a' little aiick that I flipped into the windlass handle near the akle 10 keep it from turning backward, and, leav ing the b'jcke! just were it waa, sus pended hall way op, I started to ward the cabin to get my arms, lie covered me with his repeating ri0e and ordered me to halt." '•' What are you doing on my claim ?' he aaid. "' I reckon ^'00 can see," I re plied, putiing good a face on it as r possibly could. "' You mean you've jumped it, you cursed thief?' "' No, I don't. There wasn't j enough to work on it to hold it, and it was as much mine as anybody*.' " ' You lie.' " He looked at me over the sights with his wicked greenish eyes for fully a minute. Then he said : «4 Did you ever pray V " • Yes,' I faltered. "Then pray now. I'll give you two minutes to do it.' " By that time tny mind was clear enough to take in the whole situa tion, and I had no doubt but be in tended to murder me theu and there. With me out of the way, there would be no one to testily to the insufficient work, and I would simply be re garded, if the story ol my death was ever told, as « claim- jumper who had been justly dealt with. I felt my kneea -begin to tremble and tried another track." "' If you kill me,' I said, ' my partner will be back and see that you hang for it.' "--I'll fix your partner the same way, you daim-juraping cur.' " True enough. Nothing would be easier than to assassinate Burke on bis return, and we had so jealously guarded the secret of. our trip that no one would know ^-whpre to search for us. We would-'-simply disap pear, as iiuqdreds of prospectors do, never to .be seen by'inen again, and speedily to be forgotten. I had no hope of mercy from the instant I looked into ,'lie man'a cruel face. I felt with a sickening quulm and a wild drumming it* my ears that my timo had come.' j "'Ob, for heaven'* sake, don't murder me V I cried, ' I will go.' "The man made no teply. For a moment my head swatn, and then, with, a sudden return ol vision (hat was excruciating in its clearness, I saw him stoop slightly, rest the gun-barrel over the wind lass handle, and marked even that slight contraction of the eyelid that always just precedes a shot. The next imtant there was a crash, an explosion, and a cry all mingled into one. I saw the man turning head over heels down the embank ment, the Winchester flying through a cloud of smoke into the air, and all the while heard a loud, monot onous whirring noise (hat was like soine gigantic clock running down. " I did not realise it at the time, but this is what bad happened: When he re$ted his gun across the .windlass he dropped ihe barrel right across (be little stick I bad thrust in to prevent it tumbling, and knocked it out. 1 suppose the bucket ot ore weighed 1501b., and the great iron handle swinging clear around gained such terrific momentum that when it struck him square in (he face, which it did, it lifted him off his feet like a cannon ball. The gun was discharged by the shoe, b ut the bullet went no* where near me. Before 1 regained my senses I heard the bucket strike the bottom with a smash. " When I picked up the man lie was unconscious, but moaning a little, and the blood trickling out of his cars. His gnn was broken. He lay at the cabin for a week or two, and alter Charley got back we managed to get him to Silver City. There the doctors put his tacc in a sort of plaster of paris cast, but, although the wound healed, he was out ot liis head, and eventually died. The night before he passed; away lie motioned for a little slate' lie used to writo on, for he couldn't j speak. Ho was very weak, and it] took' him a long time, but at last ! he ecrawled: ' "' Who bit mo ?' j " Before they could toll him, -ho fainted away. The mine ? Oh, the mine pinched out after a while and, disappointed us. I sold my internet to Burke, and, I think, after working it for ajlsjwylie gave ,it up in disgust and moVgd away," J—Mexican Paper. 