HOSPITAL SUNDAY. Tfce znnsnsi collections on behalf of the local Charities were mice in the majorisy of tbe Churches yesterday, but the exceptions fortius were larger than customarily. The Wesfayanx have of fate years stand c-c; tor Parade Sunday, and this time tfcey have had as aliy in the Bible Christians. Tfce LtstbeiacshiviiotUy worship in use last uocay in toe mouui sney men take up the rarAriiso&sn;, and liberally donate tfce whole amount Last year the Sxlv&rien; Array collected 15, bat they bad do ancoun ce ment made, so bare deferred tie coliection for another day. It frequently occurs that rain fails on Hospital Sunday, and this was so yester day, hut not at hoars to deter wonbippers attending tfce services, for if did cot occur till after the morning services, acd though copious in tbe afternoon if cleared up before sucse:, and the evecirg was dry. It will be seen from tie returns below that Sz. Slary s Church beads tie Hsi with LIT, a littl- above Cfcrii. Cfcuscc. The Presfcyteriaas come rex: in order with L8 12s. Tie total amount so far received is L57 2s 5d, which fa slightly in excess of fast yeir. The collect: ocs in 1878 were L37 Ss 85 : 1879. L27 Ss 7d ; 1&8<i, L4i Is 0-i ; 1881. L32 4s 7c ; 1882, L2S 10s lid : 1883, L35 Ss for ; JS84, L39 7s ; l&o;, LIS, 5s 3d ; 1585. L35 Ifis 7<L ST. KSSiS CEITECH. The Rev. Father Allen, wbo officiated at both aervicea, preached in the evening irora tfce pas sage, Slatthew 28th cbap. l&tii; verse — " Teach ye all catiorts, fcap:faicg them in the name of tbe Father, znd of tfce S;n. and of the Holy Ghost." Upon this text he expounded the virtue of charity, and she love to our neighbour. God is charity, and it was necessary to have cots- trfbau-jns to tfce Hospital and Benevolent Asylum to obtain the Government grant. He demonstrated tfce charity of the Trinity in each of tfce divine persons, tfce charity of the Father in the Creadon, the charity of tfce S-n in the redemption of man, the charity of the Holy Ghost in the sanctifirarioD. He then p-rsceeded with an appeal to hfa hearers so snake an ample renins for the charity to the blessed Trir.ity for the excessive charity towards them. Let them love their neighfcoara as themselves, as God commands for Hfa sake, on t-efcalf of tfce diseased and tfce destitute brethren. He exhorted them to rat/scribe liberally towards the institutions, zed expressed 3 prayerful hope that tbe Al mighty will reward them in proportion to their offerings to Hfa poor children. Tbe collections were L1L C HEIST CHCtCH. The Rev. J. Cirlfale preached last evening from Mark xii chap., 43 verse — "Verily I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast more in than all they which have cast into the treasury." Tfcfa fa ane of the jcdgmes.ts of our blessed Lord upon an incident of His time.whicn contains a kind of paradox, but brings out more strikingly the truth He would convey by the form which He cast His sentence. There in tbe ensrance c-t the Court of tfce women at the Tetuple stood the treasure boxes (thirteen in tuimber as Josephus tells cs), and the entrance through this outer Court into the more sacred apartm;nt« of tfce Temp'e were wont 0 testify their devotion by depositing in these boxes un solicited their gifts to the maintenance cf the Jttocse ot Goa, acd such other chvitties as fell within the province of the Governor of tbe Temple to deal with. Jesus with Hfa disciples «t<»3 near them, and observed the rich drop their bandfuis of coins into the trumpet-shaped ap- ertare?, in the treasure chests, and pass on to heir devotions wichin. Following hard upon fbeir footsteps came a widow, described by St. Matthew as psoor, and by St. Luke as in distress. She bears to the box two little brass ours, so small that taken together would not equal half of a farthing in our money. Who has done most this day for the Lord's treasury ? Tfce treasurer would say tbe rich, but one wit ra a keener perception of bounty arid a deeper knowledge of motive differs from him. The most liberal donor to the Lord tills day was the pinched widow with her two sleuder coins. Cm we form any notion of the basis of this judgment We can. He who pro nounced it bas appended the reasons thereto. It wa3 a real sacrifice in the literal sense of the wtrd — a hallowed offering, and in the modern acceptation of the woid she had to de prive herself to bestow it. Further, the widow's ouering was larger insn the others 111 proportion to their respective means. You are to-day to remember that a level contribution is not asked from yon, but one proportionate to your means. Go into your lives, aud weich their blessings. Take into account the comfort and brightness of your homes, the plenty of your bc/ards, the bright, laughing eyes of healthy children, answering love with love — tbe tender grace of the wife by your side, the mercies that have crowned your career, the wealth that has rewarded your labours ; then — " If thou last much give plenteously, aiid if thou hast little do thy diligence gladly to give of that little." Look away — The sick, the aged, the destitute, the outcast raise their pleading eyes to you, and stretch forth their bauds in God's name to claim your grateful offering to Him. This scene in the Temple over eighteen centuries fa to fce repeated with other accidents, but tbe same essentia points. The rich and the poor are here, and presently you will make your offering. The same eye fa on you as 1800 years ago in Jerusalem. The eaine judgment will be passed on your gifts. Take heed then what you do. Let not the rich pervert Scripture to cover a mean discharge of duty by calling their gift a widow's mite. Christ does not ask you for a mite. You are to give as it has bet-n given unto you, and you poor put in as you are able. Do not fear that Christ will think little of yoar offering if it cannot vie with that "t your more fortunate neighbours. Let it be said of your gifts as of the widow's in tfce Gospel — : " Verily, I say unto you that the poor widow hath cast more in than they which have cast into the treasury." The morning text was taken from Luke, 19th chap. 10th verse — "For the Son of Man fa come to seek and to save that which was lost." The collections amounted to L10 Is 5d. FKESBrTEHlAX CHURCH. The Rev. Dr. M'Cay preached in the morning from Matthew cfc.xrr:, v. 40— "And the King shall answer and say unto them : " Verily, verily, I say .unto you, inasmuch as yo have done it unto one of the least of these, My brethren, ye liavo done it unto Me.'" It is veil for us to remombor that while doctrines and forms of wor ship aro important, they are only the body of religion, and that as_ the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. Such is a Church without brotherly kindness and Clirist like charity. It is the design of Christ to lift all men into Sonship to God, and brotherhood with each other. When He appeared upon the earth there was nothing liko the modern sentiment of sympathy with suf ferers and compassion for the poor. Yet there was nover more need for Christian charity. In the time of Cicero, 12 per cent, of the popula tion of Italy were supported at the public ex pense, and, a little later, 110 less than 33 per cont. J ulius Cresar found three-fourths of the population of Rome dependent upon the public purse. But the Imperial bounty cannot be regarded as true charity, for tho governing powors depended largely on tho favour of the crowd, and the bread and games which they furnished were a sop thrown to Cerberus. There were, however, individual instances of genuine humanity. Wo cannot conceive a moro beauti ful epitaph than that written 011 the tomb of a Roiuun lady (a heathen) — "Mother to all men, and giving help to all, she made 110 ono Bad." But the organised charities of modern Europe, and the numerous privato benefactions which murk its history, aru duo to the teaching and the example of Christ., Ho did not, indeed, say much about alms-giving, but He taught men their responsibility for every word and deed, and put their obligation to help each other 011 tho basis of a great family affection. All men were sons of God by original destination, and might bocome so in fact by faith iu Ilim. Thenceforward they were raised above the necessity of ' abject submission to' any powor, civil or ecclesiastical, but tlioy were 011 that account all the moro -bound' to -'help each other a3 brethren.' Tho state of modern Europe is so far advanced beyond that of tho; old Roman Empire that it might bo said— "Old things havo passed array, nil things have become now." Still, wo aro far from realising the dosire of Christ concerning the world. But thine who cuter into His life of ministering helpfulness to men will reap a great reward, and its greatness will not be fully and clearly understood until they hoar from Him the gracious words — "In-' asmuch as yo did it unto ono of the least of those, My brethren, ye havo done it unto Me." Tho collections amounted to L8 12s.- : | . . ; h ; congregational church. The sermons proached by tho Rev E. Stoggall were not specially devoted to the subject of benevolence, as that gentleman is only tempor arily supplying tho pulpit. I11 the . morning he addressed himself to tho matter of holiness, taking as his text 2 Cor., 7 chap, 1 verso— "Having thoroforo theso promises let ub cleanse ourselves from all filtliiness of tho Spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God." Ho stated that it was often thought and said that such un exhortation as the text coutainod was considered as outsido tho bounds of practical re ligion. That it was often felt ovon by the most sincere as an attainment too high to reach. But wliilBt this was commonly felt it arose mostly from the facts that men were more .in fluenced by tho examples around them than by the perfect example of JeBUB Christ, arid that holiness was often misunderstood. Ho pro ceeded to bIiow its meaning — purity, and separa tion from that which was ungodly, enforcing it by rofcrunces to the life aud character of Christ. Therefore, tho Christian Bhould work to attain it. The injunction was accompanied by showing how it might be obeyed, and then the encouragements that stimulated the effort. God would receive and adopt as His own children all who made tho endeavour to perfect holi ness trusting to the help of the Holy- Spirit. In tho evening the discourso was baked on the words, " Sin coucheth at the door, aud behold 1 stand at the door and knock." The contrast was drawn between sin ever linking and gaining admission by .cunning and stealth into the human heart, thus utterly turning every gift of God from its original intention, and making it subservient to the power of the Evil One, and Christ seeking to onter and direct all human energies towards God. , In the one . case the end was such as Cain's, in tho other Eternal Life. Tho amount kof tho collection was L2 10s. primitive methodist church. In the morning the Rev. R. Allen officiated. Tho text was Micah, Gth chap. 8th verso — "Ho hath showed thee, O man, what is good ; and what doth tho Lord require of thee but to do justly, arid to lovo mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God ?" Divine revelation shows every man his duty to himself and all othors, re quires the loving exercise of mercy to the suf fering, ueedy,and fallen— demands that our daily lives bo virtuous, pure, and devout, and fur nishes examples and instructions to encourage us to " walk humbly with thy God." In the ovoning, Mr Honry Everett -was the preacher. The text was from tho 4th chnp. of Mark, tho subject hoing the Parable of tho Sower, In the course of his remarks, tho preacher stated that Christian efforts were always rowarded. God was a good paymaster, and concluded an nble sermon by exhorting Christians to be zealous in good work. Tho collection amounted to L2 5s. baptist church. In the evening tho congregation at this Church was quite on a par with the weather. Tho Rev. IV. A. IVhitney prenched an expository Borinon 011 Matthew 12th chap., 46th verso, to ond — " While he yet talked to the poople, behold his mother and his brethren stood without, desiring to speak with him." It showed that while no man can look for goodness where tho root is ovil, and that which springs from naturo must follow naturo, yot natural relations could neither hinder or assist Balvatiou, and that obedience to tho will of God was more binding to Christ than tho closest earthly re lationship. Thoso only who did the will of God wore fitted to be Christ's brethren. Tho collection amounted to LI 14s. TRINITY CIIUUCII, CAMPBELLS CItEEK. The Rev. J. Carlisle preached an eloquent ser mon on Charity in tho afternoon, and the result of the offertory was LI. . , 