RSK. IFR M ,.I . w s r','It .-Pt , R '.T I The 1..I Toul.r, ulh. m.ot. Htth brl :r,:ld..l. Iant o'..nl. ic rlou i, , it. -co t'ot covre. Ilis naim it Edward, riot ?t, '. The ',amoo gi ',n }'in,,m i orr,lr--4o,:rgo" c cl:. tt',.re. The concert in aid of the Esk and Biarra Cricket Clubs, held in the Assembly, Hall here on the 27th lnstant, was very succeseful-so much so, that monthly concerts are likely to be held here in future. So much for the patronage of the public, without which amateur comedians or their entertainments fall through generally. The laughter caused by the "darkies" went far to prove correct the quotation from Rudthra- "A little nonsense, now and then, Is relished by the wisest men." Part 1 was a laughable comedy in black, entitled "Guy Fawkes ye Twoth." The characters were Ar. Knowall, by Mr. T. Pryde; Pelucinda (his daughter), Mr. English: Jemima (her servant). Mr. J. Pryde; Peter Pipkin (in love with Pelucinda). Mr. Bennessy. Mr. P. Pryde, as the old gent, Atr. KnowaUn. acted his part to perfection : and the ser- vant. Jemima and the rest were very funny. and re ceived thunders of applause. Part 2 commenced by Mr. Buestin singing " My Old Friend John" in good style, accompanied by Miss O'Brien, who, acoem. panied by Miss Lord, then sang " Pierrot," and received well-merited applause. Miss Burman,. who has a remarkably sweet voice, sang " No, Sir," being ably and artistically accompanied by Miss O'Brien. Mr. English followed, in nigger character, with " Mary's gone wide coon." He was accompanied by Mr. T. Pryde, and was vociferously encored. "Kath. leen Mavourneen," sung by Miss O'Brien, was considered by many of those present to be the gem of the evening. Mr. Woodcraft was down on the programme, but unfortunately did not sing. By special request, " The torpedo and the whale" was given by Messrs. English, T. and J. Pryde, in nigger character, and was "immense," beingencored to the echo, and the darkies were recalled, when they gave "There was a farmer had two sons," which pleased the audience greatly, and was also loudly encored. Miss Barman then sang "A bird in the hand," which was well received. Mr. 8. Marshall sang the "Empress of the waves" in so creditable a manner . as to receive the usual favours of applause, bhut, uan fortunately, he had no one to accompany him on the piano. Mr. Thompson's song, "Remember or for. get." was well received, and was well acompanied on the piano by Miss Lord. This ooaclauded part 2. In the interval, the Rev. J. F. Leighton moved a vote of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who had so kindly taken the trouble and tame to render their services for the success of the evening's entertain. meat, and also expressed his thanks to the nadience for their presence and patronage, and for the support they were indirectly giving t, the oricket club, He felt sure that all present were both pleased and highly amused through the efforts made by the pro. moters of the concert. A vote of thanks to the various helpers was then carried by acclamation. The intermission ended, the third part of the pro. gramme was gone through--namely, "'Grandmother's Ghost." The characters were:--Aune Ctoe, Mr, Hennessy: Jim, Mr. English; Sam, Mr. T. Pryde. Jim was impersonated extremely well. The make. up of Aunt Chloe was n.uch admired. Mr. T. Pryde, as S?r, was as funny as ever, sad made a oipatal character in the nigger line. The whole "easte" caused screams of laughter and intense amusement. The National Anthem concladed the programme, which was quite as successful as the last concert, and, I believe, from a financial point of view, quite satisfactory, 