FAREWELL TO ENGLISH DELE GATES. A crowded public meeting was held in the North Adelaide Congregational Ghuroh on Wednesday evening, September 28, to bid farewell to Dr. ft. W. Dale and Mr. Albert Spicer, the delegates from the Congregational Union of England and Wales to the Inter colonial Conference held to celebrate the jubilee of Congregationalism in Sooth Aus tralia. The meeting was preceded by a tea in the lecture ball, which attracted a large gathering. A spacious temporary platform had been erected in the Church for the accommodation of speakers and the repren Bentatives of various religious bodies. The Bev. F. W. Cox presided. The CHAIBMAN having spoken, a farewell address, referring to the labours of Dr. Dale and Mr. Spicer on behalf of the Congrega tional Jubilee movement, was read. The CHIEF JUSTICE said it appeared to him to have been a singularly happy arrangement, having regard to Congregational principles and to the history of Independency in these colonies, that one of the representatives of the Congregational Churches ui England and Wales to the Chnrches of South Australia should be a layman; and he thought every one must agree that the choice was a happy one when it fell on a Nonconformist: who was loyal to tbe Church of his fathers, and one whose carriage had not carried hitn p&Bt; the Chapel or the meeting-house toaChurch with a more aesthetic worship or with greater social prestige. (Cheers.) Coining to Dr. Dale, be was sure they would all agree with that be was the most distinguished minister of religion who had viBited South Australia since the visit of the Bev. Thomas Biuney. (Hear, hear.) When he said that he did not forget that they had had a viBifc from the Bishop of Manchester. Dr. Moorhouae was certainly the most eloquent platform speaker to whom he had listened in Australia or anywhere with the exception of John Bright; but, after all, bis position as a theologian was not comparable to that of Br. Dale, and in addition the platform which be had spoken from in Australia was a provincial and colonial one, while Dr. Dale addressed two hemispheres. (Cheers.) Dr. Dale's public utterances in South Australia had been quite worthy of his high repntation, whether they began with that noble dis course in which be justified the ways of God to man, or to that admirable sketch of Con gregational history whioh he gave on the previous evening, and which induced them to hope that he would direct hie great powers to the writing of a worthy history of religiouB thought during the last fifty or 100 years. (Cheers). The Kevs. Dr. PATON, W. B, JTLETCHEB, and S. HEBDITCH also spoke. Mr. SPICEB said-I oonfess that I agree very cordially with the Chairman in the ex pression that it is difficult to remember that it iB now nearly a month ago since you gave us the first weloome at the Adelaide Railway Station, followed by that wonderfni welcome in the Town Hall a few days afterwards, and that we have now come to bid farewell to one another. You, Bir, have referred to the mingled feelings with whioh yon have antici pated these meetings. I oan assure yon for my part that our feelings were very mingled also. I often wondered while on the voyage out why it was I had accepted the Invitation tbat Mr. Searle had brought to me in vonr name. But when I accepted it I did so because I believed it was more than an invitation, that it was a o≪, and looking at the long conneotion which I had had through my honoured father with the colonies, looking at the faot tbat those conneoted with me in business were willing to do my work during my abaenoe. it teemed to me that the hand of Providence pointed in the direction of Australia, and to Australia I came, and I certainly speak with very mingled feelings to-night. On the one side I will not hesitate to say that 1 am some what glad that mv speaking in South Australia is over. I think u you work all your laymen aa hard as you worked me during the last week, ani give them preaching to do as you hare me, thev would feel as I do now. (Applause.) But there is a sad side to it in the fact that we are now oompelled to look forward to leaving our many friendB. Speaking for my wife as well as for myself I am sure we shall never forget the kindness we have received from every one while we have bees in yoar city. The work, I freely admit, has been hard, not so much on account of the meet ings or even of. the preparation for the meetings, as on account of the kindness shown by everybody making it necessary almost for ua to have three or four more hours iu a day to enable as to get through our engagements, and I am snre yon will forgive me if I say that whilst I cannot mention all the names of those who have treated na BO well I rejoice exceedingly that on this platform is one who has been to us the very dearest friend throughout this visit. I refer to His Honor the Chief Justice. (Cheers.) We came into his house by his invitation as strangers from the old country, bnt so unvarying has been his kindness from that moment until now that the other day when I sent a message to him that we were coming back from Fort Pirie, I felt that the only words I oould say were, " We are coming home." (Cheers.) We are not accustomed to use such wordB as these nnlesB onr feeling goes with the words. (Hear, hear.) I thank him very heartily, both on my own behalf and in the name of my wife and those we represent. I folly realized, however, that in receiving the welcome I have received at yonr hands and in receiving the kindneBB yon have shown to us I ought not to accept this as the treatment of an individual. I accept it because I have the honour and the privilege to represent thousands of laymen in England and of being a delegate from the Congregational Union of England and Wales, and beyond that because L have the good fortune to hold a name that has been known now for some generations in connection with I trust all that is best in Congregational Church life. (Cheers.) I do not hesitate to eay this visit will tend to draw closer the ties which bind this country with the old mother oountry. It ia perfectly trne, not only in Birmingham, but in different parts of England, that many are reading news from Australia who in the ordinary way are not accustomed to read such intelligence. A new interest is created with members of families and members of the Churches by means of these visits, and I know, speaking for my own Church, that Australia-although 1 am glad to say it has already many ties which bind our Churoh to this and the other colonies-will have a new interest in the hearts of those people because of ail we shall be able to tell them of your work and of your love. Some one haB hinted that at any rate Dr. Sale and I were not jealous of one another as a deputation. (Cheers and laughter.) Certainly I know my good friend Dr. Dale has no need to be jealous of me, for 1 have equally with yourselves ap ?reciated the privilege of hearing him speak, do not often have that privilege in Eng. land, and it has been one of the joys of my voyage out that 1 have been with him day by day, and have listened to hiB words.'and I trust that we may all be better for what we have heard from hiB lips and for the example which he sets us. It has been my misfortune several times owing to his kindneBB during this visit to stand between the meeting and Dr. Dale, and I have tried to UBe that privilege with discretion and I intend to do so again to-night. I thank yon again for the kindness you have shown to us, and I pray that all that has been said may receive divine blessing. (Cheers.) I have tried-1 can say it before God-to be Bimply myself, 1 have tried to speak out the experience of my own heart and life, and I can desire nothing greater or grander for those who with me are grow in? up and will have to take year by year a greater share of responsibility not only of home life, not only of commercial life and of the public life of this oonntry, when I say that I trust the result of these meetings will be that we shall all appreciate that we have a higher calling, that God has called us to a noble position, that He has entrusted each one of ua with a servico for Aim, and that as we exert ourselves in His name, He will enable UB to be blessings to those with whom we come in contact and blessings to the country in which we live. (Cheers.) Dr. DalB( received with cheers, said-I am sometimes in the habit when I am at home of saying that with many great and noble qualities we of the English raoe are oon BpicuouB for one great defect. We are afraid to tell each other how muoh affection, and how much eBteem, and how much reBpect we cherish for those with whom we are associated. I sometimes quote a phrase which I found somewhere a great many years ago "Love me and tell me so," and I am inclined to think that on the other side of the world English people need to be reminded of the duty of letting those whom they love know of their affection. Whether it is owiag to the sunnier skieB under which you are said to live-(laughter)-or to some other cause I am unable to determine; but, at any rate, you seem in parting from the mother country to have escaped from that hereditary imper fection of our race, (Cheers.) Whilst listening to the very generous words of the address, which I gratefully acknowledge, and to the extremely kind speeches which have been delivered since the address was handed to me, I have been reminded of something that happened to me a great many years ago, and which 1 have often recalled since. When 1 was a very young man-not quite 20 and still a student-I was asked by Mr. J. A. James, whose colleague i subsequently became, and whose successor I now am, to preaoh for him on one Sunday morning. I am bound to say I think he asked me by mistake. (Laughter.) I was not then in the *' preaching olaBs," and aa my friends on the platform who have been at our English Colleges know, the impression in England is that until a Btudent has been in the preaching class it cannot be expected that he should be able to preach. However,Ipreached. Itwason the first Snnday of the month, and Mr. JameB delivered an address at the Lord's Supper afterwards, in which he referred very generously to the sermon he had just listened to. One of the founders of Sprinehill College was an old lady of great sagacity and kind ness, to whom I liked to listen when she told me about the experience of her early life daring the latter part of last century. 1 nad u message from her on the Monday morning that she wanted to speak to me. 1 called, and for half an hour she said nothing of exceptional importance, but bb I rose to go she said " Oh, my dear, I hear that Mr. James said some kindly things about your sermon in his address at the Lord's Supper, Well, you must not mind; it is only bis way." (Laughter.) The tone of profound sympathy in which she expressed herself touched my heart, and when 1 used to listen to him afterwards speaking of me as he was apt to speak in his generous manner, I often thonght of her, and while I have been listening to the words of exoessive generosity which have fallen from the lips of my friends to-night I have thought of her again. (Cheers and laughter.) I am very grateful to them for all their kindness, and I should like to take this opportunity of expressing my sense of obligation to many who are not here to-night who have shown to Mrs. Dale and to my daughter and to myself very great courtesy and very great kindness since we came to jour beautiful city. It is rather dangerous, amid suoh a - crowd of friends, specially to refer to any, but I Bhould like to acknow ledge the conrtesy we have received from His Excellency the Governor-(cheers)-from the Bishop of Adelaide-(cheers)-from the Mayor of Adelaide, and other distinguished citizens; from Sir Samuel Davenport, and from Mr. J. H. Angas, to whom principally we owe a most interesting journey upcountry, and from whom I received, whilst Bitting at bis aide on the box of the ooaoh, a moBt interesting and ohanning account of the early days of this colony and the services whioh bis father had rendered here. (Cheers.) Mr. Alexander Hay and other gentlemen have also shown as great considera tion. Bat, Sir, I most be allowed, even after what my friend Mr. Spicer has said oonoern ing His Honor the Chief Justice, specially to refer to the unexampled and unmeasured kindness which he has been showing us since we have been here. He is endowed indeed I have discovered that he has many varied accomplishments, but I venture to say that one of his most coospicaous qualities is a positive geniuB for hospitality. (Cheers.) At his table we have been enabled to meet many of the most distinguished men of your public and political life. I must confess that I am a little uncertain about the results of the extremely pleasing conversations that I have had with those gentlemen. I knew something about Australia when I landed at Hobart about five weeks ago, but as the result of listening to them-well, to-night I feel that I have no opinions at all. (Laughter.) I shall have to wait for a few weeks for all that I have heard to settle down and take form. At present my thought is in a very chaotic condition about many of the most important questions about this colony in which I am interested. Bow long the process of evolution will take before chaos will pass into cosmos I am not prepared to prediot. (Cheers.) iBhouldlike also to refer to the very great kindness that we have received from Mr, and Mrs, Fletcher. I eBteem it to be one of the moBt felicitous circumstances con nected with my visit here that I have come to know Mr. Fletcher, of whom of course I have heard for many years past, hut whom I have not had the pleasure of meeting Bince that time when I inspired him with bo much awe. (Cheers and laughter.) And I see one gentleman in this audience to- night to whom 1 must be allowed to refer, who is mainly responsible for my being here at all. I cannot express my sense of obligation to Mr. Searle for the unwearied-I will say for the affectionate-kinkness that he has Deen showing to us ever since we came to Ade laide, and for the incessant anxiety he has shown to make our visit to this colony agreeable to ns. (Cheers.) Well, you have been good enough to say in the addresB that has been submitted to us that yon are grateful for our visit._ Let me speak frankly and say that I think here and there I have discovered same indication of disappointment. There has been on the part of many-not a few at leaBt of those with whom I have spoken-an extreme anxiety that 1 should express some opinion in public concerning questions on which the publio life of this colony ,ia agitated. It BeemB to be the impression here that I spend most of my time in England in conducting an assault on one of the moBt venerable institutions of the country. It is true that I feel it my duty to take part in the great agitation for the disestablishment and disendowment of the Anglican Church. (Cheers.) I have joined in that agitation under a grave sense of religious duty,but, as 1 have ventured to say before, it is altogether a misapprehension to suppose that my chief Btrength and my chief time are devoted to that agitation. 1 also engage in many educational controversies, and, what affordB me much greater pleasure to look back upon, in the administration of great educational institutions; and perhaps it is not unnatural that some of those who know bnt little of my public life in Bngland should expect me when I came here to discuss economical and political and educational questions here. Well, I have avoided them all, and I intend to avoid them, for many reasons. (Hear, hear.) You know a great deal more about England, no doubt, than I know when I came here about South Aus tralia, but, with the utmost respect for the men who stand in the very forefront of the public life of this colony. I venture to say that if they came to discuss with us in England questions on which the public mind there is divided, we should be certain to find in what they said many indications that they were not familiar with the forms the controversies had assumed at home of late. Not until I had been in South Australia many months should I be in a position to discuss seriously the topics which are dividing the politicians and public men in thiB colony. I have a great dread of talking about things I know nothing about, and therefore, so far as your public contro versies are concerned, I came to learn what I could rather than to teach, and I may say further that while to me questions relating to the development of a free and rich and noble municipal life, questions relating to the development of a great and comprehen sive system of public education, have the very keenest interest _ at home, there are other questions which there as here transcend them infinitely in interest and im portance for me; and it seemed to me there fore that for a tew months I might throw off the yoke and choose my own part-that I was under no obligation here to touch the exciting and troubled questions that I am nnder an obligation to to'uch at home, and that I was free to speak to you on those matters about which I care moBt, and about which I was sure I was able to speak nnder a strange sky moat wirely and moBt effectu ally. (Cheers.) Differences grave and serious contrast your public life with outs. The same questions assume different forms at home and here, and although there are great oentral truths which ' I think should determine the solution of these qnestionB everywhere, I am old enough in publia life to feel this, that men who aiecuss great questions in the air with out touching facts are not likely to speak with great advantage to those who listen to them. (Hear, hear.) Bnt BO far as those great truths and obligations and hopes are concerned of whioh I have apoken, those are the same in every clime: those are the same among people of every race, and 1 was sure that speaking in the name of CbriBt concerning those things whioh I trusted Christ had taught me to those who alio had sat at His feet, you would recognise for yourselves our common kinship to Hun. What I^have learned you had been sure that under'the^llumination of the 'spirit you wonld rejoice to listen to me, as I in my turn would rejoice to learn from you what had before been but imperfectly known to me. (Hear, hear.) Row, at this closing meeting there are a few things which I shoulc. like to speak about, but I limit myself to one or two. I should like to speak to those associated with the Congrega tional Churches in this colony concerning a subject discaseed at the recent Conferenoe, but which I was not able to refer to then. I hear a great deal in this colony from Congre gational ministers and others about Congre gational Church life in the absence of ecclesias tical conflict, and sometimes there has been a faint suggestion that it is rather a disadvantage to Congregational Churches to be exempted from ecclesiastical conflict. Let me say just for a moment that you ought to thank God from your very hearts that yon have not to carry these con flicts on. (Hear( hear,) Ton are not fight ing for freedom-freedom is won, and yon have to use it. In the old country our whole ecclesiastical life is inflaenoed more or less injuriously by conflicts forced upon us by our position. I need only refer to the poli tical aspectof the controversy on thepartolthe free Churches, which sometimes appears to lead people to forget that we are not struggling for political ends, but are struggling for tbe assertion of the Congrega tional Churches that to the Lord Jesus alone are we responsible, and to Him alone should we lock for the development of Church life and for ecclesiastical action. Now, yon are in no danger of being absorbed by the political interests of the struggle in which the free Churches of England are engaged. Yon are left free to develop in your Churches that reverence for the supreme authority of Christ which con stitutes the life and strength and glory of the Churches who heartily recognise it. We in England are living under great disadvan tages. We have had to protest, we have been forced to protest, through generation after generation, against what we regard as certain false conceptions of the power and functions of the Christian sacraments which are found in the offices of the Anglican Church, which is the established Church at home. The result of that has been, as I think, to drive us into a position which it is extremely difficult to maintain and to justify in relation to the saoraments. In onr intense anxiety to escape from what we believed to be a false attribution of power to the sacra ments of the Church, we have been led, as I believe, to empty tbem largely of their trne meaning and force. We have departed very far from the position in relation to the sacra ments that was held by the founders of Independency 300 years ago, by great theo logians who gave glory to the name of In dependency under the Commonwealth, and I am not sure whether many of our Churches will not continue to retain their falee posi tion until the controversy with the Anglican Church as an establishment is over. When any Church is driven to oppose a great error in another Church it is only too likely to forget the trnth that underlies that error and to exaggerate its protest against the eviL (Hear, hear.) One thing I venture to say with profound respect to my Christian brethren ol all Churches who are present in this audience. I suppose you are in danger, all of you, in consequence of the exceptional conditions of your Churoh life, of underestimating the importance of de veloping the intellectual and theological life of your Church. There is atendenav at home to depreciate the importance of theology. I don't identify theology with religion. All human creeds are but faint and imperfect attempts to express divine mysteries, but the intellect has its rights in religion as well as in every other province of man's activity, and it is an insult to the human intelleot to throw scorn on theology and to imply that tbe intelleot cannot express in definite form some of the divine truths which have been revealed. (Hear, hear.) I don't believe that any Christian Church will ever exert its true authority over the thought of its time unless its intellectual life is active as well as its ethical and spiritual life. There has been a strange disposition to depreciate the functions of the intellect in relation to religious truth. But look back to the best times of our own Chnrches-look back to the best times of the Presbyterian Churches, and you will discover in those days that men did not merely fight with a great passion for the glory of] Grod. for the Balvation of mankind, but that they felt that the noblest and most glorious function of the intellect of man was to explore those provinces of divine truth which may be discovered if only we liBten to the teaching of the Holy OhoBt, and consider the revelation whicb God has made of Himself in Christ. There is a certain intellectual indolence, I believe, creeping over the Church of our times that makes it indisposed to pursue those great and heroic intellectual functions, and until Christians discover that great theologians have their place in the Cburch as well as great preachers, I believe the best days of the Christian Cburch will never be restored. (Hear, hear.) I ask this of you who have influence snd authority among the Churches of these colonies to resolve not to be content with merely popular religious thought. Cultivate to the utmost of jour possibilities theologioal science in the interest of the higher life of the Church. (Cheers.) Well, we are here to say farewell. I feel that to us who are heirs of immortality, who abide in Christ, and in whom Christ abides, that there are no real farewells on earth, lean imagine that even in the perfect life above some of UB may deBire to venture out into regions of God's great nniverse that others may not care to explore-to do so with the happy and certain hope of meeting those whom we have left behind, not only in the fulneBS of the life which they possessed whg we parted with them, but with that life richer and more robust, with new splendour on their brow, and new and richer joy in their hearts, to be snre of finding those from whom for a little time we had parted not only standing fast in their loyalty to God, living in the light of His presence, but receiving more and more of His infinite and eternal life. And such farewells are those that we Christian people bid each other on earth. We are not to be parted because we shake each other's bands. By and-by those who belong to the old country will have returned; but the life we reoeive is a common life, which has itB roots in one divine person. We are going to meet again, if only we allow the strong and loving hand of Christ to keep as. It lies with each of us to determine whether this shall bs a farewell or not. Through Christ's grace we may rely on being kept bo near to himself that although we may never meet again under these Australian skies, or on the soil of the old mother land, we may yet meet in a fairer world than this. We are not going to be divided between now and time. We grasp hands again before the throne of God. Life is blended with life in these meetings and services that we have held together. Ton have spoken to God and entreated Him to let His Spirit rest upon us, and in answer to your prayers I believe His Spirit has revealed to us together the glories of tbe same lifeand the splendours of the same infinite grace. Those whose lives have thus been fused even for a little time under the fire that fails from heaven cannot be sepa rated. We are one not only in Christ, as all those are one who have been thrown into nnion with Him by the power of the Holy Ghost, but one because we have shared the same experience in His presence, and have received together gifts from His bands. Do yon suppose, however far they may have been separated from each other, that those who met in the upper-room at Jerusalem could ever afterwards live an isolated and indepen dent life ? Waa not the life of every one of" the Apostles blended with the life of every other Apostle, because the force of the divine love had retted upon them together and at the same time. They were one, no matter though mountains and oceans divided them; and I shall trust, my dear Christian friends, that even if we are separated by 12,000 miles of ocean von and we who have spoken to you will stul be one. (Loud cheers.) 