GORDON BALTERSTONE ; or THE UNFULFILLED PREDICTION. BY HENRY JOHN CONGREVE. CHAPTER IX. BILL - HIS TROUBLES AND ADVENTURES. It is time now to return to Bill, and see how he fared during the troubles and changes we have narrated during the last few chapters. We left Bill just as he had fallen asleep under the subtle influence of some powerful perfume. Our readers will remember that he had just beheld what appeared to be a scene of enchantment, and he had seen Gordon, at what appeared to be an immense distance, attended by Azalia. Then he saw no more. When he awoke, he was dazed for some time, and could not recognise where he was. As he lay on his back on a couch, looking straight up he beheld a stone vaulted roof from the centre of which hung a tiny, lamp that just made objects visible. He turned first to one side and beheld massive stone walls, and then realised the same stone walls surrounded him. " Here's a rummy go," he said. " Vot's all this. This 'eres not the Bald Faced Stag. Vere am 1 ? Av I made a hass ov myself and broken into the Sultan ov Turkey's harem, and ave they cotched me and put me in this 'ere crib ? Oh !" he continued, as he felt the hard surface of his stony couch. " This ere's too bad. Vot 'ave I done to be put in chokey ?" And then he lay still for a bit. But by and bye, little by little, the whole of his recent past came back to him. His going into the forest with Gordon in the middle of the night, hearing Gordon's signal, his return to the nunnery, the exciting things he had witnessed there, and his brief glimpse of Gordon. Then the matter seemed perfectly clear. " I allus thought that there walking nun was up to some mischief," he said. " This is all their doings, them gypsies. Ghosts be blowed, them's no ghosts, they has too tight a grip. " However, they've got my mate safe and for that matter, they've got me. But, here goes,'' and with that he rose from his couch and attempted to cross the cell. However, before he had gone two yards, he was suddenly pulled up and thrown to the ground. " Hullo," he cried, " what's this 'ere ?" On looking down he found that a small but strong chain was padlocked on to his leg, the other end being fixed to an iron staple in the wall. " Vell," he cried, " here's another go. Blessed if I aint a state prisoner. Vot 'ave I been doin' ? 'Ave I been a Guy Fox trying to blow up the blessed Parliament, or 'ave I been a dynamiting the Prince of Wales and all the Royal Family. Blessed if I know. P'raps I've tried to bust up the Bank of England, or p'raps I'm a member of Parliament bleeding the country to pay my screw. Vell, who knows ? But lor ! I'm precious hungry. I wonder ef they means to let a fellow starve ?" This last reflection stopped his talking for a time. The gravity of the situation from this fresh point of view kept him quiet for a while, and he sat himself on the edge of his couch to think it over. While so doing he nursed the foot round inside the padlocked chain, carefully examining both the lock and the links. " Vell," he muttered at last, " if it wor as easy to get out ov this 'ere crib, as it is to undo this lock," he said, looking at it contemptuously, " I shant be a prisoner for very long. Vy, ef I only 'ad a little bit of wire I'd soon open this 'ere thing." And so he carefully looked around in every direction as far as he could reach. But nothing met his view and once more he sat down to think. Then he sprang up. But the thought that caused his sudden start faded away, and Bill again seated himself on his couch looking curiously about him. But, ever and anon his eyes would return to the chain, and he tried its strength with repeated twitches, but all to no purpose. " Vell," said he, " this is a rummy go as I expect I have said before. Blessed if I ain't chained up like a monkey, an' no nuts to crack. It only vants a horgan and one ov them Eyetalians to make a regular show ov me. I guess though, he continued, " I think an Eyetalian or any sort ov a cove would find, I'd have nuts to crack ef they was 'ere now. Vot are these beggars or gypsies a doing with my mate. Vot as he done that they 'as him lagged like this ? I vonder ow many veeks I've been here ? Lor ! vots the use of thinking - its all luck an' I'll cut my lucky ef I can." This set him thinking again as to how he was to get the chains off his leg. He had been looking about for a piece of wire, but could not find any. Then he found a pin, and for half-an-hour tried to pick the lock with that. But his efforts were in vain for just at the moment when he thought he was going to succeed, the pin would bend or slip round in his hand. At last, he threw it away in disgust, and laid back on his bed, which was covered with coarse rags, such as are used to cover horses. But then he jumped up more quickly than he had laid down. " Vot's that," he cried. " I'm blest, for when the chamber-maid made my bed she's been and laid some pins and needles here. Blest ef I wor'nt a dreaming ; as if someone was sticking pitchforks inter me, and if they aint pitchforks they is something mighty sharp. Let's see vot ye are mate." With that he rose from his couch and proceeded to remove the rugs and carefully examine them. He, however, found nothing until he came to the last one. It was very old and covered with many patches. It had evidently been used as a rug to protect travellers when riding, for there was a loop through which a strap could be passed to hold the rug up to the back of the seat. The original loop or buckle had gone, and in its place was a long twisted bit of stout wire. The moment Bill put his hands on this, he rose from his seat and danced around in as large a circle as his chain would allow, singing at the top of his voice. " This 'eres lucky," he cried. " Now then if I don't leave off bein' ov a monkey never say Bill agen. Ef I gets this off, you bet I'll find a ole to creep out ov, in spite of the walkin' nun. Faugh ! They thinks to fool me vith their flummery - their ghosts and sich like. Vy I could smell the match as clear as mud. It's them there gypsies, and safe as 'errings I'll walk around them." With that he untwisted the wire, and was commencing to make a picklock with it when a sudden noise startled him. Scarcely had he time to put the wire on the stone, cover it with the rugs, and throw himself full length upon his bed when he saw a stone in the opposite wall move. It moved slowly but at last an opening was made, and a fantastically dressed gypsy entered. As soon as he was well within the vault the stone again closed, and the gypsy was alone with Bill. The latter could not see his face for the upper part was covered with a black mask, but he noticed that in one hand he carried a dagger, and in the other a basket. At the sight of the dagger Bill's blood rose. He thought that the gypsy had come to murder him, and that it would be a fight to the death. Bill had plenty of pluck and good muscle, but he was unarmed and he saw that the situation was greatly against him. Nevertheless his eye brightened, and he clenched his hands, and made ready to spring on the intruder should he come within the length of his chain. He thought to himself, " Ef I gets the first chance I may nab his skever an then it'll be bad for 'im. Ef he gets the first dig at me, then I'm as good as cats-meat." The stranger, however, came no nearer than the middle of the floor, and laying down his dagger, all the while keeping his eyes on Bill, proceeded to unload the basket. It did not contain much, but what was there made Bill's mouth water for he was both hungry and thirsty. The basket contained only a loaf of bread, a chunk of cheese, and a quart of water. " Vell, old chap," said Bill, suddenly springing up into a sitting position. " So yer finally thought that I've got a stummic ? Ver as yer been matey ? As yer been a making that glorious spread, or did yer send to Ingy fur it ? Howsomever, better late than never, as the old 'un said ken he married a young vife. Put the privy here vere I can reach it, vill yer ?" The moment Bill suddenly sat up the the gypsy seized his dagger and stood on the defensive. He was evidently alarmed and did not like the look of Bill at all, but when he heard what he said he pushed the victuals forward until they were within his reach. Bill began to eat ravenously and to drink in proportion, and it was some minutes before he spoke again. At last he said :- " I say, old feller, tell us vot yer 'as clapped me in this 'ere vault for, vill yer ?" " I don't know," was the answer. " Gammon," said Bill snapping his fingers, " you don't. Vot am I 'ere for ?" '' I don't know and you had better not ask." " Vell I'm blessed," said Bill, " if this aint singular, in this 'ere land ov liberty. Yer clap a feller into a stone pot and then tells him yer don't no vot fur. Can't yer bring me a pot of beer ? This stuff's cold," he continued shaking his head in disgust after taking a draught. " Vaters all werry good in its way, but when one's in a vault one likes summet to stir the blood. Come old chappie, say sumthin' ef it's only my death varrant as the sailor said." " You need not fear for your life if you'll only keep quiet," said the visitor. " Vell, that's a mercy," Bill answered sarcastically. That's werry good. You'll spare my life, will you ? I'll allus remember yer in my prayers. But come, old feller, jest take this 'ere thing off my leg. " It hurts, and it makes me feel too much like a monkey. By-an-bye it'll make me feel like a chained Russian bear, or maybe a British lion, and it von't be good for them as comes in my vay. Take it off, that's a good feller." " Now Bill was not particularity anxious that he should take it off because he knew that with the bit of wire that he had found he could do that as easily as his visitor. But he thought to himself ' ef I can only get my mittens on 'im I'll chain him up, get 'is dagger and perhaps some keys that'll let me out ov this beastly ole. And then he had another reason. There was something about the cut of the man - a stoop in the shoulders and his bow legs - and he wanted him to speak more so that he might be sure, and recognise the man by his voice. If it was the man he suspected, then he thought he might get some of his help to learn something about Gordon. To his last question the man answered :- " I'm blowed ef I do." He had spoken in a constrained language before, but now he spoke naturally. " Ah ! ah !" laughed Bill. " I 'as yer now. Blest ef I didn't see it vos you. Now I know yer Bill of the Bald Faced Stag. Aint yer ashamed ov cooping up yer mate like u fowl getting fattened far the table, or like a wicious 'oss as pants a taming'. Bill, yer ain't no sort ov man at all." " It aint my fault," doggedly replied the other Bill. " I don't want to hurt yer. But I must do as I'm told. I'm sworn to it." " Oh ! Bill, I never thought much ov yer, but I think still less now. We've drunk pints and pints together, and vonce when yer was so drunk that her fell in the 'oss pond, and would ov been drowned, I pulled yer out. Yer doin' nicely Bill, first a poacher, and then a gypsy, and now sworn to hurt yer old pal." " I don't want to hurt you," said Bill, " and ef I can help yer I will. But its more'n my life's worth and that's a fact, and what I can do I will." " Vell then," replied Bill, " tell me wot's happened vith my mate ?" " Yer mate, I didn't know yer had one." " None ov yer shirking, old man," said Bill. " You know vell enough who I mean. The young gentleman - the doctor - him as used to knock about the forest, and who I seed in this ere blessed dead and alive ole. Vere is he ?" " He's gone - they took him away yesterday - but where to I don't know." And at that he stuck. Not another atom of news could Bill get out of him. He was ignorant or pretended ignorance, and so Bill finished his meal in silence. When he had eaten all of it, the gypsy replaced the vessels in the basket and promised Bill that next time he came he would bring him a bottle of beer, though if he was found out, he said, it would be the worse for him. He then left the room by the same entrance through which he had come in. As soon as he was gone and Bill felt he was safe from further intrusion, he fetched the bit of wire from under his rugs and in a very short time had it so bent and twisted that it was ready for use. He then applied it to the lock on his chain, and to his infinite satisfaction he found it worked. " That's the ticket," he cried. " I ain't a monkey no more, and they'll find me a rum'n to deal with if they gives me any sort of odds. Blest ef me any sort ov odds. Blest ef I don't feel more ov a man now. Lor, to think I've been chained up here like a wild beast in a show ; but never mind, so far so good. But only half of the work is done. Let's see ef my key will lock it again." So saying, he again placed the chain around his ankle, placed the lock in the hasp and to his infinite satisfaction found he was as safely locked in as before. Bill looked down at his ankles and grinned all over his face. He then performed some steps of a vigorous step dance. Then he stopped and slapped his thigh and whistled a few bars of the popular air, ' Marble Halls.' Then he stopped. " Marble Halls, indeed," he cried. " Blest ef I ain't in marble halls or in a stone jug. An I've got to get out of it too." Then he sat down on his bed and scratched his head. " There's summat to do yet," he said. " How am I to get out ? This 'ere stone looks precious solid, and seeing I've got nuthin' but my teeth and this 'ere bit ov wire, I can't get through em, that's certain. There's that little 'ole," he said, looking up to the vault where the tiny light was burning. " Ef I vos up there p'raps I could squeeze through, but I ain't there and blest ef I can see how I is to get there. It's a no use lookin' at it any mor'n than it fills a man's belly wot is hungry by lookin' in a bookshop winder. But never fear Bill ole feller, yer'l git out or there'll be bones broke and not your'n you bet. But how about my mate Gordon ?" Here he fell into a brown study thinking over matters. He did not trust the the other Bill. He had never liked him and would not believe a word he said. He made sure Gordon was in the same building and perhaps in the next vault. At all events he made up bis mind that, he would not quit until he had found him, or at all events if he got out before he found him he would return again and again until he got him out of the hands of his enemies. With this comforting assurance Bill fell fast asleep. He went into a very sound slumber, so sound that he did not hear the creaking of the stones in the wall close to the head of his bed. Had he been awake and watching, it would have seemed as if the whole wall was rising. The whole of one part of the wall about eighteen inches in width rose surely and gradually from the floor revealing a long dark passage, at the end which was a twinkling light. From this passage a tall powerful man entered the room. He wore gypsy dress and had a mask covering his face. In his hand he held a long Spanish dagger, and he stealthily moved to the head of the couch. Very quietly and he turned back the rugs from Bill's chest and slowly raised the dagger above his head, preparatory to dealing a rapid death-giving stroke. However, just as the blow was about to fall a female form, light as a fairy with streaming locks and gleaming eyes, dashed through the opening, and dashing at the man turned his blade aside and it was buried harmlessly in the clothes. " Coward," cried Azalia. " Coward and traitor - what do'est thou here ?" " I am here to do my master's bidding, and why doth thou hinderest me ?" was the response. " Go Azalia, go. This is no place for women. His life is forfeited as he knows too much." " Thou shall not touch a hair on his head. Nay," she cried, seeing the man again raising his weapon. " Thy King is away and I am his daughter, and I bid thee begone. Wilt thou not ?" she added, seeing the man hesitate. " Knows thou how long thou wilt have to live if thou disobeyest ? Thou knows this silver call," and she showed him a tiny whistle hung on a golden chain. " One call from this will bring those who will make you obey. Begone, I say again." Slowly and reluctantly the would-be murderer put by his blade and stalked from the dungeon, closely followed by Azalia. When, however, she came to the entrance she paused, and looking back upon Bill, said in an undertone, " Poor fellow, and he is true to the one I love. Shall I leave him unprotected from assaults such as this ? Nay, I will give him a weapon." In a moment she was back by the couch, and drawing her own dagger placed the sheath with it under Bill's head. Then, just as the gypsy was turning round to put the machinery in motion to close the entrance she was by his side. Bill had slumbered calmly through all this action. He had had a dream that he was in some kind of peril and that a woman had helped him. But that was all. Had it not been for the Azalia's intervention he would now have been dead. And so it is in life. The unseen dangers we escape are often much more numerous than those we are cognisant of. We speak of hair breadth escapes that we have had and know not how close we have often been to accident or murder. By and bye Bill awoke, and stretching himself out his hand struck something hard under his pillow. At first he thought nothing of it, and his fingers played idly around it. Presently, however, as he became wide awake, it struck him that there was something peculiar about it. " Hullo," said he, " vot's this ere ?" and he pulled Azalia's dagger from its hiding place and held it up to the light. It was a beautiful Moorish dagger in a handsome sheath, with one large glittering stone in its handle. " Vell," he cried. " 'ere's a go. My eye, this 'eres a beauty for cutting sanviches. And he pulled the dagger out of its sheath. " This 'ere's a jolly good un, and 'ill make me a match for any of 'em. But vere did it come from ? It weren't here afore, I'll take my davy. Vell, this 'ere is a rum place, and the sooner I and my mate is out ov it the better. So here goes for a trial." With that Bill rose, determination set on his face. First he carefully unlocked the chain from his ankle and then sat down to take a closer look at his prison. Then he arose and walked around the walls, examining each crevice with care. To Be Continued. 