CHILDREN'S COLUMN, THE STORY OF A SENATE PAGE. [BY MABTHA WOLCOTT HITOHCOCK] x ART XL (Concluded.) [From Harper's Young People.] I Wbere was wmatanley! leaving borne rather earlier than usual, he reaohed the Capitol without meeting any one be knew, and instead of going to the Senate wing, he turned into the main building without oiimb nig the second tier of steps. This biought him to a large circular epaoe under the Rotunda, known as the Crypt, Through the open door behind him stole in a whiff of newly cat grass from the park, a bit of which, bright with suDlight and waving treetops, showed at the end of the long cor ridor. Barry was waiting for him. "Come down with me while I get the money," he whispered. " Where did you hide it?" "In the document-room, near the Under croft," "Allright; goahead." A twinkle of triumph came into Barry's eye as he led the way down a long flight, through a dark corridor, down more steps, along a damp passageway, round a corner, up a few steps, on and on. Few but a page could have followed these turns with the same certainty, The stone passages were empty; the footsteps of the boys roused hol low echoes, A chilly air in which the dim gas-jets flickered Beemed to blow from sub terranean caverns into their faces, "Br-rl" shivered Win, feeling the chill. "How did you get the key}" he asked, as Barry Btooped to fit a large key in the lock of a door which barred their way. "It was hanging in the office, and I took it; that's how." Win whistled softly. Crossing a short passageway, Barry opened another door, and the boys entered a narrow room with curving walls. "Now look here, Win," said Barry sud denly faoing about, " I told you yesterday I waB going to eive that money back. I'm not. I'm going to take it and leave for California, and I want you to go along. It's a big chance; we can make our fortunes, and come home rich in a few yean. The first gold we get we'll pay Mr. Barham baok. Now you know I might have cut and run last night, but I wanted you to go along. It isn't every fellow that would go halves with a big lot of money like this." Barry did not add what he prudently thought, that the Senator's attachment to Win would shield them both from pursuit and punishment, " Come, what do yon say?" " You thief and liar, do you think I would do such a thing? See here, Barry Barlow, yon get that money and go with me now to Senator Barham, or I'll give you up to the first constable we meet." Barry remained cool, but his face grew ugly, "You will, will you? Sing out for him now, thenand with one sndden blow straight from the shoulder he sent Win reel ing to the floor. Spiinging through the door, he Bhnt and locked it, calling through the keyhole-" You would have it. Now have me arrested if yon can. I'm off for California." Passing through the outer door, he locked it, and taking the key, xetraoed his steps, whistling carelessly, taking pains to stop in the architect's office, still empty, and replaoe the key on its usual nail, before he joined the pages in the lobby. Barry left by the afternoon train, but his absence was not discovered at the Capitol nntil the next day. Win sprang np and rushed at the door like a young tiger, shaking it and shouting after Barry till his strength failed him. " Oh, what a fool I wis to trust him I" he groaned, sinking down on t heap of dusty papers. He took hiB head in his hands and thought it all over, wondering how he could have been so blind, Barry bad been standing at the Senator's desk when Win name in that morning; he bad started guiltily, but managed to turn off questions and get away unsuspected with tha money. Later Win had forced him to con fess, and Barry bumbly promised to give it back if Win would intercede for him. " Why did I trust him for a moment ?" Win thought, bitterly. Barry only wanted to gain time and catch him in this trap, where he moat stay chat np while Barry got safely away with the money of Win's kind patron. Fortunately, it did not occur to Win until later that he himself would lie under suspicion, or the poor boy would have been quite overwhelmed. He presently started up, resolved not to oall ' himself caged until he made sure there was no way of getting out. Feeling for matches, for the room was now totally dark, he found one at last in his pocket, and cautiously struck a light. Yea, there was a gas-burner, and by its light Win made investigations. No window, no door bnt the one he had entered by, upon whose stout panels and lock kicking and shaking had not the slightest effect. Even his pocket-knife was useless, for it lay, he remembered; in the grass where he and Pug were playing mumble-de-peg yesterday. But something on the floor behind the door caught his eye. It seemed to be a little new tin pail, and beside it lay a paper bag. This looked like a bag of oraokers, and such it proved to be. The pail held about two quarts of water. A twisted sorap of paper lay on top of the ° biscuits, which Win caught up and read. "The hour cf vengeance has struck. Ia this cell, which will be your tomb, you will find provisions to last at the utmost forty eight hours. When these are goDe, prepare * for death. No human ear will heed your cry for aid. Farewell, and rue the day yon crossed the path of the " RED CHIEF OF THE ROCKIES. " N.B.-Look out for G. Washington's ghost." "After all, this is only one of Barry's jokes," he exclaimed, angry, yet relieved. But-the money 1 No, Barry meant to keep - the money; of that he felt certain, and to do this Win must remain shut up until Barry got safely a nay. It was only too true that no one would hear his shouts. He knew the thickness of the walls, and the remoteness of the half-forgotten storeroom. Nobody ever oame to consult those musty, ancient papers. It being a midsummer session, there waa little chance of visitors who might come to - viBit the Undercroft, where the body of Washington had lain for a short time before its final interment at Mount Vernon. That was what Barry meant when he warned him to look out for Washington's ghost. Psha w 1 as if be believed in ghosts, or was going to be afraid of the dark like a baby! He thought,, however, with remorse of poor little Pug,, whom he had often jumped at in the dark. When he got out of this place thingB would be different for Pug. The silence was terrible as Win sat there exhausted after his shouts and struggles. A queer ticking sound coming from tbe papers disturbed him. It was like the death-watcb, he thought-that insect which (in stories) > ticks when people are to die. Hark! he almost thought the handle turned soltly then. "Help! help!" he shouted, and the sonnd of the words break ing the stillness almost gave him a panic. PerhapB this faint feeling, which he feared came from the heart, was really situated' below in the stomach. He ate a cracker, and1 found that it cheered him up. Win reflected that if he really remained there for Borne - time he ought to divide his food into portions, aB shipwrecked mariners do at sea. Counting the crackers, he found just two dozen and five. Supposing he stayed there forty-eight hours, it would be well to eat only four crackerB three times daily, and ia drinking . try to make his swallows uniform, a swallow after each cracker. His stomach seemed to > collapse at| the thought of thiB meagre fare. So the time dragged (wearily on. Having . no means of telling its flight, he considered his stomach the best clook, and ate only when . he believed he could not bear the pangs o£ hunger another minute. Feverish slumber visited him at times. Years Beemed to be rolling over his head. He knew enough to burn as little gas as possible,. and to lie down with his face near the crack under the door for the sake of better air. But poor Win made one sad mistake. One hour seeming to him like six at the very least,. he had contrived to eat up every cracker ana drink tbe pail dry before twelve hours had passed, and now starvation with horrid fangs . really began to gnaw at bis vitals. The voice with which he still shouted for help at inter vals grew perceptibly weaker; light-headed fits came on, and last of all a merciful Btupor that deadened all his sufferings. Alas ! it was three days later. Bob Soper,. who had obtained leave of absence to accom pany his father on an official visit to Fortress MoDroe, came rushing into the lobby, his - face white with horror. " Win Chapman has been locked up in the Undercroft three days I Barry Barlow did it to keep him from telling. I've just got his - letter-I ought to have had it two days ago. Oh dear 1" Bob fairly blubbered. The Marshal sprang to his feet, the pages ruBhed in a body for the key, and before Bob could wipe his eyes all were hurrying, men and boys, through the - underground ways to Win's rescue. " Win I Win!" shouted the boys as they drew near. All {jaueed an instant for an answer, towever faint, bnt none came. The last door stuck; something inside re sisted. It yielded with pressure, however,. and by the light that streamed into the room they saw Winatanley at their feet, lying dead or in a swoon upon the floor. Well, he was not dead. After a long sick ness, with delirium, he recovered health, strength, and a fine appetite. Senator Barham, more his friend than ever, kept his word, and at sixteen Win entered as a cadet in the United States navy, where he served with honour through the war. Barry, who, after all, never meant any greater harm to his friend than twenty- four hours' imprisonment, with a good fright, got safely away with the stolen money, thanks to his having directed suspicion from himself upon an innocent person. Many years after Win heard of him again. Commodore Chap man was then in charge of the Mare Island Navy-yard, a few miles from San Franoisco. Meeting Bob Soper, & prosperous buBinsBS man, in the city one day, the latter said " By-the-way, I ran across that scamp Barry Barlow ont at Leadville." " You don't say so 1 What was heldoing there?" CJ " He was cook in a mining camp," ILJftllH [the END.] 