CHARTER V. ;Billy Bowes' Tale' Goncluded.'-r-, The Tombstone.—The second Inscription.— Providing, ' for the FLitu re.—At Ballarab—The Golden Yankee. IsitaGhost? AiTF.it .1 short pause,'Billybegan again ■ in the nasal-drawl which ,was habitual to him, but which lie had abandoned when he came to the more pathetic passages of the story. • "Wn-al —' said lie, ''When the boys heard ' the truth of' the case there was a rare shine, and il was generally agiced that it 'ud be a fail thing to string up them gamblers; but bless yeiy they knowed too 'much to wait, ami, when we come to look for 'em, we found they'd elcavcd out dircctly after the execution. When'Selh'was let go, which was not till the followin' moniin', lie didn't say much—anight in the bonds had quietened him so's nobody hardly knowed him. He only axed what they'd done with his paidnci's body, and when he was shown the gtave, he jest sot down on it and motioned the boys oil". After a day or two he commenced to go about agin as usual, but not lnalcin' no row—lie was, so to say, deadly quiet, and them as knowed'him al lowed he was twice as dangerous as in the old time when lie was rowdy and rampagious. Ilc'd go up to a bar and stand there drinkin' for hours, all by himself, never taltin' no notice of nobody, unless, any strangers 'was present, and with them he'd be pietty flee, axin' all manner of questions, u-tiyin' to find ouL what hiul become of the gambling ciowd. One day someone asked him what he intended to do- if lie met any of those fellcis. lie didn't leply, he only jest smiled ; but' scch a smile! Iic volvers'and bowie-knives was lurking in every wrinkle in it. ' So it come to be generally understood that' Soth intended to:make 'it pretty lively for Hawkins's mates when he k"em across 'em. 'After awhile a marblcmoh ' nymcnt kern up from 'Frisco, and Seth had it put up'over J31ucnosc's grave. Some of the boys'was lather lilcd at the inscription, which set forth as how Blucriose had been murdered by Lynch law, but nobody eared to interfere, and I don't'supposc Seth ever heard anything about it. Not that he'd 'vc cared—it was of no fifthly consideration to him what any man said oi thought about him, and'it's my belief he'd've shot down tlicPresidentof theUnited States'if he'd caught him mcddlin' with that tombstone;1' In old times Seth usen't' to bust himself by too much work ; now he was-at it mornin', noon,;and night, and the gold he got from his - claim was somctliin' marvellous. Well, one day when the coach come in" from '.Frisco, there gets down off of the box-seat a foreign-lo'okin' cove, with thick black beard and moustaches. Seth was .i-standin' by, and no sooner did that feller touch the giound than Seth had him by the thioat, and tlnew lmn on his knees.' Some of the by- standci=, thinkin' Seth was' gone mad, ruslicd up, and was a-goin' to lay holt on him, when "lie jerks1 off the stranger's hat,cand itears his hair and beard all.' off in. one-'lump, i Then everybody lecogniscd one of the gamblers, and nobody thought it, worth whilo to interfere' j.The poor wictcli set up scieamin' awful, -while Seth wis roolly cockin' his icvolvei. But'he'didn't shoot—after a'minute he. fetchcd the'gambler a kick—' Ciit up,' se/. he, 'you shall,have .i fail tTial, and if you'ic found guilty \ve'll hang yei quite comfortable on BluciioseV 'tree, and with* ■' the self-sam3 lope — I've kcol in '< a-purpus.' The boys was . lcg'lar tickled by' this notion,, and a Couit was ' summonsed at, once. The , pro ceedin's <didn't.i'i last ' longi' foivt, Bhienose's •confession s had satisfied if everybody .that i thCj gamblers'had lied, and before nightfall one of liis murdeicrs had gone under. . The next day Seth set to work and'sculpt on; the tombstuno under Bluenosc's name—' Sacred also to the memory of John- Stoncy, hanged.for the above mentioned murder—That was the only one of the' murderers as ever turned iip=;at Dead man's Hat, but I hcerd afterwards that three more inscriptions went up on that tombstone, so that ■prob'bly Seth got quits with them in sonic fashion or other. There was jest one other feller left, but I never hcerd whether Seth iound him out or not; anyway his name didn't figure on the tombstone in my time.— When JX-adman's Flat got pretty, well worked out, Scth wcnt off somewhere else, and I lost the ruu of him for three or lour years. It was in 'FrisCo that I next heard of him. . One day I happened to meet two or,three fellers as had worked in the next claim to me ou the Plat, and- liaterally ■ we got talkin' over old times. ' What do you think about Seth Hornet's little game ?/-'SCz one on/em.. i said I'd never Iircnl 11o 11)i11' :il nil about llml iiuliviilooal iui years; and then lie up and tolil mc as how Setli was the lalk of llie whole town, . It appeared he'd made an awfid pile at the diggin's, an' come down to 'Frisjo with n bank account as long as my anil. Now, what does that extr'or'nary critter do ? In course he has a spree—not one of the good old sort, but a savage, melancholy hind o' spree, all to liimsclr, TTe waltzes around all the kens in '.Frisco for some days, drinkin' like mad, and lightin' whenever lie gels the chance ; and gamblin' and wiunin' money like as the devil was at his elbow. Suddenly he knocks it all oil, and walks into the bank where his money was. 'How mush stands to my ciedit?' he axes, lie was told a little licttcr'n a ..hundred., thou:,,, sand dollars. Willi that lie axes to see the manager, and hands him a paper makin' over the money in. trust, all but a couple of thou-, sand wot he kep' fur himself.' lie then scoots, lcavin' no trail; and nobody knowed where he was gone. 'The paper,' sez the cove as was a-tellin' me of all, this, * was the curouscst dockyment ever you heerd tell ofT. It was all right and rcglar, bein' drawed up by a lawyer. It said as how fifty thousand dollars was to be. made over to Tihicnose's widder and children ! which was only proper, as , Dlucnosc was his pardncr, and mebbe saved his life; but what call he had to purwidc fur. the others licks me.' _• 'Wot ollicisP' sez I.—' Jest .Hawkins and Stoney, and that crowd,' sez the nian from the Flat j ' he's bin and made over ten thousand a-piccc to the families of those cusses, so's they shouldn't come to want by his means.'— ' But there was only five of 'em, aud that only makes ninety'thousand,' sez I; 'who got the other ten?'—'All, that was the cuiouscst bit of the lot,' sez he; ' the otter ten was to be .held in trust fur the next o' kin of the other gambler wot got away.'—'Had he killed him then ? ' I axed.—' Nary bit lie aint killed him,' was the "answer,' but lie "calkilalcd he'd wipe him out some day, and so made purwision for alio future.'—Now there was style ! What do 'yon think of , that fur an aristocrat ?' asked Billy, turning to the company. . , ; It strikes me your friend Sctli Haniel will, end by getting hanged himself,' said Aitliur, who had been much inteicsted in the slory, which had lost nothing fiom Billy's quaint manner of telling it. 'I. guess you don't know Sctli,' 'replied. Billy—; However I aint done with him yet. Svhcn the diggin's broke, bill in Australia J. come over with the lust lot from California, and after a few ups and' downs, I' fetched up at Ballarat.; Who do you think I should meet there but my noble Sctli! a-doin'it up grand and kickin' up a rare dust He'd been round cvprywhcres, and cvciywheics he went he'd only got' to diop a pick into the ground and it 'lid sliikc gold. He was that lucky folks thought he was in league with the devil, and lie got the nickname of the " Golden Yankee.' Me an' him had a raie good time, foi ] was (lush, and he was as fiee with his cash as a prince, and seemed !lo have, got over, his doldrums, for lie was as rowdy as ever, though p'raps not quite so jolly. Oiie day I .axed him if he'd ever met that other, gambler: feller. —D'reclly I did it I was sorry,, for u shaddcr seemed to pass ovei his face, and lie giound his teeth as lie miitleicd: 'Not yet!'—1 did'nt puisoo the subjn.1, and we p.uted soon after. The next ' mdiiiin' ' lie', was; gone vamosed in his usual manner, without never a woul to nobody. I guess my question hid reminded him of that gambler and he'd pijl out aftci the pooi devil.' 'That was the last lic.ud of him?' asked Aitliur. t , , . 'The very last,' replied Billy—'From, that day to this I never set eyes oil him.—Uosli!' and ho started from the slool on,whielrhe.was sitting aud stared, with a fiightened look in bis eyes, down the gully. , 'What on caith is the ni.ittei ?' asked Aitliur. 'Mattel?' stanimcied Billy—'as tiue as I am a livin'man, T see that Sctli lUainet a walkin' light past the door.—Jj:aslway.-> if it wasn't him, it was his ghost,' he continued in an awe-struck tone, still peering out into, the galhciing gloom. , Billy so evidently belie\cd what lie had said that no one ventured to doubt him, and, the harmony of the evening being effectually disturbed, the meeting bioke up., Said Totsy to her molhci, as she was being lucked up in her little bed : '1 think I should love that Golden Yankee, Mamma; wouldn't you ?' Which piovcs that the little lady ivas very human, after all. 