Pcpc's Shroud. A Giuvevaiid Story. Pepe Murhua was perhaps the most popular young man in San Felipe. He wuh a singularly cheery lad, and io his unfailing good spirits, no doubt, owed much ot his popularity, rather than to his many qualities of greater sterling worth, liut the trait tvhich excited most interest among his compeers of his own age and sex was his dauntless, daring courage. None so reckless as Pepe when the amateurs took the bull-ring for eomo fnnfion whose funds were devoted to charitable or patriotic purposes ; none pushed his horso to Euch strenuous efforts, nor clung so persistently to thegameatthecrv2ra«r'r:>when tbe young bloods of tho community pitted their strength one against another in '• tailing the bull." And brave he was, too, in emergencies in which the soul is Iees highly keyed to heroism than in such stimulating phases of daBh and enthusiasm. Facing calmly and in cold blood men maddened by drink or passion, or else turning a bold, defiant front to the lawless gentry infesting, in his day, the district, Pepe demonstrated ever his self-possession and conrageocs spirit. A group of Pepe's friends had had his attributes under dieaussion, one fiawy, flighty Sunday afternoon, when the sudden intermittent gusts of rain and the dusty wind bad "driven them to shelter from the rather bleak alamoda, where to-day no carriages dashed under the garrnlone cottonwoods, nor demure dark-eyed maidens paced tho gravelled ways or perched, like gay birds, npon the massive stucco honches. The coterie had betaken themselves to the houEe of Don Enrique Soto, at the instance of Federico, his son, who eat brimming their glasses with the cordial wine of Parrae—to the disdain, be it admitted, of divers supercilious spirits, who would havo been vastly better contented with any poor, thin liquor, so only that it should bear a foreign label. " 1 tell you, comrades all," cried Pablo Nunez, "this flue fellow Pene gets credit for valor he does not know. In all theFcfeats ot strength that he performs be knows he is nt an advantage by virtue of his limber build and strong muecles. But the trne test of courage wiU be a case whew he is on equality with others—with all the world. How would he behave during an earthquake, when his tremendous strength would avail him nothing ? How long would he stand up before an intangible ehape—a phantom?" At that a shouted chorus of laughter ascended from' the circle of young men. " Por Bias ! Pablo, doest thou believe in phantoms 7 Bat what ghosts hast tbon seen ? Come, teU us a tale—a story—a legend. A pretty business this-that Pablo hBS grown oredulous of ghosts—he who wBe wont to scoH at aught that he conld not touch, regarding the doctrines of the church even ae the superstitious dreams of ignorant women. Ho, Pepe 1" oried the merry crew, deridingly a the favourite came to the door; " here ie meat for thy mirth I JJere is Pablo grown superstitiouB I" Pepe smiled when the babbling spirits explained the situation, not failing, either, to mark the point thBt the qne3tion bad arisen through Nunez's doubt of Pepe's valor. But smile though, he did, Pepe looked serious, too. " Bemember, mates," he said, that Pablo is from the Sierra, and in the mountains one grows ap more inclined to belief in unearthly things—the very influences of Nature, nnchanged by the arts of man, tend thst way." "By 1 Pepetd the defence!" "Well,yes;then," said Pepe; "and I do think, moreover, that deep down in every ah heart there lurks belief, of less or greater strength, in the supernatural. Some stake their faith on dreams, and eome on signs andtbkens. Thou, Corvera, didst shiver and leave off playing mtH&a;, one night last week, because Joan Luna looked over yoor shoulder with his crossed eyes. . How many of yon win join me to-morrow in a dinner I wiU give to twelve? Come, spbak up, boys I Ton shall have the fullest spread the town affords, and French wines aU. What I are you bashfnl 7 " No man made exuberant haste tn accept Mnrhua's offer to make one of the thirteen; rather, the young feUows Jook"- 3 — "Ajal" cried Pablo Nunez, " I told them you'd wear the white plnme on some oharges. Now, see, Pepe, yon rank as ths pluckiest fellow in town; will yon-go to Csmpo Santo alone at night?" . "I don't think I am the pluokieBt," said Pepe; " there's Jaan Carrazco, who faced and threw a mad ball that was charging, a crowd in the market-placeand Tito Bedona, who overcame and tied crazy Sanchez,the butcher, over the dead body of the maniac's son, that be bad jiist murdered-!' " So yoa want to dodge the trial by shift- ing the honours?" said Nunez, tauntingly. •• These are.all cases where the danger was dear and definite. Ton wiU not go to the graveyard? " •'Oh, yes;" said Pepe," I am not given to dodging; I wfll'go. Now, mind you, I am afraid. Yes, aomradea, it is trne. The unknown is always thething fullest: of horrors, and-l una an awiut terror m the thought that, as a bare postihUUy, even, somewhat that ie gruesome and fearful might befalL Bat to my mind: the traest courage -lies, not in onr' reokleBS, foolhardy exploits,.bnt in fearing a thing and facing it aU the same. Come, what do you wisb,ine to do'7" "list us go -now to: Campo Santo, and see what BhaU' be-the toBt;" and at the word they' trooped ont and np the street: to the dreary graveyard, facing on a forlorn, empty square above the alameda, a spot so desolate and forbidding that its mere contemplation would make world-weary humanity willing tooling, to-life rather than face the destiny of lying in each,'repellant confines. Death, ths Beaper, had garnered ample harvests at SanJi'elipe ; his granary wae full to overflowing. The long, whitewashed fagade: was topped by a : cross- above -the greBt portal of Hm zagtum, inexplioably.-widei sinoe. no carriage .nor beast :of;burden .ever crosses the threshold: In-;thelong,.naiTow.vBstibnle,or poroh; a ohapel was arranged, where, night and. dan a lamp bnrned before:avpictnred Holy Family, and'its flame:-threw nnoanny/ reflections upon a .iow. of ...gloaming aehenwhite.- skuUs ranged below. , passing through this species of atrium the yonng men, sobered, by their snrronndlnge, entered the city of :the dead. The graves lay thick aB grass-bTades, literally overlapping, and almost without exoeption facing westward.No shrubs, noflowers or trees enUvened|the scene;-, onlythe debns \- of dried bonqnets lfrom the . annual; devotion on AU Souls' Day. whioh bad fallen a fortnightprevionB. and here and there, a harsh, glaring wreath otydlow and Uaok immortelles., ' Some of the monuments ;were stately ana- handsome, but the majonty were flat, : low-lying stones, oarved with, no particular driU'or taste, andoften defective autiiography. : Some ol the humbler sort werarbuilt of masonry, and painted in .crudeet, .widest tones of blae'or :green, poked' ont vnthr.weatbcr- ' tamiahed'BUding, % fairprodnobon of the indnaments-bore the letters ,"3).,Ei" wbiob indicated'.the right of the tenants to slumber thereundisturbed'in, perpetuity, .onsteadof : suffering exbnmation, like the less-favoied, : whose mouldering bones at; the.end of. font or Sve jears would be unearthedand thrown into the oommon receptacle .of ths;£u»am>. So depiesdng was-the plaoe that.,the tod, : tors/as with oneaccord, and an.mstinot ot self-dalenoe, lighted fresh cigarettes, and puffed ngorouBly,.until theyoreatsd, a clond of fragrant hlue smoke -to mingle,with the , murky .atmosphere. Thsy®6todsthair.way :wlthwhat reveranoe oftreacftheymightto : • section, ot tbe northern ;wdl;_where the plaster Wft8,cnimhlIng«w»j ftom the.biown ' 95 abodes, while bcre and there in tbe scarred expanrp. wrrc trt.lrts b«rriog, besides name and date, the legend, "S!nin by tbe Savages," in mournful suggestion of the days, not eo long gone by, when tho Indians had been wont to swoop in fieroe raids into the city's very streets. Then Nunez, still acting as spokesman, turned to Pepe. " Wilt thou come hero at midnight and drive a nail into that wall ?" " I will do it," answered Pepe, " but with reluctance, aa you know." Tbon, after the inevitable ohattcr and chaff, the crowd lounged homeward. It was perhaps ten o'clock when they reassembled at Pablo Nunez's office, deeming it indiscreet to start suoh an undertaking from the salmi dr. billirr or any more pnblic point. Pepe looked a little pale and eerie, but nevertheless came gallantly forward. At the last, Clcmente Allande, Pebe'e bosom friend, tried to dissuade him from the enterprise. "'Ti3 a raBh and useless thing, hnmbrr. Give it up. If ought were to be gained by the going, roya\ But to gratify the jealous malice of an envious soul like Paplo, why shouldst thou risk thy lifo? For nt night the exhalations from the graves ere more than ever noxious, and thou mayest get typhus or heavens knowe what from breathing them. The plea was potent with Pete, who had aU the usual horror which Mexicans feel for the air ot night, never stirring abroad Bfter dusk without muffling his month and nostrils in the folds of a silken hankerchief, through which he breathed. "But I cannot recede now," he said; " oeasc to dissuade me, Clemente. It may he that the example wiU be BBlutary. Seeing that I undertake, for tbe sake of reason and courage, a thing I dislike and fear, the boys may perhaps be impeUed to act with less absolute obedience to their own preferences. Wo Mexicans of the yonnger generation are h selfish lot. Give me the hammer," he added, tnming baok to the others, as he threw the point of hie cloak over his shonlder. This wrap of Pepe's was one of his whims—an affectation, said the malicious. But it was not that. The intenee patriotism of the young fellow made him cling to the long Spanish cape of his forefathers—surely the most graceful garment a man can wear—while his comrades disported thsmsslves in coats or ulsters of the latest French or English cut. Throwing then over hie shoulder one long end of his capo., and tucking under its drooping folds tbe hammer and the big clumsy spike, Pepe stepped away in the darkness, np the gloomy streets between the low bouses, Whose dark and forbidding rascadee gave no promise ol hospitality to be found within. " He is gone," said Clemente Allande, reentering the house. " I saw him torn the corner of the ' Green Devil.'" " Ton should not have watched him out of sight," eaid one of the young men, " that brings evil fortune." " Nowcroak, you I" snapped Clemente viciously, in the etress of his nervous forebodings, and went out to stand alone in the chiUed patio, more and more deploringPepe'e undertaking. " And I might have prevented it, if I had not been a fool," he muttered, " what were easier than to have eent a hint to the Jcfatum, and the perfect would have so moved that the guard of the graveyard weuld have missed his stolen key, and watch would have been kept. Better that Pepe sbonld pay a rniilta, or even take a turn in the lock-up, rather that get diptberia, or typhus in the miasmas among the graves 1" Then the others came out laughing, and dragged bim to the card-table, where stiU he wonld not play, but sat glowering at the game. An hour went by, another half, two hoars, and Allande conld. bear it no longer, bnt sprang to his feet with an oath of disturbance. " Two hours, and Pepe not here I Some evil has assailed him I We mast go to his relief." "And find him enogly ia bed," sneered Pablo Nanez; " he has been home an hoar, or—guicn sdbe?—perhaps he wae not so scropulous as to go to the graveyard at aUI" ... i. - ug, particularly oeeome yon; Nunez, to sneer and throw aspersione on Pepe's courage, when it is at yoor instigation he has gone into the absard and useless adventure. It might be interesting to seek a cause for your pique against him 1-" " One need not go far for that," murmured another of the young men, "only down to the comer of Guadalupe, where Amelia Miramontez lives." " At all events," said Clemente, "I shaU go to Pepe. You who win may oome. However, I have no faith in ghosts, and I can go alone." But the crowd were fairly shamed by Al- lande's spirit, and, moved by self reproach, and, also, no doubt, by cariosity, they trooped oat with him, barring only Nanez, who. slunk away, to his bed. The graveyard paths were dismal in their stark bareness, that left the palpable, darkness unrelieved and ^pressing like material substanoe on the pilgrims. ! The leader stopped short as he rounded a tan and massive monument that concealed the particular space of the wall tfhere their quest lay. Something undoubtedly was there, a denser concrete shape against the formless blackness of the night and the shadows from the wall. Something, too, in human semblance, and in the unoertain light shed by the lantern's flame, flickering and waving in the riotoue gale, it seemed to struggle and writhe; asif in mortal thross, or elk in the. strain of oambat. Clemente hashed forward with a,wild:<ay. , "Pepe! oh;Pepel To the rescue!"- He reaohed .the spot and bnt one figure was there; bowing and swaying, bending and reeling in-fantastic movement, as if wrestling with its own shadow, projected in grotesque, unearthly, proportions' npon' the wall. Clemente threw his arms about the other's waist, andstrove torestrain and to drag bim aside. A,passive and inert but: powerful resistance was-the result.. By-tnis time' the other's bad- gathered around;and one of them, threw -the lantern's rays fall on Pepe • Mnrhua's-face. Then a cry ol fear- and horror went np from aU throats, so ghastly was that pallid eountenance„set-in the rigid lines of mortal agony and despair. ; "WiU-.yon'not help to free him?" cried Clemente. " Are yon aUlparalyeed? Come, see what holds bim, so I can lay-him down ! I think hs,is. grasping something on the walL" • But none of the panic-stricken crew wonld move; and Clemente .himself, etill, supporting the other, sought' to reach along the ngid arms, to detach them from that bold. Both, arms hung free-; one stiffened iana still held the heavy hammer. Then, with a sadden, light breaking on his. mind,, tbe. faithful Clemente caught at the folds of the ample Spanish oape, Sapping and.waving ainly. in the wind, and: tried.to tear,them, away-from tbe .form of his fnend.. Theresistanoewhich . heencountered confirmed this belief, that had: taken,shape tardily, thanks, to the dim- and . shifting, uneven light. Witbafew.-words of, explanation rwhioh deprived tho incident nf its supernatural aspect, he rallied bis stiffened; oompauons;. promptenough to act: where-only- material'.foroes were concerned. The nature of: the noenrxenoewasplain. Blown, by thefitfuliwind, the tolds of Pepe's oloak had been, pieroed by \- tbe,heavy ,spike, whose broad, flat head had effectually held the Btrong-oloth,and pinned the young man to the wall; .Alone there in, the night, with.such.awesome circumstance of time andplaoe, the conditions bad^unbalanced . his indgmentwbenhe had seemed to flndbim. sell in the grasp ot /something, -nnwen, on. known. Nor bad the poor lad succumbed to fear alone. The family physician of theMurhaas had long ago diagnosed a weakness of tbe heart, bronght on or aggravated by Pepe's prowers in field sports, and any excess of mental or spiritual emotion must have resulted fatally. Tbe knowledge of his condition bad been kept from Pepe, with a view to averting the fate that enlightment might have spared him. He was buried near the spot where death had met him, bnt his name is not forgotten. Tho graceful fashion of the Spanish cloak is coming into favor again in Mexico, bnt never can be found a youth of San Felippe who will don the garment that is known as " the abroad of Pepe Murhua." Ambition —Ambition when not allowed to become a ruling passion, ia a good thing to possess. It is an incentive to many b noble deed. It ie closely allied to bravery nleo, for a coward is without the quality, and would rather slink to the rear than rush to the front to face tbe enemies' guns for the chance ot honor or fame. He would eooner eave himself from a threatened danger than have the glory of helping a friend to avoid it. Msny calls are made on its followers by ambition, and a devotion to it results sometimes in Borrow and care, instead of the anticipated pleasure and happiness. There is "the vaulting ambition which o'erleaps itself,"and leaves the devotee in the lnrch. Tbe man who sete himself to gather riches and make for himself a name, often draws the coveted prize and reaps tbe reward for which he has . striven. But at what a cost 1 At the sacrifice of bis best years; the denial of all softening love and domestic happiness; the fresh, innocent impulses of youth suppressed, and all the higher and nobler feelings gradually deadened, till he finds he is at laBt a successful, great, bnt an intensely solitary man. His ambition, however, is gratified, and the gaol for whioh he aimed is won, and with that he must be contented. The ease long looked for never comes, and bs he has sown so must hs reap, his heart closed to those influences which make old age bearable and the coveted riches like Dead Sea ashes. The aspirant never mastsrs the shibboleth of the set he affeots, and the thousand little dagger-like thrusts and snubs unconsciously dealt by those born in the purple are as bitter things, suffered in uncomplaining silence and Becrec>, hut ever einking deeper and deeper, ending at last in utter demoralization, for the inner magic circle is never truly broken to admit an outsider. 