MARK TWAIN'S VERSION OF "HAMLET." The above talented author has put forth a revised edition of the tragedy of " Hamlet." According to Twain's idea, " Hamlet," as it came from the pen of Shakespeare, ;was incomplete. Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet's melancholy and eccentric., tempera ment, must, of necessity/ have had a younger, brother in, the. family, of a more sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following ingenious arguments : — — # » " We find in the History of England and Paris adjacent , pages, 4, 11, . 44, Vol. II, the following letter from the King of Denmark to Tom Sayers, an old friend of his :— Dear Tom— Those haii-rstuffed box ing gloves arid' foils came by the Mark Lane: Express (Mark Lane who run the Express Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.j iu good order— G.O.D. . Hamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn and melancholy disposition, takes very ; little stock in the gloves, as a blow .on .the nose only serves to increase his melancholy. Thus I have given ye gloves to Billy my second born who is as lively as a cricket on his pins, and a jovial lad withal, who takes kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. . Yesterday he thumped his teacher most soundly on ye bugle, for which I rewarded him by giving him asilver- mouiitecl wassail bowl filled to. the uppermost brim witli good brown ale. If you make" your match' with Grabble let me know, ' and send' a couple of tickets for seats pretty 'close to the ropes. If you want backing, the whole- Exchequer of Denmark and .the Sub-treasury thrown in is Yours truly. - Claudius, King of Deninark." From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens (Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no little show of reason, that Shake speare had no license — poetical or otherwise— to give Hamlet a pro minence not accorded to his younger brother. Twain Continues -. — "Other letters from the King lo Sayers, now in my possession, being kindly loaned me by the British Museum, go to show that Shake speare had a grudge against Billy, .the younger ; brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in censed the bard that he never forgave the young rascal. People who have had candle-snuffers placed in their boots, can readily, appreciate the motives which governed the poet in making no reference to Billy in the play except where he appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother.' # # The events at Elsiuore happened as I have written them. Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to pass 1 uncorrected." THE FLAY. Iu his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original text, which strongly reminds oue of Boucicault adapting a 'French drama for the American stage.., : In the first- act where liernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marceilus and .Horatio, William comes in and sets up refreshments for the guards out of a little black bottle -j: but refuse the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. # . ' . The guards then leave William to himself, and after they had disappear ed, he bursts into an immoderate fit of langhter. He then slips away, and in "a side- scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and covering himself with mosquito/'; netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements are eompletehe stalks iii lin'd frightens the wits nut of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out in the side scenes, where he goes to hide his . inerrim"nfc at the success of his trick. \- : «. .. # When Horatio As telling Hamlet of the apparit on William' listens with his mouth wide . open, apparently ransfixed with fear ; but after they are.V.one lie turns to Hamlet with " Hamlet, do you swallow all. this ?" Don't you Know all these fellows are as crazy as bed-bugs? Do you sup- nose the ol I man woukLwalk around this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of in mo i "r I.., a ipinst ain't eaji - . able of packing armour around." -Why, - the /last few; years lie wasn't luirdly able'to waddle about in. that one-hundred-and-ten pound suit. Don't -you know .when he came in from thakdast ..'dress parade he said' he'd be switched; if he'd ever put (the ' old brass togs 'on again. Pshaw, old boy have some sense." . . THE GHOST- WALKING SCENE. In the fourth scene William gets , himself up-in.fiue shape arid rehearses the ghost- walking scene until he is entirely satisfied with himself, while lie indulges in the following soliloquy "Perhaps this won't catch him, oh, -no! He'll think it the true'biisiness, and no Mistake... If Lean get him .about Half crazy I can collar' the girl. Blamed if I'd have far to go." In this scene Twain has followed the original text pretty closely. The following, extract will give a genei'al idea of his treatment of it :— Hamlet. - My fate cries outj ' And makes each petty artery on this body .c As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. . ' . (Ghost beckons. ) Still I ani called. Unhand me gentle men 1 ... (Breaking Jrom them). By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me. I say, away ! Go on 1 I'll follow thee." William. Oh, he s coming, I've got him cranked already, » The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, unfolds," runs in this practical fashion : — "I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an everlasting swing around the circle. I could a tale unfold that would lift your hat to the ceiling. If ever there was a slick old fraud your uncle is that man. The newspaper ' reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever uever gob away with mo. The man who is now in my political shoes dumped the ounce of prussie acid in my ear and that did the business. I can tell yon Hamlel that for a good, quick, reliable poison 1 consider prussie acid as unequalled. I am willing to furnish testimonials' for the trade. The Gliost then proceeds at con- . siderable length to tell Hamlel what to do and how to get even with his Uncle, interspersing his story with some side-splitting " Asides, "'.which are in Twain's best vein. Through the entire- play the pranks of William &ve; indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the double role of Ghost and ' adviserto Hamlet in the flesh. .When .not masquerading with his material seances he is going about with his brother trying to dissuade him from doing anything rash, aud telling him what an infernal fool he is for taking any stock in the supernatural,, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place to hold his sides and laugh when his hilarity threatens to escape from his control. a : ' ' ' His prime idea is to get even on his Uncle and step-father, for whom he has the most iirofound contempt ; but when , events thicken as . the direct result of his pranks he. studies to undo his work, and on one occasion con fesses the fraud and tries to get . Hamlet to look at the armor and mosquito netting ; but Hamlet' only looks upon it as a dodge to dissuade him from his purpose, and will listen to nothing. ; , ; ; ; . ' : ) In the. latter part of the play' he sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. In the closing . scene he gazes upon the work of 'death,' and coolly orders " a bolt of black 'crape" while he anriounces that his morning will be wholesale. \- ' ' , Some of the passages are intensely , furinyi; and in others theshuriibri is forced;, with a, tendency to slang ; but as a whole the' innovation is very, laughable, and the version will no doubt attract considerable curiosity amongst play-goers, arid" draw crowd ed audiences should it ever be ulaved. So writes an American ; critic. W.H, W, 