Mr Wilkinson was not prosont at tho opening of Parliament, boiug absent in Melbourne on urgent business. Mr Lakemun took his boat on the Min isterial crossbonchos. Tub writ for Balranald not having been returned in time, a proclamation was issued in the Gascttc en abling Messrs Lakoman and Wilkinson to take thoir seats. Several other districts woro similarly treatod. The new Church of England at Urana will ho opened on Wednesday, 10th March, by tho Bishop of Riverina. Tub caso against Mr G-. H. Donohoo of tho Hibcr* man Hotel, for allowing cards to bo played ou his premises for stakes, ended on Woduesday by defen dant boingiinod£5 and 4s lOd costs. Mr Brough,' for Mr DquoIioc. appealed, and the appeal will bo heard at the Quarter Sessions. There was a distinct conflict between tho PolicoMagistrato and Mr lit'ough. Tho question was as to whether stakos, raonoy or drinks, had been played for. If no stakes had boon played ior, no case would lie. Mr Poarco hold tho production and consumption of drinks while tho play was going on was presumptive proof of their being tho stakes, and that the other sido had not proved that they were not the stakes, although Mr Donohoo and Mr Woathead swore drinks wero not tho. stakes, that the gaino was purely a frieudly one. MrBrough coutendod tho police must prove the gamo was for stakes, and that they had not established their case. Mr Poarce displayed a strong bias against tho liquor trade, and spoko 6trongly against publicans and store keepers shouting liquor, as it was dono for an ulterior purpose, to get customers to shout in return or buy goods. Ho as far as wont to Bay it was illegal for storekeepers to givo liquor froo to customers, but Mr Brough laughed at this. If Mr Pearco'K dictum is correct, then our storekeepers' liberty is in jeopardy; and in bargninc, say a horsp deal, tho shoutiot stands in danger of Fortescue's Fortress. At tho Hav Pulieo Court on Friday, boforo Mr Pearoe, Thomas Lyons was charged by Sergeant Harper with riding ovor a footpath on tho 10th.- 'Do fondant pleaded guilty and said that ho had unwit tingly trespassed. Sergoant Harper said defendant came on tho footpath »o*r tho Church of England ut a hand gallop, and he nhouted at him. Fined £1, as it was tho first ofFenco, 4s 10a costs; levy and dis tress, in default one woek's imprisonment. The fino was paid. It is aquostion whothor tho Hay Volunteer Reservo Corps will attend tho Easter Encanipmont in tho National Park, to begin on the 8th April. So f*r no invitation has boeu received, but ono is daily ex pected. Tho corps could attend, however, without invitation, on signifying thoro woro so many nion ready to take part in tho Encampment, The regula tions do notallow of tho Rosorvos boiug callod out for lengthened sorvicos, but thoy can bo invited and attend if thoy plfiiso. It is to bo hoped a buIFi* cient numbor of men will oxpross themselves ready to fcako part in tho eight days' encampment, so thatLiou tentant Haynoscan move in tho mattor, as tho value to tho corps of tho exorcises will bo very great, and hoir oyes will bo opened to what roal soldiering is. Tho Government will transport tho men i»ud find them, but they will not bo paid as the rogulars are. R. C. M 'Kinney & Co. sell by public auction at tho Ciledouiau Auction Mart, at 11 o'clock, household furniture and effects, potatoes, onions, whisky, salt, chalf ; and horses and drays at 12 o'clock at thoir yards. Tins Benson U unparalleled. Out on t.ho plain whoro at tliia timo of the your no grass grow, thoro in nluiity. n''1 onongh wutor lo crrato n hunt wholly un- j known here, tho distressing Sjdnoy moist ho.it,. As ih-ro is n;i uvil without its bright eidu, to thoru is no l.lus-ing without its disndvantngo. Tho liiiigniticont food thisyoiir must havo a prejudicial cfl'uct on tho nricoofhay, of w hich thoro is n good crop, and ronso quontly B-ttlor» who lmvo la, go stocks ^ on Imnd lor whioli thoy expected big pneos, begin already to irrumble. (Jarri»-rs, who last yoar had to buy ioott to c\m them their wholo journoy, this season havo not bought a ha'. Wo hear that so littlo is tho demand in tho hack country that Hillston chalVwill sho tlyl-o oToredin Hay. However, iho genoral prreponty will compensato Farmor.-, uro anxious lor tho suiting of a mill at Ilill*to», »M iijwould onablojthom to allow crops t. . go to grain. As Hour is much l-8s weighty and b .Iky than hay orohalV, thoro would bo an advantago. Besides a mill ut Hillston would command tho wholo of tho lackbloeks markets, right on lo Wileaniua. If tho mill is started thoro will bo a large quantity of laud put in whoat this year. ' Mixed' was tho comedy playoam tho 11 ay iolico Court uu Tuea. lav and Wednosduy, in connoetion «itli tho charge against Mr G. 11. Donohoe, of the Hiber nian Hotel, for allowing cards to bo playod for stakos on his l'c -n.ied promises. Tho tioublo aroso out of a mistake mado by tho police, but which, however, was .li no roal importance. Thoro aro two Gorman bakers in tho town, Mr Vlaemuick and .Mr Allwordou. Somohow nt other, Sergeant Harper and Coustablo ! Barnes got it into their hoads tho Gorman baker who was playing card^ with Mr Donohoo was Mr \ lac minck, whcroas it was I\I r Allworden. Mr Lrough, who appoared for tho other sido, lot tho police got into tho miro deopor and deeper without onlightoning them, llowovor, during tho adjournment ou Tuosduy Sorgeant Harpor discovored tiio mistake, and put it right at ouco whon tho Court nut again. Then began »muu nurrinsn.H. Air Brouch insisted Mr Vlaeminck should bo BUinmonod, to show that ho had [ nothing to do with tho affair. Tho summons was en trusted to Coustable B irnes, who somehow or other got it into his head that tho mattor had boon cleared up by Allwordou turning out Vlaoniinck not Vlaeminck Allwordou, so ho sorved tho summons ou Allwordon. Thoro was a hoarty laugh in Court when this trans pirod, aud when Mr Allwordon was callod in for iden tification as Vlaeminck aud turned out to Lo tothor. Altogothor it was as good as any play of ' Mixed' ovor prcaonted on tho stago. We regret to say that on Wednesday Mr Simper's child, while riding on some posts in his father's dray, fell off and sustained such injuries that he died. The result of the enquiry appears elsewhere. Mk Macintvkk mot with what might have boon n. aorious accident at tho sports on Wednesday, his horse becoming unmanageable and throwing him. However, wo aro glad to say that no ill oilocts re suited. Livuit complaint is one very prevalent, in theso districts. Wo havo good authority for stating that, a gontleman who suffered acutely from this disease aud who was as well as given up by tho doctors re covered his health and is now a halo and hearty man by an apple dint. Ho found that dried Amoiican apploi wero won more ofBeacious than tho greoti Australian frui:. This is woll worth making a noto of by sufferers. Tho gontloman referred to, adopted no regular system except to eat as much apple food as ho could at all his meals, in whatever form was mo-t palatable. It ia wonderful how onco tho Firm gets a firm hold on a man ho cannnot got out of their clutches. John Somorvillo was ovor a month ago consigned, to Everott's for stealing a boLtio of whisky when in spired by tho Firm. He camo out a few days since and wroto a very toinporato and sor.siblo lottor to tho Qmsier on tho death of Lowtes, showing himself an intelligent man. All this was of no avail against the Firm. Ho koDt out of thoir hands for a timo, but finally succumbod, and ou Wednesday Constable Urquhart had to take him to Fortescue's Fortress, lie was mad from bad liquor and in a very filthy utate, so ho had to bo sent to Ererott'r* to bo t-ot up again. It is to bo hoped when John comes out, ho will seok tho rocossos of tho back-blocks aud give tho Firm a wido berth. The Parkesitea aro resolved to mako it hot for Mr Barbour. A now trial has boeu obtained in a caso ho ; won last sittings of tho Supremo Court, in actions | against him fur a £20J promissory note. . Times aro changing with tho country pross. Tho Northern Argus is dead — killed by tho giant mosquitoes of the town, say its contemporaries. Tho Irish and Australian World of Narrabri has died bocauso Air j Daugar was elocted for tho Namoi. Tho Walgett News has been sold Air Norman to Air Carmiehaol, «n old employee ou tho paper. Tho Western Iudepcn dent, Bathurat, has become a morning papor, aud is now called tho Herald. A hint for oar milkmen. It has been found that cows given water at 113° yield ono-third moro milk than thos-o givon coll water, with tho eaino food. Lot us therefore iu future havo warm wator with our milk — but in this form. The Moscow Gazette of tho Sth March, expresses groat indignation at tho carrying out of tho death , sentences on tho Rustchuek conspirators, and at the ^ approval manifested jthereat by Europo generally. The writer declares that it cannot bo forgotten that tho victims fella sicrilico to thoirdevolion to Russia, and predicts that their deaths will produce ovonts which will set history iu motion. Smyth, the local preacher who did uu innocent Cornishmau, who was overcome with his sanctity and eloquenco, has boeu sontencod to fivo yoars with hard labor. Sorvo him right. Ruddyuoue is tho rather ugly uame of Gilbert nnd Sullivan's now opora. It appears to be a travostio on the transpontine ^drama. Tho Loi. don papers apeak very disparagingly of the librotto, which is said to bo very poor and without Gilbert's usual wit. Tho muuioon tho contrary is said to boas tuneful as any of Sir Arthur Sullivan's [aid much moro elaborated. Some ghost music is spoken of with groat ap proval. EaulCaiiims, 'better known as Lord Garmoylo, was a passenger by the Garonne, which anchored at Wil lianiBtown on Sunday. Ho goos on immediately for Sydney. . ? The full namo of tho new member for Gloucester is JonathanCharlos Billing Poillorago Seavor — and don't let it bo forgotten. Wo h ipe, for tho sake of tho officers of the Assembly, calls ot tho Houso will not bo frequent. A petition for divorce in a suit, on tho hearing of which thoro is likely to be some sensational disclo sures, has boon filed iu Sydnoy. Tho petitioner is John Guthrie Gray, of tho Kentucky station, lioar Corowa, Now South~Walos, and he prays for a dissolu tion of his marri igo with his wife, Ellon Mary Gray, ou tho ground of her misconduct. No loss than fivo persons aro mado co- respondents. It is stated that since proceedings wore commenced tho respondent has been living in lodgings iuMolbourno. Tho peti tioner is rolated by marriage to an emineut Royal Acadomncian, and a no less distinguished sciontist. Tin-: Walgett Times says : tl Some time hack 'Out sider,' in the Coonimbtc Times issued a challengo to back the Coonamblo inoaquitoos to sting, against any other of the spo des in the colony. Wo h-we received, a letter from Combogolong, statin? that tho ro-idents of that place aro agreoable to tako up 1 Outsider's' challongo and givo him ' two to one.' According to ; reports both tho above places havo to pnt up with a severe mosquito post. We would like 'Outsider' to pay Walgett a visit during the prosont season, and wo guarantee ho will not issuo such a foolish challengo again, as wo could win hands down.' Wo don't ibo liovo in betting, but we feel inclined to tako up the Coonamblo and Walgett challenges and back tho Hay mosquito, if ho continues to advance. Achiost has turuod uoat Coppabella, making its first appearance on tho 14th February, Tho figure was hetffoon six aud sovon foot iu height, with a hoad tho shape of a pig, and whon broadside on, it appoared . to be nearly three feet across tho chest. Tho ghost was firod at.|but seems to havo got off all right. We don't road what is thequality of Coppabolla whiskoy, but it most bo strong. At Iitiiford (Queensland) during tho roceut hoavy floods, a mau was insulated by tho wator from tho township, and had to subsistrnino days upon a dog which ho killoi. His comrade, named Reod, was rescued, Mahy M'Ginley, a servant in tho employ of Air Pit cairn, tho barrister and Crown Prosecutor, was charged at tho Wator Polico, on Friday, with assaulting Aliss Helon Pitcairu, his daughter. According to the evi dence of the prosecutrix, the girl, on Friday morning last refused to do some work, and told Airs Pitcairu to do it herself. Miss Pitcairu thereupon wont into the kitchen and was about to placo a kettle on tho fire whon tho prisoner ordored hor out of tho room, aud threatened to mako hr-r her go if sho didn't remove herself volu .tarilv. Aliss Pitcpian not taking tho hint, the servant picked up a poker and struck her sovoral blows over tlio shoulder and body with it. Dr Cox tostified to having found sovoral severe bruises upon Misa Pitcairn's body nnd shoulders. Tho defendant domed having inflicted tho blows, and told tho Bench that as sho had boon detained in gaol sho had boon unable to communicate with her friends and brothors. Air Addison, S.AI., fined hor £5 5s, with X'2 2s costs, or four months, and told her that had sho boon a man ho would sent hor to gaol without the option of a hue. Tho prisoner applied for time to find tho amount, but tho Bouch rofusod to grant tho requost. Oiiimcn or E.s'uhASi), Hay. — A short sorvico of a quarlor of an hour's duration, is to bo hold each Wod nosday and Friday, during Lent, in St. Paul's Church, Hay, at 7. 45 a.m. Sr. Paul's Church, Hay. — Tho Rov. Air Macarthur will preach at Carrathool on Snuday next, at noon. Ihoro will be Divine Servico iu St. Paul's at 11 in tho morning and 7. 30 in tho evening. On My Back ! That lamo back is caused by kidney disease. Stop it at once by Dr Boll's (Kidnoy and Livor) Bitters. . It ia oil tho ovoning of Thursday iho 24th, that the Rev. Mr Lano is to deliver an address in con nection with tho Wesloyau Susteiitatiou L* und, not Thursday next, which was an orror. The Jowinh feast of J'urim was on tho lUth inst. Pftssovor this year is on Apiil tHh. An analysis of tho voting at tho lato election shows Protection has inado an enormous advance. In last Parliament thoro woro only 12 pronounced Pro tectionists ; in this thoro aro 41, with about 15 members who while declaring ior Krootrado aro pre pared to encourage local industries in Si-mo wa}*, not alwa\s mado clear. Tho Freotrado vote ut tho eloction was 85,o22 ; tho Protectionist 00, 8,'-8. Tunsolitary entertainment, ho far, for St, Patrick's Day, is a ball which will bo held in connection with tho Hibernian Society, in t.ho Atheiiaoum. As tho i, nly ovont ot tho kind, and boiug under tho bost managoinont, it ought to bo a great auccoss. A himjoim Hi:Ai»A(;ni:.— Js easily cured ifyouuso the right modicino, which is Dr. Boll's Bittors. Tho hoadacho is so vory uucomfortablo and tho medicine so cheap; do not delay, but call at your druggist's and got a bottlo. Ala Thavis has a tempting notico olsewhoro: es pecially in regard to cheap white shirts. 