"VE hardly sttuppose that the malost sanguino members of the proeaont cabinet expected that, even to freetradais, the fiscal policy enunciated, and the tarift lines laid down by the Colonial Treasur or, would give unqualified satisfaction. So mihy difloiculties have cropped up, he harvest of past mismanagement aud recklessness, that it is now far ceasier to theorize than (oven to the financior} satisfactorily adjust the conflicting .in toroests that claim consideration. One great difficulty in the way is tobo found in the scant education, we had almost said thesprofound ignorance, that pro vails on questions of finance and trado, and the gnerl fle'octs of specific and .ndvaloronm duties. One of our recent oorrespondonts for osample urged the contiinuance of the advualorem dtiotis adding, " supposing even that which uunny freotraders regard as cal. tdldteous should take place under adval oeni --that is, a building up of our own manufaotures-I see nothing to deplore in this.," Cannot this exressir?clljuvrentl: financier see that, not theo " building up of our own manufintures," but the rcatiosn of industries that can only exist by the continuance of i'rotocfionfur their role biwsjit is what freetraders op pose, Let thoe baconindastry serve tr an illustration, With the advantage of protection to the tune of 88* per cent since'.1871, we find it declaring that even new it cannot flourish without a. continuance of the impost. One writer, limself a professing freetrader, declares thnt the " duty has been so long on the tariff that you regard it as a portion of the aoastitution itself which no Govern. • i ment has any right to meddle with,' If the'se quotations are fairly repreaeir tutsve of the nonsense that confrouts the Government, we think our point is fully proved re the laolk of grasp of our fidal prohlenms by many of our people, Inf ? more recent contrtibution, we Wore'gravely told that " the smell duties Oh buttor heeooso, and banoun were Ivisely put on by a freetrado govern' ieutl; not iu the interest of ptottotioli ,but rath,:r as a defeon e of a struggllng industry.", Does not our correspondent krnow this much, that buttoerwas added to the tuiff list by the late Jonniug' Governfeient only last yea,', and (so they bald)'not to protect "a struggling in tdleutry," but for purposes of revenue 'solely, As a mattler of fact, our butter interest had thriven, had mnade its own position without protootion, and it is now in a far healthior condition than it would have boon lihad it boon nursed ly tihe Customis House all the time of its eoxiRtincae till now, , Furtlhori weo would much like our cor. repolndnt, nbove roferrod to, to hand over the above quotation to tho Proted, tion l?ngue for their exposition of .ifs naonninyg To ouar mnde it coveors all.theo ground protection nasks, gives ,nil thna?t alroteotiopslete of the most lronouned ltype are struggling for, Lot us look a t b fetw figurues. Wo give tho highoet ,quotod, pricr for colonial bacon, viz., eightponoo, tho duty boeing twrpono?e porlb. We have tlherforo the value 'of the article rodunced to sxlmpnce *,nus dutay; The baelll duty loviod to " p?. aott astrnggb" g lldustry 'Jin only 813, xtr coei Wuhl it not delight tlhe *1 heart of our protectionist friends if a kindparliament would levy this emall amount on the goods they nanme " not for purposes nf revenue, but rather as a ldefonco of struggling industy." Thebo duties on bacon and choose were p?ssed in 1871. Leotus quotoe fromn a connluni cation of Mr. Edward Pulsford's to tlhe Daily Tolograph, to show how the im post has s(limuhled (./) our bacon.curing industries. Thie avorago number of pigs to the population of the colony dur. ing the decade 1861-70 was as 38,527 pigs to each 100,000(1 of our population; the averago for each two yeaors since 1871 being as follows: 1871.73 11,870 averago supply 1874.76 33,279 ,0 1877-79 32-987 1880.82 29-035 ,, 1883.85 22.407 ,, That protective duties have signally failed to increase the supply is too patent to be disputed; for hero "in the face of an enormous duty, (33k per cent.) there is not the ghost of a sign of any increase, but every substantial ovidonco of decrease," The extremeo seisencss of protection must be soon by all unprejudiced men, when reviewing the above figures. Since the year 1871, our ability to pro. vide our own market with blceon has so much lessoned, that, to feed the vast population in our big cities, we must import an annually increasing quantity' Now bacon is largely consumed by the poor 'mae, (of whom we hear so frequent ly.) Is it not clear that the abolition of the duty will at once reduce the price on imported bacon at least twopence per Ib. ? And who will not applaud the action of the Colonial Treasurer in chonpening this article of food to the worlking conmunity ? And who will be the loser? We reply, no one ought to be. A glanco at the Sydney daily's willl how that weare " beatenin our own mllarlaot" Now Zealand bacon bringing twopence or muore higher prices than our own. Let this be remedied) in other words, lot our own producers raise the quality of their goods to a level with their New Zealand neighbours, and the price they now receive will be sustained; but in all fairness to those who use our goods, lot us not seek to cover the los occasioned by our inferior methods of preparing them, by taxing an article of food so largely used, making the cost sc much the greater to thoso who buy; and only-benofitting the few who ongage in homo produotioni Of course we are not surprised that Bega has protestod aglainst the proposed remission; let us howover bear in iiind that the Government haa to logislate for the whole conumunity, and if each " struggling industry " must have pro. tcctiou, then farewell to the prosperity thiit freetrade creates. We .often hoar of " the cheap loaf for the poor man;" by all moans let him have an untaxed slice of bacon to eat with it, " A cnOAu about a probable deteriora? tion in the profits of those who fatten on insurance," Thus a writer in our eontemporary, evidently in a captious mood, r'e some remarks in our leader oondoering the ompnlulsory life assur, anne of miners, Now those "who fatten on insurance " are, it is to be presumed, the wives and families or others loft do. poudeut on the insured at his doenease; that the'value of his poliey does not deo. teriorate should therefore be the aim of every one insuring his life, and no selfish one either, but just the reverse. The writer in our contemporary, howover, perhaps is so solJiasne not to have in. oured his life at all, in which cese of oourse it is \ matter of no moment to him or his ropreeontatives at his death whether poliies deterlorate or iot, o ehas also-whether through incapa. oity, in whih ease we pity him, or through indolonoe, in which ease he likewise h's our nympathy-utterly failed to grasp the meaning aznd point of our retnerks, whioh were so simple that _ lhe who tlis eottld road'" We again repeant that ti ihav qu elentlous f/al'lU bxistra tflioth d~elltdoe wh?olh are not likely to be solved by attributing sollesh. noses to those who point them out, W cau n assure" Oonnetant Reader ".that the deputatlon were as muoh astonished at MrLambton's reportas hiusolf. The depitation told Mr. Roberts that on their way up thle day before they saw a gentleman reading the Sydney Mlorning ieornld of that day a little after. 8 pm,, In Wollongong, and if lthant ad. vantage could be extended to Klamn, which was only twontylivo miles further south, it would be very much appreciated, At the same timo the dePolitation were oleaer on this point, they did not nask a benealit at othelr people's ilncoavenneo, nor, conzcderlng the poeltlon of *ot .?nanpeos, did th.y wish to increase Stcte oests, And, c lr?. thier, it would not beovery long before the 'nilway would be opoen frot Oliftol to Kianma, then Ifnmra would have tlheo boon by rall, We eshocald Ilave appadoed the bhopy cnc a footnoto to the letter cferreud to, hatt van #rl Uot the ~Iln,, 