FICTION. From EUftlliti* American, and Other Perin di cal it THE MYSTERY. CHAPTER XXXI (Coniinued.) She could not look up, but he could tell how her heart was beating by the fluttering lace of her dress. She bowed in silence, still with averted eyes j and Lieutenant Stanford, smiling Blightly, drew her hand within his arm. Her late partner came up with the ice, but Rose had got something bettei than an ice beverage, and did not want it. The music of the German waltz filled the long ball-room with heavenly harmony} his arm slid round her waist, her hand was clasped in his, the waxed floor slipped from under her feet, and Rose floated away into elysium. The delightful waltz was over and they were in a dim, half-lighted conservatory. Tropical flowers bloomed around them, scenting the warm air; delicious music floated entrancingly "in. The cold, white wintry moon flooded the outer world with its frosty glory, and Rose felt as if fairy-land were no myth, and fairy tales no delusions. They were alone in the conservatory ; how they got there she never knew j how she carno to be clinging to his arm, forgetful of the past, present, and future, she never could understand. Oh, the lotus ! Its intoxicating spell was upon her, and Bhe was powerless. "Rose," said that most musical of voices "when will you learn to forget and forgive ? See here is a. peace-offering." He had a lovely white camelia in his button-hole -a flower that half in homage had been the chief beauty of Kate's bouquet. He took it out now and twined its long stems in and out of her abundant curls. "Wear it," he said, "and I shall know lam forgiven. "Wear it for my sake Rose !" There was a rustling behind them of a lady's dress, and the deep tones of a man's voice, talking. Rose started away from his side the guilty blood rushing crimson to her face at sight of her eldest sister on Doctor Delaplaine's arm. Kate's clear eyes were fixed on her sister's flushed, confused face, on the waxen camelia, her gift to her lover, and then were turned upon Mr. Stanford. I That eminently handsome and nonchalant young Englishman was as cool as the frosty winter night. " I should think you two might have selected some other apartment in the house for a promenade I and not come interrupting here," he said advanc I ing. "Miss Rose and I were enjoying the first tete-a-tete we have had since my arrival. But as | you are here, Miss Delaplaine, and as I believe we are to dance the german together-" A bow and a bend of the arm finished the sentence. " And you resign Miss Rose to me ?" said Doctor Delaplaine. " There is no alternative. Take good care of her and-adieu !" He led Kate out of the conservatory. Doctor Delaplaine offered his arm to Rose, still hovering guiltly aloof. '. And I believe you promised to initiate me into the mysteries of the german. Well, do you want me?" This last was to a man-servant who had entered and looked as if he had something to say. " Yes, sir, if you are Doctor Delaplaine." '. I am Doctor Delaplaine. What is it ?" .' Its a servant from Gower Hall, sir. Captain Delaplaine's compliments, and would you go there at once." Rose gave a little scream, and clutched her com- panion's arm. "Oh, Doctor Delaplaine, can papa be sick ?" " No, miss," said the man, respectfully ; " it's not your father ; it's the young woman what sews. Thomas says-" hesitating. " Well," said Doctor Delaplaine, " Thomas says what ?" " Thomas says, sir, she see a ghost !" " A what ?" " A ghost, sir ; that's what Thomas says," replied the man, with a grin ; " and she's gone off into fainting fits, and would you return at once, he says. The sleigh is at the door." "Tell him I will be there immediately," was the reply, and the servant hastened off. He turned to Rose smilling at her blank face. " What shall I do with you, mademoiselle ? To whom shall I consign you ? I must make my adieus to Mrs. Ponsonby and depart." Rose grasped his arm and held it tight, her be- wildered eyes fixed on his face. " Seen a ghost !" she repeated, blankly. "That is twice ! Doctor Delaplaine, is Gower Hall haunted ?" " Yes ¡ haunted by the spirit of mischief in the shape of Rose Delaplaine, haunted by nothing worse." " But this is the second time. There was old Magery, and now the seamstress. There must be something in it !" " Of course there is an over excited imagination. I The girl has Been a tall tree covered with Bnow wav- ing in the moonlight, and has gone into fainting fits. Now, my dear Miss Rose, don't hold me cap- tive any longer ; for trying as it is, I really must leave you. Duty you know, before pleasure. Rose's lips curled disdainfully as she dropped his arm. " Go and welcome. Never mind me j I am going in search of Kate." It took some time to find Kate. When found she was dancing with a red-coated officer, and Rose had to wait until " The Lancers" was over. Lieu- tenant Stanford was in the same Bet, Mis3 Helen Ponsonby's most obedient servant. The jealous pain that tormented Rose of late was at her heart again at the sight. How little she was to him ! The flower he had given her shone like a pale atar io her hair, but he | had doubtless forgotten that trifling act of gal- lantry five minutes after ; and the tone and the words that had set her foolish heart so wildly beating meant nothing-less than nothing, after all. She made her way to her sister's aide when the dance was concluded. Captain Grierson, a young officer, was bending over Kate with an entranced look that told plainly ho was as far gone as Rose her- self/ Miss Delaplaine turned to her with a brilliant smile that faded at the first glance. " How pale you are Rose ! What is it ?" " Am I pale ?" said Rose, carelessly ; " tho heat, I dare say. Do you know D»ctor Delaplaine has gone ?" " Gone ! Where ?" " To Gower Hall. Papa sent for him," " Papa ! Oh, Rose--" " There ! There is no occasion to be alarmod, papa is well enough ; it is the seamstress." " What is the matter with her ?" " She has seen a ghost !" Kate stared, so did the young officer, "What did you say, Rose?" inquired Kata, wonderingly. " She-has-seen-a-ghost !" slowly repeated Rose, "as old Magery did before her, you know; and, like Margery, has gone off into fits. Papa sent for Doctor Delaplrine, and he departed half an hour ago." Slowly out of Kate's face every trace of colour faded. She rose abruptly, a frightened look in her blue eyes. " Rose, I must go home-I must see her. Cap- tain Grierson, will you be kind enough to find Mr. Stanford and send him." Captain Grierson hastened on his mission. Rose looked at h«r with wide-open oyes. " Go home-so early ! Why, Kate, what are you thinking of ?" " Of that poor girl ! You can stay if you like, Rose. Sir Ronald is your escort." " Thank you. A sweet escort he is, too-grimmer than old Time in the primer. No, if you leave so do I." Mr. Stanford sauntered up while she was speak- ing, and Rose drew back." " What is it, Kate ? Grierson says your are going horn«." Kate's answer waB an explanation. Mr. Reginald Stanford Bet up an indecorous laugh. " A ghost ! That's capital ! Why did you not tell me before that Gower Hall was haunted, Kate ?" "I want to return immediately," waB Kate's answer, a little coldly. " I must speak to Mrs. Ponsonby and find Evvy. Tell Sir Ronald, please, and hold yourself in readiness to attend us." j She swept off with Rose to find her hostass. Mrs. Ponsonby's regrets were unutterable, bat Miss Delaplaine was resolute. " So absurd, you know, Helen," she said to her daughter, when they wore gone ; "such A fuss about a sick seamstress. " I thought Kate Delaplaine was proud," said MÍBS Helen. " That does not look like it. I am not sorry she gone, however j half the men in the room were making idiots of themselves about her." Kate and Reginald Stanford returned as they had come, in the light sleigh ; and Sir Ronald, Rose, and Evvy in the carriage, Rose wrapped in her mantle, shrunk away in her corner and never opened her lips. She watched gloomily, and so did the baronet, the cutter flying fast over the glitter- ing snow, and Kate's sweet face, pale as the moon light itself. Captain Delaplaine met them in the entrance hall, his florid face less cheery than usual. Kate came forward, her anxious, inquiring face speak- ing for her. " Better, my dear ; much better," her father answered. "Doctor Delaplaine works miracles. Grace and he are with her. He has given her an opiate, and I believe she is asleep." " But what IB it, papa ?" cried Rose. " Did she see a ghost ?" " A ghost, my dear," daid the captain, chucking her under the chin. " You girls are as silly as geese, and imagine you see anything you }iko. She isn't able to tell what frightened her, poor little thing ! Eunice is the only one who seems to know anything about it." " And what does Eunice say ?" asked Kate. "Why," said Captain Delaplaine, "it seems Eunice and she were to sit up for you two young ladieB, who are not able to take off your own clothes yet, and they chose Rose's room to sit up in* I About two hours ago the girl complained of tooth- ache, and said she would go down stairs for some pain-killer that was in the sewing room. Eunice, who was half asleep, remained where she was, and ten minutes after, heard a scream that frightened her out of her wits. We had all retired, but the night-lamp was burning ; and, rushing out, Eunice found her leaning against the wall, her face ghastly, her eyes starting, and her features frozen with horror. The moment Eunice Bpoke te hep the dreadful rigidity relaxed. ' I saw a ghost !' she said, in a choking whisper, and fell back in a dead faint in Eunice's arms. I found her so when I came out, for Eunice cried lustily for help, and Grace and all the servants were there in two minuteB. We did everything for her, but all in vain. She lay like one dead. Then Grace proposed to send for her brother. We sent. He came, and brought the dead to life." "An extraordinary tale," said Reginald Stan- ford. " When she came to life, what did she say ?'» " Nothing. Doctor Delaplaine gave her an opiate that soothed her and set her asleep. As he spoke, Doctor Delaplaine himself appeared his calm face as impenetrable as ever. '. How is your patient, doctor ?" asked Kate. " Much better, Miss Delaplaine. In a day or two we will have her all right, I think. She is a nervous little creature, with an overstrung and highly imaginative tpmperament. I wonder she has not seen ghosts long ago. " You are not thinking of leaving us," said Captain Delaplaine. No, no ; I won't hear of it. We can give you a bed and breakfast here equal to any- thing down at the hotel, and it will save you a journey up to-morrow morning. Ia Grace with her yet?" " Yes ; Grace insists on remaining until morn- ing. There is no necessity, though, for she will not awake," Kate gathered up the folds of her rich ball-dress, and ran up the polished oaken stairs, nodding adieu. Not to her own room, however, but to that of the seamstress. The small chamber was dimly lighted by a lamp turned low. By the bedside sat Grace, wrapped in a shawl. On the pillow lay the white face of the seamstress, calm in her slumber, but colorless as the pillow itself. Kate bent over her, and Grace arose at her en- trance. It was such a contrast ! the stately, beautiful trirl with jeweled flowers in her hair, her costly velvet robe trailing the carpetless floor, the opals gleaming weirdly in the dim light, and the perfume of her garments and gold hair scenting the room and the wan little creature lying asleep on the low bed. Poor soul!" said Kate; "poor little thing! Whether we are poor or rich, wo women aro all alik» in the ena. Are you going to stay with her until morning, Grace ?" " Yes, Miss Delaplaino." " I could not go to my room without seeing her ¡ but now there is no necossity to linger. Good-morn- ing." Miss Delaplaino swept out of the room. Grace sat down again. (To be continued.) 