Trade Affairs. A meeting of the Wharf Laborers' Onion waa held on Wednesday night. The president (Mr. M'Killop) occupied the chair. A meeting of the committee appointed to make the arrangements for the picnic to be held in con nection with the watchmakers and jewellers was held on Wednesday. Mr. Hollingdale occupied the chair. The board of directors of the Eight-hour Brick and Tile Co. met on Wednesday night. A meeting of the parliamentary committee of the Trades and Labor Council was held on Wednesday night. Mr. J. E. West occupied the chair. Messrs. Forbes, Cronin, and SymonB were appointed a deputation to wait upon the Premier, re the influx of Chinese, and a number of Ms.L.A. will be asked to be present with the deputation. Nothing fresh has occurred in connection with the Silk Hatters' dispute. Bethel Social Club. — The members and friends of the Bethel Social Club held a very enjoyable concert, m aid of Mrs. Williamson, on Tuesday evening, at the Sailors' Concert-room, under tbe Mariners' Church, Circular Quay, Rev. W. Badley occupied the chair, and in his intro ductory remarks referred in feeling terms to the death of Captain Murray (Cairn bulg), and tne loss of the two midshipmen of the Port Jackson. Toe concert commenced by Mr. E. A, Engel playing an overture. Songs followed, sung by Mr. A. S. Usher, ' Jack's Yarn ' ; 'Call Me Back Again,' Miss Lena Dwyer; and Mr. H. J. Wood 'The Ghost of Joshua , Binn.' Mies Musgrave sang with feeling ' Bid Me Good-bye ; and Mrs. John T. P. Marsh played with brilliancy of touch a solo on the pianoforte. This was followed by ' Which Shall I Marry ' by Messrs. Dawson, Bradley, and Newman ; ' Sweet Spirit Hear My Prayer,' Mrs. D. Crawford j ' Shamus O'Brien,' Mr. W. Shaw ; ' Come Bay My Flowers,' Miss Dunning; solo, ' Dnlcimo/' Mr. Davis; 'Just to Please the Boys,' Mrs. E. A. Engel; ' Belle of the Ball,' Mr. W. &. Stuart ; solo, 'Bones Cobbler,' Mr. W. Prescottj 'Alone in the World,'£Miss Mabel Eichardson; 'Masher King,' Mr. C. D. Baron; 'Sweet violets,' Miss Dwyer; 'Searching for the golden street,' Master Dunning; 'The maid of tbe mill,' Mr. W. Hooke; ' The old rustic bridge,' Mrs. E. A. Engel; and 'O, *Arry,:* Mr. Whicher. The chairman announced that he would be able to hand over to Mrs. Williamson the sum of JBlO 9s 6d, as represented by the tickets and cash taken at the doors. Mr. E. A. Engel and Mrs. Marsh discharged the duties of accompanists. . Thje Commonage Question. — In response to a request made by the three members for Northum berland, who waited on him last evening, Sir Henry Parkes promised when in Newcastle to visit the common, and receive a deputation ou the spot on the commonage question. Maliciously Wounding. — Peter Halketh, charged in the Water Police Court with maii cionsly wounding Margaret Crouch, was com mitted this morning to take t»«» fr-jn.1 at'the next Quarter SeaaUns. 