THE MISER'S LEGACY. 11 lie's come, Mr. Herman," . 11 Come/ Come at last? Are you sure of it, JocJ" . " Sure lis (axes," said Joe I'oppinger, with a confident nod of hie head. '-He's taken that old Imusc-tbc Haunted House, the neigh bors cnll it-and he's moved into it, bag and baggage, which aiu't much, by the way." " Any servants with bim, Joe I" "Only one-a crookcd old woman-as threw n porringer of hot water over me when I came round to ax if I could bo of any use. If they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you sec tbc old man yourself, Joe!" "See him, Mr, Herman! 1 sec a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing-gown and a flannel night-cap on his head) and I s'posed iitTcly there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going, lie was a runnin'in and out from the furniture cart like n crazy spider." " That will do Joe, Here isa half-a-crown for yoti." " Tbank'ce, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at the front of his-cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front veraadah. . Bo old Miner MuIimSns-had arrived at last -tlic rich and eccentric relatire-on the re version of whose fortune,real orsupposed, be had nil his life been building aBrial castiws. At last-nnd Herman resolved the very next' day to call a'.d pay his rcspccts,'although the old woman with the hot water did not add to Hi? dcliffhtB of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't beard-from his lawyer that he had taken a lease of the Stone House," mused Mr. Franklyn, "I cerlaiuly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way place awaiting bis advent; and if 1 hadn't thought I could work into his good graces 1 never 6buuUriiavc taken tbc trouble to hunt him up. Hcigbol Sometimes 1 think it would be easier to work for money than to inherit it." And so the next day Mr. l'ranklyn .callcd Miner Molineaux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like Mnrius amid the ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him ns be talKcd. "Well, young man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for tbc hot water treatment, showed him in. " So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," 6aid the young man smoothly. " Humpb I My health is well enough 7 Better than you wish It, I dare say." « My dear sir-" 11 Dut it will make uo difference to you," acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingering tbe rings of the iron box. " I don t deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me-" Herman Frankiyn's eyes glistened. " But it will be to those who consult my wishes more than you have done." " Hut, my dear cousin " " Words are all very well," said the old iniEcr, shrugging his shoulders," but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony-and yet you go una cigage yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. " And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leave you this-this" tapping, as lie spoke, on tbe lid of the box. .' But, Cousin Miner, if you wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions. I did not know that " " Stuff and nonsense I" yelled the old man. " What you knew or didn't know is perfectly Immaterial in inc. Leave me to my honks anil m.v writing. That's all I ask n[ any man living." 4(1 S'i Mr. I'cMiklni Willi! iiv.vjiiilv nwuy. '*1 iiuiaL liruak my snUl lie to himself. '. That's the firat thing, What the eccond will be depends entirely on fate and fortune," Josic Hall was Bitting in the farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black eyed, damask-checked girl, with velvety eye-' brows, and a round, red dot of a month ; and in thoso dark eyes glistened a light half resentful, half Anguish, assbc looked straight at Herman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. "It isn't that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the signals of keen morti6eation blazing on his cheek. " But I think pcifcaps it wonld be better for both of us--" . "And I haven't the least doubt of it," pas sionately interrupted Josic, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Tray don't waste your time in conjuring np any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward-as at least he esteemed it-came at last. Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill. Being ill, lie was frightened. Being frightened be was solitary. And consequently he sent for his cousin Franklyn, a'thing he never wonld have done in health. " You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman I" he asked, tremulously. " Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured the young man, as the doctor had that mom said that the patient's spirts must be kept up at all hazards. " And you won't leave me ? " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to you," responded the de lighted fortunc-seckcr. "But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molincax ; "she won't like. "Do you think that I could persist in any thing contrary to your wishes ?" reproach fully asked Herman Franklyn. " The en gagement is broken." " Good I" croaked the old man. " Engage-1 mcnte arc a humbug, in any>vent. Engage ments to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, yon've more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth he bccame I speechless. On the sixth he died. , "My fortune is made now," thought Her man, who had listened at the door during the interview with the lawycrriindlieaTINt rections given connecting his name with tbfl padlocked iron box, whereof "the around the dead man's neck. And be felt that Josie had been well sacrificed. " You wasn't at the funeral, eh)" said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle Sew fatter than ever through the cam bric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, "I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to nut mjeelf out to see an old miser buried, tnat I never saw nor spoke to while he was alive." " A man can't be a miser without he's got money, can he ?" said Mrs. Pierce. . " 1 don't rightly know about that," said Widow Unit. " But you donl m^l to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all 1" " Nothing but a few sticks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent store keeper would give change for." The widow's eyes shone through her spec tacle glasses. " Land o' massy I" said she. " And what was in the iron box as everybody had so much to say about-the iron box as was i willed to Herman Franklyn. "Just the sheets of paper as held a diction ary the old man bad been writing all his days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, and he'd spent his all hunting np books as nobody bnt himself ever heard of, and travelling about the country to pick up information. "Humph I" said the Widow Hall. "And what did young Franklyn say ?" " I didn't sit near enough to him to rightly hear," said Mrs. l'iercc, " but them as did tells me he swore an awful oath when be saw what was in the box, and flung the whole bundle on the back of the tire. I saw it blaze up myself." "And was that all?" asked the Widow Hall. " That was all," responded her informant. " I am glad of it I" cried out Josie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. " I never was so glad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn callod the next day, meek and subdued. If Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both her armB around his neck and vowed that she loved him better than ever. But she was only n very human little girl, so she stood up with dignltv and said : " I wonder at your assurance in coming here, after all that has transpired, Mr. Franklyn." '. But, Josie " " There is the door, sir!" said Josic, " Please to walk out P And there was ^hing left for it but to " walk out." X, Old Miner MolincanVsleem quietly n ilit village grave-yard, and jkqolic rumor added yet another ghost to tllotneclral popu lation of the Haunted Hoase-a^yjllow-vis aged old bogey, who wears a wis, iiikI canie. in his hand a padlocked box. 