AMUSEMENTS. Miss Carrie Swain enters upon the last week of her tenancy of the Theatre Royal to-night, when admirers of the lively actress will hear her in new songs introduced into her part of The Tomboy" during the rest of her now brief stay. rnuionsen s New Royal Italian (Jpcra com pany opeus at the Theatre Royal on Saturday next, when "Tl Trovatore " will be staged. The company includes amongst its chief artists tho following: — Prima Donna, Signora Emilia Ciuti ; Signora Tagliaira, Signoriua Cavallari, Signorina Alice Rebattaro ; tenori, Signor Las- zarini, Signor Santiuelii ; baritones, Signor Pimazzoni, Signor Cerue ; bass, Signor Bozzi, Signor De Alba ; 2nd tencr, Signor Bennncci. There will bo an orchestra of 28 performers and a chorns of oti voices under the baton of Signor llazon, aud the representation gives promise of extraordinary excellence. Sub scribers are notified that they can to-day at 11a.m. get their tickets at Paling's, and on Monday at JU a.m. may mark oil! their seats. On Tuesday the general public may chooso their scats for the opening or tor any other of the evenings for which arrangements are already announced. '' Hide and Seek " is the title of tho new farcical comedy to be prodnced to-night at the Opera House. The author, Mr. Walter 8. Craven appears in the leading part, with the support oi a new and powerful company, and the first production is looked forward to with interest. Miss Kmilie Melville took her benefit at tho Criteriou Theatre last night, before a largo audience, vrbsn the actress was honored with tho attendance of his Kxcellency the Governor, who, with Capiaiu Wallington (private secre tary), witnessed the performance. There were aHo of the Government-bouse party Mr. Balford, Mr. Mackenzie and Mr. Hohler, visitors lately arrived from .England, Tho piece went well, Miss Melville showing all her usual vivacity, and the beautiful quartet, ''Something very peculiar," with its unaccom panied passages, was given with all refinement and accuracy by the artists concerned. " Les Cloches de Corneville " will be revived at the Critorion Theatre this evening, when tho charin of the opera will he enhanced by the interest attaching to a cast introducing some old friends in new characters. Miss Fannie Eiduiard makes her first appearance as Serpolettc, and Miss Colborue-Babor takes the part of Gcrmaiue. Mr. Amies Beaumont sings "Grenicheux," Signor Verdi the 14 Marquis," Mr. Kelly plays the Miser, and Messrs. Forde and Allen appear as the iiailio and Gobo respectively. M. Caron conducts the orchestra as heretofore, and new scenery has been painted by Mr. Clint. " His Natural Lite" is announced for pro duction at the Gaiety Theatre this evening, when the version staged will be an eutirely new adaptation from Marcus Clarke's great novel. Air. W. South will play the part of Kufas Dawes, Miss Marie Wilton will appear as Silvia and Miss Julia Esmond as Sarah Purfoy. " An English Las?," the felicitously-chosen title of Messrs. Dampier's and Krieger'.s drama tisation of Mr. Cobbold's life of "Margaret Catchpole," has proved a good drawing piece at the Royal Standard Theatre, where it is remarkably well staged aud is likely to do well for some time to come. It will be played to night and until further notice. lingo's Buffalo .Minstrels tender a compli mentary benefit to Mr. Charles Hugo to-night, when the company also make their farewell ap pearance at the Academy of Music. The com pany is reinforced by Mr. Carroll and other artists, who contribute to a special programme, which tho popularity of the beneficiary has onabled him to get ready at short notice. A contest for a valuable silver enp, presented by Mr. Hugo, will ,be carried on, when the award will be made to the best clogdancer. Signor Agrati's New Europeau Speciality Company opens at tbc Academy of Music on Monday, when Wainratta, the great wircropc dancer, will appear, and nearly all the other artists will be new to this part of the world. Little Ida Heath, a graceful dancer and "change artist," the Heaths, the Ryans, Mr. E. Clark, the banjoist ; Mi£3 Alien Conway, Miss Ada Venctta aud others form the backbone of the company. The Philharmonic Society annonnce tbeir grand performance of Mendelssohn's " Elijah" for Monday, wheu the oratorio will be given in tbc University-hall. Special trams iiavo been arranged for with the department, by which visitors will be conveyed home on the termina tion of the concert. Miss Elsie Stanley-Hall takes Iter benefit concert at the Protesiant- hall on March 18, to which date, now definitely fixed, the committee has postponed the affair. The patronage of his Excellency and a very distinguished party has been secured, and seats should be obtained at, an early date by those wishing to attend. The Japanese Village and Fryer's United Circus has proved a great success at the Exhi bition Building, where, in a three hoars' liberal programme, five great shows are on view at a very low rate for admission. The trained ponies and riding goats aud performing dogs are all clever, whilst the juggling is such as can only he done by those ingenious people tho Japanese. The Manly Aquarium is open as usnal for this aftenioou and evening, when the pleasures of the seal-house aud fish-tanks will bo varied by excellent music. The special Sunday boat leaves Sydrey at 7 p.m., returning at 9 p.in. The Stra.L urg Clock continues to excite much attention at :;« Apollo-hall, wncro this after noon a matin- .: will be held for children. Family tickets, six for 4s., are now issued. The Australian Waxworks have now "ihdas," their new mystery on phow, and the Monnt Ronnie criminals and Barrier Island murderers have been added to the chamber of horrors. Cottiers' people's concerts and minstrel entertainment will be held in the Protestant- hall to-night as on previous Saturdays, when a new and varied list of songs and comic surprises will he performed. With the object of securing new pieces and companies to succeed those at preseut holding the Criterion and Gaiety Theatres, where the seasons are now growing old, Mr. John Solomon yesterday left Sydney for Mel bourne. The Sydney Artistes Concert Company give tbeir second concert at St. Leonards on Monday, when Messrs. Allpress, Hallowell, Gainor, Haeucrbeia, Miss Frances Saville and other artists will appear. On this occasion little Miss Stanley-Hall will contribute to the pro gramme. A concert was given in the Protestant-hall last evening for the benefit of the German Church, under tho patrouagc of the captain and officers of the German inan-of-war Adler. There was a good attendance, and tho pro gramme contained many excellent numbers, the band of G.LMJS. Adler discoursed Mil- loeker's marsch " Bcttelstudcnt" and the waits " Don Cmsar" very capably, while the Glee Club, ander the able baton of Herr Siisanalch, sang " Staudehen" (Yon Marschncr) and " Am Rtein" so exceedingly well that the hall rang again with applause. Herr LanghanB proved himself a pianist of inoch ability, and with Here Winckelmann (cello) played as dnets Adagio (Yon Goltermaun) and Gavotte (Yon Popper). " Robert der Teufcl" was delight- felly song by Fraulein Emma Waltber, andM. Poussard's violin solo on charming melodies composed by the eminent violinist himself, provoked the enthusiasm of the audience. Mr. G. Morgan sang " Du Bist so nah nnd doch so fern" and " Good- by, sweetheart, good-bve" with fine feeling if. Kowalski played Chopin's Polonaise in A fiat in brilliant style, and receiving a rapturous encore, gave the molodiea " Ach wie Ut's Moglish Dann" and " Wer Willunter die Sola- ten." These numbers were vociferously ap plauded Dr. Max was down for a Ghost Story, and M. Ponssard's violin solo— -u Praeludium Yon Bach (Gounod) was one of the fine treats of the evening. A children's matinee, taking the form of a magic lantern lecture, entitled "Round tho World with a Magic Lantern," is to be given this afternoon in the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts by Mr. C. Havtiaud. The illustrations, comic and scenic, will be numerous. Yesterday-Mr. Pain handed to the Principal Under Secretary a cheque for £70 16s. on behalf of the charities. This makes a total of £411 lfis. which the charities have benefited through these displays. The next display is on Thursday, March 3, and the large staff of work men are already busily employed preparing grand patriotic devices to commemorate the anniversary of the departure of the Soudan contingent and also their return. Mr. W". J. Churchill Fisher's Australian can tata, u The Emigrants," was performed at the Town-hall, Parramatta, on Tnesday evening, tbc singers being composed principally of local amateurs. Miss Shlpway undertook the char acter of Nellie with marked success, her singing of "Love, my love." being particularly fine. Miss Moss, as the Mother, was well received throughout, and both ladies were encored. Mr. W. E. Davies was accorded an encore for the captain's song, and Messrs. . F Callagh&a; (Robert) nod 8. J. Ferguson (Father) were re warded with a good share ot applause. The chorus " Solemnly, plaintively was nicely given : bnt the others showed a want of prac tice. Mr. Fisher acted as conductor, and Mr A. Maesey and Miss Fisher provided the accom paniments. Mr. Yernon Beid's farewell concert, though sot so well attended as the high merits of the artist deserved, was musically a great success, a very strong programme having been selected. Mr. Reid himself sang Blumcnthal's " An Evening Song " with great finish and delicacy, the judgment shown, in the transition from register to register of the voice, and the purity of tho singer's style commending the rendering to alL Mr. Reid waa very warmly applauded, and added " Only Once More," which was more robustly, thongh.not better given, and he alno joined with Miaa Frances Saville in an admir able rendering of the great duet in tbe " Bo hemian GirL" Miss Saville, whose voice seems to have become fuller and richer in tone than formerly, gave a good interpretation of great Bravnra song, " Ernani Involarai," and Mr. Wbl Walshe was at his best in O'Sullivan's u Once Again." Messrs, Gainor aud Fnrcy Jones and Miss SL CJair were absent, but this fortunately led to the addition of extra num bers by Mr. Hallcwell and other artists, the former giving "The Monk" in deep full tones and gTcat feeling, and hIbo the jovial ".Hybrias tho Cretan." Mr. E. Lewis Scott, who bas not been heard, we believe, for some 13 years, was warmly received for a comic ong tho " Gooac," and for " The Spanish Cham pion" (recitation), and Mr. Harry Woods and Mr. Knight Aston contributed tenor songs, tbe latter singing tho rollicking, air by Luconie, "Eatu- diantina," with all his usual spirit. Mr. Rivers Allpress was encored for a brilliant rendering of a graceful subject by Sarasatc, tbe violinist; entitled " Zigennerweisen." Mons. Kowalski and Mr. F. M'Quade played, and played mar- eUously well, the u Galop de Bravonre," arranged for two pianos. However, we prefer to bear the dashing galop in its original setting as a solo, the Little extra brilliancy of effect gained by the use of two pianos being counter balanced by the loss of the incisive clearness which may be produced on the one instrument. As an encore, the " Marcbe Hoagroiae" was played, and this, too, was thoroughly accepta- able. "We understand that Mr. Reid leaves Sydney for the Mauritius on the 19th inst. and that he will ther join an opera company, and after a short season journey on to the Cape. The delicacy of the singer's method would probably be less effective on the stitgc, where Ding-power goes a long way with pit and gallery, than in a concert-room but in either sphere the artist must prove welcome, and bid departure will prove a distinct Iosb to this city. 