DOROTHY'S _SECRET. liy the Author o£ ' Patiexcb Brooke,' 'A DOUHTKL'L FORTUNE,'1 &c.; CONTINUED. 'I don't know,' I saM, pettishly. ' I think her look is very much like that of a person who has Homct.hing to hide.' ' Nonsense, Imogen !' he rejoined. ' Miss Wynn's countcnnncc is u very good one — open and ingenuous.' 1 said no more, but sat down to write lo Henry Mordaunt a full, true, and particular account of all I had seen and hcnrd since we parted, especially dwelling on the legend of the unknown chamber. CllAl'TKIl Vf. When Saturday evening; arrived, I l-cgnn to wonder that Mr. Trossilian lind not been amongst our visitors. His non-apnearniicc vexed mo a little, because — I told myself — I quite longed (o ask him about the ghost he had seen. Meanwhile I re'solved to 'go and pny Dorothy a visit in her own rooms, which I had not seen since the day nftp.r our arrival at Plas Madoc. She had 'been with me occasionally during1 the five days of our residence at the Plas, but only for a ehort time each day, to ask i! she could in any way be of use to us. : f had heard from Nancy that Miss Wynn had a new servant, a country girl — ' n nice enough little body,' Nancy said, ' who had been taught by Miss W ynn at the Roman Catholic School years ago ; and wlio wns quite devoted to her now mistress.1 'She doesn't sleep here as yet, Miss Imogen,' said Nancy, ' for the evenings nro fine, and her mother's cottage isn't fur oft' ; but she is to sleep, I hear, in tho winter, in Miss Wyun's apartments. How that young lady cau bear lo live all alone in them haunted, rooms I can't thiuk She must bo very good or., very during, I say; Jjut of course I don't believe, as these ignorant Welsh-people do, that she's n witch.' ' A witch i' J exclaimed. ' Nancy, how ridiculous ! Do they actually believe in witchcraft in this country still ?' ' Yes, ma'am, they do. Mrs. Williams says as she is sure Miss Wynn knows the black art, and that that was how she got such powet' over Mrs. Lloyd before her death. She bewitched the old lady ; and Mrs. Williams thinks she has bewitched .Nest, her new little maid, also.' 'By the same meuiifl, no doubt,' I observed, smiling—' by kindness and goodness, Nancy ! I don't liku tbut Mrs. Williams; she is a horrid old thing. You must learn to keep house, Nancy, and tlion I will put you in her place.' ' Oh, no, ma'am, on no account !' cried Nancy. ' I couldn't speak Welsh to the folks about tho place ; and somehow I shouldn't like to be over people who ain't of my own race. And I don't think much ol the Welsh at all, Miss Genio, from what I've seen of them so far. Miss Wynn, too, is a very slrango young Indy, and not at all liko our English young luilies. She scarce over goes out, except botweon seven and oight in tho morning to mass ; and sho has hours for reading and ? meditation, when even Nest inusn't disturb her or knock at her bud room door. And sho distils things herself, and cooks and teaches Nest to do tho same.' ' She is a devout Roman Catholic, that is all.' I said. : ' May be, Miss Tmogon ; but I don't hold with that way of thinking at nil. I've a Fox's Hook of Martyrs of my own. I know something of their ways, I can toll you— and they nin't pleasant ones.' Jt was with some curiosity that I knocked tit Miss Wynn's door that evening, after our uwn.diunnr. My rap was answered by a stout rcd-fucod country girl dressod in tho Welsh costumo, very fresh and cloau-looking. 1 bade hor nsk Miss Wynn if she would seo mo, and at tho sound of* my voice Dorothy came out of the octagon room and advanced with extended hands to greot mo. ' it is not quite tho right timo to mnko a call,' I said, laughing, as, retaining my hand, sho led mo into hor sitting-room ; ' but wo havo been bo busy to-day that theso nro tho first, loisuro moments I could call my own.' ' You nro wolcomo at this or any other hour,1 silo said, in hor low sweet tonos. ' Will you ait down hero V Aud she drew an easy-clmir up to the sido of tho window, which was opon, though tho lamp on the table was already lighted.. A full moon wna onBtiii'' a broad silvery radinnco over tho belt of anciont trees which lay bolow, and just showing tihosily outlitios of tho distant hills. Thero omno on tho air » strong perfume ol liiuo-Wossoins and lillies— that of the latter from some tall white flowers which stood on the little balcony beneath the window, that of the former from tho trees which clustered closely round my future garden. I have always since connected the perfume of the queen lily with th« idea of Dorothy Wynu. ' What .glorious moonlight !' 1 exclaimed. 'Yes'; lovely, is it not ? I have been sitting idly dreaming' iii it for the last quarter of an hour,' sho said. ' I cannot think,' I remarked, ' how you can bear to bo so much alone — / could not endure it.' ' Because,' s!ie said, ' you havo always had companionship, and companionship of a high order. I have been used to solitude, or to listen to the melancholy reveries of ago.' ' Dear Miss. Wynn,' I .remarked, ' I can not bear to think of such a. youth.' ' But you may, indeed, for it has not been altogether an unhappy one. I have learned to live alone, lo find,, company in books. and in my own1 thoiigh'tsjand be con tent.' ' ?''''' ' You are a wonder of philosophy at eighteen,'] said, with a latent sarcasm in the words, for 1 did not believo in the possibility of her being content with such an existence - ; ' No 'wonder' if you knew all. my life,' she rejoined. ' 1 wns a poor child at a school when first i remember anything distinctly— very ill-used, struck often, con stantly scolded, with, insufficient clothing and little food. I have had personal experience of hunger, cold, and ill-usage. From these very real miseries dear Mrs. Lloyd took me, brought me at ten years of nge to live with her here, and was n mother to me. What did I — whii hud known real physical suffer ing rind tho mental pains of enduring injustice and cruelty — want bevond tho pence, the comfort, the safety of tliis home V There was a mournful echo in her voice, which lud a pleasing pathos in its tones. I listened with warm sympathy. .'Bui may I usk, dear Miss Wynn how it chanced that you were thus abandoned V I inquirer]. , 'My lather, a poor but well-born Welsh curate, died when 1 was a baby ; my poor mother wns left with only twenty pounds a year — so she took a situation as teacher in a school, receiving only a very small pittance, because she was permitted to have her baby with her. My first recollections are of that dear, pale, overworked mother, whose life censed on earth when I was only five years old. Her employer did not send mo to the workhouse, perhaps because' the twenty pounds a vear remained to me. and the ' Sous of the Clergy' Fund gave me a pension of ten pounds a year more. On this sum they were expected to feed and educate me. They tried to mako a profit out of this pittance, Mrs. Lloyd told me, and they looked on me as an encumbrance and a burden, and were cruel to inc. I was, as Charles Lamb snid of the children of the poor, ' dragged up,' not ' brought up,' till dear Mrs. Lloyd rescued me, brought me to her , home, and trained me in the true faith.' Dorothy crossed herself as she spoke. ' How came she to hear of their cruelty r' I asked. ' I don't know ; I never did,' replied Dorothy. ' I only know that one day, when, with chapped and bleeding fingers, I was drawing water from a half- frozen cistern, I was called down to a Indy, who took my poor blue hands in hers, and felt my miser able clothing, and then spoko to Mrs. Evans, my schoolmistress, with withering scorn. I did not understand then all she said ; for I had grown very dull and stupid from the oppression under which I suffered. But I wns soon aware that a hnppy change had come over me when I found tnj'self wrapped up in a warm fur-cloak, and travelling in my now friend's carriage here.' She paused, sighed, and then continued — 'Mrs. Lloyd clothed me, fed mo, taught me — J have known no other care but hers.' 'But how came your own relatives to uoglect.yon so /' J asked. ' I have no relatives but Frank Tressilian, my cousin; and then ho was u schoolboy.' 'But ho is a relative of Mrs. Lloyd's — therefore she must have been a relative of yours also,' 1 said. ' No,' she corrected ; ' Frank's father was her second cousin — his mother was my mother's sister. It is only a connection by marriage,' 'Ah, I see!' There, was a pause ; and then 1 said— 'A first cousin is like a brother; you must be glad to have Mr. Tressiliau near you.' ' Yes ; of course. And he is very good aud kind ; but, as ho is of a roving nature, and he does not liko Wales, his neiehbour hood is embittered to mo by the knowledge that ho chafes at being bound hero.' ' Is ho also a victim of that extraordinary will ?' I asked. 'Oh, no! But he promised Mrs. Lloyd thnt ho would live on tho property sho gave him ; aud his promise binds him of course, as much ns her will might have done.' 'Still he can go away often,' I said. ' And ho does ; ho is often in London with his friend Herbert Rolfe,' sho returned. ' The gentleman I saw with him at tho theatro?' . 'Probably. I think Mr. Ashton's and your presenco hero may help to reconcilo Frank to a Iifo on land, though ho really pined at first for tho son.' 1 1 understood,' I said, greatly surprised, that Mr. Tressilian was a doctor, anil had attendod Mrs. Lloyd in hor last illness.1 'That is quite true. J To is a doctor, nnd ho did attend Mrs Lloyd ; but originally he wns a surgeon in tho Nnvy. Ho camo on leavo to slay with Mrs. Lloyd about a year ago— she was then ailing. He attended her us a medical mau. Sho wns so pleased with him that sho persuaded him to give up his profession nnd live at Trovonion, which she finally left to him Ho wns ho much nttachod to tho denr old Indy that ho could rcftiBo her nothing. It was a great sacrifice, I am snro, nt tho time, but ho could not Icavo her suffering.' Thoro was. a pause. 'He has not yet boon to soo us,' I said, nt length ' Does ho como often to soo you ?' 'Not often since 'Mrs. Lloyd's death only oneo, I think, since ho enmo back from town.' 'Won't you como down with mo for an hour or two?1 I asked, rising nnd holding out my bund. b 'Not to-night, ploaso,' sho said ' if you will oxcuso mo.' ' Will you dino with us to-morrow ?' [to be continued.] 