THE MOMENT AFTER.— A YU LET IDE CHRONICLE." BY ROBERT BUCHANAN. Airrnoit ok "shadow of the swoud," '.'it . child of x.wuise," "GOD AND tiik MAN," &0,. clial'tki: I. " As tho scaffold crashed under my feet, 03 Iho knot crushed my throat, and a great sharp agony blotted out die bubbling life witljiu me, 1 heard a roaring as ol a tumultuous ocean covering nnd submerging nto ; the moment ifter" ... ' . Having read thus far, Rcdbrook paused, scmewkut jiajo, and, simultaneously, lira hells oi the neighboring church rang out in jubi- lalion — foritwasCliristmasmorniiig. Ho looked up — listening. "Peace on earth, good will lo men!'' rung 'out the" bclis. If he heard them at all, it was ouly as if in u dream ; his thoughts were evidently far awav. The light crept iu through tho windowof tbe room, and slioue full upon li in powerful features, with l heir eyeball.) some what sirekeuincavemou3 Sockets. a hard, weatherheateu face, yet with flying gleams of humor rouud the edges of the lips. Handsome, too, . aud still youug ; though the hair uud heard showed straggling gleams of grey. With ren impatient gesture, lie passed hit hand over his eyes, aud then, bending over the miuiuscript, read ou. It wus a rougii scraivi, so v.ildly written as to be exceedingly difficult to rend ; but, clearly, it possessed some unusual interest. As lio read lie seemed to be held iu fascination. He read on to tho end ; m'.d then, tnrniug hack to the beginning, read on to tho end pgaiii. " Peace on earth, goodwill to men!" rang lira hells. Tlra skeleton of a marmoset, standing on the mantelpiece sido by side with the skeleton of a human fratus preserved in spirits of wine, seemed to ba gravely regarding itself in the mirror. AU round were shelves covered with bottles and phials used iu a country doctor's dispensary. Tho room, indeed, was half dispensary — or surgery — and half study ; tfor ia ono corner was a small well filled bookcase. A bright fire burned i n tbe grate. Outside, the snow was thickly falling. Rcdbrook sat at Iiis bureau, facing the window. From that position lie could see the gloomy walls of Fordmonth Prison, looming darkly through the falling flukes. Nervously, almost impatiently, he threw tho manuscript dowu, rose, aud began pacing up and down the chamber. " It is a strungo business !" he reflected. "Yv'lmt is must slratigc of all is the man's transformation, llis tale, sucli us it is, one may easily refer to diseased cerebration, caused by the -horrible shock of that frightful experi ence ; it is not so easy to understand the sudden cessation of the devilish instinct withiu him." He raised die manuscript again, and read— " The inomi lit lifter" .... . " Peace ou earth, good will to men!" rang out the bells. Glancing sidelong towards the window lie saw ft slight dark figure moving silently through the snow in the direction of tiie prison, and recognised tho Rev. Charles S had well, tho prison chaplain, a pule, spare, clean-shaven mail, more resembling a priest of tlio Roman Church than a Christian clergyman. Quietly, swiftly, with liead erect, Sliadwcll moved through the whiteness of the storm. " Confound tiie fellow !" muttered Rcdbrook. "He haunts tlra place liko a ghost, with us keen a scent for human misery us a vulture lms for carrion ! 1 ivoudcr what lie has to say to this nightmare?" . -, As ho spoke the chaplain approached the prison gates, and vanished within them. "This will uevcr do!" cried tho doctor, looking at his watch. " I must ha off upon uiy rounds, aud sec if a little sunshiuc and fresh oxygen will put my nerves in order. ' I feel as superstitious as uu old woman." . So fayiug, lio locked tlra manuscript in bis bureau, and, walking out into tho lobby, put on his greatcoat, lrat uud gloves, aud opened the street, door. As ho did so he: found himself fuca to fuco with ono of tho warders from the prison, wliosuluted him in military fashion, uud said, " Y'ou aro wanted at once, doctor . Somctkiug wrong again iu the con dcmuodccll." ClIAFTUn II. j.i ; Iu lira month of September, 18 — , tlra neigh borhood of Fordmouth was startled by the first report of a most horriblo murder, committed iu the suburbs of the town by one Maurizio Modcuu, an Italian, of about 50 years oi age. Tiio victims wero Modcua's wife, an Englishwoman, and her paramour, a young sailor, who hud been liomo ouly a few week? from sen. Ia a freuzy of jealous passiou, Alodirau had first stabbed the lover through the heart iu the public street, und had afterwards, proceediug to his owu house aud tho woman's chamber, dragged his wife, half naked, from tho lied, forced lrar upon her knees, nnd . stabbed her ferociously again and again. The neighborhood had been alarmed by ber shrieks, hut no one had dared to go to lier ussistaucc, for Madeira was woll known as a most desperato character. Tho police had at lust appeared upou the scene, to find the murdered womuu stretched out upon the bed, with - her hands placed crosswisc upou her breast, und all marks of violence removed from Tier face, wluio Modcuu, standing by the bedside, pale as death, but perfectly calm, said quietly, iu his strong foreign accent — "Como iu, gentlemen 1 You see itis all over, aud if you wont me, I am at yonr ser- .vicc," Without a 6lrugglo or a protest,- ho hail suffered himself to bo arrested. Inquiry into tlra man's antecedents elicited tho following facts: — Modcna had come, to Fordmouth somo 15 years before, and had opened a small shop for tlra sale of marine stores, and sailors' clothing. It was a dingy, dreary place, overlooking tho quay, and Modena, who hud himself oncobeeu a sailor, was asdiugy and dreary us hisplaccof business. Tall, guuut, with jet black hair, beard and eyes, aud a complexion of spectral pallor, lie dwelt in the dark shop, like a spider iu his web, oa tlio lookout for customers who Ecldom came. Ho was, however, houest enough in his deal ings. besides being a man of no littlo education. AIucli of Iiis time was spent in rending works' in tlio Italian touguc, of which lie possessed a ' goodly number. Although harmless generally, lie awakened general dislike by his solitary lrabits, and his reserved ami saturnine de meanor ; hut on mora than one occasion, under irritation, he lrad slibwu sinus of a violenr ilia. position. Great was lira astonishment of nil who know iliim when, one lino day, he brought home a wife, a dark eyed, black I, rowed girl of 19, tho daughter of a fisherman in an adjoining village. Bold cf speech and, manner, and utterly i (literate, sira had fascinated tho foreigner by her coarse beauty, un.d as she was without a penny, while ho was moderately well-to-do, she had been glad enough to accept iiis offer of marriage. Soon after thoy settled down together, quarrels tbegan. The woiuuu was reckless, both by disposition uud hy training, tlra man furiously jealous of lrar slighlest look or word ; and it scou bccumo obvious .that jealousy in this particular cose was uot unreasonable.' Modena, however, watched his wife liko a very Argux, so that she had few opportuuitirs oi eluding'his vigilance. On one occasion, when he found her drinking with some sailors in n neighboring tavern, hp sprang upon herliko a wild cat and drugged her home. Had lio been a moro popular character, his position would liavo awakened sympathy, for tl.o woman's character was uotorjpns.' His violence, hdWevcr, turned the scale of popular " in her favor, and she became, in spite I ail imperfection, an object ot interest. ..Wretched and unhappy, tbe two were liviijg together in the old house on the Qu&r;, when one liioruiag a voung sailor, a distant relative ot tbe wife, turned up and claimed acquaintance. So as fresh ffomsea, with plenty of mono v in tiis pocfceLs, and Modem made hiin welcome $0 his own and his wife's society. So acquiescent and unsuspicious did the Italian seem in this particular instance, that affairs weut on quite pleasantly 1or some days. Cirrunutances soon occurred, however, to convince Modena that the rcUtious between the young stranger und his wife were at least suspicious. Still he made no igu. The three frequently uiade merry together at the sudor's expense. Then came the tragedy. Mcdena had occasion, or pre tended to have occasion, to absent himself tor U night from home. Returning uuexpectediy t early dawn, he met the yonng man coming trom his house, and, withouc a word of . explanation, sprang upon him, stabbed him, and left him dead in the street ; then, entering the shop aud proceeding to a bedroom npstairs, iouad his wiie still suffering from the t . effects of a night of carouse and debauch, and murdered her ia the munuer I have described. £ruught .up before the magistrates, Modoua yjrccMi' 'ved tbcgoiue culm, self-possessed demeauor whech ho had showu when tuken red hauded his wife s body. -Popular feeling an high! against bim, and, hud un opportunity occurred, he wouU certamiy fiavu tieen carried off by tbe populace aud lyucfied. He pleaded guilty, »ua was committed lor trial at tfie eusuiug cussious. H bile be lay iu ForJuioutb J'rison awaiting his trim fur wilful murder, tbe mau reutaiued calm aud impenetrable as belore. "rlts health, however, suffered. Srttmg aloue iti his cell, be WoUid tttiktobnnself I ur hour i u fiis owu tongue, and wlivu spukeu to by the prisuu officials would auswer like a tnau wnose miud was wauderifig. He took little or no iood. At last he becuuio so leefilu that it was deemed advisable that lie should be seeu by ifi,; medical officer, aud JJr. Red brook accoidmg made bis apjjearauce, P.edbtook at first accosted linn iu Koglish, biic receiving uusaiislactory or ambiguous answers, addressed him presently in Italian, ibe muincut he did so tiie man's pale lace lighted up, dad his lethargy departed. "Whacistne matter with you?" asked the (Ureter. " 'd'hev tell uie timt you refuse to take ». your tuod. " " Yes; siguor. Why should I cat; seeing that J bum so soon to die ' " You bare not been tried yet, mv man." ibe prisoner looked at uitn rmarply and eagerly. " Do you tkiuk, siguor, that riiey will liung ' me " " That is not the question. . Auswer mine. At you trying to starve vourselt io death " ' No, sfguor, said tbo mau, ivitfi u curious stniie. i bate no wish to die. But 1 do not , expect to receive justice here iu iiuglaud, und hs im see, 1 am prepared.'' "J be words were lucid enough, but the Spcuket s manner was peculiar. Modena sat OU tne side o: his pallet, with luce half averted, his eyres fixed ou ibo wall ot in? ceil', hi? lips Srutmurmg us ;t »,r were tulkrag to himself. His pulse was leverishlv quick though feeble. " Ibeie Uoesii t eeein lo be much tbe matter With vou, said Kedbrook. " Pake my advice, nnd eat and drink ptieperiy, if you can." Aud he turned to leave the ceil. Oue moment, siguur," cried Modena sud denly. " Have intv tair.cd her ? " " Y'our wite? Ot course." " Bhe did not speak again ? She was quite dead ? Ab, yes, I remember. Siguor, £ killed her! It was the best way. Y'ou hould havo heard bow she shrieked when the kuiie went into her heart I Jt was music to me. If it was all to do again, I would dp tbo jurne — like this." With flashing ores, he waTOd his right arm in the air, as.ir he were stabbing bis rictiin. At that moment he looked more like a wild beast than a man ; but while the doctor lotk'ed at him in wonder, he became quite calm, und laughing nervously, began again muttering to himself. When ihe day of trial came, and Modena appeared in conrt, he seemed to hare grown years older. Clinging to tho edge ot the dock, he looked round with a dazed wonder ing expression, but the moment his naine was called he drew himself tegether, folded . his urins on his brcust, and smiled calmly. Arraigned for wilful murder, he at once pleaded guilty. Asked whether he had any reason to offer against the pronouncement of tbe sentence of death, he began a wild, ' faiubhug statement, a record ol his wife's in- hdefities and his own wrongs, which was interrupted by tiis owu counsel, engaged for . him by tbe Italian Consul, who put in Ihe plea (if utsuuuy. The prison doctor was called. Asked it he Jmd examined the prisoner, and if lie- had discovered auv indication ol aberration ol intellect, Reubruok KDSWered iu the negative. in bis opinion, Modena was sane enough to be leiponsibls for his actions. " Thank you, signer," cried Modena with a smile. Tne oniv extenuating circumstance in tbe safe was the degraded character of the dead woman. It was clear, however, that Modena had acted with cold-blooded deliberation, had laid a trap into which Ins victims had fallen, .. and had carefully planned the murder. He was thereupuu sentenced t.i death, iivt-n then he preserved hi self command, With arms folded on his .bread he faced his judge and listened to thu sentence. But, as he turned to ieare the dock, he reeled, caught ut the air and fell to tlie ground in a dead swoon. (:!.' FTTH 111. . Stiff insensible, Mo.ieua was carried to his cell. W hen he recovered consciousness he found Kcdbruok bending over iimi. "I Was right, then," be murmured ia ltaliun, Icofciufyreeblv up iutotho doctor's face. Thev will h'-ng me, firmer ? How soon— tell jue, how. Foon V . " i do uot know," auswered Kedbrook. " All yon bale io do now, is to make vour peace with God >. " ' There is no hope — none?'' " Ni'.nc." The prisoner gave a low, liystcrjc.il laugh. -.And you usk me to make my peace with geo : thai. ;» iii .h io „..) a ;r : vaau child. Y'ou are a learned man, siguor, und you must smile with me at such superstition. I3o vou think. if Ibeie bad ln-eu any God, I should have kii'-d Cathe rine? No-, J. should hare left for God himself to punish. I knew better.. 1 knew taut I could blot her out for ever from life, trom the 'World. As i would riush u snail suffer my hsel 1 utciistied'lhat woman. And you — you van talk to uie of God '. " " Tell me this, ' said Hciibrooi. "In what faith have you been reared ? " "My iatber was a Urotesiant, signor." "Then you v.ill ue vi.-ited by tht chaplain A the prison." Modena laughed again. . " ! will die a? 1 iiuve liv?d," lie retlied. . " Yi'hat do yon meace " v " 1 mean that I will listen to.no lies. I sav tbat- there is no God. aud yea, a learned man, ji.man ol science, cannot contradict me. Do. you think that -! have read nothing, that 1 know, nothing'? Do you think that I could rest, here if 1 knew, that what I have done couid be undone, and that Catherine could live again?." " The: km is raving." said the governor who stood poking on Y-on hud better leave him. Re shall see the chaplain." . As the day of execution drew, near the prisoner became calmer, and- caitner. Raving qnite made- up. his mind that there was no hope of- reprieve ho relapsed into lethargy, almost into indifference. He mad? no objection, how ever,. to the ministrations of Ihe chaplain, who, a> visited him. at frequent intervals, and. offered. him the usual consolations of religion. Ho seemed, indeed, rather amused lhan annoyed hy the perfervid zeal of the yonng clergyman, lint again and again, when urged to express his belief and repentance, ho expressed his utter contempt for the teachings of Christianity, and avowed his total atheism. It was an anxious time for the Rev. Charles Shadwell. NeTer in his brief experience had ho enconntared u prisoner so quietly indifferent to everything he himself considered, rscred. He prayed with the prisoner, reasoned with him, argned with him -all in vain. It was all " foolishness, ' Modena said ; death was the end of all, and that being quite certain he was per fectly prepared to die. Nor could ho he persuaded to express tho slightest pcnitonco for Ihe deed he had com mitted. He remaiued firm iu asserting lhat lie had acted within his rights, nnd that, uader tlie same circumstances,; he would do the same again, Tho thrent of everlasting punishment, nnd tho promise of heavenly forgiveness, were aliko unheeded by him. The chaplain re mained helpless io assist him, and we.s full of horror and despair. Once or twice, it. became necessary for Modena, whose piiysicAl health remained very feeble, to see Dr. Redbrook. On each oi theso occasions he reverted to his former professions of absolute nud defiant contempt f.-r religion, and appeared to fanrv that he bad in the phy sician, by very virtue of his office, u secret sym pathiser. Aud if the truth must be told, Red- brook had strong materialistic leauiugs. Never theless, the whole character and temper of Modena revolted and disgusted him. " Religion or no religion," lie thought. " the fellow is a wild beast, and only tit for strangling." The day iixed for the execution caine — a chill morning in' early winter. The evening previous Modena .was informed timt that was to be his last night on earth. He received the information with n shrug of the shoulders, 6upped heartily, ami throwing himself down upon his bed slept heavily hut soundlv, watched by two warders. Awakening about midnight he found the chaplain seated hy his side, and greeted him with ft savage nod. " You have come early,"' lie said. " What is the hour?" ' " ' ' " Twelve o'clork," returned the chaplain, " and in a few hours move " " I shall sleep so. suuud f hat no living jnau shall mo awaken. Altro! . But your own night's rest will be disturbed. 1 will" beg you now to go away. " ' '. "I shall not leave yon now. until your iime come?," returned Shadwell ' 'trembling vio- lently. " You are very good. Y'ou are very anxious about my poor smil ? Well, before this time to morrow my soul will he gone like a breath of foui air. Have I not told yon, one hundred times, Hint you do waste your time'? Why will you uot suffer me to die in peace '?" "It is iu order that you may die in peace j that I am here. Miserable man ! I beseech I you to repent in time. If you will do so. if yon will east yo.iraelf on the mercy of Him who is all merciful, you may yet cave your soul a! We." Thus far the chaplain, in a voice tuff of tears, with a face ghastly pale, with eyes full of infinite faith and pain as infinite, wbeu Modeua, with a furious geffure. interrupted him. "Enough 1 i have heard all that before ; 1 heard it when I was a child ; I heard it there in Italy ; I have heard it here iu England; I have heard it ail over tlie world. But I tell you again, it is all false, and I believe it not. I laugh at it ; I shall laugh at it even witli the rope rouud my neck. Awov with your God. with all your gods 1 1 am a man. 1 came from dnst, to dust I shall return." So saying, he threw. himself again upon his hack, turned his hack upou the chaplain, and seemed to sleep. White as death, tho young clergymen remained watching him. Presently he threw himself on his knees and prayed niond. A prayer out of the depths of his gentle suffering heart, phrased in words so beautiful tbat even the wardcis were almost moved to tears. As he prayed it seemed as if his face was transfigured. At lest he ceased to utter his prayer aloud, und, covering his eyes with liis hands, continued in silence. "What are you doiug?" suddenly asked the prisoner, not looking round. "I am praying." " Have you not prayed enough ? You waste your time. I do not heed you. God does not hear yon. Let ms sleep. " "Sleep, then, and I will pray," said tho chaplain. From that time forward for several honrs Modena made no sign. Tfi all intents aud purposes ho was asleep. At 5 o'clock he stirred, sat up, aud saw the chaplain still upon bis knees, but almost immediately Mr. Shad- well rose, and said — " I am glad you havo slept well. " A warder now usked llio prisoner if he would have his breakfast, but he decline, I to eat, ami asked for a pipe nf tobacco, whicli, at the chaplain's urgent, request, was given to him. He sat on thu bedside quietly smoking, with his eyes fixed on vacancy. Presently lire chaplain made unotbef ineffec- fnal attempt to wring from him souk: sign of faith or peuitence. At lest tin; prison officials appeared. Among them was Dr. Hnlbrcok, whom the prisoner appeared pleased to sec. liven when the executioner entered the cell and shook hands with hint, Modena still preserved his setf-cominand. The nsual hideous formalities wero gone througln Modena v.-as pinioned. The prison hell began to toil. As the procession moved from tlie cell, the chaplain, trembling like a leaf, read the service for the dead. Out into tlie coM wintry morning, aero?. tlie prison yard, up the steps of the rudely exrem- j.orised scaffold, tire man moved with u firm tread, while the chaplain, vviiii uplifted voire, followed hy his sid". The faint, uiindawn was beginning to break, as be stood iu his place, with the black cap drawn over his face, wait ing. Pray to God !" murmured the chaplain in his ear. "Pray to God! — and may lie have mercy on your soul !" The governor of the prison gave the signal, tlie drop fell, the heavy body of the prisoner sank downwards, and almost simultaneously tin: rope snapped like a thread. A cry of agony went up from tlie mouth of the chaplain, WV nnd seemed about to fa'ut, as ho gazedj down upon the pinioned form lying on the ground beneath him. The executioner sprang down, raised Modena in his arms, and lifted tin; cup trom bis face, lie was alive, almost uninjured, and straggling like a man awaking from nightmare. A horrible scene enrued. Tire governor denounced the executioner, who defended him self volubly. Opening his ever, aud looking around him, -Modeua altered a shriek of horror, which was answered hy a pitiful cry from the chaplain. With tbe aid of his assistant, Ihe executioner raised tlie prisoner bodily, nnd dragged bim up again to thu sraffold, where he stood ia tlie red light of morning, struggling in his ninions, and wailing in'terror. "It is infamous;" cried lire chaplain." Take the man back to his cell. This cannot go on." Bat eTen while lie was speaking, the hang man had adjusted a fresh rope, placed it round the victim's neck, and re-ad justed the black cap. The signal was once more given, once more the drop fell, the body of the coedcmned man lurched forward, and theu. . . . Tlie rope, instead of . snapping, yielded strand by strand, until tbe man's feet clipped to tbe ground, and there, half snpportcd and. half suspended, the body, with horrid convnlsions, span slowly roand and ronnd. For tbe second time the hangman bad failed to carry out the sentence of tbe law, and Manrizio Modena still lived. jTo pz Contecctd.1 4 