THE TREASURE OF THORBURNS. By FREDERICK BOYIiE, AutHor^cSt-' Dtf the Border tand,' * A Good JSater,' 'GainpNoteB,'&c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] . ; Chapter XX. — A Sukday Lunch at Thorburns. To allow Mrs. Godseff time for prepar ing lunch Eldred took his guests round the building, and pointed out -the altera tions he designed. No entertainment other than this could have drawn Mr. Eeking from the cares and anxieties which pressed upon him, though in heart as in face he preserved his cool courage. JSldred also found a warm interest in tfie lore which his guest poured forth, and the ideas he suggested. Thorburns had been a eacred thing to the Africander from his earliest recollection, and assuredly it was not less absorbing now, when he had un dertaken to renew its former glories— feel- ing desperately ignorant himself and ad vised to distrust the conventional authori ties. As a matter of fact, Eldred knew better what was required than nine hundred and ninety-nine in a thousand of young Englishmen who might have found themselves in his position. He had tact also, that instructive appreciation of the fitting which belongs to a man of in telligence who has not been corrupted by the barbarism of civilisation. Mr. Esking commended all his ideas for reproducing the appearance of the house as it stood three centuries and a half ago ; that date was chosen because it was the earliest in which any sort of description could be found. A vast deal, of course, - Eldred had been obliged to reconstruct from his moral consciousness, and it was flattering to learn from an antiquarian so, distinguished that he had made no serious error. Mr. Esking was a good deal con cerned about the gate towers, which he described as unique. Not a stone should be touched there, inside or out. Eldred: agreed with him, and when his con currence was established Mr. Bsking'js tqgwoval of everything proposed became ?ftpi^tiBinsrfiift- ?'.',.'?'.. :'-.: '? .'.-.' . .??,'-.'??.-'' : .1 Kate and Mendel were frankly bored by his learned talk and the pauses for dissertation. They wandered aiield, exploring the neglected shrubberies, in venting grotesque legends, and laughing loud at their own fancies. They reached the Pool Dam suddenly, and Arthur was rewarded by an outburst of surprise quite as pretty and as clamorous as he had hoped. In fact, the view of that black water sleeping fifty feet below, unseen be hind a mask of trees which grew on the very edge of the precipice, was startling to nerves more robust than Kate's. 'Oh, how awful I'' she exclaimed with eyes rounded and lips parted in unfeigned horror. ' What a ghastly pit. Oh, Hilda ! Did you know of this ?' She turned and ran with graceful impatience towards the other party. 'Mrs. FanBhawe has discovered our Pool Dam, I suppose, ' said Eldred. ' Come and look at it, Miss Esking, from the stoop — terrace, I mean.' They clambered over the ruins of the banqueting-hall, which had fallen out wards on this side, whilst Kate breath- |p leesly described the dreadful chasm she ji- had seen. \\\ ' Here it is,' Eldred said. ' I confess i that this ornament to my grounds is rather II a disconcerting object to come upon un- I prepared.' I] ' It is, indeed. I have often seen it, I] you know, from the tower, but a near ij view is much more strikes- Why- Mr. Thorburn, I wonder that fiOn« of your ancestors had it drained, if oaJf to find the Treasure. It must lie there.' 'Tradition says not. And beskiis I understand that the pool was not dry at that time. Is it not so, sir 1' 'I should not care to say positively. Tradition does not tell who made it ; at least, your uncle did not know.' 'Indeed!' replied Eldred thought fully. 'I took it for granted that this work was carried out much later. My father thought so, I fancy. Anyway, Miss Esking, the Pool Dam was never associated with our Treasure.' Kate had warily descended the steps, Arthur in attendance, of course. She came up just in time to hear this observa tion. ' Do you really believe that funny old tale?' 'Most certainly, Mrs. Fanshawe.' ' Dear me ! And are you going to hunt for the Treasure ?' 'As soon as I can get some necessary information.' ' May I ask what the information is ?' ' Certainly. I have to find out which is the oldest portion of my house. I hope to succeed to-morrow.' Eldred felt himself bound by the con vention to lay no trap for Mr. Esking before hostilities were resumed ; and much more, not for a guest. He did not even look towards him, until Hilda eaid — 'Papa could tell you that I should flunk.' The blow was so sharp, suggesting that a clue had been found at last. The fatif^ could not quite command his face. The smile upon it became a wiry distortion, and his voice was harshly irritable. ' A mere student in architecture would tell Mr. Thorburn this wall behind us is de Warren's erection. The lower windows remain almost perfect — rare specimens of domestic building in the fourteenth century.' Eldred looked at them. His excursions into antiquarian science told him that the statement was probable, and he glanced thoughtfully beyond, towards the walk, unseen from this point of view which led to his neighbor's garden. 'Well, I hope to know soon,' he re plied, moving on. Mr. Esking longed to ask how, but dared not. He hoped some body would put the question, but Kate interrupted. She understood partly what was going on, and began to feel alarm at the troubles she had raised — a physical discomfort, not resistance. ' Mr. Mendel says that the water 1b 50 feet deep. Can that be true ?' 'So they say.' '* And not a boat on it, is there ? Sup pose Hilda or 1 were to fall in ? What could you do ?' 'Heaven forbid! For myself, , Mrs. Fanshawe, I could only drown with you, for we have no opportunity to learn to swim in South Africa.' ' That would be chivalrous, but hardly consoling. Pray get a boat, at least, Mr. Thorburn.' ' Let me suggest a drag or two, and a cork jacket, and. a copy of the Humane Society's roles for the treatment, &c;,' said Mendel. ' I will have them all to-morrow,' Eldred replied with energy. ' And I'm most grateful for the suggestion. There was a boat here formerly, 1 believe ; it is lying full of water in the shallows, almost beneath your garden wall, Mr. Esking. Very thoughtless of me to overlook the chance of accident. For God's sake, Miss Esking, come away from the edge. Here U my man to announce lunch at last.' 'I* was wondering,' Hilda said as she turned, 'what could possibly be the object of digging such a pit. It's quite artificial, isn't it, papa !' 'Quite. The brook is dammed half a mile higher up, and makes a little cascade. I imagine that when this pool was dry, the waterfall lay withiu sight, or hearing at least, of the banqueting- hall youder, and it has gradually worked back.' ' A proof that the Treasure isn't there, sir ! In the fourteenth century people didn't care much for waterfalls.' 'A shrewd remark, Mr. Thorburn} but I am not sure that it is safe argument. Anyhow, to make a cutting through a hill, 50 feet deep at least, and, as you believe, a 100, is a work which in later ages would cost an enormous sum of money. Only eccentric millionaires could dream of such an undertaking now, and I may observe without offence that your ancestors have always been too much of the country gentlemen to have millions at their dis posal.' ' And what then ?' Arthur asked. ' Why then, it follows that the Pool Dam could only have been made by labor more or less forced — by corvee. If the work should be found later than the abandonment of villainage, it must still be of that very early date when wages were little more than nominal.' 'Unless, said Hilda, 'the Thorburn who did it had an overpowering motive. He might ruin himself with the object of moving a death-trap. ' ' The very word I said,' Arthur cried eagerly. 'Depend upon it that ugly pond was sunk for the purpose of murdering some body.' They had reached the ball-room. 'I am glad to cut short their speculation,' said Eldred laughing. 'They reflect upon my blameless forefathers to a degree quite embarrassing ? ' 'Oh, I beg your pardon, Mr. Thor burn ? ' ' Don't name it— I was joking. Will you ladies take off your bonnets ?' Mrs. Godseff was standing in the hall to receive her master's visitors with due honor. 'I am curiously interested in your Pool Dam,'.Hilda said, af tergreeting the house keeper. ' May I ask Mrs. Godseff what people used to say of it in her young days ?' ' By all means. I hope you have a dreadful legend, mother ?' ' The Pool Dam? Ay, there was talk of it, mifls, when I was a girl. The old folks shook their heads and put us off, but now I'm an old woman myself, I'm fain to think perhaps they didn't know more than others.' 'That doesn't promise, Miss Eaking. Now, mother, will you send a maid to show these ladies to a room ?' But Hilda -had already taken off her bonnet without glass, and Kate, unwillingly, followed her example. The lunch was so odd that Mr. Esking noticed it, though he had even greater ' perplexities upon his mind than before. i;, *' I cannot forbear to say, Mr. Thor .'bnrn, that you have found an original sorb of cook, '.he observed. **I am hardly acquainted with the science of antiquarian .cuisine, but it vaguely seems to me that these are the kind of dishes I read about — » Arthur exclaimed, ' I'm so glad to hear .some one say that. The extraordinary \- flavors and combinations I have met with. * in this house will never be effaced from my memory.' **I declare for myself,' Kate said, ; f'tihat the point is, are they nice? You gentlemen who travel and study are trudges of the eccentric, but we know as -wall as anyone what's good, and I protest ^hat these rissoles offish, if rissoles of fish they be, are quite the most delicious :i|5ags I ever tasted. What do yon say, HimaT L^fl agree heartily. If thia|is, the an N$0e style of cooking, papa* pray find me L^-^ae recipes for my bopk.' [ ' Perhaps it's South African,'^ said ?'JJi&m;&BBNL; ljkejik I.admit,' Eldred = replied, ..«* but vastly avperior. I seem to ; recognise the pupe fonn of pox fricadel in i&p; dish yon are good enough to praise, -3Paa FanBhawe, -Bat my housekeeper iis solely responsible.' ?- - , . . T - ;. v *»Ahi Mra. Cfcodaeff is. a practical «Rl-»o!og»t i You moat extract the 'If Mr. Thorburn permits, w* F^H have a long talk presently.' And after lunch, whilst the gentlemen smoked at table— Eldred had not yet learned that English ladies are supposed to dislike the smell of tobacco — she and Kate sought the venerable dame in her quarters. The drawing-room had been assigned to her, a small apartment off the frail, with the window looking towards the front. In old times it had another, blocked up centuries ago, when the ban queting-hall was built. So roughly had tiie work been done that naked bricks and mortar stared one in the face on entering at the back of a deep recess. 'Dear me V Kate exclaimed Bares** tically. 'It's not that Mr. Eldred don't cara about my room, madam,' said Mm. Godseff, answering her thought indig nantly. 'He'd fill the blank with gold if I wished it.' 'But I understood iMa was the draw ing- room formerly ?' HiMa remarked. ' Aye ; look at the ceiting.' It had been whitewashed and repaired as well as a country upholsterer could do it before Mrs. Godseff came into occupa tion. But Kate only saw an old-fashioned arrangement in plaster. ' What are we to look at in the ceil ing ?' she asked innocently. 'That's took to be the finest work In England, madam, executed by the Italian artists who carved the mantelpiece in the halL And I can recollect when every bife of furniture and plenishing in the room matched it. Ah, sad changes! In tha old window^ there it was filled with % bookcase that poor Captain Thorburn sold in London for £725, not counting the books in it, which your papa bought, miss.' \- ' ' Well, the good times have come again, Mrs. Godseff, and that must be a great comfort to you. I want to hear all yon know about the Pool Dam, and other thingB. Now sit down and tell us stories.' 'But where are we to sit?' Kate asked disconsolately, looking at the worm-eaten cnairs, clean now, out colorless witn ages of dust and neglect. 'They're quite e^fe, madam, and if old bones can sit easy on 'em,'yours, ladies, should be comfortable.' ' ' Of course, Kate ! And you have your own chair which I used to admire at the cottage. Now, begin.' 'I must say that cirenmatancea less favorable for the proper enjoyment of a ghost story were never designed. How could one possibly thrill and all that at 3.30 p.m., sitting bold upright like a poker in wires? Tell us, Mrs. Godseff, which is the oldest part of this awfully venerable building ?' 'The oldest part ? Why do you ask?' ' Mr. Thorburn wants to know,' Hilda said. ' We were taking of it.' 'And why does he want to know?' Mrs. Godseff seemed strangely interested in the question. She tapped her stick on the floor imperiously, and her features worked with senile anger. ' Dear me !' said Kate again, but with another significance. 'Mr. Thorburn seems to think,' she added, watching the dame, ' that the family Treasure is buried under the oldest part of this house,' ' Ah, Miss Hilda, he'll listen to you ! Beg him, for the Lord's sake, to put that out of his mind. The Treasure has been ruin to his forefathers, and will be to him! Ruin it was to the man who had it ; ruin to the man — to every man who searched for it— ruin, ruin, ruin to all 1 Don't let Eldred go the way so many of 'em have gone ! Ask him, Miss Hilda, for your sake, to throw it off ! I look back over a many years, and us Godseffe have served Thorburns faithfully front father to son, mother to daughter, since there was Thorburns in the land ! Never nought bat mischief came of the Trea sure ! I beg of you, Hilda, to put it so before him in the words you could use; he'll heed you !' ' Dear me !' Kate exclaimed for the third time, with yet another tone. Hilda did not blush nor pale. 'I have given you no right, Mra. Godseff, to suppose that I possess any in fluence with Mr. Thorburn. I know absolutely nothing of the matter you refer to, and if I did it would be very impertinent in me to advise Mr. Ihor burn.' The old woman made no reply for a moment, gazing in Hilda's face ; then shook her head gloomily. 'What must be, must ! I've said my say, Miss Hilda, and you've heard. What was it you asked, madam ? Oh aye, about the Pool Dam. ' When was it made, and why ?' ; ' I have heard 'twas a John Thorbarn who did it, and if your father has got the family tree as used to hang in the hall ha could tell you when he lived. But things have happened in the Pool Dam. The lady there ? ' 'Mrs. Fanshawe,' Hilda suggested. ' Yes, miss. She would like something by way of a ghost story. Thorburns was never folks for such. I've heard Lord Roxton say in this room that it's odd there shouldn't be the ghost of a ghost about such a ghostly old place as this — that was the grandfather of his lordship now. But there -isn't so far as I've been told.' 'The Thorburns have always been quiet, virtuous persons ?' Kate suggested. ' Nay ! Enough of 'em have been wicked, and enough of 'em have come to an awful ending to people the neighbor hood with ghosts. There was Ralph Thor burn, as I was just thinking of. Ha manned a ship and fought agin the Spaniards, and the Queen knighted him. Then he asked of her Majesty's grace to join ni*n to the heiress of Genest of the Warrenage, who, as was well beknown, loved a young man of the Bolnm. Bub the Queen gave her to Ralph, for it was the custom of those times that an heiress ? belonged to the Crown. And three days after the marriage her body was .found in the Pool Dam.' ' Good gracious,' Kate exclaimed. 'Did she drown herself?' - ' Of course, she did, madam. But there was talk, and in the end Ralph restored the Warrenage property to the heirat law. He went to sea again and was Io3t in a fight.' 'A three- volume novel in half a dozen sentences. You are an excellent story teller, Mrs. Godseff. Pray let us have some more.' 'It was before Ralph's time, I think, that the heir — I don't mind his name — was playing on the terrace with Jim God seff, who was one of us, but not my fore father. They fell over. Eldred Thor burn stood by talking with Sir Jamas Bolnm. He jumped in, caught young Godseff, and brought him to the steps, forgetting that the children were dressed alike, being foster-brothers. When El dred saw his mistake he pitched Jim back as far as he could throw. Sir James Bolum saved him, hat the hek was drowned.' ?'Decidedly I withdraw my oplalonthat the Thornburns have always been quiefc and virtuous. Please go on. ' Haven't yon any pretties- legends 1'* Hilda asked. ' Not- that I mind just bow, miss^ of the Pool Dam, that is. Ob, it's told thai* a young lady was sitting oa the parajjptc— I don't knew who she was nor when, lit happened. The wind snatched ©flg'har top-knot and dropped i$ in the ppoV Big Thorbuxu was stajp^daag beside bei;. He plunged, and in doing so he afterwards someway put bis. foot out of joint . He brought the to$-knotback, but. waajamed for life. 1 Mmpoae doctors eouidja't cure. him.' 'Tibft young lady married him, 1 hope?' , *vIjnever heard of.it.' / U What an odd name, Hig. It a short lor something, I suppose.?' 'No, madam. Tlhere have, beea several B3» in the family. - The graafcgraqd .father of -Mr. Eldted who 13 now,wa* cfcrfrtenedW*. * * Hfe was very fest, waum't ie ? I think 1 ieasd thiife &ef; rain'-rf t3i6 faoiily fcegan ?with him.' lik'teaej? naiss. 3Sh* dear! 'What, wild times: tfeey'weriB when I first cam© feo hd£ my Hbbfcherin iSaal housei' She pa«sed in ^&k; seflBeJiott. '3fe. Tkorbom^ great grandf athw ? 'Why* he mast have been vety\oid wii&a; you were very young,' Kate said. '-'Oldin years, but the devil kept hiei young for mischief- HiBuon, Miss Il&da;, was a weakling, andcotvaa hia'gtaadtea— that's Captain Tfaorbum. No x-ne flared .say nay to Hig. And so it oil came about ' .' What «miB about?' 'Why, the* devilry, for caorb. The younger grandaena, Ralph and David, Lad spirit. They looked down on their elder brother in a Tray, and when they got: short of money they dug for the Treasure, and knocked half 'his home down.' 'Why didn't you stop tkem, Mrs. .Godseff?' , , T 'I -was a wife- then, miss, though I hadn't to change my name, mariying my cousin. And we waa living far from this neighborhood, in Leicestershire, it was when ,my -husband died I came back, and Captain Thorbum gave me the cottage. Ah! I little hoped to lie housekeeper at .Thorburns again.1' ' You belong-to the place like its ivy. Ah; these legends and recoHectionB will be lest- when :you go. They should be written down, Mrs. Godseff, and I wish I «oujd help. We must leave you now* Siiga. added, 'grateful for a most ft* ;terest,ing talk.. I have to askyou at the came time: foe another sort of reqollee? tions. 'We are all delighted with the old ; world dishes served at lunch, whioh, Mr. Thorburn saySj are your making. Will you let me have the recipes ?' 'Gertaialy, miss, and with pleasure. JThey were my mother's and her mother's, and jback time out of myuiiad. I. can't make :em as they should be made, fox our cook ip noi up to the old fashion, and, besides, I haven't the herbs and tilings by me' yet. ~But the recipes are at your ser vice. And, Miss Hilda, I don't ask you to do it again, but if the chauee comes, or if 'you can strain a point, beg of Eldred .to leave the Treasure .alone. Do, now. ' But why not urge it yourself V 'Ah, he's Thorburn, every inch! Dye think he mind me? It would be a laugh and a Joke first— if I went on he'd walk off— and then a black look and a sharp word. But he'd heed you.' Hilda blushed now, and.retired without giving a promise. They found Eldred and Mendel alone. The former said, 'Mr. Tasking could not wait, and he entrusted us with the pleasing duty of escorting you.' Just a little surprised, Hilda put on her bonnet. Tietroth is that Mr. Esking could not repress his anxiety to learn by what means Eldred proposed to find which was the oldest part of his house 5 how he had come to suspect that the Treasure lay there might foe -a. question deferred. Not many authorities were capable of pro nouncing — if on authorities he relied. The clock tower might well be overlooked, . for its upper floor and roof had been re built many generations since, and the .more ancient courses of stone were mantled: with ivy- Mr. Esking could think of one man alone in England who would pronounce at a glance, and one other alone who would detect the truth to arcerfcainty if he gave hiaiull attention. He had not need for much finesse in ascertaining what method was designed. Eldred said at once in answer to a cir cuitous ^suggestion — ' I'm ^expecting a gentleman to-morrow whose name, I understand, is known to you, smesa his father refers in a note to my learned neighbor's valuable contribu tions to our society. Does that give you any hint ?' ''I am very dull. What is the name V ' The father's is Mr. Richard Onslow , — I am not yet acquainted with ihe son's.' It was nearly ail over! Geneat had deserted him, and if he had not gone over to the enemy, hia support could not be relied upon. And Wace Onslow was atiiand. Within 24 hours lie would be prying round, his musings aided and accompanied by that everlasting cackle of laughter winch antiquarian savants knew so 'well. About this time on the morrow they would rise from lunch probably. Mr. Esking saw the whole incident in his mind's eye. Wace Onslow j would not overlook the Grate Towers. 'Within an hour the pavement would1 be jup, or if Eldred waited till the workmen left it would be up before dinner. And then how could he have been so reckless as to bury odds and ends of rubbish/then in filling the hole. The vrhole fabric of Mr. Esking'a defence broke up and dissolved. If it was not yet proved that Thorburn had a Treasure .the evidence 'was sufficient to show that some body bad been digging inhisground within a recent time. And then, all the testi mony of footmarks, of the vision, and the rest came in. Thorbum had a case at last, and George Genest was not trust worthy. It was nearly all over indeed. Not even Mr. EsMng's nerve was proof against ihis terrible threat. He could not command him self, and after a few efforts to sustain the conversation rose suddenly, complaining of illness. . Eldred fetched the key of the garden gate, and took him that way home. He said as they went, in a grave and gentle manner — If you have anything to propose, Mr. Esking — any thing that I can accept — it is not too late now nor ever will be so long as I can control events J I ask only xny own !' i ' I have nothing to say !' They parted at the door. Aa the party of young people strolled alone the lane they fell into the order which had become almost habitual. Eldred and Hilda in front, Kate and Mendel far in rear. Each couple found an absorbing topic, but we are concerned only with the former. ' Do you know,' Hilda began, ' that the dear old soul you call * mother' is very anxious about you? She let me see as much to-day, and I think it neighborly to tell you, Mr. Thorburn.' Eldred looked down at her with stern enquiry, but to suspect this pure and noble being was impossible. His brow cleared. 'I know she is concerned about my interest in the Treasure. Is that it V 'Yes. She says it has brought ruin, ruin, ruin to all of you, and if that's the case, wouldn't it be wiser to leave the thing alone ?' Evidently,' he said laughing. ' But the good old creature refuses to show how a thing which has never been discovered has brought ruin to anybody. I have invited her to - make -oat her case very often, but the evidence isnot forthcoming. Did she lay it before you V '/I most confess that I took her.asser- : iaoBS:for granted. She knows so much, that I did nob think of denbthig/5 ' Persuade her to tell the facts, that bear upon this matter. I assure yon, MisB Jfeking, that I liave no wish to be ruined. On the production of any reason able case, showing that to look for my ownproperty, left by my forefathers to a descendant who must hand it down to future generations of hia name^-Hf it can be proved that this object; wiirek seems to mei laudable, and indeed a duty, is mis taken, I will give it up. But not till then ; emphatically, not till then !' SwaH; 'You have a strong sense of your rights* Mr; Thorburn, and a keen resent ment for wrongs.' gffif He knit- his brows, again, seekin^if there might be a purpose in this remark. \- Her eyes met his this time, not faltering, but replying. He answered gravely— . ' I suppose that men who have led my life come to regard their rights as doubly sacred, and their wrongs as doubly- grave, in a poor country; Miss Eskuig,. where many foes surround one, these things are not mere questions «rf law and property j as in England. life depends «niiem *- ftoafietaineB, end3 always t&V; means of '?'? ? ? ? — -m—-' »»-t » m j fr i existence, so perhaps ire 'oorne to take - what Happier folks would oall an ««ag geratedvie^of,thingB.n ? « I4I xrtderetand tiiati,' said H^dj^iu. a tone of relief unmistakobta. Alter f4*n : perhaps, tiua^rievaftoe^gaiaBt hw fiather,. whioh Gaorge in liis excltemoat sflggeatad' as eo grave, was a matter which English pe-»le would think tuning. ? Eldred recognised this change, and pride, loyalty, resentment, aU -took alarm. ' Don't make too much of what I have said with regard to any special instance. Perhaps I might be. too exacting in certain ckcuvvvatattces, but there js no such case here.' Hilda caught him up, ' Where 2' she asked eagerly. Eldred paused discon certed. **1 believe, Mr. Thorburn — I have been told that you charge my father with taking advantage of you *' *' I am grieved and surprised that you should have hoard any such thing. May I ask who was' so indiscreet and so heart less as to tell ?' ' My father had the right to do so, and since you associate Mr. Genest in the accusations, I am grateful to him for con firming my suspicions. Row, 1 come to yo«.:- 'But if you know, what occasion is there to ask further 1' ' I do not know ! They gave me hints, but nothing more. Tell me all the trutn.' . ' But think. Would it be becoming iu me to make a confidence your father refuses ? I cannot, say a wordj , Mis3 Esking. Don't press me, I beg. It is impossible.' 3j|'Kow tell me this. You make an accusation — you assert that my father has wronged you seriously, and yet you go to his house, you entertain Mm, you talk and laugh together. Explain that.' 'It will suffice perhaps to /point out that Mr. EskingJmows- the charge, yet he comes to my house, he entertains me, and we chat together. Ask the explana tion of him.' ?*Kb ! He may have motives' ;. you can have cone. He may wish to keep on terms ; but you are the accused. Or, as I believe, he may think your idea, too absurd for serious attention* ' That is not the case. It was I who proposed that we should be friendly, I felt the .motive.' ' What was that. 'I let you see. it once, Miss Esking, and it vanished. But the compact re mains until I am, in position to prove my words. The end may come shortly now. To-morrow, perhaps, I shall be able to do so.' 'To-morrow? To-morrow, are you hoping to find which is the oldest part of your house- where the Treasure lies ? Is there any connection between that fact and the charsre you make against' my father?'3 He was silent, bitterly regretting his careless speech. ' If you do not answer I shall know there is.' ' What is the use of this, Miss Esking ? 'Within a few hours probably all will be cleared up. I will say this — if the trial I expect to-morrow fails I will not pursue the matter further. I stake all on that, for I have suffered, and I suffer keenly now.' . : ' You accuse my father of stealing the Treasure— that is it ? Deny, .sir, if you can ! You cannot. And with : this suspicion you dared to say you loved, me, the daughter of a thief 2' ?__;,.- 'I would love.you,' hesaid,.withagust of passion, ' if- you were the daughter of a murderer.' ; 'Then I understand it all now, for I understand you, Mr.. Thorburn,. and I despise you. Youchaxge my,. father, with theft \ You, whose sense ? o£ : honor is so dull that, suspecting him as you do, you ar-e willing to ally yourself with him, to condone his infamy -and treat him with respect for the sake of a girl ! It is enough ! If I could suppose for a moment that he was guilty this would show the truth.' ' It is but a little time to wait,' Eldred i answered, pale and fierce. ' But I must correct you in one point. It was never suggested that 1 gave up my rights-, or' abated one tittle of them,, if I won you.'' ' What 2 You would still .have prose cuted my father ?' * ' Prosecuted, no ! But . I did not. put yon in one scale ^and justice in the other.' ' Call it what you please I lithe proof: you expect is forthcoming, though at,that moment I had promised to be your wife, . yen would liave gone on ?' ' How could I do otherwise V - ' And what part was I to play under these, circumstances %' ** I know not — but my dulywaa plain.' They had reached the first door of Littie Thorburns, and parted without a word. ° -Hilda learned that Mr. : Esking . had ordered the carriage at once, and started for the Warrenage. (To be continued.) 