. . 1 j GILBERT AND SULLIVAN'S NEW OPERA, RUDDY GORE. From Our London Correspondent Recognising the fact, beyond dispute, - that Mr. W. S. Gilbert is at his happiest when most satirical, the alternative title to his latest libretto might well have been What's in a Name? instead of the one he has chosen. He has, with questionable wisdom, distinguished his newest work as Ruddygore, or The Witch's Curse, and the result of his christening has been generally condemnation on the score that the title is unnecessarily un- pleasant and does not fall far short of being repulsive. For this and any other sins of commission and omission which may be, and have been, freely commented upon in his handiwork, Mr. Gilbert is possibly un- repentant; but, dismissing the subject of criticising on the unsavory appellation of the new Savoy opera, and getting to the subject matter of the work itself, xxxxxxxx admission at the outset that Mr. Gilbert's new libretto is singularly uneven in interest, and conspicuously wanting, more particularly in the second act, in those characteristics of style and witty satire in which for years he has proved himself so thoroughly inimitable. He gives his audience in Ruddygore a fairly inte- resting first act, but both plot, dialogue and action flag dismally in the second. That this will already have made itself evident to all those directly interested in the pro- duction is pretty certain, and exten- sive alterations will probably be required where the weaknesses are most apparent; but altered, cut and added to as it may be, Ruddy gore could never be favorably compared to any one of the previous works contained in the Savoy repertoire. The reasons are not far to seek. Originality is conspicuous by its absence, and one looks and listens in vain for those witty laughter provoking humors which, in each successive production at the Savoy have for years never failed to completely in- dividualise each work. So much is this, ob- served that in its criticism of the first night's performance, the Times said, after quoting a portion of the dialogue: " All that is admirable in this dialogue is the boldness, worthy of a butter cause, which offers such stuff, even at the end of a burlesque, to a representative audience." Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan have won, and deservedly, a gigantic following of admirers; but it is to be feared that unless Ruddygore can be materially altered for the better, their allegiance will be put to a severe test. It is only fair, however, to say that Sir Arthur Sullivan shows no perceptible retrogression in his share of the work, and Ruddygore will be found to contain the usual clever imitations of old-fashioned styles of form and melody ad- mixed with the bright rhythms and patter songs that have always so successfully caught the popular ear. And this time also Sir Arthur has abandoned the opportunity for musical burlesque of the most heroic and most ghastly with which his librettist supplies him and has seriously treated with some fine writing, notably in its orchestration a ghost scene, where the representatives of about twenty generations of a baronetcy step out from their picture frames in the baronial picture gallery and threaten the present pos- essor of the title with a torturing death if he fails to commit the daily crimes that a witch's curse has doomed him to under the death penalty. The story of Ruddygore, to bo told' with as much brevity as will be consistent .with its being intelligible, runs as follows Th Ruddygore (Murgutruyd) baronetcy 'lias fur many generations been subject - to a curs-5 .entailing upon each successive baronet .-too ueccssity of committing a daily crime, orj failing it, death by ghostiy torture. To . avoid tliis alternative too elder "of toe' two surviving brothers, Mnrgatroyd disguises him! self as Robin Oakappio, a young farmer, and woosa village maiden, Rosy Maybud,- but does the wooing by proxy owing to his intense bashfnlness. His proxy is bis -foster brother; Richard Dauntless, a man-of-war's -insn; who, taken aback with the viliage beauty's charms, .makes love id. her, oh. .his .owii account, and for a while snpplAute Robin- Rose,, however, speedily jilts, him ia Hqbin's favor, and Riehud (in revenge really,, though; .'as he says, obeying . the: dictatee of bis henrt'e consciehee)-appr!eii the -'younger Mnrgatroyd. who ia in the unhappy possession of the Bnddy- gore baronotcy, with its unpleasant responsi bilities, that he (Sir Despard Murgatroyd) has an elder brother alive. Despard, won: oat with tho . terribly exacting coarse "of daily crime commission, welcomes toe news, confronts Robin Oakapple, and compel him to own himself tbe elder brother, and a a conse quence to take the titU. Thosecohd aetfinds toe ancestors of the baronet appearing in ghostly array to worn Robin tbat he is shirk ing the daily commission ' of crime. Robin argues with them at length, and finally convincos them thkt p. refasai to commit the reqnired crime -wonld be in reality committing snicide, in itssdf a crime, and that his ancestors who all suffered death iof their refusal therefore never ooght to have died at til. The gfaoats take Robin's view of the case, and the .corse come to u end. Robin marrios Rose Msybnd, whilst his brother Despard enters matrimony with 'a crazy girl known m Mad Margaret, a Village lais whose reason had fled during Despard's compulsory in heritance of ths baronetey. . Mad Margaret and Despard Murgatroyd have a aeene in the second act, attired in black as Sunday school teachers, which cannot be aaid to strengthen toe opera by the force of its originality, and is certainly open to criticism for its questionable taste. . Concerning toe individual performances of tbe cast Miss Loo 11 are Brabam plays toe heroine. Roto Maybud, with her accustomed graced, though a recent sprained aukie had a little interfered with her rehearsals. Miss' Jessie: Bond does a good deal with the rile of Msd' Margaret, albeit the rather feeble nbrardities she bas to rave in almost compel her to present' too part more as an uninteresting idiot than any thing else. Mr. Groosihito baa a luge share of toe dialogue, and invest his /-'part with the churscteristie qnaintness. that has earned him such distinguished popularity. Mr. Dniward Lite cannot altogether represent the man-of-war's iuau with the requisite vigor, but be sings bis music, whieh is all of it good, with very pleasing effeet, and dances a capital hornpipe iu tbe first set. Mr. Rutland Harrington plays toe conscleiice- stricken baronet. Sir Despard, ' with much skill. Mr. Richard Temple's splendid baritone voice is heard to fine advantage in tbo &host; scene, and Miss Brandram, in ' unfortu nately a minor character, gives the music allotted to her perfect rendition. A hiivel use of the eloctric light is a' feature of the Ruddygore production. Total darkness pre- vails, -both on toe stage and in the auditorium/ during too ghost scene, broken ouly' by' tbo lowered lights at the orchestral desks, whilst' the conductor's baton, tipped with a glowing elec tric burner, flashes to aud fro fur the direction iff tos ghostly music. 