A GHOST J AND A REAL ONE. The following story was told by Mr. Butler, of London, to Lady Blotnfield. Mr. Buker when a boy tt Hwrow, contracted a most intimate friendship with another lad. They worked, they walked, they played together ; -and in order still more solemnly to emphasise they friendship, they one day cot a hole in each other's arm, and signed a paper each in the other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the snrvivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, how ever, the lads saw but little of each other. Their lives lay far apart ; the friend went out to India, Mr. Butler to college, and then to the English bar. An eager correspondence was main tained at first, but as the years rolled on it slackened, and the friendship gradually died away, as boyish friend ships will. One wintry day, Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried and overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of conntry air, and, cold as it was. determined to run down to that comfortable little inn, the Whnatsheaf (hy Virginia "Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlour, the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled bv the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, and yet it seemed to have a mysterious attraction for him. He got up presently under pretence of re-lighting the pipe, and passed before the window to examine the face more closely. It reminded him of something, he knew not what — of someone. Yes, it sud denly flashed across his mind, that was the face, not of the boy he had known so well, bnt of a man snch as that boy might have grown into, such as he probably would be now (though Mr. Butler had not seen him for years). Disturbed by this sudden re-awakening of old recollections, Mr. Butler spoke to the landlord. There's a man look ing into the window,' said he. Im possible, sir,' was the reply. ' That window only looks into the court, and the gate of that was shut an hour ago.' The face had disappeared : Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his seat, but could not rest — a strange haunting sense of nnessiness took possession of him ; once mare he rose to his feet. It is stifling in here,' he said. I must go out ; I cannot breathe.' ' You had better not, sir,' said the landlord, as be opened the door : ' there's a keen east wind blow ing, and you'll catch vour death of cold.' Now the Wheatsheaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Butler, stepping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night — and as be gazed the darkness seemed to grow and gather itself together, deep ening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and as the train approached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal struggle. One had the other by the throat, and was forcing him backward toward the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might, when suddenly the door of the carriage flew open, and he was burled violently to the ground, falling at- Mr. Butler's feet. Then, bending over the man, Mr. Butler looked into his face, and, behold ' it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the win dow, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before 1 And aeain, even as he looked, the face had melted into air, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disappeared, and he stood alone there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark, wintry night With a cry of horror he staggered back into the honse, and in answer to the landlord's anxious inquiries, said ; ' I am ill — evidently in a high state of fever — delirious. It won't do to he laid np here. I must go back to town as fast as I can.' And, late as it was, he went off to the station, and back by the last train to London. The next morning Mr. Butler awoke, somewhat refreshed by his excursion, in spite of the unpleasant association connected therewith. He found await ing him some interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were forgotten. Two days later, however, they were recalled to his recollection, when, walking in Biccadily, hesawon the other side of the way a gentleman whom he had known slightly in former days as being the brother of his schoolboy friend. Mr. Butler crossed over to" him at once. ' What news of Arthnrf he inquired. ' Bad news,' said the other, gravely. ' Dead f ' said Mr. Butler. A melan choly shake of the head was the only reply. 'Killed ? thrown out of a rail way train f be continued excitedly. ' Too true,' returned the brotherregarf- ing him with undisguised astonishment ' Bnt how on earth did you know t We only received this "telegram Trom India this morning !' 