AN AMERICAN ROMANCE. , : At the clpso of tho war (writes '.Broadbrim'; in tho Advortiaur') Daniel McFarland met-, Abboy Sogo, a girl young, hipidsomo and nmbitious of literary fame — a consuming (iro. which has followed hor to old ago, and lot lior into tho front rank of American literaturo. She) was aniqns (o got on, and sho .was olinrmod with tho writings of MoFarlatid, and when lie, usked her to roarry him, though twico her ago, she accepted him at once, for she saw, with- her : marriage, her admission to the charmod circle1 which was tho drottm of hor life. Tlio honey moon was brief, and tho minister had scarcely pronounced the blessing whon tho scales foil from liio poor girl's uyes, hor high liopos of advancoinont 'lay dead and withered at her feet, the man to whom she had piightod her young faith >v;ns a hopeless irredeemable sot. In the hour ,of her supreme agony alio mot lier husband's friend, Albert D. Richardson ; ho was hor ideal ; young, famous, prospectively rich arid tho very nntipodu of tho man she lind mnrriod. Sho sought a divorco and obtained it, and tjio next day it was nnnminccd that sho was gqng to marry Richardson. McFarland; soaked in rum -and maddonod at tho loss.of his wifo, declared ho would inurdor tho man who took hor from him ; ho lay in wait for Richard son and sjiot .him, and aftor lingering in great agony, for a few days ho died in the arms of tho womaji , for whom he hnd sacrificed li is lifo. Just beforo the spirit loft liini mid whilo scarcoiy nblo to articqlato, Henry \Vi\rd Boocher was : sout ; for R8 -friqnd of tlie (lying man. Hia.lifo w-os swiftly ohbing when tho living and tho dying joined hands, tho nuptial blessing was hardly pronounced whon tlio spirit of Albert D. Richardson took its flight, but from that time \- forth Mrs McFnrland lins signed hor name Abbey Sago Richardson. No act of Mr Boocjior's life broug|it on l(im sevcror condemna tion than this iinsty dojith-hod marriago j a storm qf obloquy folloivod tlio wretched w,ifo, and unqualified, sympathy was expressed for ttho murderer. Tho trial ennio on and AleFnrland was (lofoiqlod hy tlio ablest counsel, and on tlie iploa of insanity ucquittod. But the mark of Cain wiis on him and ho wandered forth n ;inurderqr among his lollowmon. Mrs Afrboy Kngo Riohardson oiijoyed no miviahlo position. .«Sho wi«!':loi)itod npini as n woman who had lod .. - — tl — -w1 (t cmtlu ono mail to his dentil mid another to the foot of tliu gallows. Such ciushing adversity and iniB- fortune would liayo killed an ordinary woman, but Mrs Ricliaidsou, as wo will now call her, was no ordinary woman. At. the time of xvliich I write alio was utterly friondless-aiid alone. The first stnr.ni of her sorrow past sho set her self to work to repair hor fortune. Step by step sho advanced, slowly lit first, , hut .never losing an advantage gained, till tpf day pfyo , finds herself in company with some of ttye,bvat, waiters in. tlio world in ono of the foremotyuiognzines of the United States. For a. nqiubor of.'y.e.ursliu dovottd -Iiurself to tho study' of Shjikespcpre, and by dint of her ability. and perseverance .has been able to maintain horself honorably '.qans ro|iroacbo.' MoFarlund, his hands red ; with, his brother's blood, sought consolation in): drink,, only to sink to lower depths of degradation. In li js cups tho ghost of tlio dead man folhijv.ijd him ond he drank deeper. to drown .llie qjrjd vision. At first old 'friends aided 'him, on; account of liis broken health, till finally the once proud spirited journalist was content to; oaf, tlio broud of charity. In the ond that. frail; support deserted him, 'and he became an outcast; and a wiindorer. One night Inst week Mrsj McF.arland was entertaining a brilliant eompanyj in one of our .palatial mansions, with her in; tefosting lecture on Shakespeare ; at that sume! .hour, ji .poor .old vagabo.nd.trnmp.fqundjnji.way: into the 12tli Police precinct to beg for a night's: lodging and a mouthful to ent, to keep down the; cry of the wolf that .was:gnawing at his vitals.; HiB. clothes. were tatterpd.' his shoes in ribbons,: his feet were stockingiess, his hair was matted) and tangled, . and liis person foul with dirt grime.; God of light and . mercy with a ruin ! It was all; that remained of -Danjel MoFarland, the: murderer of Albert "Dl Richardson. Tears: streamed down his aged cheeks whon the! magistrate informed him that he should commit; him to the Home of tlio Thieves and Tramps on. Blaekwpll's Island. (Only a few days - audi PnttorB Field may claim, hiui unlosB the charitable: hand of .a .feilqiv praftaujan sliall rescuo himi from tli is closing infamy, and so ends the- chapter of- twenty yuar. ,' Rum led him to his) ruin. Looking back overqthese twenty years I see 'thehore lined withjllie wrecks of brilliant: literary geniuses whoBu jlivcs liavo ended in sovrow, aqd slianio ; ,kind)getiorous souls, brim ful of fa Jont; but their ('own most bitter and) unrelenting onqmies) N,e,w York jiiiirniilism .in - to- day a vcry.flifl'ereiit tiling from wlmt it was) twonty years ago. Now/jsobriely is tho rule, and drunkenuqss tho 'exception, — as imui's talent is uo longer gau'gqd by tho amount of whiskey hu can guzzle ;!apd to tho young man wlio cumes to this "Metropolis expecting to make journalism his profession, my best advice on ; this hundred rind tenth anniversary week of our; National Independence -is! 'Touch not — I'asto, not — Handle nut — Rum, iBeer nor Wine. 