SI GRAND NATIONAL SHOW: .,.1 ,THE SECOND DAY. . PanssDne?.-Samheo Carter," Esq. Vece Pe?si nDEgs-?tesors:James Allan and f Bb.'bi son.' f( TRasasnea-Mrr F.. Russell CosnemIa- ' Messrs. S. B. Bolton, J S. Bowden, W. Bur gin, Jas. Brake, A. Cameron, J. C. Carter, C. r Carran, W. Drummond, G. Glenister A. Hock. n ing, Ja?. Johnson, Hn. r. Kruger, A. LaidiLn, it S. May, D. 3I'Calman, J. Nattrase, G. Eagle, 15 S. I. Sleator, A. W. Walters, and Thos. Young. SEcnc?EA--Mr. Edward C. Rogers. The crowd which had invaded Horsham on Wednesday night, and on the first day of of the above show, held under the auspices of ir the Horsham and- Wimmera district Agri- 9 cultural and Pastoral Society, was a com- T parative drop in the ocean to that which L arrived on Thursday evening, and by the D trains from. Melbourne and from the west C, that night. The facilities afforded by the O railway service to residents in the district to re get away home in the evening and return N next morning, eased the pressure in the town somewhatas regarded hotel accommodation, th but overtaxed the carrying capacity of the railway trains. That the occasion was some thing in the nature of a surprise to the rail way authorities, and gives some excuse for h( any failure, may be gathered fron the fact that the railway station at Horsham ac counted for no fewer than 2,700 passengers during the two days. Considerable dissatis. hi faction was expressed at the want of extra carriages to enable people to get away on Thursday- and Friday. evenings ; but :h.e at ordinary timne table was suspended and s special arrangements had to be made for the al Natimuk andNoradjnhacontingents, it being T calculated that at least 700 persons from that part of the district used thetrains. A special r train was run to Natimuk and, returning to f Horsham, the ordivary train was allowed to h proceod.l The District Traffic Superintendent e0 (Mr Pollard), and the stationmaster (,Mr I Proctor did their utmost for the passengers i on all lines, but with the limited supply of an carriages at their command, could not c( prevent- inconvenience and annoyance to In many:' .The railway returns, however, nor tI the takings at the gatesof the Show ground, 3i do not completely help to estimate the true ' nnmbers assembled in Horsham for this year's L Agricultural Show. The roads were used to qcuite a large extent by district visitors, and ci although the.money received at the gates'on w the second day reached £220 (the first day's so takings having been £50) the number this A represents must be largely added to by hi reason of p oplep being admitted free a as distinguished visitors,. as individuals of he members' families, as exhibitors, as at- ': tendants on the different varieties of live N stock, &c.;, and others. Taking all these fi facts into consideration, and making a I careful e timate we may set down the w number of persons attending the show on ft Fridayto have exceeded 0000. This is by ol far the largest athecring of people Horsham E has yet seen, and it reflects considerable en credit on the town that such an assemblgeo t( was accommodated in comfort and provided p .with An entertainment such as could not fail to satisfy the severest critics. A A pleasant feature to - be noticed 11 is that, with all the throngs occupy- p ing the streets, hotels, and show S ground, there was not the slightest at- an tempt at anything like jostling or a disturb- P auce, and not a'single case of drunkenness. P The scene on the show ground by midday of N the day under notice was a lively and in- d 'teresting one. If the committee of the so- I hlety had made their own arrangements n ivith thatarbitrary and uncertain-templred e enit;ty, theclerk of thieweather, they could as not have been provided with a more genial o 'sky. After the late inclement weather, the a glorious'sun was fully appreciated, and the ii absence of dust-was no small item in the a day's enjoyment. As if to prove how the in bshow this year at Horsham has been marked q oun for special favor, the morning of the dlay f after broke lowering and by noon the dis- i. trict and town were visited with a soaking t rain, accompanied by- thunder. On the ground the extra shelter afforded by the new is shed, the increased sheep pens, and the t betterarrangements for keeping the judges E free from interruption, and the public from I all danger of injury from restive horses and fast driving vehicles, induced'a-greater feel- J ing of security and comfort, and all appeared i to give themselves up to thorough enjoy- lI ment. The public began to arrive early, and n those who were wise enough to do so were b enabled to command a better view and in- I spection.of the: different: exhibits in the , severat classes. In the afternoon the con- v stant pressure of fresh arrivals rendered this 2 almostan.impossibility, and when the time h came for the, jumping. competition every s " coign of vantagc" was taken possession 2 of,'sspccially the high seats of the handsome a array. of buggies .and waggonettes, which J were thes filled with'well'dressed ladies and I serrved as ntiadmirable gallery. The female I portio? of the assemblage formed a strnking feature, and the summer costumes added I considerably to' the pleasant coup d'eui Il presented when the :show was in full swing. The . 'fnational" character of v the 'event was fully preserved byt the number of visitors from 'Melbourne and from all parts of the colony, who must have been strongly impressed by the variety r 'and excellence of the numerous exhibits, a 'showing not only what the WTimmera land canproduce in the way of live estock, and the I more immediate growth of the soil itself, but a proving what enterprise and ingenuity exists here in the manufacture of the many a mechanical aids necessary in prosecuting I the farming industry. Although comparisons 1 are odious (and perhaps may be called very mush so in this case) it cannot help being noted what a wonderful difference 'was evident between this year's shows and that held last year. Last week was shown the effect of a very good season, and it was a most gratifying feature of the meeting. Oser and above the advantages attaching to thie present occasion being the Grand National, the whole character of the show Swas abundant evidence that this district, in SI common with the remainderofthe oolony,had prospered because of the exceptionally seasonable falls of rain.- In almost all the I classes itisaperiority was evident, froe Sthe sheep to othe really splendid trophies ex j'hibited by two Horseam trndesmen -'f 'behrtc ~asmallgoads, and from ther o a. lhackney inh excellent fettle and condition to the roosters crowing in most vocterou, chorus in c their cages along the nortterr fence. ' Alliel to the istere-s: thus inrute. in the show/itself was tfle feeling that the immediate future was st.is full of promnie_ and thi made the holidcsy all the m--e perfee Thie wire proof ..nce stretched along the southern fence wa?.nn interesting object to many, as involving- protection ha the wide areas of the Wisemaera oagasi rabbits, foxes and dingoes ; and it is to he greatly regretted that among the oachinery the new inrention for shearing al'cep was not included. Now that the valr cif lth late improvements on the ground h-ave been proved, we may suggest another r ne is regiari.to the better regulation f the ad massion 'rttthe stand -'nd to the proeidion therem" of somewhat better accommoi~don for seating ladies than at present exists. Tug Eamamnc In Friday'aissue we gave a full Ieeripeisec of the exhibits in thehorse, macsrincrr sheep.- and, miscellaneous classes, and soub joined will be found details of the othere: SH .-The trial of weiiht-cearyiog hunters which was,owing to the lateness of the hour,' postponed on Thursday, was resumed on 'Friday. -The' horses left in were 3faud, Poor Liss, Coming, Jennie Bell, Sir Don nelly and The Ghost, but the last named did not put in an appearance, and after the others had gone one round, all jumni?e well, Sir Donnelly was sent out of the ring his style not pleasing the judges. The other four were then trotted and cantered round and finlly sent in pairs, when Maud struck the second fence heavily, but, with the assistance of her rider (Bowden) she kept cr. her, pins. This mistake did not put the mare out, the judges, deciding th:t, she wa? most deserving, awarded the prizes to sand, 1; Coming; 2; and Poor Lass, 3. All horses, numbering about lo00 on show., were then 'ordered to parade, the thoroughbreds in the small rine, the dra?hlt stock ontsideand thehneneyi,,s?uterspnic, buggy horses, waggon pairs and teams round the inside railings. The parsde, whihe lasted nearly an hour, was ar iupmpeig 0oe and attracted a good deal of attention, the majority of the stock beiing well worthy of close inspection. The next attraction in the ring woas at unprogrammed trial of ladies' hunters. The president of the societty, Mr S. Carter, -end some of the stewards collected £10 and offered £5 for best Iady rider, £3 for best lady's hunter, and £2 were left in the h?-c:f of the'judges. The cr.ricr were Ridgm!lo Deceiver, Meredith's Maud, P. ZcCabe-e Crayfish, Tally's Listen-to-me and Youog' Wagga:- Miss:Bradley rode Deceiver and Listen-to-me ; Miss MecCloun.n, Ce--aSt. and Wagga; Miss J. SMcClounan, lauu, In the first round all the hurses, with the exception of Listen-to-mue, went rsu=t quietly and cleanly, hut at the first fe=e :ce chestnut slipped and went through the hurdle, .landing her fair rider very 2ent!y on the sward. Neither rider tor horse were much the worse for the fall, and when Miss Bradley again mounted and turne.i the e:n:e for the jump the applause of the specttr-rr was loud and long. In the second ermatl Deceiver ran off twice and was dis'ualiiea. Wagga,. Crayfish and Listen-to-me wnut round again steadily, and Miss J. MeCC;e nan sent Maud at a gallop, takin? eaads jump without a touch. The judes awarded first prize for riding to Miss BIradley aaE first for mare to Listen-to-me. The aecoae prize of £2'was given to Miss J. McClouaau for riding. The next event was the second dav'c trie2 of 11-stone hunters, and I1 competitors t:pu in an appearance. They were-S. I actrs' Monarch, C. Smith's Fairfax, lRidgwell's Turk, Hetherington's Boswell, For's aout Lass, Henley's Nigger, Miller's Coming, Dashwood Bros.' The Ghost, Riobertson't Cornstalk, A. McAndrew's Jennie Be?e, O'Callaghan's Sir Donnelly. After the irst round, Monarch and Boswell, who ran clf Nigger, who baulked, and Sir Donnel:y whose style apparently did not s?it the judges, although he cleared the thece jumps, were ordered out, and Turk, Peaor Lass, Coming, The Ghost, Cornstalk sad Jennie Bell sent again. Just before starting, however, A. Reed who was taking Barowe? out of the ring, mounted the horse withe.u fastening the girths, the result being ti?e. saddle and rider came to the ground tegether, but fortunately without serious injury. The result of the second trial was to pu? Cores stalk and Jennie Belle out, though they botf got over the jumps, the latter going high above them,. but her style and size were far away from that of a hungr. Turk and Poor. Lass were then cent round together, the mare t:ettin= awar first, but at the first jump Turk pasued' her by a couple of lengths and g;ined at every jump. The Ghost and Coming lthec went round together, the mare getting away first, but. Dashwood sent the old grey bIcrd and he cleared his jumps well, leading by a. couple of lengths over the last fence. These last trials caused a good deal of ercitomsnt; the horses went at hurdle race speed and the jumping was excellent. Thejudges'award? were Turk first, The Ghost Eeceeond, and F Lass (fr lthe second time) third. Grain roots, &c.-The; exhibition ir thed class was not a large one bhut tha district was well represented in the wheat seetion, the. samples in ,lticht were of excellent quality. Augus Poison, of" Araaat, who tcre firstt honors here; won the departolental prize wih: a well weighted sample of Imperial prolifie, his exhibit neighing , 1GOb. .James Lee, of North Wail, who was second, showed some New Zealand Wheat, 631lb. The third prize fellto Jackman Br,ae. of Clear Lake, for Red Straw Prolific, 6tilb. With the same weight, Mr. M. Abbott, Lillimur, tooe fourth prize with a sample of African wheat obtained we understand, from the Doab.e Experimeintal Farm. The following are tit names of the other farmers who contributhts to this section :-I1. Hirth. Dimbaool, M.Ze prolific 67lhbs; Joseph McDonald, Nurrahic N.Z.wheat,GSOilbs; T. cDonald, same Gl?ts; A. Watts, Cloverdale, Mexican whe?t, Ge - lbs; D. McDonalda, Carehap, Red Tuscan-r prolific, G6ilbs; F. W. Muegel, Gymbowsen, 8.A. prolifiu, 6741bs; A. Leslie, Wail, N Z lwheat. 60.libs; E. Bird, Norton reek-, Purple Straw wheat, GG6lbs; A. Iogers, Pimpinio, same, GGlbs; and Mr. Koenig of Vectis East, Purple straw, and Scoteh ~Waon der wheat, 5Ojlbs and 5iIlbs respeetirey? The Imperial Prolific, with a sample ot which Mr Polson secured thie first, comes early to maturity-about a fortnigiht before most other qualitieso. But under the sysotenso obtaining here of continuous wheat growing and froi the peesliar properties of our soil, it appears to take from two to the years for any standard wheat to lose its character istics and beeone merged into the ordinary quality of grain. Of course this fact is rf focted more or less by the various differeneer in the soil, the way in which it is grown and the time the grain is cut. BuDt the generul result is that unless the wheat is seen gros ing, it is difficult, after a time, to clmsify the grain grown from the several varieties For the best eight bushels of oats, Mir fA. Poison was again adjudged first for his exhibit (5i14 lba) of Scotch fandy. M, J. Graham, Greendale, had a good sanple in this section 43 lin. The last named was the only exhibitor in the next section, and showed a sample of Jnglisk brown Chevalier barley with large grac In the sec:ions for Cape barley and peas, Die A. Polson'and Mr H. Wilson, of Nurrbhise were the only exhibitors respectively ineach,. The truss of manger hay (wheaten) shomwe by Mr A. Watts, Clos'erdale, was a rery. superior one, and was awarded the peser The remaining trusses were of fine quality and were shown by G. Eagte,North Brighto~n J. Scott Lawson, Kewell; Joshua Warren, Knlkee; F. Baum, - Pimpinio; Jas. Lee5 North Wail. In the section for oler, .r Fry and Co., were the only exhibitore. Mr Hugh Wilson's lowe . of carrots;, grown a Nurrabiel, were exceptionally fine. The. oranges exhibits were very interesting, and serg of a quality that goes to prove t?iaf their cultore in this district is bound to he a" profitable one. Mr iV. Drummond wams awarded the prize for a very fine colletene and Mr J. Langlands, reommenlnded foret reward. Mr Gee. Letts and Mr IVW. I Calder, Polkemmet, were the other e_ hibitors. Mr J. Langlands, though the adty exhibitor, deserved his prize for the hmoen shown. IMr J. P. Cocks, Horsham, lnd - capital assortment of vegetebles, the aIt lection being of good all round quality aS regards each of the articles. In the efe section of this class, Mr T. P. Sulmat, Pleasant View Farm, Green Lakee,extlnide Sa splendid sheaf of hay s:acked since lats I harvest, toege her with some chafL Mr A SWatts shoved thie same, the hay having Sbeen harvested with reaper and binder, and. wos recommended for prize. MIr ifugfrh Wilson had a very good exhibit of mangolds I (recommended); W. Muegel Gymbow Sshowed a fine sample of turnips, and Mr Joshua Warren of Kailkce, exhibited so?m?e? I chaffed hay of a good quality sad weight r The enormous specimens of winter pearc grown at Sandhurst by Mr Charles Kiilby II were recommended for prize. An exhibit o Soranges by Mr Gibsone , of WoPe gctto 5. f though nor entered for competition, woer-' ,by mention, and formed; a moat attrsctile cluster. eemin proof Fence.-A novel and in .jtijgexhibit to many farmers troubled I .th rabbits anudwild dogs was the sample proof fence erected near the ma. "Ory allotment by Denny's, Lascelles, t?ster and Co., of Geelong. It was similar 1 stCiaces50 iles in length, now being hon Mr LascollenjLae Corong station. The sample on the show ground was at tacbed to posts 9 feet apart, but in the tione fencr split straining posts are sunk -fqrt inches in toe ground, at intervals of ll-.rds. Between these strainers, stakes n 4? ?mes z 3 inches are driven 15 inches into the gruund at intervals of 19 feet 10 inches. 7o these posts is stapled wire netting 3 feet einchs high and let into the ground 4 ahs ; and over the netting three wires \- barbed, 4 inches above, then a plain one £inschs higher, whilst 7 inches higher still aother barbed wire is fixed. They are r,,ed together and to thenetting by lighter sires, the braces about 6 inches on either side dthestake. It is claimed that this obviates thenecessity of stapling to ea:h stake, and ha barbld w.re on top of post, stakes, and ,tting being firm in the ground makes a ,olid flanmeork. The cost of the fence ranted at Lake Corong--S miles north of eorsham, amounts to only about £52 per dle. The contract for clearing the fencing -r, one chain wide, and erecting the fence rarled from £12 per mile, near the home serd to £13 10s in the back country, the jaterial and cartage making up tile balance. (fVeterday we received a telegram from the ion. W. .Madden, intimating that in future ire netting will be carried in the miseel nens class on the railways, so that the t ,t of freight will be considerably lighter I 5 n hitherto.--E. H. T.] t ag- ies, Carts, &e.-The;' show in this a was thoroughly "national" in character, it npieakks well for ourlocal coachbuilders, ot, according to capable critics, they were a's tohold their own against the metropolis. rTe vehicles brought by G. F. Pickles and cas, beuetiful specimens as they all were, nre no better in all round finish and ,-.cleoas of material, than those placedin line of the local and district firms. In f?rst sIction the Melbourne company unrird oe both prizes, but the double todoed buggies of Messrs Goeed (HIamilton). atd C. Curran (Horsham) were miuch diro d. The first named took first honors -t:hir double open buggy, and G. Glenister i oersh:u,, was a close second, with an . ctllenlt vehicle. The pole, wheels and \--ler carriage are of hichory, with steel ,t?oe pla:-e, axles and tires ; and trimmings _mzorreso leather. The only other exhibit a?l-e .-o shown by G. Glenister, and was an .iutt sith sanero finishings, hickory body and polished iron work. In the single -?.-:d buggy section, Glenister had a very reaty one, Abbott pattern, made for Air :'eoo., the treasurer: of the local society, medl weish morecco leather, painted dark cten and lined with black and light green. hiw, C?oever, had to be content with st-ring the judges' approval after the one ?-sa by Mr A. Greed of Hamilton a- taken first prize, and Pickles and \- uc, -eand. The next section was ee:i filed wrih some excellent open buggies \- ."!;') made by H. and F. Bradshaw, Hor ., -,hose :ork was much admired, being :,arcteri.ed with thorough soundness and ran fnish. The single Abbot buggy had 1.a built by this firm for Messrs. Young b,. The other exhibit was fitted with :e c-c-eted axles, and had double steel sY. e and eadar,body; all the iron work being .tlihed -d the furnishing being of best oerican brown morocco leather. T. Laing, Nora:nlulhs, had a well put together aple ofi his work which repaid attention. bire CG. Glenister scored first honors and . F.. Pickles and Sons second. A. Greed aso exhibi ed one of his manufacture In ls three seated wagsonette section Pickles atra 5ens' was the only one exhibited and it .:k ecornal prise, the judges awarding no (J. Out of a large tarray of two seated erioaer' vehicles the judges awarded first d ccornd to Pickles and Sons, but the ex :tits of the other manufacturers, viz., C. F. .;h, Pimpinio, G. Glenister, Horsham, . sad I. Lradshaw, Hlorsham, and A. ?e?d. lamilton, were, to critics experi ald ili country Cwork, quite as well fitted :E not in Nome instances more so) for the re quiremcnts of this section. May and Millar, iorseham, A. Hocking, Horsham, and Nel. en and baunders, of Murtoa, showed some ,;i built, easy-runnming farm waggons, the irat prize being given to IKelly and Preston, -elarat, and second to May and Millar; ce lattel iirm also took second prize for the ;miy (G rmnu farm waggon on the ground. -n the aetre section II. and F. Bradshaw rlcibiteii au express waggon. Ali- clltaneiusul.-jLesides the numerous exhibits mentional in Friday's Times, a u>shion and antimacassar in poonah painting '-d some arasene crewoell work were much :dmird. iMrt . l 'Clure's exhibit of a baby's p:tic sat and bdotteeh in coral pink and white mool wire very pretly. There was only one \--?'hi of wool e iowers and a pretty arrange cent o ecax print under a shade. In the aild flowers there were ten competitors, the ~ze falling to 'Miss Ethel Langlands for ker sweetly pretty. and tastefully arrangel auquet. ?he writing in the copy books of ryss and girls attending school, was care kitl and Kell done and reflect much credi ta the terchers, as well as on the children a1emeelv&e.; A large oppossum rug, the hib.itb of Mr. Robert Elliott, of like Lons ikle, was very handsome, the skins being b'vatifully presererd and joined, and lined coetly with good red flannel. The Kangaroo r eand emu ergs, also exhibited by Mr. D. M'Onald, oreobroo:, were very pretty, some r the latter being beautifunlly carved. 3lr.ts LI?eglndE and Co, had an attractive rllection of millinerr and Mr Holtzmann's la bit of tals, tro e ihs, &e.;, if not attractive, \- ?-efel etud goodc C-rernl.--D. BlcCalman, Horsham, and T. l??sc. Hnhill. ehared the whole of the harness rd saddlery class between them, and ehered excellent specimens of work re up~c~tely, ali the siterial being good and 'e sewing aend mountings exceptionally s.ug rnd ?stefuL The honors in tie six , -, ,.qnally divided, but in the ais ?:rele Mr MICelman took prizes for vers- thiSg Ie Ehowed, viz., for set of cart ."a'e, tac"Ile. harness and dray collars. " the ,at!: -coe there was a falling off in ".tl.trs i comparison with otherelcsses at in cho-, but the collection, thonsh small, sage'?od. J, .raham of Grceentale and M. PHolaed f W? ddurburn, took best honors -iih the short hons, but the merits of WV. J. f'uter' exhibits from North Brighton were sit omlsltel-lly overlooked, that gentleman tr" ri-~o-id prizes with abull andcor. F. a: Sutilolz of P'imipinio, and J. Baker t Dntoita were .s, we'l representeI. J. arhby ol ruong Drong took two first rmo with his erefofrds. The Alderneys rade n ood show. Mr Jas Allan's prize ar_ ry cnw, full milk was won SJ. 1I. Fox. Horshtim, who Sseenrcdthi second prize. The following . rml'eted in this section.-F. Baum, Patpuite W. Io-ers, Iorsham; W. Rnle, 1.pilio; C. Smith, Horsham; Jos. Loader, ai; W. I Calder, Polkemmet; and M. .od?y, ilupepYnap. Evans and Leete, Hols , and S. Caster, Walmer, took first in seCtold plriz-s for pair of fat cattle. In 'e~0 Ct-lg rices W. Gazzard, Noradljuha, A.";""d ymer of his haundiwork on a -eJey, a.ich the judges considered very rtlhy. ltthe snwine class Jas. Fry, New sand S. Cnrter, Walmor, divided all the hnt herori, Evan's and Leete, of Hlorsham, ttli- g a eeond with a large sow with lnge litter. The farm and dairy produce 'tea a heildering collection of goods, 5d the list os so long that we cannot attempt : Oad s snything totho prize.list fully SPalished in ctr ]st iceue. The collection of Sleere' s-*ll goods, however, may be ttd, as it formed an exhibition of itself. aTe twochibitors, F. Williams, and Evans 0 Leto, a.d arranged their show side by 8tf , 004 the crray was a most magnificent ..h. aejudestpPleed the exhibits in the . h[Lt veaplaced them.:, Connected with It" cches a? ascolonial wine and beer and e ,, .- only e pe tomention that the r wir snfermented wine given by the es.on ThorvdaytoA. W. Fox and Co., has at tt cnwardedtoT. Alderson and Co., he i. hen making their award Sli pgra tipula'ed that Alderson and Co. a gel the prize, it was uonad, on .5sis, that the oeher winewas ortifies. 1\. "n,?eetby Dr Young iras to the effect asF?Ia. ad Co's wise contained a pretty t.m-erb!e s rerenta ~ of alcohol, and .ncride t he prize gacs to et l. This ar seems lo go to prove that in folure t.h jidgee of fermented and "srsamentall" 0- s t~rOggeoled to be done with P e2,isheep and rosebred,, should be ,8 c gentlemen for the two qnalities. -is5tl tlthat the merits of the pure 5ve I'- grape, anfermented,. rsns a rish iragc Pt b aLth when tasted by gentle -"r o~-ed tostronger liquor. mJa'ob dO end P. M. Carlr, acted \-- g lnthel mplement clss.: r.g.itoc.de h the remainder of- tlo prize T - It.oo"n Srorex. " " . ih,?iso, ;1 ;XJeeseU;Murtoai '2. ..... ..------- --__. - . '? -L ? - 1Thoroughbraed filly, 3 ycars-- Clure, H Lubc,2;only one entry no first awarded. cc H-riou°nghbrod filly-.j. Bong., Sheep hi Hills, 1. ngo, Sheep h MACHINERY. U Seed screen dresser- cLean Bros., and te Rigg, 1 ; Alfred Watts, Green Lakes, 2; Nicholson, Melbourne, hon. mention. H Broadcast sewing machine, attachable to hi waggon or dray-icEwan and Co., Mel. c. bourne, 1; May and Millar, Horshan, . sc Windmill~-McLean Bros. and Rigg,. 1 w Woolpress--p. . 'illiams, Mlelbourne, i ; t Humble and Nicholson, Geelong, recom-c nmended prize of £El. Irrigation plant, suitable for small area A. Hocking, 1. Earth scoop (self filling and emptying)- t A. Hocking, i, May and Millar, 2. Bag elevator-H. Powell, 1. EXTRAS. f Humble and Nicholson, rabbit extermin.f stor, hen. mention. St Humble and Nicholson, portable'?awmill V recommended prize of £2. - Cow Bros., Melbourne, Bain'ssteel fence, I recommended.i J. G. Foster Melbourne, 3 1.-p. vertical B engines, recommended. "1 T. Henderson and Co., dynamometer, o1 recommended prize of 10s 6d. Joseph Nicelson, .Melbourne, patent fly a wheel for winnower, secommended. Roller, suitable for breaking down the a mallee-Simpson and Sons, and A. Hoeking, g dividedfirstprize. o TILE BANQUET. ti The society held its annual banquet in con nection with the show on Friday evening at the Mechanics' Institute. The tables were laid in the hall, and the manner in which they were provided, and the catering carried out, reflected great credit on Mr W. Robin son, of the White Hart hotel, in whose hands was left this important item of the Show programme. The president of the Society, Mr S. Carter, occupied the chair,- having on his right the Hon. Mr James Bell, I Acting Minister of Mines, and the Hon. Mr W. Madden, M.LA., and on his left Dr Plummer, president of the National Agricultural Society, and of the Council of Education, the Hon. George Young, M.L C., anud Mr R. Baker, M.L.A, Among those at the head table were the Hon. Jas. Buchanan, M.L C., Mr Martin, Secretary for Agriculture, Mr.Cnarles Ye, a Mr Jas. McIntosh, Mr T. K. Dow, Mr J. Knight, Mr J. Carroll, President of the Wimmera Shire Council, and Mr T. Patter son, Secretary of the National Agricultural C Society. The vice chairs were filled by Mr R. Clark, mayor of- Horsham, and Mr Jan. Allan, vice- president of the Horsham and Wimmera Agricultural and Pastoral Society. After the several loyal toasts had been proposed by the chairman and received with due honors by the company, Mr Allan (vice-chairman) uroposed Her Majesty's Ministers of Victoria. Mr. Bell who was received with cheers, said it was gratifying to have this toast received with approval wherever it was proposed, as it showed that the actions of the present Government were appreciated, There had been evidence lately that the confidence reposed in Ministers was unabated and he himself thought that they were likely to retain that confidence. Government by coalition had been a success; the peace and quiet the country had enjoyed for the past eight years were due to it. Victorian securities were sought after ; property value had increased, and the promise of future prosperity was assured. The Ministry had not attempted anything novel or startling, but the measures that lad been passed and that would be brought forward were of great value. Good work had been done with the amending acts. Among these were the Justices of the Peace Bill, which would consolidate all the present Acts. give magis. trates greater power, and cheapen and expedite our law proceedings. The Forests' bill would prevent the wilful waste now going on, and increase the areaf f our timber reserves. One and a half million acres were reserved, but it was proposed to increase this to two and a quarter million of acres; re-planting was going on, three hundred acres being already in hand, and this work would be also pushed ahead. By the measure in regard to Neglected Children, the Government proposed to do away with the " barrack" system, and lodge and board out these waifs of society-whose only crime was being poor and neglected, and whom it was necessary to snatch from ruin at the outset of their lives--in private families where the department could ensure they would be properly looked after. He desired, here, to express his regret and that felt by those gentlemen themselves, that pressure of business had prevented the Premier and the Chief Secretary from being at Horsham onthopresentoceasion. Hwould have liked them to be present to congratulate everyone concerned, on the grand success of the show. The Grand National had not suffered by being held at Horsham this year. 'Cheers). He desired to say that the collection of exhibits was exceptionally good, especially in the classes of implements, horses, sheep and the ladies' departments. There were two stalls of butchers' small stock, which he considered quite a feature in the show. They had at the table that night I a good many representatives from two important institutions; the Department of Agriculture, in convection with which he must mention the name of the painstaking secretary, Mr D. Martin, and the Council of Agricultural Education. These gentlemen had been that day to visit Longerenong. and 1 the institution it was now proposed to establish there would be of advantage to t young men who would receive tuition in practical and scientific agriculture and, besides, reap the benefit of a good English education. The Horsham people were fortunate in having present there their 1 Parliamentary representatives, and Dr Plum mer who, he was sure, would give Longero nong as much attention as he had given to I Dookie and that it would be as great a I success. Mr R. Clark, in proposing the "Parlia ment of Victoria," referred to the differences and disputes which used to exist betweenthe < Houses of the Legislative Council and tihe Legislative Assembly. Both Clmambers now hosever, pulled together, and he had no doubt that the peace, progress and prosperity of the colony bud been brought about by the reform of the Upper House-a reform by which we were enabled tlhat- night to welcome as representatives of that Chamber such men as Messrs Bell and George Young. (Loud cheers.) As for the Legislative .Assembly, that wanted reforming individu ally. (Laughter). He would not dwell upon the bad language, the mutual recrimi tions and " scenes" that disgraced that House, but pass on to the movement lately initiated for securing" protection for farmers. fie, in his capacity as secretary of the local body formed for this object, had received from the Chief Secre tary a letter to say that oi the tariff being revised the question would have his best support.--(Hear, hear.) It was necessary, however, in the interests, the worthy interests of the farmers that we should keep on working and not cease energetic action, The request now being urged was with a view to put the farmer on thc same footing as the remainder of the colony, and we must not take " No," for an answer. Mr George Young, in replying to the toast, said that he was proud of the success of the Show; hlie was proud, that after a long lapse of years, the Grand National had held its meeting here; and he wvas proud to have present nearly all the members of the Council of: Agricultural Education. These gentlemen could now see for themselves the resources of our vast district. They had come to examine' tihe site of a farm school and buildings which will be of the greatest benefit to the district. (Hear, hear.) Mr Madden was entitled to their thanks for securing this object, an object the con sunmation of which probably we would hortly be called together to celebrate. The SCouncil of Agricultural Education had now Sseen the promie contained in the future of the WTimmera district, and having done so, considered it advisable to establish a farm and school. (Apllanse). Me trusted that we would seek to secure for our sons the benefit such an institution would confer. The annual show on this occasion had been of a more thoroughly representative character Sthan ever before. Thie extension of the rail way system in this district had enabled visitors to come to HIorshasm each day, andi gethomeagain theeame day. He thoughtthat the l'arliamentary representatives deserved thanks for obtaining the construction of these district lines, which conferred- so many advantages. Much good was obtained from the attendance of visitors on such occasions. Dr Plummer, for instance, the president of thire 1National Society, than whom a better asithority could not be obtained, had said to Shiim that the soil of tile district was equal to that of the biest districts in thie colony, and only required the application of water to I make it the best in Victoria. (Loud ap plause).. The preospects of the district, after a long lapse of good seasons, weire excellent, but with the proer slpplication of water there was nothing to ie feared, and thae prospect was assureds,-Be would not touch on the questio oftthe~svisien ofh e taeriff. - \- .5 / -" . 0-. .. ?.? He was glad, when the mover referred to the 103 conduct of members of Parliament, that he So had no remarks to make against those of the Po Upper House, and trusted that the members Hn for the North-west Provinces would continue to maintain a good character. th Mr Buchanan also responded to the toast. Cal He said he wished to impress upon his eq hearers that although the Council of Agri- pr cultural Education was going to establish a co' school at Horsham it would be open for the PU whole colony. (Hear hear). He considered of1 that he was doing his duty in helping hisis colleagues to establish the school, as he had been impressed with the site and thought it a good'tlhing when brought before the Council. th He, as a father. lhad had to send his sons to Iha the city, and when they came back they returned with ideas too high, thely'thought Ju they were above their position. The reason ad for this was that in the 'city schoo s the farmers' sons were laughed at., The farm schools taught a' useful art--'ne of great, ai value to themselves, and the course was equal to what is given at the Scotch college.: Th, an use of all agricultural implements was to be ati taught and this was a great desideratum. he He hoped his hearers would not leave it to. up the city men to fill these schools, and was gr. sure that the boys after the two or three pr years they spent there would be a great co accession to the colony. ha Mr Madden, who was received with loud be and continued applause, said that he was wi glad to know that the constituency was well cli satisfied with their representatives and with fel the legislation effected for the farmers and an the country districts. What had been done? m He would enumerate some of the work. TI Parliament had pat the farmers on 'the to land by the, most liberal' Land Act ever ha known. The end' was shown to have justi- to fled the means, and there was now in bi existence a yeomanry that the colony might .H well be proud of. (Hear, hear). The to institution of local Government was a boon. w, The Government, rightly -enough, gave. fri £310,000 per annum to assist the loda as bodies. (a voice, "'Not half enough I!") at Well, if £500,000 were voted, he would be at glad to see it. (Cheers). The extension of m railways, again, allowed the farmers to send in their produce to the metropolis and the t1 coast, and thence to all the markets of the th world. In this respect the district was well di supplied, excepting the western Wimmera, w and he hoped to see that gap soon filled, as it was of great use to the farmers. (Hear, s0 hear). He looked upon the YWater Supply Act as the greatest of all the measures, as by ft it the whole of the northern portions of the colony were provided with .a system of hi reservoirs, channels, dams, &o; , and in this h; district they had now no more fear of the tc terrible water famine. (Hear, hear). This ct had been supplemented by the Irrigation fo Act-(cheers)--an Act by which the waters k of the colony had been made the property of rr the people, and by which the products of the h country had been increased four-fold. He ti hoped to see Horsham in a very few years h, become the Los Angeles of Victoria. By the i Mallee Act, country which a short time ago tl Ihad beensuseless, had now become a new cr province-gained tC the colony.- He hoped n, before long to see vines, and all kinds of ce fruit grown in the mallee sections. Alinost it irreparable injury had been done to New st South Wales and South Australia by rabbits, and they had threatened at one tinme V to be the ruin of this district; but by the S action taken to eradicate this pest by the aI Government, they were now almost, free tl from the plague. Under the Agricultural 1i Colleges Act farmschools were being e established in the principal districts of the ol 1 colony, and the model and experimental' ar institutions would be found to be almost as p usefultostudents as time spent on' practical S farms. The IHorsham and Wimmera District Agricultural and Pastoral Society had that oo day upheld its reputation with credit to every' tl 1 body connected with the undertaking, and a had shown the visitors and the public what h v far-seeing thing it was of Parliament to o endow these Societies. Among other good Il work done by Parliament he might mention -A C the extension of postal communication, the ft construction of public buildings, and the te levying of special rates to carry out public e: works. (Hear, hear). Tlie most important ao of all was the Education Act which secured a such benefit to us all, without direct pay ment. He was pleased to see the success of 'S all these efforts recognized by the farming o community, as well as by the rest of the g country, and as long as the Go?ernment ti persevered in such efforts he would assist it. e AMr Baker also replied, he said that the show. was one which any society might be p prn,.ud of. He 'was pleased that by the. s' exertionsmof Mr Madden and. himself the p Nationial'Sliow ;ad been held hiere'this year, .p and hoped to be able to induce the' depart- a ament to do it again: There were' some social questions' that had not been touched b yet by the Government; lihe referred to the ii social evil and a more complete control of the s drink traffic. If the present Government ii would not tackle these they must .get I another who would. He had that day had a reason to suppose that all }Horsham and the district had droned the blue ribbon, foe he p could swear that he had not seen a single a drunken person. (Hear, hear.) In referring d to Mr Clark's remarks about the Assembly, v She reminded his hearers that the newspapers v had their own wayof reporting such matters occurring in the House; they had -no Aspinwalls of Ireland there now, but the t members were all honest in their endeavours or to legislate for the' poorest in the land. n (Hear, hear.) He paid a tribute-to .ir Thos. 1 Bent, who, when the water famine was on, h I had sent up special trains with 'water. He e did not think there was any necessity for a them to change their present representatives. s (Hear, hear, and laughter) ; but their large i district wanted two or three more to do their Swork. . At the conclusion of Mr Madden's speech there had been some' interruptiont by the efforts of Mr P. Rogers to obtain a hearing. r Mr Baker had to suffer come interruption from the same cause during the course of a his remarks, and at their conclusion he asked the chairman to accord Mr Rogers a hearing. 1 That gentleman then said that the water- I works were being constructed with' a Sdeficiency, and he wished to ask whether 1 c tile Government would supply the head works ? The Hion. Mr Bell, in reply' to this, Ssaid it was a large question . If the Squestioner referred to the head waters of I this district, he (Ir Bell) could say that Swhen Mr Deakin received the reports he Srwould give a favorable consideration to tlhe r scheme. (Lond applause.) Mr. Thomas Young proposed the "Council I e of Agricultural Education," and referring'to 1 the visit of the members present, said t..ey I II would now be able to see the natural p rodoctiveness of the district. Our oranges I lemons, and fruit- samplds of which had Sbeen exhibited would compare favorably :r with other provinces. The Councilhad seen m our people too, and had resolved to establish isan experimental farm anid college in our Smidst. The company had been told that we had a moat liberal Land Act, and had given everyone an opportunity of settling on the land, but these people wanted guidance and our farmoers were reachling a crisis in their career. The price of wheat had now reached its lowest level, and the question had become of the greatest moment, what we should grow instead. Thie local college should help us to settle this question by experiments, and in view espeialiy of irrigation (in which hel thoroughly believed) thle proposal to establish hean institution at Longerenong would be 'of a much benefit. O Dr Plummer, who was received with ad enthusiasm, said that the Council of Agri to cultural Education had been in existence only two and a half years. The Council had Sbeen told that they were rather a slow going he body, but thIeir movements required delibera a tion, and after all the results should speak for themselves. The first year had been taken up withl thie duty of dealing with the ks disposal of the 150,000 nereds of land with which the Council had been endowed. These reserves required weeding out- makling he te most of the best portions-and in thlis task the Council had received able assistance Sfrom two Horelsham men, Messrs Madden and D. Martin. After the etforts expended in this Sdirection the Council began to feel that a at start had been made. He might here state he that it was a noteworthy coincidence that the Ie following day (Ist October) would be the a anniversary of the opening of the Dooekie in stitution which had been a full succcss ii (cheers)-although they had not hoped to Sestabltsh a machine right away. Seeing that ot we had done so much there, Mr Madden pro at posed the establishment of another similar :d institution at Longcrenong in this district; so and he must say that he (Dr Plummer) ty thought it a very proper proposition. The m argument against this was that it would be . in a similar climate to the Dookie school; jf but in favor of it was thefact thatthe ground I r was ready for ploughing, it was fenced in, it o would soon be reproductive, and it was in Sthe immediate contiguity of irrigation. d (Hear, hear.) I beliero thoroughly in the advantages of the latter in this and other . districts. (Cheers.) The one thing is to r have the water, and the. next best , thing is to make use of it. By r having an institution at LdngereonbOg. we a may help you to' make use of it. (Lotid h applause.) Adverting to -the show, .he b F amight.)iay .th!ai .h brought eMr P -titai son, Secretary of the National Agricultural Society, with him, to see if it were not possible to pick up at Horsham some hints in regard to the meetings at Melbourne. He could say that he admired very much H, the way in which the show here had been Fi carried out. The exhibition of sheep was co equal to anything in Victoria; the dairy th produce could hardly be exceeded; and he ne could heartily commend the admirable ne punctuality obsorred,andthegeneralmanage- a5 ment of the whole show. (Cheers). The fact en of having the institution established at TI Longerenong would entitle him to the all privilege of having to come up to Horsham fo occasionally, and he hoped he would have Ti the same reception accorded to himn that he wi had had that day. th Mr Steator proposed the health' of "The T 'Judges" and referred to the painstaking and admirable- manner in 'which 'they had performed their'-onerous duties; this fact being proved by' there not having been a single protest. :t. sI r W. Macdonald, of Nhill, responded, and isaid thati in August, 1862, he had \y attenided thefirst;florshamnshow T Today D he had ;to' coininen'd the 'management F. up-on - the :'w; y they had had 'the G grounds prepared ntied the facilities im. ' proved for judginig, which rendered the duty S. t comparatively easy.- Asa judge of sheep he R had three suggestions to make-there should Ji I be gates to each of the pens, as it was some- K Swhat trying for the older men to have to L. l climb over the sticks; there should be dif- D 5 ferent judges.for merinses and" erosbreds; G 1 and there should be separate prizes for fat J. merinoes and'fat crossbreds. (Hear, hear.) C, The show of sheep to-day proved the advan- R tage to-the farmer of keeping sheep, and he r had no hesitation in saying that for a man to become a successful farmer he 'must com- J. bine wool growing with the culture of wheat. H t He had something to say about .wild dogs, T too, and in the interests of stock raising it It was necessary to put down this pest on the Al e. fringes of the mallee country. He would T ask the Parliamentary representatives to R stop the progress of the fox, who was F e steadily advancing in the invasion of the T f mallee. .ie hoped that all would combine A I in this direction and trusted that through J the co-operation of the Vermin Boards and J e the Government the last howl of the last V II dingo would soon be heard is the north- F western provinces. ' s Mr R. Howie, of Ballarat, also briefly re- J 7, sponded to the toast. J y Mr Drummond proposed " The Success- T y ful Competitors." ' Mr. Bullivant, in returning thanks, said he had just returned from England, where he is had visited similar meetings. He was able to say that he could draw favorable comparisons between some of them in favor of the Horsham Show. He ac- knowledged the obligations he owed to his manager for the excellent standard attained by his sheep and pointed out that nineteen- twentieths of the prizes had gone to breeders holding land within twenty miles of Horsham. Referring again to England he said that the colony and the old mother country appeared to him to be getting nearer each other, and more alike in their conditions every day, and he thought that in this way the federal instinct was growing stronger. y - Mr. Maddenproposed "The Horsham and I ie Wimmera District Agricultural andI Pastoral oe Socie:y."' He said the celebration of the I in anniversary of that body to-day showed that 1 e the society had attained its manhood (Hear, ai hear). He 'thought the exhibition was a 3 credit both to the natibo and to the people e of the 1imnera,' and that the praise it accorded to it that ni-ht by Dr. Plummer, is president of thli National Agricultural 11 Society, was praise indeed. (Cheers). :t Mr. S. Carter,-the chairman and president t, of the..society, returned thanks. He said y' that'' the commnittee' tad worked hard d and the whole district had lent a willing it hand. .The Wimmera was equal to any part o of'Australia as'theiir sheep were quite as d large as and perhlips larger than any other. n All we wanted was inoistadre to grow the se feel in the proper time of the year. He had ie to.express his acknowledReinents to the ie exhibitors,' to the neiglloring kindred it societies and last, though not least, to the d secretary, Mr. E. C. Rogers. : .Mr George Young proposed "The Kindred Sf Societies." He said that the representatives i' of the district and other districts, sand ie gentlemen frorii Melbourne, had referred to it the manner in.' which the district lhid t. emulated the example. of the National Agri ie cultural Society,' and he hoped that the se present example 'would he kept up. He io. sincerely' trusted that the good feelings ie prevailing -between " the Horsha . and r, .Wimmera Society 'and•its'kindred associ t- ationswould long.cotitinue.- (Heir. hear.) . se Dr Plummer in responding said he hail td been iorn on a farm, and though brought up ie in the' medical ?-ofedsioni, he knew of no se society.where he injbydd hinmself so much as at in a farming community. (Hear, hear.) et This district was-purely a farming district, id and he was speaking soberly and sincerely, e' when he. expressed his belief that the ie prospects here were the best in Victoria. It le depended entirely upon the people of the ig district themselves, and he did not think hie y, was making any mistake in saying they rs would prove the statement he had made. rs i. r MuIntosh of Ballarat, also reponded, to add said what he had seen of the show went se to prove that although the cattle exhibit rc might have been more numerous, the sheep, d. machine;y, horses, and dairy- produce s. classes were excellent.. The latter could not a, be equalled, being neat and clean, with no oe excessive ornamentation. The ladiespresent or at the show, 'too and the young men, all s. seemed in excellent condition. and these were ge indications 'of comfort and happiness. ir 'air J. Knight, in responding said there had been differences of opinion, as regards the :h establishment of a school at Longerenong ae and he hoped all agriculquralists would take g. notice of the action of the several members on of .the Council of Agricultural Education. of Mr D." Bone. president of the Nhill sd Society also replied. As a practical farmer g. he believed that district farm schools; were r- better than a central eolleoe, as they would a afford apractical training. He thought the cr low price of wheat obtaining now should e- compel'farniers to torn their attention to es, growing other things. RHe would ask the he attention'of the Council to givinginducement of to find a remedy for the "take offr' o at "Wimmera'pateh." : ' ' r he 'Ir Patterson, secretary of the hational le Agricultural Society also responded. ' Our Muanicipal Institutions" was pro l posed by Mr R. Baker and acknowledged by to the mayor of tlorsham'and the president of sy thbeWimmnera Shire Council, after which Mr al Madden favored the company with a song es entitled " The Dutchman," given with ad excellent effect. sly fIr P. P. Fraser, Dimboolta .Shire, pro en posed "Prosperity to the town of HIorsham." ash Hoe spoke of.the dariger of forgetting the ur edueational purposes of such meetings and ,we pointed out that the National 'Society on rescued our.local soeieties from becoming he parochialin clharacter. - :. nd Mr RI. Clark,.Mayor of IHorsham, re eir sponded and,<in welcoming the members of ed the' Couicil of Agricultural Education, me expressed a hope that they would come ild again to Hoisham. slp "The Commercial and.Banking Interests il of Horishani" was then given by Mr , J. he' Carroll, President of the Wimmera Shire ish Counnil, and received with musical honors. of Mr P. M. Carter, manager of the London Chartered Bank, in reply said that the it "burning" question of the day in the ri- district was, strangely enough, water. ace (Laughter.) The proper supply of irriga iad tion works would tend to the increase of ing population and enable three people to be ra- employed where now there was only one. ak He warned the electors to Ikeep this in view en and to return as representatives in Parlia he ment and in their municipal associations ith men who would support " water." (Hear, ed. hear.) Step by step then, individually and ng collectively, the district would progress, and his in this direction the banks were always ,c prepared to afford help. ud The toast was also replied to by Mr HIill, his of Dimboola; MIr F. H Oliver, of Goroke : a and Mr Jelbart, of Goroke. The latter ate gentle-can referred to Goroke as a young he place, but it was going to have its first he show this year on the 13th October, when in- the Parliamentary representatives had pro mised to attend and the Horsham people to exhibit. He took the opportunity of thank at ing the Parliamentary representatives for ,o securing improved railway communications. ar Mir R. Clark, junr., proposed "The Donors of Special Prizes," to whom so much of the success of the show was due. he Mr D.. Bone, President of the Nhill be Society, responded. M; r W. Macdonald,. of Nhill, proposed ad "The P'ress."' He took the occasion to say it that the present was not only a Borsham, in but aWimmera district, show. In 1892 the Granid National tShow would be held at SNhill, and he cordially invited the members Sof both Houses of Legislation, and of the Council of Agricultral' Education, to be ,The taht havingbeen" tapliid to,'Mr A. Hocking prepsed "The Ladies.'" responded to by Mr. Gso.irll, am:thse toast of "The President and the Secretary," responded to ae0 by hfeprs Cart .nd r sogeu, broyg tase r .leda" a~· cduio e~ic~osts&' /- 