OUR LADY LETTER WKiltrt. My Dr.Aii Eniii,— I must return to tho Burrawang experiences from which I wandered rather irrele vantly in my Inst. You tnnsl imagine yourself once more in those (lurk sassafras brushes with night creeping and tightening its sombro clasp. At such times illumination is wont to play strange freaks. Shailovvs and Bounds lieforo unheard or unseen, now arrest both ear and oyo ; trees which in the sunlight were but fantastio in shapes-nothing more, now resolve themselves into goblin forms, with tho clingiug vinos a mass of hideous reptiles. To add to our misfortunes all tho dismnl tales of bush life ciuno swarming into our minds, foremost among tho ills of such being, unexpected bonight ment in wilds unknown. Kendall's "Ghost Gion" with all its wonderful realism rang through our minds, and tho logs fallen and charrcd in many in stances suggested n fitting theatre for Btich deeds as it speaks of. Wo did not pauso in our scrambling all this timo though, but prossed on fearfully enough, with novcr a knowledge of when tho end would como, but with a fixed purposo to get out of the brushos as Boon as cvor our good fortune would direct us. Tho siloneo almost unbroken, but for tho occasional sounds incidental to a forced passage through scrub and undergrowth, was now broken by a prolonged mutter of tho hcavons, and almost instantaneously a shriek half human, pierc ing, and altogether woird and uncanny, seemed to rise from tho deopest darkest doptlis of tho bush. Every drop of blood frozo in our bndios, and I feol sure that Shakespeare's siinilo about " quills upon tho fretful porcupmo" would but faintly express tho way our hair roso on end. .Tust thon a heavy but oarthly atop sounded behind, and a bluff looking farmer accosted us. Wo explained our prcdicamont, and he at onco offered to show us out, saying at tho samo timo, that wo had no right to go wandering about, unless we had somo notion of tho locality. Wo felt crushed and helpless, so listened meekly to the lecture, but at its closo curiosity banishod pride, and the weird cry boing altogether inoxplain able and Btill ringing in our cars, wo ventured to ask him if ho knew what it was. " Thero you got me," he said, shaking his head and looking a littlo queer, while almost imperceptibly his pace quiok oned; "thero is folks as say this oro brush is haunted, because years ago, one of tho old cedar cutlers murdered his mato down in tho hollow wlieroyou was passing when I como up—but as for me I don't boliove 111 any such nonsense. Tho cry you are talking about X havo honrd times out of number, somotimes after sundown, but oftcnest late at night when there is a storm browing; it :b some animal or other, no doubt, though folks don't seem to know what kind. Why, that is nothing," he added cheerfully, seeing our frightened faces, "thero is a real liauntod house hereabouts with ghosts enough to set everybody's llosh creeping for months to come. Now thero have boon queer sights seen there, I'll own, real dissolvors, that you put your hand through and through, and yet feel 110 substance ; people won't live in it aftor a bit, they oil notice something queer, and fool a moving fancy pretty soon, but of course it is all rubbish. You see years and years ago, whon the old folks fimt came about, tho place was kind of lonesome. The scrub was so thick I have heard it ,'said that Mr. oleared a patch to grow somo potatoes on, and his wifo told me that oven with tho littlo hit of olcaring she hardly saw tho sun at midday. O110 can't wonder that people shut out from the world like that with hardly a soul to speak .to from otio years' ond to the othor, would got all worts of queer fancies in their heads—they aro only beginning to forget about tho old superstitions now." As our guide uttered these last words wo turned a corner and came upon out buggy drawn up in exactly tho same pla 0, but minus a couple of its occupants, who the driver informed us were scatohing for us. Here was a dilemma—fortunately wo found them soon with the help of our rescuer, who also told us whero to put up for the night. So through our imprudent ramble wo stayed another day in this petty spot. The next morning dawned clear ond fair, a thunderstorm during the night had freshened tho air, and brightened tho verdure and foliage, so that wo now saw tlio country under tho most favourable circumstances. A long walk through linmless paddocks literally waving with grass and field lloweis, buttercups, blue-bells, and clovor, brought us to one of the best farms in tho district. It embraced far stretching acres, many brilliant with Ilia first flush of the coming crop, some freshly ploughed and richly rod, for the Btirra wang soil is a fine rich red loam, perhaps ovou tn ire fertilo than black for growing purposes. The farm house nestled cosily on a hill sido, and wiving fruit trees, pregnant with rich stores in tho near fnuin, surrounded it on every sido. Although, as I bcfor.i mentioned, the soil is so rich, the chief pursuit here iB not agricultural farming in its strict sense ; it is dairying. Butter and milk are the muscles and sinews of this community, if I might so express it, nnd although this is an acknowledged faot, you will hardly b«l e.o that tho buttoris as oxpensivo and hard to get here as it is in our cities; the reason bo ing that every scrap is jealously preserved for tho "big keg,'- which is sent away weekly, and which housewives will not break into for love or money. The butter about here is proverbial for its quality, rich, creamy, and yellow, but it certainly ought to* i be exceptional with such luxurant grass and fodder for the "mild-eyed kino" to graze on. Indian maizo is grown in great quantities, but used beforo it ripens, principally for green food. I overheard a farmer say to my father that tho maize never riponod out thero, but I cannot understand this, for I saw somo full and goldon and that grew in Milta gong last year. Surely if thero is a difference in tho climate Burrawang has tho advantage. Owing to the thiolt vegetation and situation tho atmosphere is very different—now I think about the matter, moro humid, the mists sometimes hanging about till tho sovereign of the day has sailed half through his course. This can hardly bo healthy, and yet there does not seem to be much Bickness about. The girls of tho district are very healthy looking, with an abundance of colour, and that dictator of the form divine, ilesh; their sweethearts and brothers aro worthy heirs of tho stout-hearted fathers who literally chopped their way into these pathless wilds in tho now retreating past. I have not half finished my chat about Burrawang, but it must be continued in the next letter. Adieu for the nresent. HESTER, 