THE THIRD. The Tears bad passed. Again 'twas Christmas Eve; Again the silver moonlight kissed the hill3, And lay in gleaming sheets across the lake, And flashed and sparkled in the singing rills. A Yoke, once sweetest music, spoke to me, And I amid the flickering shadows heard; But not one answering chord spoke in my soul, And not a fibre of my heart was stirred. I thought of that fair beauty lying low. Your mother, darling, had bat lately died; And all my heart within me seemed as stone, Listening to that low whisper at my side. " I was mistaken." Thus yonr father spoke. "My heart bat strayed a little while from yon; And when too late, like swallows homeward bent, Sad and repentant, dear, it backward flew. "But through the years that Lily lived, be lieve, I tried to do my duty to my wife; She never knew that one mistake of mine Had really casta Bhadow o'er each life. " Bnt now, at last, I come to yon, my love, The world has suddenly grown strangely bright; Come, be my daughter's mother and my wife, And through my life its one fair, guiding light," Be ceased to speak, and silence fell around, I heard the distant waves break on the beach; Through the green vines a sighing night wind swept, A cricket perched and chirped within my reach. I waited, silent, thinking of the Christ, And of that golden rule laid down by Him, And how EO oft our feet by faith must walk, Because the clearest light on earth is dim. And so I bent my head, and as a child I asked the Child Divine to guide my way, And in this trying moment of my life To touch my lips .and teach them what to say. And then I spoke, with heaving breaBt and clow, " To your sweet child a mother I would be; I loved her mother, and for her dear sake I'd guard her little daughter lovingly, "But for the rest, the love I had for you Died by your hand; can dead things live again? In vain you try to make the marble speak, You seek for laBt year's blossoms all in vain, " Had you loved me you should have known it then, And not have wronged so cruelly the girl Wbote love was worthy of a full return, Who should have been to you life's choicest pearl. "I do forgive the wrong against myself; You wronged your wife more than the girl you left, Though by your act the promise of my life Was to its glowing centre rent and cleft." I did not let it come into my voice, The burning scorn that tilled my heart for him; Though, with its trembling force my hands turned cold, And all the lovely light grew pale and dim, I thought of all the p»st- its cruel pain. Men think but lightly of these hearts of ours; They win them for a moment's idle whim, Then cast them from them as some withered flowers. Love is immortal, so the poets say, Then what we love must be immortal too; To some ideal wrought from our own brain, Surely immortal love iB scarcely due. Love live?, I think, while that it feeds on liveB, But that is surely more than flesh and blood; More than the fairest form of human mould That ever on this earth since Adam stood. While that we love is worthy of our love Then is love deathless ; then the very grave Can eet no bar between the BOUIS whose lips Have drunk together of that crystal wave. But when the shrine is empty, oh! my child! We may go mourning to our Bad life's end, But to that shattered idol, worthless, base, Not love itself can grace or beauty lend, And yet, my child, I have been often glad That I spoke gently to him on that night;' For, though I knew it not, we never more Should stand together in each other's sight. I do believe he is with God, my child, Axd when wemeet in that fair land of heaven I may perchance, I hope so, darling, find Something to justify the love once given. Perchance-who [knows ?-it may be I shall find My thought of him wrought into living fact; From my ideal he may be supplied With all of greatness thathiB being lacked. It may be; for, my child, we do not know What means God uses for HiB own great ends; Nor bow the ceaseless friction of this life To the soul's stature erace and beauty lends, God sees the inner, we the outer Bide; God sees the reason, we but feel the smart; And it may be that nobleBt being grows Above the ruinB of a broken heart, Some twelve months later, dear, there oame to me _A message, pitiful, repentant, sad, That for a moment piei ced the silent past, And stirred again the love that once it had. And then, from far across the great wide sea, My blue-eyed darling came to nestle down, And of my life, so cold and sad, to be For evermore its sunshine and its crown, There, darling, I have told you now The tale you oft have begged to hear; But let no sadness dim your eyes, And shed for that dead past no tear, Flee I shall wish that I had let The silent grave its secret hold ; The tale that oanses needless pain Bad better nerer hare been told. Believe hip, sweet, that all is well When God the moulding tools shall grasp Each blow is helping to release The angel in the marble's clasp, Perhaps it may be, never quite, la that iroprison'd beauty free. Until, redeemed and purified, The BOUI shall God the Father see. Take for your comfort this, my child, No lot is ever sunless quite; God always to the saddest sends Some gclden rays of heavenly light. To-morrow you will be a bride, And life's best crown will rest on you; Darling, to every vow you take Be to your inmost centre true. Some women lightly hold the gift Of man's true homage, nobly given. Believe me when I tell you, dear, Life holdB nought holier under heaven. Ah 1 better be aB I am, child, With all of love dead but its ghost, Than win a true man's faithful love And fail him when he needs you most. See, dear, the sinking moon hangs low, A disc of gold along the sky ; And the sweet murmur of the bells Soft on the breeze iB wafted by. What do they say, those Christmas bells ? They speak of hopeB and joys long dead; They Btir a thousand memories That we had thought forever fled, But better still, they speak, those bells, Of peace on earth and God's goodwill, And promise that his presence shall The whole wide1 earth with glory fill. And we, whose liveB are desolate. Hold that sweet promise in our souls, And wait in patience for that hour While Btill time's river onward rolls. Aye, we can wait, since in His hands God holds all men, and grasps all things; And we rest safely, bidden so, Beneath the Bhadow of His wings. The moon has sunk behind the hills, In your blue orbs a shadow lies; EJBS me good night, and wake, dear child, To-morrow under sunlit Bkies. Leave all of sorrow with this hour; Be brave, go forward, look not back; The shadows always lie behind, There's light ahead along life's track, Set to the sun your face, my child, Your eyes keep ever on the light; Be patient, faithful, true, and pure, And leave the rest to God. Good nurht! AGNBS NHALB, 1887. 