The Lighthouse of Bluff Cape. BY A. B. BELL. CHAPTER XV. The Cruise of the Pirates* "Oh! how will crime engender crime ! Throw guilt upon the soul, and, like a stone Cast on the troubled waters of a lake, 'Twill form in circles, round succeeding round, Each wider than the first." -COBMAK (the younger). " Weliminates, I reckon this island in sight of us should, be the very one to suit, providing we could get to it," said Jacques Crapaud, as he and his com panions stood on the deck of the Revenge, which mailed along about a couple of miles from the shore of what appeared to be a most lovely island. f* Yes, yer right, Jacques, if we can only find an opening through this reef. I tell yer what, I am that horrid sore with wounds and burns as I can; hardly move, and I'd sooner run the schooner slap on the tarnation rocks and take our chance of swim ming on shore than try to work the ship all crippled as I am," said Francois. " You are mo worse off than any of us," Jacques replied. " Hang your skin, one would think, to hear you, that you did all the work and was the only invalid. Ain't I .got three bullet-holes in my hide, and one of the bullets stuck in my body yetj thanks to that Irish son of a gun; curse him, I'll have ven-, geance on the one-armed old dog yet." Ghist&ve.;, Jean and Adolphe (the three escapees who, with Jacques and Francois, were the only survivors of the attack on the lighthouse) here joined ill, and enumerated their injuries, and cursed Mick Flanagan most liberally, consigning him body and soul to, the nethermost depths of perdition. " Growl and curse your damnedest, it won't cure our case," said Francois; " we've run a good 500 miles from Cape Bluff, and we've reached this jolly island in an out of the way spot that just suits us, and now, after coasting round it two days, we can't get; ashore without running our ship on that con founded reef, so I votes as how the sooner we does it the better. Now:, what do you say, boys?" After some argument this proposal was adopted. "Now then, lads, get ready for a swim," said Jacques, as the wheel flew round. The vessel's head fell off, and she careered with a full sheet straight for the reef. This reef completely surrounded the island some quarter of a mile from the shore, apparently without a brpak, and the waters on every side tumbled and rushed. over , its coral bed in huge rollers that threatened to dash any vessel to fragments that should be unfortunate enough to come within their power. As the Revenge neared the danger, the roar and' tumult of the foam- crested breakers, as they burst in fury on the reef, caused the craven hearts of the pirates to sink with fear. Francois rushed to the wheel and assisted Jacques to put the helm hard over, and endeavor to wear the vessel round. They realized the great danger they ran too late. They had already passed the point of an outer reef, and the enormous rollers had caught \- her in their power and bore her. onwards to destruc tion on the inner line of rocks,, whose jagged points could be seen a hundred yards further on. The wind had lulled, and the effect of their efforts had only brought the schooner broadside on to the huge waves, which threatened to turn the vessel over as she lay on her beam ends. But one huge roller passes, and;the vessel rights herself. A gust of wind bellies out the sail, she moves forward, but there'can l>e no espape, the outer reef already overlaps them, and, unless on the other tack, they can never reach the open ocean. There is no time to tack ; already they' are within a few yards of the inner reef, though now sheltered from the rollers by the outer one. But suddenly a ery of joy comeB from &ustave; at the bow; the inner reef ends abruptly, and, passing its jagged point by a few yards, the vessel glides into the peaceiul lagoon . within. The reefs, running parallel for a short distance, overlapped, and thns, to any vessel a* few hundred yards on their ocean side, presented an unbroken line of foaming breakers, though, in reality, a tolerably wide passage existed between them. Through this concealed channel, by the merest chance, the pirate schooner had succeeded in effecting an entrance. Th# pirates, dropped their anchor, and lost no time in lowering their boat, and, overjoyed at not only saving their lives, but also their schooner, they pulled for the shore. The water, beautifully clear, allowed them to see fathoms deep. The sandy bottom was strewn with BhellB and branches of beautiful red and white coral, long floating seaweed waved to and fro in the' depths beneath, and the bright fish darted in and out among the fairy branches. It was an enchanting scene, and wasted on these monsters, more voracious than the shark that sometimes pursued it's finny prey beneath that placid surface. And, yet, that lovely view below them was rivalled by that on shore. A magni ficent beach of hard white sand was surmounted by a line of emerald-green turf ; this carpet, sloping up wards, was lost among groups and clumps of feathery palms and tall bamboo, save where avenues of the graceful palms, in all varieties, allowed glimpses of the park-like lands beyond. As they pulled along, just off the beach, they rounded a beautiful rocky point surmounted with a bunch of scrub, which gave forth almost every color in the rainbow. Festoons of lovely creepers hung gracefully down from the dark green foliage, which threw into strong relief their myriad blue, yellow, white, and red blossoms. Flowers and bloom from the most gorgeous tints, to the faintest and most delicate shades of color, con trasted with the chocolate and varied dark tints of the. rocks. The whole, reflected in the water beneath, was like a vision of fairy land. But, as the pirates rounded the point on the other side, a scene presented itself, not more beautiful, but far more welcome to the pirates. A stream of pure sparkling water sprang from the foot: of the scrub, and trickled and splashed in rippling,; glittering cascades down on the rocks, and ran off out on the sandy, shell-strewn beach, as if to still further enhance the value of this island to them. An inlet which wound into the land, its banks densely wooded, gave them great hopes that they might here find a hiding place for their vessel. And on entering it, such, indeed, turned out to be the case; for after , pulling in a few hundred yards they found the inlet quite wide and deep enough to admit The Re venge; while the height of the banks, and the thickness of the foliage, were sufficient to completely conceal the pirate schooner (though her black flag fluttered at her masthead) from the closest scrutiny of any passing vessel. The escapees knew full well that every hole and corner of the Pacific would be searched for The Revenge and her crew; and they lost no time in bring ing their vessel into this sheltered nook, and, fixing their camp on the bank near at hand, they prepared to take things easy. But an other danger threatened them j they saw un mistakeable signs that they were not to be allowed undisputed possession of the island. For the follow ing day, while out hunting, a shower of spears was thrown amongst the Frenchmen, and they caught glimpses of several dusky savages bounding among the bushes. Jacques and his party, after this adventure, lost no time in returning to the schooner, and shifted their camp on board again. It was well for, them they took such precautions; for the following night some hundreds of yelling South Sea Islanders attacked them, and it was with the greatest difficulty they were beaten off. The Frenchmen, by the aid of their firearms, at length repulsed the kanakas, the latter leaving many dead and wounded behind them in the waters of the inlet, and on its banks. Next morning a small party appeared holding up their hands, and making peaceable signs to those aboard the schooner. Jacques seeing they were but a small number, allowed them to swim out, and clamber on the vessel's decks. One or two of them could talk English pretty well "Misser Captain, you savee me? want to make friends," said one burly savage, who, by his fantastic head-dress, appeared to be a chief. " Supposin' whiteman help Lobo fight Tammo, kanaka make white man king." " What's that you say ? " replied Jacques, who did not quite understand the chief. " 1'his Island called Lobo/' said the chief j " me king Bumba, my men want to fight 'nother island called Tammo, one day saii from here, you helpee me, me give plenty tucker, plenty everything, and make you king of Lobo." The Frenchmen now had a knotty point to discuss. Such an excellent opportunity of making friends with the Lobo natives, and of securing the island for a I home and a stronghold was too good to lose. They coul4 also now provide an ample crew as unscrupulous as themselves, to aid them in their future piratical schemes. But, on tbe other hand, they did not like risking their vessel out of her sheltered position, while the seas around were probably swarming with enemies in search of them. Finally, they agreed to accept the offer of friendship, and promised King Bumba every assistance. A great rubbing of noses followed. The islanders, fully impressed with the courage and prowess of the pirates, and well aware Of the deadly effect of firearms, were half wild with delight at having secured their valuable assistance* A plentiful supply of fruits, vegetables* pork, and fish were sent on board the vessel, and for several weeks immense preparations were made by the Lobo islanders for the invasion af Tam mo. The French men visited the chiefs among the now friendly islanders, and lived like fighting cocks, eating ana drinking to any extent. At last half-a-dozen dusky beauties were allotted to each Frenchman, and, under the skilful treatment of their wives, the escapees rapidly recovered from their wounds; And now the time approaches for the sailing of the expedition. A large fleet of canoes has been col lected ; as many as possible are stowed on the decks, or down the hold of the schooner, and with the re mainder in tow, and crowded from stem to stern with the Lobo islanders, with a favorable breeze blowing, The Revenge set sail, passed through the awkward passage in the reef, and steered for the island of Tammo, which came in sight just as the setting sun sank beneath the billows to the west. Darkness had set in before their sails could have been observed from Tammo. King Bumba directed the course of the vessel, and she steered for a small'bay on the lee side of the island. Here they anctiereu unperceived by the Tammo islanders j the CanogS were hoisted out, and the natives cautiously and quietly, like black ghosts, slid down the sides of the schooner, and took their places in their frail boats, and quickly the flotilla paddled to the shore. (To be continued.J , ?, ?- : THE Royal Humane Society of Australasia has awarded the following testimonials to persons fdr acts of bravery performed within the jurisdiction of Queensland:-Silver medal to Lieut. Col. Wilbiw ham, passenger per R.M.S. Merkara, who jumped overboard whilst the ship was going at the rate of j twelve knots an hour, and endeavored to rescue Elliott Neild, a fellow passenger, when passing I Claremount Point, off the Queensland coast, on 2nd January last. Bronze medals-To James Brown, aged 36, of Queensland, for rescuing Patrick M'Cosker, aged 23 years, from drowning, at Boga billa, on 21st August, 1886 ,* to Alfred Piper, aged 16 years, of Darling Downs, Queensland, for en deavoring to rescue Aramah, a South Sealslander, from drowning at Umbereollie Creek, on23rd August, 1886 j and to William E. Yaldwyn, aged 24 years, bank clerk, for rescuing three Europeans, two kanakas, and two aboriginals, in a canvas ? canoe, on the Warrego River, near Charleville, Queensland. THE following gentlemen have been elected office bearers for tbe current year in the Council of the Queensland Rifle Association: - Chairman, Captain Burrell (re-elected); treasurer, Captain Moody (re elected) ; executive officer, Major Des Voeuxj execu tive corunnittee-Captaiiis Gannon and Moody (Defence Force), A. D. Campbell (Volunteers^, Stirling, of Toowoomba (Rifle Club), and Senior Sergeant, Downie (Police). THB Hon. Henry Cecil Raikes, the present Post master-General in the British Cabinet, will be the next Governor of New Zealand. SIB K, G. HAMILTON, the new Governor of Tas mania, arrived at Hobart on the 11th instant; OVEE thirty gentlemen have givenin their names to form the Rockhampton Mounted Rifle Volunteer Corps, most of whom have signed the : necessary requisition. THE Raynor brothers have been playing to crowded houses at IpBwich, Toowoomba, and Warwick. , THE Victorian Sugar Co., Melbourne, and: the Colonial Sugar Refinery, Sydney, have amalgamated, the new regime to take effect in July next. The mills in N. S. "Wales, Queensland^ and Fiji, and,the refineries at Yarraville and Pyrmont will thus pafcB into the hands of the new company. The-British House of Commons has passed a vote of ,£100,000 for the forthcoming Adelaide (S;A.) Exhibition. 