THE DOCTRINE OF THli RE sirRRECTTflV. !(T0 THK KIUTOR OK THE ADVKliriSKK.) Sir,—The sutjliine theme of the Resurrection to whioli ycju have wisely given space in your colubjns, is rightly deserving of public attention, the ii)ore sq as it is not found usually anions the aubjeots imnuunaed from timo to timo to he treated of by the various ministers from their pulpits o platforms in this city. The letters of "Inquirer, "Waiting," and " H. R.," having drawn attention to it, I trust the rasult will be that an interest will be awakened in this commonly neglected topic not mtrely amongst the "clergy," who, though appealed to by "Inquirer," do not seemed disposed to supply the deficiency be complains of, but also amongst the public generally. The subject is so intimately-connected with the great and all important subject of human redemp tion being statedly brought before the public mind by the clergy of the day that it might at first sight appear strange that those who take the place of paid public instructors on vital points connected with man's future and eternal well being, should have so long neglected this one as they have done. The explanation, however, to those, who like "In quirer, ' have probably observed and regretted the fact is that there is a serious barrier in tho way of their wishes being realised at present, viz., the largeadinixtureof merely human philosophy which has unfortunately found a phum in the teach ings of tho Hystetnatio theology of tho day. The views held and taught generally regarding the origin, nature, and destiny of man (as embodied and taught in the Platonic Philosophy) are utterly at variance with the views embodied in the teach ings of Christ and in the preaching and writings of his ajiostles. There is not a single passage in tho Old or New Testament which affirms the natural immortality of man. The speculations in dulged in on this point have become r\ vas'Sy deep," and darkness bco'i^i \wtcin the" facu o{ its wtitep. Oourisol has been darkened by "words without knowledge." Tho leaven of error has spread until the whole "lump" has nearly been leavened. But to those who are desirous of leaving the unsatisfactory wastes of the "philosophy and vain deceit of man," Colos nians '2nd chapter 8th verse, there is " tho mire word of pronhuoy," "a light that ahineth in a dark placo, whorMinto," — says tho Apostle, 2nd Peter, 1st chapter, 10th verse After having alluded in his epistle to what doubtless he would ha-e them not take h.-ed, viz., "cunningly devisej fables," "ye do well that ye take heed," "for the prophecy came not in old timo by the will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost," (2nd Peter, 1st chapter, 21st versu.) Tho teaching of scripture in regard to the living man is, that he is a compound being, consisting of spirit, soul, and body (1st Thessalonians, 5th chapter, 23rd verse); that the body is the man (Genesis, 2nd chapter. 7th verse.) The spirit is the animating principle or life-giving agent, and the soul, (qrltfo) is tfm re sult of the actjon of th«tiife givingagent, or anima ting principle ; and w'mn the life giving agent is withdrawn, (.Job XXXIV 14, !">,) man dies ; and he would remain in that condition for ever, if tli'-rc ba no resurrection (I Cor. XV IS.) The Scrip tures also teach the grand doctrine of eternal life for man. '(John III lti), (Rom. VI, 23.) That eternal life has been provided for man through the mediatorial work of the Lord Jesus Christ, (I Tim. II, 5, 0.) He came to procure eternal life for man. That life is offered on certain conditions, principally on the condition of faith in Christ, (Heb. XI, C), fiwV be realised through resumsotlqit lit tl|e casts of all believers wljti lnjve >1 fallen asleep" up to tho timo of the " ooming of the Lord," and through the equivalent—the being "changed in a moment"— in the case of those nolievers found alive at His coming; the raised and changed believers—both alike then, having become immortal—b.^ing caught up together in one company to meet the Lord in the air. So shall they be for ever with the Lord. (I Thes., IV., 14, 17.) " Behold, I show yi.ua mystery; we shall not all sk'CP, but Wo shalfall be changed in ir.oinMit; in the twinkling of an eye, at the last tr'impj for tlin trumpet shall sound, and tho dead shall bo raided incorruptible, and we shall bo chang.sl. For this corruptible must put on incorruption. and this mortal must put on immortality." Then shall bo brought to p iss tho saying that is written, •' Death is swallowed up in victory. Oh ! death when) is thy ating ? Oh ! (rravfi where i> ».l,v vlntoi-v »" EXPECTANS KEMANEN'S. 10th Djcemb -r. 