' LATEST ' T.KLE Q itAMS. From oua own Oh uu hsvovjoknt. [RKuriws' Aoi'soy.] ;!. ; ' ''?'?:?. Aiiauat 1. In tho Honao of Commons i'to-dn'y, thn Hon.AV. H. Smith nnnoiinood mi behalf of tho Government that (hoy intended to .drop thn Iivnd Trnnaf or Bill and bovbniI -6thor minor'ttionsiiros for this snssinn, but woro resolved (o povanwo witli Iho Agri cultural AHotiuouis Billa, and a measure for thn Comnmtiitinn nf litli.q In Iho course of his atatc.monli made in tho Houso ct Loitla to-dny, on tbo New Hebridos Question, Lord Salisbury ux plninad that. tho intention of tlio Frotnli Govornniont had bomi fully direutod by tho British foreign offioo to tlio gruvily ui' tho prcHOtit aituation iu ghosts IslandK, and Unr Majesty's Onvornmont only hoprd that Franco would ourry into prnctiuu t)iu opinions aho hud doolared ou tho Mtbjool, which woro mi'.iroly correct. liYjmcu, how over, dosirod to conduct tho ncpoMaMons rognrdiug tlio Suez Cui'il cunourronily with the diBcimsioa of the1 New Hebrides Question. Tho Britigh : Government hud uo objections to auoli a 'enure*', hut d« tnuirod to either ; negotiation OAiisitif; any del.iy in tho^otUouient of the oiher ques tion. Lord Salisbury furl her stated that only one message ,hnd been received from the Pronoh Foreign offioos on: tho subjcot sinco tho 2nd Mny, and that wus of nu iu dofiuito ohiiraotor. only . ?.'-'?-U,1.:).; ??- Auguat 3. . Tho Irish Land Bill pa-isoj through Committeo iu the Houso of Coinmona to-dtiy. ,,.'., ,'j,; A ldtler signed by throe hundred mem bers of tho House of Commons hus been presontod to Lord Snliubnry in favor of the uiloption of tho Oaiindimi Pacilio lino as tm ftltornativo mail route to China, Australia mid Bombay.'.- . Tlio latust'iiuws'froui'Afithdhiiitau sttitci thnv the Anmcr's troops huvo boon obliged to full buck on Kholat Ghilz»i. In the Hmiae ofcLprds last tiiRht, Lord Salisbury, iu roply to a quusliou, stated that Germany, Spaiu, and Belgium had aBSOutod, on certain condition?, to tho proposal of tho Bvitiih Govornment, that a oouforenco of Powers intorvsied should be hold for tho discussion of tho sugar boumieH.^ The asBont'of JTranco waB how ever, uncertuin. ' ''' '' '' Fallnwing on the Jubilee Naval Review at Spithead, a SBries of naval evolutions wero commeiiood to-dny. An attacking aqundron undor Ihc command of Admiral Frtninaiiilu un]'iiu'.ed Faluiuiith and after wnnlti »»ilod in tho diieo.tion of Dovor, ?«liich is biiiiijj dofnndod by Admiral Hewitt. Another squadron iB attacking Liverpool. i iii '?' -/? '-]') ?' ' '' '??-?? -?.Aug.uet 4. ' It, is anhomicea that the Royal Commis sion in comifction with tho Melbourne Exhibition consists of (he following mem boia : — U.I.I.H. tbo Piinco of Wales (fiietilent)i Lord ltcseU'i-ry (vico-presidont and Ciiaiiuifiii), Lords Hartiiigtou, Ousloiv, Grauvillc, Kiiuborly, Duu/iivcii^Bra^Bey, Armstrong, Cameron, Sir llonrv llolland, thu Itiylit limiorabiu H. E. Ohildors, Sir John lliisi-, Sir Hoijiiiuld llanswii (Lord Miiyor of London), ISir Char'ua Tuiuiiiiii, Sir Fredorick Lcighton, Sir Andrew Clnrke, Sir Graham Hurry, Professor tiudoy, «Sir Jrtinos Lintou, and Messrs. Win. Dyur uud Win. Agutnv. The nuvul uvolu ions wete continuor] yc-utordiiy, when iho iroucUids which Uiteatfued Liverpool wero c-i}-turefl off HolyhyaJ by a portiou nfthodefonca forced,' nfter an engagement lasting twenty-one hours. Zobiihr Pasha, the notorious u'nvo dealer who 1ms been detained by t'to British Government sit Git raltor siwio 1885, has been released after signing a guarantee for fuiuie good biihaviour. Lutvr. ? Tho directors of tha bank ot Eng''iid: huvd raised tho rale of discount to 3 per oen». Tho Homa sailrd nn Wednesday, Ten llimis.ind ndibtionul troops tuve boon onl'.ri.d to AInssnwon. The Biilimba left Bu.!avia on Thursday, out word bound. . '?'??? Tho niival iniiuosuvms werp coatinuof) to-ua}, whoa Admiral Froumautlo oludiug i ho vigilnno'i of tho Bqnudroa under Admii-ii! Hu'A'itt, sucoeedud in capturing tho ontiiu Oi) 'o tho Tli'unus, and Medway, ; During tlio pruimns r.f tho ongivgomont ' t.ibt ovoniug oil' tiio Diiwii-', two Nordonfolt 4iiii8 bursl aboard tho warships Curlew mid ' Biack Pnncr, injuring a. number of sjanun iu laeti case. 