<ffa%lix gntelligma, VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. HOLIDAY OF OBLIGATION. Thursday next, 9th June, being the feast of the Ascension, will be a holiday of obligation. SOr.DALITT OF THE B.V.1T. At St. Patrick's College, on Friday evening, 27th May, the Rev. J. H. O'Connell addressed the members of this society. The attendance was very large, and among those present was the Bev. J. Ryan, S.J. Fr. O'Connell's discourse was much appreciated being applicable to the condition and circumstances of most of the members, and the reverend gentleman subsequently received numerous grateful acknowledgments to that effect. A RETUENED PEIEST. The Rev. P. Moran recently returned to the colony by the Liguria, after an absence of twelve months from the colony. The rev. gentleman's health is, we are glad to hear, much improved by the respite he has had from active duty. While in Ireland he was for a few days the guest of the Most. Rev. Dr. Carr, at Murrogh House, which is a splendid mansion on Galway Bay, about two miles from the city; and it • may be presumed that his Grace made particular inquiries with regard to Catholic affairs in the archdiocese of Melbourne, and that be received much information of no small interest to him. Fr. Moran says that the Irish tenantry and peasantry are in poor circumstances; bad seasons, low priccs, and evictions being the cause. Ho was particularly struck by the intelligence of even the humblest classes, the change wrought in latter times by the wider diffusion of education being very remarkable to a returned son of the soil who had long been an exile from it. The people universally take a deep interest in political affairs, and keenly study and clearly, comprehend them in all their bearings. In a political movement they could not now be blindly led, and mere numbers do not now, as formerly, constitute the (only force or influence with which their opponents have to reckon. In former times their natural intelligence did not protect them from the efforts made to divide them; education was needed, and with the extension of it, they have become thoroughly united on the national question. Bishops, priests, and people, all alike, repose the utmost confidence in the Irish National League. BECEPTION OF THE AECHBI8HOP. For some weeks past the Cathedral choir, under the conductor, Mr. W. R. Furlong, have been rehearsing suitable music for this occasion. While waiting for his G-race'8 arrival at the church an orchestra that Has been specially organised for the occasion will render a symphony. Immediately on the arrivalof Dr. Carr and the procession, Romberg's " Te Deum " will be rendered for the first time in the colony, with full orchestral accompaniment. Next some beautiful voluntaries will be given, and as the people are leaving the church the " Hallelujah " chorus will be sung, with Signora Coy, Miss O'Hanlon, Signor Coy, and Mr. W. B. Furlong as principals. Mr. Charles Sykes and Mr. Harley will preside alternately at the organ. CHOIB CHANGES. To-morrow (Sunday) Mr. Charles Sykes will take the position of organist at the Cathedral. The choir will render Haydn's No. 3 Mass, and for an offertory Wetzel's In Nomine Jesu. Mr. Harley, who has been organist at the Cathedral for the past fifteen months, takes Mr. Sykes' place at South Melbourne. At St. Georgfe's Church, Carlton, there is also a change in the-choir. Signor Zerbini has been engaged as organist, and will preside for the first time to-morrow. THE BULII DISASTER FUND. As the result of the collections made in aid of < this Fond, in St. George's Church, Carlton, tlie Rev. J. H. O'Connell has forwarded to the treasurer a cheque for £21 19s. 3d. The preacher on the occasion was the Veiy Rev. Dr. M'Gillicuddy. THE KEILOB MISSION. The pastors of the Mission—the B.ev« D. Nelan and the Bev. G. Byrnes-have changed their residence from BLeilor to Essendon, as the greater part of their parishioners reside nearer the latter place. (From our own Correspondent.) All the cTriiareir of a suitable agei'jt&i; tending the sohools, are being instfcncted idr the reception of theur finf Obia^ muniim, whioh is to' take plw^ on approaching Feast of Corpus Ghristi at the eight o'clock Mass. It is probable that the Bishop of Hong Kong, Dr. Eamondi, will soon pay a visit to St. Mary's. His Lordship preached in the Colac Church on Sunday last, when a collection, amounting to nearly £36, was made on behalf of the Chinese mission. The half-yearly reception in connection with the Convent Association of Children of Mary was held on Sunday afternoon last. The Very Bev. Fr. Sturzo, S.J., presided, nnd gave an instructive discourse upon the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the. Apostles on Whit- Sunday. The ladies received into the Sodality were Miss Hassett as a Child of Mary, and Misses E. Kelly, X. Curtayne, M. Thornton, M. M'Namara, K. O'Connor, M. Delaney, M. Sutton, A. Hassett, M. Marion, H. Nulty, who received the Aspirants' ribbon. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament concluded the pleasing ceremony. 