m»nuri ~— W A (FROM nn» Z , ' T h P \ ™ 0 V ™ C °RBESPONDENT.) held J ne , eeting of ^ fire brigade Was JrVem^ ^ ° f Arts on Monday^vS W o n V e ^ n u K ^ S ^ were confirmed. On the motion of Mr. A. Ritchie the following motion was agreed to :— " Any active member not attending at least two practices in each week shall not be entitled to a free pass to the Melbourne Jubilee Demonstration." E. Brown was elected an active member, Mid 0. Riedle, J. Clintoii, A. Chenhall, F. Johnson, and C. Siedland were proposed. A committee, consisting of Messrs. D. Young, J. H. Martin, and the secretary, was appointed to confer with Mr. Carne in reference to the title of the brigade to their allotment of ground. The secretary was instructed, on the motion of Captain .Ritchie, to write to the Melbourne Demonstration Committee to ascertain if 60ft. or 100ft. lengths of hose were to be used in the four-men's event. The black list for the half-year was promised at next meeting. The annual meeting was then held. The following report was read and adopted :— "In presenting their annnal report and balancesheet, yonr committee feel it their first duty to congratulate you upon the present encouraging- prospects of the brigade. Elected at a time when the accumulated Habilltiei of the preceding five years threatened the disruption of the brigade, your committee's labours were mainly directed to reducing the steadily Increasing burden of debt. Acting on the suggestion of Mr. J. P. Buggy, the secretary, wbOBe constant efforts must be gratefully acknowledged, a Gipsy Encampment was held, the return from which lett us with a surplus of over £139. Current expenses nave reduced this amount to £64, which at present stands to your credit at the Bank of Australasia. "Daring tbe paBC year the plant has received a much needed overhanl. The engine and ladders have been repaired, and the shed placed under the snpervlBlon of a station-keeper, who reports that everything 1B now in readiness lor Immediate use. '•The brigade was only represented at one demon stration (Sandhurst) during the year, but on that oc casion the teams succeeded in keeping up the high re putationofthe Corowa brigade. In the Eight-men's Engine Practice they secured first place, and were laced second In the Four-menV. In addition to these Sonors, tbe brigade tied with Benalla for tbe best average. It has been agreed to run off the tic at the approaching Melbourne demonstration, fer which teams are now actively practising. "And here your committee would call attention. With regret, to the scanty attendance on practice nights, feeling, an they do. convinced that success Is only to be assured by steady and continuous practice. "Two alarmB of fire have taken place during the year, neither, fortunately, of a serious character. On both occasions the firemen mustered in lorce and with highly creditable speed, thus keeping up their reputations of being 'Always Beady.' tbe motto adopted at the foundation of the brigade. " Since May last tbe brigade has been deprived of the valuable services of Captain P. K. Ritchie, with whom it has since its inauguration been closely identified, he having been compelled by pressure of private business to hand in his resignation. Since then Mr. Ritchie, in response to a numerously-expressed request, has consented to re-take office—a decision on which your committee beg to offer their congratulations. " In conclusion, your committee beg to resign their trust, and to express their thanks for the pleasant manner in which their efforts have been seconded by the officers and members of the brigade. " D. YOUNG, Treasurer." On the motion of Mr. J, Thomson it was decided to place £50 at interest for 12 months. The secretary was authorised to procure two pairs of new couplings, three turns to the inch. The election of officers for ensuing year was then proceeded with, the following being duly chosen :—Captain, Mr. P. K. Ritchie; engineofficer, Mr. T Perrin; apparatus-officer, Mr. C, Wright (after a close contest with Mr. J. Nugent) ; secretary, Mr. A. Wilson; treasurer, Mr. D. Young; committee, Messrs. A. Ritchie and J. Thomson. Captain Ritchie returned thanks for his election, and urged members to attend practices regularly. The meeting then terminated. The races at Burrajaa this year promise to be very successful, A meeting of supporters was held at Mrs. Darby's Burraja Hotel on Saturday, when a programme was drafted. Mrs, Darby liberally headed a list of donations towards the fund with £5 6s., and having canvassed Corowa and the district she received a satisfactory amount from those partial to the sport. Each year this meeting increases in importance, both in regard to prize-money and the general interest aroused. Some brave (I) individual has been canning on ghost pranks at Mr. Anthony Dunn's farm, near Wahgunyah, and frightening the females about the place very much, one of them being now afraid to live at home. Night-watchmen well armed, it is anticipated, will deter the man in sheets from putting in an appearance again. A boy named Thomas Kirkup, residing at Burraja, sustained a fracture of the thigh and some severe bruises, through being knocked down while putting a horse in a dray, one wheel of which passed over him. The general annnal meeting of subscribers to the School of Arts was held on Tuesday evening. There were 11 present, Mr. J. C. Leslie in the chair. The minutes of tbe preceding annual meeting were duly confirmed. The balance-sheet for the past year, audited by Messrs. R. Reynolds and S. J. Chenhall, was then read, and adopted on the motion of Mr. C. Johnson. The principal items of receipts were '•—Donations, £23 103.: subscriptions, £45 10s.; hall and entertainments £89; subsidy, £30. Under the heading of expenditure were shown :—Salaries and allowances, £60 10s.; contract for fencing, £60; printing and advertising, £11 17s. 6d.; Alpha gas machine and fittings, £53 17s, 3d.; lighting, £26 19s. 4d.; magazines and newspapers, £16 16s.; books, £28 7s. 9d.; fire wool and sundries, £7 8s. lOd. The annual report read as follows :— " Gentlemen.—We, yonr committee for the year 1886. have much pleasure in submitting tbe honorary treasurer's statement of accounts for the past year During our term of office the Institute has been greatly improved. A substantial fence has been erected, together with necessary outbuildings. The body ot the hall and the stage have been lit by Alpha gas, but tbe gas has not yet been extended to the reading-room. The library has been increased by 116 volumes, and now numbers o«er 1000 workB. The receipts for the year, together with the credit-balance from 1885, amounted to £291 8s. 7d^ and the expenditure has been £268 Is. 2d., leaving a credit-balance of £23 5s. 5d.. which, In view of the amount that has been expended in improvements, your committee regard as highly satisfactory. There is also an amount ot £1912s. 9d., the result ofthe entertainment on New Year's night, making the present credit-balance in the bank £43 18s. 2d. We would desire to heartily thank the proprietors of the various newspapers who hive supplied copies to tbe Institute free of charge. Tour committee take the opportunity of expressing their approval of the manner in which the caretaker. Miss Gardiner, had fulfilled ber duties. " For the Committee." It was received, on the motion of Mr. 8. J. Chenhall. An application from the secretary of the Border Brass Band for a refund of the money paid for use of hall on Boxing Night was, on the motion of Mr. J. W. Roxburgh, referred to the incoming committee. The election of office-bearers for the ensuing year was then proceeded with. Mr. J. Simpson was elected president. Messrs, J. G. Gray and EL Hay, vice-presidents, Mr. J. W, Roxburgh treasurer, Mr. P. H. Bray secretary; Messrs. A. Haig, S. J. Chenhall, P, K. Ritchie, D. Symmons, and T. Cams, committee. Mr. H. P. Bray was accorded a hearty vote of thanks for past services, as were also the retiring committee. The meeting then adjourned. " For the committee, "A. WILSON. Secretary. "ALEX. HAIG. Chairman, 