 LOCAL AND GENERAL. LAND NATIONALISM. -- We h'IV« received the Christmas number of Mr, John Farrell's paper, The Enterqrise, published by the génial poe«at Lithgow'; íiir whMiilmt gentle- j ^*)¡f;hM;ó^ :.fldd<» to Thii is ceo3.îand averiar» itleieed to know ' that the 'ine«crííe," »««omé «four monopo lists sre plesBed to^aU itj has so able an ex. ponent a* ¿oho Fèrrelî*-r*h£/we notice, hw been ''¿jeuing on'* toiidmè of hi» protec tionist brethren, and tb/y don't like it-not a bit. This is what Mr. Farrell says :.-" AU the ablest protecdodhts in the colony, ns well ns all the ablest free-traders, are Lind Nationaliste, and ibe Star know« it. To ' dodge anil palter, end ute the weapons of an old Bailey lawyer in such a manner a» this is vile, end stamps the Star as nothing more than a party organ. To the devil with such journalism." And so say we, (rom «ur soul we do. In reply, the Lithgow correspondent of a Goulburn protectionist paper pens this bit of infantile slobber : -'. Mr.- Editor, we are full of the land butines*. Wherever you go you hear of nothing but Lind Nationali sation. The parsons are getting interested. The school children are yelling it with all their might. Editors and devils vie with each'other in their endeavour to make the loudest noise. It is real'y getting ns bad as Mark Twain's ' pink strip slip for a six cent fare,' and «viiI doubtless send as many people onto the verge of lunaoy. It is belter to go mad in a good cause than a bad one, and no doubt it is a more healthy pastime arguing Land Nationalisation than Free-trade and Protection with such wind-bags of homhas Hcity as thc Unwning-tiaynes party." Just BO, and we detect tile cloven hoof of the 1 writer of that par. He Can bet his boots, anyhow, that muoh more will be heard about Lind Nationalisation ; ;t will bc in every body's mouth, aa it is in America. The j parsons there are tabina it up manfully, and the other day Dr. McGiynn, the mad priest as the monopolists c ill him, addressed a hill fuU of methodist parsons, and he went down immensely with all of them until he craftily I slid from the " brotherhood of man" business into the land fad-and then there was hell's delight among the white chokers, for lots of 'em, no doubt, o «ned building lots, and bad long ag» forgotten that the " earth was the L-ird's," Anyhow, the protectionists may pawn their existence upon the issue that when their fad ts played out ; when the working classes shall see the meanness and selfishness which moves tho manufacturers, and shall leave them to stand ia their own filth, Land Nationalisation will be the fad of the whole civilised world, and Henry George, Ur. McGIynn, and the Rev. H. Ó. Penteoost will be the trinity of the new religion- the re ligion of humanity. We aie glad to see, also, that smart little socialistic paper, tho Radical, giving the monopolists a dig in this wise : -" It is pleasing to see that Farrell, as a land nationalist, is able to weigh up some of the political adventurers, who desire to hang on to the skirts of those who are ad vooating the new and popular doctrine. Lind Nationalists cannot otford to waste time over side issues like Protection and Free-trade., They mast push on and over take the Socialist." We see that a " Land ? owner" has been writing, to the Enterprise on " What is this disease that is coming upon us T" and ie good enough to call the " Anti poverty S iciety," just started in America, " Henry George'6 Lunatics." Of course we are lunatics ; Jesus Christ was a lunatic, and so must have boen God Almigh'y when he called the earth His own. Says this flippant philosopher, .* Capital gives employment to labour,'' and " it requires a rich man to set a puor mau to work." Not at alt. ' Leave lo the poor man bis own-his share in God's earth, which the rich m.m has taken from him hy fraud or force, and there will be no poor man. Besides, who made the rich man rich f The labour of the poor man in cultivating his land for the benefit oí a maw custom compels bim to call master. When the opponents of He iry George are capable of reasoning and seeing things squarely with open eyes, they may venture into the field of controversy, but not before. At any rate, windy orators may howl and blow about their Protection and rights of private property, but wo are so obtuse that we cannot see how a protectionist can make his creed of monopoly and se fish ness fit in with the grand scheme of Henry George's-which seeks to break up "mo nopoly. A monopoly in trade or manufac ture is as bad as a monopoly tn land. George siys, let us all enjoy the land, and not merely a few. ; protectionists say, let us get from 05 to 75 per cent, in advmcc of the Euglish piice for locomotive engines, and we doVt care a damn tor the working man, land lunatics, democracy, politic.il purity, the Boy Politician, or any other man. That's ail we can see in Protection, anyway. CIIKISIMAS HOLIDAYS.-" It never rains bat it pours" is rather a long drawn proverb, and often inapplicable; but on Christmas Day and on Monday it really held good-es pecially the latter-the day when the large m-ijority of the people were bent upon enjoy ing themselves out-doors iii true Australian fashion. But it was not lo be, for physical causes so opera'ed that each one had to swallow his own chagrin as best he could in short, to grin and bear it. No doubt great loss to many persons attended this un kindly stroke ol Nature's ; for mi ny who do not rake in much of the world's goods at ordi nary times, manage to make a small harvest out of the enjoyments of others; when the many go ia for relaxation, the few who are not permanently employed in the ordinary channels of labouf go in for w'ork. Disip puin'rnent must have been great everywhere. Locally, all the young folks were mad, raving, radicals, and hot revolutionists for the lime being ; they were rebels to the ex isting order oí things-and really, if some of the girts had had their way, they would have tried, as a Iriend of ours always wanted to do when in a certain illusory condition-"give me a big crowbar, and something fora ful crum, and I'll capsise the world," he used to say-and he certainly had the will, hswever infinitesimal his strength, So our young folks ; they th night Nature was an old muff, and everything connected with the watering apparatus out of joint ; thc hoses leiked, and I the nnzz'-rB didn't ht-and th; blamed -idiots didn't ink" the twihle lo lo.ifc d.nvn to see the " G/ec-rai (jordon" lying at Maloney'*, ready to take ni« thc pretty giris of Windsor, R'Chmonii, Ulverstone, and all 'he other iQAtiships and wit-ages in the district, down out noble stream to the ''S weet iloutii of the \- ....?iii..,r-iTif)--,Yi;,- v ;;:n j^rnm»} . Ooío." We esn't think that ï*'".-ut» ;. hurd, heartedness on the part of theist old S. Pin» flus; the old fei low had simply gone to sleep , after entiné an ahtmrrad whack of nlum-tluíf and drinking an inordinate quantity of sack Sit honour of hts fellow god, Santa Claus \ and the yoniig god* liad, oat of sheer tn:s. . chief-*má hearing ao muoh abtut " rain bring wanted to make, things. grow,' just fiddled about among the fixings,, »nd ¿own came thersi«. Unfoitnnaiely, tbè old god being an beayilv charged, wat 'moder th« influence of his friends, Bacchus and Sotnnus, iso longi that thc mischief was done before be opened hts eyes to the fad-and really, we believe the old chap ha« been wry sorry ever since, and, provided his Kew YearJibuiont do not affeot him in like manner, he will take care that Monday next shall be held sacred from even a fine rose sprinkle. To be prac tical, Sunday night and Monday was enough to give even a blue-ribboner the horrare, anf make bim see, instead of celestial fays, docked out in hts favourite colour, ten thousand bl ne I devils in flame tinted streamers. When Monday morning broke there was not a ray ot hope. Pitter-patter fell the big drops of rain ; and slap-d ish through the puddles in the street went Ryan's horses to and from the train-and straight home went the lively Paddy instead of taking 'bus loads of humanity to.Melloney's. People ate their breakfasts in silence-too full to speak with out using unscriptutal phrases ; and then, for the rest of the day, there was more steady novel reading than there had been for nnv day these last six months. The " General'1 lay placidly at her moorings--not even at tempting to get up steam ; and not a single person from town went down to bid Captain Murray the time o'day. At 6.30 we were told by telegraph that " the river had risen at Penrith some six feet and was still rising ;" it rose slowly here all day Tuesday, and by Wednesday morning waa up to the flo r of tho bridge. The weather had meanwhile cleared, but was still showery 5 but lhere was ' no further apprehension of a freshet, as ? by noon the water had not surmounted the floor. Everybody was hoping that it would continue at that height in order that the " General Gordon" might come up to the wharf for her passen gers on Monday. No doubt the rain ima done good here, but wc cannot be oblivious of the fact that farmers in other parts, where th -'.V grow wheat, have been having a repetition of last year's losses. True is the saying, " It's an ill wind thnt blows nobody anv good." THE STAR OP BETHLEHEM.- Noticing in a religious paper last weeks lot of tarradiddle about this wonderful supernatural apparition, we take the liberty of reprinting a portion of a letter which appeared in the S. M. Herald last month, from the pen of Mr. John Teb- butt, F.R.A.S., of the Peninsula, which we hope, will have the effect of relieving the noddles of those stupid miracle-mongers, who are only too ready to play upon the suscep- tibility of the gullible. " Your Paris cor- respondent, Stella," in a communication published in to-day's Herald, treats us once more to the absurdity which has so often ap- peared in the public papers. "Stella" has, however, given us a new, though not im- proved, edition of the old absurdity, by telling us that which has been for a long time pre- dicted has now actually come to pass. The Star of Bethlehem is now, it appears, attract- ing the attention of astronomers in the Nor- thern hemisphere. In the first place, I am sure that no astronomer worthy of the title would jeopardise his reputation by predicting the re-appearance of the star in question, and that for the simple reason that there is no notice in the archives of astronomy of such a star having appeared, still less of any obser - vations having been taken of it as a founda- tion for such a prediction. The Star of Beth- lehem, there is good reason to believe, is one of those astrological myths which in olden times almost always accompanied the advent or departure of some great and noble genius. The magnificent star which appeared in the constellation Cassiopeia in 1572-4 was well observed by Tycho Brahe; and some astron- omers, by comparing his observations with other but doubtful records of similar appear- ances near thc same constellation in 915 and 1264, conjectured that this star might reap- pear about the present time. The position of the star of 1572-4 has been carefully de- termined from the original records, and is under occasional inspection by astronomers devoted to that branch of astronomy which relates to variable stars. The star of 1572-4 is stated by some astrological genius, pro- bably originally by Cadamus, the contem- porary of Tycho Brahe, to be identical with that which is said to have guided the Wise Men from the East to Bethlehem, How Tycho Brahe's star, a fixed one in the con- stellation referred to, and culminating in its apparent diurnal path over a spot in Central European Russia, can be regarded as having moved in the supernatural orbit assigned by the evangelist Matthew, and as having finally taken up a position over the town of Bethle- hem, is certainly beyond the science of as- tronomy to explain. The fact is the identity is purely a subjective one, and can exist only in the confused noddle of some modern astrologer." HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.-- Weakening weather. -The sultry summer days strain the nerves of the leeble and decrepit, and disease may eventuate unless some restorative, such as these purifying Pills, be found to correct the disords/ífig tendency. Holloway's medicine gives potency to the nervous system, which is thc source of all vital movements, and pre- sides over every action which maintains the growth and well-being of the body. No one can over estimate the necessity of keeping the nerves well strung, or the ease with which these Pills accomplish that end. They are the most unfailing antidotes to indigestion, irregular circulation, palpitation, sick head ache, and costiveness, and have therefore attained the largest sale and highest repu- talion. "FOR THE BLOOD IS THE LIFE.'-CLARKE" WOULD-FAJiLD BLOOD MlXl'UKE is warranted to cleanse the blood from ali impurities from what | ever cause arising. For eicrof ula, Scurvy, Skin äiii Blood.Diseases, and sores of all kinds, its ofTucts are marvellous. Tlionsands of testimonials. Sold iii bottles, 2s DJ and Its each by Chemists and Patent Medicine Vaudors everywhere. Sole Proprietors, THE LINCOLN (AND Mto'uKo COUNTIES DÜL'O CO., Lincoln, Lngland. TOSVLE'S PESNÏ7IOVAL AND STEEL PILLS FOR FbMALlîiiiuickLy correct all irregularities, an ! reJieve tlicd;stressiJ!!î svmptoms so prevalent I with the sex. Boxen Ul»lau.l 2s '.U.ol alKJhemiats. Prepared onie by T. Towle, Chemist, Kotting h.iui. England. Wholesale ot nil the Wnolcsflj* houses. Beware of Imitatiías. SHAIX Debts Court, Windsor, on the lilt) Jfitionry. DISTBICT dornt ion tho 1st February. Summonses, beyond 10 mi.'es, to be in the bands oí thc bailiffby the loth January ; under 10 miles, on the J Otb January. LIÇENSIHO Guutt will be held on the 9 tb January. WE are informed that it is tit* the intention of the Minister for Justice to interfere with the saLsry of the Bailiff of the District Court, Windsor. Some time ago it wa» conten plated to discontinue salaries to bailiffs, »nd allow them mileage only .; whether this has keen carried ont in any instance, we are not aware, but we do know that in Mr. Smith's case (he old order ot things still obtains. BITER EXCUE6IO«S-Despite the un propitious Hesther, the H.R.S.N. Company's s.s. " Hawkesbury*' want for a trip down to Peat's Ferry and back to Sackville Wharf on Monday, though with but few passengers. Oe Tuesday she went to Newport with about forty passengers on board, and returned on Wednesday, have made a very pleasant trip of it. The company intends running to New port or Gosford on or about the 10th January; and as this ia the annual trip, no doubt there will bc a big crowd on board. On Monday, as will be seen hy onr advertising columns, the " Genetal Gorden" will run all the way to Wiseman'« rind back-leaving and return . inp to the wharf, if the river ' continues in fresh. On Tuesday, Captain Murray will take passengers to Peat's Ferry, from which they will be able to return home by rail the same evening. The fares on both day« are reasonable, and considering both the public disappointment and Captain Mnrray's loss on account of the bad weather on Monday last, we trust there will be a big booming crowd on both days. The boat is now well known, and both Captain Finlayson, the master, and Mr. Crome, the steward, are just the men ta make their passengers comfort able. Even though the weather should prove showery, it, should make but tittle difference to passengers, should the boat start from the bridge, SB getting on board »ill be attended with a minimum of discomfort. TUB result of the recent election of a member for Central Cumberland has been rather discouraging to the protectionists, #ho seemod pretty sanguine about Mr. Bull's return-which, however, wasn't to be, for Mr. McCulloch headed him by 345 the numbers being, McCulloch "1667, Bull 1S22. We are not admirers of Mr. McCul loch, but, under the circumstances, are bj no means sorry he is returned, for in thc matter of Free-trade he was very straight, Now, if so indifferent a politician as ' Mr. McCulloch can command the votes of thc " majority in such a pronounced protectionist electorate as Central Cumberland, is ii likely that any protectionist would have the the ghost of a chance against a popubn and abler freetrader ? Protection ia weaker that even its opponent's supposed lt to be. It it tall wind and smoke. WE regret to hear that the floods, it various parts of the colony are doing so muol damage. Down the river, al Webb's Creel and on the McDonald, much maize has beet destroyed. The water. has been rising ant felling since Wednesday, and is now, as wt write (Friday noon), close upon two fee over the bridge. FANCY, Ur. Gladstone being tmow ballei at Dover the other, dav, when on hrs wa; to Italy. The Eight Honourable gentleman entered his 79th year on Thursday last having been bora when Napoleon Buona Earle was at the very summit of fame. B as for ovor 50 years been foremost in th rank of political parties, and when w hear of the snow-balling episode (by Tor, roughs, presumedly) one cannot but fat both pain and disgust-in fact, unmili gated contempt for the unmanly curs wh polluted the pure white snow for such vile purpose. THE Nation cnn be funny sometimes j thi is what we saw in its last issue-" A drunke man had his arm taken off on Saturda night last, and did not know it until he wa afterwards told by a companion. This seem funny, but it is not more ridiculous than th case of Mr. Bowman, M.L.A., who, throug a severe cold, lost his voice, and did not dc tect the failing until the end of last sessio when he endeavoured lo say, 'Hear, hear.' The Nation doesn't stop here-it gets quit reckless. Thc next junk ot humour is i this wise-" It is said that there will be tw elections in thc Southern district for membei to represent Goulburn and Argyle nei cession, as one of the present representative is suspected of being of unsound mind, an thc other to bare no mind at all. Mr. Teec is in (he Reception House, and Sir Henr Parkes intends, so it is rumoured, nppointin Mr. Ball to the Upper House. Let us gil hint welcome " He used the shears for many years, * You're next, sir,' was his favour ; He now appears among his peers He is a knowing shaver !" THU* an exchange :-" Sir Henry Parke considers there would be no end of abuse an jobbery if the Government set np ag tri manufacturers of rolling stock. Hum ! Si Henry Parkes ought to be able to cheo any tendency in that direction." He ougb certainly-but would he Î MARKETS.-Maize sold in Sydney, on Thursday, at 3s lOd-the stocks, so the Herald Says, were Victorian, Colonial, and American, which seems funny. Hay- Lue erne, in truss, 2s lld per cwt; oaten bundles, 2s Rd to 3s 2d ; oaton and wheaten bundles, 2s lld. Chaff-Best oaten, in bags, Ss fid to 4s 6d per cw t. Barley-Seed, 3s par bushel. Oats, 2s ld to 2s 2d. Butter Best Illawarra, in keg. 5d to Cd per lb ; roll, Pd ; factoty made, fid to 7d. Eggs, ls 6d per doe. Poultry- l'^wls, 3s to 4s 3d per pair ; ducks, 3« to 4 ; geese, Tb to 9s j tur keys, 7s to )5». THE most ex.cn 'vo cabbage farm in the world is near C";?o«go. lt consists of 100 acres in the " Cal lage District," as 't is called, which comprîtes 2&0Ö acres of rich, heavy anil, especially adapted for cabbage culture, lt requin? ),M4,000 plants to set the 100 ticres, nw'. ; uri'ing these used in re setting, 30,000,OOC tor the whole district under cultivation. Poe hulk of the crop is sent south in box > , a to supply a demand which exists af'er 'he consumption of the Southern crop, wbi.1 . cuing to the climate, cannot be stored 1er i; ure usc. WHEN worn dow i. *nà ready to take your bed, 'American Cr's 1'op Bitters is what you need iff relieve y«u. ¿?e, OyeTEBB.-An Act ¿f Parliament bee been Ïsesedto «boJüb the royalty on oysters., t ba« only two danses, and divested cf legal jargon, simply means that the 3s pet bag royalty shall not, ife future, be charged the lessees. ' . ; AK Act has «ko been {passed to extend the operations of the "Country Towna1 Water and Sewerage Att of 18«0," and to amend fte Ant in other respects. This I« a 'good Measure, and framed to assist the country towns in the matter of water supply and sewerage, by the granting of loans at a low rate of interest- which, has to be paid back, principal and interest, io so many years hy regular annual instalments. SOCIALISM—Mr. W. H. McNamara, the Secretary of the Sydney Socialist League, is warming up Joe Syme considerably in the Radical. Syme attacked Socialism some time ago somewhat roughly, and McNamara replied thereto in Joe's own organ, the Lib erator, but, in publishing, Syme distorted the letter. McNamara replied, but the " Bible- Smasher" hadn't the manliness to insert the young Socialist's screed; there upon he sends it to Mr, Winspear, editor of the Radical, who gives it insertion. The first part has come to hand, and we are thus enabled to see what Mr. McNamara says; and we feel it our duty to say that the first part of the letter is a crusher. It is a well written and carefully considered attack upon the great high priest of Aus- tralian Secularism—who, by the way, is just as much a bigotted dogmatist as many of those he so mercilessly scarifies in the Liberator. Byrne's is opened to both So cialism and Land Nationalisation, and, therefore, Mr. McNamara attacks him, in company with Charles Bradlaugh. We are sorry for this because there is ns much difference between the Member for Nor thampton and Symes as there is between Henry George and the Boy Politician. England has had no abler exponent of the land question, nor Ireland no stauncher friend than Mr. Bradlaugh, and he has re ceived but scant praise from either English Radicals or Irish Home Rulers. Anyhow, we are not ardent admirers of Mr. Joseph Symes, who we have always looked apon as anything hut a Liberal ; and we very much agree with Mr. McNamara when he says to Symes—" Socialists wish to destroy superstition just as much as you do—they recognise what a fatal bar it has been to progress. Only their methods of destroy- ing it are different to yours, although ap proving of some of them. If you do not radically change the social conditions of the masses you may smash the Bible till you are black in the face, without making them truly moral and prosperous." This is good. Nothing can be gained by smashing any body's god, book, or dogma—anyhow, it is not Liberalism ; and if we cannot admit of so much tolerance as will enable a man to worship as he pleases, it were better, or as well, to leave things as they are—for intol erance is as bad under one colour as under another. We wish Mr. McNamara, who, we may mention, is the young man who lectured here some time ago on " Home Rule," every success in his encounter with the Australian Iconoclast. APPOINTMENTS TO THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-A number of appointments to the~Upp6r Chamber have just been made for the purpose of keeping up a quorum, the Herald says ; which means that many of the old gentlemen are too decrepit to attend to their duties, and, therefore, new blood was wanted. Yet, we find no less a person than Sir W. Manning, late Judge of the Supreme, Court, appointed- although his retirement from the bench was on account of old age and weakened powers ; yet, forsooth, he is considered young enough for legislative busi ness. Then we have Messt?. J.ol n Davis, C.M.G., W. J. Trickett, F. T. Humphrey, George Campbell, A. T. Kerr, R. H. D. White, W. Walker, P. L. C. Shepherd, and Drs. Kenwick and Bowker-nil nf them formerly members oftbe Assembly { and besides these, we have Mt. R. E. O'Connor. Most people will want to know what most of these men have done that they should be appointed to this honourable posi tion Î Take away Messrs. Walker and Tric kett-both of whom have fairly earned their spurs in the Lower Chamber-all the rest are but a sorry lot. Hoddle Doddle White we know very well, and a more amiable, good natured nonentity we never met ; and al though the political ability of Mr. O'Connor, a" fourth-rate barrister, is m.known to us, we can well understand why the Political Black smith should receive a bone at the Premier's hands, on account of old acquaintanceship or, should we say, past services rendered! though whether the other appointees will con sider it an honour to sit tn the company of so notorious an underground engineer is quite another question. Anyhow, these appoint ments look very much, as the Herald sug» gests, as if the Government had been in fluenced by party considerations ; as, hitherto, the number of members in the Couuoit have been 60, and these twelve appointments bring the total up to 69-nine more than the nominee Chamber ever yet possessed. WE have received from the author, Mr. John Tebbutt, F.R.A.S., a pamphlet of 74 pages, bearing the title " Hb tory and Des cription, Mr. Tebbutt'! Observatory, Wind sor. New South Wales," published by Jos. Cook Sc Co., Sydney. Nineteen pages are given to the Observatory-its instruments, «nd general remarks on the nobie science of astronomy ; some fourteen pages are devoted to subjects of papers by the author, read be fore the Royal Astronomical Society of Lin don, and published in the monthly notices of the Society ; three pages to publications by the author in journals of various learned societies ; eight pages to contributions to colonial newspapers ; twenty-two pages to scientific and philosophical works in the libiary of the Observatory, presented to the author by learned societies and individuals ; and six pages of other works in the library, of a scientific character. Fronting the tkle page is tn excollent wood-cut, representing the Observatories, tuken from the north-west in August, 1880, which will be recognised at . glance by persons familiar with the original. Of course, in such a pamphlet, there u a mass of technieai matter, which would prove very dry hash indeed to the casual and superficial reader-tint, tn the thoughtful and studious, something to reflect upon-especially when it is cor.siin.rcd the author U not a travelled man, and his name a: i renown less known in j his own country, probably, than in the chief 1 pities cl Eutope aud America, j 