MELIIOUIINK. ? _ . . 1' ebruarv 1 3. Tno V.A.T.0. races at Oaulfield on Saturday, wore '.well attended. Tho wmther waa oxceasivoly hot. Tho results wero as follow :— ™SJohM?«RA%-Arioll» Lid-3ington 2,, The Ghost 3. Thirteen starters. Won by half a longth. J & Jj. ?^B°- 5: N-te?» starters. half minute and a Hamdioap Hurdle Race, Honris I, Spartan 2, Encore 3. Won by a nose Tnno, 3 minutes. OniTBKoif Stakes, Albert Loddan 1 Bedouin 2 Willeroi' 3. Seve^sSors! Won by a long naofc. Time, 1J minutes. Second Handkjap Steeplechase, Goodwood 1, Roulette 2, Studley 3 rJZ^lT Won eB8ily- Time« Hawjcsburn Handicap, Britishor 1 King of the West 2, Lesbia 3. Ton starters. Won by threo-quarters of a on3. Tlmo 2 minutoB 29J seconds. The intercolonial crioket match, Victoria veraua South Australia, was continued on S,at.urday- . Tho South Australians con oludod their innings for 170. The Vic torians in their second innings have five wickets down for 188. Owillt? to fcho infnnon 1-inaf nt 4-t.« ? ~n ? . t- ? — --uu *i\ji*v u^ Una wul^LlltiL serious results are entertained regarding the water supply of tho metropolis and suburbs. At Preston the service reservoir is ompty, and groat inoonvonionoo results from the shortness of the supply. Numer ous bush fires aro reported from, various parts of the colony. Late on Friday night a young man named John King was shot at East Mel bourne, by another young man named Henry Lancaster. Both wero members of tho volunteer corps. Lancaster fired Iub rifle point blank at King, who died in a few minutoB from the in jurioB received. ak ia Huppuaeo. mat me oauso ot the murder was jealousy. Since the opening of the Teetulpa diggings several gold swindles have been perpetrated. This week a man named Prior sold to a jeweller a manufactured nuggot that wus deficient 10 carats in quality. Ho was arrested yesterday after noon, just before disposing of similar gold to the English, Sootish, and Chartered Bank. An unpleasant discovery is reported from the Hepburn Estate Leasehold mine. wii im aireugtn oi me results obtained by tho Government Diamond drill in this ground in 1882. the company started operations by sinking a shaft, which has now got down 420 feet, and was bottomed on Saturday. Instead of finding a quartz reef as expected, nothing but a sandstone reef haa beon disclosed. A searching investigation into the matter will be asked for. 