GENERAL EXTRACTS. IffE latest phase of the temperanco raovoment in tho United:States is the. orgnniaation of law and order lont;ues for the purpose of prosedutiiijr drug, gists and others who sell liquor con trary to the laws of the State. IT is (i curious comraeiifnrv upon ^"g.lish journalism that,the xVew York Herald ia taking great credit to itself lor (luritiir to lie decent, inasmuch bb it refused to ciriialnte reports of ; tlie Campbell divorce casi-. Ii nut down the daily telegrams to a few lineB, »nd now makes broad its phyl.iuteiies ac cordingly, ? - AN upwir'3 movement in tho price of fiev.Tiii American ^tewspttjifra is reported. After trying t'he puWishiiig of a" eight-page newupaper at two Bents, BBSeral jouriiuls )>a v« announced that (buy cannot cover expenses, ond revert to the old rate of Sfhpor copy. A VIOLENT shook of earthquake was fell recenlly at.Djamul, a town of5000 inhabitant^ in' the "neighbourhood of Susa. Snvernl deaths occurred, and tnany parsons were injured. - Several booses ware destroyed,ii rid senna others, are. in, a dangerous uouditipp. THERE was removed in America during' the last week of 1886, under peremptory orders from spaoial agents,, the fencing' from 20 inclosuro^, em. bracing: over 274,000 acres of public land, principally in the Denver, Colorado, land district. A yodnq woman named WakemaD, of Ohiaelhuret, while playing with her brother and sister, threw ;a poker at the boy. ? rlt struck her. little sister on the.head and killed bor. The young woman was arrested and discharged. Bmin Bey,- in letters received from bim in July, calculated that his ammu nition would fail by December last, and tbat be coqld hold oat for ,half a year more if not attacked by wild tribes. AT Lostock, near Bolton, consider able alarm has been caused by the re reported nightly appearance of a ghost of a former spinner whioh bannts a spinning mill there. So impressed are the work-people with the truth of the statements made tbat they will only enter the mill collectively. THE United States Senate, in secret session, has passed a resolution request ing President Cleveland to negotiate with the Government, of Nicaragua with a view of the construction of a ship canal across that part of Central Amerioa. Nearly 100 people who partook of pease-padding at'adibn'er near Carlisle have suffered .from, food, poisoning, washing soda having been us6d to soften the oeas. Four are still verv ill. ' J AN Englishwoman namod Lindsay, recently arrested in Paris for'having swindled several Frenchmen hv " the matrimonial hoax," has attempted to commit Buicide by opening- her veins in St. Lazare i prison. She was fonud lying in a pool of, blciod, and.'.was. con veyed to the prison infirmary in a deplorable condition. THE Pall Mall Gazette of.January 13 says :-r-" We are ioundated:]with op. plications for Mr. G. Milner Stephen's address. Relatives of tbe halt, blind, deaf and dumb, and other afflicted' persons Bre rendering the life of our boll porter unbearable/ ' We will 'give no one Mr. Milner Stepheu's address antil a public test" upou approved con ditions has 'satisfied ua that be is not labouring under on extraordinary delusion." The Pall Afull Oazclto says:-A meeting of the Hoyal Commission on the .Education, Acts was held on January! 12, when - Archdeacon Sir Lovelace Starner and Mr. Edward Combes, president of the Institute for Technical Instruction in New South Wales; ;was examined. , . THE British Government have re cently issued a Blue Book on the "Treatment of,Aboriginal Natives in Western Australia." It is said to .be an admirable and most interesting compilation, giving a full history of the native question, BO far.as.it may be gathered from numerous despatches addressed by -tbe Governor to the Secretary of State, containing volu miupas .enclosures relating-.-to t(ie,con dition of tho aborigines of the colony. An old woman wiio occupied a shop in.'Markst.Btreet, jGreenook, jreoentV became so enfeebled that sbe was per suaded by a missionary who visited her to go to the hospital. Before beinc removed she iuaiBted on a tin box which was underneath hur bed, beinu-' taken with her. The tin box was afterwards opened, and; was fouud to be ( full, of gold coins tied np in stockings. ' ;L°"0m!°ckins' nloIle ll?ere was foimd d.00. The total uiuount discovered is | said to amount to £a,300, and it has been lodged in a bank. ANOTHER new shell ouUod the Mitra illeuse, is reported to have been in vented in .Franoe by a mechanical engineer named .Thimon. It shatters the objeots at whiob it is aimed, and continuing' fts; coarse, sends 12 bullets forward, finally exploding and dis oharging J.<X4 bullets. Tite Sal ford' coroner investigated the' doath of a, girl named ; Murphy, three' and a balf years old, who was alleged to have been' heated to death by her mother, the wife of a painter. It was' stuted that the women frequently beat the ohild, and that slie treated it with brutal violeuce. A neighbour wont into the bouse and fouud the child in a' deplorable condition, and it died in her arms, wbile'tbe motbdr lay in bed A surgeon stated that the child; died from recently inflicted injuries, aud tbe iurv returned a. verdict of manslaughter against the mother. THE latest phase of; women's rights in Amerioa is tbe discovery that it is a violation of theMth amendment to the American Conatitaiion to abolish capital punish mout,,for. murder it, the case of women alone. They are en titled to their right o( equality with a man, and they tnust hang like a male otherwise tho ;Conatitutiori( is violaiod' apd at> nujuBt discrimination: in favour of one ojassset op t<?,tfie dfsadranWe of toe other. Dki'UI'ATIO.n'S from the Basque Pro vides of S|min biivo, in a interview wilh tlm Governinont ut. Madrid. urged thnt the ancinnt right* of thq penplu <if «hn.i« provinces l'i .their own iidniini sii-iitinn in municipal... und fiuunuini (nutters Hhould l)» prtmrvmi to tlmiu I bey pointed out that. tlmv had iilwnv* puul their full > v-hare-of llie. Iin|ifnn1 taxation, and that tins Hull .govern mum would lie ilio-'baHt .preventive.of CarliM on Aopnblioao>VTi8ing8it<!i!MiDM|era- an : favourably disposed'towards tlnm pro posal. 1 , J ' i IJADY Cor,in CAMI>ugll ; niiilioriflus u London paper to'Mute ' that there is uo tvutb in tllo statement tlml she intends to beunme,.a ,{professional i vncaliBt.. A newspaper slates that-already tempt ing oUursilmve been mode:.to liar,>nnd. siih Ims them underconsideration. Among the proposals ih one.from tile niauager.of llie Pavilion, Alusio Hull, who seeks to tempt Lady Colin will) a . fobulouH salary;" . - An enterprising plaster cast moulder hBS made small busts of "the First Lady in the Land " (Mrs1. .President Cleveland), aud tliey are extensively no]d about Washington. But now the Government is making likenesses ol the fair mistress of the White House The old and multilated bank noies, when they come baob to the United States Treasury, are ground np into pulp, and this .is moulded into various shapes, and forms. The.latest design is s. miniature bust of Mr?.. Cleveland. It takes;10,000 dollars' worth of .bank notes to make one of -tbe President's wil'o, apd each fi lire , is 'labelled^ "Made from iuutilateH. United.States bank notes worth 10,000 dollars." 