THE SHAKSPEARE SOCIETY The monthly meeting of the Melbourne Shakspeare Society was held in the upper light of the Athenaeum on Friday evening. 'The weather was inclement, but there was a large attendance. In the absence of the president (Professor Morris who, it was explained, was suffering from ill health, Dr. Neild was voted the chair. The Cn imvtVN stated that the society was that night beginning a new departure. Some months ago he called attention to the great desirability of introducing themusicnlelement. 'The suggestion was readily received, but for some time nobody) appeared to be disposed to take the initiative in the movement. At the last meeting of the committee the hon! secretary brought up the subject, and the result was that concerted pieces were to be introduced for the first time that night. He hoped that they would be able to make arrangements for similar meetings periodical!). (Ap- plause Miss If II. Neild then sang " Where the Bee Sucks" ("Tempest ") The Rev GeoituL W Airuus read a paper on "Titania in Society.' He said that, with a sublime audacity the poet brought us sometimes a ghost, sometimes witches, sometimes fairies, and our modern materialist ne cured him of superstition But the poet might have simply used these as channels for his lighter thought, or as symbols of that mysterious hidden power which bubbled up from the heart of nature like a clear spring in the midst of desolation. There were more things in heaven and earth than the philosophy of materialism would follow. The names might be only the offspring of our wayward fancy, but the poet made them appear leaf. It they had left the flowers and grass, it was only to take possession of human hearts, to bring the lightsome joy and the fresh beauty of nature into souls that were sometimes weary with the turmoil and the care of busy, bustling world. 'she innocent revels, the jealousies, the mischievous pranks, the kindly intentions, the loving charges of the fairies were sentiments, or feelings, or passions that swayed and controlled all our mortal spirits. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to treat the fairy queen Titania, and the fairy king Oberon as the emblems of manhood and womanhood respectively). There was a period in the life history of most young men during which the representatives of the opposite sex appeared to him JB fairies-creatures of innocence and beauty. But the discovery must be made some day that even the fairy queen herself might be somewhat fickle, changeable, uncertain Some might say) that T ittmia was giddy and foolish, was fond of dancing, was given to revelry and would probably have gone to Flem ington on Cup Day had she been living here recently In the '1 tania with there. Titania, spent much of her time at the skating rink or at fashionable garden parties, balls, theatres, and other places of amusement. All this was very shocking to thpPuritui, who did not care for such things, and therefore thought them wicket!. But the Puritan was not perfectly innocent himself He (the speaker) imagined Titania was health by and vigorous by reason of her free and happy nature, so the man of the present-day were quite right in taking healthy exercise, in studying how to be beautiful as well as useful, and in cultivating tile aesthetic part of human nature There was a misunderstanding between Oberon and Titania. Titania had strange visions, and became ciiRtuoured of tin 1933 This too frequently was Titania in society Titania and Oberon must finally) adjust their differences. When Shakespeare wrote "The Midsummer Night's Dream " he had, he (Mr. Walters) thought, a mental forecast of the reunion of the true ideal manhood and true idea! womanhood 111 society). Thus the mines had not altogether vanished from the earth HOUS might live sometimes recognise 'mania in secret). Even the mischievous Puck might be somewhere in that room, and angas he H as before, Lord, what fools these mortals be " (Applause ) Messrs. W. Parkinson, 1 furlong, and Exon sang the glee When shall we three meet again !" and were encored. Mr. THANK Scnivtsou rend an interesting paper on "Bottom the Weaver, ' whom he described as being second in rank in the list of -Shakspeare's comic characters Miss II It Neild Bang "Sigh No More, Ladies" (Shakspeare), and name encore gave the song "Blow, Blow, thou Winter Wind" Dr. WILSON read a paper by Mr. James Smith, who was unable to attend on " Shall speare ou Fairies and Dreams " The writer said that 11 belief 111 the unseen, 11 conviction that we were surrounded by intelligences are visible to our material does, but impressing, influencing, and instructing mi, us as much a part of Shakspeare s creed as it was that of Milton's, and of the inspired! writers who gave us the Old and the New Testaments Dealing with a Greek theme 111 the Midsummer Nights Dream,' Shakspeare, who was probably better acquainted with the fairy lore of northern than with the ancient mythology of southern Europe, transferred to Attica the elves and raja of rural England. These, after al!, were closely allied to the Drjudia and llmundr)noes of Hellas, and Prosperous apostrophe to the mines in The "Tempest" might have been spoken to some Athenian Theatre spirit unlimited some of the most beautiful passages in Milton's " Lotnus," tea, for instance, that in which the poet spoke of "the pert tained and the dipper cheap," who tripped upon the "town) sands and shelves." It was fortunate for English literature that the belief in elves and rays, and in the invisible world general!), had not died out in Shakspeare's name, as otherwise we might have had no "Tem pest," no "Midsummer Nights Dream," no "PacryQuoenc',"no shepherd's G'ulenilar," una 110 " Corners." The Biiperhciiil element 111 the " Midsummer Night's stones " constituted one of its duel charms, although unhappily it disappeared to a great extent in the representation The only poem in the English language- comparable with the other portions of the "Midsummer Night's Dream, and worthy to be regarded as a sequel to it, w UH Hood's Plea of the Midsummer Fairies " Shakspeare placed the fairies ill relation to mortals us the bringers of dreams, and he might be regarded as having acquiesced in the doctrine that certain visions of the night did not originate 111 but were 1111 pressed upon the mind of the manner by some external disease) Modern science believed only in what was visible, tangible, and ponderable, but spiritual things could only be tsptriluull) discerned. Messrs. M Parkinson, 1 along, and even then sun.' the glee "O, happy, happy 1 mr " (M. P King), and the proceedings shortly afterwards closed, 