CHURCH OF ENGLAND. It will no doubt be pleasing to many of tbe members of tbe churcb on tbe Macleay to learn bow tbe great Catholic movement is progressing in different parts of tbe world; and with that end in view we clip tbe following from the Church 'Times of 27 tb May last. First we have a Confirmation held by tbe Anglican Bishop of Madagascar, at Bradford, in England. Then a Con firmation held by tbe Bishop of Edin burgh, hi St. Columbas', Edinburgh, Scotland ; and lastly, an account from Prince Edward Island, in Canada : — ENGLAND. St. James's, Bradford. — On Satur day last tbe Bishop of Madagascar held a Confirmation in this churcb, when seventy candidates were presented. The Bishop, vested in bis cope, and wearing a Moreton cap, and preceded by a cross-bearer, followed the choir up the church and took his place before flio olfov A-ff.av f.lio P.vlini'ffiiinn liorl been read, the Bishop put tbe question and said tbe suffrages and prayer. Tbe Yeni Creator was next sung, all kneeling and then tbe candidates came from their seats, six at once, knelt down at tbe chancel step, and were presented one by one to the Bishop, who sat with in tbe altar rail. As each six candi dates left their seats a verse of the Litany of the Holy Ghost was chanted. When all were confirmed a hymn was sung, tbe prayers said, and a blessing given by tbe Bishop ; after which all returned in tbe same order as upon entering, and singing a processional hymn. The candidates left tbe church immediately after tbe choir. The whole service only took one hour, a fact tb be noted by those who urge want of time as an excuse for the wholesale Confirmations usual among us. There was no address, and the candidates had a quiet afternoon under the supervision of the All Saints' Sisters, who have recently come to work in the parish. The Rev. H. Williams acted as the Bishop's chap lain. Just before the Confirmation the Bishop, who had kindly intimated his willingness to do so, proceeded to a dying man and administered to him the holy rite. This he did, vested in albe, rochette, stole, and Moreton cap. He was preceded through the street by a cross-bearer, and the vicar of tbe parish walked immediately before him and the Rev. H. Williams ; both were vested in cassock, surplice, and biretta. It was very observable that not one word of rudeness was spoken by the large crowds who were passed as the Bishop went to and returned from the house of the sick man. It says some thing for the church in Bradford that this could be done by the Bishop openly, and without his receiving any insult. This, and the Confirmation service in church, will be long remem bered by those who were happy enough to witness both. / SCOTLAND. St. Columbas', Edinburgh. — On Sunday evening the Bishop of the diocese held a Confirmation in the church. His lordship was vested in a very costly and ancient cope of cloth of silver, and very handsome mitre, and wore an antique pectoral cross. He carried his pastoral staff in his left hand, and the chaplain followed him. He was preceded by the clergy and choir, with processional cross and banners, the cross-bearer acolytes wearing red cassocks and laced cottas. An Ascenciontide hymn was sung as a processional before and after the service. At the conclusion of Evening Prayer the Bishop took his place at the chancel steps, and addressed a few words to the candidates. As the greater number of them had received Presbyterian baptism the preface was omitted, and all reference to Godparents, the Bishop simply putting to them the three questions relating to the Baptismal Covenant in the same form as in adult baptism, thus getting rid altogether o the puzzling word " confirm " in the secondary signification in which it is unfortunately placed hi the offices for Confirmation. The Veni Creator was sung before the laying on of hands, all kneeling. About 50 received the Sacramental rite. Before the blessing, the hymn, " O Jesu. I have promised, to serve Thee to the End," was sung. The Bishop wore his mitre, and held his pastoral staff during the laying on of hands, and in giving the blessing, as well as in the procession. CANADA. Prince Edward Island. — Some malicious misrepresentations have appeared Concerning the church in Prince Edward Island, Canada, to gether with absurd statements about spread of Ritualism all over the Island, and especially at St. Peter's, Charlotte- town. Among other things it was said that this church was as advanced as St. Albion's, Holborn, and that the choir all wore chasubles. St Peter's, Charlottetown, was opened about 18 years ago, in the midst of a bitter Protestant community ; and through the devoted and untiring energies of the late incumbent, the Rev. George Wright Hodgson, the Church of Eng land has been placed in its proper light before the people. This church holds about 350 persons ; the chancel is separated from the nave by an oak screen. The Eucharistic and vesper lights are on the altar. The cross- hearer acolytes wear girded albs, mis taken by Protestants for chasubles, as they also declare they can smell the incense burning in the seven sanctuary lamps ; four of tbe six points are in use ; a choir school and a girls' school are attached to the church, and there is a guild for boys and another for young women. The Rev. George Hodson entered into rest in July 1885, and for eighteen months the church was without a regular priest, but during that time not a Sunday passed without regular services. Last December the Rev. James Simpson, late assistant- master at Trinity College School, Port Hope, was appointed incumbent, and was duly inducted on Sexuagesima/Sun- day. During Lent the services were well attended, and a devout congre gation was present at tbe Three Hours on Good Friday. The Easter services were very bright, and a larger number communicated than ever before ; after Evensong the procession went round the church and returned to the altar, where a solemn Tc Deum was sung. St. Paul's Church, Charlottetown, is very Low, and evening Communion prevail. There are several parishes at the Western part of the Island, but the Eastern end is without a single priest); two churches are closed entirely, while Cherry Valley, 12 miles fromj Charlottetown, gets a fortnightly serA vice, roads permitting, from the rector- of St. Paul's ; . and Georgetown, 47 miles off, is kept open by a lay-reader, the Incumbent of St. Peter's giving a monthly Celebration on a week day. It is for this part of the Island a travelling missionary is required, if we can raise enough money, but at present we are unable to get sufficient to induce any priest to undertake the charge. 