Beeent Morals. Question. I believe you are a very rapid reader of fiction ? Answer. Certainly. My average rate is three and a half volumes a day. This gives tne plenty of'tide for meals, Bleep, and skipping. Q. Do you skip a great deal ? A. A very great deal. For inBtance, T have skipped about two-thirds of Isa, by the Editor of the North-Eastern Daily Gazette, in spite of it being only in a couple of volnmes, and containing for an introduction the following rather lengthy sentence :—" If the devil were in a laughing mood, what could seem more grimly humorous to him than the vision of a fair young spirit, striving consciously after ethereal perfection, but overweighted unconsciously by the bonds and fetters of buman infirmity and passion, and dragged at last headlong dowD the abj'emal descent to perdition ?" " Abysmal" is good—very good. Q.* Well, and what of the book itself ? A. Chiefly horrors. Nightmare after a pork-chop Bupper, I fancy. Nelly Jocelyn (widow) is a welcome contrast. One of the best things Alise JeaD Middlemas liaR doDe. The character of Paul Cazalet capitally drawn, and foreign local colouring admirable. Q. Wliat do you think of His Own Enemy ? A. Fancy the title, somehow, must refer to the author. Clerical sketches, full of unconscious humor. Two volumes, but very big ones. Quite a relief is a False Start—by Hawley Smart, which is most t-ntertaining. But in this case the name of the author is a safe guarantee for eomethiDg worth reading. Q. What do you think of A Modern Circe ? A. I fancy it is not quite so good as Moll}' Brown, by the same author. Q. What do you know of Molly Brown ? A. Nothing—I have not read it. Q. What have you to say about Scamp ? A. That it is by the Author of The Silent Shadow, which I fancy must be the sequel of another novel ealled The Garrulous Ghost. In the first chapter the heroine Scamp (a young lady) is discovered up a tree, from which coign of vantage she throws 9 yellow-paper-covered novel at the gardener's head. Q. The first chapter then must be vastly eniertaining ? A. Vastly. I am absolutely dying to read the chapters that follow it, and will —some day. Q. What is Brother or Lover about ? A. I don't know—do you ? Q. This is trifling! Pray describe Out of Tune. A. Ought to have been called Ont of Paganini—founded upon that distinguished fiddler's life, although (as the author says) " it is necessarily speculative as to its details." Q. Have you read In the King's Service ? A. Some of it. Fancy it deals with the Peninsular War. Q. How about Jill and Jack ? A. Book I imagine written before the title. Bather hard work to get up the hill which ends with the last chapter. Q. What iB Hidden in my Heart ? A. Seemingly the words which finish the third volume, " It is two years now Bince Habert died, and to-morrow is my second wedding- day." Q. Is this the first novel that the authoress has written ? A. 0 dear no. She has also published Out of Eden, Quite True, and a book which apparently refers to the late-in-life "finishing" of an uneducated ecclesiastic, called the Vicar's Governess. Q. Don't you think you are rather hard upon the novelists ? A. I hope not. I am sure I owe them a deep, deep debt of gratitude. Q. How so ? A. Without them I should be a victim to insomnia.— Punch. THE BETTER WAT.—Not long ago a man, who appeared to be a hardy 6on of toil from the countiy, entered a Grand River Avenue saloon with a box under his arm, and when the bartender moved around to his place and asked him what it was to be, he said : "Say, you've got a dog, haven't you ?" " Yes, sir." " Is he a fighter?" " He is." " Good ! I've got a skunk in this box, and I'll bet you a five he can whip your dog. Just letnme show " "Mister man," interrupted the saloonist with a wave of his hand, " do you ever drink ?" " Well, sometimes." " Have something with me? "Don't care 'f I do." He set up two glasses of beer, and after they were disposed of, he handed ont a cigar and continued, " I suppose you are in a hurry and want to be off. Good day to you." " Yes, rather in a hurry. Good day, old fellow. Sorry you don't want to see my pet, but it's all right—nuff sed." New Zealand deficit £400,000 ; expenditure for current year reduced by £71,000; property tax to be raised to a penny in the £1, and £1,000,000 to be borrowed. Governor's allowances, Ministerial and Parliamentary screws, to be reduced, and. local subsidies cut down by 50 per cent The Maories are to be called upon to pay rates and taxes. 