The Golden Hope. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. I *' I dreamt a di cam that was not aU a dream.''' BY W. CLARIS XK7SSELL Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wbeck op the Gbosvenoe,' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart,'' -fcc. The Right of Translation is Reserved .] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. CHAPTER XX. ] A Fok.'sle Discussion. They had no sooner left the cabin than a head with a rather grimy pale face on it and disordered hair and reddish eyelashes popped out of a spare bunk on the port side, and, after taking a quick glance around, was followed by the body and legs of Johnny, the ' boy.' This youth 'was about 17 years old, stupid, but will ing, and he was useful as one of the ship's comDanv. because thnuph he hardlv knew how to make a long splice he could help to roll up a eail and was a very good ser vant for the cabin, besides being service able as a sort of cook's mate. He had 'all night in' because he was kept at work all day, but feeling tired after break fast and guessing he would not ba missed for a quarter of an hour or so he had sneaked into the spare cabin bunk, that was in reality a hole in the side, such as you see in smacks, with the intention of merely resting his limbs ; but had fallen fast asleep. He was awakened by the en trance of Mr Fortescue and the two men ; when, realising his situation, and the rope's-ending that might follow his detec tion, he lay breathless, listening to all that was said. When the mate left tho cabin, and Hiram entered his berth, Johnny tumbled out of his bunk and went on deck to see after the cabin dinner. The cook was a man named Micky Anson, a fat igoorant person, irritable, like most sea-cooks. His temper aboard the Golden Hope had not been improved by the smallness of the galley, the want of elbow-room, and the wild and lively motion of the schooner during the bad weather, when on one occasion he had been washed out of the caboose by a sea, and when he had been several times Ecilded by capsized saucepans. Whether, but for the cook's temper, Johnny would ever have repeated a word of what he had heard in the cabin, cannot be imagined ; but on being angrily assailed by Anson for ' loafing1' and neglecting to do his ' bit' and the like, the lad said, ' Micky, s'elp me as I stand, I'd have been here if it warn't for a ghost story. I heard it in the cabin. I'd laid down in the spare bunk, an' I fell asleep and was woke up by the old man and the mate and It. ? ? ? ? UnU«T ? 4- Via naronn lio iuts parauii uuuuu ucww , tarned to and giv' 'em a yarn about a ghost. Micky, s'elp me, it wur enough to make a man's hair feel as if it wur stiff with fat. He wur a long time yarnin', and then they cleared out an' aft I come.' So saying he seized hold of some plates that were to be cleaned and began to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pail full of water. 'Ah,' cried the cook, 'of course you Was layin* down. You're always a layin' down. It's gutter- jumpers arter your pattern as are makin' sailors the laughing stock of the world. Good mind to round on ye to the 'ole man,' he exclaimed, opening tho oven door to scowl at a meat pie. 'It's your thick skin what makes you insensible to nautical feelings, and you'll never feel like a seafarin man till that there skin has been thinned by a course of ridin'' down. Ghosts ! If there was e'er a thin^ of the kind in this schooner, damme if I wouldn't be at the cost of making h;'m a present of the sharpest fork on thai shelf there on the nnderstandin' that he haunted ye about with it and kept all on gabbing of you till I told him to stop.' „ ' Micky,' cried the la-\ . 0 waf now red in the face with the exo.^10113 °e wfs putting into his task of tdeaoL^g a^d rub bing, 's'elp me if the part.011 s yarn warn't enough to make me wi»ii -j- jwaa home agin. Why, this woyage 11 1 a woyage at all. We're a-sailin' in search of a ghost ; ye should have heard th-? mate grunt when he was told it, and ih' ole man kep on saying, ' Well, this is a start ! This do beat my time !' and when the parson was gone the skipper askB the mate what he thinks, and the mate he says it must be all true 'cos the parson's too pious to tell a lie.' 'What's all true? What are you a-jawinJ about ? Who's goin' to hear you whilst you makes that bloomin' noise ?' cried the cook, whose curiosity was now excited. 'What's all true? Why, what the parson told the skipper and the mate,' replied Johnny. 4 4 He says there s a female ghost situated on an island in the Hindian Ocean, and this voyage is to fetch her.' The cook flourished a frying pan, whilst Johnny, cowering and dodging behind his uplifted arm, roared out, °S'-Slp me the Lord, it's true, Micky. The giiosft came to the parson and says : ' I'm on the ifeland what Mr Stone's got the calculations of ;? and she writ down a likeness of the island and pretended that ihe parson had done it sod then the parson he sees the drawie' and likewise the ghost a-stretchin' out o? her arms to tlim, and so he makes up his mind to go and fetch her, and here we are a-going !'' The cook looked attentively at the lad, and knowing him to be too much of a fool to be capable of inventing such a story aa this, exclaimed, ' Just pay that over ag«, will yer?' The youth did so. Ye mean to say that the parsofi iold t'le ®aP n and mate that a female ghosv wrote down a likeness of an island, aud imormed him that she was on it, and thai- this voyage was meant to fetoh her ?' said the cook, knitting his brows and looking at Johnny with an expression in his eye that caused the lad to reply with astonishing rapidity, ' Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may I ? ' and he hoped that all sorts of fear physical afflictions would Btnits him. 'Well,' said the cook, beginning to bustle about afresh, but in a rather ab stracted manner, ' if the parson s motive be what you say it is, then this here's a woyage I for one never signed article** for. But aft with yer now ; get the cloth laid,' and he made as if he would lift his foot, on which the youth ran out. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better seamen than they are in these, it must be owned that they were also more ignorant. Not ignorant in the sense of 'laming,' as they termed it, for as many could read and write then as can read and write now ; but in respect of sea superstitions. In our age the prosaic mechanical spirit of tho engine-room has entered the seafaring calling, and in the furnaces of the steamers most of the marine spectres and beliefs have been burned up never to appear again. But in tho age of tho Golden H»pe, Friday was still an unlucky day ; a master would risk his spars to pick up a cat that had fallen overboard ; the Fin, as a native of Russian Finland was termed, was a magi cian in the eyes of many aailora ; an i though the Flying Dutchman war, u ra tioned on the whole with incredu lity, scores of superstitions much mor?. absurd and much less poetical pre vailed in ships' forecastles and 'twaon decks where Jack swung his hammock. The cook having obtained from Johnny a most perverted version of the narrative Mr Fortescue had related to the captain and Stone, very naturally procured its conveyance forward in a manner that was formerly observable in eea-cooks, as thus : — It being the captain's watch on deck, and consequently William Breeches' watch below, for William was in the mate's watch. Breeches comes to the galley for a light for his pipe. ' William.' aavs the cook. ' what was in your head, mate, when you Bigned articles for this here woyage ?' Breeches surveys him leisurely, and answers, ' Seventy bob a month, Micky.' ' Ah,' says the cook, ' that's right enough ; but what was the destination given ye ... ' Why,' says Breeches, leaning in the doorway, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doing, ' a hisland in the Indian Ocean, warnt it ? I've signed on for a good many voyages in my time, but somehow I've never caught myself taking notice of where we're bound to till we gets there.' ' What d'ye say,' says the cook ' ot the parson buying this here schooner to fetch a ghost off the island we're bound ; to.' ' Git out, says iireecnes. | 1 'Well,' says the cook, 'it's Johnny's yarn and here he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version, of course, aud embellishing it with several original touches. ' If it's true, it's blazing queer,' says Breeches. ' Ah,' says the cook, ' and the more you think of it the likelier it is. What does a parson want to sail to a hisland in the Indian Ocean for, that's got no name, eh? Just ask yourself that, William. It ain't for trafficking ; there's no barterin' Thames' ballast, anyways ; no fear of its being for slaving and the likes o' that. Parsons are all very well ; but it's sartin their dealings is with what ye can't see ; and if there's to be anything what may be called Bpeeritooal-like mucked up in this voyage unbeknown to us and not down in the ariicles, I for one shall want to know what the capt'n has to say upon it.' Well, of course, language of this kind ended in making the two fellows look at each other with faces as long as 'a wet hammock,' to use the language of the sea ; and when Breeches had smoked his pipe out and descended into the fore castle, it was not to ' turn in,' but to repeat what he had heard to Martin Goldsmith and Henry Sawyer, who sat on their chests mending their clothes, the remaining man of the watch, Joe Hall, ordinary seaman, being in his bunk and loudly snoring there. It was the custom of the watches to get supper together, and shortly before four bells (six o clock) the men having nmsned the meal were on the forecastle ; for the evening was beautiful, the wind warm, and the sun descending in such splendour that you would have thought youij self in parallels higher than those ot the Shetlauds to have seen the bright flames gushing out of the hazy crimson vortex and the lines of ribbed clouds robed in gold and orange and pink and scarlet, with the sky a mcst delicate dim green between them, and the sea coming with a bright copper glare upon it out of the west and sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the east. There never was a more peaceful picture than the schooner made at that hour. Steeped in the flowing western glory the full bosoms of her canvas were tinged with orange, while in the concavities which faced the east, whence the wind was blowing as though the fevered breath of the African desert were mingled in the freshness and sweet ness it gathered from the ocean in its flight : in those concavities the shadows lay like the blue dusk of evening, thus furnishing an exquisite contrast to an eye so situated as to embrace both the convexities and hollows of the sails. There was nothing in sight the wide waters round. Mr Fortescue and Hiram were drinking tea on deck, Stone was ! below. In the bows were the crew, sit- i ting on the windlass end or leaning against the weather rail, the cook and Johnny in the midst of them, apparently yarning, or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, arguing, when he cast his glance forward, but speaking low with askant looks aft. It wab' the first dogwatch ; and they had the second yet to go through before they settled down to night duty or repose. The whole length of the schooner was between Weeks and his men ? but if this were list enough so to subdue the voices of the crew as to render their words inaudible aft, there was the swinging of canvas aloSfe aa the Golden Hope rolled, the sounds o£ water disturbed and moving over the side., small straining and chafing noises ; audi besides, Captain Hiram conversed with Mr Fortescue, though no reference was made between them to what had passed in the cabin. It was otherwise on the forecastle, whe.re the account tbat had been given to the cook by Johnny was being gravely discusscd. 'Mates,' said Breeches, feeling in his ! trousers pockets for a pipe, ' what seems to me the queerest part of '-.his job is, that if that there Johnny's yarn is true, it's plain that the capt'n and the mate didn't know any more nor us what was the : motive of this woyage.' 'That's what strikes me as the rum miest part, too,' said Tim Duck, a saucy looking, somewhat merry-faced seaman of thirty. ' The parson evidently got to windward of the old man afore sailing, and now we're a fortnight out and the truth's told the skipper don't know what to do ?' ' If he wants adwisin', I'm game for one,' remarked the cook. ' Who says he dunno what to do ? ' asked Martin Goldsmith. ' He don't look much disturbed. I allow his face couldn't be much longer than it is, but if there's any hinward capsizal in a man ye're not going to see him smiling and appear ing heasy like Hiram there, as if he'd got the young woman he's a courting on his knee.' ' Dessay it's mere acting,' said young Joe Hall. 'There's too many skippers knockin' about ashore, bullies, for Hiram to turn to and say he warn't goin' to sail ths schooner to a haunted island.' 'Johnnyr' said Breeches, in a severe voice, ' d'ye mean to say that the parson told the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost on an island in the Indian Ocean, and that we was bound out to fetch it ? Just think. You're more'n half a fool, recollect, and afore you jumps down my throat with a screeching ' yes !' just over haul what mind you've got, and see if you ain't mistook.' (To be Continued.) 