.Brevities. , Some of the folio-wing1 items appeared in our second ' and third editions of yesterday. (Monday's Brevities.) In the Water Police Court, George Derby was sentenced to one month's imprisonment for \ larceny. / A man named Hume, residing in Marrickville, has been committed for trial for stabbing a man named Barker. Hume alleges considerable pro vocation. The Divorce Court case of Comer v. Comer promises a fund of amusement for the Judge and Joseph Holden, 63. a carter (English), was charged, in the Newtown Police Court, -with having removed real property belonging to Wil liam Waiters, by removing soil from land at the corner of Bucknell-street, to the extent of £20. Fined 20s or twenty-one days. The 'case, of 'Proudfooi v. Proctor, an applica tion for a new trial, occupied the attention of the Supreme .Court. In the case of Smith v. Nerney, the judge has upset the .-will, and declared that Nerney died intestate. Two policemen have been stabbed in the Lon don riots. Terrible scenes in London. The London police and the Gnards combined, ?with bayonets and baton, to quash the unem ployed agitation. The foundation stone o£ Mr. M. Simmons' New York and Brooklyn Tobacco Factory, situated near the junction of Elizabeth and Cleveland streets, has been laid by the Hon. John Sutherland, Minister of Works. Glass rising, weather subsiding. \- The case of Broughton. v. Chappell and another, at the Jury Court, was adjourned, i . William Bobinson, who was charged at the Quarter Sessions with attempting to choke Edward Pierce, with intent to -rob him, was found guilty, and remanded for sentence. William Hammond, the rr_an -who attempted to commit suicide at the Glebe, Newcastle, on Sun day, has been committed for triaL Bishop Barry lias held a confirmation service in 'Newcastle. the ghost of a departed ped beats all the real live peds in the Wickham district. The match between, Yernon's team of English cricketers and twenty-two of Castlemaine dis trict has commenced. Yernon's team of English cricketers will play ? Ballarat at the end of this week. They will t-lay in Sydney on the 25th instant ; Melbourne on December 10, against eighteen juniors : Adelaide, at Christmas time: Melbourne, on New Tear's Day ; and they will play in Queensland in the middle of January. The inq/aest on the body of the roan William Beech am, who was killed by a tram at Newcastle on Saturday, was commenced, and adjourned till Wednesday. The 7AIaxine Board have acquitted Captain FreS. Oooper of all blame in, the matter of the foundering of the schooner Ada and Ethel off Port f jtephens. B.JJLS. Carthage, from London ; for Sydney, arrr? ed at Albany this morning. '? A uugget of gold weig-hi ng 32oz was unearthed atev? weeks ago at Clarke's Creek, sixteen miles from. Mudgee, by a man named Dttvalie. The Prospecting Board have visited a number of mines in the Mudgee district, and have signi fied their intention of visiting Denisontown, where the new find of srold. and silver ' has recently caused so much excitement. The Eev. W. W. Sutledge delivered an ap propriate address in connection with the 5th of November, in the Mudgee Wesleyan Church on Sunday. A very large, numfcer or Orangemen were present. ? . Captain liire, the boatswain, and a seaman of the barque Glaslyn. which was stranded and abandoned in the- Celebes Group, are being tried in Melbourne on a charge of conspiring to destroy the vessel. ? ' A man. about 25 years of age was arrested at Mudgee on Sunday, on a charge of having com \- laitted a serious assault at Bathurst. Charles Laruonu, described as a seamarv, was in the Central fined £H or two months' iinprison racut i'or assaulting a constable in the execution oi iiia duty. : A little boy named William Miller, aged nine vtars. who was found habitually wandering about the city in Jjae company of reputed thieves, was, in the Cerr.cral, ordered to be placed on board the training ship Vernon. j At tb.e Balmain Police Court two men named , respectively Charles Mitchell and William How- ! land were committed for trial for alleged larceny. I The man Brown/ who is -charged with killing i Me, Marks, the manager of Marra Station, will j be 'brought up at the Louth. Court on Tuesday. 'On Saturday a lad named Trussell was killed at j Jembaicumbene, in the Braidwood district, by a j dray loaded with wood going over 'him, Four applications have been received by the warden's clerk at Eillston, for gold-mining leases at Dromedary 'Rill, about 10 miles north of Mount Hope. A witness at the Supreme Court, to-day, swore that he remembered perfectly a conversation he had. 'thirty years since, when he was only 14 years of age. He added, in answer to a loud murmur that arose in court after this statement, he could remember as much again, and was proud of his memory. As this would, have been sixteen years before he was born, he may well be proud of his .memory. B Amy SherVin gave a. concert at Dubbo on Sun day evening. The attendance was not large. ( On Sunday the Eaddcal societies endeavored to hold meetings in Trafalgar-square, in London. A tremendous crowd assembled, and the mob de i stroyed^the railings .' - the square. The police told off to disperse the crowd at Trafalgar-square on Sunday were threatened. They were then reinforced by a strong body of I horse and foot. Several arrests..were made. \ It is rumored that Mr. Mais, Engmeer- in-Chief to the South Australian Government, intends resigning iiis position. A boy named Christopher Beus was in the Central 'Police Court fined 10s or three days' gaol for throwing stones in Victoria-lane to the danger of pej.-sons passing. T'je Conservator of Forests in Cape Colony has offered to assist the South Australian Conserva tor of Forests to procure and ship to South Aus 1 -tralia African wild cats, which he thinks would prove effective as rabbit destroyers. There is no doubt they would be effective as lamb destroyers. The body of Herbert Murray, who has been missing since Saturday, has been recovered in the Brisbane Eiver. 