. Safest THROUGH OllEVII.I.B K TKLKGKAM COMPANY.! SYDNEY. Monday, 11.40 a.m. The Government are overwhelmed with re commendations, principally of members of Parliament, in favor of gentlemen for appoint ment to the Commission of the Peace. The list weighs several pounds, and the number (837) is far greater than that of any previous Government Not one of these names is re commended by Parkes. To consider each application on its merits would occupy several days, and the Premier is at a loss to know what to do under the circumstances. The Board of inquiry into the working of country Land Offices have left for Wagga. They will then likely proceed to Hay, but be yond that their movements are undecided. The Government have accepted the tender of Mr. Tornaghi to supply clock and bel's for the General Post Office tower, at a cost of £$4%- . The Chinese Commissioners leave foi Queensland overland. They are not likely to carry out their intention of visiting In verell and Tingha in consequence of the bad roads. They will probably break their journey on the first night either at Armidale or Glen Innes. At a meeting of the Cabinet on Saturday, the verdict of the jury in the Peat's Ferry rail way accident was under consideration. Pro bably the depositions taken at the Coroner's court will be placed in the hands of Mr. C. B. Stephen, with a view of ascertaining whether or hot the jury were, justi fied upon the facts in arriving at th e conclusion that there was disorganisation, or want 4>f system, in the conduct of railway affairs. The matter will be further considered by the Cabinet ... Later. The Chinese Commissioners have found it impossible to leave to-morrow for Queens land. They will therefore not start until the following day. The Hon. Mr. Wise, Attorney-General, is; indisposed, but he hopes to be able to resume his official duties in a few days. -The body of young M'Mahbn, drowned near Braidwood, has. been recovered, and will be forwarded to Sydney for interment. The stables near M'Namara's Club Hotel, Bega, were totally destroyed by fire.. Cow- droy's store was also much destroyed. The loss is estimated at between 2000 and 4000. The Minister of Works has decided to run a special train for the convenience of mem bers of Parliament and their wives, desirous of attending the Adelaide Exhibition. The train leaves Sydney at 8 p.m. on Thursday. A private, cable received states that Bishop Pearson has arrived in England, arid that the medical experts who have been consulted are hopeful of his ultimate recovery. With refererice to the reported suicide of Mr. Tebbutt, late of Murrurundi, subsequent inquiry goes to show, that although he had died from the effects of a self inflicted wound, that the wound was not inflicted with horrii- cidal intent, but merely to relieve some tem porary pain. - - From the human bones found by the police near Penrith, whilst searching for the repor ted ghost, it appears that a foul deed has been committed and that the guilty one made a fire and attempted to burn his victim, but not having the proper tools to do so lie tried - burial. The hole started for the grave was found near the lemains, and close to the spot where the vision was reported to. have been seen. Lord and Lady Brassey left at 3.30. this afternoon for Newcastle, en route for Bris bane. On Wednesday, Lady Brassey will go overland from Newcastle to Brisbane, via Tenterfield. 