NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS A compoBitor, named Alfred Dnddoll, has boon convicted of brutal illtrontmonfc of his wife in Sjdnoy. Tho Bulli Itoliof committoo reoom- monded annuities of £30 to the widow?, nnd £10 to the children till attaining 15 years of age. Whoc con bo the reaeon of tho committee's wanting to hang to the money ? At tho twenty-aeoond half-yearly mooting of the Sydnoy Exchange, a dividend of 8e por ehsro was declared. Lord Shaftoebnry, who is making a lonr round the world, arrived in Sydnoy ?n Sunday after a six months' lour in India and China. He ia the.grandson of Lord Shafteabnry, the eminent philanthropist, and has not yet attained hie majority. In the , return cricket match between tho players versus the gentlemen of England, the latter were again defeated in one innings. Donald Matheson, stock and station ngont, committed suicide on Monday at Adelaide by shooting himself in the head. A further loan of £8,000,000 sterling, making a total of £47,000,000, is being negotiated for tho construction of the Panama Canal. Tho Premier of New Zealand told his constituents recently that he would hare refused knighthood only that it would havo looked like snobbery on his part. Dr. Dnnne, Roman Catholic Arch bishop of Brisbane, says that as the education in tho State schools of the colony cost £7 per child, the Roman Catholics are defrauded by legislation of orer £40,000 yearly. A Lincoln ewe killed at Mudgee on Friday turned the scale at 1581bs. The owo was tbo property of Mr Rouso, and bad got so fat tbat when she lay down at tinios eho wonlrt got over on to her back, and be totally tinnblo to rise. Tho wifo of a Chinaman at Brisbane endeaTourod to commit suicide by drink ing korosone, and when detected in tho act she cut her throat with a razor. The wound is not a dangerous one. Population in New Zoaland during the hfit ten years has increased at the rate of 15,000 per year. J Mr Tornagbi's tender for £5480 has been accepted for tho supply of tho clock and bells for tho tower of the j Goneral Post-office, Sydney. Dr. Dale, tho eminent Congrogation alist ministor, is about to pay Australia a visit. The foundation stone of a statuo of the Princo Consort hae been laid at Windsor by tbo Qneon. Tho shareholders of the Fiery Cross mine, Barmedman, bnve loJged with the Bank of Now South Walee, 3300z. of gold, cruflhed from 290 tons stone. This, with tho Novor Sweat yield, makes 5300z., oruebod from 860 tons within tho last fortnight. Another nice nugget, weighing 32 ounces, has boon got in the Midas claim, Sulky Gnlly (V.) This is the fourth large piece of gold which hae boon found in a small area of wanhdirt, so that tho country appears to be of a wonderfully nuggetty character. . Hughes, tho West Australian bnsh rangor, has been committed for trial on the charge of murdering Constable O'Connell. A terrible disaster has occurred, on the railway in Canada, to a petroleum train, it collided with an excursion train, and exploded. '1 ho oxoursion train caught fire, and 14 persons were burnt to death in tho carriages, and numbers worn also iojnred. Gecornl Schaw, who has been called upon by tho Government to report on the fortifications of tho colony, will visit Sydney about tho end of the present month. Russia declines to uccept the election of Priuco Ferdinand to tho Bnlgerian thonc. Germany, Austria, and Italy will accopt any solution of tho difficulty based upon the torniH of tbe Berlin troaty. By the decision of the English court rogardiog the Langworthy manage, Mrs. Langworthy will receive alimony at tho rate of £1200 a year, or a capital sum of £27,000; and the child Gladys £500 a year. Iho report that Air J. L. Tebbut, of Globe Point, and a late resident of Murrurendi, hnd committed suicide, nppoars not to be caso. Subsequent inquiry went to show that, although Tobbutt certainly died from the effects of a aolf-inilicted wound, it wae not inflicted with homicidal intent, bnt merely to re lievo temporary pain. The medical man gate it as his opinion that suicide waa never ooutomplrted. * With reference to the human bonoe found by the police near Pemitb, whilst searching for a reported ghost, it appears that a foul deed has been oommitted. The guilty one first attempted 'to bury bis victim, but not having proper tools to do so, ho tried crembtion. A hole, started for a grave, was found near tho remains, and close to tho spot where the , vision wna reportod to havo boon seen. Tho Crimea Bill has passed the lionso of Lords without amendment. Tho Government is overwhelmed with recotnniendationa, principally from morn bers of Parliament, in favour of gentle men for appointment to tho commission of the peace Tho list weighs sovoral pounds, and tho number ie 827. Not onoofthoeo natnuK in recoramonded by Sir Henry ParkoH. To consider each application on its merits would occupy Hovoral daysj and tho* Premier is at a lobs to know what to do in the circum stancoe. Tho meetings of tho " unemployed " at tbo otatup, Sydney, aro said to be dying a natural death. i It boa boon decided to ran a Hpecial rain from Sydney for the convenience of mombora of Parliament and their wives who wish to attend tbe Adelaido Exhi bition. It is rnmonred that Mr Goorgo Angnetne Sals has terminated hifl con nection with the Illustrated London News, which extended orer a qnarter of a centnry. ; At a mooting of tho Irish National Longno in Dnblin on June 7th, it was announced that £1000 had been received from New South Wales. The will of Mrs Wood, tbe antboreee of "East Lynne" and other well-known worka, hes been proved in London, the ralne of the personal estate amonnting to moro than £36,000. Lady Sturt, who died in England laet month, was the widow of CepUin Stnrt, the celebrated explorer of Australia, and the flret navigator of the Murrnmbidgee and Murray Hivore. He traced tho latter from iti junction with the Murrumbidgee to its mouth at Like Alexandria (Encounter Bay). Hβ died' at Cheltenham in 1869. Hα woe nomi nated a K.0.M.Q., but died before the appointment was completed. Her Majesty, however, granted to his widow the same title and precedence as if her husband had survived to receive the title. ???'?. It ie eaid the Sunday concerts in Sydney, as a consequence of the recent action of the Government, aro now better and more patronised than ever. 