FRAGMENTS OF FUN. Woman is mortally afraid of a mouse, they say, but a moustache doesn't scare her a bit. Don't call a very large, strong, sinewy man a prevaricator. If you are sure ne is a prevari cator hire another man to break the news to him. " Wilt thou have me, Sarah?" said a young man to a modest girl. " No, John, B&id; the girl, " but you may have me, if you will." „ Smith, with effusion : Hallo, is that you? I heard that you were drowned. Brown, with sadness : No ; it was my brother. Smith, thoughtlessly : What a pity ! Merchant : Well, porter, I want you to cell me all that happened during my absence. Here's a dollar for you. Porter : The boys promised me two dollars if Iwouidntsay a word. M I wish you would pay a little attention to what I am saying, sir," roared-a lawyer to an exasperating witness be was examining Well, I am paying as little attention as can," was the calm reply. „ "Who." said a member of the Canadian House of Commons, to the member who were frying to choke bim off, who braye there?" "It was an echo,, retorted a member, amid a yell of delight. "In the sentence— ' Jobn strikes Wil liam', " asked a school teacher in a maoutac- turirg town, " what is the strikes' ? ' " Higher wages nd eborter time." promptly replied an lutell igeo PP " I don't Pke these ehoes, eaid a lady cuB- tomer, " because the soles are too thrcK. " la that the only objection ? blandly asked the bootmaker. "Yes," was ® Tt " Then, madam, if you take the shoes, Ij can assure you the objection will gradually wear a8Wbat is that big iron thing full of holes !" " A locomotive boiler, said Laura looked thoughtful. After a silence, she asked: " Why do jheyh 1«» root Wet ?" Tom looked amazed. To make make tender," he said slowly - « C iilecfco-, to servant girl : Is 1 Mr. Jones in . Servant : No, he is out. C. : That s a fi . Saw him enter here a minute ago. S» G. ; I I tell you he's out. C : I say he's not oat ; 1 b® 8 ik S. G. : Well, he's ont of money, and 1 that out is enough for "yon, anyway. And it I was. I Boston Hostess : Did you not think the j wlscro movement of that concerto by Bee- 1 thoven most inspiring ? Friend, from the I West : Stunning ! And wasn't Mr. Beethoven j himself perfectly elegant ! Such lovely j whiskers. I do wish he u play again I j " Mary, here's an advertisement in the paper that I think I'd better answer." " What is it for, John !" 11 Why, it says, 1 a ?« !ftter fr sale, by Edward Smith.' " Well, what do you want of a setter aog, | John?' "Oh, I dunno, only I thought it: might do to w&tch; the house at night ; and as it iB a setter, we could use him on the eggs during the day." At the Concert. — Young Candid : Did you ever hear such horribly diBoordant, ear- splitting, infernal . Old Proudfut i i Sir -ft 1 That's my eldest daughter, mid—. I Young Candid : I repeat, sir, such infernal clatter as the idiots behind us are making. Why, I can't hear a word of the song. An Australian prelate, on his first journey I around, was flung into the deep mad by a res tve horse. Rising ruefully, with Iris chaplain's help, and surveying the place, the bishop consoled himself with the reflection : ' I have left a deep ImpreBBion in t hat I part of the diocese, at any rate." ! A very deaf Boston man has a charming | wife and a crass dog. One morning a friend met him and said : " Good morning, Mr. I Blank. Your wife made a very pleasant call I on us last evening." " I'm very Borry," was I the startling answer of the deaf citizen, " I'll I see that it doesn't occur again. I'm going to 1 chain her up after this." I A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast I lamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook : " Que lamb." " Great Scott, mister," cried j the countryman. " I can't eat a hall lamb ; I gimme some fried oyBters instead," " One fried." bawled the waiter. "Well, Methu selah's ghost ! Mister, one fried oyster hain't goin' to be enough. Gemme a dozen of 'em. Darn these city eatin' places !" Barber, to customer in chair : You're quite bald, Bir. Customer : Yep. Barber: Young man, too. Customer : Yep. Barher : Wear yonr hat too much. Customer : Nop, Barber : Ran in the family ? Customer : Nop. Barber: Roots of the hair deseaaed? Customer: Nop. Berber: Fever? Customer: Nop. Barber : Er— wife? Customer : Nop. Barber, desperately: What caused that baldness? Customer : Barber's preventative. 