XOTHS FUit TO-DA Y. Muff mutcli, Crusoe, J .30 p.m. linginedrivers'examination. Football match, Buck Creek, - Sandhurst - v. Kehueii. Meeting committoo Queen'h Fund, Eaglolmwk, 3 p.m. Hospital uommittey, 7 p.m. ■ Commoinoration Battle of thu Hoyne, Mnsoniu Hull, li.80 und 8 j).m. ■ Dance, Miwohio Hall, 8 p.ml Fhanck and UicmrAN'r.—A wry menacing tone is adopted by tho German press towards l1 ranee (according to an Aryu* telegram) over tlio revela tions made during thu trial for treason. CiOHKP nv A Uui.i.ook.—A serious accident oc curred on Monday morning (says the Artms) at the Deniliquin railway trucking yards, when a drover named .lolin Watsonv(a son of Mr. George Watson, of Melbourne, tin; well-known sports man) sustained serious injuries, through being charged and ^ored by a bullook. One of the bul lock's horns pierced thu groin, and thu other pene trated the thigh, beuides indicting other injuries. Medical aid was at once procured, and Mr. Wat son is now lying in a very critical condition. A iwivato telegram lias been received from Mr. John Watson stating that he is all right, ana will be dov. n in a week. A. Soi.itahy CillOHT.—Tllero is a good old atorv told in Spain, that runs .somewhat to this effect: -- There was a certain man who was gifted with a very peculiar kind of second sight, which was this: when he went to a doctor's, he could see outside the door the ghosts of all those patients that had buen attended by the doctor who had died during that time. One day lie himself fell ill, and it be came necessary that ho should seek the assistance of a physician ; so he started out to find the best one flu could. He visited tho house* of all the medical men who worn supposed to be tlio cleverest in tho town, but found all their doorways so blocked up, as it were, with ghosts, that ho did not like to go in. After travelling all tho principal streets, and not finding a single doctor whom he thought he could trust, lie at last turned into a side-turning, and outside the house of a seemingly very insignificant doctor, he saw only one little wnite ghost glimmer ing; therefore, thinking he must be a verv clever doctor who had only killed one person, he went into the house and was attended to by the doctor. As he was leaving, the doctor said to him—"1 cannot think who recommended you to come to an insignificant man like myself, serin'' that during the whole time I have practised, I liave only hail one patient, and I am quite sure that he did not tell you." 