WASTED SYMPATHY To the Editor "Moreton Mail." Sir,—I am a constant reader of your paper. I like to read it. It seems a real live paper, although only a little one. But if you would allow me to make a suggestion, I would say, please draw it mild. Do not pile up the agony too high. Sensitive readers cannot stand it in this enervating climate. Although I say it who per- haps ought not to say it, I am the unfortunate possessor of very ender and sympathetic feelings. This brings me to what I wanted to say. Several times during the last few months you have had stinging paragraphs in the Mail about people going away from Sandgate leaving the storekeepers lamenting over unpaid bills. If there is one thing I hate more than another, it is the mean sneak who victimises his butcher, baker or grocer. Next to that, I hate the baker, butcher or grocer who victimises his cash customer. I grew virtuously indignant over these runaway defaulters from Sandgate, and my sympathy gushed forth in unrestricted measure for the poor, struggling, striving, con- fiding storekeepers, who, taken in by appearances, gave these birds of pas- sage credit for goods, I now find, Mr. Editor, that I fooled away that fierce indignation and keen sympathy —absolutely wasted it on persons who never required it. An old friend of mine has been staying at Sandgate during the summer months, and when he came back to Brisbane a few days ago he show me a bill, which was duly paid and receipted, for stores supplied by a little storekeeper in your neighbourhood. It amounted to over £5, and on comparing the prices charged with the prices for the same sort of goods in Brisbane, we found that the Sandgate prices averaged about 70 per cent. over the Brisbane ones. I do not blame the Sandgate storekeepers in the slightest degree for charging what they do. Nobody is obliged to buy from them unless they choose. But with 70 per cent added to Bris- bane prices, and no Brisbane rents or rates to pay, it seems to me they make ample provision for a few defaulters. These tradesmen of yours are wiser in their generation than you represented, and evidently know their way about very well. When you write about them again, Mr. Editor, "pray don't be flowery, Jacob," as Scrooge said to Marley's ghost. BRISBANE NEW CHUM. 