POSTAL GRIEVANCES. IT must be noted by any observant person that the present postal arrange- ments for North Melbourne are not at all satisfactory and since we called atten- tion to the matter by a paragraph in our last issue fresh complaints have reached us. This 'postal fever,' as it may be termed is not confined to the Eastern Ward, but has spread over the whole of North Melbourne. Late deliveries are becoming the rule now instead of the exception, and business men have to wait about for their letters nearly every morning and this delay in some instances becomes a very serious matter. Indeed our experience has been the delivery of letters at seven o'clock p.m. instead of six. People who wish to see their private correspondence before leaving home are often dis- appointed and the evil cries loudly for a remedy. The postmen too are unfairly supposed to be the cause of this unsatis- factory state of things and thus blame is heaped on painstaking and faithful public servants. The town of North Melbourne is certainly treated very shabbily by the postal department and many reforms, especially in the direction alluded to above, are urgently needed. Perhaps Mr. Laurens will draw the Postmaster's attention to this complaint which requires immediate attention. Mn. George Hardess, who has acted as superintendent of St. Mary's Church of England Sunday School for the past twenty years, is about to retire from the position. His health has not been at all satisfactory of late, and, feeling that he requires more rest after his arduous official duties, he has been reluctantly compelled to resign. Many of the residents of North Melbourne will regret the step, as their children will lose the example of a most worthy man and a good counsellor in a department of use- fulness that is sadly neglected by our rising youth. While others have sought renown at the cannon's mouth of rex populi, George Hardess of late years has contented himself with doing a work amongst the young that cannot be esti- mated by human measurement. He has been a father to the fatherless, and a true friend to the lad of honest and straightforward principles. In this age of secularism, indifference, and irreligion, so far as day school education, aye, and home instruction too, is concerned, it is cheering to find men of intelligence on the seventh day doing their utmost to build up the morals and higher traits of character in the young whose religious education, in at least fifty per cent of cases, is a blank in the home circle. Unfortunately, in these instances, the only reference to the name of the Deity is in profane oaths, whose utterance in the ears of children must, in the strictest sense, have a baneful effect on every moral feeling. We offer no apology, in making these remarks, but boldly assert that the rising generation ..... more examples of the George Hardess stamp. Fearless and uncompromising with truth, open hearted and generous, the whole character built on a Foundation that has stood tile test of time, why does not society produce more such charac- ters? \----------------------- To-day the Ormond and North Fitzroy meet on the University Cricket ground. and as neither team has been beaten this season, a splendid struggle is likely to result. Members of the Ormond Club will be admitted free to the ground and reserve on production of their tickets. Members of the North Fitzroy are entitled to free entry to the ground only. The monthly meeting of the Flem- ington and Kensington Fire Brigade, was held at the new hall on Friday last, Lieutenant Flannagan presiding. A letter was received from the secretary of the Footscray Fire Brigade, soliciting on be- half of ex-Captain White, injured whilst attending a fire, was received. It was decided that the hose officer should re- port all members failing to attend for duty as directed on the notice board with a view to enforcing a fine. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Kensington Drum and Fife Band for their good con- duct and excellent music rendered when accompanying the brigade during the demonstration, and also to Mr. G. Tate, senr., for his kindness in conveying the hose reel to the ground and back. The annual meeting of the North Mel- bourne Liberal Association was held on Thursday night. Cr. H. Wilson, J.P., in the chair. The auditor's report was read and adopted, which showed the associa- tion to be in a good financial position. The following officers were then elected: — President, Cr. Hugh Wilson; Vice Presi- dents, Messrs W. Nicol and J. H. Gardiner; Treasurer, Mr. D. Morrison; Secretary, Mr. E. Anderson ; Committee, Messrs W. H. Harratt, J. C. Champion, J. Griffiths, H. Harratt, J. Kemple. Tihe following is an excellent 'play upon words':— It is opined that The Bohemian will form the subject of a great deal of Table Talk on Herald-ing forth and Chronicl-ing its Argus-eyed and pithily-written notes on the Age we live in and it is confidently expected the Tele- graph will send the announcement of its birth to all Sportsmen and other sinners in the Australasian colonies, to whom The Bohemian will give new Life, and prove a Harbinger of Light at least Once a-Week, and all who enjoy their bowl of Punch under The Southern Cross, will, on sending a Messenger armed with three- pence, receive a bottle of the best well wrapped up in The Bohemian, whose War Cry and Bulletins will neither Advocate nor contain Temperance News from The Advertiser. On Tuesday next Messrs G. D. Lang- ridge will offer for sale a valuable block of land in Wellington and Bignell streets, Newmarket, having a total frontage of 396 feet, and most suitable for sub-division. The land which has been an eyesore and drawback to the district in consequence of its not havinig been utilised for build- ing purposes is a chance seldom met with, and investors would do well to make enquiries at the local office of the suctioneers, Racecourse road, Newmarket, where all particulars can be ascertained. The annual excursion of the West Mel- bourne Baptist Sunday School will be held at Wandong, near Kilmore, next Thurs- day. A special train will leave North Melbourne station at 8.45 a.m., returning froms Wandong at 6.15 p.m. For the con- venience of northern picnicians the train will stop at Newmarket. The teachers have arranged to supply all visitors with tea. Tickets may he obtained at the fol- lowing rates:— Under 12, 1s.; 12 to 16, 1s. 6d ; senior scholars over 16, 2s. 6d.; adults, 3s. 6d. An accident ihappened in Victoria street on Wednesday morning, when a cart driven by a small boy ran into a horse, seriously injuring it. The driver of the cart endeavoured to make off, but a man mounted on a horse overtook him, and detained the vehicle until Constable Dunlop arrived to whom he reported the matter. The latter took the names of the parties concerned with a view to further action. The Flemington and Kensington State school pic-nic held on Thursday at Kilmore proved a grand success. A thoroughly enjoyable day being spent by the young people and their adult friends. The weather was perfection and the excursion passed off without a hitch. Our reporter's very lengthy report which we are requested not abridge will will appear in our next issue. The follow is a list of further donations to the Flemington School Pic-nic, received by Mr. Cross:— Mr. Spong, 10s 6d; Mr. D. Vaughan, 10s 6d; Mr. Jay, 5s; Mr. Hall, 5s; Mr. Smith, 5s; Mr. Mr. W. Norris, 10s; Mr. Thomas of the glass works, a very handsome fish globe; Mr. Grinkan, pair steps; ex-Cr. J. Williamson, wringing machine; all for the gift distribu- tion to married ladies. The globe of gold fish presented by Mr. Thomas of the glass works is beautifully chased and a very handsome prize. Mr. John Crichton has given 10s 6d towards the prizes. A detailed report of the Coppin Amateur Dramatic Club and the presentation to Mr. A. Mayne by the Alliance Lodge is held over till next week. Messrs C. J. and T. Ham advertise in our issue of to day the sale of land suit- able for private railway sidings, factory sites and business lots in the Kensington Park Estate, on Saturday (this day). Some desirable cottage allotments will also pass under the hammer. The late accident at Spencer street caused by a Williamstown train colliding with dockheads at the end of the road was primarily caused by the failure of the Wood's brake. For a considerable period this brake has been used on the North suburban lines and the Westinghouse on the South suburban. All things con- sidered the Westinghouse appears to be the best and it is strange that the people of Essendon, Coburg and Williamstown should not have their trains fitted with it. Does the influence of the member for Stawell still hover about the Railway Department ? It is a pleasing fact to note that amid all the struggling and business of life, one can get a real first-class suit from Mr. John Lanz, practical tailor, general out- fitter and shirt maker of 114 Bourke street, east, and at the same time obtain civility and honest dealing. One trial will prove what this advertisement con- ains. — [ADVT.] Our sporting contributor, 'Centaur, says — Tomorrow the Victorian Amateur Turf Club hold their usual monthly meet- ing at Caulfield. A good programme has been prepared, and, with fine weather, a very enjoyable afternoon's sport may be had. The first item on the programme is the Selling race, for which Oxenham's choice looks the best, followed by Ariel and the Ghost. For the Hurdles I like Fountain's representative or Revenge,and for two year old race prefer Bedouin to anything else, followed home by Pingard. For the St. Kilda Cup the Levik, Men- notti, and Abuse look well, and for the Steeplechase I place them Shedley, Roulette, and Banker. For the South Yarra Handicap my selections are Rich- worth, Chicago, and Newmaster. On Tuesday last, Senior- Constable Carmody of Kensington, found a little fellow named James Robinson wandering about near the Saltwater river and as from enquiries he had lost himself, Carmody took charge of him. It afterwards ap- peared tlhat the youngster who was only five years old had walked all the way from Richmond and had he not fortunately met with the friendly constable he might hare fared badly. He was subsequently taken home by his parents who were in search of him and most anxious as to his whereabouts. Mr. F. J. Melvillle, hon. secretary to the Gladys Private Quadrille Assembly, desires us to intimate that a meeting of the original members of the assembly will be held in the New hall, Newmarket this evening at 8 o'clock wihen the pro- gramme for the ensuing series will be arranged and other matters in connection with the club discussed. Last Saturday afternoon as the steamer Ozone had just left Queensliff for Sorrento a little boy who was leaning over the rail fell overboard to the con- sternation of the passengers. A young man, who witnessed, the mishap, immedi- ately jumped after him, and kept him afloat until a boat was lowered, when both were brought safely on board, and the little fellow was restored to the arms of his anxious parents, who naturally were profuse in their thanks to his plucky rescuer. The residents of Parkville are up in arms at the move of the University Coun- cil to have the 'local' post and telegraph office erected in the northern corner of their grounds. It will be remembered when the residents mooted a short cut through the grounds to Carlton and vice versa; the University authorities opposed most strenuously, but owing to a saving clause in the deeds the public won the day. However the Governmtent, who have been offered the site without the asking, can consistently erect an office in North Carlton and dub it with the name of Park- ville is another departmental gymnastic proceedinig which will form the basis of a public meeting of the residents at an early date, who want a local and not an adjoin- ing suburban office. It will be a day of bile if the Governiment of the future turn to the University Council and say, 'You forced a site on us we now want the whole frontage for public uses. The friends of Cr. Hugh Wilson will regret to learn that his third son John died at his residence, Flemington road, on Wednesday evening from typhoid fever. The deceased was a promising youth of about nineteen years of age. Much sympathy is expressed for our old and respected townsman in his deep affliction. The hearing of the evidence between the Essendon and Brunswick Councils in re the Moonee Ponds Creek bridge site is still proceeding. The case stands ad- journed till let April, and Judge Moles- worth said he thought it might be settled out of court. In order to place the evidence in extenso before our readers we hold over the preliminary evidence. The North Melbourne Board of Advice met in the Errol street school last Monday. There were present Messrs Nicol, Catt, Rae (chair), and Clarke (correspondent). It was resolved to hold the distribution of prizes in the Town Hall on Friday, 22nd April, by which date the additions to the buildings, &c.;, will be completed. It was carried that the Minister of Education be asked to preside. The excellent results accruing from the late deputation of the board to the Minister were shown in the asphalting of the Errol street school paths, the erection of additions to the Boundary road school, &c.; The attention of the department was drawn to the unsightly state of the Queensberry street school ap- proaches and grounds. Communications from the Sandhurst Exhibition Committee were read, but owing to the want of courtesy and co-operation previously shown in the matter, the board declined to entertain further proposals. Mr. J. Green notifies the sale of valu- able business allotments to-day on the ground in Rankin's road, Kensington be- tween Smith and Parsons streets. Mr. C. A. Atkins, the well- known chemist, of Errolstreet North Melbourne is the vendor, and the allotments should prove some of the most saleable that have been in the a market for some time. The usual fortnightly of the Parkville Debating Society was held on Tuesday week at Johnston's rooms. The exercise appointed were 'Extempore Speeches.' The chairman explained that these exer- cises were given to put the members on their mettle; very often aspeaker is called upon to address a meeting, without hav- had time to prepare even a few notes or headings and there is nothing like practice to enable him to do it. Some very amus- ing speeches were given during the course of the evening. The attempts of young members to address themselves to sub- jects that they seemed wholly ignorant of and in which they should have a good knowledge proved conclusively the benefits that are got by such meetings. The next meeting, which will take place on the 15th of March, will be given to an essay by Mr. Tadgell on 'Sheep and Wool.' It is expected that there will be a large attend- ancee to hear this essay, as the subject 'Sheep and Wool' being two of the staple commodities of the colony, all should have a knowledre of them. A hearty invitation is extended to all to attend the meeting. About 3 o'clock on Wednesday morning screams were heard proceeding from a house in Princes street, occupied by a family named Frazer who are continually carrying on drunken orgies and making use of vile expressions to the annoyance of the neighborhood. The police ought really to take sorme action, as it is absurd to think that low people can come and settle in a decent street and behave in the disgraceful manner described with impunity. 