AT SECOND HAND. I am Mr. Rugg. I don't deny that I am an old gentleman, though I disapprove of those impolite persons who call me Old Rugg as if I were a door-mat. I have never been married, thank Providence, but I have a nephew who is all a son could be to me. His name is Adolphus Harland, and he is a very handsome young man. I intend to leave all my property to him. I fancied he would remain a bachelor like myself, and when I settled down with him In a delightful suite of rooms, I believed ourselves established permanently. However, no one can possibly calculate on the conduct of young persons. Hardly had •we commenced our happy life, when Adolphus informed me that he had fallen in love with a beautiful young lady, and should be miserable for life unless he could win her hand and heart. At first I was furious, but Adolphus is my idol. I relented, and made enquiries. The object of his admiration I found was Miss Helena Jones, daughter of that estimable but intensely deaf old lady. Mrs. Jones, an old friend of mine—a sort of flame in my boyhood—one of my lucky escapes. I knew Miss Helena. I didn't admire her, but Adolphus did. And, like a fool, after threatening to disinherit him, I forgave him and agreed to call on Mrs. Jones and find out if possible, whether Helena liked him. Adolphus was nervoui about the matter, and doubted (for the first time in his life) his own powers of fascination. Accordingly, I took the first fitep towards making a complete fool of myself by putting on my hat and overcoat one morning, and walking over to the apartments the Joneses occupied, and fortunately found Mrs. Jones in and Miss Helena out. After some desultory talk, I broached the subject by asking ny old friend, plump and plain, whether she would not like to have Eer daughter married. I was obliged to bellow it three limes, but at last she heard me, and answered, " Yes, if she approved of her husband, but there are so many poor young men who can't support a wife," added she, " and poor Helena hasn't a penny. If a proper person of mature years wanted her why then, indeed—-" and Mrs. Jones paused and looked at me very curiously. " Madam," said 1, yelling, as was necessary. at the top of my voice, "I know of a man old enough to know his own mind (Adolphus was five-and-twenty), who worships the ground your daughter treads on. He is rich, good-looking, well-behaved. You guess who it is, I see. Now do you think Miss Helena favours him ?" The old lady paused a minute, then, " Oh, yes," said she, " I know you mean yourself. You have my best wishes, and indeed, to let you into a secret " My nephew—I mean my nephew, Adolphus." I screamed. " Yes, of course he will be put out," said Mrs. Jones. " He may try to get you put in an insane asylum. Heirs sometimes do. But I'll stick by you. And, as I was saying to let you into a secret—Helena adores yon. She thinks more of you than she ever thought of any man, young or old. Oh. she'll say yes. I'll tell her of your offer, and she'll say yes at once, I am positive." "But my nephew—don't she care for him?" I bellowed. "Not the snap of her finger 1" cried the old lady. " Oh, no, no ! Nephews are always angry when their rich uncles marry." I sat stricken with horror. To marry anyone was a dream that had never entered my mind. I did not admire Helena, and if I had chosen a wife, it would have been a very different person, and an older one, for I doubt the propriety of uniting May to December. But here I was in a fix. A beautiful—well, a good-looking girl—a lady well behaved and agreeable, had given me her heart. I had been supposed to offer her my hand. As a man of honour, I could not draw back. "Madam," I said, "I shall call on Miss Helena this evening. Kindly prepare her;" and went my way. Adolphus awaited my return. I shook his hand tenderly. " My dear boy," I said," dont take it too hard. Your case is hopeless. She loves another ; her mother told me so." " I can't believe it!" said Adolphus. " Prepare yourself for the worst," said I. " Adolphus. it is I the girl likes. I've inadvertedly trifled with her feelings. Of course, I must many her. It's a dreadful blow, Adolphus; don't desert me." "There must be some mistake," said Adolphus. "It can't be you," I looked in the glass involuntarily. " I can't see why not," I said. " I don't want to marry ; but if it is so, are we to be enemies, Adolphus?" "No," said he. "You deserve her. Take her, uncle, take her; and when I am dead, tell her all." I I Don't talk like that, Adolphus," I cried. And we were very miserable together all the afternoon—he because he was rejected, I because I was accepted. Such is life. That evening I went to see Helena. I carried with me a diamond ring of value. The girl was very pale and calm, but her eyes were red and swollen. She let me put the ring on her finger and kiss her, and I told her I should be very good to her, and she said she knew it. But we were not a very lover-like pair. Old Mrs. Jones seemed orach happier than we. For my part, I could not understand it all. I had a vague feeling that something was wrong, bat when I asked Mrs. Jones if Helena was happy, she answered, " Are the seraphim happy, Mr. Rugg r That was certainly convincing. So the wediing-day drew near. The bonnets were made; the dress was home—Mrs. Jones showed it to me—I had ordered my own suit; and one day it occurred to me to take Helena out riding—a fine clear day—and she seemed pleased to go. And away we drove, far out of the city, to a quiet place, where, in the early spring, the young grass was already fresh and green, and there were buds upon the boughs. There we alighted and walked by the river side : and for once I really felt lover-like to Helena. I took her little hand that lay upon my arm and patted it softly, and said, " My little girl, do you really love an old fellow like me, and can you be happy with him ?" And then suddenly the poor little thing burst into tears, and sobbed on my shoulder. "Oh. Mr. Rugg!" she said. " Good, kind Mr. Rugg 1 I feel as if I ought to kneel down here and beg your pardon. No, Mr. Rngg, late as it is, I must tell you that I do not love you in that way—that I should tojmarry you. I love you nearly as much as I did grandpa, but that is not right. I should wrong you to marry you, and I will not. Don't think hardly of mamma; she meant well, and she did not know everything. She told me you said you loved me dearly, and that shd had told you that I loved you, and she begged me, on her knees, to marry you, that she might be rid of all her anxiety and care ; and I promised. I did not know then that someone else loved me—someone I—cared about; but now he has told me, and his heart will break, and I—oh I Mr. Rrgg, I can't marry you! For all our sakes I must break our engagement; and you— you—oh ! you will forgive me, won't you?" I took her hand. My temporary mortification was changing to joy. " I will forgive you. my dear," I said, " if you'll tell me who it is that loves you, and that you love. Is it not my nephew, Adolphus?" "It is not his fault, Mr. Rugg," sobbed Helena. " He said that you were the best man in the world, bnt that he wanted me to know it when he was dead. And I said I was to be your wife, and all I could say was that I regretted that he should have felt so badly. But afterwards I almost died, Oh, it is so hard. Mr. Rugg I Two people loved me, and I broke both their hearts." " My dear," I said," not mine, not mine. I love you very much as your respected grandfather did. no doubt. This has been a great mistake all along; and now I'll drive you home, and perhaps, you'll be happier tomorrow. I'm sure I .shall." So we stepped into the carriage again, and I left her at the door, and flew home to Adolphus, He was lying on thejsofa, pale as a ghost. " My boy," said I, " congratulate me." " What ? Married ?" asked he, faintly. " No—free I" said I. " 'Dolph' cheer up. Deaf old Mrs. Jones made a mistake. Helena has liked you all along." Adolphus staggered to his feet. " Is this true ?" said he. "It is," said I. "Then I'll live." said he. "Lookl I should have swallowed this to night," and he produced from his pocket a bottle labelled " Poison," which I at once threw into the fire. The idiot—all this for a girl with red hair and a turned-up nose, whom I was glad enough to find loved someone else, but, at all events, we were all happy, j assured Mrs. Jones that Adolphus was my heir and able to support a wife, and the wedding took place at the time appointed—with a change of bridegrooms.' Helena makes a very nice niece-in law ; but I am much happier as a bachelor than I should have been with a wife. 