CORRESPONDENCE. TO CORRESPONDENTS, " J. Q. S. S."'—We regret that we cannot | use'your verses. " Charles Perrott" writes from Hackney as fallows" According to your report Mr. K. Evans has exploded the Cradock ghost to his own satisfaction. I can only say from self-experiences that similar phenomena as are reported to have occurred at Blackrock do exist, and Mr. E. Evans is not a fit and f roper person for the public to be guided by.' a the first place, Mr. Evans went for the sole purpose of proving it to be a fraud. In the second place, be is a conjuror and a mes merist. With these gifts combined ho conld influence the girl to produce the knocks or Srevent them to snit his own purpose." 'or correspondent gives other reasons why Mr. Evans's conclusions should be dis trusted, but it is not necessary to enter into them. " John Newton."—Jubilee excursion trains will leave Melbourne on June 20 and 27 and .July 4 and 11. The fares will be—1st class, £2 return; 2nd claBS,£l 5s. return. It will j depend upon the success of these trains whether other excursion trains are ^ut on. " C."—Putapa Gap is about 8 miles north of the town of fieltana on the road from Port I Augusta to Hergott. "Lily."—You had better advertise. We have answered the question a score of times. " SIgna."—Thiers' "History of the French Revolution" is not considered the best. It is written from a Republican standpoint, but not ultra-radical or atheistic. It is not gene rally considered to have any sectarian bias. By many English readers Carlyle's " HiBtory ■■ <of the French Revolution" is generally pre ferred. " R. S. R."—After Jane 14 the rates for \- carriage of copper ore from Cockburn to Dry \- Creek will be for a single ton £3 9a. 7d., and far a truck-load of 5 tons £1 10s. lid. per \- ton. Loading and unloading has to be done by owners, but if done by Railway Depart ment Is. for each service extra will be ■ charged. " Deed."—IN e cannot say for certain until the sbipB arrive. " A Drover."—Benjamin William Andrews was found drowned in the Botanic Creek on Sunday morning. May 22. The inquest was • commenced on May 23 at the Elephant and Castle, West-terrace, and adjourned till -May 27. " T. M. M."—Thanks for some jubilee | ■ notions, which will appear in next Satur day's Observer and Journal. "J. B. C."—Yes; the fees, &c.;, cost, we ■ believe, about £100. " Onward."—We fancy your letter would < do more harm than gooa to the cause you ■ advocate. "Sunbeam."—The distance from Adelaide to Cockburn by train is 299 mileB; from ■ Cockburn to Silverton by the new tramline 39| miles; from Silverton to Broken Hill by the new tramline 16J miles. The train runs to Cockburn, but at present the travellers take the coach from there to Broken Hill. " W. L. R."—This waB answered in last < week's Observer. "Enquirer."—It depends upon the by-laws of the Lodge. "Annoyed" writes: — "I regret to be obliged to call attention to a most dangerous practice on the part of the drivers of trains. The train is brought ta a standstill at the station, and then, when passengers are .getting out, the engine jerks the train on a few yards. A fortnight ago I was thrown . down flat on the ground by this movement, . and 1 consider myself to have had a narrow ■escape. To-night I stood on the platform waiting for my daughter, and saw the same operation with the train. My daughter scarcely managed to save herself from falling, and she was so much Bhaken that for a little -while she trembled while walking. _ If the thing were not a continual practice it might be overlooked; and to increase the danger the stations are now permitted to be ex tremely dark." "Longitude."—!. The boundaries oi the Kimberley Gold field, as officially defined, are—On the north, the 16th parallel of south latitude; on the south, the southern bourn dary of the Kimberley district (latitude 19° 30' S.); ou the west, the 126th meridian of east longitude; and on the cast, the eastern boundary of the colony (longitude 129° E.). Derby, Western Australia, is in 123° 39' E. longitude and 17° 19' S. latitude. Mount Browne, N.8.W., is in 141° 45' E. longitude and 29' 45' S. latitude. Silverton is in 141° 14' E, longitude and 31° 47' S. latitude. _ 2. The population of the Australasian Colonies, Including Tasmania and blew Zealand, is 3,370,524. 3. Tooart (Eucalyptus gomphoce phala) is a native of South-Western Aus tralia. The wood is tough, heavy, and rigid, . and its " grain" very much intertwisted. It Is not liable to split iu drying, and does not ■ shrink much. It iB very durable, and par ticularly useful for girders and other purposes where large timber is wanted. It thrives beet upon limestone soil, and reaches a hekrht ■ of 100 feet with a clear stem of 50 feet in length. " J. Higgins," writing from Chowilla, says : —" In view of the opening of the Exhibition and jubilee celebrations would it not be simply an act of courtesy ior the Mayor of Adelaide to invite the Mayors and Council Clerks of Silverton, Wentworth, and Wil ■ cannia to come to Adelaide as his guests at that time. The Adelaide people have derived great profits from the river districts, and the Council could well afford such a trivial expense." "Steam No. 2°' hopes that the question "■ Which brake shall we use on our railways?" will soon be settled by Parliament. He thinks that the Westinghouse is the proper oue to decide upon, and gives numerous instances of its prompt action iu cases of danger. "Medicus" suggests that the question of doctors recommending patent medicines be considered at the coming Medical Conference. He thinks that there are many "secret medicines" which are beneficial, and others that are injurious. A Board of medical .gentlemen Bhould be appointed to judge the merits or demerits of such medicines, and that body should publish the result of their decisions. " Back Blocks."—Multiply the sum of the diameters by their difference, the product by *7854, and this latter product by perpendicular ■depth; e.g., suppose the internal diameter to be 10 feet, the thickness of the masonry 1 foot, and the depth 8 feet, then 12+10 x (12-10) x -7854x8"= 276 46 cubic feet = 101 cubic yards, kl "H. D. M."—The schooner Agues was wrecked ou Cape Jaffa reef on March 13, 1865. " Bruin."—The master is in no way com pelled to give testimony as to character, "W. A. K."—The specimen you send is aehestos, which is of commercial value. " Schoolgirl."—Apply to a bookseller. " Housekeeper" asks for a recipe for pre serving pears. " Enquirer."—Toorak is a suburb 3£ miles east oi Melbourne, and possesses a post office. " Onlooker."—The Commissioner of Police Informs us that he has given instructions to the Inspectors not to do anything that will inconvenience any of the districts. Any re movals will only be for a few days. With regard to yoor last complaint, specify the particular caseB to the Commissioner. " One Who Was Not Robbed" writes "I was very much surprised to-day when a man called at my office with a petition for signature for the release of the prisoner WilBon, late of the Commercial Bink. The man was sent off with the anBwer that' if one was brought for signature to keep him and his mate Crooks there I should be pleased to sign it/ I should like to know what ia the use of Judges' and Juries' decisions if, when they are convicted, criminals should again be let loose ou society, but if in our jubilee year some must be let locBe, then let us rather petition for those vrho have harmed only one indi vidual, and perhapB that a wealthy one, suoh as horsestealers, housebreakers, &c.;, but not those who have robbed the poor widows and orphans as well as every class of society. I think that by making this matter public it may stay the hand of those who would other wise sign without carrying their minds back to the time when the robberies were found out/' " One Who Has Been Robbed" writes "Seeing in the correspondence column of your issue of the 14th inst. an assertion that Wilson waB in collusion with CrookB, I write aB a lover of justice to contradict such a state ment. Had things been managed differently at the time, ana Wilson's case more par ticularly enquired into, the public would now know as I do that Crooks m&uaged; all his infamous work entirely by himBelf and with' out the help or knowledge of his accountant. Having waited for some other of Wilson's numerous (former) friends to use an abler pen than mine, I have done what I can, as a lover of justice, to defend one who unfortunately now cannot defend himself." "G. P. P."—" Chambers's Encyclopaedia" says, with reference to the Hay Day festival: —"The fairest maid of the village was crowned with Sowers aa the Queen of May, placed in a little bower or arbour, where she sat in state receiving the homage and admiration of the youthful revellers who danced and sang around her." "C. H. Danvere" says he believes in paying members of Parliament, hut questions the justice of giving them £200 a year for working from 2 p.m. on Tuesday until Thursday in each week of the session. " Unfortunate Bank Shareholder." — A shareholder is entitled to inspect the affi davits filed in the liquidation proceedings in the Supreme Court by the liquidators of the Commercial Bank of South 'Australia, and the cost is Is. for each inspection. As to the second part of your question we cannot give an opinion. "Netley." — You would find "Nesbit'e Practical Mensuration" very useful. The diagram you have sent represents an im possible piece of land. Thus assuring the other given measurements to be correct, the longer diagonal would be 121*24 + chains, not 120 chains as stated, The area would be 424 acres 1 rood 13 perches. "J. Young."—February 0,1851, was Black Thursday. " Porcupine" and " Civilization" have not forwarded their names. " T. T. Ward."—1. You cannot obtain them in Adelaide. 2. Adelaide Foreign Stamp Company, Post-Office, New Thebar ton. "Moches A1 Erinn."—Your letter is an election advertisement. 