THE REV. J. C KIRBY IN REPLY TO CANON GREEN. In the Fort Congregational Church on Sunday evening the Rev. J. C. Kirby, in the presence of a good congregation, reviewed the late sermon of the Rev. Canon Green on "The Religion of Protestant Dissenters.' He said— Political and religious discussion, conducted in a friendly spirit, Thelp the public to understand great questions. The root error in the canon's sermon was his doctrine concerning the church. I shall expound the doctrine of the New Testa ment. Now that holy book teaches that there is a church which Christ loved, and against which the gates of Hades shall not prevail. But it does not teach that this glorious church has an artificial visible organisation like the Odd fellows, as Mr. Green says the Church of England has. The organisation of the Church of Chrirt in tremendously deeper. It springs from vital incorporation into Christ. A person is put into this living church by the operation of the Holy Ghost, and must be a repentant and penitent dis ciple of Christ. These real members of Christ, really incorporated members of Christ's body, are to be found in all the artificial churches or visible church corporations in the world, bat the majority are in Heaven. Hence not in the shallow sense of the canon, but with deeper meaning the Protestant Dissenters hold " that each man in the Church of Christ is not an isolated unit but a member of a family, a citizen of the Kingdom of Heaven.&c.;" Now this real Church within all the churches and with many members outside all artificial churches has made itself visible or manifest by love and good works. For all the living, loving, prayer ful, holy, believing souls have ever let their light shine before men and so have glorified their Father in Heaven. A'Kempis the Romanist, and Banyan the Baptist, and Elizabeth Fry, who never received water baptism, were all in this Church of God. But the water-baptised scoundrels, murderers, tyrants, and oppressors of idiom we read in history, though they belonged to artificial visible churches were never members of Christ's body, flesh, and bones. I should have to take leave of my senses to say co. But we do believe that over and above the Eternal Church of God which the Holy Ghost is building through the ages, the Apostles organised visible societies to which they gave the name of churches, e.g., the Seven Churches of Asia. But not one or the seven of such churches constitutes the Church of God. They are only instruments for building the church and kingdom of Christ. This is a great ser vice, and so they should be honored by the friends of Christ. The Anglican Church, like the Congregational Church of Port Adelaide, is but one of these visible temporary churches. On these grounds I hold the canon's doctrine of the church a huge error which vitiated most of his reasoning. Canon Green assumes for the Anglican Church that which only belongs to a church which is constituted of all truly renewed, repentant, and holy souls. The canon made the astounding statement that Protestant Dissenters have neither altar, priest, nor sacrifice. We say yon are wrong, canon. Christ's cross at Calvary is our altar; Christ on the cross is our sacrifice, "offered once for all in the end of the world for the putting away of sins;" our priest is that Great High Priest who had ascended to the heavenly temple, and ever liveth to make intercession for us. Our priest is not made after the law of a carnal commandment, as are the priests which in error Canon Green would urge upon as; oar priest is made after the power of an endless life. We are well off for a priest. Read about him in the Hebrews. The canon says the last object for which Dissenters meet is to worship God. Did I sot know that Canon Greco is the son of a godly and able Congregational minister, and that he was bred under the ministrations of that good man, now in the grave waiting glorious resurrection, I should think the canon was deficient in information. But knowiDg the canon's breeding I can only account for this statement by believing that Canon Green's tongue became an unruly mem ber, defied the reins of reason and ran away. I beg to assure Canon Green that we Ring, pray, and reverently listen to the Scriptures and the eeraion in order to glorify God, and we combine therewith a desire that the sen ice may make us strong to overcome temptation and serve God. On this point the canon is in perfect delusion. The Archbishop of Canter bury at her coronation caused the Queen to swear "that she would maintain the Protes plainly the Anglican is a Protestant Church. and Mr. Green a Protestant minister. Yet he attacks the great Protestant principle of private judgment. It sufficed to refer him for answer to Chillingwall, one of the brightest ornaments of the English Church. The great Apostle missionaries did not believe Mr. Green's doctrines about the Church, and the Sacraments, and the mediating priests. The Apostles and the early Christians were not exactly like any modern body of Christians. They were more like Congregationalists, Baptists, and Presbyterians than any other. Prelacy and Popery were unknown to the Apostles, at scholars of the profoundest lean ing declare, viz.., Neander and Pressense. We contend for the grand Christianity and rational church organisation of the primitive Christians. If Dissenters are to be judged by typical books we will not take John Bunyan's "Pilgrim's Progress''and " The Imitator of Christ." We will take the New Testament, which the Roman Church, to which belonged the writer of the Imitation, has ever kept from the people. We tell our people to take the New Testament, which is brimful of Christ, and it will guide them to the celestial city. We say, take God's own book and ask His Holy Spirit to guide. If Mr. Green's Catholic body has any better book, let him tell us. The canon represented his peculiar views as if they were the undoubted voice of the Prayer book and the belief of the whole English Church. But the Low Church party deny his theory, and have proved at law that the Prayer-book allows them to believe something very different. Then there are the Broad Church, of which party the sainted Dean Stanley—loved of the whole nation, Christians, Jews, and infidels— was so eminent a member. So that it appears that the Prayer-book has three voices, and that Canon Green's school of thought is not identical with the whole Church of Bugland But these are the views of the Ritualist party, which has reached great sway. They are essentially Romish, and are the high road to Rome. Mr. Green rejects much of the Romish doctrine and discipline, but still his doctrine has a dangerous tendency to take English people into the net of the fisherman. Jno. Henry Newman believed Mr. Green's doctrines; but that mighty intellect, that sincere heart, was driven by logic and conscience to see that the only fair way to carry out this belief was to enter the Roman communion, vide his " Apologia," and so he renounced the communion of the Anglican Church and bent in the dust before a Roman priest. He was followed by scores of the English clergy, among them that mighty man Cardinal Manning. We have historical ground for fearing such doctrine as the canon's, and I lament to see so able and good a man on so slippery a path. We Protestant Dissenters hold that Christ is the life of men; that He is all our salvation; that while ministers, and sacraments, and artificial churches have their use, yet every soul has direct access to the dear Saviour who said—Come onto Me. We believe that no man is out of the Catholic Church who loves the Lord Jesus in sincerity, and that no man is in it who is destitute of love to Christ. This is our watchword of unity and of Christian brotherhood—"Grace be with all them who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth." 