AN EXTRAORDINARY GHOST STORY. The following story was told by Mr. Butler, a barritter, of London, to Lady BLmfield : — Mr. Butler, when a boy at Harrow, contracted a most intimate friendship with another lad. They worked, they waited, they played to gether; and in ordn- still more solemnly to emphasise their friendship, they one day cut a hole each in the other's arm, and signed a paper each in the other's blood, binding the one that died first to appear to the survivor in person at the moment of his decease. After leaving Harrow, however, the lads saw but little of each other. Their lives lay far apart; the friend went out to India, Mr. Butler to college, and then to the English bar. An eager cor respondence was maintained at first, but as years rolled on it slackened, and the friend snip grauuaiiy uieu away, as ooyisa inenusnips will. One wintry day Mr. Butler, oppressed by business, worried and overworked, felt the necessity for a breath of country air, and cold as it was determined to run down to that com fortable little inn, the Wheatsheaf (by 'Vir- ginia Water). That evening he was sitting in the parlor the better to enjoy his pipe, when he was startled by the face of a man looking in at the window. He did not know the face, and yet it seemed to have amysterious attractionf or him. He got up presently, under pretence of relighting the pipe, and passed before the win dow to examine- the face more closely. It re minded him of something, he knew not what — of soceone. Yes, it suddenly flashed across hie mind that was the face, not o*'the boy he had known so well, but of a man *uch as that boy might have grown into, such as he probably would be now (though Mr. Butler had not seen him for yean). Disturbed by this sudden reawakening of old recollections, Mr. Butler spoke to the landlord. 'There's a man looking into the window,' said he. ' Impossible, sir,' was the reply. ' That window only looks into the court, and the gate of thatwas shut an hour ago.' The face had disappeared. Mr. Butler, unsatisfied, resumed his Beat, but could not rest— a strange haunting sense of uneasiness took possession of him ; once more he rose to his feet. ' It is stifling in here,' he said. ' I must go out ; I cannot breathe.' ' You had , better not, eir,'said the landlord, as he opened the door ; ' there's a keen east wind blowing, and you'll catch your death of cold.' Now, the Wheatsheaf is close to the lake, and Mr. Butler, steeping over the threshold, stood looking out across the water. A dark and gloomy night — and as he gazed the 'darkness seemed to grow and gather itself together, deepening into a sort of focus, which appeared to him like the mouth of a tunnel, and as he watched there came out of the tunnel a train, all brilliantly lighted from within by lamps, and aB the train approached he saw in the centre carriage two men engaged in a mortal straggle. One had the other by the throat, and was forcing him backward toward the window. The man thus attacked was resisting with all his might, when sud denly the door of the carriage flew open, and he was hurled violently to the ground, falling at Mr. Butler's feet. Then, bending over the man, Mr. Butler looked into his face, and, be hold ! it was the same face he had seen gazing in at the window, and which had affected him so strangely only a few moments before ! And again, even as he looked, the face had melted into a?r, the lighted train, the tunnel, the body of the victim, all had disap peared, and he stood alone there by the water's edge, in the deep, dark wintry night. With a cry of horror he staggered back into the houee, and in answer to the landlord's anxious enquiries said — ' I am ill — evidently in a high state of fever— delirious. It won't do for me to be laid up here. I must go back to town as fast as I can.' And, late as it was, he went off to tho station, and back by the last train to London. The next morning Mr. Butler awoke, somewhat refreshed by his ex cursion, in spite of the unpleasant associations connected therewith. He found awaiting him some interesting work, into which he plunged, and the incidents of the past night were for gotten. Two days later however they were recalled to his recollection when walking in Piccadilly he saw on the other side of the way a gentleman whom he had known slightly in former days as being the brother of his school boy friend. Mr. Butler crossed over to him at , once, 'What news of Arthur?' he enquired. ' Bad news,' said the other gravely. 'Dead?' said Mr. Butler. A melancholy shake of the head was the only reply. 'Killed? thrown out of a railway train?' continued he ex citedly. 'Too true,' returned the brother, regarding him with undisguised astonishment. 'But how on earth did you know? We ; only received the telegram from India this morning ?' : 