(?-r-.:.-r CUUMm. '? ' Barnes, the Miller. , , Mail' contracts to let. Jonathan Chickweed. Bead concert programme.. Money to lend on good, easy terms; Agricultural implements for sale to-day, by Mr. Simpson. The Englishmen won the Adelaide cricket match by 84 runs. xne Albert .Farls Ghost is to appear on Wednesday night. Return your books to the librarian not later than the 8th instant. FirBt-olass vocal musio for the cricketers' concert on Wednesday night. \ Mr. Dibbs approved of the centenary cele bration proposals of Sir Henry Parkes. See wanted advertisements. Governesses, housekeepers, general servants in denvmd. Store bullocks, 750 head, to be offered at ' Goulburn on next Wednesday by Firilay and Co Before the centenary day arrives, would it not be a good idea to abolish the name of Botany Bay? ^ It is expected that the Marquis of Har . tington will assume a prominent post in the Government. Madame Jenny Lind ? Goldschmidtt, the eminent vocalist, died on Wednesday, after a severe illness, aged 66 years. Astronomers now announce the appear ance of the ' Star of Bethlehem.' after an absence of 316 years. Every living soul is coming in from West Jindalee on Wednesday night to hear the twins. A bouquet is being grown for the occasion. Another body from the wreck of the „ steamer Cheviot was washed ashore on Wed nesday. A portion of the stern of the v vessel is still visible. ? The Country Towns Water and Sewerage Aot Extension Bill has passed the Assembly, and has been sent to the Council. The Albury .Cattle Sale-yards Bill not finished with yet. The Council has re turned it to the Assembly with amendments. The railway line between Wpllongocg and Kiama is to be opened on Wednesday next. It is intended to extend the line into the town of Kiama, if Parliament approves of the plans. Signor Crispi, the Italian Premier, has assured the Turkish Government that Italy has no designs upon Tripoli..' Large shipments of Australian preserved effect of depressing the home markets. An intrigue has been discovered in Paris having for its object the overthrow of M. Eouvier, the French Premier, in favour of M. de Freycinet. An Australian digger has discovered gold at Landeritzland, South Africa, in quanti ties which give every promise that the field will be a payable one. .President Cleveland, in replying to an address from the British Peace Arbitration i Committee, said that America would gladly welcome the advent of peaceful methods of settling national disputes. . The directors of the Bank of England have suggested a plan for carrying out the scheme of Sir F. Dillon Bell, dealing with the ques tion of the payment to the colonies of un claimed dividends belonging to colonists. A violent gale raged over the greater part of England and Ireland for several hours on Tuesday last, oausinggreat damage to pro perty and loss of life in various parts of the country. The President of the Board of Works, London, in reply to the deputation which waited on him on the 28th ultimo, has writ ten expressing regret at the present position of the unemployed, but stating that the board were unable to provide work. The Zulu chiefs, Dinizulu and Undabuko, have refused to meet Sir Arthur Havelock, Governor1 of Natal, who left Pietermaritz bttrg a few days ago with a body of troops to restore order. Troops have been sent for ward to Dinizulu's retreat, and fighting is expected. The French Resident in Madagascar has been 'worsted in the dispute with the Hova Government regarding the granting of an ? exequatur to the American consul at Antan anarivo, and on account of which the French Eesident at one time threatened to suspend relations with the Hovas. 1 Would the Dodger explain what he means, in hfe article, on the Land Bill! by Mr. Gar :,;\'' rett's '? improvement measure.' Again what *' * did the ' Minister for Education' mean by usurping the funotions of his brother ' Justice' in dealing with the gaol question at Yass? , ? The Dodger tries to kill that diseustinc and blackguardly print of the Bathurst Plains : yet he himself travels, all the way. to England to ferret out a sensational and pru rient oase for the edification of his readers : and in Wednesday's issue he openly swears by his patron saint ! while he is.constautly ? sheering at parsons and. other people who make any profesoion of religian. His version of the flirting business on that hundred miles journey is all very well by itself ; but there is another side to the story. It.appears that when at the Goulburn ball he himself became \- smitten of that 'piercingly pretty' young lady of some 20 summers, and he wished to be her guardian aDgel on the railway trip ! \- His heart almost leapt into his mouth when , he found that he was able to travel in the same carriage as his 'piercingly pretty' friend : but his movements were duly noted. And — horror !— that long bearded minister must actually cut him out ! The joke in flirting was perpetrated purposely to tease the triangular whiskered gentleman from Cootamundra, and it afforded much arause -meutto note how he writhed and bit his lips with, jaundice becaupe of the favour whioh was shown towards the long bearded, odious horrible, married-man minister J Such a rich practical joke. deBeriea to be preserved, 