' FLAREUPjBULPirT.' 'TO THE EDITOR. Sir — Supposing any one Bhould cry out in your giand crowded Exhibition, ' Flare up, Bulpitt,' I wonder how many to whom it was a well-known catchcry would prick up their ears tne same as our popular cooee always brings a response all over the world where Australians are about? At the theatre, racecourse, or any large assembly about forty-five years since it was very popular, I remember going to a barnlike building in Gilles-arcade, I think it waa then named, which was the apology for a theatre before Solomon built his near the same locality. It would hold, I suppose, about 300 people, and altogether was a most wretched affair, but was well patronised by the whalers, shearers, shepherds, &c;, who came to town to be lambed down. The night I and some friends found oursalves there there was a most sensational piece on the boards, plenty of murder, love, raid fight ing, but it finished up with about vhe most wonderful ghost I ever saw. On the stage waa a tall tombstone, and behind this a chair. The gbest was acted by a very tall man dressed in a Bheet, and he rose and rose from behind the tombstone^ and then gradually ascending on the chair he rose and rose amidst cries of ' Flare up, Bulpitt,' from all the house till he could rise no more, for his head touched the ceiling. It was wonder ful, and all the audience got on the forma which were the only Beats, till some wicked people at the back gave a great shove, and there was a general capaizs. In B.undle-street in those days lived a man named Bulpitt, who kept a kind of ' omnium gatherum' store, and he was so far-Eighted a3 to know the value of advertising in the news papers. I am sorry that my memory is not good enough to remember all the verses, but the following will give an idea and show the origin of this popular cry : — Who keeps the cheapest shop fn town f Who never cheats or does folks brown ? Who sells a pound's worth for a crown? Why, Bulpitt. If any one should bear man sware That Bulpitt don't act on the square, Say it's a bam, an' cry out Flare Up, Bdpitt. I should like some one to try the effect of thia old cry at youi Old Colonists' Memorial Court, and see if it did not stir up the blood of some of the old ones, and perhaps bring forth other reminiscences of olden times. I am, Sir, &c;, Geelong. G. B. W. 