UNDER EALSE PRETENCES. ? CHAPTER IX.—[Continued.) ELIZABETH'S WOOING. A NOVEL, BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jacobi's Wife," " Martin DereriTs Diamond," &c.; They were standing on opposite sides of a small table, on whioh the portfolio of drawings rested. Percival was holding up one side of the portfolio, and she was placing the sketches one by one npon each other. " Do yon know what you look like?" said Percival, suddenly. There was a thrill of pleasurable excitement in his tone, a glow of ardour in his dark eyes. " You look like a tall white lily to-night, with your white dress and your gleaming hair. The pure white of the petals and the golden heart of the lily have found their match." " I am recompensed for the trouble I took in changing my dreBS this evening," said Elizabeth, glancing down at it complacently. " I did not expect that it would bring me BO poetic a compliment. Thank you, Percival." "' Consider the lilies; they toil not, neither do they spin,'" quoted Percival, recklessly. "Why should you toil and spin ? —a more beautiful lily than any one of them. If Solomon in all his gloty was not equal to those Judean lilies, then I may safely say that the Queen of Sheba would be beaten outright by our Queen Elizabeth, with her white dress and her golden locks !" " Mrs. Heron would say you were profane," said Elizabeth, ^tranquilly. "These comparisons of yours don't please me exactly, Perciral; they alwajs remind me of the flowery leaders in some of the evening papers, and make me remember that yon are a journalist. They have a professional air." " A professional air 1" repeated Percival in disgust. He let the lid of the portfolio fall with a bang upon the table. Several of the sketches flew wildly over the floor, and Elizabeth turned to him with a reproachful look, but she had no time to protest, for in that moment he had seized her hands and drawn her aside with him to a sofa that stood on one side of the room. "You shall not answer me in that way," he said, half-irritated, half-amused, and wholly determined to have his way. " You shall sit down there and listen to me in a serious spirit, if you can. No, don't shake your head and look at me BO mockingly. It is time that we understood each other, and I don't mean another night to pass over , our heads without some decision being arrived at. Elizabeth, you must know that yon have my happiness in your hands. I can't live without you. I can't bear to see you making yourself a slave to everybody, with no one to love you, no one to work for yon and save you from anxiety and care. Let me work for you now, dearest; be my wife, and I will see that you have your proper place, and that yon are tended and cared for as a woman ought to be." Elizabeth had withdrawn her hands from bis; she even turned a little pale. He fancied that the tears stood in her eyes. " Ob," she said, " I wish you had not said this to me, Percival." It was easy for him to slip down from his low seat to a footstool, and there, on one knee, to look full into her face, and let his handsome dark eyes plead for him. "Why should I not have said it?" he breathed softly. " Has it not been the dream of my life for months?—I might almost say for years ? I loved yon ever since you first came amongst us, Elizabeth, years ago." " Did you indeed ?" said Elizabeth. A light of humour showed itself through the tears that had come into her eyes. An amused, reluctant smile curved the corners of her mouth. " What, when I was an awkward, clumsy, ignorant, schoolgirl, as I remember you calling me one day after I had done something exceptionally stupid ? And when you played practical jokes upon me—hung my doll up by its hair, and made me believe that there was a ghost in the attics—did you care for me then ? Oh, no, Percival, you forget! and probably you exageratethe amount of your teelingB as much as you do the length of time it has lasted." "It's no laughing matter, I assure you, Elizabeth," eaid Percival, laughing a little himself at these recollections, but looking vexed at the same time. "Iam perfectly serious now, and very much in earnest; and can't believe that my stupid jokes when I was a mere boy have had such an effect upon your mind as to prevent yon from caring for me now." " No," said Elizabeth. They make no difference; but—I'm very sorry, 41 Percival—I really don't think that it would do." " What would not do ? what do you mean ?" eaid Percival, frowning. " This arrangement; this—this proposition of yours. Nobody would like it." " Nobody could object. I have a perfect rieht to marry if I choose, and whom I choose. I am independent of my father." " You could not marry yet, Percival," she said, in rather a chiding tone. " I could—if you would not mind sharing my poverty with me. If you loved me, Elizabeth, you would not mind." " I am afraid I do not love you—in that way," said Elizabeth, meditatively." " No, it would never do. I never dreamt of such a thing." " Nobody expects you to have dreamt of it," rejoined Percival, with a short laugh. "The dreaming can be left to me. The question is rather whether you will think of it now—consider it a little, I mean. It seems to be a new idea to you—though I must say I wonder that you have not seen how much 1 loved you, Elizabeth. I am willing to wait until you have grown used to it. I cannot believe that you do not care for me. You would not ue so cruel; you must love me a little—just a very little, Elizabeth." " Well, I do," eaid Elizabeth, smiling at his vehemence. " I do love you—more than a little—as I love you all. You have been so good to me that 1 could not help caring for you—in Bpite of the doll and the ghost in the attic.'' Her smile grew gravely mischievous as she finished the sentence. " Oh, that iB not what I want," cried Percival, starting up from his lowly position at her feet. " That is not the kind of love that I am asking for at all." " I am afraid you will get no other," said Elizabeth, with a ring of sincerity in her voice that left no room for coquetry. "I am sorry, but I cannot help it, Percival." " Your love is not given to any one else?" he demanded, fiercely. " You have no right to ask. But if it is a satisfaction to you, I can assure you that have never cared for any one in that way. I do not know what it means," said Elizabeth, looking directly before her. "I have never been able to understand." "Lttme make you understand," murmured Percival, his momentary anger melting before the complete candour of her eyes. " Let me teach you to love, Elizabeth." She was silent—irresolute, as it appeared to him. " You would learn to love very easily," said he. " Try—let me try." "I don't think I could be taught," she answered slowly. "And really I am not sure that 1 care to learn." " That iB simply because you do not know your own.heart," said Percival dogmatically. *' Trust me, and wait awhile. I will have no answer now, Elizabeth, I will ask you again." "And suppose my answer is the same?" "It won't be the same," said Percival, in a masterful sort of way. " You will understand by-and-by." She did not see the fire in hiB eyes, nor the look of passionate yearning that crossed his face as he stood beside her, or she would scarcely have been surprised when he bent down suddenly and pressed his lips to her forehead. She started to her feet, colouring vividly and angrily. " How dare you, Percival ?" she began. Bat she could not finish the sentence. Kitty called her from, the other loom. Kitty's face appeared; and tbe curtain was drawn aside by an unseen hand with a great clatter of rings upon the pole. "Where have you been all this time?" said she. "Isabel wants you, Lizzie. Per cival, Mr. vivian talks of going." Elizabeth vanished through the curtain. Percival had not even time to breathe into her ear the "Forgive me" with which he mewt to propitiate her. He was not very penitent for bis offence. He thought that he was. sure of Elizabeth's pardon, because he thought himself sure of Elizabeth's love. But, as a matter of fact, that stolen kiss did not at all advance his cause with Elizabeth Murray. 'He did not see her again that night—a fact which sent him back to his lodging in an illsatisfied frame of mind. He and Vivian shared a sitting-room between them ; and, on their return from Mr. Heron's, they disposed themselves for their usual smoke and chat. Bnt neither of them seemed inclined for con vereation. Rupert lay back in a long loung ing chair; Percival turned over the leaves of a new publication which had been, sent to him for review, and uttered disparaging comments upon it from time to time. " I hope all critics are not so hypercritical as you are," eaid Vivian at last, when the volume had finally been tossed to tbe other end of the room with ah exclamation of disgust. " Pah ! why will people write such abominable stuff?" said Percival. " Reach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays'behind you; I must have sometbiDg to take the taste out of my mcuth before I begin to write," Vivian handed him the book, and watched him with some interest as he read. The frown died away from bis forehead, and the mouth gradually assumed a gentler expression before he had turned the first page. In five minutes he was so much absorbed that he did not hear the question which Vivian addressed to him. " What position," said Rugert, deliberately, does Miss Murray hold in your father's house ?" Eh? what? What position?" Away went Percival's book to the floor ? he raised himself in his chair, and began to light his pipe, which had gone out. " What do you mean ?" he said. " Is she a ward of your father's ? Is she a relation of yours ?" " Yes, of course ahe is, said Percival," rather resentfully. "She is a cousin. Let me see. Her father, Gordon Murray, was my mother's brother. She is my first cousin, and Cinderella in general to the household," he added, grimly. " Oh, Gordon Murray was her father ? So I supposed. Then if poor Richard Luttrell had not died I suppose she would have been a sort of connection of my sister's. I remember Angela wondered whether Gordon Murray had left any family." 'Why?" ' Why ? You know the degree of relationship and the terms of the will made by Mrs. Luttrell's father, don't you ?" "Notl." "Gordon Murray—this Miss Murray's father—was next heir after the two Luttrells, if they died childless. Of coarse, Brian is still living; but if he died, Miss Murray would inherit, I understand." " There's not much chance." said Percival, lightly. " Not much," responded Vivian. They were interrupted by a knock at the door. The landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which had been left at tbe bouse during their absence, and which she had forgotten to deliver. It was addressed to Vivian, who tore it open, read it twice, and then passed it on to Percival without a word. It was from Angela Vivian, and contained these words only— "Brian Luttrell isdead." 