EXCOMMUNICATION BY THE POPE. TEXT OF THE BULL AGAINST DR. M'GLYNN, P.P. The Philadelphia Evening Item says: — The bull of excommunication which has been issued against Dr. Edward M'GIynn, the late pastor of St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Church, New York, is given here below. It has never been published before, and is taken from the regular document issued from Borne : — By the authority of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, tbe Holy Ghost, and of tne unaeflled virgin Mary, mother of tbe patroness of our Saviour, and of all the celestial virtues, angels archangels, thrones, dominions, powers, cherubim, seraphim, and of all. the holy patriarchs, prophets and of all tbe apostles and evan gelists, aud of the holy innocents who in the sight of tbe Holy Lamb are found worthy to sing the new song of the boly martyrs and noly confessors, and of tbe holy virgins, nna of all thesaints together, with the holy and elect of God, we ex communicate and anathematise tbis malefactor. Edward M Glynn ; and from the thresholds of the holy Church of God Almighty we sequester him, that be may be tormented, disposed, and delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, and with those who say unto the Lord God, 'De- part from us, we desire hone of Thy wui.a .11 onrl ob .-a nnounklH .nitl, water, so let tbe light be put out for ever more, unless he shall repent ' and make satisfaction.' Amen. May tbe Father, who created man, curse bim ( May the Son, who suffered for ub, curse him ! May the Holy Ghost, who was given to us in baptism, curse him ! May the holy cross, which Christ, for our salvation, triumphing over His enemies, ascended, curse him ! May the holy aud eierual Virgin Mary, mother of God, curse him ! May St. Michael, tbe advocate of holy souls, curse him ! May all tbe angels and archangels, principalities and powers, and all tbe heavenly armies, curse him ! May the praiseworthy multitude of patriarchs aud prophets curse him ! May St. John the Precursor, and St. John tbe Baptist, and St. Peter, and St. Paul, and St. Audrew, and all other Cbrist's apostles, together curse bim ! Aud may the rest of His disciples and four evangelists, who by tbeir preaching converted the universal world, and may the holy and wonderful company of martyrs and confessors, who by their holy works are found pleasing to God Almighty, curse him ! May the holy cboir of the holy virgins, who for the honour of Christ have des pised the things of this world, curse him ! May all the saints who, from the be ginniug of the world to everlasting ages, are found to be beloved of God, carse bim ! May the heavens, aud earth, and all the holy things remaining therein, o.urse him ! May he be cursed wherever be be — whether in the house or the stables, the garden, or the field, or tbe highway, or in tbe patb, or in the wood, or in the water, 01 iu tbe church ! May he be eursed in living, iu dying, in eating and drinking, iu being hungry, in beiug thirsty, in fasting, in sleeping, in slumbering, in waking, in walking, in standing, in sitting, in lying, iu work ing, in resting, ? , ? , aud in blood letting ! May he be cursed in all the faculties of his body ! May he be cursed inwardly aud out wardly ! May be be cursed in tbe hair of his head ! May he be cursed in his brains, and in hie vertex, in his temples, in his forehead, in his ears, in his eye brows, in his cheeks, in bis jaw-bone, in his nostrils, in his foreteeth and grinders, in bis lips, in his throat, in his shoulders, in hiB wrists, in his arms, iu bis bands, in bis fingers, in his mouth, in bis breast, in his heart aud purteuance, aud in bis bottomest stomach ; in bis reins, and iu his groin, in his thighs, in bis ? , aud in his hips, and in his knees, his legs and feet, and toe nails ! Maybe be cursed in all tbe joints and articulations of his members, from tbe top of bis head to the 6ole of his foot ! May tbere be no soundness in him ! May the Son of die Living God, with all the glory of His Majesty, curse bim ! Aud may heaven, with all the powers tbat move therein, rise up against him, and damn him, unless he repent and m«ke satisfaction ! Amen ! So be it ! - bo be it ! Amen ! 