LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. A meeting of persons interested in getting Ver. ,'o i'oStgh-h cricketers to pay a visit to this t wn .tas h1,i. in the C-mneil Chambers, last evening. Mr. A. .1. Slephenson (vice-president of the West Endlt ?ickt Clib) occupied the chair, and there Iwere ten other genth men present. The Chairman evplain,-i the object of the meeting, and read a letter which h" hiad received from Mr. J. Parlane, secretary of the Queensland Cricket Association, stating that that holdy was making arrangements with the Me'bouroe Cricket Clubh for a visit of Ver non's tant to Queenseland. If they came they wouid, probahbly, come about the end of January or the beginting of February next, and. in order to be in aposition to make definite proposals, the asneocia tiona would like to know what terms the Ipewich crick.-ters would he prepared to offer for a two days' match, and suggested a lump sum in addition to the expeos, s of the team to and from Ipswich. As the time was shott an early answer as to the days that would suiot the Ipswichites, was requested. The Chairman referred to the previous meetings which had been called for unsuitable evenings, and said that their gathering, on that occasion, was rather nfor tunate, for many gentlemen, who would otherwise have been present, could not attend. However, he had seens one or two non-players who were admirers of criket, and they had pramised their support. A long discussion then ensued upon the matter, the cost of the undertaking coming in for a good deal of consideration. It was estimated that £100 or a little snore-incloding a guarantee to the association of £50-would cover the expenses in con nection with Sthe whole affair. It appeared to he the opinion of those preseut that there would be no diffi-. culty absout raising that amount, one way of getting past of that sum being by issuaing £1 Is. tickets, which would entitle the holderto take two ladies on ,he gr uld and grand stand during the match. Eventually it was decided that a commitsee should he appointed to cans ..ss and ascertain the amount of public support whichl would ibe given to Vernon's team if ths y visited Ipswich, and it was further re. solved to request Messrs. J. J. Wells. J. White, A. lMacfarlane, C. A. Morris. 0. J. Wilkins, C. Camp. bheil, J. Campbell (Goodnan), H. C. Gimsonaa (Goodna), G. A. Dyer (Loidley), and C. J. Hunt (Marburg) to act as a canvassing committee. Some discussion ensued ab at the groud, and it was understood that thie match should be played on the cricket r serve at North Ipswich, and Meessrs. C. Martin, S. Harrison, H. Dalton, W. M'Murdy, and D. Watso, were ap. pointed to insepct and reportthereupon. Themeet ing was thou adjourned till Thursday evening next. We would again draw the attention of our readers to the meeting, this evening, in the Congregational Church, Brishane-.street, when Mr. Albert Spicer. of London, will give as address on " Mission Work in India, and in the East end of London." Mr. Spicer iso a representative from England to the Con gregational Church in the colonies, but persons of all dnaominations are invited to give him an Ips wich welcome this evening. The Venerable George Wright, who was the first Congregational Minister in Brisbane,. will take the chair at 8 o'clock. A collection will ihe taken for the London Missionary Society, of which Mr. Spicer is the hon, treasurer. Mr. P. O'Sullivan was up at Esk yesterday-as a visitor to the races, of course ; not to test the political pulsometer in that part of Stanley. Still, we saw a requisition in couras of signature for future presentation to him, asking him to stand for Stanley at the next election. The list of names was headed by that of Mr. J. H. M'Connel, of Cesesbrook, and Mr. G. C. Taylor, of Bellevue,. had the requisition then in custody. Mr. O'Sullivan was likewise hardd to express an opinion ou the quiet that, from the feel. isty on S/te course (or rather, perhaps, if that wsas to be taken as a criterion of the electorate), no one else would have a ghost of a show. Others, of course, may think differently, for some prominent men re fused to bind themselves by signing it, and other candidates are talked of. Mr. W. R. North, Mr. O'Sullivan'p colleague at the last election, was also heard to declare that he teres going to contest the Laidley side against all-comers. Last evening the Ipswich Social and Dramatic Soei,.ty, who have been somewhat quieacent of late, assureed themsteives and a number of guests that their vitality was not extinct. for they gave asamoke con. cert to an apple dative audiencein the Western Star Ledge's halt at the foot of Limestone Hill. Mr. W. J. D. onaley's solo, The Gauntlet," the first on the list, was well sung, and Mr. M. S. Smith's recital of " Theo R,,maee of thit Prairie Bell" was likewise very faveurably received. "Smile once again," hy Mr. J. White. evoked considerable approval. Mr. Jeffery's solo, " Hear the wild winds blow," was loudly applauded. Then cname a really excellent item, a duet (piano and violsn-" Madame Ang6t") betaween Mr. J. J. Wells and Mr..W. U. Gardner, and it narrowly eescaped an encore. A quartette by Messro. Dcazeley, Neild, Gardner, and Jeffery ap pealed so forcibly to the audience that an encore could not hie denied, and a verse was re-saunag in even better style. The well-known reeita. tion "lances hil," in which the cook plays so im postant a part, was capitally given by Mr. G. B. Gill. Mr. R. Newman next favoured the company with a pi tuofs,te solo in commendable style. Mr. Neild, of course, had ao embargo laid on his ever. welcone services. and lhe gave. as he can, that sweet song "Tell her I love her so." An encore was in ceitahle, and was responded to by the repetition of a verse. Mr. Deaz.ley was in very fair voice, and his " Romanav Laos" was a creditable effort. Messes. W. J. Colliias tnd J. J. Wells then related, per favour of violin and piano, the old and evergreen story of " Horse, Sweet Home." Mr. Collins's play. ing is no well known and so uniformly good that it is almost unnecessary to say that when Mr. Wl'clls's valuable aid was associated with it, the talented pair received and merited an enthusiastic recall, which was responded to. The quartette already mentioned were heard to great advantage in " liush thee, my baby." Mr. Jeffery next sang " The old brigade" in first-class fashion-in fact, his rendition of this item was a great improve ment on his previous essay. Mr. M. S. Smith proved hiimself a tip-top all-round man by his really good dincing; and thanus the programme was ended. Dr. Channing Neill briefly proposed a vote of thanks to the quartette party, to Mr. Wells, Mr. Collins, and to all who had in any way assisted to make the evening pass soagreeably. This was passed not only ssra cont., but also with cheers and musical honours. Mr. J. White briefly returned thanks for the con. pliltett, anud mentioned, en jrassant, that several additions to the hall were projected, and that then the trusteesa-of whom he was one-would be in a fasvouralle position to treat with any overtures for aecommodation that the society might make. The singing of " Auld Lang Syne" and a verse of the National Anthem terminated one of the most sauc cessful entertainments ever given by the society, n-hit, by the way, desire to record their thanks to Mr. H. M'Niven (of Beale and Co.), through whose foretihought they were enabled to secure the advant age of having a good Hapsburg for the evening, For some time past representationsa have been made to the Trafli Matager with the object of getting a otoppitg-pla,:e along the railway.line between Roaewo d and Calvert. As is ustul with the d.lpartment, whon the request is at all a reason aisle ont. it. hea heen complied with, for a siding ciill ie provided : t the Thirty-seven-mile Peg, and n-ill he known it future as Lanefield, A commons lion to Mr. 4. Late, of Rtosewood. from Mr J. F. Thallon, after canveying the foregoing information. goeaon to say-" It appeare, however, none of the permassent cay mes live near the platform. and it 0-ill he impossihls, therefore, to provide a light, In toat case. I propose to stop only those trains which pass during day-light-sriz., the 5"40 e.m. and 4"10 p m. trains from Brisbane, and the 10-50 a.m. train from Grandehester to Brisbane." Fhis stopping p'ace will supply a long-felt want. and will no doubt he highly appreciated by the residents in the locality. Ws have been requested to state that a lnatic escaped from tSie Sandy Gallop asylum yesterday. lsha name is Pearen Ryan, and he speaka with an Irish accent. He is 5ft. 10in. in height, and had on a felt hat. Scotch-twill shirt, and Slacher hoots, ShoatIl any person know af the unfortunate indi. vidual's whsvsabouts, the superintendent of the in stitutioan motianed would feel ebliged if heor she would c ssmtuuicate witis hith The usual weekly meeting of the Parliamentary Close wae h,.st, in thsoCouncil Chambers, on Tuesday , vetitg la-t. The t'remier moved the adjournment of tite House till the second Tuesday in February s-x-. T'i.e eadsr of the Opposition questioned the Gsv,rtmest a. t the intentions of the Ministry re 'ht- IL.sst-l li -t-,i their Miuise.'rial existence. Tise Pr vser - pI -t ,e-.ste length, when tha leadec of toe opy- sctiss eho isao that the Ihose w-old meet -s-s?: -r- i-t wititsst a programme. A leegthy de , e .d alt-v wse.i-s tie li-tse aijvurned, by soy .f 5s".,'vtti,,st -etsl the -eond Tuesday in frltruvry, laSb. Thoe useobers present anbsequentle Iseld a mes-tisg in oo -section with the paoponed banquet for Taeaday next, 