Australian Tales and Adventures. No. THE- TRIPLE GHOST. By Alexander Montgomery 'What d'yo thiak, though, of a. triple ghost?' It was Jack Mwtin who put the question, as he leant over iho tonco of tbehome paddook at Karamilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. Jack — bis looal capacity of.stookman to tha oontre.ry notwithstanding^was a gentleman; there aould be no doubt of that. Good cduoa tion — good manners — good heart— but not tbat important something wbioh is so tersely yolept ballast,' nnd for laok of whioh— to carry lUC UgUftC lUUUCA— tuu uagvojr UI vuutv o existence had suffered greivous and repeated damage, if not aotual shipwreck. Bat, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom givon to these flighty souls to toko tbo world more easily, than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, ' yarning' there, tnat morning, with an old blue shirt on biB baok and an arohaia ' oabbage-troo ' over his good-natnred oonntenance, was as oheerful as if ho had not been the son of an arietooratio Lincolnshire reotor, and brother to half-a-dozen high-bred young women in far-away England. If Jaok was cheerful, however, his story was not, and tha smile of inoredulity upon the faces of his listeners soon gave way to tbat look of breathless fixity which tolls of tho power of the born raconteur. All this wns Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I can testify that tho etory mode a doep impression on mo at the time. It may not likewise affeot you, but at anyrate here it is. - ? - 'ItwaBBix years ago,' said Martin, and just after I'd bad that oropper over tbo wire fence at Carmiobael's on thelGoulburn. As I've told you before, I was pretty well smashed up on that occasion, and as soon as. I oould be moved I was sent down to tbo hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate tbat astonished tbe dootors — who, between our selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month 1 wae able to get abont again pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow who had oome into a bit of money while he was working with me on Cnrmi ohnel's station. Either a Swede or a Nor wegian ho was — with Halk Bjorren for his name. A deoidedly queer fish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and so, as ho and I had been pretty friendly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. I knew his plaoo was on the ooast, and I thought a spell in tho sea-air would be just tbe thing for me. ' Well, to out matters short, another week found me about a hundred miles up to the northward, at a placo oallcd— I think— Whandamo. Thai's something like it, any how ; and it don't matter muoh, for it was a miserable dog-hole enough — stuok in the middle ol a ecrub-oovered flat, bordered on ono side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a milo off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domi ciled in a hut tbat looked au if it bad been built from the timbers ol a wreok. As in deed, perhaps it bad, for there had been a good few ships driven ashore thereabouts, from timo to timo, and theWhandamo peqpla bad some ourious tales about the ghosts 'of tbo drowned, and so forth. At these, of oourse, I laughed — bat not for long 1 ' I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti tious, but before a weak went over my head I got tho biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. 'Woll, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though ha omitted the trilling formality of saying that I was welcomo, ho made mo feci it, whioh was better. Indeed, he was a man who never said much at any time— a strange, tall, lanky, long-noecd, wide-eyed creature, who always suggested to me a sort of Scan dinavian version of Lytton's Ricoabocca, and who waB not without a fair share of Ricoa boooa's learning either. I know ho was well rend, in the olassies, for ono thing. Indeed if it had not been for hiB books, I don't know what he'd have done with himeelf. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but mooning about the shore, and, as be didn't volunteer any information on tho point, I didn't ask him any questions. ' A dreary shore it was ; nothing but sand and scrub as far bb tbe eye could reaoh. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire ; but, as you may guess, I didn't like it any the worse for tbat, and so for a couplo of days I wandered about, thinking of old times, and trying to fanoy that if I topped the sand hills I should see tbo spire of Linooln Cathe dral looming far across the fens. ' Well, I think it was tbe fourth night I'd been at the plaee, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like — ? but that's what everybody gushes about, so I'll just let it. alono. I will say, though, that when sho was fairly up it was eaBy to seo that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincoln shire air at anyrate. I was always fond of speculating about the mooD, and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing 'steadily at her big red orb, when tbero suddenly rang out bohind me a shriek so blood-curdling tbat I started violently and dropped tbe gun into a pool of sea-water. Nor did I think ofpieking it up, for when I turned round, I saw a sight that drove everything else clean out of my head. Within about three hundred yards ol me, and running in my direotion, was a woman. A small, slight-' framed woman, she seemed, with long, dark olothes and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along tbo Baud as sho ran. Nol — Bhe was a tall woman, with a white dross, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No 1 I said to myself a scoond time — wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senBos wero leaving me— as I now saw no woman at all, but a man, within a hundred yards of mo and still running on. A tall roughly- dressed man, with what appeared to be a tomahawk in his left band — I enw his face distinctly — white as death and fringed with a ragged beard tbat blew over bis shoulder as bo oame. 'Helplessly I gazed at him, until when be was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quiokly shifted tbe tomahawk from his left band to his right. Tbat broke tbo spell I There wae something so natural aud human in the nation tbat my wits came baok to me in a moment, nnd down I stooped for the gun. I oouldn't shoot with it now, I know, but I oould use it as a alub. Well, boys, I didn't have to ubo it at all. When I Btood up with it grasped by tbe muzzle in both hands — the man was gono I' — and Jaok, with true dramatio art, oame here to a dead pause nnd began slowly to out up tobacoo. ' Gono ?' I asked. 'Run away again, do you mean?' ' No, sir 1 Gone 1— disappeared 1— van- ished 1' 'Gome, oomo, Jack!' I said, laughing. ' That's tho stereotyped sort of thing, you know I You should nave finished things off with more originality 1' ' Don't it strike you,' said Jaok, gravely, that it's just bcoauso I'm telling tho truth that I haven't finished off, as you say, in a loss storeotyped manner ? Wero I stuffing, you, as we say hereabouts, nothing woula have beta easier than io give mailers a mora original turn.' ' Perhaps you had some ' haru Btuff ! with you, and saw double?' said Billy Anderson, - the red nosed little ooolr, who was a thirsty soul, and spoko aaoording to his lights. ' Siw treble, you mean I' put iu tlio storo man, who was. the wit of the station — ' though that's but c. base meinuatiou.' Martin shook his head. 'Noboy8,'ha - ? said. ' Strange to say, 1 hadn't at that time tasted auy l'quor for over four months. If I ? wasn't downright out of my mind for about' thirty seconds— for it all passed in that time —I saw rxaotly what I tell you, audc-xaotly as I to'l yos.' ' Was there nothing that oould havo eon ooaD.d the figuro ?'' I aBkcd. '-Nothing. Flat as tho palm of your band for half a milo on every Bide of me. But hear mo out I' and, having lighted his pipe, Jaok hitobod himself further upon tho fence and went on — 'I oannot desoribe to you how I felt. It seumod to- rao as if the whole scene around mo had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. . - The very moon seemed to have ohanged into „ some awful thing — some fearful. personality, ' . if you understand mo— that kept glaring downwards .on me as I made tho best of my - way back to tho hnt. '? Hero I saw something that wasn't at all calculated to Btcndy my nerves. Bjorren was asleep, nnd apparently dreaming — Boma awful ? dream, by the look of bim. His hsir — very long and shaggy it was— was teased all about tho pillow, and his faca was streaming with pcri-piration. He kicked about, too, and struggled, and at lnBt be cried ont something tbat made me start onoe more. 1 Tha axe I ' bo said — 1 the tomahawk I My God I she's down!' I wont over and ehook him till be woke. ' What's the matter, old man ? ' I said. ' Have you been dreaming ?' He fat up, shud dering and wiping tbe damp from bis faoe. ' Dreaming I ' ho said. ' Yes, thank God it was only a dream I ' Then, when be had oome - round a bit, be told me his dream ; and — you may believe mo or not, lads, anid Jack, Blowly and deliberately—' but this is what he told mo.' ' He thought first, he said, tbat be saw far baok into the early times of tbe oolony,.and that three persons, a man nnd_ two women, ccoupicd the vory hut wo wero in. It seemed to be known to him at tbe same time that theso were tbe sole survivors of a ehipwreok, and tbat the man bad built tho but. out of wreckage. Tho man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attachment to tho younger of tbe two womea, and thus aroused the deadly . jealousy of the other, who was his wife. .ADd now; ns the dreamer saw them, a quarrA arose. A quarrel whioh grow more and more ravage, until tho injnrcd wife snatched np a knife and attacked her rival, wbo rushed scroaming out of the hut. Across the moonlit sands she fled — after her tho maddened, avenger with a knife, and after her in turn tho faithless hUBband with a tomahawk,' ' IUpidly the second gained upon the first, and the third upon both, until the hunted woman was overtaken, and throw herself ? down upon her knees, screaming wildly for mcroy. She did not receive it I The fury ' with the knife flung herself upon her rival, and, holding her down by main strength — oat ber throat I It was the work, of a moment, but, before tbo murdoress could rise to her feet again, tho husband arrivod upon the spot, and, shifting tbo tomahawk from his left' hand to his right, he drove it fieroely into hiB wife's skull. Down she went beBide her victim, and lay there as motionless — and as dead — as a log. Tbe man, too, remained as motionless, after he had struck the blow, as if be had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that is ; then bo flung the toma hawk far away across the sand, and, taming round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, franlia with horror and remorse,' climbed upon the roof, made a line last to the rude ohimney, and hung himself 1 ' Suoh was Bjorren's dream,' went on Jaok, after a pause, ' and I leave you to guess what effect it bad upon me, oomiDg after what I'd seen. Aud what was more, lads, when morn* ing came wo examined the outsido of the ohimney, and found, euro enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-iooh made fast around it. It might have been tbe remains of tbo line tbe murderer banged himself with, or it might not. You can form your own opinion; all I know is tbat I've doBoribed the matter exaotly as it ooourred, and that I cleared out of the accursed plooa that very day. As for Bjorren, oonoludcd Jack, getting down off the fence to depart, ' bo may be there yet, for all I know. He was just the sort of chap to suit suoh ghostly work, but ono such flight in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I oan't bear the sight ol the full moon.' This was true ouough. We had all notioed and laughad at tho peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner deBoribed is a point whioh I have never — whatever you, reader, may do — been able to settle to my own Bntisfaotion. A subsequent ooourrenee, however, induoed me to think it possible tbat the whole story was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling — though we knew it not— on the verge of insanity. Nor is (his supposition invalidated by the art wish whioh tbe tale was (old, Binoe it is_ a matter of common expericnoo that lunatias will sometimes exhibit, in somo partioular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of tho sane. ^ In tho month of February '75, or about fourteen months aftor hearing tho story I have hore roproduoed, I was on my way to the Wannamilla oountry, in Queensland, and bad got as far as Jclligsp, on the Maadonald River. Just beforo dark, I was smoking my pipe. at the door of tho littlo hotel, whon two troopers galloped into tbe township and pulled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a bard ride, and there was soon a little crowd round tho hotel door, to know what wbb the matter. Tho genoral opinion inolined to bushrangers, and it was with some thing like disgust tbat the JolligapianB learned it was only a lunatic tha troopers were after. A man on Colonel Masterman's Varuna station had, it appoared, suddenly gone out , of hiB mind, and, after firing twioo at tbe overseer, bad mounted his horse and taken to the buck. ' We'ro bound to havo him before morning, though,' said one ol tho constables. 'Ho was seen taking the track to Donnolly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to bim.' And so it proved. About eight next morn ing the trooperB rode into the township again with the lunatia — Btill on his own borse, but bound and handcuffed — between tbem. Some thing in the poor oreaturo'sfaoo struok me as beiDg familiar. I went oloser. Good God 1 — it was Jaok Martin 1 'Jaok!' I cried. 'Jaok Martin — you know me, don't you, old fellow ?' Ho '-laughed ohecrfully. 'Oh, yeB,' he said, ' 1 know you quito well. You're tha Angel Gabriel. What have you dona with your wings, though? Exouso my not'raising my hat, but you seo' — with a glance at his bonds— ' there aro serious moohanioal diffi culties in tho way 1' ' Where are you taking him ?' I aBked the troopers. ' Magistrate arid dootors, first, sir- then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum ?' And to Brisbane Asylum poor Jaok went ; but bo didn't stay thora'long. Three weeks afterwards I was in Brisbane, and oallcd to seo him. \~ ' Martin ?' said tho olerk, turning over tbo leavos of tbo book. ' Martin, John. Ah, hero it is J Admitted, 2!) Fobruary; died, 27tli. Four days afterwards, you seo.' I did seo ; and saw, too, that it was bettor BO, 