Items. Ghost Bathurst burr. Weather still dry, Eniovable weather. Seeding being pushed on. Who is it that's playing the ghost ? Dr. Smyth writes better than he talks. The Emperor of Germany is ill again. The last nominations were in yesterday. Cambridge has won the University boatrace. Election in Mount Barker to-morrow week. The old Triple Alliance is said to be restored. Dr. Smyth on the Buna election very amus ing. \Vest Torrens and Slurt elections next Satur day. Eighty-three bodies recovered from the Bulli mine. The Militia will have an encampment at Easter. Prince Bismarck says Peace is absolutely assurred. * The 'desert' seems likely to blossom as the rose. Heavy ram wanted to stay we spread 01 me horse disease. The Hon. T. Playford is well received at Newcastle district Rifle matches on Easter Monday. Bag of flour and other prizes. Welcome to Revs. H. T. Burgess and J. H. Hadley shortly. Farewell to Revs. S. F. Prior and G. E. Rowe last evening. The Government victorious on the Irish [uestion by 09 votes. . I It is said that attempts will he made to upset I he Wallaroo election. I Classfiring to-morrow afternoon. No am- I nunition on the range. I More insurrection in Afghanistan. 12,000 I nen marching on Herat I Mr. Chamberlain is opposed to !»ir. Glad- I stone, still on the Irish question. I Mr. B. F. Longford at great length seeks to I arken tbe memory of a dead man. I The Hon. Dr. Cockburn has been well re- I ceived at Mount Barker and Strathalbyn. 1 Negotiations between Russia and England I on the Afghan frontier question have been re- I suined. I Dr. Cockburn does not press the property tax at Mount Barker. Will the Ministry throw it over ? Hutchens defeated Trinder, at Sydney, by two yards in 13 1. 10 sec., the latter receiving ] four and a half yards starts. Mr. Gladstone demands that the Govern ment measures for Irish land reform shall be produced before the Crimes Bill is voted. The University Boat Race between the Cam bridge and Oxford crews resulted in a victory for Cambridge. They are several Australians on the winning side. Probably the 'desert' was one piece of country which would have sold for 5s. an acre for cash, and now it is proved to {possess splendid water supplies. The first of a series of three matches came between George, of England, and Myers, of America, came off at Sydney on Saturday last, the distance being 1,000 yards. Myers won with ease bv six vards in 2 mio. 18 a.? sec WHEN me acung-rrcnuer was addressing I he electors of Barossa at Gawler some ques- I ions respecting vermin destruction were put to I lim by Mr. J. Paine. These Mr. Bray was mable to answer on the spur of tbe moment, 3Ut he promised to send a reply if Mr. Paine would place the queries before him in writing. This has been done, and the particulars re quested have been given by Inspector S. G. Hubble. The first question was as to whether the Vermin Act contains a clause to the effect that lessees of Crown lands and occupiers of freehold land shall be charged with the cost of vermin parties put on such land by the Go vernment The answer is in the affirmative, clauses 14 and 15 of Act No. 30, of 1879, giving tbe power. The total cost of such parties has been £3,003 19s. 8d. Of this sum £286 19s. has been paid by the occupiers, wbile^:,7i7os. 8d. remains unpaid. Claims amounting in the aggregate to j£6i8 6s. 5d. are now in tbe hands of the law officers of the Crown for collection, all necessary action prior to this having been taken. Claims amounting to £842 13s. Sd. will be sent on to the law officers for a similar purpose on May 10, as schedule C of tbe Act provides. Accounts for the balances owing have been rendered, and will be gazetted as soon as tbe time allowed by the Act (three months from the date of the accounts being rendered) expires. The. 'Desert.' — Some further informa tion respecting the productiveness of the N mery Mile Desert is forthcoming. On Friday Mr. J. H. Baker called at the office of the Conser vator of Forests and placed him in possession Dt some facts relating to t.mu flat, which at the present time will be read with much interest. Mr. Baker resided on the Emu Flat run eight years. He says the rainfall is from 17 to 20 inches per annum, and sometimes 20 inches is exceeded. There are no 'hot winds, and during the summer months there are always heavy dews, and the only drawback is that in the spring the frosts are severe. Four years ago Mr. Baker planted a willow tree on tbe run, and when the conservator saw it lately it was 35 feet high, it branches spread over 40 feet, and its diameter at the base was 16 inches. Mr. Baker also put in some vines four years ago, obtaining them from Mr. Thomas Hardy, of Bankside. They were simply cuttings, and were not watered at all, and two of them at least have now stems 2 inches in thickness, and are really fine plants. On a small piece of ground 10 yards by 15 yards Mr. Baker one season grew 15 cwt. of onions. The ground was well manured, but no water was used. During another season 60 tons of hay were obtained from 40 acres of land. Peach and almond trees which were put in four years ago have done splendidly without watering, lust before he left the station Mr. Baker sowed some melon seeds, and a few months ago a neighboring squatter visited the place and obtained a dray-load of melons. The conservator asked Mr. Baker whether he thought the well on the Emu Flat run would be sufficient for ordinary domestic purposes for 100 men, and received an assur ance that the supply is almost inexhaustible. Mr. Baker has bad as many as 50 men shearing on the run, and tbe consumption did not seem to have any effect on the supplv, which it estimated for the requirements of 400 or 500 men. Tbere are six wells altogether on the run, and all give an excellent supply of water At a moderate depth. 