A Thrilling Mining Story. '?' A man gets somo queer ideas in his head when he's out all alone in the mountains-,' said John Sanderson, an old prospector who hud his headquarters at El Paso, but who makes several incursions into tho mining districts every year. ' Half of them believo in ghosts, nine out of 10 in signs, and about all of them in lu(*k. Mv own experience has chanced mv views in a good many particulars, and, for ono thing, it made me a firm believer in special providences. It didn't come about gradually, but through as marvellous cscapo from an awful death as, I believe, ever falls to men. ' It happened up in tho Mimbres mountains, four years ago this summer. Tho Mimbros lie in New Mc-xico, down below old Fort Tulo Rosa, and they must be full of gold somewhere, because the beds of the creeks that find their way down the sides aro so rich in placer diggings that you can't pull up a sage brush around thero without seeing bright specks among tho roots. I had a pet theory then that if you followed the creeks up high enough and looked cIoeo enough you would find a tremendous deposit of gold in decomposed quartz. I thought, you £ce, tuat a little of it had washed off the surface in tho course of time and formed thoso placers. What I wanted to find was tho mother gold. ' I talked the tiling up to Charley Burke, another p-ospector and friend of mine, until he ag;ncd to put up half tho outfit and join mo in the search. We got a couplo of burros, tho necessary tools, und started early in spring. Tho country about tho Mimbres is about as wUd and desolate us any on earth, and it was a trip that nothing but faith and enthusiasm would prempt a man to attempt. It was one succession of gorges, gulches, and acclivities, all Btrewn with granite boulders from tho size of a man's hand to a four-story block, and often wo were obliged to leave tho watercourso wo were following and made detours that took days at a timo. . ' Tho creek wo followed was almost dry, and wo stopped frequently looking for placers. Wo found no very rich ones, but everywhere there was gold. Sometimes there would bo lots of it in the bottom of the tin cup after we had taken a drink, and sometimes — hero is a ourious thing — it would be floating on tho surface. I will let Eomeono who is better posted in science than I tell why gold now and then floats, but I only knows that littlo flakes of it do, aud a lot of it is lost in sluice-mining that way. As long as we found placers we know that tho main deposit was ahead, so wo pushed along, tired enough, but confident. At last wo camo to a spot' where tho sand waB barren for several day's journey, and then wo began to prospect the country all round. To make a long story short wo struck, a ledgo ono morning with out oioppings that orumpled under my pick, and showed quartz all streaked with yellow threads. ' ' Charlie,' I yelled out, all afiro at once, ' we have struck it.' ' But before wo sunk a shaft wo found some thing eleo that sent our hearts to our mouths. It was an old shaft, back a littlo way and iu a. claim properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. Thero was a notification according to law on ono of tho posts, that Potor Sumnor and Joseph Klautzy had taken possession of the ' Big Six' and dono the legal assessment work. I Eat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to tho shaft and camo back to tell mo that it didn't cover half tho amount neces sary, under tho law, to hold tho property for a year. We measured it, and, suro enough, it was only down about half the required dis unce, so -wo took possession of tho property, chunged its name ts ' Tho Treasury,' and went to work. ' Wo built oursolvcs a rough shanty, riggod up a windlass, and begun to sink. In a few days we were in a formation rich enough to muke a man's head swim, and getting better as wo went down. Wo were both so excited thut wo begrudged the! timo to Bleep uud eat, and we neither of us meditated for an instant giving tho claim up to anybody, assessment work or no assessment work. Whut hud bo come of the two men was a mystery. Thoy had left no traco except tho notification-board and thaft, and it gave mo tho creops now and then to think 'fiat thoy might bo dead. But we were not in a framo of mind to let sentiment interfere with business. ' I suppose wo hud been thero for a couplo of weeks when provisions began to run short. Wo didn't want to both leave tho claim at onco, eo it was finally urranged that Charlie go down to tho creek to a camp about 50 miles away and bring a supply. Ho took both burros and started off. I calculated it would toko him a week to iintko tho trip, and timo hung heavy on my hands. 1 tried to work a littlo on the shaft. The formation was very hard, and wo had rigged up a Fort of cross-bar ladder. I would go down this, fill tho buokot, climb to tho suriaco and pull it up. ' ? ' At about nooii of tho second day after ho' left I 'was startled at what I thought was a man crossing a littlo gulch half a milo away. - I only hnd a view of it between two rocks, and whatever it was it pasted bo quiokly that I was not suro. Howover, I waited for a couplo of hours, and then seeing nothing furthor, con cluded I was mistaken, and I went down into tho shaft. I filled the backet with very heavy ore, climbed up, and had it about half-way raii ed when a man camo walking up tho crock bed towards me. Then I know that I was right before. 'Ho was nn ugly looking customer, big and brawny, with aflat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winohcstor on hin arm. I had a littlo stick that I slipped into the windlass handlo near tho axlo to keep it from turning backward, and, leaving the bucket just whero it was, sus pended halfway up, I started toward tho cabin to get my arms. He covered me with hia re peating rifllo anel ordered mo to halt.' ' ' What are you doing on my claim ?' he said. ' ' I reckon yon can bco,' I replied, putting as good a face on it as I poBsibly could. ' ' You mean you've jumped it, you cursed thief f ' . ''No I don't. Thero waBn't enough to work on it to hold it, and it wub as much mine as anybody's.' ' ' fou lie.' ' Ho looked at mo over the sights with his wicked greenish eyes for full a minute. Then he eaid : ' ' Did you ever pray ?' ' ' Yes,' I faltered. ? ' ' Then pray . now. I'll givo you two minutes to doit.' ? . ' By that time. my mind was olear enough to tako in tho whole situation, and I had no doubt but ho intended to murder mo then and there With me out of the way, there would be no one to testify to tho insufficient work, und I would simply bo regarded, if the story of my death was ever told, as a claim-jumper who had been justly dealt with. I felt my knees begin to trcmblo OLd tried another rruok.' ' ' If you kill mo,' I said, ' my partner will bo back and sec that you haug for it.' '' I'll fix your partner tho samo way, you claim- jumping cur.' ' True enoueh. Nothinsf would be easier than to assassinate Burko on hisroturn, and wo hod so jealously guarded the secret of our trip that no ono would know where to search for us. We would simply disappear, as hundreds of prospectors do, never to bo seen by men again, and speedily to bo' forgotten. I had no hope of mercy from tho instant I looked into tho man's cruel faco. I felt with a sickening qualm and a wild drumming in my cars that my time had come' ? ? ' ' Oh, for heaven's sake, don't murder me,' I cried, ' I will go.' , .'.'?-.. ' Tho man made no reply. For a moment my head swam, and then, with a sudden return of vision that was excruciating in its clearness, I saw him stoop slightly, rest tho gun-barrel over tho windlass handle, and marked oven that slight contraction of the oyclid that always just precedes a shot. The next instant there was a crash, an explosion, and a cry all mingled into one. I saw tho man turning head over heels down tho embankment, tho Winchester flying through a cloud of smoke up into tho air, und all the yhilc heard aloud, monotonous whining noito that was like some gigantic clock running down. ' I did not realise it at the time, but this is what happened : When ho rested his gun acoES the windlass ho dropped tho barrel right across tho littlo stick I had thrust in to prevent it tumbling, and knocked it out. I suppose tho bucket of ore weighed 160 lbs., and the great iron handlo swinging clear around, gained such teirible momentum that it -struck him off his feet like a cannon ball. The gun was discharged by tho shock, but the bullet went nowhere near me. Bofore I regaiued my senses I heard tho bucket strike tho bottom with annusli. . .:.-.? ' '_'? '?'. ' When I picked up the man ho' was nn-. conscious), but moaning u littlo, and the blood trickling out of his cars. His gun was broken. He lay at the cabin for a week or two, and, after Charlie got back we managed to get him to Silver City. There tho doctors puthisfuco in a sort of plaster of paris cast, but, although the wound healed, ho was out of his head, and eventually died. Tho night before ho died ho paEEcd away ho motioned for a slato ho uscd-to write on, ho couldn't speak. Ho was very weak, and it took him a long time, but at last ho scrawled: ;- ?''-'?' '; ' ' ' Whohitme ?' ' ; ''. ? ' ' Bcforo wo could-tell him ho fainted away.' : The mino ? Oh, tho mine pinched out aftor: awhile and disappointed ub. I sold my interest; to Burke, and, 1 think, after working it for a year, he gavo up in disgust and moved awaj.' — ulltxican Taper. ?'. ? . ; 