Father M'Glynn and 1he Papal Excommunication. A great public meeting was hold in New York on Sunday, July 10, at which Father M'Glyun defied the Papal excommunication, and said :-" I learned under the very shadow of the Vatican thattho man who sins against his conscience sins against tho Holy GhoBt, and if any power on earth, even though it bo him who sits enthroned in the Vatican, com- mands a man to do or say aught against his con- science, to obey even that power were to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once-thank God it is no longer-they would im- prison the truth in dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the persons of those who through no fault of their own read God's truths in the facts of society, in the strata of the earth, and upon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanish- ing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the Church, particularly from the Catholic Church. Nowhere is the Church more hated than in the so-called Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal representative at Washington is quite in keeping with the same policy that has led the Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland. An English noodle of a Catholic lord, tho Earl of Denbigh-and you may always mistr»st English Catholics, especially an English Catholic Earl, to outdo any Protestant in his hatred of Catholic Ireland-says that the Popo told him not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, which is well enough, but of his great desire to be of use to England. Of course he could be of great use to England if poor Paddy would bo sub- missive and obey the Pope's bidding in political matters. Why, an alliance between tho Pope and the English capitalists would bo worth millions to the latter, It would be money in their pockets if they were to buy the Italian prelates of the Pope even at ¿6100,000 a head. Tho best way to get any- thing from the Roman machine is to show your teeth rather than be too humble. Prince Bis- marck and the Czar understand this. The Pope is delightod at a little concession from them. The Popo has actually fallen in love with Prince Bismarck. Prince Bismarck is flirting a little with the Pope. They have gob as.far as exchanging pictures. Men who have fougnt for Catholicism have been slapped in the face by the Pope to please Prince Bismarck. So long as the Catholics let the Roman machine, nf which the Pope is the more puppet, do this, that machine will use Paddy in Ireland and the German Paddy and American Paddy as pawns on the political chess- board, to be sold out at any time for what it can get in return." 