Our District CABOOLTURE. March 16th. THERE are three candidates for the vacancy in the Divisional Board caused by the resignation of Mr. Carseldine, namely, Mr. W. H. H. Payne, Caboolture, Mr. James M'Cullagh, Brown's Creek, Mr. A. J. Wylie, North Pine. All these gentlemen are farmers. Mr. Payne has been on the board before ; so has Mr. Wylie, but he then represented No. 3 subdivision, where I understand the greater portion of his pro- perty is. Heretofore it has been the custom to select persons to as far as possible repre- sent the different portions of the large sub- division of this division, and No. 2, as now represented, has one member for the Caboolture proper, and one for the North Pine end of the subdivision. Mr. Carseldine represented the middle portion of the subdivision. Mr. M'Cullagh resides in that middle portion, and is , in my humble opinion, the proper person to succeed Mr. Carseldine. The Pine end has already its representative in Mr. Duffield, and if Wylie is elected, the lower portion of the sub- division will have a majority of members on the board. It therefore becomes the duty of the ratepayers of this portion of the sub- division to exercise their voting power in such a way as to prevent such a thing being carried out. The greater portion of the rates come from this end of the subdivision, but the sixteen perch allotment holders at Humpybong will swamp them with their votes if they do not look out. The polling day is, I understand, the 5th April, and the ballot papers will be out this week. There is no news to send you. We have had more rain during the past week, and the country is guite rotten. Nearly all business is at a standstill, and will be so until we get some fine weather, so that the roads, which are in a fearful state, may dry up a bit. Dave deserves great credit for the good time hè keeps with the mails, considering the bad roads he has to travel over. The Caboolture Amateur Minstrels gave an entertainment in the Divisional Hall on Saturday evening. The rain showers which were very heavy, interfered greatly with the attendance, though there was a very fair audience, The performance commenced with an overture, very well rendered by the band. The chair business which succeeded was good, some of the songs and choruses being very well given, and the corner men were especially funny. The ghost scene was a decided success, as was the clog and step dancing, the whole concluding with a very laughable farce, "Obliging a Lady." I understand another entertainment is to be given next moonlight night, when it is to be hoped they will have better weather than they have hitherto experienced. 