(SMten 'g Cohtntn* PERLEY'S SPECULATIONS. [BY MARY DENSEL.] PAETL [From Harper's Young People.] The beginning of it all was when Farmer Giddings gave Perley Paine a rooster, a hen, and their youthful daughter, a lank, longlegged, half-grown chicken. "Being as it's the twenty-second of February, you might call 'em George and Martha 'Washington and the Hatchet," suggested JJr. Giddings. Perley accepted the gift with mingled gratitude and disapproval. He sat eying the scrawny group gloomily, ontil the Hatchet • lurched suddenly forward to catch a belated winter fly ; upon which George gave vent to a melancholy crow, and Martha cackled . hoarsely. Perley's face brightened. " I'll make some- • thing out of you yet, you wretched skeletons," eaid he, with energy. And indeed, in less than a month, plenty of corn and grain and Indian meal had wrought a miracle. George became plump and shining; hiB wattles waxed fierce ana red. The Hatchet grew fat and spry. As : for Martha, she began to lay eggs at a famous , rate. " One—two—six—ten; I declare there are a dozen eggs," counted Perley. " Now we'll begin business." So early the next morning lie appeared at Squire Allen's door. "I thought, Mrs. Allen," began Perley, when that rosy, happy-faced lady came to greet him—'.' I thought maybe you'd buy eggs of me this spring. Eggs are twenty-five cents a dozen at the stores; but I like to go on another—basis. Snppose 1 bring yon at least a dozen eggs every other Saturday. If I bring them promptly, you give me thirty cents; if my hen doesn't come up to time, why, you only give me twenty cents a dozen. Maybe 1*11 make five cents and you'll lose; maybe you'll make and I'll lose. Speculation, you see. Can't we trade?" Mrs. Allen, being very obliging, and also fond of her lively young neighbour, "traded." For two months she bought Perley's eggs, and the balance was nearly even. Martha was diligent and attentive to her business; so if she tell short one fortnight, Bhe amply made up in the next. If Perley came crestfallen with only six eggs on one Saturday, he was sure to appear with a dozen and a half before long. Trade flourished and decreased, and Perley was either jubilant or in trouble. Still, it was exciting. More BO, he was sure—yes, far more interesting than to sell his eggs at the reeular market value, and run no risks. "Begin with eggs, end with railroads and Bank stock," mused Perley. " Speculation's the business for me." But suddenly a dire calamity befell. Night after night there was confusion in the henfcouae; a hubbub; evidently a battle; for more than once Perley found broken eggs and scattered feathers. Who or what was the enemy J In vain Perley tried to discover. The affair became very serious. Trade languished wofully by reason of those broken eggs. At last, one moonlight evening, when Perley •Fas on the watch, a pretty black and white creature was seen creeping slyly along. At first Perley thought it a kitten, but a strong odour came, wafted on the breeze. " If it were only a fox or a weazel," groaned Perley; " but to be robbed by a"—— Perley set a trap. The shrewdest sinner of the genua mephitis walked round it and over it, but never into it. Perley tried poison. The wily thief sniffed at it, and broke two extra eggs to pay for the insult, while—oh, misery!—George was found next morning stiff and stark, having pecked at the strychnine and given up the ghost. In rage and despair Perley caught-the afflicted Martha under one arm, tucked Hatchet under the other, and matched to Aire. Alien. "It's no use," Baid he, bitterly. "You must raise your own eggs, ma'am. If you'll give me a dollar and a half you can have Both these fowls." Mrs. Allen had the softest heart in the world, so the money was placed in Perley hand. He was walking slowly home therewith, and thinking how he should miss the fun of "trade," especially now when his gains were growing faster than his losses, when he met Billy O'Grafferty coming round a corner nibbling a pea-nut. Now Perley had a speakiDg acquaintance with MasterjO'Grafferty, as opposing Generals may recognise and respect one another for mutual courage and prowess. Billy was the leader of the Irish gentry of O'Grafferty Court, between whom and the High-School fcoys was a good-natured but perpetual warfare. Perley was the uptown Captain, and many were the hand- to-hand tussels he had had with the hard-fisted Billy. But as they were equal in point of braises and valour, Perley could afford a gracious "How are you?" aud Billy was prompt with his equally condescending Hollo 1 have a pay-nut?" " Where did you get them ?" asked Perley, seeing that Billy's pockets were full to overflowing. "Captain Bylea's ship's inn. Down to Emery's W'arf. He's got a bag o' nuts. Giving of 'em away, he is." Perley's mind give a quick jump this way and that way, and he was rushing toward Emery's Wharf. What could be the secret which Perley was pouring into Captain ByleB's ear, and which' made the jolly captain throw back his head and roar with merriment? Then Perley would catch the captain's vest button ana eagerly whisper something more, and again the wharf would fairly ring with peals of laughter. " I shall double my capital in no time," ended Perley. " Come now, captain." " Bless my soul 2" shouted the captain. ' Double my capital!' Well, you be a sharp youngster. Not another nut shall you boys nave. Off with you. Trade's the word; speculation's the idea. Ha! ha! ha-a-a!" There was more mystery yet; there was a canvas bag; there was a rattling of nuts; there was a slipping of three fifty-cent pieces into Captain Byles's pocket; there was a hurried " Good luck to you !" and Perley was running off as fast as he had come, leaving the captain to rub his hands and chuckle. " Sharp little chap! Ha! ha! ha-a-a !'" The very next day, as dusk came on, Mrs. Paine was coming home laden with bundles from a shopping expedition, when the flare of an oil-torch met her eyes. " Pea-nuts! fresh, hot peanuts ?" The voice sounded familiar, and what should meet her bewildered gaze but the face and form of her own son behind a shabby deal table at the corner of the street! There he stood, in shrill accents exhorting the passers to "Buy my pea-nuts—ten cents a qu a-art!" " Perley Paine, what are yon doing?" Perley started, blushed, hesitated. " Why, selling pea-nuts, mother. I bought them cheap. (Excuse me. Pea-nuts did you say, sonny? One pint? Five cents? Call again.) Captain Byles sold me fifty quarts for one dollar fifty. I sell them at—(Oh, Judge Western I Two quarts? Yes, sir; thank you. Trade is brisk)—at ten cent3 a quart, mother. I'd gain three dollars and a half if I didn't have .to pay Billy O'Grafferty fifty cents for roasting them in his oven and tending shop. Usually I don't sell; I onlv keep the books, To-night Billy has the toothache, so I take ten cents off his regular pay for abBence. He says it's mean; I Bay it's business. The whole affair's a speculation, mother; for if the regular pea-nut man on Congress-street finds me out, he'll lower his price, and that's the end of me." Mrs. Paine walked slowly home, shaking her head. Should she stop Perley's wild scheme? But she was a wise woman. "The i>oy must learn by experience; and he's his lather's son. I'll trust him." So she only kept her eyes wide open, bat Baid no word, even when, at the end of a week, Perley came home with a severe cold and aching throat. "But it's worth it, mother," he cried, triumphantly. "I've cleared two dollars and ninety cents. That's nearly as much as I hoped. The regular pea-nut man got wind of it, and the boys came to jeer over me, but I snapped my fingers at them aud showed them my empty bag." He bore the discomfort of his sore throat bravely, and said not a word of complaint when a whole night he lay awake feverish and ill. But a hotter fever than any mere cold could bring was in Perley's veins—the fever which has consumed many an older and wiser person. His mother was somewhat amazed when, a few days later, as the ladies of the Church "guild" were planning for a little sale, Perley orew her one side and whispered, " Persuade them to have it in Fluent Hall, won't you ?" " But why in Fluent Hall ?" " It's a—speculation," answered Perley. " I knew people would be having fairs and Bcciables, so Mr. Fluent and I are in partnership, mother. I'll let that hall to you for ten dollars, mother! Ah, now, do say 'yes.'" Mrs. Paine looked troubled, bat her boy's face was so eager that she only said, aloud this time," You are your father's son, Perley; remember that I shall trust you." Peiley had gone to Mr. Fluent with a small green bank-book in his hand. Said he—" My uncle John put one hundred dollars in the Bank for me. He told me the day might cc,me when a hundred dollars would do me a deal of good. The day has come. Will you rent your hall to me for that sum, if I take it for four months? You can hold the book, Mr. Flutut." But Mr. Fluent could drive a bargain as Well as bis questioner. " Call it a hundred and twenty, and cu-f Weotv <1 ill am dewn in ca&h;, and you so all have the liall," I md he, I Twenty dollars down? Where could Perley raise twenty dollars? But the very idea of dealing no longer in pennies, nor even in fivedollar schemes, but actually in the twenties, even in a hundred dollars, fired Perley s imagination. So he made a certain journey to Fore-street, but never a word did he breathe at home in regard to his pretty eilver watch, which he bad left in the dirty handB of Isaac Schryver, the pawnbroker. But soon another worry swallowed up the frai that his mother should notice the watch s absence, and enquire its whereabouts. Fluent Hall most be rented at least twelve times to give him back his money. It would be a sorry day if ever he had to draw his hundred dollars out of the Bask. One would think that he would have accepted his uncle John's offer of twenty dollars for taking charge of his furnace this coming winter: but Perley had loftier schemes than mere drudgery. In the first place he was full of a plan for two " exhibitions." Not that he himself meant to take part, but if he could persuade his classmates to act a couple of plays aud raise money for a new piano, what place so well adapted for the performance as Fluent Hall? He could be his own docr-keeper, and so, first and foremost, secure each night his own ten dollars. One morning in November Mrs. Paine wondered at seeing a bevy of boys perching on her fence and clustering round her door-steps. She recognised Master O'Grafferty and several of his cronies among the number. j "Fifteen cents apiece, and mind you re on hand bright and early," she heard Perley say. All the ladB sang out "Ay! ay! while Billy added, "We'll lave the fightan for a more convaynient s'ason, Perley. Cant be a-hittin' of the boss, ye know. . „ Mrs. Paine raised her eyebrows enquiringly as Perley came into the room, and that worthy replied with a nod— •'Speculation, mother. Eight gentlemen have promised me the shovelling of the snow from their sidewalks for the season, Six dollars apiece." But you can't shovel eight sidewalks in season after every storm." " Of course I can't, sweet mamma. That's the very point. Didn't you hear Billy call me the 6oss? Those eight chaps are my— menials. I pay them fifteen cents apiece for every job. If, it's an open winter, I make money. If the snow comes often, so much the worse for me." "Oh, Perlev! Perley!" cried hie mother. " The risk"—- " It's the risk that's the very marrow of it all.'" cried Perley, and off he went to argue with Harvey Danforth, and persuade him to take part in the exhibition which the school boys and girls had consented to give. It would be most trying if Harvey refused to act, for the Danfords were leading members of the Unitarian Society, who were to give a series of coffee parties. If Harvey consented to speak " Spartacus to the .Roman Envoys," Harvey's grown-up sister would come to rehearsal. She would thus Bee what a capital place Fluent Hall would be for—coffee parties. You perceive that there were wheels within wheels in the machinery which Perley was trying to manage. Alas! theee same wheels refused to work smoothly. When Perley came home that evening his face was aa black as a thunder cloud. Most unfortunately hiB plans regarding the coffee parties had leaked out,, and Harvey Danforth had turned upon him like a flash. , , Sothat's the reason you've been wheedling me to do * SpartacuB,' and making believe I was a second Booth. I'd be ashamed to pull wires in that fashion. They're going to have their coffee parties in parlours, so you needn't hang round me with your soft speeches," Every one knew that Harvey Danforth was an ill-natured boy; but none the less Perley was nearly beside himself at the insult, and his temper was perhaps hardly soothed by finding, when he awoke the next morning, that the air was thick with snow- flakes. (To be continued.) 