SCRATCHING^ IN" THE CITY. [By A Pencii,.] That every line which, written here may be Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every laugh be dean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought; That, cat or thrust or lend approving cheer Aim mar be honest, thought and purpose clear. I met a very -wicked, savage man on Satur day-^ hard-headed, hard-hearted gruff otd^. curmudgeon who had just come .down from the northern country, with duet in his eyes, tan in hia face, and anger in his heart. u Mae outlook for farmers," J ventured to suggest. " H'm, yes," he said, M good enough j but last year some of 'em were suffering from poor seasons,,and I was real sorry for 'em, but"—»■ and now he began to roar—" some of 'em don't; deserve to get a thimbleful o' grain to the million acres. They just scrape the ground and put in cheap and dirty seed j they just loaf away the growing time; they just burn the .stubble because they don't like the trouble o' putting a shed over it; they jqst Jose stock and machinery because they don't properly house 'em j they just think it degrading tQ keep fowls and pigs, and so they buy from the dairyman and the hutpher. j they just won't dig tanks $o hold the water which God sends to 'em, and so they thirst when the natural result of fcbeir folly ia seen they just growl at the Government and at Him in some ^formers* Association meeting which is attended by four members and half-a-^oz^n beer pats. "Why, if they were given charge of the Garden of Eden they'd make it a bowling wilderness in one season, and then swear by the serpent that beguiled Eve, that the fqilqre ws^s oiling to bad legislation.'* " Bat," I begged him to admit, " all farmers are not like these* don't libel the class!" "Who said they were?" was hia rude answer. There are lots a' jolly hard*working fellows among "em, but it'll do the country good if the bad eggs J*re jumped upon and smashed eternally. These duffers always make the greatest raw sboqt had laws. They are lo&ked; upon with contempt hy their own class. They wan't the Government to give 'em the land, work, it for them awl guarantee every one of *em £1,0001 a year, and pretty girls to stand begide the winnower and hold an umbrella over their heads and fan 'em S 3?augh! - Bad laws I humbug I The best law in the world will not make a ditch a hill or v miserably mismanaged, lazily-worked pi$oe of land a well-paying farm.'* I changed the subject,startled by the wicked* ness of this angry man. . " What," I asked* " what do, yqn think of oi&r; new projective tariff ?'\ :■ " Splendid,"he answered, *? Blank, themanu-. facturer, gets 500 working-men to pay 2s. 6d. a week estra living expenses through the; Customs, so that he may sell the goods he makes with less competition, and pocket a nice big- profit without paying, any more wages. Splendid—for Blank. And the .farmers don't' see that they've got ta pay mora for their living and get less for wheat. Oh, no. Or they do. see it now, butjoat like.'em—they're kicking up the row when it'&too; late." " Ay, but protectionist folks say that high Customs duties give steady, weti-p^yin^j wort; $o the colonists——" "Nonsense j you know that since we've had the other little protection, wages have gone duw-n and there has been so little work that scores of mechanics have had to leave the colony, while the prices of poor man's necessi ties went up. at once, and have only kept lower since because so many insolvent estates have, gone into the market." " As an old colonist, what have you to say about the unemployed, who, always seem to be amongst us ?"■ " Pooh! the unemployed musn't be coddled. There are needy men, but they're not gene rally heard at your public meetings. They suffer quietly, and tbat'B the. saddest thing of all. Tour wordy agitato^ who mil not take work where'the Government offer it to him* I'd squelch 1 He's always unemployed, and he'd like to be if he were in the Stookade. He's, only a danger to his own class, and a, confounded nuisance to everyone. Coles, by being so straight in his talking to the men. who waited upon him, did South Australia a. lot of good. He says—'-Here's work for you at Hergott; you can do it; if you don't do it* wly you must take the consequences. If yoU( say the climate isn't fit for white men to work in, Chinamen must be brought to do it, though even, then you'd grumble.' But do be reasonable if yon are angry. There are some men who really cannot work at Hergott. What would you have the (government to do for them ?'*• Leave 'em, ajone mostly. The Government, can't make more work for- men - as it ia they've wasted thousands on that Kingston : drainage just to get rid of the unemployed^ ' The working men will have to show more grifr. and backbone if this colony is ever to be pros-, peroua. The.-old pioneers weren't provided in, the- early days with iced drinks ia summer and velvet slippers in winter." "But what would yon advise for honest men with poorish health and big families, but without money " I'd give 'em all profitable work within, five-and-twenty miles of Adelaide." " That's nonsense." " Tbank you; then gold mining's nonsense —that's all I and silver. mining, and tin lead, too,'' " Where's your poH mining ronnd Ade laide ? All the landVin private hands." " Not at all; to. my certain knowledge scores, of men have been making lot* of money in, the Barossa, Gumeracha, and Eehunga dis tricts for years and years, but having a good thing they've kept it ta themselves. In. Gumeracha alone, one or two men have sent thousands of pound? worth of gold through the local banks to the Melbourne mint, and shut their, mouths about it." " And private owners of land-- _■?" "Are only too glad to make reasonable arrangements with the diggers. Land-owning is not what land-owning, was, and they have the fear of a Mining on Private Property Bill before their eyes, not to mention, the nationalizationists." " Where are your places ?"• "There is Baros?a,there are Gumeracha^ Lobethal, Eehunga." " And the unemployed might go there and get money ?" " Yes, if there were ten times aa many, anifc without bothering tfie Government at all." " And how would they get there ?-" " Walking; there isn't a place which, they, couldn't reach in one day with a swag, and jy hard-up man doesn't need a coach.*'' " And when tboy got there ?'* "Work, of course. I was out at the new rush at Forest Ban r e last week, and I want the unemployed to know how most o£ 'em can get work if they want it 5 not these only, but. at the other, places, too,'' "But what.about men in thecountiy '' The farmer's '11 take 'em.all for the nezb. three months, and there Isn't a town in. South Australia which hasn't hundreds of thousands of pounds' worth of good mineral within ten miles of it. Look what old Kapunda, and old Burra, and old Wallaroo, and old Moonta* and old Blip man have done for South Aus tralia/ and there are hundreds of the same sort of concerns going if miners, and com-, panies will only be honest and straight." Aren't you too sanguine, old friend ?" "Wot half enough. I have a prophetic eye, I have ; and I tell you this here :-^-that in less than ten years there'll be SO,000 miners employed in this colony, and in twenty years when the Northern Territory is being opened up, there'll be 100,000; and that South Aus tralia will be the richest mineral countiy in the world, and only second ta Queensland—>■ indeed, with the Northern Territory, not second to Queensland. I'm nearly seventy noWj and, I shall not live to see it; but fcrj tramping of the bustling crowds of folks in this colony frill be heavy enough and hard enough to make me hear it in my grave. This Exhibition (we were talking in the Northern Annexe near that clever revolving exhibit of Mellor Brothers), this Exhibition is the earnest 4>f. it all. It's coming, sir! coming I coming 1 /To. the little Joseph ofthe colonies all the others must bow. We are the oentre of the continent geographically. We shall he the central place in importance. We shall lire and prosper in spate of protec tion. A wart on the commonwealth doesn't liU it, though it hnrts. We South Austra lians haven't got faith—that's what's the mat ter with na. If younger fellows could only we what Adelaide was, and what Adelaide is to-daj they'd be a bit more plucky than tbey aw. Why, I remember the time when wallabies used to hop about this Exhibition ground, and now there's stored upon it a mil lions worth of goods sent from every part of the world. Wouldn't the ghosts of the possums and the kangaroos that saw Colonel Jjiglit planning ont the streets — wouldn't they hold up thieir claws in wonder—eh f* And the pioneer, growing warm, mopped with a red handkerchief his beaming face. Then we went tQ a refreshment booth, and J had lemonfcaU. He took beer, 