LATER, and clearly less garbled, reports go far to prove that we were not much mis taken in our surmise that. the loyal meeting in the Exhibition was ?irtually another fiasco. Notwithstanding tile frantic attempts of the morning papers to put down the undeniable disturbance to an uncontrollable burst of enthusiasm, it was clear there was something more than loyal warmth. Strong tables are not smashed into shreds by the simple vibration of vehement cheers, and a miser able half-dozen malcontents, let them be as strong, physically, as Samson of Gath, can not pierce a line of police and Orangemen and undergraduates four deep, unless they are supported by a gigantic pressure from behind. This, however, was done-and done so unmistakably that even the most so phistical journals were obliged to admit. it.; but the admission was quaiified by a vague,, half-intelligible reference to:the boundless enthusiasm of the audience. Before the general public whosevoice the meeting was supposed to represent were allowed to enter the building no less than goool . picked men, drafted from the city police, the mounted constabulary, the university, sixty-five Orange lodges, the naval brigade, the naval artillery volun teers, the Primrose league, various football teams and boxing establishments, were in ;their places as if to take a beleaguered.city by. storm. Due care had been exercised 'in the selection of this army, and there could be no doubt if only half of thlem voted that any motion proposed by their organisers could be carried. The public in its true sense was excluded from the building, and yet in spite of the extra ordinary precautions it was found im possible to hold the meeting in an orderly manner. There was of course the inevit able brass band engaged to play loyal airs with twenty horse might at so much an hour; but the steady roar from discon tented throats prevented anything beyond disconnected and brassy bellowings from being heard. If a meeting so astutely planned and so ridiculous in its results irindicates unbounded attachment to the person and throne of her most gracious Majesty, we wonder-what a give up the-ghost gathering like that in the Goulburn .Municipal Chambers on Mon day signified. Human language is too limited in its scope, too "cribbed, cabined, and confined" in its powers, to aiccurately set forth the immeasurable difference. With regard to the criticisms hurled unstintingly against the anti jubileeists we must strongly protest against their advised and blackguardly un fairriess. Of honest and just criticisms no man can complain, but thecompound essenc?.of malignant devilry is to be found in.most .'of the strictures so plentifully showered from press to platform. It is a malicious lie to say that every advocate of a .republican form of government is anxious to subvert all law and order and authority. Law and order and just authority are every wvhit, as dear to the republican as they are to the monarchist, and under no known system of govern ment are their dignity and integrity more safe.' Freedom. of opinion which is the very base of our constitution and which has given it the stability it possesses means freedoni to espouse and advocate principles of every character short of those which transgress the written and un written moral code of the universe. If we are only free to advocate the principles actually at present in the ascendant there is an end to all progress at once. To follow out the hollow argument a man must needs be a monarchist- in Britain, a republicati in America or France, an Im perialist in Germany, and a supporter of absolutism in Russia and Dahomey, or in otheriwords he must disavow all claim to think independently but simply be an animated mirror reflecting whatever passes before him. This is the logical quagmire inito which the frantic critics, drunk with jubilee, would fain lead uis. . It is an in sult to a hundred millions of the most culttired and intelligent of our fellow men to include all republicans in one sweeping condemnation. They are neither anarch ists, ruffians, nor brigands necessarily any more than every loyalist is necessarily a gentleman. No doubt in both camps there are fit subjects for the hangman's skill, and joining a lodge or becoming a Primrose Leaguer does not metamorphose the fool into a Solon. The unex pected uprising of a powerful section amongst us, deeply imbued with ad vanced opinions and not afraid to make them known, has irritatedthe con servative gentry to the verge of madness; and, like all people inflamed with rage or raging in delirium, they are scarcely responsible for their words or their actions. When a lucid interval returns to them the rabid rant and intolerant narrowness which have gone abroad to the world as indicative of one phase of their character will be seen at their true value.as the ravings of petulant children, or the cater wauling balderdash ot old women quarrel ing over the wash tub. In the Legislative Council on: Thursday night, Sir Alfred Stephen, aiming at the.yvery bull's eye of tolerance by a patent sighter of his own, is reported to have made the following astounding remarks: "The question of a monarchy might-be discussed, but, if so, it • at least should be discussed by men of weight and stability . i , . :What had these :men read on the subject -which entitled ihmn to speak in 1iublic in that way ? They had read nothiig and they knew nothing. In regard to the person of the Queen, she was as charitable as any of her subjects . . . . These men who spoke against their Sovereign aimed only at that kind of republic whicli was the result of rapine, fraud, mischief, and all that followed in the train of lawless insur recti6n." A series of more gratuitously insolent libels never issued from the lips of the most dangerous p't'volcisc during the stormy days of the Paris Commune. Why is the discussion of the merits of a monarchy to be restricted to these men of weight and stability, and who, in the name of our humanity, are the peculiar men thus chosen from the mass to act as a new Sanhedrim. Doubtless one of the foremost of this select caste is, in the opinion of the speaker, the Honorable Sir Alfred Stephen, Knt., C.B., K.C.M.G., M.L.A., His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor. The envenomed malignancy which denies to any of those who took an opposing part in the jubilee twaddle a bare modicum of intelligence or education but sets them below the veriest brutes of the wilderness is certainly very creditable to a man of weight and stability who assumes to himself and his friends the exclusive right to discuss high state questions. 