STEW" GUINEA CUSTOMS. The beauties of Yule Island have been des cribed almost as often ae those of Sydney Har bour. Two years ago it was, except for one family, uninhabited ; now a considerable vil lage has been forined on the south-east side of the island by natives of Bono on the opposite mainland. Some years ago they migrated from the island on account of the number of "ghosts"—which, divested of superstition, means.-that.so.much sickness and death pre vailed that the people were afraid. At Kivori, a few miles beyond Maiva, the cocoanuts are all tabooed for a feast. To ensure the taboo being respected a number of young' men j»a troljed the village wearing masks, and corered down to their feet with dried banana leaves or: grass. - The masks were most elaborate and: ingenious. One was made to represent a boat ; with two or three men in it; and another a j pig, bnt the most surprising was a very fair representation of a young woman dressed in : European style. As they never can have seen more than two or three white women, their skill was very remarkable. They stood in front of us j in a row for the usual backsheesh—a piece of tobacco. They generally carry a short stick under their arm, and cause much terror among, the women and chilnren. Their cus tom seems to be similar to the " duk-duk " of New Britain ; but it has not the significance . and sacredness which it seems to have there. ■ They sleep at night, but my rest was broken ' by the constant thud of falling cocoanuts gath ered by hungry people while." kaiva kuku " ; slept. There is a very large 'population «t Motumoto. They are much darker in colour : than those to the east of Yule Island, and a much finer and a more powerful 'race. - The ; village is not a fine one. There are good ! houses, but every etreethas little enclosures : with dilipidated. fences and wretched, low, broken-down houses." These are 4he tombs of the illustrious dead. The streets and squares !. are terribly disfigured by these memorials of the.departed. A number of fine young dubus were just building, and some were finished. These " dubus " are a sort of club-house for the men. At particular times youths of about | 16 petire to the dubu.. Their hair up to this time is kept short, with only a little tuft in front and behind. They remain in the dnbu until their hair has grown long enough to come down over their faces. The" teacher told me that it was generally eight or nine months, and sometimes more than a year ' before they; emerged^from their prison-house. During the whole of this time they are sacred, and, must hot see a woman. Their food is cooked for them by - mother or sister j and taken to them by oim of the men. There is great rejoicing when they come out, and much feasting. After this tbey wear the dress and ornaments of the men,,but cannotmarry until tbey have reached another stage, and attained a different style of hair- dressing. When the dubu. is not- occu pied by these young recluses, it is used by the men «s their special quarters. On the. large platform, in front they: discuss politics, plan expeditions^ and talk scandal, while tbey chew betel nut, and pass round the bamboo tobacco pipe. The floor is about 15ft. 'or 16ft. from the ground, and the building aboat 80ft. long. The roof is high in frmt, and" slopes down to the back. There is a narrow passage down the middle of the dubu, and oa either side ' sleeping-places, about 4ft. wide, alternated with a fireplace. There is no window or aper ture ; the thatch comes down to the floor, and when the fires are going the mosquitoes have no chance.—Port, Moresby 'correspondent of S. M. Seald. -Good Resolutions.—At the commence' merit of every new year hundreds and .thou sands of our young men—and old as well form resolutions for. their guidance for the coming year. - Many beep them, while others break them. To such we want to giveaTrord of advice. In'order to 'sustain your deter mination of leading a better life in the future yon should use Hop Sitters. The judicious, use of Hop Bitters strengthens, cleanses, and jmrifie's the stomach, bowels, blood,, liver, nerves, and' kidneys, and is just -what you want to build ud and invigorate vourself.— Qrteribush, U.S.A., Dem. Bead 