CiuriEB XXI I. A MIDNIGHT TALK. Tlie house, however, was not so still as Mr. Mitford supposed. ' It continued at least ODe room in which ail exciting act of the same family drama was being carried ou. The brothers had not met immediately after Edmund had left his father; for a few hours they had been alone, following each the thread of his own excited and troublous thoughts, lloger bad gone out to calm the fever of his mind in the coolness and dork new of the night Edmund, hastening out of his father's presence after his dismissal, had sunk into a chair in the hall, where all was vacant, the night air breathing iu through ; the open door, the shadow's of the trees waving faiutly, the leaves rustling. He had thrown himself down there with no particular .motive, to escape from the necessity of doing or saying anything, in the shade where no one could see him. As he sat there Nina's little white figure came out from the drawing room, peered about with anxious cariosity, then vanished upstairs : and Danvers ap peared with a footman after him to shut up for the night. Edmund did not move while they passed from one room to another, shotting the windows, letting down the bolts and bars. The jar of these noises gave a bind of unwilling accompaniment to his troubled mind. Then a quick step, unsteady with passion and excitement, came quickly along and rang upon the pavement " Is it you, Roger?" his brother said, rising out of the shadows. Roger was in no mood to talk ; he waved his hand as if to put all interrup tion away, and hastened to his own room with an evident disinclination for any further intercourse. But an hour or two later, when all was still, Edmund, who had taken refuge in the meantime in the billiardroom, which was the one room of the house left alone by Danvers, always a refuge for the young men —their eulkingroom when they were in disposed for family society—heard the door suddenly open and his brother come in. The only light in the room was from the lamp suspended over the billiard- table, and throw ■ ing a vivid light upon the green cloth. The large bow window at the end let in a prospect of pale sky and waving branches. The room was in an angle separated from the rest of the house. Roger came in like a ghost, scarcely seen, and threw hitnself upon a chair near the one which Edmund had taken, with an almost equal excitement yet languor ; and there they sat for some time stretching out their long limbB, extending as it were ! their minds, which were racked with dis tracting thoughts, with nothing tossy to each other, and yet so much; communicating a mutual malaise, misery, difficulty, without a word said. They had a degree of family like ness which made this mute meeting all the more patristic. They were antagonists in interest, according to any vulgar estimate of the case. The younger brother disapproved profoundly, miserably, of what the elder had done. He tele the inappropriateness of it, the folly of it, to the bottom of his heart; and yet in this troubled chaos, where all land marks were disappearing aud every esta blished law being abrogated, he was one with Roger, smarting with him under the wounds of his father's rage, and even moved (though he was so much against it) by a sort of in stinctive sympathy with that fatal infatuation of fooliBh love. They began to talk at last in monosyllables, which dropped now and then into silence with a question and answer haif expressed. "All settled then?"—"Nothing to be done" —"All"—"Nothing." Then another long pause. By degrees a few more words came to Edmund's lips, a longer reply from Roger's, and then, the ice once fully broken, the brothers settled into talk. " Don't spoil your own life for mfe, Ned," Baid Roger; " the die is cast for me. And in every way it is better when you come to think of it 1 don't say there is not reason in it from bis point of view. I've never been blind to that Bide of the question! I know that it might not be easy to reconcile everything— this father and mother " " You see that," said Edmund, "and yet it makes no difference." " I have always seen it," said Roger, almost fiercely; " you know I have. I see every hiiig. No ! it makes no difference—rather the reverse." "It pushes you on." " It pnsbes me on, Ned," he said, leaning forward. " You don't know what it is to be caught in the tide like this. Every disadvan tage pushes me on: because it is not what I 'may have dreamed—bemuse, God 'help us! -there -may be, even afterwards, things to overcome-——" "Roger,* for God'seake " \- " Don't speak to me," he said, holding up bis hand. "I'll qnarrel with yon if you do— though/ Ned old fellow, Heaven knows I trust you aud hold you closer than any other man" '' ihfhe world. Only don't touch that subject went oh dreamily, leaning back In Mincbtdif again,. " I don't disguise it from ' 'myselfthere. may be things to overcome. «r, "yousacrifice flitting." nature—a pure sweet nature nud a good heart'!" To this Edmund made no reply. A self pleading so pitiful wanted none. The depths out of which Roger spoke,'a happy lover, feeling the world well lost for the sake of the ; woman he loved, were loo dark and tragic to !>e fathomed by any sympathiser, even a brother. And perhaps when Edmund did speak it was still more dangerous ground upon which he trod. "Are you sure':"—he said, then paused, teeling the insecurity of the soil. " Am I sure of—what ? that there is no fur ther question as to what I have done and mean to do? Yes, quite sure." " That was not what I meant to ask—and you may be offended by ray question ; but it i9 serious enough to risk your anger for. Are you sure that she loves you, Roger, you who are giving up so much for her? " Roger did not reply at once, but when he did so, did it in haste, turning quickly upon his brother as if he had uot allowed a minute to elapse before giving him his answer. I " Would you like her to have thrown herself : at my head, clutched at me as a good parti, not to be let slip?" be cried. " That's what she would do if she were a girl in society; but fortunately for me, she's not that." " Forget the girls in society," said Edmund ; "they are not what you choose to think them, or at least I don't believe it 15uf, Roger, there's no question so important to you as this. Think how many inducements there are for her besides love. I will say nothing else—I will allow that everything has gone too far to be altered—but only this : are you sure that she shares your feelings ? I don't want to bother you, you know that." "Am I so disagreeable?" Baid Roger with a laugh : "beside all the people she is likely [ to see, am I so little worth considering? You pay me a poor compliment, Ned. But of this I'm sure : if it is so. she'll have nothing to say to me. You can comfort yourself with that thought" " Perhaps not," said Edmund, hesitating: " but if so, she wiH have great strength of | mind. Roger, for heaven's sake make 6ure. i She has everything to gain, and you have J everything to lose " "That'senough!" Rogerroseupimpatiently, and held out his hand to his brother, i "You're a Job's comforter, Ned ! I don't doubt you mean very well, but this is not the ! way to encourage a man when he's—when he's at a difliealt point in lite. Good night oid fellow! I know you wish me well. Don't ] spoil your own chances for me, that's all." " Good night!" Edmund said; and he sat ] still in the silent room after his brother had leit him, thinking over this new danger—that Roger might give up everything he had iu the world for the sake of a girl to whom he was merely the means of rising, a hue match, a gentleman elevating her out of her own small sphere. Love ! how could it be love ? What aid she know of him to make love possible? It might even be that it was a hard thing to expect from such a girl—indifference to the advantages which Roger could offer her: she would be flattered, she would be dazzled, she would see herself in a moment placed high above all her equals. Neither she nor her parents would believe in Roger's disinheritance ;and he, with this fatal passion in him, this fate which he had not been able to resist, would barter away his heart and his life—forwhat?—for the privilege of making Lily Ford a lady, not to wiu love and all its compensations, but to serve as a stepping stone to the ambition ofan artificially trained girl. The tragedy deepened as he thought it all over, sitting alone, feeling the chili of the night steal into him iu the sileut house. Oh, what a mystery is life, with all its mistakes and tragic blunderings! What fatal dark ness all about us, until all illumination is too late! It is the spectator, people say, who sees the game, not those whose whole fortune is staked upon iL But in this case it was not even so; the gamester who had put bis all upon the touch to win or to lose, saw too —was aware of the ruin that might be before him, the wasted sacrifice, the spoiled life, and yet would neither pause nor think. Perhaps it is the tender-hearted looker-on in such circumstances who has the worst of it lie has none of the compensations. Even < the excitement which is sometimes so tragic i9 sometimes also rapturous for the chief actor; hut the sympathiser can never get its realities ont of his eyes—they overshadow everything, even the hope, which might be a i just one, that, after all was said, the soul of goodness would vindicate itself even amid things evil. For Roger there was still the chance that joy might be the outcome—at all events there was no happiness for him except in this way. But Edmund saw the evil and not the good, nor any good however things might turn. 