CHAPTER If. There are few soenon in New Zealand more grandly rugged than tbo Ohan Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers had fot mad thoir birouao on the 21th of I)eo,, In anticipation of meeting tho rebel Maoris, It was Christmas Evo, the time night, ft calm lovely night, with moon and stars stud ding tbo dark blue canopy of heaven. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of tho Auckland lti/les, together with one troop of CaverBham's Ilorae. Tho latter had pitched their tentB on a email hill adjacent to where tho commissariat stores had boon piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of tho sixty men of tho troop, ten of their number had been told off as guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisiona were only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. Tjioro were ifix quarter casks of rum standing in a row, flanking the stores,—a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extremo to an;j poor tippler who ohaneed to havo charge in the ■till dead night, with no oyo looking on. This ideo appeared to have taken posses sion of the sergeant, for ho oalled tho guard together about tbo watch-fire, and said: " OomradcB, I neod hardly remind you of tho general order issued this morning. Wo arc under martial law hero on the field. Colonel Bartopp. as you all know, is a very strict ofllccr, and will punish tho slightest neglect or earolcssness with severity, mind that, and above all rrmomber that any man found tipsy wliilo on duty, will most assuredly go to tho triangles. You understand ?" They appeared to understand very well that drunkenness would bo punished only with the lash, and they glanced towards tho rum-punoheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about their welfare. Thero were othors about the fire who did not belong to tho guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ooean than terra firm a, it one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Oablo, and while tho ser geant warned his men, ,was deeply intent attempting to balance a oamp-pot on tho rough nose of a magnificent water- spaniel at his side. This experiment. with - the dog J appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape, j The boy, who aopwered ttye nom do plaao of " Sanfly," was one of that gender known as % oamp lag and general knook-about amongofc the troopere. He couldspeik English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the moat mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. , ' ' Aa the night waxed apace, there arose a keen wind, whioh made the air biting cold, and set the whole tentB shivering like bo many Bheeted' ghosts under the moonlight.; : The Maori lad, prowling about for some place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner bo neath the tarpaulin whioh cpverod tho stores, and then retired to rest without more ado. The party round tho fire gradually thinned, until only two persons remained by it,— Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that, a< warm and sincere friendship existed between these twain, yet no two men wore more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pusilan imity. Tho other ooarso, plain of person, yot obstinate and determined a* a bulldog. ..How oametheee opposittslo befriends? Simply through ono little act of kindnoss. At the storming of tho Maori stronghold " To Rangri," Bob'Cable lay bleeding'to death out. side the enemy's trenoli, from a severo gash in hiB side reoeived during tho attaok. _ The Volunteers were repulsed, but at tho risk of his life Charles Stanton .walked ooolly out to: the trenoh, and brought in the wounded man upon his baok, amidst a perfect hailstorm'of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob. had often spoken his^ gratitude in languago more foroible than polite. And here they • sit by tho flro, with the dog between them, and a small (lask of rum, whioh has beon emptied to thodrega in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. . Fresontly there is a call - for number four of the guard. Charlio Stanton rises hurriedly, wishes Cable "good-bight,!' and t answers "Here." . .j It is his turn lor sentry, andho is'marohed over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout tho oamp, nave for the vjrild. soreeoh of the pelow out ; yonder by the lake.: p f Ranfly crouched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voices in the vicinity. Tho Maori noiselessly lifts one end of the oovoring and peeps forth. Sergeant | Exlfly ia standing with apannioan in his hand, talking'to tho aentry in a low earnest tone. " Indeed Charlie,. I see no great harm in a glass of grog on suoh a oold night. We are not in town where it oould bo' easily obtained, therefore ono must got it by stoalth. ' Of oourso you are on Bentry, and oan prevent my taking any, but I muBt say a small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be mis sed."'; " Perhaps not," an«»orrfd Charlio Stanton, oarelesoly, " Pray do as you please, you havo oommand of the guard; but 1 say, Exley, what about that leoture you gave us rospcoting general ordors, and Colonel Bartopp's stern discipline ?" The sergeant laughed in a qniet way, and' replied, Wait until you'ie promoted- again, Oharlioj theta adopt my plan. Ono side for tho men, the othor for your friends. Suroly you were not impressed with my oaution. Lord, I feel inolihed to roar sometimes at (b11 the tubs and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Rtfd tape and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to tho ond of the ohap* ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to his tent without a' skinful of good liquor. Why thon should we, comrade, who have to watoh through tho long night in this sharp wind, not whet our whistlo when it is here ready at our hand? " " Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with tho. oommfssariat exoept tho quarter-master, but I repeat, you are my superior offloer, and—thero ars the oaski." " Good. This fellow here seems a little tpopleotio, we will bleed hitn." " With all my heart, but how will yon do it, through his bunghole ? " oriod Charlie, laugh ing. 11 No 1 Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I have a gimlet. Now, keepwatoh whilo I tpilo this fellow's frontis piece." Clement Exley'- oast a triumphant look at his companion ere be went down on his knees to bora the rum punoheon. Had tho good natured inconstant dupo seen that look, ho would have'thought twioo before hobnobbing with the subtle and orafty sooundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring tho man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluok enough to hazard his sorgeant's ■tripes for it. Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sanfly behold Exley holding the panni oan over a thin stream issuing from one of the oasks. How the liquor hissed and gurgled as it spoutod into the pot 1i When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb to the hole until the surgeant plugged it up again. " Now, oomrado, take a nip." "After you," said Charlie,modestly. \ "The girls we left behind ub," and ttio ser geant put the liquor to his hps, but bo did not dr'"rffio that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which ho rilmoBt emptied tho pannioan at ft draught. It took away hib breath for the nonce, but that was nothing—the cijht woh oojd. "What do you say, shall wo refill tho gob let, Stanton?" • . " By ail meana, Exloy, and tho pot was ro ^ " I did not expect we were going to hnvo such a jolly timo in general," said the sentry, seating himself on ono of the puncheons, with tho oan of ruin betwoen lus knees, " Come, Oletn, take a Bip ond pass tho do oaritor," In a Bliort timo tbo measure was again empty, and once moro rplllled. Tbo fiery spirty was at loast twenty degrees over prouf, ant soon began to tell upon tho troopers. " We must bo oautiouB, comrade, ond not arouso the sleeping guard," said the sergeant, AS Charlio beoame rather noisy. " It »b now past midnight, and I don't expeot tbeviBiting officer beforo four o'olook." «'Oh, bother the vioiting officer—paes tho nappy, Clem." ■ „ " I supposo you don t mind my remov ing you whon your two hours aro up, Cbor lie V " " Not at all. I. am content, to romainhero until daylight,.providing you'leave mo tho gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and moy you livo to be a^gonoral.," The ebrgtiaht watohed-him with glistening oycB, " Steady, comrade, you will bo tipsy, he said. , ... ,. "11 nonecnBo. Here, hold my oarbino, the pot ia empty.',' • , Ono p.m. by tho Bergeant B watoh, and tno sergeant's companion is growing thiok of speeoh and rather prosy. In another half hour tho poor dupe is staggering about, moralising to tho empty air, like ono of Con Ijrevo'fl heroes. Ho will have anothor Bip of tho liquor, and ho has his way, for he is beyond reason now. The rum has mastered him completely; anon ho is nothing but a grovelling bundlo of humanity, his laugh orackcd, sense gone, and talking—ye Goda I suoli rubbish and ribaldry, that tho Bergeant grows disgusted and leaves bim alono in hia glory. ... , Tlio offloer of tho night begtnB his rounda earlier than was expected. At threo a.m. tho CommisBariat Guard turned out at Ilia summons, and wbb dismissed as oorreot. "How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exloy ?" . ' " Only one, Captain I" : ' " I will visit him." It was usual tor two mon of the guard and the noncommissioned officer in ehargo to aooompany tho ofileer when visiting tho sentries^ Exloy.called two of his comrades, who oondueted the captain over to the stores, but of oourse there was no ono to ahallongo their approach. "Halt," oried tho officer, "how's this? where is your man, sergeant 1" he asked in a tone of Burpriso. Before the question oould be answerod, tho Maori lad emerged from his hiding, and pointed out tho dark innert form of tho tipsy sentinel stretched upon tbo: floor fast asloep. A light was brought from the tont and thoy tried to rouso . him, but in vain. Thero appeared no need to inquire how tho man got drunk on his post. Ttio leaking cask, tho gimlet, and tho pannioan half full of liquor on tho ground beside him, told Nits own tale plainly. ' ..... " This Is a very unfortunate matter," oried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. "What is to bo done, sir?" . " Done I why your duty, Sergeant Exloy, of oourse," responded tho onptaiu, " Carrj tho ppor devil to the guard-tent, and put anothor man in hiB atead.:' " 1*11 report to Colonel Bartopp on my roturn. Good night I" . • ;■ Morning oamo with its rosy blush tinging tho hill-tops and kisHingtho sleeping onoamp nient into retiewod life. It found Serjeant Exley pacing moodily beforo tho guard-tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxioation. ,,11 Is this but tho proludo to hpt' Ateum ?" lie muttered. " Gad, it 'would seem ro. Hero are tho oirole of hills around, bare and treeless overlooking<tho valloy bolow. Yotidor tho Ohan Lake gleaming in tho early sun like a burnished shield. What moro? Shall tho ourtuin riso to-day upon the first not of tho droatn ?—tho formed square, and the man tied to the. triangles? We shall; see. Charles Stanton, it would have boeri well had thou or I never seen Kiora Selby." Poor.wrotoli, sloop on. When thou wakost thou'wilt'seo the rat ready. ' And not? to snatoh an hour's reat." Ho turned into the tont, and at that moment thoivoico of Sanfly was hoard call ing for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in .great glee, aud the pair raced down tho hill towards'the tont occupied by Bob Cablet < V s' . ' i (.To he continued.) Never rcml by twilight, moonlight, or on cloudy days. - _ EconouilCnl Cookery. Ono of the groatest troubles with young houBokoopors is tho nioivi. "'Wb uro so apt to getDtoo ' much, especially whoro tho family is ho small. Ono pound *'qf stoak, .tihroo or fourcfqr a- Bt.q\j .and<p?lj>ur op 11 vo pound roast is a. groat plonty'for a family of throo. ;If tho objoct is to get bruakfaat quicltly,' ns it is with mo, I try to luivo potatoos onougli loft from dinner tho day beforo tq warm, ovor tor breakfast. potatoes and warmod ovor. potatoes. 1 liavo Been thopolth.atlH.was a wondor to tno how any ono couid ont thorn. First slico thorn and pufcthom.into, li.fryjingj paiiijwith a goqd 'sizeafpibco of butter, popper salt and sorno good' swoofc irtilkj' Placo thom ovor tho fire and koop chopping and Btirring with a knifo, adding moro milk occasionally. Wlieii. thoy, aro vory fino and tho piuu'oa adhorotogothor t)i oy aro cooked sullicion tly. Sotno oliop tho potatoos first in a chopping bowl, bUt' I do notililco.tlioin as well that way. If you liavo frosli stqak,( either broil or fry. I suppose Svo wlio use soft coal may •say wo fry our steak now, aftor tho ablo dofonse our aistor gnvo ua last wook. If ou have cold moat, oithor baked or roilod, a good way to warm it ia to slico in thin slicos, and fry quickly a dolicato brown in butter. .Or apother way : out the cold moat (any kind of fresh moat will do) into small mouthfuls, put in n stow pan with water enough to covor, and lot stow ton or fifteen.imnutoa. Add a lump of butter, peppor and, salt. Mako a thickcning of a little flour rubbed smooth with water and thickon, taking caro not to get it vory thick. The various clubs oE European moun taineers have built huts as places of rofugo in the AlpB, Pyrenees,.and Carpathian moun tains, to the nuinbcr.;o£ two hundred and sixty seven in' all. The1 highest is on tho Mattoi'born, ovor twelve thousand feet above the sea-level'; the lowest, in Transylvania, about fiftocn hundred, foet. Of the ontiro number, two hundred and four aro in tho Al1"' •___ : ■/ ' An order; of knighthood has been con-ft ferrwj^by': tlio German >]5inporor upon>;Sir Jo8qiiU.Lj.Htor, the eminent British surgeon,', whosu nnti-septio method of Burgorjr ,bai made his nnriiq known all over the world, ' 