SUPERNATURAL EXPERIENCES OF MADAM li BLAVATSKY. Tho nimo of ftladama Blavatsky is tolerably woll known as that of tho principal oxponont of a mperior and ni'ro philosophical sort ol Spiritualism, somati.-ncs called Thoosopby, and sometimes Esoteric Buddhism. Thero is a belief not only in the immortality of tho soul, but ulso its association with successive physical organisms, so that one who can so into tho spiritual wor d may beheld not only the phantoms of a spirit's last embodiment — which is a 'spook,' or inferior and wholly untrustworthy sort of ghost — but its real spiritual ontity, which descends into succes sive incarnations, and is 'only altogether its true or high r self.' The book recently pub lished under tho title 'Incidonta in tho Life of.vJadame Blavaisky,' shows how Madame Blavatsky has passed from the communion of spooks to that of spirits by gradual transition, gujdanco and protection. In drawing atten tion ton few of ihe murvellous experiences ot this privileged lady- we do not propose to enter into any argument aB to tiieir truth, still loss to ridicule them. 'I'hoy may speak for themselves. It is, howovor, interesting to noto from what sort of childhood and from what '.beginnings Madamo Hlavatsky deve loped her unusual powers. Ushored into the world in 1831, ut EkaterinoBluv, Mdllo. Holm's bin h wns 'umid coffins and desolation' nnd was 'quickened by several deaths in the house.' As the infant wus but ba'f alive, she was at once baptised, and an infant aant stood ns proxy at the coroniony for some absent rclativo. 'Feoling nervous and tired of stundin,' still for nearly an hour, the child settled on the floor unporceived by tho elders, and becamo probably drowsy in tho overcrowded room on that hot July day. The coromony wns Hear ing its closo. The sponsors wero just in tho act of renouncing tho Evil Ono and his deeds, a renunciation emphasised in tho i ; rook Church by thrice spitting upon tho in visible enemy, whon tbe littlo lady, toying with her lighted taper at tho feot of tho crowd, inndvortonly si t lire to tho long flowing robes of tho priest, no ono remarking tho accident till it wns too lato. Tho result was nn iminediato conflagration, during which several poisons — chiefly the old piiost — was severely tiurnt, TliiB was felt to bo an ominous beginning ; but there wns more than this. Tlio circum stances of her birth connected her with tho popular Russian demonology. 'It is from tho philosophy of hor Russian nursery that Mdlle. Ilahn learnod tbo causo of her being called by tho serf's the Sedmitclika, an untranslatable term, meaning one connected with number seven, in this particular case roforring to the ci ild having boon born on tho seven th month of the yoar, on tbo night between lho 30th and 31st of July — days so conspicuous in Russia in tho annals of popular belief s with regard to witches and their doing. Thus tho mystery 'fa cortain ceremony enacted in great secrecy for years during July the 30th by the nurses and household was divulged to hor as soon as her conscious could realise the importance of the initiation She learned even in hor childhood the reason why, on that day, sho was carried about in her nurso's arms around tho house, stables, and cow-poo, and mado personally lo sprinkle tbe four corners with water, the nurse repeating all the whilo somo mystic sentences.' Her nurses seem to havo encouraged her belief in malignant fairies and local supersti tions in every way. Sho wns hardly moro than an infant whon, 'In one of her walks by the river side, a boy about 14. who was drugging the child's enrringe, . incurred her displea°nro by' somo slight disobedience. 'I will haveyou ticklod to death by a roussalka 1' s e screamod. 'There's one coming down- from that treo ? ? Here sho comes ? ? ' See. see I' Whether tho boy saw the dreaded uymph or not, ho took to his heels, and, tho angry commands of tho nurse notwithstanding disappeared ; along tho smdy banks leading hoiuowflrd. After much grumbling tho old nurse was con strained to return homo alono with her charge, determined to have 'Pavlik' punished, But; the poor lad was never seen alive again. He; ran away to his village, nnd his body was' found several weeks later by fliihernian; who caught him in thoir nots. Tlio verdict of the polico was 'drowning by accident.' Excitable, of weak health, a sleep walker, j her mind filled with stories of tho'super-! natural: : i \- She used to bo found at nights in tho| most out-of-way placcs, and to bo cairied i back toiler bed profoundly-asleep. Thus she was missed from hor room puo . night , when; sho was hardly 12, and the- alarm havjn'g been givon, sho was searched for and found pacing ono of tlio long sub'teYrane'an'corridcrs evidently in deep conversation with someone invisiblo for all but herself ' ? ^ ' She dis appeared in the same mysterious manner in day timo also. Searched for, called, and hunted after, bIio would be often discovered, with great pains, in tho most unfro .iientod localities ; once it was in tho dark loft, undor tho very roof, to which sho was iracod, amid pigeons' nesls, and surrounded by hundreds of thoso birds. She was 'putting thom to sleep — iccording to the rules taught in 'Solomon's Wisdom — as she-explaine I.' Apparently miraculous cases of protection — afforded fur in thoso critical moments which iu tlio life of. such a young lady were probably frequent — 'form,' wo are told, 'tho staple of the narrutives which each person in turn, who bus anything to say, comes forward to tell.' Hera is a specimen : — . 'A horse bolted with her ; she fell with her foot entangled :iu tho stirrup, and bofore the horso was stopped she ought, she thinks, to havo been killed outright but for, a strange sustaining power she distinctly fell- around her, which seemed to hold her up in defiance of gravitation. At this time she was about 14, and — . ' 'Amidst the strange double life alio led from her earliest recollections, eho would sometimes havo visions of a mature protector, whoso imposing appearance dominated her imagination from a vory earlier per:od. This protoctor was always tho same, his features never changod ; in after life she met him as a living man, and knew him as though sho had beeii brought up in his presence.' It will bo readily surmised .that marriago with such a wilful and strangoly Biirrounded maiden was no light enterprise ; and so, in truth, it proved. 'Sho cared not whether sho should get married or not. She had been simply defied ono day by hor governess to find any man who would bo hor husband, in view of her temper nnd disposition. The governess, to emphasiuo tbe taunt, said that oven the old man sho had found so ugly, and had laughed at so much, calling him 'a pltimoless ' ruven' — that oven bo would dolino hor for a wife ! That was enough ; throo days after she mado him pro pose, and thon frightened at whot she had dono sought to escapo from her joking accoptanco of his ofler. Bet it was too lato; Honco the fatal step. All sho know aud under stood wus — when too late — that sho had beei| accepting, and was now forced to accept — a master sho carod nothing for, nay that she hated, that sho wub tied to him by the law of tho country, hnnd and foot. A groat horror crept upon her, ns sho experienced it later ; one dosiro, ardent, unceasing, irresis tible, got hold of her entire being,- led hor on, so to Bay, by tho hand, forcing her lo act instinctively, ns she would have dono if in tho act of suviug hor lifo sho had been running away from a moral danger, Thero hud been a distinct attempt to impress her with tho solemnity of marriage, with her future obligations and her duties to lie. husband, and' married lifo. A few hours later, at tbo altar, sho heard tho priest say to her : — -Thou slmlt honor and obey thy husbund,' and at this hated word, 'shalt' hor young faco— for she was hardly sixteen — was seen 'to flush angrily, , thon to. become deadly palo, She was overheard to mutter in response, through her teeth— ?' Surely I shull not.' ' r Indeed, no, . .,' ' For , throo months the newly married couple remained' together under tho same roof, oach fighting for impossible con ccasions, and thon at last, in connection with u quarrel moro -violent' evon than tho rrist, the young lady took horse on her ,'oivn account nnd rodo to Tiflis.' Thus it came to pass that Mme, Blavatsky abandoned hor country at 17 ond pussod ton long yoars in strango and 'out-of-the-way placosjn Coin ral Asia, India, South Amerion, Africa nnd EaBtorii Europo, During these ten years the rccords of her lifo nro very meagre, or, at any rate, havo not boon placed in lho hands of hor | biographor; Sho seems to liuvo had somo instruction in occult loro from 'an old Copt at Cairo of great reputation as a magician.' Later on 'sho mado friends with tho Rod Indium1, oil tho Fennimori) Copper bnsia, and was disillusioned by their sudden dis nppbnranco with all her portable property. At New Orleans sho learned magic from the negro. Voodoos, but ' being warned in a viision' sho at onco moved. A legacy from a godmother (so tha story runs) put her iu fuuds, and having engnged tho companion ship of a Hindoo 'choia,' or witch, and an Englishman in Boarch of inugic knowledge, she sailed with them — 'threo. pi'griins of mysticism'— 'to India. Iluro, it is noedloss to sayj f-ho found the loarning she had boon so long socking. Meanwhile, hor friends hoard but ' faint rumors' of her appoaranco at variouB places, and wo need not follow In r journeys in detail. Sho relumed homo to iter sister in lnw in 185S. Thoro was a wed ding party, and — 'On Christmas night,' Madamo do Jelihowsky writes : — ''They woro all' silling at supper, carriages loaded with guests wero arriving ono after the other, nnd. the liiill.bell kept ringing without interruption. At: tho moment when the bridegroom's best men arose, with glasses of chainpagun in their hands, to proclaim thoir good wishes for tho happy couple — a solemn moment in Russia— tho bell wns again rung impntiently. ? Mmo Yahontoff, Mmo, Blavatsky's sister, moved by an irroprossiblc impulse, and notwith standing that tho hull was full' of servants, jumped up from her place at tho table, and, to tho amazemept of all, rush ad herself to open tho door. Sho felt convinced, she said afterwards, though why she could not toll, tbat.it wus her long lost sifter 1' - At this point Madame do Jblih-.wsky bo comos the biographer, and althouerh sho tolls ub numerous stories of Madame Blavatsky's powers thoy aro all of tho usual kind, raps, musical sounds, furniluro moving, wuril guessing and tho liko. In her, list of iniraclcs aro ' Prescriptions for'difforont diseases, in Latin, and subsequent euros,' but wo cannot find ono of these, ' Here, however, is a fur niture story. Tho lady promises thnt a littlo table shall bo made immovable : — I will try,' sho snid, ' but. I bog of you to remember that I nromiso nothing. .1 will simply fix; this choss -table and try. . . . Ho who wants to- mako tlio oxperi t mont, let him lift it now, and thon try again after I shall have fixod it,' ? ' 'Aftor yon shall havo fixed it?' said a voice, 'and what then? Do you moan to say that you will not touch tlio tablo at all ?' ' Why should I touch it ?' answored Almo Blavatsky, with a quiet smile.-' ' ; Upon hearing tho extraordinary assertion I one of thn young men wont doterminedly to I tho small choss tablo, und lifted it , up. as tiipugh it were a feather. i All right.' slio said. : Now', kindly I loavo it alone and stand back.' ? ' ? ? -1 .- -'i i ? « Tho order was at onco obeyed', and !n great silence fell upon tlio company.! , A11 holding tiieir breath, anxiously watched for I what Madamo Blavatsky would do noxt. I Sho apparently, howovor, did nothing at all. Sho merely fixed her largo bli.o eyes upon tho choss table, nnd kept looking at it wi'h intense gaze. Then, without moving hor gazo, sho silently, with a motion of hor hand invited the sumo young man to removo it. Ho approached, und grasped the table by its leg with great, aesnranco. The table would not bn moved.' Tho noxt is certainly moro miraculous. of its kind, showing a certain humor in tholady ond her obedient stiirils : — ' At anothor time, a lady, an esprit fort very vain and coquettish, to hor ;ironical question of what was tho best conductor for the production of such raps, and whothor lliey could bo dono everywhere, recoived a strange nnd very- puzzling answer.:- Tlio word ' Gold.' was rapped out, and then came the words, '.Wo will provo- it to , you im mediately.' ? ' ?' - The lady kept milling 'with 'hor mouth slightly opened. Hardly had tlio answej como th .in sho .becamo very palo, jumped from hor chair, and covered her- mouth with hor hnnd. Hor fuco wns convulsed with fear, and astonishment. AVhy ? Because .she had felt raps in her mouth, as she confessed later on. Thoso present looked. _at oach othor significantly. Previous even to her own confession all hud understood that tbo lady hod felt a violent commotion;' sand; raps in tho gold of her artifi cial teoth I And when sho roso from her placo and loft the room with procipitution, thoro was a liomoric langli among ug at hor expense.' Finding that she could bo reliod on to ror construct tlio most recoi'dito history, Mme. Blavatsky's father utilised hor powers to complete tbo family pedigree, by filling, in all tho blanks. Starting from the Crusaders : ' Began a regular series of figure?, dates of yoars and months, of hundreds of names by connection and sido marriages, and a long lino_of doscent from tho Knight Cru saders down to the Countoss Ida Mahn Hahn — Madame Blavatsky's father's cousin and her father's family names and dates as well ns a mass of contemporary ovonts which had taken placo in connection with thnt family's descending line, wore given rapidly and unhesitatingly.' Durimr many months the supernatural aid never failed, though tho unseen helpers 'asked occasionally for a day or two to got at tho correct-information.' It is therefore rather mortifying to read — ' Unfortunately these records put down on fly leaves and then copiod into a hook are probably lost. Tlio papers remoinod with Madamo Blavatsky's father, who treasurod them, and with manv other f.ir moro valuablo documents wero stolon or Inst after his death. But his sister in law, Mmo. Blavatsky's aunt, has in hor possesion letters from him in which ho spoaks on thusi'astieally of his experiments.' Once Madame Blavatsky helped the polico to discover tho perpetrator of n crime, de nouncing tho mnn by nnmo. and doscribing exactly where ho would ba found hidden, but sho does not seom to have pursuod this line for tho unsympathetic. ' Polico of St. Petersburg wonted to know how could onp, and that a woman who had just returned from foreign countries, know anything of tbo details of a miirdor. ' It cost Colonel Ilahn great oxertion to settlo tho mattor and satisfy tho suspicious authorities that thoro had beon no fouler ploy in tlio business than the intorvontion of supernatural powers, in which the police pretender], of courso, to havo no faith.' A scvoro illness in I8GG soemsto have been a critical point in hor spiritual life. Hence forth sho can banish ' spooks,' and havo intercourse with essential spirits, and sho is no longer controlled, but controls. But wo cannot find any superiority in tho works performed. So far ns reported horo thoy aro of the kind with which ordinary spiritualism nnd its kindrod arts havo mado us familiar. Tho most, striking of them, if true, is porlinDS tho following, purporting to be told by ono gentleman ofnnother : — '? As ho was carrying the glass with its contents to his mouth, without any visiblo causo tho gluss broke iu his band into as many pieces. Sho laughed, appearing over joyed, and in'ido the remark that sho bated liqueurs aud wine, and could hardly tolorato thoso who used thorn too freely. Tho story goos on. ' ' You do not moan to infor that it is yon who broke my vvino glass. . ? It is simply nn accident. . ? , Tho glass is very thin ; it wns perhaps crackoJ, and 1 squ-ezod it too strongly'. . .1' I lied purposely, for I had just made tho mental remark that it seemed very, strange and incomprehensible, tho glass being very thick and strong, 'jasVns - a verre a Iqucur would be. ' Bui I wanted lodrnw hor out, ? ' Sho looked at mo very seriously, and her 1 oyca flabhod, 'What wi'l you bot,' sho asked, i ' that T do not do it again ?' ' ' Woll, wo will try on the spot. If you do, I will bo tlio first' to proclaim you a truo magician. If not, wo will havo a good laugh ill you oryour spirits to-moriow at tho con sulate^ ? , f - ' And ? saying -so, I had filled tho tumblor with wino, nndprqpaied to drink it. But no Boonor had tho glass touched my lips than I. felt it shattered between my fingorsji-nndi' iny- bund blad, wounded by a broken piece iu ii'y instinctive act at grasping the tumbler togothor when I felt mysolf losing hold of it.' Doscribincr hor condition of prosont ad vancemont Mudaino Blavatsky .says : — , I atn'sololy , occupied, not \vith; writing ' I sis,' but with Isis herself, I livo in a kind of permanent enobanimentva lifo of .visions and sights, with oncn eyes, and no trance whatovor to deceive my senses ! I sit and. watch the fair goddess constantly. And us sho. displays beforo me. the Becrot ineaning. of her long-lost secrets, aud the veil, bocoming with'1 ovcry 'hour thinner, ' and iiidro; '.traiu- paront,. gradually falls oil' boforo my oyes, I hold my breath and con, hardly truBt tojny, senses ! , v For several yoars,' in order not to forget what I have learned' elsewherey 1 havo been mado to have porttianenlly before my eyos all that 1 need lo see. Thus, night and day/- the: images of tlio past aro over i marshalled before my iunor eye. Slowly, and j gliding silently .like images in an enchanted | panorama, conturies after centuries ..-appear - ] before me. - . . . and I am inndo1 to con nect these epochs with cortain historical ovonts, and I know- there can bo no mistake. .Raced --and 'nations,' countries and cities, ? emerge during somo formor con tnry, thon fade out : mid idisappoar: during-, soino j othor- one, tho precise date of which 1 am told by. , . Hoary antiquity -'gives room lo historical poriods ; myths nro explained. by real events and personages who . have really existed : and every importaut and - often ? unimportant evoni, every rovolntion, a .now leaf ttirnod in the book of lifo of nations — with its 'ncipiont courso: and' -subsequent natural results — re- mains photographed in my inmd.' 