TO-DAY (Thursday) being the anniversary of tbe natal day of the patron saint of Ireland—albeit he was a Scotchman—the wearing of the green will be very conspicuous at Elsternwick Park; but as Mr. Thos. Haydon has provided a sumptuous bill of fare, doubtless all nationalities will be represented. Your true Irishman wouldn't give a button for a day's racing unless there was a "lep" or two in it, and as the programme includes a Hurdle Bace and a Steeplechase, the Patlanders will assemble in great force to witness their favourite divarshun. The first race (the Erin Hurdle Bace) is advertised to start at two o'clock. " IT'S a long lane that has no turning," and at Caulfield on Saturday last the bookmakers were pleasantly reminded of the fact. Not that they scooped m as much as one would suppose on reading the long odds at which outsiders who flopped up in different events started. Oh, dear nol Take the Steeplechase as an example. Sweetmeat, who won it, was quietly nibbled at atlO's tol, a majority of the fielders in the paddock laying him at the price. And so with the Hurdle Bace. Whalebone was comparatively an outsider ; but studiers of form did not allow him to start with only 9st. 51b. on him without having their bit on. Still, the day's sport was terribly disastrous to tbe general run of punters, and correspondingly acceptable to those gentlemen who so persistently (and loudly) proclaim their willingness to back the field. IT certainly looked good biz. to take level money about The Ghost (with Power up) in the Selling Bace, of five furlongs and a-half, for which eight started. But no, the correct thimble was Maroney at 1 to 2, who won in very hollow fashion from the favourite and Sorcerer in lmiu. I2sec. On being submitted to auction the aged son of Captivator and Meta was bought in for £80 by his owner, the funds of the Club benefitting to that extent. EAGER to make a recovery, punters plunged on Goodwood for the Handicap Hurdle Bace, two miles, seven starters, and quickly brought him to 5 to 2. Huntsman, Louis, Marron and Itevenge all found admirers, the consequence being that the backers of Whalebone were enabled to snavel 6's and 7's to 1 about the son of Swordfish. Earimil-a four-year-old brother to Dizzy and Duration—soon assumed a decided lead after tbe flag fell, and, crashing into the hurdies, got rid of a stable lad named UewlandB, who was riding him. Whalebone and Marron were together in front the best part of the journey, and the latter tiring alter entering the straight for home, Whalebone ran home an easy winner by a length and a-half from Goodwood, Huntsman third, a length away. Time, 4min. 15sec. " THE devil's number" (13) saddled up tor the great event of the day, the St. Kilda Cup, of a mile and a-quarter and a distance. Things were rather mixed on the betting bourse till towards starting time, when Kohai and Lara were in equal esteem with backers at 4 to 1, Phaon being well supported at 5 to 1, Abuse at 6 to 1, and Meteor at 8 to i. Lesbia and Lara brought the field along alternately till entering the straight, when Abuse assumed command, and Cracknell making every furlong tbe winning post landed the Slanderer horse a winner by three-quarters of a length; Phaon being second, a neck in advance of Kohai. Time, 2min. 29sec. THE Handicap Steeplechase, of two miles and a quarter, was a great betting race, seven out of the nine starters being entrusted with coin of tbe realm at the following odds:—4 to 1 each Marmion and Boulette, 5 to 1 Banker, 6 to 1 The Irishman, 8 to 1 Nabocklish, 10 to 1 Sweetmeat and Curiosity. The race was a complete gift to Sweetmeat, Simpleton balking and Nabocklish falling, the only one to make the semblance of a race at the finish with Mr. Taylor's gelding being Marmion, who finished—on sufferance—within a length of the winner, Boulette being ten lengths away. Time, 4min. 58sec. SEVEN two-year olds faced the starter for the Federal Stakes, six furlongs, and on the strength of his previous performances — having run into a place six times out of seven—Bedouin was installed first favourite at even money, Boz (by Bosworth — Hypatia) coming next at 4 to 1. Albert Loddon and The Dreamer were the first to move, but Bedouin and Boz soon displaced them, and although the Black Gipsy coit led a distance from home, Boz contested every inch, Chris. Moore lauding him a clever winner by a head, Escutcheon a length and a-half away. Time, lmin 21sec. THE South Yarra Handicap, seven furlongs, wound up the proceedings, and of the dozen contestants the New Zealand mare, Mitrailluse, held the pride of place at 2 to 1, Approbation running her close at 5 to 2; 5 to 1 being on offer against Faugh-a-ballagh, 8 to 1 Straight Shot, 10 to 1 each William Tell and Damodes, and 15 to 1 Vascosa. This was the last straw that broke the punter's back, as Mr. M. P. Wbitty's mare came away from her field at the distance, and won by a length from William Tell, who had a neck advantage over Straight Shot. Time, lmin. 31jsec. BARB, the rider of Marron in the Hurdle Race, wasdetaiued by the stewards in the weighing yard, and asked for an explanation how it was the mare finished so tamely in the race. Although his answer was not entirely satisfactory, tbe stewards did not consider there was sufficient evidence before them to sustain a charge ol suspicious running. Lucky for Barr; for if they had thought differently it would have been a case of Bar, bar, black sheep," for a couple of years at least. TAKING it all round, Mr. Watson was very successful in despatching the fields on Saturday; but a trooper played old gooseberry with the start for the fat. Kilda Cup by galloping right across the front of the horses, Lord Cochrane being completely put out of court thereby. THAT'S the horse Lord Cochrane. If it were the man Lord {Cochrane he wouldn't be put out of Court in Victoria. No, sirree horse Bob. Not in those boots. Were he the defendant in a drunken brawl it would be odds on that the- ease was virtually dismissed before it was tried; and ii lie wasn't connected with the Court at all. but through tbe great good fortune of being his father s son, was possessed of plenty of money, he would stand an excellent show of being fawned upon and cringed) to by the dispensers of justices' justice, and— who knows—perhaps abjectly solicited to honour them ' by sitting upon the bench. A terrible thing to state; but who can say it nay ? CERTAINLY not the individual whose portrait appears on another page-Mr. Bobert Sutton. The Victorian Betting Club seized the first opportunity to expel him from membership; and having done so should have .rested satisfied. But not so. Three of the members of the Victorian Betting Club are justices of the peace; and albeit they have rarely—if ever—been known to grace the malodorous precincts ol the Court with their august presences, they were fairly on the job last Thursday, the inference being that the real live lord, who arrogates to himself the power to arrest a free-born Englishman whenever he thinks proper, lost nothing by tae .presence of the trinity. MR. J. L. PURVES, who defended Lord Deerhurst in the assault case of Sutton vermis Deerhurst, followed out the orthodox custom (which would be morehonoured in the breach than the observance) of all lawyers from time immemorial when they have a bad case, by throwing mud at the other side. During the course of this congenial occupation he was informed by Sutton that he had been divorced from his wife and prohibited from entering the precincts of a gun club. Upou Mr. I*. G. Duffy (the counsel for Sutton) getting the noble lord in the box, he elicited from him that Mr. Purves was acting under his instructions when he asked Sutton such questions, which had no bearing on the case whatsoever. " I could ask you similar questions," said Mr. Duffy ; " but I would not dream of doing so unless you invited me." To this the Viscount mumbled something which was understood to mean that he might ask what questions he liked. " Do you invite me?" queried the learned counsel. The answer was an emphatic "No! I do not!" And Mr. Duffy stayed his hand. THE Gods be thanked ! Cricket the crooked is about to make its exit, and Football the ferocious will shortly usurp its place. The Victorian Football Association held their first meeting at Young and Jackson's on Friday night (Phil O'Neil in the chair), when the following arrangements were made for the Tasmanian and Adelaide teams to visit hs this season:—Tasmanian team, Intercolonial match, 21st May; Essendon, 24th May; Ballarat, 28th May; Melbourne, 1st June. Adelaide team .•—Carlton, 28th May; St. Kilda, 2nd June ; Geelong, 4th June; Ballarat, 7th June. The Adelaide team wished to play Melbourne on tbe 31st May, but tbe consideration of this was left over till the M.C.C. had bad an opportunity of expressing an opinion. All team matches for the 21st May and 28th May were declared off, in connection with tbe visit of the two teams. FOOTBALL, under the Australian rules, is a mild game indeed when compared with the contests which take place under llugby Union guidance. But even in that game there must have been a wonderful improvement effected during the la6t 300 years, for in a note appended to the New Shakespeare Society's reprint " Philip Stubbes' Anatomic of Abuses," an extract from one of Laneham's letters descriptive of the sports at Kenilworth Castle is given, wherein mention is made of a certain " bridegroom" being lame of a leg " that in his youth was broken at football" (1575). Logs are broken in the Australian game occasionally, but still were Master Stubbes in the flesh during the year of grace 1887, and present in Victoria when a good match was being played, be would hardly denounce it as he did in his own day in words which proved hie earnestness to be only equalled by his verbosity, as follows:—" For as concerning football playing I protest unto you it may rather be called a freendly kinde of fight, then a play or recreation. A bloody and murthering practise, then a felowly sporfce or pastime. For dooth not euery one lye in weight for his Aduersarie, seeking to ouerthrowe him & to picke him on the nose, though it be vpon hard stones ? in ditch or dale, in valley or nil, or what place soeuer it be, bee careth not so he haue him down. And he that can serue the most of this fashion, he is counted the only felow, and who but he? so that by bis meanes, sometimes their necks are broken, sometimes tbeir legs, sometimes their armes; sometimes one part thrust out of ioynt sometimes an another; sometimes the nose gush out with blood, sometimes their eyes start out, and sometimes hurt in one place, sometimes in another. But whosoeuer scrapeth away the best goeth not scotfree, but is either sore wounded, craised and bruseed so that he dyeth of it, or els scapeth very hardly, and no meruaile, for they haue the sleights to meet one betwixt two, to dashe him against the hart with their elbowes, to hit him vnder the short ribbes with their gripped fists, and with their knees to catch him vpon the hip and to pick him on his neck, with a hundred such murdering deuises; and hereof groweth enuie, malice, rancour, cholor, hatred, displeasure,enmity, brawling, contention, quarrel picking, murther, homicide, and great effusion of blood, as experience dayly teacheth," CURIOUS, isn't it ? The redoubtable Torn Sayers, who could make mincemeat of any man in England, waB actually compelled, after his memorable battle with Heenan, to bring his wife into Court to have her bound over to keep the peace. On Monday, the well-known athlete, Donald Diunie, also sought to punish the proprietress of the Croxton Park Hotel for insulting behaviour. The bench informed Donald that if he felt in danger of his life they would bind her over to keep tbe peace; but to this the Scot indignantly replied that he was quite competent to tackle any man or woman. I opine that as ladies are included in the list, Donald means in the Catch-as-catch-cau style, in which department of tbe noble art of wrestling the stalwart Dinnie has many a time and oft proved himself to be as Stout of heart and strong of hand As ever drove prey from Cumberland. OLYMPUS. THE opening of the new billiard saloon at the Opera House, Bourke-street, was inaugurated last Thursday evening by a match between H. Evans, the present champion of Australia and proprietor of the new saloon, and Harry Gray, of Her Majesty's, Swanston-street, the latter receiving a start of 200 out of a 1000. Play commenced shortly after eight o'clock with the usual preliminary misses, when the champion got away with a nicely played all-round break of 34. Play waB rather slow for some time, but when Evans had reached 60 and Gray 218, the latter, getting on the spot, quickly ran up abreivk of 41. Score, 259—60. Small contributions followed on both sides, when, with Evans 101, Gray 287, the latter once more forged ahead by another break of 41, including 12 spots. Game, 328—101. Evans replied by a break of 90, 24 spots. A little skirmishing on both sides resulted in the champion again getting on to the spot, and running up a break oi 71. Following this by a pretty all-round break of 37, Evans came within 54 of his opponent. 304—358. Gray now made a forward movement, and by good play reached 396 to Evans' 356, when the champion placed to his credit a break of 120, including 34 spots. Game, Evans 476, Gray 396. Shortly afterwards an adjournment was made for refreshments, the board reading 500 plays 441. After tbe interval play was much brisker. Gray ran up a nice break of 45 (9 spots) to which Evans replied with 44 (8 spots), 566—480. Grey's next contributions of 58 and 30 (nearly all spots) brought bim within 2 of his opponent, 576—574. The champion thought this was too close to be pleasant, and widened the gap by 61 points, 18 spots, 635—574. Gray, however, was not to be denied, and by some capital play made so far the break of the evening, 12'2, including 27 spots. Strange to say, after this break the gap remained the same, but " the other way about," Gray now having the lead by 61 points; scores, 696—635. Piay was getting interesting and both men now pushed vigorously forward. Evans with breaks of 42 and 24, and Gray with 45, making the register read, Gray 765, Evans 706. The next point of interest was a break by Gray of exactly 100, to which Evans replied by 44. Score 870—767. The champion was nowll3 behind, but by a very pretty hazard he got on to the spot, and by a splendid unfinished break ol 234, including 65 spots, was landed the winner by 130 points. The game was much enjoyed by about 60 spectators, and hopes were expressed of another exhibition before long. OUR red-nosed man has solved the problem of how to get beer for nothing on Sunday. This is how he does it. A number of young fellows go into the pub. cursed with his patronage. They order their drinks, and are sitting down enjoying the same when a knock comes to the door. " Drink up, gentlemen," says bouiface, " there's a knock at the door." The Sabbath-breakers swallow their beer, their glasses are removed into the bar, and the bar door locked. Then the front door is opened, and enter the red-nosed man, who is duly served. The publican thereby attains one of two points. Either the young fellows, having finished -their beer more hastily than they had intended, go away and leave the place quiet, or, more likely, having drank up at once, whereas they had intended a rest and a smoke, they order fresh glasses. In either case the red-nosed man has richly earned the free drink which he obtains. Of course the matter is pre-arranged with mine host. 