Saint Dizzy. A wicked wit once attempted to identify Disraeli with the Jewish Messiah. Jf the fancy were to be interpreted as dreams are, or, rather, \Vitha partial application 6f their reverse sense, then might it be regarded as a sort of foreshadowing of the culius of the Pjimrojse. League. For, according to the reverend gentleman who addressed the meeting of the Sydney Primrose Leaguers, which, was held last Thursday evening, theirs is a religious as well as a political cause. Atheism and anarchy are demons which are to be exor cised by -invokinjEj the sacred name of Beaconsfield. It may be rather difficult to see where the religious part of the business exactly comes in, though a few of its political tendencies may be sufficiently obvious. Yet, even in the latter respect, the idea which it represents is largely made up of affectation and sham. The devotees of the Primrose may, indeed, to some extent be considered as the political counterparts of the aesthetic worshippers of *ihe lily. ? The enthusiasm of the former has about as genuine a basis as that of the -latter. Their ideal Beaconsfield is etrangely unlike the real man. Especially when they make him do posthumous duty as a religious figurehead the absurdity of their attitude is unmistakable. If from his place amon^ the ^Ijj^s^ijfi.l^ .^rmitied to con template the curious iimige of h_iins'£lf which has been created in' the wail4 he has quitted, the sight must astonish Xmn jiptjg, little,., if ghosts can be supposed- to be astonished at any manifestation, of human folly. Canon Kemmis, in the course of the address alluded to, appears to have kept that mythical image well in his mind's eye, and, accordingly, to have given a sketch of- Beaconstield which in its way was a remarkable sample of the highly imaginative style of art. It was couleur de primrose, and of the very richest tint. Yet, on the whole, it is to be feared that, what with laughter on the one hand and indifference on the other, the efforts of the canon jand his friends to procure for their symbolic rose 'a local habi^tion and a name' in Sydney will prove in the end but vanity and vexation of spirit. 