POLICY OF THE TORY GOVERNMENT j IN IRELAND. \- -v-. A public meeting was held in the Oddfellows' Hall,' Queen-street, Woollahra, yesterday evening for the purpose of protecting against the policy of the Tory Government in Ireland, and to open a subscription list in aid of the evicted tenants. The meeting was largely attended. Mr. W. J. Trickett, M.L.A., Mayor of Woollahra, was to have taken the chair, but just prior to the commencement of the meeting a telegram was received from Penrith from Mr. Trickett. stating that he had been unavoidably ' detained at Penrith, and was consequently unable to attend the meeting. Mr. John Walsh occupied the chair. There were present on the platform Messrs. T. H. Hassall, T. C. O'Mara, J. Fletcher, E. W. O'Sullivan, Ms.L.A., T. D. Burke, J. N. Ryan, li. T. Kirby, F. B. Freehill T. J. Murray, A. M. Sullivan, J.G. Herbert, Bailey, F. O'Rourke, P. R. Larkin, D. Brown, P. Curriin,.,Vory Rev. P. It. Slattery, Revs. P. B. Kennedy, P. B. Lawler, T. A. Fitzgerald, Aldermen Donald- son, Macnamco, and Dr. Johnston. The Chairman, in commencing the meeting, stated the object for which it had been called, and, in conclusion, called upon Mr. Hassall to move the first resolution. Mr. Hassall, who was received with applause, said that was the first occasion on which it had fallen to his lot to address his fellow-creatures upon the subject of the wrongs of Ireland, and he was pleased to be able to say a few words to them and to express his sympathy with the unfortunate people of Ireland. (Applause.) He thought the people of Australia had as much sympathy with the people of the old country as even the sons of the soil These people were being evicted from their homes. (Applause.) He believed in advocating the cause of liberty of speech and action, a privilege which should not be denied any of the English race. (Applause.) The people of Ireland and as much right to meet together to express their opinions and fight against injustice as they had a right to the air they breathed and the water they drank. He always sympathised with the poor and oppressed, knowing well that the rich people-the Tories of the old country as well as the now-could always take care of themselves. The poor of London had been debarred from meeting in Trafalgar Square, and if the i Tory- Government would do that to their own poor people I could they wonder they had no sympathy for the people of Ireland, whom they had always oppressed. After having referred to the steps which the English Government had taken with the Irish people, and the arrest of William O'Brien he said there was certain section of the Community who would deny men the right to breathe the same air they breathed. The arrest of men like William O'Brien was only adding fuel to the fire that was raging, and bringing the day closer when the people would rise in their might and say they would do as they thought best for themselves. The land of Ireland was in the hands of the few, who, instead of living in the country and spending their money there, went away to other countries where they lived in luxury whilst the unfortunate men who stayed for them, might, for all they cared, die or not by the wayside. Ireland had her industries some years ago, and would have them again if she got fair play. The people of Ireland were shamefully overtaxed, and kept in a state of unrest and discontent, and could they wonder at the people protesting against ? it. The people were only milking a fair request, and would never knuckle down to their oppressors. He moved the following resolu- tion,-" That this meeting protests against the unjustifiable action of the Tory Government of England in bringing into operation in Ireland so tyrannical and uncalled for a law as the present Coercion Act, and views with concern the compulsory suppression of political opinion in that country." Mr. O'Mara seconded the resolution. In his preliminary remarks he pointed out that if his friend Mr. Hassall delivered in Ireland the speech he had just delivered he would, instead of having received the applause of a large meeting, have received six months' hard labour. In deal- ing with the resolution, he said he must compliment those who had drafted it upon their tact and judgment, because in it they had said nothing to which any reasonable man in the world could object. The Act they were pro- I testing against was called a Coercion ' Act-it was known as such by its very authors. Would they over have a Coercion Act in this country? (Mr. Fletcher: Not unless they find another Kiama ghost. Laughter and applause.) He called the notion of the English Government more than compulsory suppression of opinion. He called it brutal suppression of opinion. It was supression of opinion by armed force, and nothing else. People when meeting together to discuss their rights were shot down in the name of what was called law. Such law had not the obligations of law. If the people protested against law of that kind they might be punished, but they were vindicated in their action by a higher law they were protected by the law of God. (Applause.) He protested against the condition of things in Ireland. They would not have to wait long for their rights. Circumstances were multiplying day after day, and victory was close at hand. It was the sublime prerogative of Gladstone's life-(cheers)-to crown even such a life as his with a message of peace and goodwill to Ireland. (Cheers.) When Ireland got that she would be the sister country in heart and soul, and England in her home of difficulty would, if she only gave Ireland her rights, find her more than she had in the past her right hand in the hour of difficulty and danger. (Cheers.) Mr. Fletcher supported the resolution, and, in doing so, strongly protested against the tyranny of the English Government as exhibited in their treatment of the Irish tenants. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. J. N. Ryan moved the following resolution: " That a subscription list in aid of the evicted tenants be now opened." Alderman Kirby seconded the resolution, which was ear red, and a subscription list was opened in the room. Mr. O'Sullivan moved the following resolution: "That this meeting desires to express its entire disapproval of treating political prisoners as common malefactors." Mr. Burke seconded the resolution, which was carried. The meeting then terminated 