rp HE VARIOUS MODES OF X REVELATION. By the Ren, Db. Bevan. In using the word Revelation, I have already claimed for it a wide# signification than that to which it is generally narrowed. Revelation is drawing back the veiL re« moving the concealing, and, in atrictneBs, should be affirmed of whatever enables us to perceive God. There is a Revelation of God in natural things. There has been a special Revelation of God in a series of actions and persons particularly intended for that purpose. There is a perpetual Revelation of God, which is the resnlt of His providential dealing with the race, partly in its general government, and partly in the particular relation of the Christian Church to human life and conduct, BBVfilATION IN THE WIDEST SENSE. I defend this wider use of the term by the example of St. Paul in the Romans, where, i., 17, 18, he says : " That the righteous ness of God is revealed in it, from faith to faith." Here he speaks of the Gospel as a Revelation. But iu the next verse he uses precisely the same expression, " For the wrath of God is revealed from Heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men," which, from the following passage, evidently refers to that general and uni versal manifestation of the will of God in His providential judgments upon sin. We thus, in harmony with the Usage of Paul, affirm that there is a Revela tion of God wider than that of which the record is the Holy Scriptures. We have already dealt with the possibility of this Revelation, and have treated more speoially iu relation to Revelation in the narrower sense of the term, the proofs of it. We propose this evening to consider briefly the various forms in which that Revelation has been vouohsafed. They are, iu general, three : That of the natnre of man in itself ; that of the special acts of God, which were intended to be a revelation ; that of the perpetually recurrent signs of presence and will in the church. We might briefly indicate them by the single terms — man, the Bible, the church. KATOBAL BBVHLATION. 1\. In the first place, God reveals Himself, and has permitted Himself to be made manifest to the spontaneous, original move ments of human nature itself. Man's intellectual powers peroeive a personal and intelligent will operating in the universe. This is as distinctly recognisable as the personalities which belong to any of the organised bodieB which are like our own. Infinitude and ubiquity are no limitations to oar certainty in respect of this God-head of the universe. Bat man has reasoned down and lived down his faith in a Divine person, just as a man may (and there is some little peril lest men should largely do it In our time) reason down and live down bis sense of human personality. But God reveals Himself to the mind, which iB kept alert and pure, and in health. A sense of power, a conviction of the presence of will, a strange and happy feeling that there is One like ourselves who moves and inspires and fills all active being — these conditions take hold of the mind, if it only keep itself true to the laws of its being, and sink not to the level of the earth, which is its footstool, and the senses, which are its slaves. And with this revelation of power, and will to the intellectual side of oar nature there is also the added conviction of a moral being which our conscienoe supplies. All life is under law. Every act is aeeompanied by a jadgment which affirms its right or its wrong, and now we see Him, who before was the Mighty Maker of the Universe, rise to His throne of righteousness, and govern all beings by His holy law. REVELATION EVERYWHERE, Now it is hardly necessary to show that the modes of this Revelation are as num berless as th8 events of life. Everything that exists, every event that is recorded, every action we note or do, furnishes as with some opportunity of beholding God,_ and hearing His voice. And we need not insist farther upon this, except to plead that yon will keep the faith strong and olear that God does thus reveal Himself in what we may call the natural and the secular spheres of life. It is a wicked atheism which would rob us of the belief in a world that ever proves to be a revelation of God. Men who deny all revelation upon the one side, and men who affirm that God only reveals Himself in some particular form, are at one in thus banishing God from the world which He has made, and from that life which He controls. For my par6, I know not whieh is most wicked, and whieh will issue iu the greatest evil to man's thought and life, the atheism, of the professed denier of all Divinity, or that which amounts to apraotical denial of Divinity in life and nature. It is no honour to God to limit Him to one form of manifestation, and it is surely great dishonour to man to affirm that except in some specifio manner God does not speak by or to him. What wonder is it, with such doctrines,, that men fall down to a pare 'materialism, and can see only the supremacy of material force, And reoognise no Divine meaning in a1i _ the variety of life which abounds on every side ! What wonder that menrob this world of its worth, and make the future to be the real scene of God's presence and the only true home of man i It is a treason to the universal dominion of God. and an outrage upon that sense of the Father's presence which every child of Divine power and love may enjoy. Cherish the faith, my brethren, and expect to find God in sunshine and in rain, in spring and in harvest, in the fruits of the earth and in the working of man's busy brain, in skill and art, in the home And in the market-place, in the splendour of the heavens and in the various beauties of the lower earth. Then art, O God, the light and life Of all this wottdrous world we see ; Its smile by day, its glow bv night. Are bat re flsoiions caught frm The-. In overyear Tbyglo lea shine, And all things great and good are Thine I THE CHILDLIKE SOUL. And so a devout and ohild-like soul will ever live as in the midst of a nature and a coarse of events where he may find his God. The eye that is practised can see what the untaught eye must fail to distinguish. The ear that is ever alert to catch the faintest sound gains a quickness whieh in what is silent to another recognises the lowest indications of a voice. And so will the trne believer see what none others see, and hear what falls for the rest only npon the deafened sense. What a joy will this give to him, what rapture, what strength ! Life's pilgrimage will always have a companion, j and life's battle always a comrade. That ; companion, that oomrade, shall be God ; Himself. To snob an one the fiercest fight : will have the Captain o the Lord's host to ; lead it. And there will be many a song of ; gladness lifted by a heart so cheered that ! otherwise would have gone on in silence and j gloomiest melancholy. Let no man, then, 1 rob you of your belief in the presence of God, i which any moment may be revealed. It is . here in the largest sense that He is with us ' even unto the end. j REVELATION IN THE BOOK. j But there is a Revelation of God which ! is more special, and which is particularly j so called— that Revelation ol His character . and will which the Bible records. Let us j briefly consider the modes in which that . Revelation has been made. One of the earliest passages in the Scrip ture declares that our first parents heard the voice of the Lord God speaking to them in the garden. A similar expression is found in the Book of Job, where God speaks to the patriarch out of the whirlwind. The prophets use expressions which seem to indicate that they heard a voice. We know that thrice during the life of our Lord there - came a voice out of the excellent glory, and we may therefore conclude that one of the modes of Revelation was that of uttered and ' articulate speech. Wbafc could foe more : natural than tnis ? While we are unable to j explain the physical formation of the voice, i we cannot conceive any more direct, j any more appropriate mode of a Divine communication than by .articulate speech. Bat the other great avenue to the human mind found in the sense of sight is also employed. Visions are given to men. Sometimes these come at night, and are like ! dreams. It is not unnatural to suppose : that God should affect the various powers of the body and the mind, and especially when therelation of the human organisation to the external world was suspended in sleep, in order that ideas might be conveyed, or that , the will of God might be made known to j man. j Appearances to the sight were also em ployed, as in the case of angels who were seen by the patriarchs and others — real personages who were seen by those to whom they were sent. In the perpetuation of revelation such as we have in the laws and ritual of Moses and in the words of the prophets, we find hints of both methods of revelation employed. God spoke to them. God caused them to behold oertain eights and persons through whom j communication was established. Of these | revelations — properly called the Word of ' God — the Bible is the record, and here we ; need not disenss the question as to how ; that record was either made or preserved, \ For our purpose it is enough that the history of Scripture is worthy of credence. We may ; test its contents by those signs of Divinity, j which we considered in our last discourse, j Its proof of a Divine revelation is in its character. God has spoken, for we can see j and recognise that the Word is divine. j ALL CENTRED IN CHRIST,. j All methods of revelation, however, are j subsidiary to, and, indeed, preparatory to that final and highest revelation which is ' given to us in Jesus Christ. Here the Word of God becomes flesh, and dwells among men. That power, that subsistence of the Godhead which is, indeed, the coosciousness of God Himself, and must be concerned in any manifestation which God may make of Himself, comes into a special and unique relation with the son of Mary — the man Jesus Christ ; and thus in person and in -character, in word and in work, God reveals His nature and His will. REVELATION REASONABLE. Now, is not this exactly what reason would compel us to expect? If our first ; principle be correct (and we maintain that , we find it in our own natnre) that man : perceivss that there is without him a power ; an 1 a will of which he is the offspring and t the likeness ; and if it be fnrther reason-, j able to expect that the creative and Paternal, < the original and governing natnre should ; come into communication with the created . and filial, the derived and dependent being; and if, moreover, the highest form of being Is personality, the highest mode of existence is the personal will, conscience, and . character, — if, I say, these things are : rational, and surely nothing oan. be more : \ in accord with nature than that such should ' be the case, then sorely- we may almost . affirm that an incarnation of the supreme ; and universal will must take place in ihe j form of the lower and the limited will, and 1 that this should be in a' personal life and ! I work. | ; THE AGREEMENT OF ALL THE RELIGIONS. 1 i All religions prove this. They have their dreams, their myths of incarnation. Chris- ' tianity thus presents to the universal faith and longing of man, their necessary completion, their desired satisfaction. vJesns ObriBt is the desire of the naripne. He is the light alter which they sought, He is the end of all hnman imaginings. He is the satisfying conclusion of all human reasonings. Man being man, demands a God man. God being God, gives His Son td be "the Son of Man. Thus is it that the testimony of the Bible is sustained by the universal Voice of the human raoe. And we have the explanation in the very nature of humanity of the true meaning of onr Lord \- when Be says, I, if I be lifted up, will a draw all men unto me." It is not only all modes of the divine revelation specially given which lead bp to and are completed in Jesus Christ, but all the searchings, the strivings, the philosophies, the faiths, the 'mighty ' religions of humanity gather in Jesus Christ the Son of God. It is to no sacrifice of reason then that we summon you when we ask you to receive Christ, It is, in fact, the dethronement of yonr reason when you refuse your belief in the Lord. And so for ever enshrined in the heart of man has been tile faith that God has spoken by His Son. All the world turnB to Bethlehem, and the light that guided Eastern Magi will guide the whole human race to the feet of the Son of God born child of Mary. The air was still o'er Bethlehem's plains, A if the great night. eel- it . breath, When Life Eternal came to reign Over a world of dea h All nature felt a thrill divine When burst that meteor on the night, Which, pointing to the Saviour's shrine, Proclaimed th new born light. Light to the shepherds ! ad the star Gilded their silent midnight fold ; Light to the wise men from afar, Bearing their gifts of gold. Light to a realm of sin and grief. Light to a world in all Its need ; The light of life — a new be/ief, Rising o'er fallen creeds. Light cn » tangled path of thorns; Though leading to. a martyr's throne ; Alight to guide till Qhrist retu na In glory to H1b own. There still it shine, while far abroad The Christmas oholr sings now, as then, Glory, glory unto our God— Peace and good will to men. HEAR THE CHURCH. III. The last mode of revelation to which we refer is that perpetual, ceaseless manifesta tion of the divine will — the character and purpose of God, which is found in the Church of God, founded by Jesas Christ, and in which there has ever dwelt the Spirit of God. Some -men assert that the roll of revela tion closes with the close of the canon of Scripture. All that man can learn is in the Book. The Book contains a perfect and complete system of truth ; beyond it all is human error. The opposite school declares that the source of truth Is in a definite and limited organisation; that it has been given to the visible church to declare what is the teaching of God's Word ; and that outside of this tradition, authori tatively deelared, there can only be false and pernicious error, DENIALS FALSE— AFFIRMATIONS TRUE, Both of these schools are wrong iu what they deny; both bear testimony in what they affirm to different sides of what is the complete, the rational, and the truly Catholic faith. All truth is one, and there fore harmonious. Hence all truth is found in germ, or in relation, in the Word of God. Bat there is much in the development and ; the application oi truth which the Bible does > not contain, conld not contain, from its | personal, local, and therefore necessarily limited conditions, TRUTH EVER REVEALED TO THE TRUTH-LOVING. Truth is also a living perpetual possession of the good and teachable. With this truth God has given His Spirit, 'but not to any particular organisation, whether with his toric, or documentary, or contemporary relations of communion. It is found wherever men are simple and trne, faithful and loving ; and to these, therefore, God | will still vouchsafe the revelation of His will i and His purpose. Those were great words and brave which the old Independent minister uttered to hie people as they were about to sail over the western ocean to find a land of liberty, and to found a home of peace and worship. ' God hath yet much light to bring forth from His Word." And that bringing forth He has not entrusted solely to any church or synod, to any school or age. Wide as His power is in nature, uni versal as His providence in the government of the world, so wide and free is the working of the Holy Ghost among those who trust in God and serve the Lord Jeans Christ. W e therefore grant to all the faithfnl their plaoe in the great hierarchy of the Rsvelation, but we refuse to any of them a claim whicu they may make to be the sole custodians or arbiters or interpreters of that Word. Catho licity has its extensive as well as its intensive meaning ; and while to all we lovingly grant the name of brothers in Christ, we count no man as master bat the Lord, and that Spirit of life Whom He has given to all His people. LEARN FROM ALL. . What, then, brethren, is our position, as wise men, in respect of this ever-gracious Revelation of the will of God which is found in the living church ? In the. first place, we reverently and humbly would tarn to every side of that church, that we may discover what is the will of God. I cannot believe that the form of communion to which we belong is the only one to which God has entrusted His Word, and by whom He is speaking to the world. I find so much to learn from other churches. So rich are my gains from those who do not walk with me — yes, even would brand me as -heretic and schismatic, and even cut me off from all inheritance in the light of life — that I thank fully recognise the Spirit aB it dwells among them and speaks by them. In all the Church God is living. In all its life and change, in its varioos relations with the world, in the events which it helps or hinders, in all its varied relations to the complex civilisation of onr time, even in all the working of human affairs, I can still per csfve the lineB whichfGodis tracing and hear the words which He speaks. BE READY TO BECOME THE MEANS OF REVELATION. And if this is so, then shall we not finally be careful so to live that we may become instruments of Revelation which God may employ ? Who knows but that He may even now call the courtier or the cotter, the ploughman or the prince, and make him to he a prophet and priest ? God's massages not only come to lowly men in lowly ways, doing the duty of the race, bat these he sends to he the messengers ofHis grace, the dispensers of His light. And what if He were thus to use us ? We will at least be ready. With the noble band, the illnstrionB line that stretches from the first of onr raoe unto the last that has spoken some word God-given, we shall thus enter Upon one head the light may fall. By our lips the word may be uttered. We may be touched with the altar coal ; we may have the cloven tongue descend npon us. The Day of Pentecost dawned. Remember its sun has never set, and for ever without surcease the Spirit lives among the people of the Lord, and reveals God unto the world. Ob, for the prophetic devotion 1 Oh, for the apostolic zeal ! Oh, for the simple-hearted faith of the believer ! He shows not much to the wise and prndent, hut He reveals it unto babes. 