€rumba Wet. Dull. July. Cloudy. Theatre. English letters. Bigid economy. Additional revenue. Neleon and Opal sailed. Charlie severely logical. The Fisb Jubilee Singers. More additions to the Zoo. Victorian P.-emier critical. Children's fete—second day. Barometer at noon to-day, 29 '81. Motto—W'oughter buy re Watch. " The Japanese Village" twice a day. " The Woman in White" to morrow. Bev. T. Hope returning on Saturday. Scotch concert at Hindmarsh to night. Opposition ferry boats at Port Adelaide. German Crown Prince again seriously ill. N.S.W. spent £138,405 on the unemployed. Councillor Harry proposes a harassing law. Port wharfingers increasing their charges. Another Protectionist howl in Melbourne, " Crumbman" salutes Governor Loch and Lady. Fleur de Maurice dispute cropped up! again. Governor of Victoria and Lady in 0" midst. Boyal youngsters likely to lessen Parnellite income. How to prevent the spread of infection diseases. Shaw's team of cricketers in Adelaide i October. A milkman's motto—Cleanliness is next t godliness. The Sultan won't be bounced by France and BuEsia. Mr. T. H. Jones will recite in the Exhibition at 8 p.m. Proposed Pacific cable route to be surveyed by Admiralty. The^Lord Mayor of Thebarton can take 9 back seat now. > He said it, he did ? Oh, Mr. Conlgrava/ how could you ? The Tongan tyrant Baker recommencing his persecutions. - ] Another nail in coffin of Port Adelaide ehipping interest. Fifteen Nihilists reprieved from hangmanf to Siberian torture. Tbe brigantine Ann and Mary does no£ belong to Adelaide. ' A lot cf our visitors liquored with the Mayor this morning. The late Treasurer only out a sixth in hit? anticipated revenue. Opposition ferry to be patronized by Coast} ing Steamers' Union. The lawyer-Councillor caught tripping by his friend, Mr, Hooper.. Wish some one would find only one million sterling for our Government. Sydney Banks 'propose to reduce the Inte-»' rest on deposits to 4 per cent. Widespread distribution of d'seaso gernut through the milk of diseased cows. - The financial statement is not a material accompaniment to public festivity -.- Sun rose at 7.11 a.m.- si - „ 4,57 p jin^ Moon set at 2.24 a.m.; rV p.m. Poitonians will hav- a growl on Monday night about thoce imported wooden houses. When -was Cotton not cotton! At the late election, for then Cotton was tw<&ted.; The Narracoorte delegates did not thrott much light on the South Eastem land question. Sultan's reply to England's demand for hi* signature to convention is exciting much interest. Port Ferry Company considering advisa-' bility of reducing fares from one penny to a half-penny. Loyal Jubilee Address from 20,000 Orange en in "NT S W. presented to the Governor ior transmission. The Moonta Mounted Biflemen have been rubbed down by the Brigadier for their late shabby treatment. ; ' There is a feeling that a gotten opportunity uas' been lost respecting the entertaining of > ic-orian visitors. - . C l-.-jie^.t.-iici iTeurrtm'aid tTr,dook ghost, it teins-ofthe ™ 1 fcccordjngto Coglin. Premier. Gillie* has np doubt but that the» colony'must^ventualiy prosper. That ougt& tcuiathg^pur croakers. Farmers in Terowie think they cat* manage'their farms wit^ou* the aid.of science. Haye they tried science ? How about the case of a man forced to ilad crutches visltii ^ the art gallery ? Would ha have to give them up and pay twopence ? The Germans have a school for every 709/ giving a total of 60,000 schools, with 109 pupils in each, and Is. 7d. per inhabitant. It is stated that when the Criminal LIT Amendment Bill passes the headquarters of tbe National League will be removed to London, Tommy Atkins wants to i ""V v^y -Jie shonld be debarred from attending th« proposed course of lectures oa militant subjects. At a type-writer contest in New York recently one contestant, Miss M. C. Grant* is said to have written 381 words ia 4 minutea 42 seconds, ^ The Brigadier wants ten days' notice Jatf least when country companies of mounted! infantry want to come to Adelaide. Wrinkls for the Busaians, Lords Bosebery and Hartinatoa painted like David fresh from the sheep. Great shame, because, statesmanship does not involve such innocence. Until women acquire and put into practice habits of order (says a writer in the Queen) they cannot expect their work to be appreciated and well paid for. Farmers in Parnaroo and Wonna should ba able to supply dairy and other produce to the miners who are expected to settle up that way. Now is the time to begin. The number of schools given for England is 53,000, which is one for every 600 inhabitants, and an average attendance of 52 pec school, and a cost of Is. 6d. per head. The exceedingly able Duke of Argyle "cannot forget his party because his^party IB himself." Many men of " safe mediocrity*, and otherwise are in the same position. The Sydney Echo says ;—" The people of this colony are entitled to claim the commiseeration of the world. They have a centenary before them, and they don't know what to da with it/' A Chairman of a Farmer's Association doea not agree with the scientific course given at the Boaeworthy College; farmers wanted? plain experience. Is not our Professor trying to impart some ? Quotation for to- day—English sovereigns fiiBt issued, 1817 :— AVlien heavy dragged wi' nine an' gricvin', Bnt oiled by tbee, Tne wheels o 1 life gae downhill scricvln', Wi' rattliii' glee. Bev. Dr. Jcfferis, of Sydney, lias been delivering a aeries of lectures to young men under the following titles :—" Oa making both ends meet," "On being merry and wise," "A drop too much," '* The street near her corner," "On fibs and falsehoods,'*. "Hush." Mrs. E, Putnan Heaton, of tbe Brooklyn Times, has been weighing the dresses at a fashionable modiste's to find the averaxa weight of a woman's gown. She found that jet-trimmed reception dresses weighed from 34 lb. to 49 lb., plain walking dresses from 12 lb. to J9 lb. Nothing was found that weighed less than 10 lb. The custom of dotting the face -with black' patches of different patterns iwaa introduced into England and France from Arabia, and was at its height during the reign of Charles I. The ladies, old and young, covered their faceB with black spots shapod like snns f moons, eta re, hearts, crosses, and lozenges^ and some even carried tho mode to the extravagant extent of simpering the patches to represent a carriage and horses. The Queen ooinea forth with smiles again In lighter robes and royal train. And thankful keeps her jubilee; Bright roses bloom perfume the air. Her people cheer her everywhere, On land as well as waving sea. All pray the future bring her joy, TliJ-t health attend, bless her employ tier kindly sway o'er people free; 1 That ministers may help her still To banish far each cause ot ill i That all united happy be B.S.& 