Early Days in Victoria. (£r ' Aqua.') ?' TOWH AKD CC'UHTRT JOUEHAL' PRIZE STOK.T COMPETITION. New Tear's Day in 1852 found me on old Ben digro. 'We were getting gold on a ricli surface hilL It was literally sticking to tfee roots of the grass. One fine Sunday morning I wandered off alone down the creek. Seeing a fine large water hole, I went in to bathe, got out of my depth, and w&g; nearly drowned. At last I succeeded in catching a limb, which was sticking up above the water. I did not leave that place till I could swim thoroughly ; tor I had had a look in at the portals of death. I saw all my past life as if in a glass, even to the most minute event which ever happened ; and to this day I have to recall some of my early youth, through the glimpse I had then when lying in the water drowning. In 1852 I bought a team of horses and a dray, costing cue nearly J23OO, and began to cart to Bendigo. It got £180 per ton ; and the first load I capsized before I was a Baile from the post office, in a decidedly bad, blind creek. When I arrived at Bendigo, Back Creek was opening ; and I had to drive the team Gver a narrow track, between some diggers' holes on one side, and a large waterhole on the other. Halfway over, the bank gave way ; and over we went, loaded dray, four horses, and nayself, into the water hole, some 8 or 9 feet deep. I got under the dray some how, and was rescued at the last moment. Hundreds of willing hands went to work ; and seen the whole lot was again on terra firma, not much the worse for our ducking. I was camped one night in the Black Forest, the last one of fifteen drays, drawn up off the side of the track, when I heard — after I had turned in for the night — a lot of talk, loud and noisy, at the next dray above me. Peeping out between the wheels, I saw seven men, four on horseback, and three on foot ; who were demanding the owner of the dray to ' shell out ' what money he had. He replied by saying that he had none, for he always carried a cheque book to pay his way. These men would not believe him, but insisted on his giving up what he had. Bat they had to be content with a few plugs of tobacco. Now,' said I, 'for a slap at that ruffian on the horse.' I thought, of course, xhey would give me a turn. I had a Coifs navy, and rested it on the spoke of a wheel ready, when, lo ! off they went at a canter. I fired at a venture, and then I was surrounded by about fifty men, who had all been stuck «p, one dray after another, fourteen of them, by this Black Douglas's mob. I think they managed to get thirty or forty pounds sterling amovg the lot ; and they looked very sheepish next morning1, to think that fifty men had been robbed by seven armed bush rangers. After that, I always carried my money or gold in the water keg for safety. - Ietuck4io the carting until it came down from £180 per ton to £15, and then gave it up. Talking of robbery, reminds me of one night, after a heavy day's work, on fearful bad roads I turned the horses out while I got ready their manger and food for the night. It was dusk; and I went to hunt them up. I found three ; but one was missing. I walked round in a, widening circle, and at last espied a fellow on the missing one. I ran up toward him ; and he made frantic efforts to get the tired horse to gallop, or even trot. But old' Jack would not ~ go out of a walk. 'Hallo, mate.- That's my horse. Jump down.' My friend was deaf, apparently. *Oy : is that bo? Well, 111 Boon have yon off!' Pulling ont a pair of holater pietels, I said, 'Now, then, down you come, or I fire! One I Twol' He waited not for 'Three!' but he came down ; and then he went, right smart. I sent a bullet over Lib bead, end walked back with ray horse. Many an incident half-forgotten, and covered up in memory, now springs up and demands attention. But I must hasten on to the principal event of my life's history for the past thirty years. I may say that I made sufiicieat cash to get a farm. I went to the north coast of Tasmania. I worked hard for two years among the scrub, put up a good house, and got my folks comfort ably settled. I paid .£30 per ton for seed potatos in Melbourne ; and when I had cleared — and what|we called cleared was, the scrub and all under 2ft through cut down, leaving all stumps, and all large timber standing, the trees rung, and logs piled and burnt — ten acres and put the seed in — with a hoe, no ploughing was possible — the wallabies ate a lot. But still the crop would go 16 tons to the acre. I sent 15 tons to Mel bourne, which cost 25b per ton freight, and charges beside ; and the price realised was £2 10s per ton. I got disgusted, left the spuds in the ground, and went to work at the saw mill. One trip to the heads is deeply engraved in my memory. I had engaged a young man at the farm to work at splitting, as I had some magni ficent timber trees* 200ft and 300ft high, straight as a ship's wast, and from 10ft to 15ft through. With this man, Charley, I set out down the river with a punt load ; and when we arrived at the mouth of the river it was so dark that we could not Bee the jetty ; and, to add to our trouble, Charley managed to break the only two poles we had, so that we were at the mercy of the tide, sweeping out to sea, to be dashed against the rocks, and then eaten by the sharks. Such was the pleasant prospect. Charley urged me to save my self, saying, 'I can't swim. Good-bye, God bless you for all your kindness to me, I am a 'bolter'; and yon might have got into trouble over me.' 1 threw off my topcoat, seized the rope which lay coiled tip, and sprang into 20ft of ice-cold water, rushing furiously to the sea. I swam as for life or death, and luckily succeeded in reaching a pole, or post, which was stuck in the middle of the river. I did not know of it till I swam against it. I made fast the rope, and saved the load, and mv man Charlev. A short time after this I had a fight for lite ; and my opponent was a large black snake, 8ft 6in long. I jumped into a cutting 12ft long by 3ft wide alongside the mill; and, presently, 'bis honor ' sought shelter from the other men in the same cutting. At it we went. I had a piece of batmen 2ft long ; and we had a stand-up fight for nearly five minutes. I get one blow on his neck ; and he slipped over and between some weather boards, an opening of 2ft wide left all along the side of the mill. The fireman dropped the spade., and ran. I sprang over, and slid down, caught the reptile by the tail, and flung his head against the bed log of the engine. This was the biggest fight I ever had. # * # # * I longed for the Bunny clime of Victoria, and soon I landed on her shore. I went into business in Melbourne, and paid .£30 per week rent for a shop in Bourke-street, opposite to the post office, £16 for another higher up, and £7 10s for a third. And here I met my fate; at least I thought so then. But I must begin a new chapter to tell of her. Chapter II. A female form divine. Ah, yeu'll say I thought that it was some gal or other he fell in love with. Nay, but dear reader, gentle reader, it was not a common everyday girL I was always very gallant to the soft eex. Perhaps 1 inherit it from my dear old dad. Peace be to his ashes. I thought I knew what a nice girl was, but Bella Brown was away above the or dinary run of 'divinities.* Shall I describe her. Ah ! No. £ could not paint the snowy brow, the pearly teeth, the ruby lip, the wealth of golden hair which swept in flowing waves, through which the sunbeams played hide and seek, down below the slender waist. Ah ! I leave it and simply say ' I loved her.' She was the daughter, the only one, of a pedagogue who lived a few miles out of town. I loved her, I courted her. Many a chat I had with the old man for the sake of 'courting the lassie.' Many an argument he and I had on politics, poetry, theology, &c.; In Melbourne, at that time, lived a foreigner named Joe Cremona. He was an admirer «f B. B., and I was very jealous. Joseph was a stout, strongly-built man of 35 years, with an arm like a sledge-hammer, and a black, shiny, curly head of hair. Well, I got tired of Mel bourne, and resolved to ' go back to my moun tain home;' otherwise the 'diggings.' So Joe and I, along with two more, made up a party ; and both of us bidding good-bye to B. B., we started with merry hearts for old Bendigo. We had many a chat about her ; and we agreed not to quarrel over her, but that he should win her who could. She wrote to one of us at a time, always sending best wishes, &c;, to the other one. Timepassed on ; and it was some six months from the time we had seen her in Melbourne, when she suddenly appeared before us while we were at work one lovely morning in Ironbark Gully. Her father hai thrown up tbe school teaching, and was very sick with gold fever; and so he had arrived 'the night before, and was camped quite near to us. Well, we lost no time in renewing our acquaintance ; but I think poor Joe was the most eager in his endeavors to win her .love. Now came an event which decided the matter. We had been in the tent all the day until about 2 p.m. It had been raining heavily ; and for days previously there had been a heavy down pour; so that all work was stopped, and now the- water had rushed down off tbe ranges ; each tributary gully adding its quota of boiling, rushing, red water, which soon played sad havoc with our claims, sweeping into the holes. Soon the gully was a broad sheet of foaming water, save where some heap of washdirt or pipeclay stood, like an island amid the ocean current. ' Let us go to the gully, mate, and see what it looks like,' said Joe.' ' Well, I don't mind if we do,' replied I, 'but I reckon we have lost all our tools in the claim, though I wouldn't Blind that 'if we cam only find the claim again. I fear we shall have to shift an awful lot of mullock to get the ground in sUp-shape for working again ; and I could see the gold sticking all round the drive where I got that 6oz nugget.' . ' Hallo there's Bella.' And sure enough there she was, looking spruce and lovely. 'Ah!' e&id; Joe, 'I hope she won't slip in. See ! she is going for water.' ' I say Joe, if she should slip in, would you rush in after her.' .'You'd, better believe it mate.* 'Ah I' . eaid I in a jocular way, ' and then you would claim her as yours, .and I wouldn't stand the ghost of a chance.' ' Bight you are, old man ; and I think in the circua Btances you would be the man to say, 'Take her, mate. Yon have won her.'' 'Well, I believe I should. Bnt you don't think I would stand here gaping at you saving her, and not lend a hand.' ' By Jupiter,' Baid Joe, ? We snail have a race for it, and the man who saves her shall have her.' 'Ha! ha! yon talk as if she was in the water. Well, I'll agree to your terms, and he who polls her out shall have ker.* And then ire both broke out into a hearty laugh at our foolish talk. Miss B. was on the opposite side of the golly from ns, in the act of dipping a bucket of water, when, hearing us laugh ont so loadly, she looked up, as she ' rose, and, fleeing ns opposite, she beckoned tons with her hand, knowing full well we could not cross the mehing torrent. 'Ah, my goodness ! ehe'll T»e in/ '.No! she has recovered.' This from Joe. But' she had riot reoovered;' for. the bank being of wet mullock, gave way as fast as she put a foot on it ; and, with one loud, long piercing scream, she fell backward into the boil ing flood of waters. 'Now, Joe, remember the bargain.' And off I shot down the side of the gully, with Joe after me. I was the better runner of the two. So I soon got about 500 yards ahead. One look into the foaming waters ; and I saw her lovely long hair floating, and her sweet face upturned. Then she sank. One plunge, and I was breasting the current, waiting for her to rise ; but X had miscalculated the current, and when she rose it was some 100 yards below. I turned, and followed ; and I put out all my power to try and overtake her. . . Meantime the banks of thegully were crowded with men, who cheered me on. I could see dozens of men running with ropes in their hands, trying to throw one to the downing girL I was now within twenty yards of her. I gave vent t» a cry as I found that I could not move faster. She sank. I looked round ; and now I saw perched on one of the heap of islands a man with a rope in his hand. I got to where she went down. I dived. I could not see through the muddy water. I came up again. Then she was not five yards ahead. I grasped her hair witn one hand, and beat the air with the other, for I was exhausted and faint. I felt something strike me on the head, and voices Bhout ' Grasp the rope ! Hold on to it ! Hold en to it like grim Death, mate.' And I knew the voice to be Joe's. He dragged me to the spot on which he stood. Then, taking the limp drowned form from me, he pulled her out of the flood. We got to the side of the gully by means of ropes, and two or three men who came to our help. I was carried to my tent, and attended to by a few ministering angels in the shape of women. My first inquiry was for Bella ; and the reply was in Joe's voice, ? She'll be all right, mate. I pulled her out. Yon remember our bargain.' 'All right, old chum,' I answered. ' You saved her life, and mine, too. She is yours. May God bless you both!' When she had fully recovered we went to see her ; and then we told her of our bargain; and Joe claimed to have pulled her out. ' So you see, Bella, dear, I must give you up to him.' 'Oh,dearme! What snail I d» ? Iwishlcould marry both of you.' But Joe married her ; and many a hearty laugh ire had over our bargain. * * * * * Six years after the event related above, I was in the Sandhurst cemetery one Sunday, laying flowers on the grave of one whom I had loved better than my life. Two short years before she was my happy bride. And now. ... I looked up, to see at an adjoining grave, a lady, in black, weeping. ... It was Bella. She had lost him. ... I could not speak. I could only wonder, and say, ' Thy will be done.' . . . Bella is sitting by my side while I am writing this, making a pair of knickerbockers for our little Jack, and she saya ' Dom't put my name in that tale, dear.' But it's too late now. 