OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. ... - ? (FBOM OUE OWN COEEKSPONDENT.) As usual at holiday timo news is very scarce, but we are likely to have plenty in tho sporting line, at least, before long. This threatens to be the «ase as regards cricket at all events, and yet we have had a fair share of the latter up to date; When last week's letter closed the Englishmen, having to follow their first innings, had lost four wickets for less than fifty runs, and an easy victory looked certain for Australia. How completely out was this reckoning the result «hows. Chiefly by Hie aid of Shrewsbury the professionals otal was taken to 264, and the Australians thus had to make 172 runs down. This they signally failed to do owing to the excellent bowling of little Briggs and the manner in which no less than three of the Australians, were again run out. The defeat of the colonials by 57 runs was a decided facer for their supporters. The Englishmen could not have made much money over the match as the attendance was throughout very limited. But then how many people would care to see five days cricket right off the reel r No one except those persons actually en- gaged, had been aware of the wholesale sys- tem of smuggling which has boen going on for ever, so long. The recent affair of brandy smuggling is perhaps the most extensive of the lo?. The whole of the 200 cases of spirit seem, as far as the present evidence goes, to havo been got through the Department, and opon the market, by means of unqualified fraud. No action, however, is contemplated against Bay the importer, till after the New Tear, and as the greater portion of the brandy has already been consumed through the retail trade, very little of the spirit bas, or can be seized. Messrs. Abrahams, Herman and Smith, the principals concerned in' the seized cigars, which were referred to in last week's letter, were dealt with by the District Court on Thursday. The Department intended at first to press for a fine of £000 in each case, but ultimately accepted an offer from the de- fendants to "plead guilty, and pay J6100 and JÏ50 costs each, and give certain information, besides forfeiting the cigars and paying the proper duty on them. It is probable that heavy penalties will be asked for against Bay with respeot to the brandy matter. The brothers John and Robt. Lewis who recently stuck np the Albert Park branch of the National Bank of Australasia were finally dealt with by Mr. Justice Beckett last week. They both pleaded gaily and Bobert who fired the shots was eentenood to ton years and John to seven years with hard labour. By the North German Lloyd's steamer Preuesen which recently arrived at Queens- cliffe we have received a modest smallpox visitation. The particular unfortunate and all the passengers on tho vessel have been placed in quarantine and happy to relate everything is going very satisfactorily. Mr. Chief Justice Higinbothan has accept- ed the presidency of the Centennial Exhibition Committee and the Government contemplate appointing several associates directly after th . New Tear. At first only a small Com- mittee will be formed until plans are ma- tured and then a larger body will be appoin- ted to assist in carrying out the work. The holidays so far appear to have passed off with unusual quietness, and there is quite a lack of accidental shootings, boat accidents, etc. Christmas day of 1SS6 will be remembered chiefly for its connection with some of ¿he warmest weather the colony has ever known. Boxing Day, or rather the substitute Monday, was produc- tive of the usual variety of sport, the chief of which were the races at Caulfield and the intercolonial cricket match on the M.C.C. ground. The racing, on the whole was very good, the contest for the Snmmer Cup being especially interesting. The' Selling Race brought out a smart youngster in Hot Iron, a eon of Tubal Cain and Goodwood, who scor- ed a rather easy victory in the Hardie Race, though Marion and Whalebone had a des- perate struggle for second honours, which the former secured. Eohai was made a' warm favourite for the Summer Cup, and the Lara was also heavily booked. They justi- fied their friends' confidence by finishing first and second, only a bare head separating them. Hortense, the crack two-year-old, had to succumb to PerhapB, another South, Australian bred filly, though she gave the winner nearly two stone. Escutcheon, the New. Zealander, made a brilliant run at the finish and just beat the crack for second place. *1 Disaster followed fast and followed faster " in the Steeplechase, which again fell to another South Australian in the shape of Ruby-most of the other horses coming to grief. Damocles proved triumphant in the Malvern Stakes but only by a short head, the Ghost coming with a brilliant rush at the finish. The M.C.C. ground was not very well patronised considering the day, but there h >s been so much cricket of late that even the greatest enthusiasts are getting weary. The N. S. Welshmen won the toss and took advantage of the excellent wicket but their batting did not come up to expectations; their total of 226 rans all out was under the eon ? ditiofis decidedly small. Tamer who played so well for N. S. Wales against th« English- men was chief scorer, with £7 and Jones com- piled 46, in taking style. J. Ferris, another '>.? new man, played true cricket for his 36, and McDonnell's 80. were obtained in his usual ; dashing manner. The Victorians will take a tum with the bat today. There are two pantomimes this year.one at i:- the Royal called "'Robinson Crusoe, ft nsw I version,andanothBratthe Opera House under tte titte of .' Jaok Bheppard.'' Both ava very goo4 in their way-^eUltor for pMtereaöe, Geo. Darrell's drama *'Tba New Bush*' was i itroduoed .at the Bijou Theatre on Boxing KL _' night and is pronounced a success. 1 .pera company are doing good businesi the Alexandra and the Mikado still holds own at the New Princess's, while the "Ç to ria and St. Geerges Halls hare their us variety of entertainments. The prorogation of Parliament which tt place on Thursday afternoon will at le have the effect of quieting politics and pi ticians for a timo. The proceedings were formal as usual, but the public interest \ almost nil though there was a good muster ladies and the usual amount of gold lace e collection of cooked bats jingling spurs a ©Jinking swords. The Governor's spe< was not very long yet all who have been i tively engaged during this session must he felt relieved when it was ended. 1 speeob in itself was a fair enongh speeoh a specially congratulated the Parliament up having passed the Irrigation Bill. Cord reference was also made to the Btate of 1 defences and the passage of a number minor measures. Apropos bf the question of irrigation it now reported that Messrs. Chaffey Bros. hs decided not to tender for the 250,000 aci of land on which they originally intended form an irrigation settlement but whi Parliament it will be remembered threw op to general tender instead of adhering tot original agreement. The brothers felts grieved inasmuch as they have spent mn time and money over the project and nc some speculative syndicate possibly comes and takes it off their hands. The chief que tion for the country to consider is whetb experienced irrigatienists or speculative ey dioates are moré likely to make a success the scheme. Messrs. Chaffey are undi stood to be negotiating with another colo) for land. Strikes and trade disputes are not uncoi men in Melbourne, but it ie doubtful if the has ever been a mere peculiar one than tb which took place the - other day, in a Collin wood sawmill; It appears that one of tl men was a few minutes late, and his ira employer dismissed him straight away. Tl other hands took np the man's case as the own, and threatened to strike, if he were m re- instated.. The employer declined to r place the man, and his mates thereupon pi on their coats, and left the establishmen averring that the time was incorrect. A parties concerned, blustered pretty strong] at first, but on Friday night an understani ing was arrived at, and the men went to woi the following morning. John Gèggie the Custom House Agen whose oaBe has been before the various courl for some tímepast, was finally disposed of fa Mr. Jnstioe Kerford and a jury of twelve, c Friday. Previous juries had been unable i agree, on the charges Of defrauding the Cm toms Department, preferred against tb acoused, and another fresh charge of th same kind was consequently instituted, whic resulted in the jury finding the - prisone guilty, and His Honour sentenced him to tw years imprisonment. Fresh Customs frauds continue to come t light. The latest is in connection wit 40,000 cigars, the property of a man namei Herman, who, by some means or other, go them through the Customs free of dut; though they were subsequently seised by tb officers of the Department when they wer about to be put on the retail market. Thi case shows either gross carelessness o; criminal connivance on the part of thi officers concerned. The Commissioner o: Customs is enquiring whether he can proceec against the offenders criminally. The cabmen of Melbourne, after beinf put to their witsend over the introduction ol the tramcars, have recently been on the qiv vive to avert another threatened danger, This was nothing more nar less than a nova development of the Chinese question whiot was brought about by a Chinaman applying to the Hackney Carriage Committee for s cabdriver's license. The usual meetingc were held at which the nsnal irrational pod I illogical arguments on this subject were de- livered, the orators' chief point being that s Chinaman must necessarily be a bad driver, and danger to life and limb would result ii such a man was entrusted with a cab. They apparently did not think that passenger! would soon find out a celestial's merits oi : demerits. They forgot to state that a China' man seldom gets drunk, but that, unfortun- ately, white cabmen very often do. Newton one of the two pugilists who so brutally assaulted two unoffending citizenc a few days back, gave himself np to the police and was on Friday ordered to pay £10, or in default a months imprisonment. Every- body was surprised at the extreme leniency of the punishment, but the magistrates' hearts were apparently deeply touched by the peni- tent attitude of the bruiser who protested how ashamed he was of himself. Lees, the other and chief offender, is supposed to be on his way to New Zealand, and his hourly arrest is expeoted. The deficiency of our water supply was illustrated in a rather surprising manner the other day at Windsor, when a fire broke out in -one of a number of wooden dwellings. Owing to the prompt attendance of several fire brigades, the' flames could, nuder ordin- ary circumstances, have been quickly sup- pressed or checked, bnt .the water supply was iso bad thatfthe water merely trickled through the hoses, and oren when all other turn cooks had been out. off a very poor jet only was obtained and nothing nearly sufficient to to control the . flames whioh caught the fur- niture as it lay in {he1 harrow street and by that means obtained áhold af several houses on the opposite side of the street. AU the firemen could rdo;-%a*WJ>aVe the "furniture ta^aithiiire mmmw&;Mmw'Mmi ,dfest«>yingTOven nenies ind Muring' several exciting wrestling match was decided or ra- ther partially decided on Saturday at the Melbourne Opera House when Prof. Miller and Tom Cannon the celebrated Anglo-Amer- ican wrestler met for £100 and the G we co Bo man championship. As might have been expected the theatre Was thronged and as it had been agreed that the winner was to take 60 per cent, and the loser 40 per cent, of the gate money both men were certain to do pretty well. The first half occupied fifty-six min- âtes, and the fall was eventually gained by Miller who, however, unfortunately slipped one of his ribs. Nevertheless the profession- al was ready the second time of asking but after six minutes desperate struggling Can- non got bim fairly ander. By the advice of Dr. Wilson the Australian Champion did not again appear and Cannon therefore claimed the match. The Australian Eleven and the English team of professionals met for the first time on Friday on the Melbourne Crioket Ground. The weather and wicket were perfect but the attendance was poor. The Australians were the first to go to the wickets and they made a very good stand, Bruce 48 and Jones 46, being the highest scores. The Englishmen bowled well and their fielding WBB splendid. The innings did not close, till Monday as owing to rain on Saturday very liitle cricket was permissible. The total reached 294 when the last wicket fell. The English then went in for their first innings and, up to the time bf closing this, hod one wicket down for 44. The event of the week in the theatrical line has been the advent at the Alexandra Theatre of Mr. Simonsen's Boyal Italian Opera Company, who have created a great impression by their splendid singing and fine acting. " The Tomboy," and Young FraDia volo are still running at the Beyal and Opera Houses respectively, and Minnie Palmer holds her own at the Bijou where, however, Mr. George Darrell will shortly appear with a piece of his own composition called "The New Bush." 