TAXING THE DEAD. From a return wliich we published last week it may be seen that the collection of the land and income taxes costs the country £5520 a year or a trifle less than five per cent of the total revenue from those sources. Of this large sum Mr. Commissioner Russell has £1200 | for himself. The work which he is expected to do requires much skill, more J judgment, and absolutely Uninterrupted accuracy. Iii order to recompense him for the exercise of these qualities his pay is fixed at a standard to which only the Judges and that pet of Civil Servants—the Surveyor-General—have yet reached. Under these circumstances —and because of the expensive staff which is provided to assist him in the transaction of his duties—the public have a right to demand that they shall be carried out thoroughly and with entire freedom even from petty sins of omission and commission. That this degree of excellence has not been attained we know by reason of many infallible proofs. Land valuations have in many instances been made and—on appeal—altered in such a manner as to show absolute ignorance of the country dealt with. Incomes, which much exceed the minimum limit under the Act, have been let escape altogether; while in other instances utterly ludicrous demands for payment in respect to iucome have been made on persons who were palpably impecunious. But even worse blunders than this have been per petrated by the officials of the Taxation department. Mrs. Hannah Cleggett ■—the widow of one of the pioneers of the Mount Barker agricultural district— died some years ago and shortly after her decease the property which she. had occupied was cut up and the bulk of it disposed of by auction, while the proceeds were apportioned according to the provisions of her hus band's will. Tliis sale took place in the first quarter of 18S4, aud the Taxation Act was not passed until the end of the same year. It is natural therefore to suppose that no legal claim 111 respect to land or income taxes can lie either against Mrs. Cleggett or lier execu tors. Yet Mr. Russell, lawyer as he is, appears to tliiut 3thef»iSA Untill nearly three years after, the passage of ■ the Act no assessment notice was sent,; but then—probably influenced by the bad state of the public finances—the Assyrian came down like a wolf on the fold. Mrs. Hannah Cleggett—who had been dead for more years than risen Lazarus had been days—was arbitrarily adjudged to be making "a taxable ambuut of income of £50 from personal exertion," and she was called upon to pay 12s. fid. tax in respect to it. No response having been vouchsafed to the initial request, a second and more«-vigorously 'worded application was made and^-tliis likewise remaining unheeded—a per emptory demand for payment under a penalty of " £20 fine and treble the amount of taxes" was forwarded above the portentous signature "J. G. Rossell." Despite the fulmination of this threat the : good old lady sleeps peaceably in her grave, and her wonder ing relations are curious to know what is going tohappen next. In the extremity ot his wrath perhaps the Commissioner will seize, confiscate, and realise upon her tombstone! In New Zealand the happy idea has been hit upon of making colonial bondholders.—whether resident or not—contribute towards the revenue*, but Mr. Russell, is, we believe, the first Australian tax-gatherer who has tried to levy an impost on the dead. If he can only secure a habeas corpus and bring them back from the land of spirits into this lower world, as much interest wili be manifested in their reappear ance as " When Lazarus left his chamel-eave And home to Mary's house returned." A considerable revenue might be raised by exhibiting the resurrected colonists, and it would be wise to retain posses sion of the soon-to-be- yacated Jubilee Show building for this purpose. What disappointed looks all the poor ghosts would wear when it was proved to them that even the arrest of the grim sergeant Death, and imprisonment in his dark Marshalsea below, did not release them from liability to taxes in the world they had left. 