Revenge. I hbve served in the French army (sa surrcea) adl £acrtle u! I never yet suf irrel ams isult from morlal being to pais ian enred. It was in the Tyrol last year. Whlte wrudering through that picturesque country, I frequently encountered two Ia dies--oe elderly, the other a widow charming, petite, spirituelle-Adrienne I At last we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed to.. the fair widow's charms-she was so sym pathetic, so vivacious, yet with all that sa coir faire of experience which an elderly nachelor knows how to appreciate. Her figure-how delicious its lineal I What masses of magnificent tresses I What perfect rows of ivory her coral-lipped smile permitted us to see I What healthful bloom the exercise and mountain air had lent to her cheek I Yes, I would propose that evening. Tha. night I went up to dress for dinner -an important business with me, and one requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with the maitre d'hoesl to change my room for one with a more southerly as nect; but when I had climbed to the first flor (no light exercise 1) where my new apartment was located, I found I could not recollect the number. A little reflection, however, made me decide it was No. 18, but, to make certain, I listened for a moment at the door-all was still within-turned the.? handle softly and entered. Nom de Diesu I who was this f Asleep, on a fauteuil, lay the ghost of Adrienne I Adrienne? 'Yes I but Adrienne disfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with her cheeks falling in on the tooth less gums, the outlines of her figure (she4 had laid aside her dress) showing scraggy: and angular through her deshabille I A lay-figure waiting to be traunsormed by hscr maid into my Adrienne-waiting to -ba made into my decoy-but I would be re= venged I Not stopping to hunt up my room now,' descended hastily to the parlor, whereo' found most of the guests waiting for tbeh dinner-gong.- I caught a glance of astonish menat at my own undress uniform, and'a thought struck me-i smiled. The house happened to be full, just then; of a very fashionable company, the ladies vied with one another in the magificence of their toilets, and I knew there was a cer. tain countess who was especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah I I would shame her before them all; I would give her a: lesson under her rival's eyes- she 'should' learn not to trifli with honest affection -, Alon Diee I yes I Sam a mesmerist. My will is iron. I sat down apart, and turning my eyesfromni those present, put all my will force.istob action. One-two-three-four minutes,: and there was a footstep ountide the door- the handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared-yes I precisely as I had seen her' before I The whole roomfull of: listlessa guests rose as if simultaneously-galraniised -the ladies shrieked " A ghost "-bli Le-Ad1 rienne advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance. Under cover of offering her a chair, I made the releasing pa?se.. with my hand-she awoke-gave one glance round at the staring company and thercorn fol eyes of herrival, another at her figure re flected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sank-a fainting heap?-n thl floorl 1wasrevengedll That same night I thought I heard some one m.ving about my room, and' found, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig and my-nosaetxnt.aprnig fitting set of teeth had been stelen from my room. As my valet was in Paris I bhad to publish my loss before [ could moved. out of bed. Adrieunn hLtdk It the hueas that night, it not witijiout retalia ing. -- - -A revolutionist-An acrobat '. ." Pastoral intelligence-Church noews. " Dupes and their prey ' is the Age's side. heading to a par. about. an old dead-beat who got at a man for nineteen poduds. STt colonial politicians who are to receive knighthood from the Queen will thereafter have to be distinguished as rank impostors. TWe tead that on account of floods in one part of Now South Wales cane cutting has [een suspended. This should be inotresting to achool-boys. John Bradley, an old Crimean campsigner, was burnt in his house, near Kyneton, the other day. Poor fellow; like a true soldier, he died uuler tire. " The lat t.egs ion '.SW. Patliament die?g.nle. "' 'Thres ino doubt Mir. Speaker, hut that Clarke's in the swindle up to his ncok," were the last words heard as the house aljourned. The neighbors of Mr. - will be in terested to hoer'that he has changed his resideonc," says a' local paper.' Now is n,,t that rather rough on Mr.--! We. would be :iterested. to hear that a certainz u, ighlor of outs had' shifted his family tdi." auother subh.rb it would s.ave us ,tlle trouble of ctt ryidg in our firewood ail. hockig up our hens of nights. 1 he meeau.ert matn has just cropped u?? at I IlIar, tt his vi e pulled him for uaiutia. ance, awl, amongst other charges, occusesl him of bullyiug her because she ate hbetween mcals.\We expect she had been eating seed cake in beet. We have a tre Isure of a wife - sho does her household wor., her own wassl lng, splits the wood, and attends to a gar. den, on one n.eal a day, but the meal lasts all day. ' 