No. 823. From 'Cornliill.' It was curious, becanso tho prisonor was so mild in his manner^ so pationt of correction, and eo exceedingly polite to everybody. Yet tlio warders ono and all, were agreed that thoy did not like him. It was very curious. Ho was a small gray man, with no comeli ness about him, and as lean us a volume of minor poetry. When on parade with the other prisoners, he hitched up his left shoulder in a uuiiiut:! Limi. £,ivvo uuuiiuu iu luc uepuijy go vernor ; and in his prison clothes, which fitted him indifferently, ho looked as awkward as a man who has just been sentenced to be hanged. To be sure he had an eye of very piercing quality, and a habit of fixing it with disquiet ing effect upon porsons who addressed him brusquely or with unnecessary harshness ; and this power of the eyo appears to havo beon the chief cause of tho offence which tlio suave and gentle convict had given to the warders of the gaol. For example, a junior warder whom the prisoner had summoned to his cell one night, on some trivial occasion, told his brother officers iu the raessroom afterwards that there was '?' something in the look of No. 222 ' which he 'couldn't mako out, and couldn't stand ;' whereupon divers other warders confossod to having felt a similar influence in the presence of No. 222. Strange, too, that his fellow- prisoners as well as the warders made similar admissions to one another touching the effect which had beeu .exercised on them by the oyc or the presence of No. 222. One said that lie felt cold, another that he felt ' queer,' whenever No. 222 was near him; a third that he had an itching nensation in his leg, and a fourth that he had the shivers down his baok. More remaikable still were the experience recounted by the convict who had sat on the left hand of No. 222 at meal times. This nvin told liiB friends (in terms which ? would ba in telligible only to readers who had 'served their timo') that ho had been moved by an unaccountable impulse tb share his bread ut dinner with the neighbour on his right : though he wanted tho bread himself , and 'didu'tlike the look of' his neighbour's eye. For a wlmlo week ho resisted tho impulse, and then suo emubed, passing half his bread over to No. 222, who took it, and thanked him, and ate it. By-and-by a like story was told by the pri soner whose placo during meals was at the right h.uid of No. 222. An impulse seized him at dinner to share his mutton with tho mau on his eft, and ho obeyed it, thongh he could not say why, for he never got as much mutton as he wanted, and he hated the eye of No. 222. No. 222 was a man named John M'Gibbon, ?who had passed into prison as the result of an ingenious but unsuccessful attempt to pay old debts in a new way. Being of a genuine philosophic temperament, he bowed resignedly to the inevitable, and made himself as comfort able as he could. Amongst his relaxations 'were the occasional visits of the chaplain, a fat and pleasant man, who would listen with an air of surprise while the prisoner told him army strauge tricks in cards, ;md the profits that might proceed from the skilful manipulation of a double pack. Not unfrequeutly the chapUiiu dissented from the prisoner's views on c.ird playinpr, and on these occasions No. 222 would reply that when ho alluded to the conco ilment of aces in the sleeve of an experienced player, he did not suggest that ins hearer should resort to such practices. His object was merely to expound the possibilities of an art of which lie desired that the chaplain should never become the victim. ' Knowledge, even of this peculiar kind,' he said, 'may b3 of service, sir, to the best of us. in circumstances 'which ran never be foretold.' Sometimes the chaplain was disposed to get up and go while one of these discourse*, was in progress, but . as often as he attempted this a srlan-;e~ irom the prisoner's eye drew him to his seat again, and he was powerless to move until he felt that the prisoner by his otto will rebascd j teim. Thus the chapUin also was drawn j within the influence of that mysterious eye. I Extraordinary things began to happen iu prisop, aud it became evident that the internal order of that establishment was less strictly kept than before. This made for the comfort of the prisoners and for the discomfort of the officers. More than once the warder whose duty it was to ring the bell for risiug in the morning was half an hour late at bis post. The prisoners slcptagreeably during that half-hour, but a very bad quarter of an hour was subse quently experienced by the neglectful wurdsr. The chaplain had a well-meant but tedious habit of expanding hie Sunday sermon ; all at once lie became ? very pleasantly brief, yet it seemed that his brevity was quite involuntary, for li* would stop short aud pronounce the benediction in the very middle of an argumont. Curious things happened to warders who had made themselves unpopular amongst the prisoners. They went to sleep quite early i:i the afternoon while presiding over a gang iu the workshop ; they forgot how to count thair men on parade; they shouldered their rifles upside down; they made pointless jokes in the presence of the deputy governor, which he greatly disliked ; they carried prisoners for punishment before the governor and did not remember what they had charged them with. Several of the warders laid their heads to gether in the mess-room, and said they be lieved No. 222 was the source of all thU 'mis- chief. They agreed thereupon that the life of this prisoner must be made a burden to him. that he might cease to exercise his di.ibolicul powers to the injury of tho warders. Now in this prison they had a favourite foolish way of annoying tho prisoners by ordering them to have their bail out. It was a form of persecution whiuh no one resented more than Number 22'2, whos*) hair had been in happier days his chief personal vanity. HIb intense dislike to come under tho shears of the prison barber (who always mada ?what ho called ' a smooth job' of his victim's head) was known to an assistant warder, who laid Mb plans accordingly; and having his gang about him in the tailor's room on the afternoon following the discussion in the nie.^s room, he presently called out : ' 222, take yer stool and go downstaiiy aud liarii ycr 'air cut.' Tie hand of No. 222 went instantly to Mi herd, and felt it all over in a slow, care ful manner. There was not one particular hair upon it that exceeded a quarter of an inch in length. Everybody in the room knew his hatred of tho barber, and, as ho had been cropped three times already in less than a month, it wag evidont that the order was a msre piece of gratuitous tyranny on tho warder's part. The warder was a poor creature, with waak eyes and an irresolute mouth ; and No. 222 iu his unassuming way took the measure of him at once. He rose, and in a respectful tone requaated the attention of the warder to tho extraordin arily scanty condition of his poll, adding that it ?was with regret he felt compelled to decline compliance with the order. The warder eat bolt upright on hia perch, and looked aB if something hud snapped insido him. \- The other prisoners were no less aghast, and fell to wondering whether No. 222 would get a month's bread-and-water, or a flogging. All this while No. 222 was gazing quietly but fixedly upon the weak-faced warder. The officer repeated his ordor in a voice that began iu a roar and onded in a low ruttlo. With the eyo of tho prisoner rivoted upon it, his countenance underwent a sudden and startlin' change. Tho eyes grow iixod and vacant, ana all the muscles stiffened ; then the pencil whioh ho had taken up to write the prisoner's name for report upon his slate slipped through his fingers, and ho grew rigid on his Beat. ' I think, sir,' said No. 222 softly,- 'that I need not have my hah- cut to-day.' ' You need not havo your hair out to-day,' replied tho warder ; but he spoke Hko a man in a dream. ' You are somewhat sleepy, sir. The after noon is wurm. You had better enjoy a Httlo siesta,' pursued tho prisoner, who all this while had not removed bin eycB from the war ; der's face. 'I am somowhat sleepy. The afternoon is ? ivann. I had better enjoy a little sioata,' ' echoed tho warder ; and atlU he spoke like one : -laid in dreams. . ? ' Tbat'a right,' said No. 222. 'Yon slrjll I go to sleep like uu nngcl in a moment'; but ??'SrBteco whether vounave any tobacco and a 'n«TfBpa«erinyourpookot.' ? - Tho Vardor?a i hand went automatically to hh pocket, nud drew from it a tobacco-pouch and tho day's journal. Ho laid them on the desk bofor* him, then his head fell forward, and he slept like a man entranced. No. 222 walked to tho officer's placo and took up tho tobacco-pouch and tho newspaper. Tho pouch had been newly filled ; an even distribu tion of its contents resulted in a quid a-pieoo for tho conviots, and each man received his morsel and chewed it with a palo, astonished face. No. 222 then took up his position beside tho sleeping warder, and proceeded to read aloud such items of intelligence from tho criminal tribunals as ho judged most likely to interest his audience. Thero was n signal enormity about these transactions which, when thoir astonishmont and alarm had in some measure subsided, tho prisoners wore not slow to appreciate. Fow articles aro in a higher degree contraband within the walls of a. prison thau newspapers aud tobacco, and to chow the one while listen ing to the police reports in tho other constituted a height and excess of illicit felicity such as seemed cheaply bought at the price of prospoo tivo whippings. At the end of an hour or so, No. 222 folded the newspaper, and, having laid it on the warder's desk beside tho tobacco-pouch, ic turued to his seat. The convicts resumed th?ir work and silence was restored. A fow moments lator the warder awoke with the same suddenness with which he had fallen asleep ; but tho aspect of his fucoand the air with which ho glanced over tho room showed at once that ho was utterly oblivious of everything that had happened siuce the moment when he first addressed himself to No. 222. Seeing his newspaper and tobacco-pouch ou tho desk before him, and thinking it improb able that he had placed them there himself, he concluded that he had gonu to sbep for a few minutes and that his pocket hud been picked. But he held his tongue, for suck thing! had. happened before, and he was much too intelli gent to lay a charge against his gang which he could only substantiate by inculpating him self. If No. 222 had previously been a mm of mark amongst his associates, he basked now in tho sunshine of a fiuno such as no prisoner h:i-J ever enjoyed before. But they grovr desperately afraid of him, concluding,' as many of the warders had already done, that he had dealings with the father of night. Meanwhile, No. 222 conducted himself us he had always done, with gentltncss. politeness, and good 'humour, ami continned as before to earn the highest pos sible number of good-conduct marks per woek. The assistant warder whom he had subdued in the manner described made no report upon that affair, because the remembrance of it had, by some occult agency known only to his sub duer, been utterly effaced in him. And, odd to relate, this same assistant warder became from tlmt day kindly and almost atfectionately disposed towards No. 222, and used his in fluence with a higher officer to have him pro moted in the gaol. His promotion brought him under tho imme diate authority of a ' principal ' warder, with whom until now he had had very lit.le to do. This was a small sturdy man, with teeth like tusks, and an acrobatic agility of frame, who would provoke a prisoner into knocking him down for tho subsequent satisfaction of pro curinsr him a flogging. This warder no sooner had No. 222 under his control than he hated him ; he no sooner hated him than he resolved to incommode him ; he no sooner resolved to incommode him than he proceeded to put the resolve into effect. He perceived that No. 222 was a man of mild behaviour, undone who might bo expected to accommodate himself to a course of correc tive treatment. He set him dirty little tasksof a superfluous character, and accused him of breaches of the rules, which he could not possibly have com mitted. When on duty at night, in the cor ridor in which No. 222 had his coll, he would hiss «jftly at him through the slit in the door which served as spy-hole', and would wake him at midnight to say that he had his eye upon him. 'I thank yon, sir,' was the only rejoinder he could ever obtain from the occupant. One night he unlocked the door with a snap, let himself into the; cell, and said, 'I've caught you, my pippin, have If' ' At what, sir?' inquired No. 222. 'You're a-chewing tfirbackor, 222,' replied tlio warder. ' I am a stranger to tho use o£ tobacL-o iu every form, sir,' said the prisoner. ' Gut out of bed. I'm a-going to search you,' returned the warder. The mild-mannered prisoner obeyed, and tho spiteful warder made a pretence of search ing him. In stooping to feel tho lower part of his body, the warder's cap rolled oil. No. 222 quietly bent over the man's head, concentrated his gaze there, and breathed hard upon it. A cold shiver ran down the warder's back, and the prisoner understood that this man, like tho rest, was sensitive to his influence. ' What are you a-doing ?' said the warder, rising up quickly. The two men confronted ono another, and the eye of tho prisoner seemed as though it would* pierce the brain of the warder. The warder's glance began to waver and shift, and his whole mien and bearing were changed. ' What is that you have at your side ?' said No. 222, pointing to tho stuff which tho warder carried in his belt. His tone was no lougvsr servile but commanding. The warder, however, had not quite lost himself, and ho answered baldly, but not so loudly as usual : ' None of your lip, now, 222. I'll run you in for this, I'will.' Running a prisouer in is tlis euphemism for convoying him to the punishment colls. 'What havo you at your sido f ' rjpeatsl No. 222, with- a calm and steadfast voice. The warder, in obedionoo to an impulss which he could not control, kid his hand upon the weapon ai.d answered : '3Iy staff. You know that well enough.' 'You are wrong,' said No. 222 quietly. 'It is a whisky bottle.' The warder plucked his staff from its case, and looked at it ; aud a spell seemed working on him. ' Yon see,' observed tho prisoner, smiling, ' it iH a whisky bottle.' 'It isn't — it's a staff, my own staff,' the warder answered slowly and sullenly ; but even as he spoke a dubious look crept upon his fea tures. 'Examine it carefully,' said No. 222. ' What is it now f' ' It's a staff— a whis— a staff. Yes, it is a Etaff,' persisted tho warder. Thou a halt light of recognition stole into hia face, and ho aiided cautiously, 'But it's very like a whiskv bottle.' . . 'It is a whisky bottle,' tho pnaonor snicL again. 'Smell it.' Tho warder raised his stuff to his faca, and noacd it critically. ' It's a whisky bottle— a whisky bottle — a. whisky bcttlo,' he cried delightedly, and made as though he would uncork it. 'Pulitback,' said tho prisoner, imperiously ; and straightway, but with an appearance of disgust anddisappointmont, tho warder returned the Btaff to his belt. By a single snap of his fingors No. 222 dissipated the effect, and the warder kuow nothing but that he had' just completed a fruitless search on him for tobacco. ' Mind how you conduot yourself, 222, else I'll run you in, I will, 'ho said, as ho quitted the cell. 'Thank you, air;- I will be careful,' answered the prisoner respectfully, and re turned to his bsd. While in his state of normal consciousness tho warder of course remained wholly ignorant of tho humiliating episodo'of tho whisky bottlo ; and as ho lost nothing of his antipathy to No. 222, ho continued to perseoiito him iu various ways. It resulted that the prisoner onn day took counsel with himself, and deoidedto bring tho matter to an issue. He had grown, weary of tho warmer, and deemed it well to make an end of him. But it was novor Mb habit to seok for opportunities, bo he sat down quietly to wait until one should come. And presently it came. Tho warder appeared ono evening in thn cell of No. 222, and charged him with dome stupid offence which it would luvo beon benoath the dignity of any intelligent prisoner to bo guilty of. Bt thin time No. 222 had Acquired such complete control ovor tho 'volition of ; this ?warder that ho could make n slave of him by a nod. He suffered him to set forth hia charge, and then, rinirg from his stool, lie placed himself before tho officer, and with a einglo glanco ho struck him into a state of cataleptic rigidity. When in tho cataleptic stato tho victim always remembered what had occurred in former abnormul situations, and ho seldom failed to rovort.to the incident of tho staff transformed into a whisky bottle. 'Let us have a little' whisky, sir— do,' he pleaded iu a wheedling tone, for in this condi tion ho was u creature distinct from his waking self. 'Silence!' said the prisonor, who was now again tho master. ' I'm a- waiting for your orders, Mr,' replied the warder submissively. 'You shall have them soon enough,' said No. 222. 'Liston to mo. In your present condition you aro iu my powor; when I re lease you I am in yours. Your power you use like a tyrant, and I am sick of H, and of you. You aro a poor and dospiouble orcaturo whom the accident of fortune has placed in a position of almost unlimited authority ovor some hundreds of unhappy criminals. I admit that many in this place are very bad m-m, and merit no better fato than the desperate one they suffer here. But you are a very bad man also, and the least suited, therefore, to have power over your natural kin. Over good msn a bid ruler is a sufficient evil ; over bad men his rule is an intolerable curse. You have too long abused your power here ; you shall abuss it no longer. I put an end to your rule to- night.' At those portentous words tho w.irder turned whiter than the whitewashed walls ot tho coll. His muscles quivered — ho shook iu overy limb. ' What are you goiug to do with mi, sir ?' he quavered. ' I am going to settle your hash,' replied No. 222 gruvely, adopting the mode of 'speech best calculated to strike homo to the feelings and intelligence of the warder. 'My 'ash, sir. Going to sottle my 'nsli. Are you going to kill mo:-' '?Oh, no,' replied No. 222. 'I am not going to hurt you in the least. I have thought of another and a more effective niodo of dealing with you. I am simply going to request you to stand on your head for a few moments, here, in the middle of the cell. I hear the governor coming ; bo good enough to comply with my request at once.' The governor, in fact, was Jmiking a round of the prison that evening, aud at that very inomeut his step could be heard coming in the direction of the cell where this unusual colloquy was proceeding. ' Stand on your head,' said No. 222. ' The governor will be hero in a moment.' A dense sweat broke upon the .warder's fore head, and glittered there in beads. 'Stand on your head!' repeated the pri soner, coldly and calmly. 'I won't,' said the warder doggedly, but his tremulous features and the rocking of his body showed him incapable of resistance to the terrible will.of No. 222. The governor's step eamR nearer. Tlio warder had not closed the doot- of the cell, and it gaped some G inches, 'Obey me now, I say!' exclaimed the pri soner, and his eyes shot fire into tho wild and fearful orbs of his victim. Ono convulsive effort to be master of him self the wretched warder made, but the prisouer held him with his eye, and made two rapid passes across the upper portion of the warder's face. The body of tho warder swung forward, he turned a lialf- somersault, and phced himself heels uppermost in the centre of the cell. The governor, with the chief warder at his elbow, paused at the unlocked door, pushed it open, and looked in. Spectacles of this sort were not common iu the prison, and for a moment tho governor appeared to doubt what he saw before him. He advanced a step into the cell, and there halted, speechless and confouuded. The chief warder looked over the governor's shoulder, and he also seemed very much surprised. No. 222 had risen on the entry of tho gov ernor, aud stood to attention, with his hands at his sides. His countenance exhibited an air of mild concern, merging m pity. In the middle of the cell, the warJji- slept serenely on his head. ' In heaven's name, what is this r' the gov ernor exclaimed at length, and he undo a lunge with his cane at the inverted figure of the warder. ' Sir. Smith on his head, sir. Would stand that way when he heard you coming, sir,' responded No. 222. 'Got up! Atten — tion! Stand on your right end! Is this a ? skittle alley?' roared the governor, but the warder's ear was accessible only to the voice of the prisoner. 'What — you won't!' and tho governor struck him fiercely two or three times with his cane ; but the warder was insensible to every shock. No. 222, who alonu had control of the warder's abnormal consciousness, now silently exerted his will ; and tho warder at once re sumed an upright posture, and his senses awoke. Of the situation of tho previous moment he knew nothing; and seeing the governor he concluded that he had just en tered tho cell, and tainted him in tho usual manner. 'Follow me, sir,' said tho governor with suppressed fury, and tho warder went out after him, perceiving tlmt something was amiss, but being quite without a clue to the situation. The next day it was whisporjd iu era-y ward of the prispn that No. 222 had woi-kol another miracle, and that Warder Smith had lost his office. Yet wondera did not cease, and there was no ease for tho warders. A subtle, imponderable force, to which no material barrier3 could bo opposed, issued from tho coll of N» 2*2*2, and passed silently, swiftly, invisibly, into the calls of other prisoner--, creating tho strangost effects upon tho occupants. Some woro troubled with distressing dreams ; some spoko of snikes, catprpillars, and lobsters in their bed3 ; and not a few saw the disembodied spirits of persons to whom they had owed meney. A great uumbar became suddenly deaf, dumb, or incapable of movement when at work in the daytime, and remained so until the magical influence whick seemed to surround and overpower them waa removed. Ono man was fined 200 marks for saying that chocolate and cold quail would be a wholesome substitute for bread and chesao on Sunday, and another was put on bread and wator for u week for complaining to the gov ernor that ho saw blue flames playing about tho head of the apothecary. Formerly, nono but tho officars of the gaol had been subjected to these ostravagant oxpari ences; but now the prisoners and their officers were victimised together, aud about one-half of the population seemed 'to have run dean mad. The persons who were afflioted in the30 peculiar ways woro such as had rendered theniuolves burdensome to tho raUcl-niamierad 222— warders whoso treatment of him was more zealous than tender ; prisoners whom he could not endure because of their extreme ugliness ; cooks of tho prison who baked, boiled, or roasted the rations in a slovenly manner ; and all those who3o crim-ss (which ho had seoretly learned) seemed to call for a ?weightier punishment than thac prescribed by law. No. 222, in a word, was rapidly acquiring compute ascendency over tho volitions, sensa tions, perceptions, memory, and imagination of all in the prison on whom he choso to cast the reiistless Bpell of his cbraeo. : It should hero be stated, that the doctor of the prison was absent on siok leave, an orderly of the medical department having adminis tered poison to1 him in a moment of annoy ance. The dootor's place had been taken by a young and futile man from a London hospital, ?who distributed pills on a priuciplo of his own, aud gavo cough -mixture to a prisonor who oomplained of the gout. H» saw nothing in the madness of No. 222'a innumerable victims which could not be cured with the assistance of tho warder who was usually appointed to flog. But tho warden*, ono and all, bogan to bo horribly frightened. It had boon their ondea. your hithorto to hoodwink the governor touoh ingthe Euppoeed origin of the strange and wooful visitations, but in this theyhad not beon entirely successful, for tho reason' that somo of tho cases which had to bo brought bofore him were so unparalleled in thp record of prison delinquencies that his worship bogan to be sus picious, and somo searohing and awkward questions wero tho result. Now, however, tho officers decided that tho tune had como when tho governor should be put in posseBsion of such faots as they knew, and the chief warder and tho second warder were doputed a deputation to wait upon him. They had an interviow with tho jjovoruor, and put him in possession of tho facts. But thero was roally only ono fact, and it amounted to thix, tlmt extraordinary things had happened and wcro happening iu tho prieon. Tlio rest was conjecturo, and tha conjecture of tho chief warders and his subor dinates reduced itself to this, that, iu somo way or other which they could not explain, prisoner No. 222 was uccountablo for ovory thing that had arisen to disturb tho peace of tho gaol. Tho governor said this was odd, for th« warders had boon compelled to admit that, so far as his own conduot was concorned, No. 222 was nn exemplary prisonor. But tho governor perceived from tho statements told to him that tho credit, if not salvation, of the gaol was at stnko ; so ho sworo onco or twics to clear his mind, and having finished swearing, ho ordoi-oi tho prisoner to bo brought to him. In tho same breath ho countermanded the order, sworo again to show that ho know wlrit ho was about, and said ho would soo tho pri sonor in his coll. Ho was conducted thither at once, and went in alone. 'No. 222, in accordance with his regalnr habit, was spending the half-hour before bad tiruo in a little quiet meditation, and had just been speculating as to the simple»t and least troublesome method by which he might effect his escape, for the monotony of an unpiofitablo confinement began to bo irksome to him. Ho read tho purport of tho governor's vinit in hia face, and readily divined tho causss to which it was owing : the warders had sent the govornor to interrogate and intimidate him. What thon ?. 'Pooh ! ' said tho piiaonar to himself. 'Pooh!' ' Ydu are accused of creating disturbances in tho prison,' said the governor, and went on to lay his charge. While he spoko the prisoner's eyo was engaged in a quiet but rigorsus scrutiny of the governor's features, and such points in his character as discovered themselves thero wera quickly noted. 'Pooh .' ' tho prisoner aaid ti himself onco more, for he had satisfied himself that tho governor also was susceptible*. The governor finished his harangue, and sworo once or twice to show that ho meant what ho said. He was a man who did not swear except upon occasion. ' I am going to take you in baud, mymau ! ' said the governor, at tho conclusion of his charge. ' And I you, my man !' responded the prisoner, in dulcet but penetrating tones. Tho governor's first thought was that he had a madman to do:il with, and his hand went behind him iu an instinctive search for tho door. ' Remain where you are,' said tho prisouer, observing tho governor's movement. ''I will show you tho door by- aud-by.' The governor, who was a bulky m-in and full of blood, orimsoned from one ear to the other, aud his throat and tho bald space ou his head grew red as well. There was a rattling in his throat, and then he said— ' Do yon know that I can havo you ftogj-od to the bone for this, prisonor f' ' 'Yes, yes; but we will not talk of that. Yon and I are going to be excellent friends,' said No. 222. ' Do you know who I am ?' The governor's eye-balls were red now, and he was just able to articulate. ' Perfectly. But do you know who you are ? Come now, tell we your name.' Tho governor made an effort to shout for as sistance, but his tongue clave to his palate, and he could not get speech. 'Tell me your name,' said tho prisoner soothingly, and as he spoko ho waved both hands gently boforo the governor's face. ' I am Major Goorge Alflxander Fordyce. I will have you flogged to death,' responded the governor. ' Why will you talk of flogging f ' said No. 222, -with a smile. ' Let us loavo all that. We must be pleasant. I like your name, but suppose I give you another. Tut, tut ! you must not glare at me like that. I will make you call yourself by whatever name I choo3e.' He made another pass over the governor's face, and tho fury vanished from it, but a dull and sullen look came in its place. ' Sit down hore upon this bucket while I think of another name for you. So' — for the governor's m-iscles had tugged him down, though ho resisted with tho wholo foroe of his will. ' Now let me think. I must give you a name which shall be quite absurd and mean ing-lcss. It will be such fun, you know; and you shall accept it delightedly. Soo now, I'll call you Tickletoby the Tenth. Isn't it fun? Now, once more, what is your name ?' The governor sat silent upon the bucket, but an expression the most piteous imagiuablo overspread his features. 'What is your name?' repeated the pri soner. 'Don't!' pleaded the governor. 'Anynamo but that ! It is so very, very foolish.' ' Yourname, sir, j'our name !' said t!i9 in exorable prisoner. ' ' Tick ? No, no, please ! Any nanu in the world but that !' 'Resist me further, and I will dissolve you where you sit. Now, for tha last time, your name.' 'Tickle-to— by the— the Tenth,' mir mured the governor, from whose lipj tin foolish words wcro wrung by the shosi' will power of tho prisonor. Two passes more, and ths governor smiled on him, aud pronouucod the namo qulto choir. fully. 'Good!' ex'-laimcd No. 222. 'I told you we should be excellent friends. Ono word more and I havo done with you. You aro my slave at presont, but in five miuute3 I shill ba yours. We are very friendly now, and I insist that yon remain my friend in your waking; state. Do you understand me ? I will it to bo so.' 'I shail certainly rem-iin your friend,' rj plied the govornor in a tone of tho most em phatic willingness. 'Very good. Get off tho buolcot.. I can't have you sitting thero when you find yourself in authority again, for you look very ridiculous, and would wonder what had beon happening.' Tho governor roue smiling, and the moment ho slood on his foot he was tho sumo mtu who had entered the cell twenty minutes oarlior. No. 222 was in a deferential attitudo before him, and had, as tho govornor imigineu, jiufc concluded a statemont which made it clear that ho had been maliciously accused. His feeling towardB tho prisoner was kindly, and when No. 222 asked som? slight favour of him, ho granted it, and wished him a goad night. ? ' No. 222 went to bed and slept tranquilly. The next diiy lie decided finally that lie would quit the prison, for, despite the conquests he had made within its walls, ho was very tired of it. In no long- timo ho had ovolvod aud shaped his plan. It was an adroit, and even a brilliant, plan. It fascinated the author himsolf. Two whole days ho dwelt upjn it, pored . ovor it, toyod with it, and hugged it to himself ; for tho cunning of it flattered his vanity. Ho felt a scientific interest iu it, apart from all question of its probable or possible issue, for this plun involved tho submission of his powors to a. great and decisive tost. Briefly, it waB this: he was to Beoure hU release from prison without tho lifting of a finger or tho utterance of a syllable in his own hohalf. .,.,.;,. , .-., Did such achievement lie within tho oonipasa of liumnn skill ? . At this timo thoi-o was residing in well appointed chambers in Cork stroet, Piooadilly, a youug man favourably known to tho best society as tho Hon. Alan Bede Fitzgibbon., Ho was a well-brod and gracious young man, for whom family connections, transparent pen-, manship, and un unusual reverence for tho Constitution had combined to procure tho post of junior assistant Bcoretary to tho Seorotary of Stato for tho Homo Department.1 ? . ' , : ?:...; One evening, some throo or four, days af tor No. 222 had resolved on obtaining lua froe dom, this young man dressed ' himself for a ball, and entered tho cab which wbb to take him to tho houso of his ontortainbr in Kon sington. It was lato, and tho night was cloudy ; and aa tho cab passed through a dim and half deserted square in the neighbourhood of the park, there appoared suddenly to the startled vision of FitzGibbon, mirrored and flaming in space right ahead of him, this brief surprising legend : — Professor John M'Gibbon, No. 222 in H.M. prison at — -, ?Wronutully Convicted. Tlio words hung beforo him in spaoo tov aomo five or six neooii'ls, and mnltod into the dark ness. In livo or six seconds more thoy ro appeareil, burned in tho air level with his gazo for about tho earns brief poriod, and again vanished. But by this time thoy had- impressed themselves upon Ins brain. All that night, at intervals, the freakish words continued to assail him. Thoy pricked, his brain, mado onset at his oar, and multiplied themselves in a thousand shapes aud colours boforo his oyes. Ho had no joy at all that night, of woman, or of wiuo-oup, or of valso. Ho quitted tho ball, and culled a cab to drive him homo. Thero was tho legend still, painted iu qui vering yellow letters upon the curtain of tho night. Alan went to bed liko one iu a night mare ; for the thing had no sensible import for him ; ho coilld not pick tho ghost of a meaning out of thoso dubious words. When ho awoke thoy woro still beforo him : — Professor John M*Gibbon, No. '222 in H.M. Prisou ut ? , ?Wrongfully Convicted. Aud now appeared for tho first timo four new words, in tho form of a postcript : — He must be releosail. 'Thodovil ho must!' said Alan, and foil to thinking-. 'Who is Profossor John M'Gibbon, and why did thoy convict him wrongfully, and what in tho name of Mesmor has it to do with mo ? .' ' Mesmor ! ' No sooner had he snid this word than his mind began to be faintly illumined. * He thought again, and having thought awhile ho remombored somewhat. John M'Gibbon, orstwhilo profcRSOi-, was the_ name of tlio famous mesmorist, who, during a little summer of renown, had startlod the town by his performances. _Ho had onco, at an evening party in Belgravia, mesmerised Alan himself, with unequivocal success. He recalled the professor's words on that occasion. ' I believe that I could do anything I pleased with you,' the professor had said ; and cer tainly ho had done strange things with him that evening-. He had, on tho samo occasion, mesmerised tho Home Secretary, and mado him declare that his watch was a baked potato, much to tho annoyance of the Prime Minister, who was of tho company. Still cogitating, Alan next bethought him how the meteoric career of tho professor had been misorably cut short and' blighted by a certain sensational trial tit tho Old Bailey, in which the professor himself had occupied a position in the dock. Tho jury returned a verdict of guilty without quitting the box, and tho judge had passed a heavy sentonco, as the public hud said that mesmerism should be put down. Fitzgibbon was an assiduous youth when his intorest was aroused, and he now set to work to find find read tho roj.orts of tho trial, together with tho comments of the newspapers upon it. When he had finished his study of the case, he could not but agree with tho writer of a loading article iu a morning journal, who oxpressed his opinion that the verdict against M'Gibbon had been obtained less upon tho evidence offered to the court than upon tho speech of tho prosecuting counsel, who had made himself painfully jocular at tho expanse of tho occult arts and their oxponcnt*. What was to bo done now ? Waiting upon the Home Secretary the same morning in tho ordinary course of his duties, he found that trusty and well-bsloved sorvant of tho Queen in a distraught and nervons con dition. The Hone Secretary complained that he had been plagued during two nights by drearas about a person called John M'Gibbon, who said that be had been wrongfully im prisoned, and must bo released at once. The private secretary turned pale and re plied, ' This is very remarkable, sir, for I also havo been troubled with visions about the samo man.' ' Then,' said the Homo Soci-efciry, in evi dent uneasiness, 'this must be tho parson calling himself a professor, who played, suuh impertinent tricks with mo at Lidy F — 'a eno night, making me, as I was afterwards told, declaro to a very distinguished company that my watch was a baked potato.' 'It must bo he, sir,' replied Fitzgibbon, 'and ho did very oxtrnorduury things with mo the same evening.' ' What is he in prison for ? ' inquired tho Home Secretary. Alan told the story to his chief as ho had read it that morning, and emphasised tho weak points ho had discovered in the cast! for tho prosecution. ''I have it on my mind,' said tho Homo Secretary, 'that unless this person is. roleasod from -prison he will do something singularly unpleasant.' ' Th^ro is no doubt that he is a man of pre ternatural abilities,' repliud Alan. ' He is cnpablo,1 almost of bringing about a change of Government,' said the Homo Secre tary, nervously drawing a ghost on his blot ting-pad. 'He might, indeed, offect our removal, sir,' said tho young man. ' He might bring on a revolution of some sort,' said the Homo Secretary. ' I believe ho could do anything hi plenssil,' said Fitzgibbon. Tho Home Secretary without further words took n sheet of paper, and began to write a letter in a tremulous way. ' What aro you doiug, sir r' Fitzgibbon ventured to inquire. 'I cannot help it, Fitzgibbon,' answered his chief, very nervously, and writing as hard as ho could. ' Something controls ami impsls me. I am not muster of myself. This man must be a vehement and unmitigated villain ; I know ho must, and yet I am raovel to write that, having fully inquirod into tho oiroum stanccs of his trial and conviction, it Ins bean homo in upon my mind that ho is the victim of a desperato and dastardly conspiracy. Thoro — don't intorrupt me ; I feel euro that thoy were all in league against him. The judge was his enemy, tho jury was paokod, this counsel was a more scoundrel. Oh, to think that jus tice should be so pervartnd in a country liko ours! But ho shall bo roleascl, though I Iosd office for it.' ; ' And tho Home Sesrotary (a phle-jm-itio and sceptical nun at most tima*), who now wore the air of a person suddenly au-1 conplotoly possessed, finished his letter with an offort and addressed the envelope to 'The govornor of H. M. Prison at ? .' 'Alan,'.' ho said then, with forood jocu larity, ' I am coins to give you an afternoon in tho country. Thosi foolish events have upset you ; you want a breath of fresh air, niy boy. Take this letter and travol down by the afternoon's express, and give it into the governor's own hands.' His manner ohnngod, and ho addod sadly : 'This is a most doplor able business,. but I feel that I shill not rent till it is settled. Lst ma seo you ths momant you return.' That afternoon, aa ho sat in tho prison work shop diligently stitching waistcoats, a strango calm stolo ovor tho spirit of prisoner No. 222, and in tho same moment ho know that his will had triumphed, . and that his hour of release was ut hand. Lnto that night Alan arrived at tho prison and demanded to boo tho governor on business of tho Home Seoretary. Ho was shown at once into the governor's presence, and gave him the letter that ho boro. Tho governor read it and looked surprised, but said that he was not sorry. , ? Thonoxt day No. 222 waa a free, man. 