A STRANGE PHENOMENON. in -S- M The Cradock correspondent of the Adelaide Observer writes on April 29 :-" A mysterious ghost story comes from near Yanyarrie, about 17 miles from Cradock, and is creating a sensation here. It appears that at a house of a farmer named Hamdorff during the past several weeks an unaccountable knocking has been heard in various parts of the building. On Monday night Mounted-constable Mitchell, accompanied by Messrs. H. Hayward and A. J. Graham, proceeded to the place, determined to thoroughly investigate the matter. It was a dark and lonely drive, and the party arrived at the house about half-past 8, and found the place a pine and pug tenement on the banks of the Boolcunda Creek, about 30 yards from a waterhole. The proprietor had left for Quorn, taking with him his wife and a little girl about 7 years old, who, they thought, had seemed to attract the knocks, as they stated the noises had almost invariably proceeded from that part of the house in which the child was at the moment. Two boys, aged about fourteen and nine respectively, were keeping house, and the party, in merry incredulity, ate their provisions, let the fire go down, and about 9 p.m. blew out the light, the boys having told them that the "ghost" appeared soon after the light was extinguished. Within two or three minutes two of the party heard a low distant sound as of a splash from a heavy stone dropped into a pool of water, followed by a footstep, immediately succeeded by a distinct knocking at the outside of the chimney. Two at once went outside, but could see nothing (it was a very dark night), but heard the knocking on the inside. The knocking was a loud and distinct as an ordinary knock at the door. After a few minutes Mr. Mitchell went outside, and Messrs. Hayward and Graham took his place inside, but to each the knocking appeared to proceed from the other side of the wall. They asked various questions, which were replied to by knocks, and on one of the party .. hearing the knocker to 'knock louder,' the next shook the building. After nearly an | hour's duration the noise ceased about 16 p.m., and the party soon after proceeded to camp' but not to sleep. About 2 a.m., their nerves having become somewhat calmed, they would soon have been asleep, but the same sounds recommenced, and continued till nearly 3 a m., when the ' supernatural visitant decamped, leaving no trace behind. During the second visit they each went round and round the house in turns, but to no purpose, though the knocking was heard at almost every part, and several times so sharp as to make the building tremble. Many of the neighbours and residents of Carrieton attest the reality of the sounds. Of course there are incidental rumours afloat of a shepherd drowned near the spot many years ago and of a flitting form having been observed by people out at night house-hunting but, whatever may be the cause, I have it on the authority of Trooper Mitchell that the noises as narrated do occur, and that the performance is weird and eerie in the ex- treme." 