T H E N O V E L I S T , PHANTOM AF^IiAUSX. BY M. E. And nothing of the sort happened. Oi course not. These things never do. happen when I am in the humour for them. J walked into the house in as prosaic a manner as possible, and received with a propergrace my wife's thanks for not having been about " fussing " her all day; and gave her due meed of praise—not too much, of course —for the way in which she had managed our. flitting, and kindly overlooked the breakage^ that had occurred. Next morning, as I made my way to the train I overtook Charlie Dempster You all know Dempster- He is not a bad fellow, Charlie. He belongs to the Opposition shop j BO his politics are, of course, detestable. And be thinks that he can write a bit, which he can't; but not a bad fellow by any means. 1 4 Hello, old man, who'd have thought of seeing you here ?" was his greeting. " Why, my cockalorum" (I have a bad habit of calling people cockalorum-*} wi^h I could"break myself of It), " J Jivp her?.." " The deuce you do J Since when 1" Yesterday." " Thought I'd have seen you about if you had been here any time. Where do you •7hang out!" " Roseberry-villa." Whew!" Charlie gave a prolonged whistle expressive of astonishment, and looked at me with such an amazed air, that I began to feel uncomfortable. "Why mayn't I live there as well as any- -^^ody else 1 I suppose I can pay the rent, ^Master Charlie?' " Certainly, my dear boy, certainly. Only I didn't think that you'd have cared to—but there is no accounting for tastes. No doubt you like Hying with an old friend." u I wish you wouldn't be so blessed mysterious. You are not writing a leader for the Postboy. Let us have your meaning, if you have got one." "Why, you don't mean to say that you do not know where you are living f' " {told you befote thai I am living at Roseberry-villa." " And you don't know what Roseberryvilla was called before it was Roseberryvilla r " No more than I know what songs the sirens sung or what name Achilles assumed when he hid himself, amongst the women." "It was called * Lima.' " Good heavens! . I was living at H Lima," £n the very house where one of the moBt horrible of tragedies had taken place. Poor, poor Carton J What an unhappy life—what a miserable end had been his ! And my residence was the scene of that terrible death. What a fool I was not to have recognised the house when I first saw it. Why, there had been pictures of it in ajl the papers, with plans of the interior and full descriptions of all the rooms. I shuddered when I 'thought af iib, particularly as my memory recalled some of the most horrifying parts of the horrifying accounts. .1 felt dizzy, and for a moment leant a- gainst the fence, gazing stupidly at Dempster. " Why, Tow; I didn't think you would have fcj&en; op like this, or J would have imjfcen it to you more gently- I forgot that you were rather friendly with Carton. .Cheer up old man. It is not natural for an author . to feel so acutely the io^s of ft critic," And jfche good fellow fcaed to cover my distress by affecting a callousness he did not fell. This discovery weighed on me like a nightmare. I carefully concealed it from my wife ; but she soon noticed th$t something &QS; and was endless in her surmises p.nd inquiries. Howeyer, I managed to keep her in the dark as to what was weighing on my mind. . Bat for a while the burden was & terrible #ne. My fagcy was so vivid in the matter, and fny memory so good. The real and actual appearance of the frouse seemed to be always vanishing from before my eyes and its image, as it was at the hideous and bloody details, appeared to be always rising in its place like a dissolving view.. And there seemed to be always ringing in jnj .ears the words of the unfortunate man— u There may be heaven, there may be heaven, there must be hell." For some days I almost dreaded that my season would go. But Ifought against my own sensations; I reasoned with myself; I occupied myself about the house, till I gradually forced my senses to recognise the realities about them and not the phantoms of what had been. By degrees 1 grew quite accustomed to my .surroundings. I seemed to forget the catastrophe, and to only retain towards Carton the kindly feelings with which I had regard- ed him during his life. But I suppose that you are thinking that tny ghost story is a story without a ghost, Courage, I have nearly worked down to it now. Some months had elapsed since we had -taken possession of our new abode; our life .^fcad dropped into its usual routine, and I ,- r "had quite ceased to regard the house with * the original horror, when the incident 1 Jhave undertaken to relate tc/k place. One evening Emmy had accompanied some friends to the Royal. We had had orders from the shop, and 1 thought it a pity that she should not go, though 1 could not accom- \- pany her. So she arranged to take the • - Dempsters. Our little pets were on a visit to their grandmother, ajid our staff of domestics had obtainad leave of absence for the 'evening to see her cousin from the country, so I was alone in the house. I would have dearly liked to have accompanied the party to the theatre, but duty tied me to my desk. The fact is, that I had receiyed a letter from my editor that evening which kept me at home. It was close to Christmas, and he was, apparently, in great anxiety about his Christmas number. He had written me to this effect:— " Dear 'F.,—That idiot, — , has disappointed me again. I relied upon him for a four.column Christmas story; but he has something so stupid that I really can't put it in. Send me copy to that extent at ce. As it is Christmas time, something ghtly sensational, of meek tragic, would be best." There was nothing for it but to sit and grind out something to answer his purpose, Bo, having seen the theatrical party started, I sat n}e down to perform my task- To be Continued.) 