; ..Sports and Pastimes. ? -i ???. By 'Vebax.' Some people, aro born with silver spoons in thoir mouths, at least so wo aro pi von to undor Btand on tho best authority. I 'should, how ever, rather fancy that the spoon would bo conducive to a speedy dissolution in the oaso of a newly-born babe. Somo people, I believe, arc born grumbling. As soon as they aro ushered into tho world thov err, then thev howl, will not go to school, gradually growing into manhood, and grumble at anything and everything. I do not wish to bo classed amongst thegrumblors. although I must do a growl oc casionally, and I am open to bot a rcady-mado suit to a box of Cocldo's pills, that I shall nevor toe the colour of that silver spoon. If I do I will shout for all hands. Last week I had not time to allude very particularly to tho Q.T.O. meeting. There was not much to grumble at in it, but there was some exceedingly funny running — enough to make a saint growl. I think that Theorist was an unlucky horse to lose tho double. Had ho been ridden to order iii the Cup he would, I have no hesitation in saying, have beaten the winner, Wetherondulo. Nerricker's orders were, I believe, to force the pace, and come away half a' mile from homo. He did not do anything of tho kindi Ho, roligiously, kept in tho rear with Yabba, and came down tho straight when it was too late. Theorist can get 2 miles, and go at a groat pace the whole of tho way. ? Yabba,' som'o people,, seem to think, was told ? off to look after Theorist. This may have boon, the case, but not knowing I' cannot say.. One tiling I will say, that had Theorist been pushed along, YaJbba would;not hayo had much chance of settling him over two miles. Yabba. I kuow did.a great trial between tho Handicap and tho : Cup. That in my opinion lessoned his chance for tho latter race. There was no necessity to : try him at all between the first arid second day's racing. That both Yabba and Theorist could have beaten the winner I feol certain, more especially 'as regards Theorist. ! ;I am speaking ? from tho book now. Some very knowing cards have an idea' they have got Theorist's measure. They hayo not by 'a long chalk, as they will find out' to thnir cost somo day;. Mr. Hunter is about the etraightest man that we have'got hero. I like his downright way of saying what ho means. Ho does not beat about tho bush .md : mislead the public. I hardly think he had fair ?nlav in the Cim. and Xmn r-prhnn linltml unf. Vif Ipswich. Well his day will come, and if ho does not make some of the'euto ones bleed I shall be astonished. Many a time have I been laughed at for calling Pirate ono of tho best horsos wo have in training. Tho laugh is on tho other side now. Twelve monthB ago I had a good look at M'Gill's horse, and put him down on the right side of my book, and he has been there evor since. The way in which he polished ofi My Love and Yabba in the Royal Stakes was a treat ami lie ?won rather easily and not all out as stated else where. Anotherhorso thatlhave constantly told my readers to back is Lord Headington. When I selected him for Tattersall's meeting I know he was as good as Touchstone on even weights, and on that occasion ho had about a stone and a-half less on his back. Ho also won his two races at the Q.TiC. meeting like a racehorse, although I think Parody ought to have beaten i him in the Hamilton Plate. Lord Headington is, perhaps, the J best two-yenr-old out in tho colony so tar, and ho should come in handy for the classic races. Medusa has, I am afraid, lost all her old form, and My Love is' not the mare she once was. It is bad policy to keep running a mare ofi' her legs when »ho ought to bo in the paddock. Wetherondalo is ? a good, honest horse, but by no means a gem of tho first water. He won the , Cup, it is true, but without at all detracting from the merits of the victory, I think tho form will be proved to be wrong. ? Bo'sun ran a great race when he won tho Hurdles, arid he would take alot of beating now as he is in fine form. Sir John confirmed his Warwick rnnning by the easy way in which ho sailed in for tho Stand Plate. Le Grange, winner of the St; Leger, was bred by Mr. W. H. Kent at the Grange, and sold by that gentleman to Mr. James M'Gill, of Ipswich, who christened the colt after tho estate ho wus bred upon, and riot aftor Count Lngrungo as was erroneously stated elsewhere. Le Grange was ono of a batch of yearlings sent to Sydney for sale, and along with My Lord, Lalla Roohh, and others retumod tin sold. Halcyon being tho only one of the lot disposed of on that occasion; he was also by Epigram, and won tho first time of asking. Le Grand also went to Sydney for sale in tho first instance, but failed to find a buyer; lie, however, found a purchaser when ho next '* went there. Pecuniarily the meeting must hayo been a ^success, and the club have, no doubt, realised a considerable . profit. The totalieator is the ?great mainstay, and without it thoro would bo very little racing I think. Tho bookmakers say that the machine ruins racing. Of ?course it does from their point of view. They point to Melbourne and Sydnuy .-nndsay, ' Look at the racing 'thorn, and there : is ho totalisator.' But the circumstances are very different here in Brisbane. We have not the wealth of Melbourne orSydney to lavish on librseraoing, nor the population to keep it up with. The Q.T.C., after paying oxponses of ' the machine must have eloared nearly £1,100. Would tho bookmakers contribute this each meeting ? No, nor in the course of a year they would not. It is said again that a man cannot back his horeo to win him a large stake whon the machinois at work. Cannot ho? What is to prevent him? Any man that runs horses here can back them for as much as ho wants, : unless it' is tin enormous stake. If there is betting it should bo dono with as littlo damage: to the community as possible, and the total-' isator is certainly the most harmloss way. Biit 'v it is riot legal all the same, and tho soouor it is licensed tho better if it is to bo continued. , Tho annual meeting o£ the. Q.T.C. passed oft' without any particular display of fmo ' tiousiicss 'on the part of the membors. Tho 'factory, and pu'sBe'd unanimously. Some ox ' ception was -taken to ' an item for racing 'expenses, but tho Becrotury satisfactorily ex plained all tho : accounts; ? Mr. E. A. Smith ',' brought forward' threo notices of motion;' Tho 'first, pi-cvidirig'forthb allowance' to goldings to bo increased to .6 lbs.', was .easily passed. The next; 'with 'regard to- 'starting' horses ?» from a walk, met- with a , considerable amount of opposition, but tho roasons givon against it were not sound. To say that because v tho starter is a competent man ho should hayo unlimited; powers is too much o£ a good thing, and yet. this, is practically what some of the speeches meant:'; In tho old country tho Jookoy ; Club rule says: cf Tho horses must bo started 1 from a walk.','1 ,. There jb no doubt about this. The word is mint ; not, may, or Bhall be.. As . ' Mr. Smith said, if it can bo done in England, it ' can be - dono here. Tho liite Mr. Tom M'George| perhaps, the best starter; that over wielded a flupr, 'used to take his, horsos book and then~ walk. thorn down to. the' p,03t, giving the word' ''to' ' go when 'ho' .'got -., them ?--? in line. Flying starts . woror never mido;1 The horses1 all jump 'off from1 the1 walk'as 1 the flag drops. ! An objection i-rag; raised at j . the mooting thattlioMaribynibng Plate, could' I i j'not be' started' in this manner. It could easily \ Ticnough. ihero aro moio two-yoar-old raoe3 run in Erigland than elsowhore, and I take it ) '* t that two-year-olds ore of the same' -.tempera- 1 ment all over the world. Take, for instauco, ', . ?? the Brooklesby Stakos at Lincoln Spring. Hero ,wo havo a good field of youngsters' out for then1 first race. I never saw a flying start for i this race, mid I have seen at least a dozon Brook ? leBbys run for. If a two-year-old is handled properly there iB more chance of a good itart from a walk than anything else. Firing starts are ' obviously unfair, and I d-- not boliovein tho I chalk-lino system at all ; in fact, it is like a i 'i baulk on tho track. Sovoralwoll-known racing P men ? supported Mr. Smith, Mr. Hunter boing I '? one of them. The bookmaking fraternity wore y loudest in opposition, and no doubt had good , reasons to bo so. Flying Btarts ai-o to tho ' bookmakers' advantago, and they probably aro . aware of: this fact. Mr. Hohnes is a grand 1 starter, and if he liked could start tho horses '. from a walk with ease, as he has plenty of \- command over the jockeys. At present the rule - of tho Q.T.C. as regards starting is broken at ovory mooting-. If it is wrong, ohange it ; but to ? go on breaking it with impunity t is tending to lower that august body in tho esti mation of tho public 'Verb Sap,' inTuea , -.,,. day's Telegraph, writea an excellent letter, ?. which I hope has been troll read. Tho next : motion waa that in wiling raoea ih.Q BUtjjlus should go between the club and tho second horsa. This' was also loat. Tho Quoonsland Tnrf Club are constantly breaking this rule on tho hcud, as tho surplus ought to go to the race fund alone. If it is divided it is a most ab.=mrd thing to divide it between the winner and not the second horse. Mv. Williams, who ouirht to have known better, said if t'uo money was divided between tho club and tho second horno it would pay him bettor to run second. I am sorry to hear Williams avow that he would ran second in preference to first if it paid him better. This statement explains many things that were a mystery to me before. It would not pay either Williams or anyone else hotter to run second, because they would lose both bets and stake, and might not get a pound sur plus. Such nonsense is childish. Mr. Smith, I think, is occasionally a little inclined to obstructionist tactics, but when he calls atten tion to the fact that the head club of tho colony is breaking its own rules in the most flagrant manner, ho cortainly deserves some thanks. I hope now that a littlo new blood is in tho com mittee these things will be rectified. ' : ' '' ' : The Gympie Turf Club will have a grand meeting for tho winter . gathering. . In tho Gympie Cup and tho Town' Plato all the best horses in the colony aro oiitorcd. Mv Love, Pirate, Wetherondalo, BY, His: Worship, Phconix, Ormond, Parody, Gloire de Dijon, Fano, Clarence, &c;, all figure in tho entries. Thero slioiiU bo 'some good double books open on tho Cup and Town Plate.. I wish tho club the success they desorvo. ? . ?; Mr. Dawbarn is responsible for the Rock hampton weights, ? and ho need not bo at all ashamed of them. , Tho Eookliampton Handi cap and the Port Curtis Handicap aro exceptionally well framed, . with perhaps tho pardonable error that tho local horses have been pitched in a shade too easily. Yubbais top weight in both races, and I do not fanoy him hero, although if meant ,ho ishpuld remlor a good account of himself. My Love and Pirate are on the same mark, and 1 expect to see tho ' all blue ' beat tho ' all yellow ' once moro. Theorist ihasr: been,} scratched. : Wethorpn dale will fiud;7 st. 8 lbs. and 7 st. ll;lbs. a bit' moro . than ho likes, ., but might. run into a place with-it. ? Gloiro. do Dijon has not .been' seen at .her best hero yet. Parody is coming on, and has shown a return of form of late, but of Goldoiistouo I. canuot say much, as it remains to be soon how ho runs in good company. : His 'breeding is . good onough. Marksman is not troubled with weight, and with Ener ht and well -at the post, 1 suomd. not look much further for the winner. Sun dial is in the Port Curtis Handicup only, and withTst. 6 lbs.i should have a show, but tho distance may be a littlo further than ho likes. If I had to go for a lot now it would bo Pirate, Parody, Wetherondale, and Suudial. ' Veno ' say«: ' Wagering over theEook hampton and Port Curtis Handicaps seems to bo already fairly brisk. There aro two or three pencillers in town, I boliovo,- amongst whom I may mention Mr. M. H.Harris, of tho On Stanley On, who informsmoho has laid Yabba and Yabba, Wetherondale and Wotherondalo, Manola and Manola, Wetherondale and My Love, &c;, all at 100 to 6.' At Maryborough the nominations 'are good and there should be some first- class sport, but I shall have more to say about these ovents when I see the weights. ? ? ?? At a meeting of tho EockhamptQn J.O., held at the secretary's office, somo forinal matters having been disposed of, the appointment of officials was considered. It waa decided to re quest Mr. A. W. Jardino to officiate as judge, and Dr. Callaghun to again undertake the duties of timekeeper, whilst the club committee were to be stewards. Mr. E. E. Dawbarn was appointed handicapper, and Mr. J. C. Johnston clerk ot the bciiIcm. A letter was read from Mr. Harris with reference to working his totalisator at the coming meeting. After some diicuFsion tho (secretary was directed to inform Mr. Harris that the club could not ontertain his proposal at present. It was further re solved to call for tenders for conducting tho machine. The sale of the usual privileges were to be left in the hands of Messrs. A. J. Callan and Co., the date to be advertised. A letter was read from TatterauU's Club, ask ing for tho use of tho racecourse, grand stand, and enclosure for the purpose of holding a race meeting on the 10th of August next. Per mission was granted, the club nnaned to be charged £30. The next matter for considera tion was with reference to using numbered saddle cloths. on the horses competing at_ the races. After somo discussion, it was decided to adopt the mimbors on tho joclceysr left arms n preference to .tho cloths, and Mr. A. J. Callan and the secretary were directed to make the necessary arrangements to carry tho motion into effect. The secretary was instructed to communicate with tho Colonial Secretary, ask ing to hayo tho raco days proclaimed public holidays. A letter from Mr. C. Loch, of Emerald, was read, asking to havo th« dis qualification removed from the racehorse Master Kingwood, such disqualification having been been inonrred through running at uarogistoreil meetings. At Epsom Police Court, John -Beading was charged with stealing a gold watch, valued at £60, the property of Sir John Astloy. Tho prosecutor stated that, as ho was going into tho paddock at Epsom, he Raw a disturbance, and in a minuto tho roughs surrounded! him, and seeing that ono of them had snatched his watoh he ran aftor him. Ho ultimately succeeded in effecting his capture, when the prisouor took the watch out of the thief's hand1 and ran away with it.. Ho ran after him. and1 on reaching him knocked him down and applied a little pressure with his kneo on tho mini's stomach. (Laughter.) At this juncture somnbody within the court sang, ' In came M'trillitop and sat upon his chest.' He was immediately ordered to leave the court. Sir; John got his watoh ngain, and then ho gave tho ' appropriator' a little tap on iho right eye so that ho. might be sure of recognising him. (Laughter.) Aprudent policeman then cariic up, arid though, porimps, it was not his business to Bay it, Sir John thought he might have put in an uppcarance before. (Laughter.) ' 'The ' police ', were all ' ' verv fine and larsre' ' on tho conrse, but they were not, much sood on that occasion.-, (Ro riewed. laughter.) Tho' prisoner, who ut first said he ran after the first'/man to arrest him, but afterwards pleaded guilty,' was committed for three months. . ? ' ' Martindale ' says: 'I doubt whother a more snecessful day's racing was ' over held at Randwiok' than that which took place under the. auspices- of tho Sydney. Turf Club on Queen' b Birthday. ? . No doubt thoro have been larger attendances ; but the' crowd was quite numerous enough to givo a dividend to all who had speculated in tho properties; and the club's receipts mnet have shown a httndsomo'balanco on tho right side. Tlioso birthday meetings aro becoming vary important fixtures ; the fact of so many Victirian horses co:npoting being ample ovidenco of . -this. , Tlio prizo money is liberal ; and as tho profitsaro mado tho addod monoy to each event is found to be on tho in-. orease.1 ' Though' the courso- was iivfair orddr, it was slow-goiugj !ns sho\vn by itho times mado in the various events. The Eoyul Stakos raoo wi|S— with tho exception oftho'first event, ;won by old Bbuiface-^-the slowest yet run. ' 'It was a good; keen 6'-iitest; and the supportoM e£ 1 Centaur can thank young Gprry a good deal for tho win.- He ' rode a feallv good race. Tho Now Zealand marn, Mitraillouse ran a ,good race. At ?. last ;Tho Felon . has , given evidence that ho is possessed of Komi) pace. T'H« ran n really, good horse,: ? and how ho did, not , win at Canterbury Park is hard to explain., Tho 'books' must havo ' lost a fair',' airiouut,, of money oycr.tho Royal Stakes. But thoj^gpfit all back and a tiifle over iri.the Cup..' Now, and again aigood oritsider. does crop np; ,but.I doubt whether a horfe won araco wIioho ohanoo was conHidcred more : remote L than Willorob's. Ho had' not bqeiv out of the stable for; some days ; and the faoFthat he evnr arrived oh the course at nil iB duo to, Mr.,Kql8q's'hoad man, Iko Enrnrfia w. On tho moriiiris of the raco he waa bathins; tho old horse' s leg with xomn warm water when ho lifted up hi» foot sharply and punhed i*. Tlio shoo caught Earnshaw, on the bridge of thenose and mado a vory nstly wound. Hnd ho kiolcd in earnest ho must havo smashed his face in. After the race Willorob wiis vory bad, and on Wednesday could not 'more: in fiiot, stopped in ono position for many hours after entering his box. Air. Kelso did not win a penny on him. But a baoker of .the double who landed » ' thou.' handod him a centurv. Stranpe to say, this lucky baoker also spotted tho double— Maokay and All Gold — last year.' . A London correspondent writes; 'Lord Lyon, winner of the Two Thousand, Derby, and St. Leger of 1886, waa destroyed at his home (the Croft stud) a few days ago. He was tie winner of. tho first Dorby I saw run for, and I am very Borry to reUectthatit is 21 yeara ago that I saw him light out his desporato raco with Savernake and win by a head. How well I rcmembor it, for I had baoked Savornako, then known as tho Bribery colt — at a long prico too, 31! lo 1. How old it makes ono feol, 21 years ago ! How swiftly they have gone, and now tho poor old horse haB gone too. Strange to say, Lord Lyon only won the St. Legor by a head also, and again Savernako was second. Tho lattor afterwards became a successful sire in Germany. Lord Lyon was hardly a success ut the stud, although during a long careor he got an Oaks winner, Plaoida, and finished up with a groat nourish of trumpets when Mint ing, a son of his, finished up such a flying two-year-old at tho end of 1885.' Tho winner of tho English Derby turned up in Merry Hampton — a thrco-year-old son of tho celebrated sire Hampton and Doll Tear sheet, whoso price, according to tho quotations cabled1 on Fridaj- last, was 14 to 1. Merry Hampton, though entered for a number of events ns a two-year-old, did not carry Bilk during tho racing season of 188B. Ho was bred by Mr. J. C. M. Harrison, and entered for the Derby by_ Mr. Simons Harrison. His name appears in '25 ovents for tho present racing season, including the Grand Prizo of Paris of 4,000 sovs. 'given half by tho City of Paris, and half by the five great railway com panies of Franco, for ontiro .colts and fillies foaled in 1881 ; about 1 mile 7 furlongs^ Tho Baron, who filled tho socond place, is a well porfoimed colt, . and his position as first favourite was fully justified by his previous record. Ho is an Irish-bred colt, and when a foal was purchased for 140 guineas by Mr. W. Pallin, the last-mentioned gentleman acting for Mr. M. Dawson, who subsequently sold him to Mr. Fern. . Ho ; made his first appear ance last season in a maiden plate at tho New market Second Spring Meeting, winning by a head from Ponrhyn und Lueiana, who run a dead-heat for second place. Ho next won tho Woodeoto Stakes at Epsom Summer, carrying 8 Bt. 12 lbs., Sir Galahad (S st. 9 Um.) boing second, und tho colt by George Frederick but of Ma Belle third. Ho won tho International Two-year-old Plite at Kempton Park July by a short head from Cactus, presenting- the second with 1G lbs. For the Astley Stakos he carried 9 st. 7 lbs. to thoforo, Canterbury and St. Mary being his nearest attendants. His last running reeord is tho Craven Stakes of £728 15s., at the with 0st.'6 lbs. in tho saddlo hedofeated a field o£ nine by half a length, Carrasco 8 st. 10 lbs., and Rex 8 st. 10 lbs., filling the second and third places respectively. The Baron is also entered for the Grand Prize of Paris. Martley, who ran third in the Derby, is a chestnut colt by Doncaster from Lady Margarette, and, as a two-year-gid ho was credited with two winning brackets. Ho secured tho Kompton Park International Two-year-old Stakes, 5 furlongs, at Kwnpton Park August Meoting, and also tho Kempton Park Champion Nursery Handi capfor two-year-olds, /furlongs, at the October meeting. The institution of tho English Derby dates back to tho year 1780, and thero are .only two other great races of greater ago — namely, the St.. Leger, which wus first run in 1776, and the Oaks in 1779. Mr. Charles Allen, of Herberton, Northern Queensland, has purchased (through Messrs. WiUiarii Inglis and Co.) the English roiidstor stnlliori,' Cock Eobin, recently imported by Mr. Hugh Eea, of Melbourne, and the hovae. in company with tho racehor.se Clarendon (full brother to Cerise and Blue, also purchased by ?Mr. Allon at Mr. Clibborn's sale of racehorse's in April) loaves by tho first steamer for the northern ports, en route to Herborton. It ap pears that Mr. Allen intends to form :i stud nlose to tho town mentioned, and with that objeet in view lie has purchased 150 well-bred mares, carefully selected by Messrs. Inglis and Co.; and, as ho commenp.es with horses of the highest quality, it is not too much to oxpect that tho venture should bo most snccessfnl. Cnek Robin, who was foaled in Juno, 1882, is a bountiful bay ; stands 1G hands 1 inch; has splendid style and action, combined with great strength ; ho is by tho celebrated chariipion sire Lord: Derby from May Morn, by St. Ivos (by Shalosv by Marsh luna SJialcs) from Fireawuy, &o.; Clarendon, who is 'by Wilberforco from Myrtle, carried silk 11 times during tho raoing season of 1S85-6 as a tlirec-year-old, and was credited with o«o winning bracket at tho spring mooting of tho Murrumbidgeo Turf Club in November, 1883, when he won the Maiden Plate, 1J! mile, with 7 st. 12 lbs. up, in 2 mins. 25 seesi Ho ran third in the Members' Handicap, I mile and' a furlong, at the A.J.C. spring meeiriiitr in Sep tember, 1885, und third in the October Handi cap, 1} iiilo, ut the spring mcotiug-of tho Syd ney Turf Club. ' Aujirur ' sayB : ' It is the intention of the committee of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club Committee to erect a new stand on. the ground now ocsupied by tho small temporary open stand between tho grandstand and: tho saddling paddock. It. will, I believe, bo a. two-story building, and a portion of ? it will bo devoted to mcnibera. I hope wo are not to- havo another wooden shanty. If Williamstown can provide a building principally composed of brick and stono, surely an institution of tho standing of tho V. A.T.C can afford to give us a building which trill be a credit to tho designers. I um sure ills will not be if it be composed entirely of wood. The members would like to- see some thing substantial as well as handsome, sotno thinjy to which thoy could point to with pride, as tho members of the A J.C. do whon they are showing visitors their stand. In buiMing n now stand no parsimonious spirit should bu displayed. It is intended, too, to increase tho accommodation devoted to ladies in the old stand by extending tho western end, and tho fair sex will appreciate this nttcntinn on the part of tho V. A.T.C. Tho late Mr. Bngot used to deolaro that whorover tho mem bers of the fair Bex assembled there would be found tho other sex in strong numbers, and ho mado tho comfort of tho Indies ft speciality. So docs Mr. Bond ; and, aftor all, what would a meeting bo without their assistanoo ? Probably tho ihvetorato gamblers who attend raoo meet ings merely with an idea of winning money aro sordid enough to regard their absence as pre ferable to their presence; but the man' who goes to! a toco mcetimrto onioy tlio snort is always glad to .welcome those who help to make lif e.w.orth living. : -The worthy seoretary of the V.A.T.C. knows that tho ladies, urou powerful factor in tho success of, his meotings, and he is ; determined that they shall have no causM to complain oE the arrangements at Caulfield.'. Lovers, of sensational ovents will find tho following account of a steeplechase that was recently run on the Autouil . oourso, Franco, rather interesting : Two horses, Trident and Hant-Cloud, wore tho only starters for tho event, and, in jumping the brook opposite tho tribune, tho foniior fell, and got rid of his jookoy (Benson), diaries Cunningham, the trainer, who was standiug.by,' at. onoo oaught tho horse :'iind' mounting, proceeded in pursuit' of; Haut ? Cloud. ' At tho next water jump, however, Trident ngniu came to grief; sending Cunning ham to grass, whereupon Bob Coulthcrn,'u well-known jockey and trainer at Mason's Liifilto, 'jumped into tho saddle,1 but ho also ? ciime d cropper, and then Httleiiaker mounted. Huut-Cloud . in the meantime had got half a niilq ahead. , But, rorobing- (as thny say in Franco) ut a. hurdle,. Baker. inauagod to ovor ..]ianl;,liiinj jUrid^oycutually won, amidst , tfu iriendous applause-..' All tho riders of Tridont (Benson, Cunningham, Coulthorn, arid Bilker), had to, go to the spales, arid as. the horse had jumped tho 'proper 'course, ho won tlio -raoo. It is doubtful whother suph' ii thing has ever before happened, and it 'certainly deserves to be recorded among tho curioBitieB of ,racing. Tilings worth knowing :— ' , ;j That Theorist haB'been soratohed for Boole-, hampton engagements.' : '? .'? ?? ? ' ? '? '' ' '- That some ipeople hayo seen' Fred Archer's ghost on a white'horso- galloping round Now- : nuirkot Heuth.r , '? ,; : ? ? : That they should get. a few private tips from tho said ghost. ? .' i! ?'?;: *i Tlmt Onnond is improyhig', and does not roar much now. . . ' ', . ... ' ,' That a very successful rane meeting was held atYaambft on Quoon's Birthday, overything pausing off without ii singlo hitch. . That Mr. P. E. DalzeU has purchased the old jumpor Marksman back again from tho gentleman to whom he sold it some little tune since. That Mulholland is evidently a bit afraid of Lawson. ' The British Museum 'Library is increasing at the rate of more than 100 volumes, a day. 