STAGE from sr ERS. BY .PnoJirTER. The general performance of " The Magistrate has already been noticed at some length, but I want to say a good word for a young actor. Mr. Greenaway's stage career can only be counted by months, but there can be no shadow of doubt that his Cis Farrington is one of the best played parts in the comedy. He has made a distinct and longitude in his profession, for he has thoroughly identified himself with the forward young scamp, and plays it with the case of an old stager. It is seldom a youthful actor has so fine an opportunity-or, having got it, it is still more seldom he makes the most of it. Mr. Greenaway has not, however, failed in that direction. " The Run of Luck" has been transferred from Melbourne to Sydney with almost the same cast as when produced by Bland Holt in the former city. George Rignold has, however, been replaced by Mr. Walter Howe, whose arrival from London I recently referred to. Miss Kate Bishop continues in the play and has made a hit, and so also have the scenery and the horses and foxhounds. Minnie Palmer and John R. Rogers and J. F. Macmahon caught Sydney people " by the wool in much the same fashion that they did those of Brisbane. The newspaper men were as usual drawn into the little lady's not. It may be supposed that they kicked at first, but finding it useless they succumbed with a smile. Be that as it may the self-styled independent papers bubbled over with effusions about Minnie Palmer and her success ; or about John R Rogers and his managerial career. But the American newspapers surpass them all. The other day I saw a paragraph in the Brooklyn Daily Eagle, I think announcing that in Melbourne Minnie had been presented with a crown of gold set with all kinds of precious stones. John Rogers and his wife have evidently selected Shakespeare's words, " Doth give us bold advertisement," as their motto. The electric Minnie and her John and her diamonds sailed for San Francisco on Wednesday. Another venture in comic opera was made at the Gaiety Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday night. Leon Caron conducted, and among the company were Miss Ivanova, who was in Brisbane with the Dunning Opera Company, Miss Minna Fischer, and Signor Verdi. The Queen's Jubilee was not allowed to pass over unnoticed by the actors and actresses of the United Kingdom. An address has been prepared, and to it will be attached the signatures of all the members of the profession who are at all get-at-able. When the shoots have been collected they will be bound up with the address in a handsome volume and presented for her Majesty's acceptance. It is to be hoped the signatures will be copied as apart from other considerations they would practically form a complete roll of the dramatic profession in the United Kingdom for the year 1887. The following sentences occur in the text of the address :-' The manifold blessings of peace have been showered on the land through your righteous dealing with your people and with other peoples, and under your gracious protection all the arts have flourished. For us who follow the stage as a calling a new era has come. With the remainder of your subjects we rejoice at the blessings which have followed in your footsteps and as actors, we are proud to be the Abstract and Brief Chronicles of your Time.' " Australians are shortly to have an opportunity of hearing that clever opera- bouffe artist, Miss Leonora Braham, who played the part of Rose Maybiid in " Ruddygore." This lady and her husband, Mr. Duncan Young, late leading tenor of the German Reed Company, were to leave England in June by the Orient line steamer Ormuz for Melbourne, both having been engaged for a lengthened term by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove Miss Braham has been succeeded at the Savoy Theatre by Miss Geraldine Ulmar, who played the part in New York on the first production of " Ruddygore " in that city. The OMeayo indicator states that her salary is "500 per week." If the paper were not American- I should suppose an error had been committed. A friend of mine asks me to state that Miss Amy Sherwin, the "Tasmanian Nightingale," who has lately met with such splendid scoop tions in Melbourne and Launceston, ought not to be confounded with the Miss E. Sherwin, who has appeared on the operatic stage in Brisbane. Surely such a statement is unnecessary. Both are Tasmanians, but otherwise they are as opposite as the poles. The great attraction on the 1st, June in London was the performance of Byron's tragedy "Worner," by Mr. Henry Irving and his company for the benefit of the veteran playwright, Dr. Westland Marston. The scenery and appointment!) were magnificent, and the acting and everything else up to the Lyceum standard, although the play was only intended to be performed once. The play was a new version by Mr. F. A. Marshall, who re-wrote some portions. It was cast as follows Worner, Mr. H. Irving ; Josephine, Miss Ellen Terry Ulrich, Mr. Alexander; Statenhoim, Mr. Wommin ; Gabor, Mr. C. Glenney ; Isenstein, Mr. Howe ; Ida, Miss Winifred Emery. The prices were high - for instance, stalls two guineas but the house was full. I have no space to do more than quote from the Daily News of 2nd June "Towards the close of the brief address admirable alike for its matter, its choice of words, and its modestly effective delivery in which Dr. Westland Marston, after the fall of the curtain upon the last scene of Warner, returned thanks to Mr. Irving and took fare well of his brilliant audience, there was a pleasing reference to the speaker's first play, produced ' ' nearly half a century ago' at Drury Lane. Itwusto "the great est actor of that day, William Charles Macready, who enacted the part of the here, that the young writer, full of ambitious hopes, owed his happy introduction to the play-going world. His friend Macready has long since passed to his rest; but now in the dramatist's declining years, when fortune, as we were touchingly reminded, has somewhat withdrawn from him her favour, it was once more the greatest of living actors who had stood forth to rendering a splendid service." As Rigoletto" was recently performed in Brisbane by the Simonsen Italian Opera Company, it may be interesting to mention that at a performance of the opera at Covent Garden Theatre, London, late in May, the famous tenor solo, "La Donna a mobile" was not be demanded. This was a rare occurrence, indeed, and the World critic may well say it was the first time in his recollection that an encore had not been called for. The tenor was Signor Figures now comes in London. The latest papers to hand publish full details of the burning of the Opera Comique, Paris. Writing to London from Paris on 27th May, a Press correspondent says-The burning of the Opera Comique Theatre has plunged all Paris into mourning. There is nothing else talked about from the Arc de Triomphe to the Barriere du Truno ; General Boulanger is for- gotten ; the still pending Ministerial crisis is no longer interests anyone the steaming ruins of the most popular theatre in Paris and in France are the centre of all emotion and sympathy. Small and great alike accepted the charm of the Opera Comique ; the most aristocratic names of France covered the subscription lists for its fashionable Saturdays; its popular Monday performances assembled in crowds the modest melomuniaos of the Faubourg on ordinary days this roomy, well-behaved, and thoroughly correct theatre was the favourite neutral ground for pro-matrimonial introductions. During the past forty-seven years many thousands of marriages must have been made in this theatre under the auspices of the Dame Blanche or of the Doslillon de Longjumean. The Opera Comique possessed the confidence of French mothers. The members of the dramatic profession, who for obvious reasons are precluded, as a rule, from accepting invitations to dinner, were invited by the Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress to a luncheon at the Mansion House on Wednesday, the 15th of June. The cards of invitation were very numerous. A special morning performance of Ruddygore was given at the Savoy Theatre on the 18th May, in aid of the Actors' Benevolent Fund. Mr. R. D'Oyly Carte gave the use of the theatre, and the company volunteered their services. ; Miss Carlo, the little lady who played in London, and was at latest advices playing in the country the part of Alice, in Mr. Saville Clarke's adaptation of " Alice in Wonderland," has been confiding the story of her life and adventures to a contributor to a Cardiff paper. Although this clever young person is only twelve years of age, she might already claim to be an actress of tea and a half years' standing but for the fact that her earlier appearances were necessarily made as an infant in arms. Her first speaking part, it seems, dates from some little time after her fourth birthday; her earliest marked success from her performance as the intelligent child in the "Silver Fang," at the Princess's. The late litigants, Mrs. Conover and Miss Amy Roselle, were each, according to latest advices, about to take benefits. Mrs. Conover had been granted the use of the Drury Lane Theatre by Mr. Augustus Harris. The opportunity has been taken of Miss Amy Roselle intent to go on a starring tour in the provinces early in the autumn to arrange for a complimentary benefit, tendered her Sherbro her and sister artists as a token of their esteem. This should prove highly successful, for a ladies' executive committee has been formed, and will include such eminent representatives of the dramatic profession as Mrs. Kendal, Miss Ellen Terry, Miss Mary Anderson, Mrs. Stirling, Miss Genevieve Ward, Miss Wallis, Mrs. Arthur Stirling, and Mrs. John Wood. A committee of gentlemen was also formed, and joined by Mr. Henry Irving, who, moreover, offered the use of the Lyceum Theatre for the occasion. The benefit was fixed for 10th June. Tile Adelphi drama, The Harbour Lights," was on 11th June played for the 500th time without an interval - an event without a parallel in the history of this theatre, and one on which Mr. G. R. Sims and Mr. Henry Pettitt have been cordially congratulated. It is an interesting circumstance in the history of theatres to note that enormous alterations at the Adelphi have been carried out without closing the theatre for a single night. Mr. and Mrs. Kendal have received proposals by cable and otherwise from the United Suites in view of their visit to America to play in leading theatres, but it is understood that nothing has been as yet definitely arranged. The visit will not take place till the autumn of next year. Mr H. Irving, Mr. and Mrs. Kendal, Mr. Charles Warner, Mr. Willard, Mr. Fernandez, and Mr. Herman Vezin were among the artists who had promised to assist Mr. Clifford Cooper on the occasion of that excellent actor's fare well benefit at the Princess's Theatre on 23rd June. Mrs. Brown Potter, whose stay at the Hay- market proved shorter than she had expected, but longer than she apparently deserved, has determined to make another attempt to impress London playgoers before she returned to America. She was to appear for a few weeks, beginning at the end of June, at the Gaiety, where she meant to introduce herself as the heroine of a new play, " Mademoiselle do Bressior." This drama, the adaptation by M. Delpit of one of his novels, was produced only in April at the Ambigu, Paris, with Made- moiselle Tessundior and Deschamps and M. Charles in the chief parts. It was withdrawn early in May, but only on political grounds ; its notion involving frequent references to the struggle of 1871 between the Communists and the troops of Versailles. Its story turns upon the love of a Communist's EOU for the woman who, to avenge the death of her father at the hands of the mob, gave up his father to the military authorities; an awkward motive which, however, is said to be developed with much delicacy of sentimental interest. In the Argonaut (San Francisco) of 2nd April I find the following: - "Pretty Miza Wenthorsby, Nat Goodwin's wife, who used to be a marked attraction in his company, died last week under the surgeon's knife. Her will shows a remarkable instance for one in her profession. She leaves 3000 to her mother, and the remainder, estimated at about $80,000, to her husband." This lady whose death is here recorded is, I think, the Miss Woathorsby who was a most useful and popular member of poor old Buokslono's Haymarket Company a decade back. The American tragedian, Edwin Booth and Lawrence Barrett, will start out together next September, and their jointstarringtour will cover nearly the whole of of the United States. Their I'oporloiro will include " JULIUS Caesar," with BoothiisBi'iitiisiindBiirrettasOassius ; "Lear," with Booth ns Lette and Barrett is Edgar ; " Mitchells," with Booth as Macduff and Barrett as Macbeth ; "Hamlet," with Booth as Hamlet and Barrett as the Ghost; "Othello," the two tragedians alternating as Othello and Togo ; and "The Merchant of Venice," with Booth as Shylock, Barrett not appearing until the afterpiece, "The King's Pleasure." Mr. Irving contributed a paper on playgoing, to a goody-goody paper entitled the Young Man. In this he wrote : " It seems to me that the stage, being undeniably an institution which you cannot destroy, should commend itself to all reasonable people as an instrument of judicious recreation, and as an educational influence. There is no difference in principle between studying human nature in the theatre and studying it in the pages of fiction, and when I am told that there are evil influences in the drama, and that this or that entertainment is immoral, I can only say that there are a good many novels which are injurious to morals, but that there existence is no reason why the young should not read Scott, Thackeray, George Eliot, and Dickens." After a long successful American tour, Mr. Wilson Barrett arrived at St. Pancras Station on the afternoon of the 19th May, and was received and welcomed with great enthusiasm by a large number of his friends in a room engaged for the purpose at the Midland Hotel. Mrs. Bernard Reece made a graceful little speech, and presented Mr. Barrett with a laurel wreath. In a few words Mr. Barrett thanked his friends, and expressed his satisfaction with his American success, and his regret that he had now no professional home in London, but hoped that it might not be long before he was again settled. He began an engagement in Manchester on the following Saturday. A dramatic version has been brought out in Boston, U.S.A., of Mr. R. L. Stevenson's curious story, "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," where it achieved considerable success, all the seats for the opening performance being booked some weeks in advance, audiences unusually brilliant and representative thronging the theatre nightly. It is probable that a version of the story will be shortly witnessed in London. ~ The London Figaro describes Dosdomona's dresses in the Milan performance of " Otello " as follows :-" In the first not she wore a light blue satin. in the second, a lilac and light blue satin, with long flowing sleeves, white lace and flowing a blonde wig, and a lilac bro- cade with panels at the side of white satin edged with gold lace in the third, the same dress as in the first, with a lace veil in the fourth, a white silk nightdress." The latest triumph in the way of mechanical aids to stage realism was successfully tried in a new play in New York. One scene is laid in the interior of a fire-engine house, and all the devices incident to an alarm of fire are brought in. A surprising incident at the Park Theatre in Brooklyn occurred one Tuesday evening in March. During the third act of Sol Smith Russell's comedy '" Pa," one of the characters gave an exhibition- of dancing. While this actor was in the middle of his performance a man in his shirt-sleeves ran down a side aisle of the theatre and Jenpod on the stage from a box. As soon as he had landed near the astonished actor he proceeded to give a very good imita- tion of his dancing. He danced a sailor's hornpipe so well that most of the audience thought that he was one of the company. The impression was heightened by the admirable manner in which the company behaved. Not one of them showed the slightest nervousness. The agile stranger was permitted to finish his dance. Then Russell motioned to him with a fan which he held in his hands to leave the stage. The man looked at Russell in a some what dazed manner, and then quietly walked off the side entrance. A scientific novelty is a lens which magnifies, yet is perfectly flat on both sides. It is made at Jena by the manufacture of Professor Abbe's new optical glass. The lens consists of a single disc whose density varies so that-its refractive power decreases regularly from the surface inward. 