Here and There BV " JAPONICA." It has of late been the custom for English- men, who have distinguished themselves at Home, to visit the colonies, and write their impressions of us. But, as their impressions generally are pretty wide of facts, it would be perhaps., better for our interest and their own reputation if they just quietly allowed their impressions to go unrecorded. James Anthony Froude is the last one of this class who galloped through the colonies, and the result of his travels is a little book with the comprehensive title of "Oceana." Now what can J.A.F., or any other person, possibly know of the manners and customs of a people whom they only see for a few days. But then, there is a twofold reason why an English tourist is tempted to write a book, to let his countrymen know what a great traveller he is, and to let the colonists know what a classical scholar he is. The first startling statement in Mr. Froude's book which attracts the reader's eye is as follows:—" In all my travels throughout the colonies, I never met a hungry man, nor saw a discontented face." This statement may be very true in Mr. Froude's case, but it is exquisitely facetious, for as he spent most of his time at the Australian Club, or in the drawing-rooms of Messrs. Dalley, and the late Sir James Martin, or down the harbour in the Government launch, whereof the pop- ping of corks let people know, &c.;, &c.; the statement was an easy one to make. But listen how beautifully he describes and dis poses of four hundred miles of country, from Albury to Sydney. " We were asleep when we crossed the border. What a pity he woke up at all. A special carriage had been reserved for us, not lined with blue satin, (Oh, thanks), but comfortable enough to make to make us unconscious of ornamen tal differences. In the morning we became aware of a change in the aspect of the country. We were in the high bush, with an. occasional clearing, We were among the mountains, or what the Australians call mountains, from 8 to 8,000 feet above the i sea. Of animal life there was little visible. A few parrots, and only a pair of laughing jackasses (and these were inside the carriage. After breakfast, the country im proved, things generally do improve after breakfast, farms and homestead began to show. In the forenoon we ran down these hills to the plains, Ten miles from Sydney, the detached cottages became thicker, and smartened into suburbs. The city spread inland to meet us, and we had been many minutes running between houses, before we arrived at the station. Now, what do you think of that for four hundred miles of country. Why don't some one from Wagga or Goulburn go home and shoot Froude. But listen to him some more— Sydney harbour this time:— "A passage about a mile wide has been cut by the ocean between the wall of sandstone cliffs, which stretch along the south west Australian shores. (South west is good). The tide from without, and the fresh water from within, have formed an inlet like a star-fish. The valleys are clothed with the primeval forest of eucalyptus, and dark Australian pine." Now it would be interesting to know when and where the fresh water floods into Sydney harbour sufficiently strong enough to, in any way, alter its formation. And it would be interesting to know just what part of the harbour one might go to view those dark Australian pines. He is at the Botanical Gardens now, listen:— " I stood admiring, till twilight had become night. The stars grew visible, and the great bats, the flying squirrels, came, out to hunt the foolish moths." Now these are just a few extracts from Mr. Froude's little book. There is only one thing I feel sorry for, and that is — when he stood entranced near our public gardens, whilst the great bats, and flying squirrels chased the silly moths—a mighty swarm of the fiercest Liverpool Plains mosquitos didn't come and chase away the silly historian. A Penrith correspondent writing under date of 14th instant, to the Evening News, takes upon himself to say, that amongst several candidates named for the next Parliamentary election for the Nepean, none of them will stand a show save Mr. Lees, adding at the same time, "that Mr. Lees is well known, and very popular." It would be interesting to inquire in the first place, by what strange process of reasoning this correspondent arrived at the fact of Mr. Lees being first favourite, popular, and so well known. This correspondent has probably been pillowing his excited brain upon a late copy of the Protestant Standard, and had the the nightmare pretty bad, as he speaks of a crisis in our midst. Just whereabouts this political crisis is hidden, I should like to know, I would certainly like to go and see the cussed thing, and put a 25 per cent duty on it. I will bet my bottom dollar I name a man that can lick any man in this country by the name of Lees. What my informant called a jolly bit of fun took place at Mr. J. J. Kernahan's slaughter yard, on Friday afternoon last. It seems a Mr. Glasscock, with several others in Mr. Kernaban's employ, were run ning in a bullock to be slaughtered for Satur days delivery. But this particular bullock said that he didn't want to be slaughtered on so short a notice. So he went for the nearest horseman, which was Glasscock, who swerved his horse so suddenly round that he brought him up against a stump, which movement gave the bullock a chance of running his horn 10 inches into the poor horse's thigh. The horse, rider, and bullock, all went suddenly into a horizontal position, and the bullock since told me that he was sorry that he didn't take Mr. Glasscock's photo, on the spot, for, said he " I never saw an individual look so interesting, unless perhaps, a chap I once hoisted over a five rail fence over near the Queensland border, when I was a two-year old. I hear that the wounded horse is progressing very favourably under the care of Mr. Farrier Byrnes. What Mamre Lane was to St. Mary's, Luddenham Road is to Penrith, that is to say, they are both important thoroughfares, and are either filled with mud or dust, according to the weather. But a portion of Mamre Lane has recently been metalled, and that is a treat. What our earnest wish is now, that a good portion of theLuddenham Road would be metalled before next winter. Good roads are of great importance, every where. After perusing the pamplet recently issued by the Commercial, Pastoral, and Agricultu ral Association of New South Wales, I think the colony is to be congratulated for having such an Association, and the great pity is, that such an Association was not established years ago. Our greatest drawback has been through the perfect inability of our Legislators to cope with the questions of questions, viz, our broad estate. An Associa tion having for its object a peaceful settle ment of' those wretched grievances which grew out 0f our land system. An Associa tion such as this can do far more good in influencing the Assembly, than even perhaps the press, having for its members both aquatters and free selectors, merchants, heads of monetary institutions, homestead lessees, and country storekeepers. The con cluding paragraphs in these pamplets should be read and thoughtfully studied by every young Australian, more especially at this time when politicians of very questionable motives are on the wing. "Beware of politicians who cherish class discords; beware of those members of Assembly who make their living as land agents; distrust those who have no political views of their own, but who can only defame and slander others; join all men who aim at peace and security, and you will help to build up a common wealth of industry, independence, and pros perity, that will make your memory live among those who come after you." A movement is on foot among the store keepers at St. Marys to establish a Wednes day half-holiday. This is certainly a step in the right direction, for people don't re quire things from the shop every blessed minute, and, considering the dullness of trade just at present, one afternoon during the week will not alter the average takings. The half day will benefit those who have long hours behind the counters — people who have had no experience in the shop-keeping line somehow imagine it to be mere child's play in the shape of work, but that is just where they make a mistake. If the store keepers would make up their minds to close for one little half day in each week they would benefit themselves physically, and their customers would be just as well pleased and would soon get schooled into putting up with the ohange. Today (Thursday) it is raining heavily, and out-door workmen are gathered together in small sections about the pubs, and other sheltered spots in thstreets. The conver sation runs lively on the political situation; the formation of the new Ministry; and A. G. Taylor's last surprise, one man remarking that A. G. T. deserves to be hooted at every turn he takes, another defends him and censures the Governor, and so on. A wet day is a time to hear all questions dis cussed-it seems to be?a? aI1 4ueBtl(mB dig working men to be ver', while that there is always something could be done at home. But the home sometimes is of small concern, merely a place to eat and sleep in, or what is just as common to kick up a row in. To smile in the street and frown at home is just about the order of things with the lazy & careless. That man who is so very obliging to the woman in the street is truly an interesting creature because his own wife is chopping wood at home and doing other work quite out of her proper sphere. She remembers the time just in the near past when he was more attentive - a handkerchief couldn't fall but he would rush to pick it up. If he would only pick up a bucket of water for her now, or do something useful about the house how much more smoothly things would run along. It is a customary thing for men to spend more money on a wet day than they can earn on a dry one. This to say the least of it, is of the "donkey - donkey ish." There is and always will be some thing to do at home, and he that has no home should set about getting one for him self. A very remarkable change is noticeable of late in one of our prominent citizens. Aust erity, dignity, and don't-come - near-me have formerly been his characteristics. Some one is curious to know what has brought about this remarkable change. Well, it looks like a growing desire on the part of this hitherto isolated being to become an M.P. Oh, I would rather be a toad and live upon the vapors of a dungeon, as Shakespeare somewhere remarks, than stoop to such paltry tricks. Such an assumed sociability to suit a purpose is deplorable. To try and dress oneself up in a borrowed suit of affability is simply trying to deceive others and robbing yourself of the only garment which Nature intended you should wear. That nicely secured piece of scrub on the Colyton Road, known as St. Mary's Public Cemetery, is now undergoing a complete change. The portions belonging to the Roman Catholics and Presbyterians are being properly cleared. If the Church of England people follow suit, the few ghosts which used to walk there on Sunday nights will have to look for a scrubbier playground. I must see Mr. S. Wainwright about getting our corner nicely cleared. This piece of land was once the Sunday Retreat for quite a number of the young and beautiful of St. Mary's, it is such a nice distance from town, and the sacredness of the soil would disarm suspicion "There is a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads on to Miss-fortune." The old homestead, Dunheved, I think the birthplace of Mr J K Lethbridge, is being quickly transformed into a new building. It is pleasant to see these old places taken care of; there is a charm about old places, just the same as old faces which are familiar to us from childhood. Mount Druitt House was allowed to go into ruins and finally dis- appear; Wallgrove changed hands just in time to save it from ruin; Shane's Park is in deshabille; Mamre, the once favoured home of fruit and flowers is like Palestine for desolation - why don't the owners do up this delightful old place? Shrivenham, of blue- blood fame, is the home of the thorn and thistle and general neglect - where peaches and apples once grew par excellence, the wattle and weeds are flowering now; Baily Park House has been fairly taken care of, and Fleurs, the dearest old spot of them all, is only in work-day clothes - the house is not so bad but the outhouses, the once famous orchard and vineyard are gone where the good niggers go. Ah! let us take care of the old homesteads. I learn that Mr W. Beacroft, who has resided in the Dunheved estate for nearly forty years has notice to remove. The new tenant for Dunheved House will require the whole estate. It is very trying to have to break up a home after almost a lifelong residence. So the old tannery at St Marys is to be worked again. This will be good for the district, and it is to be hoped a large busi- ness will be carried on. This tannery was once the very life and soul of the district of St Marys. Between 50 and 60 men and boys earned their daily bread in this estab- lishment. It has passed through several hands since then. When Mr. T. Alcock of Marrickville got possession of it, we expected great things, as he was dubbed the Prince of tanners, but as Bret Harte puts it Said the Yankee from the west They who talk least work the best Said the Yankee from the east They who talk most work the least. Poor old John Page its founder, thought to make it the first and greatest of its kind in the colony and so indeed it was for a time, but John Page, like many others, put that into his mouth which stole away his brains, which always puts the balance on the wrong side of the ledger. Exit poor John Page. It is the greatest pity in the world that Messrs Saddington and Sons didn't have a better management and made it a payable concern. We wish every success to the new venture, men who employ labour in a district are most deserving of our en- couragement and sympathy. Some one has remarked that every one who employs a hand, builds a house or plants a useful tree, does the state some service. WBLLS' Hath balsam.4-If trrav. rflatnma tsi original color. An elegant] dressing, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease, A tonio Beatoratlve Stops bair coming, out; strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. Hollowav's Pills ,and Ointment,—Glad Tidings.—Some constitutions have a tendency to rheumatism, and are, throughout the year, turns down by its protracted tortures. Let such sufferers bathe the affected parts with warm' brine, and afterwards rub in this soothing Ointment. They will find it the best means of lessening their agony and, assisted by Holloway'p Pills, the surest way of ovorooraing-their disensj, More need not be said than to request a few jdays' trial of this safe and soothing treatment, by/wliich the disease will ultimately be completely svrept away. Pains that would ninko u giant shuddfer aro^assuaged without difficulty by Holloway's e£sy and inexpensive re medies, which comfort b "bing Vessels »nd calming^ excited aom». 