FICTION. rrciu Kngltib, tmirlcnii, itr.il (tiber Periodical!. THE RIVALS. CHAPTER XXIV. AN 1NVITATO0N ACCEPTED. " Will yon drive with mo this afternoon, Margie ?" Arthur asked, when, after she had arranged the o intents of her case to suit her, they went back and resumed their seats by the fire. " I have to exer- cise Uncle Albert's horses every day, and a fellow gets »ther lonesome going off by himself." Margaret did not reply to him at once, but stooped to pick up a pin from the floor to hide the sudden pallor of her face. Then she lifted her eyes with a glance that was strangely bright and penetrating, and said: " Thanks ; I think I will, since you aro so kind as to ask me. Mamma has an engagement that will keep her at home this afternoon, and the day is beautiful for driving." Was her heart at last beginning to respond to the wild passion surging in his own ? " Where would you like to go ?" he asked, yet not daring to look at her lest she should see the joy and triumph in his eyes. I" Anywhere you like, it does not ¡níítter to me, so that I have the ride," she replied. " By the way, when did you hear from Mr. Forest last?" " I have heard from him only once since he loft the city, and that was yesterday. His letter was not very satisfactory either-merely a business epistle, and mentioned that he should be obliged to be absent some time longer. It was written from London." " Does-he know of-of our trouble here ?" Margaret asked, with downcast eyes and faltering speech. A frown contracted her companion's brow. " No j I have not known where to address him until now, so could not write to him. Doubtless he would be grieved to learn of Dunbar's mis fortune, notwithstanding that he was almost an en- tire stranger to him." Arthur Aspinwall had grown very white while making the above statement. Was it because of his hatred for the young man, or because Margaret's question showed that, no matter what he might do or plan, her lover was never absent from her thoughts. He pulled forth his watch impatiently and arose. " I must be off and leave word at the stable for the carriage to be in readiness for our drive," he said. " I will call for you at two o'clock." Promptly at two a beautiful carriage, to which there were attached a pair of spirited bays, in handsome silver-mounted harness, swept up to the door of the Houghton Mansion, and two minutes later the fair daughter of the house came forth, looking more beautiful, Arthur thought, as he took his seat beside her, than he had ever seen her before. Just as they were about to start Margaret turned to him, and asked : "Arthur, will you allow the driver to take us around to Annette's before we go on our drive ? I have a little package that I wan't to leave there." " Of course I will, Margie," he answered, smiling : " But where does Annette live ?" " Number 81 Eue de Blanc." " Why were those eyes of wonderful blue fixed so intently upon him as she gave the street and the number ? he asked himself. " Ah !" ho said, " 8i Rue de Blanc." " Do you knew where it is ?" she questioned. " I presume the driver does, if I do not. Pierre, do you know where No. 81 Eue de Blanc is." " Oui, monsieur." " Then drive directly there." " Are you comfortable ?" he continued bending forward to wrap the robe more closely about Mar- garet, though he was so awkward about it that the driver reached over to assist him, while a significant smile wreathed his lips. " Very," she replied. " But you, you are almost shivering, and you are as white as a ghost." " It is nothing," he answered impatiently, and turning away from her great searching eyes. " I believe there is an unusual chill in the air to-day ho added, " but the sun is bright and we shall soon forget it." They were not long in reaching the Eue de Blanc, and as they turned into it Arthur Aspinwall swept one swift comprehensive glance down its narrow length. " What a strange street," he exclaimed : one side of it is teeming with life, the other is as dreary and deserted as if these were no people in the world." " Yes. Were you never here before ?" Margaret asked. " No." The driver stopped before No. 84. Miss Houghton gave him a small package and »asked him to leave it at the door, as she did not wish to get out. Ho did as he was requested, remounted his box, turned his horses about and began to retrace the way they had come. As they caine opposite the narrow alley which had attracted Margaret's attention a few days previous, and from which she had seen thpt old man emerge, she leaned forward and remarked : " What a gloomy passage. I wonder where it leads !" "Pierre, where does that allay lead-upon what street?" question Arthur of the driver. " Rue Castiglione, monsieur." "Ruo Castiglione!" repeated Margaret, with faltering lips and a pained, startled look. Louis Dunbar's office was on the Rue Castiglione ! "Margie," said Arthur, suddenly, "I do not think this is a proper locality for you to frequent." "Why not?" Bhe asked, regarding him with that searching look, which of late had made him so un- comfortable. " The reason is self-evident," ho returned with a shrug of his shoulders. [' It is certainly very dis agreeable hore, and, I should say, hardly safe for ladies who wear diamonds, watches, and other fine jewellery." '"Oh, I never come alone ; mamma is always with, mc, and we come in a close carriage, with a driver." A swift pallor swept over tho young man's face, ahe thought, but it was only for an instarse " Still, it is a bad locality," he persisted. " Well, we shall not be obliged to come much longer, for Annette is rapidly getting better, and will soon come back to us," Margaret replied, and she was confident she heard him breathe a sigh of relief at this assurance. They drove several miles out, Arthur exerting himself to be social and entertaining, and recover- ing from hischillincss and pallor almost immediately after leaving the Rue de Blanc, while his spirits ruse and he gave himself up entirely to tho rare pleasure of having Margaret Houghton all to him- self. He was well versed in Paris gossip-hearing much at the club that he frequented-and he reeled off interesting items for her amusement; de- scribing the last new opera and play, while Margaret listened with such apparent attention that he fondly imagined himself to be rapidly gaining ground with her, and flattered himself that her heart might, perhaps, after all, be caught on tho rebound. " Will you go again with me, Margie ?" he asked upon their return, as he assisted her to alight, and saw, with a thrill of delight, how red her lip3 liad grown and tho slight, beautiful tint that had como into her cheeks from contact with the keen, pure air. A swift flash, like the glancing of fire, carne into her eyes at this question. " If you repeat the invitation, I do not think I shall refuse," she answered, demurely. " Thanks," he said, in a low, eager voice. " The acknowledgements should bo reversed, perhaps," she returned ¡ ,but the carriage is easyj the horses superb, and," sleeping a keen look at Kim, " f alcing everything into consideration, I think tho temptation you offer me is too strong to be resisted." What did she mean by the strange construction and emphasis or her sentence ? He could not tell. His heart gave a great bound of delight at her words, and then sank in his bosom strangely depressed. The young girl was nn enigma to him. " You shall not lack for invitations then," he murmured, clasping close the hand she had given him in alighting, and speaking with a tender cadence. She shivered slightly and withdrew her hand, while every atom of that lovely color which he so admired faded instantly out of lier face ¡ a sudden mist seemed to dull her eyes, and she caught her breath sharply. Surely she was a creature of strange moods. '* You aro cold and tired, I fear," he said, as he accompanied her up the steps and rang the boll for her. She did not answer, seeming to be preoccupied with some painful thought. " By the way," he continued, after a moment, " I suppose that unlucky diamond of mine has not come to light yet." One of her gloves, which she had been drawing off while waiting for the door to be opened, dropped upon the marble step at her feet. She stooped to pick it up before answering. " I have not heard either mamma or the house- maid say anything abcmt it, although I know that they have searched for it," she said, at length. " Well, I guess I shall have to give it up as lost," Arthur returned, while a shade of anxiety crossed his face. "Yet, even if I should never see it again, it would be some satisfaction to know how I happened to lose it." Margaret was busy with the fastening of her other glove and did not reply. The servant at that moment answered their ring, and, bidding her good-by, Arthur returned to the carriage and was driven away, while Margaret went directly to her room, with a firm, resolute tread, a hard, steel-like glitter in her lovely eyes. " An ' unlucky ' diamond indeed !" she muttered between her white teeth as she shut and locked the door after entering her chamber. (To fcc continued.) 