Flotsam and Jetsam. The True Story of Jim. A COLORADO REMINISCENCE. BY SUE HARRY CLAGETT. We had laid up that night on the Platte River. Mr. Colby, the Sheriff of Arapahoe County, had come down to Chuff's ranch in search of jurors, and, seeing a party of Eastern tourists camped near by, had walked over to make our acquaintance. He was so fresh and breezy and, withal, so genial and gentlemanly, he had such an air of being master of the situation and himself, that we were all of us glad when he accepted our commissary's invita tion to remain and sup with us. After tea we gaily assembled around the roaring camp fire and for awhile wit and laughter winged the happy time. But, as the twilight deepened, the gusty talk blew over, silence fell upon us with the night. Our shopherd, for once unmindful of the tender lambs he had led forth into the wilderness, was seated astride a waggon tongue pensively greasing his boots. Tho commissary had folded tho map of Colorado, and, dumb as a door nail, had slid himself down from the bumpy log on which he had been for some time a restless sufferer. Even Philomel, the soul and genius of our party, had, for a season, turned the key upon wit and song. Gracefully throned on hor hand-trunk, she watched in silence the bright and happy sparks that danced a carmagnole as they rose, light-footed, from the orange flames. All was quiet upon the Platte; the tongues of the waggons were not more silent than ours, The Sheriff of Arapahoe was the first to break the spell. " I started in to tell you," he said, " the true story of Jim while we were at supper, but I struck a snag in the shape of a flapjack and didn't get on with it." 44 It's not too late for it yet," said the com missary. 44 Well,"oontinuedMr. Colby, " twenty years ago I was stopping at Hard-up, Cal., trying to dig my fortune out of a mine there. In the town was a one-horse lawyer named Smith Johnson, who was about the biggest sot in all the diggin's round. And Smith had a son named Jim—a red-haired freckled-face little 10-year-old scamp who was the terror of all the hen roosts and gardens in the town. The way I won Jim's heart was this. I had a watermelon patch that was, if you'll forgive the figure, the apple of my eye. One evening I walked forth my garden for to view, and what should I nee in the middle of it but that nkeesics, Jim, letting into one of my water melons as lively as a mole. Up I oame in the rear and gathered up Jim by the waistband, whereat, finding his little game was blocked, he commenced to wriggle ana howl. 44 4 Let me go,' said he.' 41 won't come here no moro. Please let me go, Mr. Colby.' '" * Oh, you young scamp,'' said I. 4 Pre got yon now, and I think I'll keep yon.' I find it's rery safe to punish these had boys that hi a ao ready to be good when they're °*__j_____, 1?% o yon know what I'm going to' do*^BHj|| " said I, giving him a final shake u4|MPUn srp on nis! pins. 4 I'm going to send you to gio*'' 44 4 Oh, please, Mr. Colby, giyemea whippin' ah' let mo io.' 44 4 No, I haven't any right to whip you, but I'm obliged by tho law to send you to gaol, and I can tell you a gaol is an awful place. There's rats there." 44 ' Oh-o,' groaned Jim. 44 4 And sometimes in the night they gnaw off your toes.' " 4 Please, Mr. Colby!' whined Jim. 44 4 And your nose, said I, 4 and you hate to go to bed without any candle, and you can't play poker, and they do say that the ghosts of the people that were there before and got hung for stealing watermelons come back at mid night and make a dreadful noise. Oh, I can tell you it's no fun to go to gaol.' 44 Well! after I had chaffed the little scamp long enough, I gave him a sermon on the moral law and let him go with nothing worse than fright, but after that, strange to say, Jim and I were cheek by jowl. 44 Some time after the watermelon fracas," continued Mr. Colby, " I was going up the gulch to Scooptown when I saw, on the side of tho hill, the tracks of the Vigilance Committee. They were threo road agents that had been tried and hung the day before and left sus pended from the branch of a tree to strike terror into the heart of evil-doers. Well, there was a mob of boys round this monument of justice, and they were diverting themselves with running down tho hill and swinging the luckless road agents to the breeze. Jim was just receiving the cheers of the crowd for sending his man up to the branches, where he had lodged a minute before he came down, when he spied me in the road and came to meet me. 44' Yer see, Mr. Colby,' he began in a rather deprecatory voice, 4 I didn't see no use in them three thieves loafin' on that branch without bein' any use to themselves nor nobody else so I just sot them up in business. And now I've come down to ask whether yon saw an old whisky barrel on legs about here.' 444 A whisky barrel f said I. 'Why, no, Jim, what do you mean ?' 44 4 Oh, I mean the old 'nn of course.. He's gettin' most uncommon bad lately.' 44 4 Jim,' said I, 'did you never hear about honouring your father V 444 Honour that old sardine! He! he ! really an' actually now that's a good 'nn. You'd have sommersetted out o' yer skin to have seen that old coon hut night. I come home goin' on to 11, when he heered somethin' ratlin' round an' he riz up, and when he seed me, ono leg out and one leg in, he says, says he, " Jim, whar've you been?" nn' I says, says I, "I've been down to the Silver Tooth." 444 "Then," says he, "an' what was you doin' thar?" 444441 was playin' a little game of poker," says I. 44 4 " Did you make anythin', Jim," says he. «"" Yes, sir," says I; "IwonfU." 11 * Then there come a big thaw in his voice I an' he says, says he (meltin' like), "James Madison, my son,- take that thar .jug that's at the head of this-bed and step right round to old Shorty's and git me a gallou of fust-class benzine,'' says he. ~ 44 4" But I lost it all agin, father," says I. 44 < Well, sir, herared up in bed, an' says he, 44 You little Boamp, ef I catch you round to the Silver Tooth agin I'll take the hide an' hair off yer. Hain't you got nothin' better to do than to spend your poor old father's last red a-gam blur an' disgracin' of yer family ?" Bays he, bustin' out cryin' like as though he'd jeßt buried bis demijohn.' At this point in his narrative Mr. Colby Eaused. 4 4 The sequel!" cried Philomel. "Let's ear how Jim wound up. 441 left Hard-up,'' resumed Mr. Colby, 4' about two years after I flrst met Jim. Three years later I happened to be in Virginia City, and one day while there, as I was coming out of the barber's shop, who should walk up but Jim himself. 'Why, Jim,' said I, 4where'd you come from P and where'd you get all those good clothes ?' 444 Them clothes,'said Jim, 'why I did a merchant tailor out o' them clothes; I charged 'em to the old man. That's a good'un, ain't it? I wouldn't have done it, though, if I hadn't come out as a reformed individual, aud it was .positively necessary to get some reformed toggery.' 44 4 How did you get reformed, Jim ?' said I. 44' Well, you see, Mr. Colby, father and I come oyer here about two years ago, and as soon as I eomo I took hold of a lot of boys here who didn't have nobody to teach 'em to be as bad as they wanted to be, an' I thought it was a pity to see so much talent going to waste, so I organized 'em into a gang of thieves. Well, sir, I can tell you we did a pretty lively busi ness, but one Sunday Bishop TuttJe wasrunnin' the 'Pisoopal outfit in that meetin' house oyer there, an' I jist thought I'd go in. Now I couldn't tell yer, to save my skin, what he said to the crowd. (Beloved brethren he called 'em), but, by jing, when I come out I just set down on a dry goods box and I begun to turn things over in my mind an' I says to myself: " The way you are goin' on, Jim, you'll be in the Eenitentiary before you're a man; you'll just aye to turn in an' reform." So I went an' got these here clothes an' now I'm printing for my livin'in the Enterprise office. Do you think, Mr. Colby, if a boy like me turned square 'round he could do any good ?' 44 4 Jim,' I said, 4 a boy like you can do what he pleases.' Well, I talked to him a long while, ana when we parted the mist that had been gathering in his eyes fell down ir. rain. I have never seen Jim since, but last winter I read in a Nevada paper that the Hon. James Madison Johnson had been elected Speaker of the House of Representatives." 