A MIDNIGHT MEETING. BALFOUR BEAUTIFULLY BAFFLED. HOW THE POLICE WERE FOOLED AND THE ' PROCLA MATION' DEFIED. The Woodford meeting, which was fixed for Sunday, ' to celebrate the anniversary of the Plan of Campaign' (says the Dublin Freeman, October 22), was, it appears, proclaimed late on Friday night. Be that as it may, however, a great and extraordinary meeting has been held at Woodford. Instead of the gathering taking place at two o'clock on Sunday afternoon, it was held shortly after twelve o'clock on Saturday night, and continued until three on Sunday morning. Elaborate arrangements, it transpires, had been made by the authorities to enforce the Proclamation. Large bodies of military and police were quartered in the surrounding coun- try, but, with that faulty prescience which has so often before played them false, it happened that the forces of the Crown were impregnably posted in the wrong places. The police, having dispersed some small bodies of people, rested calmly on their rifles in the belief that the main body of the assembly had been out manouvred. The way was thus left clear for Mr. William O'Brien, who was accompanied by Mr. T. P. Gill, M.P., Mr. Sheehy, M.P., Mr. Rowlands, M.P., Mr. Wilfred Blunt, and some other representative Englishmen, and subsequently by Mr. Cox, M.P. The strange spectacle of men crowding together in the early hours of Sunday morning under the guidance of the priest, as Mr. O'Brien said, had forcibly recalled the dark memories of the midnight Masses in the penal days. Mr. O'Brien remarked that the lows which compel the holding of midnight meetings will be remembered hereafter as are those laws which once made the Mass an infamy and the priest an outlaw in the land. HOW THE TRICK WAS WORKED 'One of tho conspirators,' whom we suspect to be William O'Brien himself, gives a graphic and thrilling account of ' the midnight meeting' in UNITED IRELAND. After describing how the party of 'conspirators' left Dublin watched by the police, and how the shoals of telegrams were sent on in advance by the police to all surround- ing districts, the writer goes on to tell of how the party halted on the way and put up seem- ingly for the night (but it was only a blind) at Father Tom Murphy's, at Tomgraney. The police who had been watching every movement of the party telegraphed from Tomgraney to head-quarters, ' O'Brien and his friends staying the night with Father Murphy ; all right.' What happened after the police had retired to their barracks and the occupants of the house were supposed to be sound asleep is thus told by the 'conspirator' referred to. THE START FOR WOODFORD. An hour after the police had despatched their satisfactory message O'Brien and friends were putting on their great coats in the priest's hall. Mr. Blunt slings a rug that was woven in Mecca across his arm, and shoulders an umbrella with a hand-bag suspended from it, like an emi- grant's bundle, Mr. McDonald, of the Daily News, who has campaigned in the Soudan, waits silent and ready like a soldier. Father Hannon opens the door cautiously and steps out. He is to act as our guide. Presently he returns and reports all clear. Father Murphy blesses us, and hopes to see us all safe once more, and in a moment we are out in the darkness upon the gravelled sweep, and the door is closed noiselessly behind us. It is a famous night for a conspiracy— not a moon or a star out, and yet fine and still. We cannot see each other half a yard off it is so dark, and can only follow Father Hannon in the black shadow under the laurels by the sound of his footstep. He brings us through what he tells us is his garden ; then halts at a door and whispers for a moment with the servant, while we stand back. It is his own house ; we follow him through the hall, and step right into the village street. There are some lights burning still and some doors open, but the police barrack is wrapped in slumberous shadow. We scatter pretty far apart, so that our footfalls may not sound too loud, and hasten away from the village. Safe so far — not a dog has barked. RUNNING THE GAUNTLET. There is yet the village of Scariff to be traversed. From one house near the police barrack a broad stream of light pours across the roadway. We have to walk through this. Just beyond it there is a group of dark figures standing. Are they the police? No, they are villagers. We pass them by like ghosts, and they never budge. What must they have thought of us. A few more houses and the village is behind us. Then a dark alley of trees. Then a brighter stretch of road. We begin to chuckle at the success of our sortie. Suddenly we came upon two cars by the roadside. A hurried col- loquy in whispers. The party must divide. The Irish members take an Englishman apiece as a hostage. Mr. O'Brien takes Mr. Rowlands and the Daily News' correspondent on his car. Mr. Gill keeps Mr. Blunt with the Irish re- porter on his. A grasp of the hand with Father Hannon, who returns to Tomgraney, a shake of the reins, and we are bowling along the road to Woodford at a spanking pace. Hurrah ! Now, if wo only knew how it was at Woodford. We have heard nothing from them since morning. It would betray us to have wired. AN ANXIOUS MOMENT. Woodford was twelve Irish miles away. We travelled nine of these without adventure. Three miles outsido Woodford wr got the first touch of the meeting. Wo are trotting along silently in tho darkness. Snddenly, a few yards ahead of us, a Ghrill whistle startles the quiet air. This is answered by another. Then a man jumps on the step of Mr. O'Brien's car. ' It's all right !' he ohouts. ' Ride like the devil !' We are op posite a farm-house. A horseman who has been waiting m a gateway bounds forward at the word, wheels to the left, lashes his horse, and ia off to Woodford like an arrow. In the otili night the striking of a match is heard close by us. Then tho crepitation of burning furze. A does.* flamo like a tongue roars itself in the fence to our left. In a moment a largo f orze bush is ablaze, and a long Gtreteh of read illuminated. This ia a signal. On the hill to tho left another blaze springs up ; another on a hill to the right. Presently the whole horizon is starred with signal fires. All this takes place almost before tne horseman's clattering has died away. WIDE AWAKE W00DF0BD. Hero let me toll you what lied been happen ing mem mvliil a in Wnnrl fnerl . Pnhlinlv the? lino been hanging festoons of laurels across tho street, On tho qu'iot they had beer: making hundreds of torches. At an appointed hour of the afternoon r, number oc trusty local leaders set off on horse back to the various districts; that wero to feed the meeting. After dusk those began to bring in their contingents. Many of them remained outside the town until the final signal. The police expected nothing. They had been en gaged the best part of the day reading the tele grams about Mr, O'Brien's movements which their colleagues kept sending, and carting up to the barracks twelve large casks of porter for tho following day's consumption. Twelve ca&kn; cf porter ! Your Royal Irish Constabularyman cannot move from place to place now without having hio porter going ahead of him. Thin is how his Mitchelstown courage is inspired. To wards midnight tho roads and fields around Woodford wore thronged with people. A SUEPEISE FOB THE POLICE. The villagers were feverish with suppressed. excitesaent. All waited silently for the arrival of the horseman who wnr, to gallop ahead with the news of William O'Brien's approach. At last ha arrives, foaming and tearing up the hill, like the bearer of the oood news from Ghent to Ais in Browning's poem. %t They're coming! they're coming!' he shouts, and 'They're coming!' runs like wildfire through the town. Oat gleam tho rows of candlea in the window, and tho town 13 illumi nated like magic. TJp blaze the torches. Out comes the band that has been lying hidden up to this. The procession starts from the Scariff road. The police now wake up. They understand it all. They rush to the telegraph-office to wire to Porfcumna and Loughrea. But they find tho wires are cut. SEE THE CONQUERING HEROES COME. The two care leaving the burning bush far behind them, hurry towards Woodford impa tiently. About half-a-mile from the town, sweeping round a bpnd of the road, they are almost brought to a stop by tho sudden splen dour of tho scene that bursts upon them. Be hind them ia dark night. Before them is a con flagration — or a battle ? They do not see it all at once. A red glare is in tke sky towards the I'ieht ; under the red srlars volumes of lurid smoke are rolling and rising ; and under the smoke a line of hillocks in blackest silhouette. One aimost looks to see the flashing of cannon and the figures of gunners moving about. Nearer the flames appear, and one aeeo that it is the heather and the furze all around Woodford that is on fire. Woodford itself, perched on c hill, with all its thousand lights twinkling in the inky darkness, looks more like a great city than a little Galway village. What oeems to be a perpendicular stream of dancing fire moves towards us. This is the torchlight procession coming down to meet us. We hardly kaow where we are when we are surrounded by a cheering, hugging, hand-shaking, hat-waving, enraptured crowd, with the torches at which the (inrnsn ahvr n.nrl t.ViA honri hi p. pin or exmnrr Our stratagem ha3 succeeded then. Hardly a dozen police, they tell us, are in the town. One does not think in this excitement. You are borne up tho street as on a tide of flame, under the triumphal archeo, up to the crown of the hill where the meeting halts, and you can at lasl; get a view of its extent. The hill is alive with brawny men, wild with enthusiasm, as far as the torchlight snables you to penetrate the darkness. CONTEMPT FOE THE PEOCLAMATION. We enter Mr. Keory's house,°from the win dowc of which the meeting is to be addressed. The sub-inspector asks somebody to let him speak — he wants to read the proclamation. '? We don't allow sub-inspectora of police to speck at our meetings,' he is informed. He then presents Father Coen with a copy o£ the proclamation as the parish priest enters Mr. Keary's door. Father Coen tears it in two and wipes hia boots on it. Rash sub-inspector ! The people make a rush for him, and but for thoir leaders he would nave fared badly. But he is permitted to go outside tho lines and staod at a resoectful distance with his constables. It ia the first houi1 of Sunday morning, and the meeting beginG, Father Coen is moved to the chaii1 amid plaudits by Mr. John Roche, and tho motion ia seconded by a gentleman whose appearance at the window ia the first sight the police have got of him fo? weeks — Mr. Martin Egan, against whom there ig a war rant under the Coercion Act, and whohac been giving the CoercioniBta as much trouble as he can. THE SPEECHMAKING-. After a few 3tirrin£ sentences from their woll-loved priest, Mr. William O'Biien appears. What a welcome ! One thinks they will never stop cheering and waving the torches. After winning them the top of the morning, Mr. O'Brien holds aloft in his left hand a copy 01 the proclamation forbidding the meeting, sets fire to it with a candle, dangles it blazing for a moment over the heads' of the people, and then flings it fi'om him. ' It is the politest way I know,' he cries, ' of telling Mr. Balfour to go toblazep!' The crowd are mad with delight, end the meeting proceedo gloriously. Mr. Row lands ia introduced, and and gets a recep tion whioh doea not let him speak for oeveral minutes — cheers for tho Grand Old Man and £oe the English people. Mr. Blunt is similarly welcomed welcomed. So was each of tho many Englishmen who apoke that memorable morning. Mr, David Sheehy, who arrived from Loughrea, as Mr. Cos did from Porturnna, follows Mr. Blunt. Mv, T. P. Gill follows Mr. Sheohy, and Mr. Cox follows him. Altogether five membero of Parliament spoke, and seven others addressed the meeting, including i epresentatives of Eng lish labour associations who had come with Mr. Sheehy and Mr. Cos. For three hours the people listened on the street with unflagging enthu siasm and perfect order. At three o'clock in tho morning Mr. O'Brien wound up as fine a masting en ever assembled in an Irish county. THE PEOPLE'S VICTOEY. This was the meeting which was proclaimed by General Saxe- Weimar and the Lord Justices General and General Governors of Ireland, and to suppress which a thousand men at enormous cost to the British Treasury were transported great distances. It wao held on the spot an nounced, on the day announced, and not a policeman dared lay a_wet finger on it. In Portumna and Jjoughroa, on jibe otheu hand, the decoy meetings got up by Mr. Sheehy and Mr. Cos w'oro dispersed by the police with batons and tho bntta or rifleo, TEEY iiTTCH ' £OLD,'_ ITort day the army of suppression began to arrive in Woodford. They ccme ou brakes QDd outside ears, soms or them all the way from Galway. Horse poiieomen rode up and down bearing dispatches. It wan a sight to gee the Government reporter going about with his body guard looking for a meeting, A divisional ma gistrate from as far ofi an Athlone had come, and no leas than two R.M'a. Tho County In spector stood in the middle of the street looking around him, opurs on his boots— he evidently was to have been on horseback at tho battle. They camped about in the hedgeo and ditches and drank the twelve casks of porter. Towards evening they returned on straggling strings o£ cars, their helmets awry, consoled eomewhat by the porter, but humiliated before the eyes of civilians — the most cruel indignity that could be suffered by a policeman. Little children who had been marching with green boughs singing ' God Save Ireland' stopped and jeered at them as they passed. TACTICS OP THE NATIONALISTS. The special correspondent of the Irish Times writing from Woodford says— The Government authorities had no idea that the Leaguers would have adopted the line of action they did adopt. While the resident magistrates, county inspec tor, and constabulary were at Loughroo, Mr. O'Brien was addressing a meeting here, and, of course, the local force was totally inadequate to enforce tho proclamation. Ic would seem that the 'police knew nothing about Me. William O'Briea'a whereabouts. J-O-Hi i.Wi\ i'i Alii/ inij XiiJJUO IX JlJ- 1J iO-i vu t Every circumstance in connection with the meeting, which was afterwards held, points to the fact that action had been taken in accord ance with somo matured pre-arrangement, evi dently entered into before Mr. O'Brien had left Dublin. Some hours before he arrived Wood ford assumed an air of activity too great to be merely imputed to its being market day, the throng growing in strength as the evening waned. The presence of the expected visitor was generally known in a few minutes, and the people surged round the confined precincta o£ the prisst's house. Bonfires had been lighted at various points upon the eminences which environ Woodford on every side, while at every window rural tallow gleamed welcome, and in fact that preparation gave proof of the premedi tation of the ruae to defeat the law. Mid night had not long passed, and the day to which the proclamation had reference entered upon, when the prohibited meeting was organized. THE POLICE FIFTEEN MILES AWAY. The local police wisnessed the proceedings, but the fewness of their number made them powerless to prevent them. Woodford is about twelve Irish milen from Loughraa, where the police requisitioned to enforce the observance of the proclamation were stationed, owing to the inadequacy of accommodation here. TELEGRAPH WIEES CUT. The officer in charge of the force immediately proceeded to the telegraph-office to wire infor mation of the stolen march, but it was found that communication had ceased in conse quence of the wires being cut. It has since been ascertained that they also had been severed between Woodford and Portumna, and between the latter town and Birr, half a mile on each side of Portumna, to deprive the authorities of the ultimate hope of preventing the meeting. The wireG were not only cut but shortened by several yards where ever they were tampered with. This (Sunday) morning the telegraph linesmen found that upwards of oisty yards of the wire had been removed at one of the points of severance, and up to 1 o'clock in the afternoon a staff of work men was engaged in fitting the wires again for transmission of intelligence. THE AUTHORITIES CAUGHT NAPPING. Tied to one of the wires which had been cut wao a policeman's helmet. The forethought of those who wore interested in the proclaimed meeting was rewarded, for the police otationed in Loughrea were asleep while the eventuality which they had been S9nt to prevent wan beiDg effected. The authorities seem to have con sidered it not unlikely that the announcement of the meeting for Woodford was but a ' blind' to throw them off the scent of the intended action of Mr. O'Brien and his colleagues. The police left Longhrea on Sunday morning for Woodford on about twenty cars, and took up a position a quarter of a mile from the town. They wero under the command of Mr. Byrne. Divisional Magistrate ; Mr. Townsend, R.M. ; and County-Inspector Byrne. Those who ar rived at Woodford this morning expected that exciting scenes would be v?itnessed, and found almost a deserted village. The country-folk after their acceptance of Mr. O'Brien's invita to meet him by moonlight, returned homo, and only tho locals remained to give the place an appearance of life. 