THovelist. \ DAYS OF CRIME \ AND tYEARS OFSUFFERING. t AN AUTOMOQKAPIIY, ; Eepriatod from" Tho Australasian" of 1857 by special permission.) OHAI'TEli XIV, NEWQiTE. | Kmgat?? a How suggcBtivo tbo very word! What associations duster round the narno I I#; llo* the heroes ol the far-fomed " Calendar " p itot into life tit the very sound., and arc p virioned beforo ua in all thoir pristine glory I |r How it be&ra; the memory back to the good :| old times, and begeta a revercnoc for j$ "The grand old law, tba Biraplc plan, [|, That he should tako who has tho power, & And ho ohonld keep who oan," s Ghosts glide before us as wo breathe the mystic I liable*, and Claude Duval, (,'aptain Maheath, £'Jonathan Wild, and Jack Shep'pard seem, in |. : the spirit, prosent. Newgate! Thou great j,. school for tho improvement of tho miud upon ?. the mutual instruction system; thou world | v el recondite mysteries ; than teucher of un !?; wotrn toiiEuca; with thy cboioo preceD'.a ?j. aad thy perfect examples, with thy phi'lo _: sophical theories and thy daily practices, how | many a yoath hast tbou illled with a Kpurious ?$: una misdirected emulation, and been the *??* nluna drawing to tbo most exalted station, ? thy records chronicling his fame, and the g Dsnsion itself becoming his mcuaoleum I j*. More than once have I trodden thy passages _ wbere sloop the dead in their uuepitaphed ;. ? notoriety, und I havo thought of the poofs ;.'?? wr-Is and found it easy to believe that thore ; might reel ' "Some heart onca pregnant with celestial fire; ; Hands whir-lithe rod of empire might have ?wayod, Or waked to ecstaay the living lyre," I have often heard it aaid that simplicity Would bo twin to greatness, nnd I never ma boi forcibly struck with the truth of thia remarii as when the liveried footman of Hor Wjeatyi carriage handed mc out at the tow ol Newgate. I had seen tbe outside of db o r two of the modern-or model, if you lue-pmatml seminaries for ethical tution, „,' c pen-'rioiou? monnor in which they wra decked out appeared to mc to bs a sort l.i? c ? l ?' mel -,**-*'y npon their own weak mlw , eie ' how d '?**-*-'?t I No wide ' S„T, replcto ????'? architectural ornamenta- S r6 *T ned * or,n y wseption. A littlo wodea wicket turned on its hinge*-, and in i moment the busy street was behind mc, S??'?' 81 ? 1 " 1 I)iuiel Lambert in S,?'*?.????' ns with a not unpleasant raal" upon hia faco. In those days photo* PaphywaanotiutheHerviee of the prinou. KW." 8 . 01 ' 1 * 1 --W-MMnou and previous ???, had to bo aketctied with pen and ink. ?ha! ?! d ? ne "nsUnter-iivo fc,**t raven and f?i t l? a l nd * r ' liehV brmvn hfti '-- Krov oyes, 'Wcompl? lon tt .ad ami write, l'roiestaut. wSinn*""? I ! 7' MU *-?M?. "SO "istceu, bown I l m M -?, fo " *"-B?*>oy. congenital Xw ? onr ' B ' n fiKto nca * upper ribs- P i Ctato wan complete. I was then £t d V \ ho * ece - J ' ion *"??- where nom-T. 6 <? *,Z lhTca ' v I* wa-i by ihS& p&11 - , i* lby tboloo! * of V* a **<-* wb*-ris famillar worie ?? ?ny non-pro m thZ?*??*-*?"?-.? bwthd wero contained thri !SS . b '? ried ,tdmo ' and tbero wera S3£ ??"i? d a *?-?-plnce. but the weather thE to?re wa3 <!f eou ? e ** Q ??? Over mZ'l?' a ??"' rudely carved, which &,?-' su '*' d ??"? was a traditional ilun hS?i Bck Above this was ffirHl" Whiell WM B V* mteA ? I * J *' oo nL?„ ,i lelac, "? or "'J.-'VJ cf tho books oj. tori n ? kii wcro ?'???!?o I cannot to i V *? r B ? w Rn >-' ??P' chapel, a SrvLi 01 ? Utn - n tbo 1 1 - 130 "' Thero wna ne that ih.* "h 1 - 1 ? 110 - 0 nt thi? con vincad had f„mrf ?" r ,0 - lOT * n *5 uiv '-- authorities I ihouU H'", 1 " n * s spirit, senmu. I ' . tO , ramutely record their H ~b l!1 0l * are ' ,lli - ?ny memory e??iwfni? v . a, i 1 " now tbat ' th ? ?ood and tl aml * Uwect ' that tlu - brca 'i **?? aem..i-i ? mca . t . Bnt ' Potatoes satiafying. ? P'* ol3o 'luantitica I cannot now specify. I only passed one night in tho recaption ward, and this I spent listening to tbo narrations of my companions, two of whom wero in for passing counterfeit coin, and tho other for pioking pockets. I mu?t admit, however, that thoir lan(*nagofor the moat part was in comprehensible to mc. Tho pickpookei de scribed how ho fanned n bloak'B kiok, and then touohed him o* a dummy; thnt the blonk tumbled and gave out the pay *, that he mado tracks like winkon; that tho blonk con tinued to give beefment; that a flat stopped him, and handod him over to a crusher; that ?ho hnd slung the dummy; that tho bloak 1 rapt hard against him, and so bo wa? fullied to the start, nnd was euro to get sovon eirctoh on account of hia formera. Tha two for the bad money talked about being out of date, smashng half bulls and counters, ringing the ohangea, Ao. I told them I didn't know tho meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they explained everything to mc. lin my turn astonished them with somo of my own doings, and they soon de clared I waa no flat after all. In this man nor passed my first night in Newgate. The next morning, after tho medical officer had examined mo, I was placod in ono of the ordinary day-wards ol tho prison. The ward, with tho excoption ot boing larger, waa in all respects tho samo as tha reception-ward. Thero was tho firo place, and tho painted boapd with tho book notieo, the rack sleeping berths, tho mats and tho rage. There wero also two ta bles and four forms, which I romomber ex ceedingly woll, as tho forms wero used for draught-boards, and the tr.blcs for playing at shove-hnlf-penny, buttons being ?Bed instead of halfpence. Thero wero not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I en tered, eight ot those wore employed at a well known prison gamo callfld "coddem." As I wna well-dressed and differed a good deal in appearance from tho general inmates oithe place, attention waa immediately directed to wards mc. I can bear testimony both to the zeal and skill of some of my companions, for beforo I hnd been in tho ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which I afterwards ascertained was a "belcher," had changed ownership, having beon adroitly filched from my pocket by somo light-fingored artist in tho "dipping" lino of tbo profession. I mado a virtue of necessity, and bore tho loss good- humoredly, and as I could toll a good story, I soon became quite a favourito with my companions. My prison acquaintancoawere by no means limited to those confined in the anmo ward with mo, for when wo were out in the airing-yard, which wo woro half tho day, tho inmates of three or four yards were together. I don't pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scene 3 I daily moved among; but I certainly was as tonished that proceeding*! such as I witnessed hour after hour should be allowed in a pri son. Publicly in the airing-ynrda lessons in crime wero zealously taught on themntual instruction principle. The burglar sketched upon tho prison pavement tho instruments of his trade, and, with fluent tongue, explained thoir various uses. Tho shop-lifter explained the various methods by which bis branch ot the profession might bo profitably pursued. Tho pickpocket was moro apt in deed than in word, nnd gave praotical instructions in " buzzing." In short I havo no hesitation in saying that tho zeal of the professors in this college was so untiring, the methods of in struction so varied and so apt, tho knowledge imparted bo extendod, that any person with ordinary intellect would, after a term or two, bo qualified for a degree. Two prisoners specially devoted themselves to mc. One was a young man not much over twenty, good-looking, tolerably well dressed, but altogether without education, understanding the word merely in its scholastic sense. Ho wa? ono of tho mo?t expert pickpockets in London, and was known as " Sullivan the W*ire." Tho other was a middlo-nged man; hnd been three times transported, and boasted of it; knew every cant term ot tbe prison, nnd could do something in oil the branches ol prigism ; waa a shrewd man of tho world with a fair amount of intelligence ; was a clever sophist in attempting to justify crime; carried on business in London sr a "fence"; was awaiting trial for receiving stolen property, but, for want of suflicicnt evidence, was sure to bo acquitted. These two companions wero apt teachers, tho ono giving practical lessons, and the other-en forcing with a dangerous plausibility bis favorite theories. Many an hour Sullivan busied himself with an earnestness worthy of n bettor causo in instructing mc how to pick pockets. Hu was an adept nt the busi ness himself, and by constant practice 1 soon became as expert as ho was. I have never cxercieed my skill for my own profit in the world except on ono occasion, when, having had my pocket book taken from mc on tbe Melbourne racecourse by ono of a party ol three, I followed them into n drinking booth, and in ten minutes had recovered my property and emptied their pockets into tho bargain, a regular "diamond-cut-diamond" affair. My other Newgnto compnnion— Johnson tho fence—was, in his teachings, of a far more dangerous character, lv favor of crime he advanced the same sort of argu ment that had occurred to myself. But thero was this difference botwoen us, however cun ningly I might ontanglo myself in my own sop hisms, I wa? nover completely deceived by them, but always had an innate conviction of their falsity. With Johnson it was other wise. His mind was so utterly warped that he believed as he argued, and had no vision of the truth whioh lay beyond his own per nicious doctrines. Faith, either in the fnlso or tho true, begets earnestness; and thus Johuaon was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made many proselytes. His argu ments on myself were thrown away, for I havo nover confounded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify to myself tho evil I have, committed, Johnson's knowledge of csnL T largely availed myself of, aud if 1 nm now an authority iv technical terms it is owing to! bis teachings. I composed several flash songs for tho creat master linguist, to bo sung in the prison yard, but I now turn from tuem myself with loathing, and c-.nnot suppose that the reader would do otherwise. Theso com.. position:! were mere curious linn edifying.' It was thus that I passed the timo in. New-. iV'.'.e. But what could be expected? The activities of the mind will employ themselves, nnd in tho absence of everything good they nre sure to occupy themselves with evil. With no books, no occupation of any kind, it i-i not much to bo wondered at. that I and my fallow-prisoner* discussed crime in all its rfimUieusionu, nnd were daily fitting ourselves for still more guilty deads on nur" return to the world than thoso for which we were then awaitiug onr doom. There was no attempt at classification, and as for some reason or the other the men wero frequently changed from ward to ward, by tho time the sessions commenced I hnd made tho acquaintance of nearly every con.mit'.od pri soner iv the gaol. I thus hnd the criminal character before mc in v. variety of its phases ; and, young aa I was, and quite as oriininal as any there, I analysed it with a kind ot philo sophical interest. Among tho rankest v/ecda there were still flowcra struggling for exist ence—in tho naturos the most depraved re deeming traits were to bo found. Most of tho crime around mo'was of prison growth, and the fountain-beads whence flowed all its streams wero ignorance and poverty. (To be con tinned.) Dion Boucicault lias been tcUiny that his slender wnist and yonLliful air duo to al ways rising from the table hungry. Mr. I!urge W. Uhilds lias a complexion like a fresh apple, and lie seldom eats anything at this (rre.it dinners he circs. aad touches —Sensible man! neither tea nov coffee,- 