THE STORYTELLER. JEMIMY BASCOM. (Br Philip Henby, in Scribner's Magazine.) It matters not on what particular spot of the globe it happened. The geography is immaterial. But, as a matter of fact, it was m Maine, in one of those resorts where invalids and pleasure-seekers assemble of summers to regain their health and do whatever else the world does— a small collection of old houses of ancient residents— some of which, perhaps, may be thrown open to boarders— and of hotels, almost brand new, some small and some great ; and, winding through the atmosphere over all, the breath ot Maine balsams and other firs and of such few pines as have survived the lumberman's axe. On this terrestrial spot it happened that Jeremiah Slocomb, who, upon his graduation from, college, liad stepped into a thriving wholesale-grocery firm, and had stepped out again, leaving his small fortune there and about twice its size in oromissory- notes beside his purchase of an interest in the business (having done all this because he iouncl that much of the profits of the concern consisted in the difference between the co3t and selling price of substitutes for natural food) — on this spot, I say, it happened that Jeremiah Slocomb was doubtfully regarding his bankrupt future. . A very unpractical young man, you will sny : so be it in these materialistic days. How very chivalrous toward the poor public ! what a criticism on his poor partners— worthy men, no doubt, making such living as they could in this crowding modern world ! But Slocomb had a prejudice against adulterated food. Perhaps you think because his name is Jeremiah that be came from the country. But I assure you that Mount Vernon street was not at all too aristocratic to have witnessed his birth. No. He was well-bred (though that has nothing to do with his not coming from the country), and well-clothed, for that matter — a fellow who was not above the niceties of life, even in the depart ment of commercial propriety. It was wholly unknown to Mr. Slocomb, else he might have chosen some other roof to shelter him on this northward excur sion (but that cannot be affirmed positively), that this hostlery, known to the public as the 'Balsam House.' was in certain occult relations with the spirit- world. Visited by unlleshly appa ritions in white— by mysteriously-hooked-together skeletons— indeed it was not. It is true there were scurryings, squeakings, tailing bodies to be heard in this house at night, sounds to startle one on waking from some troubled dream, manifestations enough to warrant the theory quite that some weird history was connected with this mansion, yielding up its actors at night in the shape of disturbed and disturbing spirits. But there was such an air of the practical and the everyday about the Balsam. House that nervous ladies said that these nocturnal noises were caused, not by ghosts, but by rats, which was quite as bad. Be that as it may, it is of spirits habited in flesh and blood that there is question now, or rather of one such spirit, extracted, not from the grey abode of spectres, but from the bright and shining land of dreams; a rarer curiosity than the chimpanzee, a creature captured from . the remotest and most mysterious in.its secrets of all lands, the land of dreams. How that capture was effected, how the red faced, jolly landlord got access to that region, was unknown. But there she was ; Jeremiah Slocomb saw her with his own eyes. It was on his appearance at his first breakfast under the roof of the Balsam House. He came to that breakfast in a half gloomy trame of mind. Only strangers to him were in the house, as he had seen from the register the night before. His eyes were downcast, striving in a desultory, unconcentrated way to look into that future that lay rather dark, as well as inscrutable, before him — lying below him, in the ground, one would Bay, from the direction of the gaze, in nether regions of duskiness. So he consulted the bill of fare rather listlessly aB he held it before him, reading it, and half-consciously trying to read that illegible future at the same time : a niehtmareish state of mind, when the object that oppresses one cannot be clearly made out, and . makes up for want of outline by its continuity of weighing on one's thought So he read, and so he dimly eyed his future, while all the time there stood at his elbow this capture from dreamland, breathing her patient breath as she waited, a hand on the back of Ilia chair, resting the weight of the earthly body first on one foot and then on the other, tier face, in her untowering height, not so very far above his head — so close, indeed, that she could distinctly trace with her eye the few unregulated locks that had escaped the repressive force of Jeremiah's brushes — so close that if he had tilted his head back suddenly it might almost, perhaps quite, have touched that intermediate spot just below either collar bone ; not indeed, that this fairy would rustle too closely against this masculine form of the earth j but so it is ordained by the laws of intelligible hearing, that waiter and waitress shall stand to catch the lord and lady's order. The guest at last looked up. The appearance of the dream figure at his elbow was in such strange contrast with the some what smeared bill of fare, and with his own sadly blotched future, that it fairly flashed on him. A yellowish bunch of hair, hazel eyes, and a mischievous turn of chin, crowning a little, delicate but wholesome-looking form — that was the figure before him. The checked white-and-black gingham that she wore gave her a dcinty look. But — might not that gingham be worn as a morning garb by any woman of his own acquaintance? Was this a face that lie had forgotten, that he ought to remember, and thai was placidly waiting beside him for recognition? Startled out of a study as he was, he could not, all at once, believe that this appa rition was an hotel waiter. In his uncertainty he arose, napkin in hand, with a vague notion of choosing to err on the right side, and said — 'Pardon me, madam.' But there was only a stare, and then a brief smile, as the dream- creature confronting him strove to preserve her decorum. Then he saw that she was in the pose of one waiting to take a command. He glanced foolishly about and reseated himself, and gave his order, drawing, as she smartly departed on her errand, a long breath of recovery from his confusion. Slocomb's eye now ranged curiously up and down the dining room. What place was this he had fallen upon ? Was there a series of refined and beautiful young women waiting upon the tables in this hotel? He examined them, one by one. No; some were tall, even lank — good, vigorous frames, inherited from raw-boned, honest, timber-splitting ancestors. Some were shore and rotund — as hearty and robust in their looks as Swiss dairy maids. Nowhere was there the frailty of figure, the delicacy ot bloom, the elasticity of tread of the littie sylph at his own table ; nowhere the bright, intellectual look that she had. lie observed her closely as she came back with her arms full of those heavy dishes that were meant for him. Her wrists were red. 'She washes dishes, too,' he thought. But she did not attempt to conceal that redness of wrists. It was evidently a thing of course to her — no more to be hidden than the fact that she had hands at all. . ^ As she entered the diningroom from time to time, he took occa sion to study her visage. No flirting eye there met his own. No smirk of a country maiden's consciousness of beauty revealed a coquettish nature. There waa gravity on her face — severity, almost— which would have been severity quite, but that it seemed held in check by a certain benignity ot expression. Yet there was brightness in the physiognomy. It one were to pry* here and there into the features, perhaps its source would be found at last in the little, delicately-rounded, roguish-looking chin. Slocomb began upon the spot, in a sudden riot of the poetry there waa in him, to weave a romance about this figure — some history of his own imagining that would account for her doing the Bame work us her tellow-labourers, who were so unlike her in appearance nnd bearing. Keganling the sunshiny chin — which, with its baby dimple, seemed to denote a childlike nature in thi9 young woman — the dolorous lines about the lips, and the mingled sternness and refinement above, he built up, in his own mind, a vaguely-outlined story of a simple, happy girlhood, suddenly overtaken by some adversity, ^'^fJ^Taivl had emerged a grown woman, thouSh scarce!} more than a gm yeDUnruTgaithe forenoon Mr. Slocomb -ent for a stroll about this new place he had come to. It wns no ,la^illnSffcearfl^lywmog| than a few steps took him outside of that v llnge «ir» w£°|£ centre was the post-office, and away from tbe locking 'spe^a8 of too many doves to fill the dovecotes-ot the thronged ^hotels. The stretch of country road was pencetul. He came ^ a brook noisily losing itself in the undenzrowth by tl « roadside. A rotting log was beside the rude bridRe that crossed it ™d J«re ?»? sat and ruminated-the brook gurgling at '« ^ »» JJ5J8 'firm forest bird giving out its note in the neighbouring tree- tops, larm teams at work on a distant hillside down the road, and the carved mounds of blue woods still farther off. His ques t o««J»le J»*n*e was still upon him, in that dead fashion in wine h it 1 ^J encum bered him since he left his fortune and a debt in the obnoxious grocery. Its dull consideration was a platform m his mind on which other thoughts danced ; nnd now this captive from dre am- land occupied the boards. She would persist in coming out from behind the flies and walking pensively down the sta«e to the footlichts, her hands clasped demurely before her. Somewhere orotlier, as she stood before him, there was an orchestra— / seemingly concealed near at hand in the atmosphere, in the woods, and the brook, but with its winps even on the distant wooded hills— which expressed a sort of spiritual accompaniment tothegriefful song to which the figure on the boards seemed to be giving utterance. ,„. ... , , , He had started out on a sentimental journey. ^ hither should it lead him ? .. .. On his way home he passed a farm-house of humble propor tions. In the door- yard gruw some rosebushes ; and a little pink of a girl, who did not know the language of trade— she- was so young— but sun-bonneted for the dignity ot the occasion by a self-respecting mother, stood out before the gate, with a bunch of white and crimson roses— just two or three— to sell, bhe held up her chubby hand. 'How much?' queried the traveller, fumbling in his pocket. Not a word in answer, only a dancing pair of black eyes on the upturned face. ' How much ? Is this enough?' and, as he put some coins into her hand, she relaxed wide her grip on the stems, and turning her back, ran, a reticent mass of sun-bonnet, apron-strings, and heels, into the house. When Slocomb left the dinner-table that noon he carelessly laid the bunch of roses on the table, and looking at the dream-captive, said, 'Would you like these?' She smiled sweetly, and without any word gathered them up. When evening came Jeremiah's newly-born Bentnnent moved him, as he was about to rise from the tea-table, to attempt a trespass upon the secret life of the dream-creature. ' Do you live near here ?' he asked. She regarded him with a bright eye. -' What did yeou say ?' Slocomb shrank withyi himself at the sudden sound or tne vernacular. He seemed to himselt even to shudder, and he arose (it had been far from his intention to rise so soon), and only faltered, in smothered repetition, ' Do you live near hero ? _ 'I live to hum,' replied the captive trom dreamland, shortly, while not a change of feature accompanied the forbidding re 8DO118e. 'That evening Slocomb saw her come timidly into the office and go up to the desk, and heard her ask the clerk, ' Is they any letter for Miss Jemimy Bascotu ?' With such rude suddenness were the gratuitous, high-flown illusions of Slocomb's fancy dispelled ! They went away heart lessly, leaving him only the simple fact of a pretty waitress for consolation. 1c was some consolation; for she was pretty. While the dignity in her face seemed somehow to have waned, and the gravity inclined^now toward the stolid, and the sadness was merely the quiet of an unanimateel face, and all the imagined spirituality was grown into something else, yet there did remain the features, the colour, the grace; and Slocomb recalled now, that when she said she lived ' to hum ' there was really a very pleasant sparkle in her eye, though it had not seemed just, then as if there were ; now that the look was adjusted to the physical and fleshly aspect, it certainly did seem rather- piquant. So Slocomb's interest, after the first shock was over, really rather changed than abated. There were short conversations, in which Jemimy appeared as a pretty, bright little thing; and that com posed look of hers — well, under certain circumstances, when not too many people might be looking her way, perhaps it brightened up a little — toward him. In this state of affairs, as he' was peregrinating the brief side ivalks of the village one day, he met no other personage than Miss Hannah Wadsleigh. This encounter was a boon to him. He had not made many acquaintances ; and Mis9 Wadsleigh was in acquaintance who would not be troublesome. She was a second cousin of his, a rather strong-minded young woman, who had culled upon him recently in regard to the genealogy of the family, which she was busy in compiling. She knew all about iiis ancestors — more than he did — and about all his cousins, numerous and remote. Hannah would not exact attentions, and 3he could amuse him in a mild, half-masculine way. So he wel comed her. To his surprise, however, he learned that she had been in the place longer than 'he had ; but, as she had been lodging at one of the old, original cottages ot the village, they had iiot happened to meet. ' A cousin of yours— let me see ' (count ing on her lingers one way and then back) — 'first, second, third, Fourth, fifth, to you— is corainir in a day or two. I don't believe you ever saw Fanny ; she is awfully rich and clever.' 'My knowledge of these distant cousins you have found is very limited,' replied Jeremiah. '1 won't tell you whether she is good-looking or not,' con tinued Hannah ; 'you can judge (if that for yourself ; but she is the richest— her own, mind you, an orDhan— of all our family brood.' , * ' One would have thought that Cousin Hannah adored money. She was not bndly off herself. But the fact syas that she held Jeremiah in very high esteem, because in that intimacy born of genealogising she had drawn out of him his true relations to the grocery business, and she gave him, as she left him, a hearty, honest squeeze of the hand that made Jeremiah feel warm all over with a sense of friendship.' Jemimy Bascom, if she was a country girl, was no fool. Her wits were as sharp as anybody's. Whatever smart remark was made to her in joke by Slocomb, it was met by her with equal smartness. In tutit he had his match. But Jemimy was. not saucy or impudent She simply put herself on the same plane with him. She behaved as she would have behaved to some country gallant of bantering manner — perhups as Bhe would have conducted herself toward the district schoolmaster, if he had chanced to be a fun-loving sort of person, from the neighbouring town. Why should she not ? Were not the Bascoms of good stock, well-to-do, the owners of an unencumbered farm, with plenty to eat? What if she had wanted an airing and a small peep at the world, and had taken upon herself to hund and wash dishes at the Balsam House, instead of 'to hum,' for a few weeks? For all that she knew Bhe was as good as anybody in the world. She was an honest American, and to her Slocomb was another. About this time the moon was young over Woodville, casting a faint light, as itneared its setting, upon the few short avenues of the town. Beside this there were occasional lamps, ill tnmraed and smoked, that shed a doubtful glimmer here and there. Slocomb was strolling along, on one of these evenings, with his hands behind his back, when, as he passed one of the naif-obscured lamps and turned a corner, he fell in with a rather dainty figure of a female moving at a not unvigorous pace. She glanced up a moment, and he saw that it was Miss Bascom. She was about to turn her head away, as if occupied with her own thoughts and not apprehending that it was anyone she knew, when he raised his hat. She turned again, and recognising him, Baid, as she slackened her pace, 'Oh ! is that yeou? I was a-thinkin abaout somethin' else. Ain't it nice thia evenin' ?' Yes, rather pleasant,' Jeremiah hesitated. He had an in clination to join her— a purposeless one, a mere b^T^T* would be agreeable. ' ; e 8enae that it ' Where be you goin' ?' she asked, standing still aB?f ^- „ for a friendly street-corner chat ? aa l£ winded 'Nowhere in particular,' he responded. 'No more I—yes; I be, too ; I'm goin' tothennat^ that ain't very peitic'ler ; I ain't likely to get nothin- » ce; bt-* 'Well, I will walk along with you ;' it seemed to !,;«, natural to do that than to leave her— in fact, he felt «?«? ? ?? more seem a little rude it he did leave her, and Slocom'h » rt £onld havfi hurt the feelings of a mouse. aiocomb would not 'This is jea' the kind o' night the young folks RoesonUU- . daewn aour way when workin' is slack— say abaout fn a itlln after hayin'. Its lot's p' fun, sometimes.' ln Aa8U8t, 'Sometimes ?' queried Jeremiah, seeking to catch no «,« versation at some point, ' Why not always?' P the con- 'Oh, yeou know,' she replied, giving 'herself n lrini , coquettish twist from her waist up ; 'all young men aKth°E same, I s'pose '—and she stole a glance upward at his ew ???! makes a difference, sometimes, who he is ; and you can't VoT a young man jest because you might have picked onV Lm 8e else if yeou'd had the cheusin'. ' P Kea ont 8Omeone ' You don't get much riding here,' suggested he 'Oh, I ain't pertic'ler; I jes' as lives stay by an* 'deu my work I ain't one of the young women that always has to hav* irnW* ^ was brought up teu work. Oh, L like a breathin^KSf^ ' You don't get any here.' ' Here ? Land 1 1 yeou don't call this work ! The hull time is a breathin' spell ! Yeou jes' ought to see us work to hum.' She ml getting animated. 'Why. there's me, I Kifc up an' help pa an George melk; then there's breakfast; ma used to get that but she s rheumatiky naow, an' I deu it ; then there's the melk to set an the churnin to be 'tended to ; an' the cheese— yeou'd like to see us make cheese, it's real interestin' — an' I get dinner an' supper; an' there's lots o' little chores that takes a body's time besides the chamberwork ; an' then melkin' ajjain at ni'ht' This is fun daown here. I'm act'lly gettin* fat. This dress is jes' as tight. It's, my best one— silk, real; I jes' thoueht I'd bring it along— I miolit want it ; but law ! 1 don't wear it nowhere, 'cept jes' to the post- office— jes' for the sat'sfaction of feelin' I am wearin' on'r. I see them young ladies dancin' in there to the ballroom some nights — some of 'em's from the city I s'pose— and their silks aint no bettor'n mine ; an' some of 'era actually wears flannel. I should be ashamed to go in there lookin' the way some of 'em doos.' 'Can you dance?' he asked. 11 Waal, lawsakes !' she answered, stopping short in her walk ' Dance? I should think I could !' She resumed her walk. ' Why, deu yeou think 'cauae we live up here in the country, we don't haow to dance ?' She laughed outright in scorn of his ignorance. 'Yeou should jes' flee aour balls daown t' Hillery; yeou don't know where Hillery is, I s'pose ; well, 'tain't much of a place, but it's a kind o' meetin' graound for us young folks ; we deu jest have fun there sometimes ! I don't get left much by the wall, neither' (with a toss of the head). 'Dance ! why, Mr. Slocomb, where was yeou brought up ?' She ran up the post-office steps, and he waited for her at the door. 'Jest as I s'pected — they wa'n't nothin*. They don't write to me much. Father comes daown once in a while, jes' to see haow I'm a-deuin'. The last time he come — that was last week— says he : ' My Jemimy, ain't you gettin' fleshy !' an* he jumped me right up in his arms an' kissed me' right before all the other waiters. Wa'n' they a-chucklin', though, t' see me ilyin* raound so ! Father's awful strong.' Somehow or other, Jeremiah began to feel a little serious just now. The slightest perspiration came out on his brow; and it was not a warm night, either. He had a dawning sensation that he was taking advantage of this girl — a consciousness of unfair ness. What if this muscular father should chance to meet them now, walking out together after dark? Would he be so little acquainted with the world ns not to think that there was some thing a little out of the way in this loiterinc along with hu daughter of an evening? Slocomb felt uncomfortable — not that he was a coward. If Mr. Bascom had suddenly appeared and manifested resentment at finding him with hia aaugnter, ne would very likely have acknowledged that it was not quite according* to rule, but he would have suggested to Mr. ltascom that his daughter was safe with him. And she would very likely have spoken up and said, ' Well, father, if anybody's to blame, I guess I be as much as him.' Still, there was the sensation; and as they came to one of the larger hotels, and she led the way up the piazza steps, saying, 'Let's see 'em dance a minute, Jeremiah, as he followed her, did so with a feeling that he would rather take her home, or leave her, and be over with it. ; They took their htation at one ot the low windows that looked into the ballroom. It waa brilliantly lighted, a small orchestra was providing the music, and a few couples were spinning rouna over the glistening floor. Around the sides were seated, in groups, guests of the hotel with their friends. It was a DriRnt scene, and there were little clusters of spectators on the piazza peeping in at it. The band now struck up a waltz. J?mim/ began to beat time with her feet, and to sway to and iro BligntUt as if she were going the giddy round. : )f ' Haow 1 should like to be dancin' that 'ere !' she Hftid,,balt to herself, as she gazed intently on the scene within. SlocomD was a little bit startled. The possibility of being drawn, against ma wish, into the whirl within, and of actually becoming, wiiij Jemimah, one of the little eddies that were revolving tnPr?» *' . at once came before him. It seemed necessary to make .some remark or other in response to her application. : . u 'Have you ever danced in there?' he asked, carelessly. « seemed to him an adroit question. It was an ordinary ?'?..'*'« yet, when she answered it and said 'no,' the impossibility oi her ever dancing in that ballroom would immediately occur w '''No,' she answered, ' I hain't ; but I've often wanted to. I ain't never had nobody to dance with. ' She heBitated a ™f™eYil{ and then, looking up bashfully, and simDering, she saia, sheouldn't mind adancin' there with yeou.' . , In spite of himself, Jeremiah could not help a I?en9ift;IonBnt pleasure, and even a slight tingling, at the compliment; that was only for an instant. The next he was conscious ^oi *» necesaity for an immediate answer. What should ne say . could have told her that he did not dance, did not know. ' . but that would have been a lie, and he had fallen intoto '»ore of telling the truth and taking the consequencea—it waa' interesting. Neither would he like her to undere'antL*'uld be preferred not to dance with her in that ballroom ; that wouiu ^ too highly unchivalrous— nay, it would be brutal. J° '.''ijjiig the shock to that little soul ! And, besides, from bobwIJW'J} dignity in her tace, there came up a picture of tlie,P°f,,, look in Miss Jemimah Baacom'a proud wmtta when ahe ahonia io»d ^ his eyes and see that he was ashamed of her. luen 'ti^-a to be ashamed of himselt. As he thought it over, *he' ?^l^ot be only one thing in this predicament that he ahonia » ashamed of himself for doing, and that waa going in i »n'1 '£ered. with her. ' I shall be very happy, Miss Jemimah, he an^ the lie stepped to the balustrade a moment, to ''^-.'currying extinguished cigarette that he had been unconsciously '6 nt in his fingers, and while be was there he stayed anotner^^^ to switch his careless cravat into place. ,.-vne' ,' ,ioor ready Jemimah had left the window and was standing at tne uu nice,y to go in. with her white shawl taken off and nttn«{'5Iher hia folded, from her hand. He took it from her, and giving arm, entered the door. . ?»«w-j-nfc of her As she clung to him he could feel the little e*c«*m; l^aa con heart, causing an agitated movement in her arm, a'u.'. f,xedne89 scioua— though he looked straight anead of. him w''id not ft of purpose— that her little chest was heaving. »ne anflwlon word. As they stepped into the room and «e threw w off a chair, and she quivered a little on her feet before iw into the donee, now that the plunge was taken, and the bright rrhta were on them and a hundred pair of searching eyes, the 1 p Lo ofearmnii out a resolve vanished, and he thought it was ST«o bad a thin*, after all, to have this little throbbing creature 'hffnrms for a dance. ? No feeling of difference in their station «» in between her and him now. It was not that he was Mr. Tpiemiah Slocomb and she simply Jemimy Bascom ; he was a inn and she was a woman. Her head barely came to his ^nWr* the yellowish mass of hair glistened under 'his eyes! i r fifce 'was averted, half buried on his shoulder. That little vIpLt went throbbing, throbbing, so close to his own. That orm life was so close to his. Around and round they spun, staring ZVJs i ever upon them, though Jeremiah did not look to see them ; LJ Tniilv felt that they were— the chandeliers ehttennc: over their fcpmls the strains of music changing and changing their phrase, nri tlie air of the room becoming more and more like the warmth £f a vapour bath. He was conscious that she was dancing grace t,\\\v that a bright colour was in her cheeks, and that the black ilk with its white lace collar was a handsome and becoming nrmpnr and he was conscious, more than all, 01 the clinging to |fm of this fast-breathing little creature. The waltz lasted long ; when at length the music did stop, it 1 ft the couple in the middle of the room. As she turned about toward the door, his partner drew along, panting breath, and ith a clowing, upturned face, softly thanked him. Approaching Jvip entrance, a bustling which he had dimly noticed centred Mplf uoon her, and he found himself facing a bevy of ladies, some old and some young, all with beaming faces, who ?»prp crying out, ' Why, Miss Borromeo, when did you Mine?' 'flow delighted I am to see you!' 'How well vmi are looking !' ' Why, we did not see you come into the nnm '' ' Where have you been this summer?' They fondled iiprns'if she had been a toy poodle ; and there was such an oitiou'nt of hand-shaking going on, that he lost her arm and was Somehow jostled aside as the party went through the doorway nnd into the hall ; and there he stood, alone ! lie turned once, nutting on his glasses, and looked back into the ballroom ; he rould scarcely believe that the person who had been whisked nff in this sudden fashion was his partner. But there was no Tpmiiny Bascom there. He involuntarily looked down for the qliawl ? that was gone. He watched the party of women still pptreatiii' down the long hall ; she might be among them, but.it was too far for his eyes. In any case, there was no . Tern i my llascom here now for him to show any more attention to. He stepped out on the piazza, lifting his hat to let the cool pvenin' air brush his forehead. lie even tapped that forehead,' og if to make sure it was there. He looked around him. He recocnised the piazza. Here she had certainly been with him. In afew moments he moved round to the window at which he liad been standing with Jetnimah. Possibly he had been dancing, bv mistake, with somebody else. But would the lady have made a corresponding mistake? It was barely possible— certainly not urobable. But at the best there was strangeness about this matter. Indeed, wiiat could be stranger than Jetnimy Bascom's being swept off by those exclusive old New York chaperons as the dearest of pets ? Strange ? Good heavens 1 when had he had an evening like this? Jeremiah mopped his brow ; this mystery made beads come on it. 'Stop'!' he muttered. He was pon dering whether that was just the colour of Jemimah's hair, after all ? and the eyes— was that their precise shade ? There were strange resemblances sometimes. He scanned closely the groups of spectators outside the windows, to see if Jemimah had possibly been left by him among them. She was not there. lie walked back to his hotel, went into the smokingrooni, lit a cigar, stretched out his legs,' and thought. Was that Jemimah Bascom he had danced with, or was it some other woman? Borromeo ; he had heard the name distinctly. A thought struck him; there was one thing that could be made certain, lie went back to the other hotel and examined the register. There it was —'Miss Borromeo' — well up in the list of arrivals of the day. ' Certain it is,' muttered Slocomb, 'she is here, and I — I must have danced with her. Was she Jemimah Bascom ? That is the question.' He lingered outside, watching whether his mysterious partner should. perhaps return to the Balsam House. But no one came. ? He wandered about, and by and by sought his room. There, cogitating still, his thoughts at last Bettled themselves : and he said aloud, as he finally turned over to sleep— 'It was Jemimah Bascom nnd it was Miss Borromeo ; and I will prove it out of her own. mouth to-morrow morning.' He came down to breakfast with determination stamped upon his face. .He looked hard into Jemimah's eyes. She met bis Raze unconcernedly. What was it to have walked to and irom the post-office with a respectable-appearing young man, and to have confessed to him, perhaps childishly, that she would like to dance in that forbidden hall ! To be sure, he might have taken her in, if he had had a mind to ; but then it was nothing to be deeply resentful about Jeremiah, however, was meanwhile giving her credit lor great command of tace. But he would ' speedily upset that, and as he steadily regarded her he put the question point blank, ' Were you dancing in the ballroom over there last night?' 'Haow?' asked Jemimah, as if not quite comprehending him. He repeated the question, but not quite so vigorously, under her innocent, studying gaze. 'Law !' ane answered, tilting awkwardly on one foot; 'no- body hain't asked me yet,' and went away. Could it be, alter all, that she had not heard his acceptance ana had uone away while he was at the balustrade ? He did not believe it possible, and with renewed determination, as she came by^Kain, he asked—'1 Jemimah, did you dance there last night ?V Law, naow,' she answered, snappishly, as an ominous light darted into her eye?; V* don't yeou be a-foolin' with me !' , But he would not be rebuffed. ''With me, I mean,' he insisted. ?:'4,' l 'J^011 8'0p. nftow !' she said, quite loudly, stopping short and looKing at him ; but in a moment the expression of her face remxeu and she added, musingly, ' or be yeou an id jit, anyhaow —one o them light-headed persons— an' don't know whether ii°? b fn a-dancin' or Btandin' still ? mv sakes !' And she turned on her heel and left him. Jeremiah dared say no more. Yet, when he rose from his lnvpi8Otma er« and she stood beside him, he involuntarily de aiiiwin mo.nient. measuring her height with his eye, heeding the lipf/ir !i her hair, nnd, more particularly than he ever had mini.' l1e ?olo«»'of her eyes; he laneied, ns he referred in his fpppnn 'I?,1'8* night's partner, that he could note a slight dif nrmti™ J e seemed to resent his stare, us if it were only a to k««« »On of tho 'foolin* ' he had been guilty of. 'I'd like abnm,f ; i ? soaid' Pettishly, ' whatever yeou be a-lookin' at and »h« ?Y hiniIV Ta'n't no business of yourn if it ain't tidy,' JeSm««i?8he(l1 .n.9 if he had been ril(ie to her. keen V?, ! ♦' Wfts klnd oi heart and repented himself of the too mean »« *iy tllBt had brought that piteous blush. 'I didn't 'Thanraiakt; you leel haii- Jemimah,' he said, face nmi fi yeou be fi-foolin' with me,' she said, with averted ain't eonri iV;re xTa? a 8li«ht 1uiver »» her voice as she added, 'I Thi enough for ypou.' felt thnMi8. k hnt.C01ne of uadnerintr u poor waiter-girl ! Slocomb 'lerine »ri!L i! had enou»h of it/ But he could not help won nctimT lr ^ ' wl'etller her behaviour wan not a good piece of to her.' was, he imiHt acknowledge that he was not equal Invitfifff i!?mn?onherecelve-l n note from Miss Hannah Wadaleigh. «ome of lip? r ? R(? on a drive c'r|J' tM« next dny with her and 'WKrCouBln v nil8;,,ftraonK fchein was to be ' Cousin Funny,' JeremiaW.,Vlnnny' , ''Hannah put it. 'i'he nfxl m fc ft reply of acceptance. e'Jy breakfSl?rni»V£ caaie- Slll(:('nb w«a served an irregular, ?* the meetin» «in n w.tt8 no Jeremiah to wait upon him. But ttmny.' ft £?!oce Cou8«n Hannah introduced him to 'Cousin Funny nnd mZ n 'PPnrent to Slocomb'u eye that Cousin »m wise Borcomeo nnd Ji-remiah Bftscom were all one aiid the same person. They were, at least, unless he had In** his wits and had become subject to hallucinatory vfsions Unon this point he did not feel quite certain. What a curious thlr£ it was If all these persons were one ! and why ahould she aubdhr^de heraeli into three? What aenaibie ground was hew tor snclia thing? Nay, even what treak could prompt it? Yet, Slocomb's mind was not very keenly centred on tins problem ;io7 the ^ narlmenc ot this personage which was labelled ' Cousin Fannv' had been assigned to him as his peculiar charge on this drive ? and there-ahe woa, as stylishly dressed and na vivacious as pos sible, fairly bubbling over with spirits, which all fell into Gui de voted Jeremiah's own; lap.. How could he be untangling problems under suchconditions 7 uuiungiino Nevertheless, there were moments when Jeremiah felt as if he must put to her the question, moments when* it was fairly trembling on Ins hps ; but as often he halted. Should he say ' 'Are you that waiter-girl at our hotel ?' Good heavens I what impertinence ! What if by any chance she should happen not to ?L ^?3lde8» even aupposincr she were Jemimah, his experience with this same Jemimah the other morning at the breakfast- table had wrought a timidity in him. If under the guise of Jemimah Bascom she had repulsed him, what might she not do as Miss Fanny Borroraeo ? «o Slocomb held his peace. It is true she wore a bunch of old roses at her breast, so old that the faded leaves scarcely held together ; and. to the best of his recollection, these were the same roses that he ha/1 laid on the dinner-table for Jemimnh Bascom. His lingers tingled to see them so preserved, ana he dreaded the possibility of learninc that they were not his. So they rather fixed than broke his silence At noon the party halted for .luncheon, by the wayside, sio comb found himself on a rock beside Cousin Funny with the proper amount of sandwiches between them. The halt had in. terrupted the (low and excitement of their conversation and now Jeremiah found his curiosity about Jemimah bcin to nrev upon his mind. He edged toward the subject. n ' You dance, don't you, Miss Borromeo?' he ventured ' 'Oh, yes.' ' Were you not (lancing the other night ?' ' I danced a square dance.' ' 'That must have been after I left,' thought Jeremiah. He wanted to ask her if she had not danced a round dance too But his notion of delicacy prevented him from undertaking a cross-examinntion. A silence ensued. It grew oppressive, lie ventured again, but without much, poise. ' Those are very pretty roses,v lie snid. She laughed him to ridicule for his remark as she looked down at the laded brown leaves, and be blushed crimson at his own inappropriate words. But he was at bay ; determined to reach his point, with a strong, firm voice he a9ked, ''Do you wait at our table, Miss Borromeo?' He was startled at the very sound of the question. As for her as he looked at her, he saw the dancing light in her eyes fade gradually out, and a stern, cold look creep in and replace it Said she, with great dignity and composure, ' Mr. Slocomb, what do you mean?' Yes ! what did he mean? That was what he would like to know. Why should he say such things? Miss Borromeo was indignant ; why should she not be? What was this preposterous idea that had been haunting him.for the last few days— this fancied resemblance between two or three women? 'Are you dreaming, Mr. Slocomb?' she asked, still regarding him coldly. ' Poor Jeremiah ! The sandwich he held in his hand tumbled to the ground, but he did not notice it. ' I — I think I am. I did. not mean to offend you,' he stammered, rising in his. un easiness. - ' , . '.Would it offend you,' she asked in a few moments, in an argumentative tone, . 'if, I were to ask if you ..were;not the hired' man from the livery:stable who drove us over, to the Springs. yesterday?' ' .' ' ' , ' . ..' ',Yes — yes — certainly,' he assented^ :. in. his blind desire to .atone. ? .''??'? ? ' A shade of disappointment crossed her lcatures. ' Would it offend you ?' v ' He caught her eye and imagined that he. was desired to speak the truth. He straitened himself up. 'No. it would not,' he answered — ' not if he drove well. 1 suppose a man can drive for a livery -stable without discredit. In fact, 1 should rather like it ?There is something tangible about it.' . - 'It is not very elevating,' she .observed. ' I don't know about that,' he replied. ' It is more elevating, for. instance, I should think, than selling substitutes for natural, iood.' . . . She gave him a quick glance, and then there was a long silence ; so long that at last Jeremiah made an effort and broke it, arti ficially and clumsily, asking, 'Won't you have another sand wich ?'- -, Miss Borromeo's eyes were on the ground. She did not look up, but asked, ' What did yeou sny ?' He looked at her. It was, indeed, Jeraimy Bnscom who sat there. before him. He did not smile or say a word at first under this avowal of the identity. Finally, however, he said deli berately— 'You have kept those roses a long time, Jemimy.' ' I want to keep roses from a man as honest as you are,' she answered impulsively, with her eyes still downcast. Then she looked up and said, ' Hannah told me about your misfortune in business.' ' Did she?' he asked, in surprise. 'Yes; you are quite a curiosity.' She Iuughed as she suid it, and he imagined that she was deriding him. 'Ef yeoii young folks uir a-goin' to pit hum in time for tea' —so spoke the veteran Jehu, looking straight at his off leader's ears—' it's abaout time y' started.' As they climbed intd'the waggon, Slocomb, with his mind some what distracted, seated himself by her as a matter- of course, though one young gentleman dilly-dallied about entering the vehicle for a long time, with the evident wish ot doing that thing himself. It annoyed him that she should have laughed when she said he was a curiosity. Was it a cynical laugh? What then? She was probably wearing these faded rose leaves only as a coquette would wear them— just to tickle him into a flirtation. He recalled the state of mind in which he had given them to her : there was so little of the trilling, so much of serious pity, about it. Ah! all women were giddy; sobriety of thought resided with men alone ; women were not made for him, nor he for. woman. It was a painful thought. He dwelt on that walk to the post- ollice— the brightness of her speech. She was clever to have counterfeited so well. Pity ! that depth could not go side by side with cleverness ! Then he remembered the dance, and the piesaure of that fragile, panting form, here and there, against bis own, as they went round the room. Alas ! she was so tar away from him now, in the character of Miss Borromeo. lie turned his eyes upon her with a look of regret. She was blushing— blushing deeply ; nnd her face was not only coloured but agitated by her blush. What were you tlunkm °fStm wUhVadiook of shame on her face, she answered/' I was thinking of that walk to the postoflice and back, and my silly talk to you' (Jeremiah 'reflected upon it ; undoubtedly it had been a great freak of. lijrlitneBB, such as one might be a little ashamed of afterward in one's sober moments); 'and ot my putting you off at the break fast-table the next morning ' 'It was well done,' he remarked. After a few moments he naked, ' What— what moved you to-to become a waiter ?' 'Why, for the fun of the thing, of course- or the change; you don't exnect one to he stupid all ones lite, do you, without ftl' j'ustnfl thought,' he mentally noted ; 'ah!, they are too ? II,, ,' friqlcv for me, How could it ever come into my head, £; if°i 5oreJa woman to do such a thing?.. No, Cousin Fanny and I are different. What a fool she must have thought me,' he Suddenly reUVcted. 'to *o in and dance zmthr her ! She must K5# Si did uTtlo it for the lark o thojhing, but only from a humdrum, stupid sense of propriety— a wasted effort, Jerry, on your part. You will know better next time and accommodate yonrself to the plane of your company, and not be serious wheer it only loves pleasure and excitement. A stick you are by the side of this gay young cousin of yours. '? Miss Borromeo only stayed a few days longer at Woodville. The season was not half out, indeed, and neither, for that matter, was her engagement at the Balsam House. But Slocomb, by his conduct, had led her out of that— for which she made composi tion with the practical landlord at a stiff premium — and it was a . little unpleasant to endure the notoriety which the gradually cir culating knowledge of her apprenticeship entailed upon her. By , some she was esteemed a harum-scarum young woman, by others ' a strong-minded specimen, and she was talked about by all. 'My dear,' said her friend Hannah, ' we really ought toco away ; it isn't nice for any young woman to be talked about so much, by people, even though they are strangers.' ? . But Fanny was reluctant to go, notwithstanding. She could not tell Hannah just why. ' But if Jeremiah would only no,' . she said to herself, ' then I should be glad enough to leave.' She did like Jeremiah. More points of character had come but between these two, under the peculiar circumstances of the last few days, than could have been discovered in six months of ordinary intercourse, and Fanny was not inclined to run away. She had a shrewd notion that he must think her to be only a wildsome kind of creature, without much balance and without much depth of motive. The reverse of that was what she felt to exist in him, and she thought that the only strong foundation for their mutual attachment must be in a common serious view of life. Yet she was too proud— -she had been too proud, and she was so still— to tell him the true reason of her coming as a waiter to the Balsom House : tlmt it was because she was sick of the nonentities of polite life, and wanted a little freshening contact with the working portion of humanity ; that it was because she was earnest, after all. She could not tell him, and he would think of her only as a clever little actress, a hoydenish, immature thing— a fly-away. She had the rose leaves still. They had all fallen off the stems now ; but she had them in abox, and kept for them a tender eye. Nay, she became disconsolate at times, and tear-drops fell upon them, as they fell elsewhere, in her lonely musings ; and when she looked at her face in the glass, it was often a dismal set of features, with some of the yellow hair stnis'ing unheeded about her ears and temples. Hew delighted Jeremiah would have been if he could have looked into her heart and from it into this correspondingly dis turbed countenance ! - As it was, looking only at the composed features as they ap peared on dress-parade in public, he found no comfort in what he saw. Miss Borromeo was a lively, but a metallic and forbidding creature. He was much more fond of the assumed character,. the simple, frank one, of Jemimy Bascom (perhaps that was the true one, though, and this was an affected and enamelled one ; if it was, the enamel was too hard for him to pierce). If he could only turn her back, then, into a real Jemimy Bnscom ! Then he would have a pleasant episode to look back upon. Now, he had only met an inferior character, one scarcely worthy of the plane . on which it moved, yet he lingered fondly over her after all, as embodying all there was left in this world of Jemimah. One day Hannah said to him, eyeing him rather shyly, ' Don't you like Cousin Fanny ?'' ?'Oh, yes, yes ; oh, yes,' he answered, startled by the question ; 'I like her.' ' But I mean, don't you think she. is an exceptional woman V ' Yes, I think she is — rather eccentric.' ' Oh ! miore than. that.' 'Well,, animated then; unusually fond of— excitement — ' coming to this hotel as she did ; fond of tun in an eccentric way.' 'I don't believe you know her,' responded Hannah. ; Slocomb smiled. - . 'Did she tell you what she did it for?' 'Yes, fora spree.' 'Jtis a fib !' declared Hannah ; ' a downright fib ! She came here because her dear, earnest heart couldn't stand the frivolities that— that— surrounded her any longer. She was just desperate.' Jeremiah thereafter thought of the ardent mind in that frail little body of his Cousin Fanny and of the contrast between the bright yellow hair and hazel eyes and vivacious manner on one hand, and the indwelling, concealed earnestness— a blind kind ot earnestness, that little understood itself, and was, after all, not more than a hasty, rushing bent He did not analyse the nature carefully, but he saw its dim outline; and Jemimy Bascom — well-bred and polite and earnest — became a doubly dear Jemimy Bascom to him. The day came, at length, which was to be their last day together at Woodville. They bad strolled down the road in the afternoon, and were sitting on that self-same log by theTurook where Slocomb had sat that morning when he bought the roses' for Jemimab. The sun was now slanting down the road from the \ west, the birds were musical in the woods, and the brook went gurgling ori as before. The distant, low, wooded hills slept in the summer afternoon. There was peace in the air. ? ,-?'. Here, a few days before, his companion had appeared before his mental vision as a humble, unfortunate waitress, the contem plation of whose face, as seen in his mind, had turned the quiet objects about the spot where he sat into makers of lamenting music, which went well with the sad image he saw. Now she waa by his side — his veritable companion — and her actual pre sence so added to all the other music about — the ear-sounds and the soul-sounds both— that Jeremiah was quite carried away to the regions of poetic love. ' , 'To-morrow I go, Misa Borromeo (he preferred tnat. to Cousin Fanny), he said, abruptly, after an appreciable pause She said nothing. Her hat was on the back of her yellow head, and she was pulling spears of grass to pieces. 'I seem to be losing all I ever had,' he muttered in discom fiture. ' I left my money in that confounded business, and I am leaving my heart here.' He picked up a stone and threw it in the brook, and then looked at her. : she was still pulling the spears of grass to pieces. 'While I am about it,' hecontinued, 'I imagine I might as well do the whole thing, and lose my head to boot. ' ' ' How do you mean ?' she asked. .. ? ?'? .Jeremiah hesitated. It was a great moment; for him. His conviction was that his Cousin Fanny despised i him — first, for being so sentimental as to -:ive roses to Jemimy Buscomb ; second, for dancing with her afterward ; third, still later, for dawdling about Miss Borromeo in a mawkish fashion, as he con ceived himself to have been doing, for the last week. He saw riottiiug in his conduct since he had been in Woodville that she could respect . ? And as for her, was not she in turn surprised to. hear him, ? after all, talking about losing his heart? This1 manly cousin, Jeremiah Slocomb— with graces of rose leaves, however, and of dancing, to adorn. him— -what could she be to him but a flashy, lawless chit?. Evidently, the air needed clearing. ' What do I mean ?' returned Jeremiah ; why, I suppose a man might lose his head enough to ask a woman^o marry him. Another stone went into the brook, and the bitsiot crass spears were piling up. ?£?''. ,? 11 Would that be losing his head ?' she asked, faintly. '-Yes, if he knew he was not much regn.rded. ' If he knew it,' she sugcested. 'Yes.' ' Does he know it ?' . ., .. i,., 'He is pretty sure of it,' he answered, with a smile. # J-or instance, when he gives ilowers to hia waiter, because he, in hid silliness, imagines she has come down trpm some higher plane, hernust appearsentimental— weakly so. 'He appears,' she said, 'to be capable ot pity, and to have some perception nnd some care for the humble. ... ' That might possibly be true, it it were not ior the co-exiatins earthly attraction of the yoffng maid. That tntVkesit nM selfish. ' 1 don't know that I object to that,' she said, with the hazel ?eyes cast down. , , 'Sotuat,' he went on, 'after he finds, apparently, that she id on her own level, he still goes on being friendly with her— a. little attentive 'to her.' 'I am plad he was,' she niurniured. 'Why?' 'Because,' she broke out, looking him in the eye, 'because he is an honest man ; because he was polite to me as a country maid ; because he danced in the ballroom with me as a country maid ; because he was not ashamed of an obscure girl ; because you are a man, Jeremiah Slocomb, and I admire you !' In a moment, however, and ere he could show his pleasure at ?what she had said, her excitement appeared to subside, and she asked stoutly, looking into his face— 'Why did you think of losing your head to me, as you say you have Io3t your heart? Tell me?' -' Because — ' and Jeremiah paused ana meditated. 'I know why now : because, by your keeping those roses — you told me, you know, that you kept them because Hannah had told you «!bout my ill-venture in the grocery business — by that you had picked out in me what 1 valued myself, to gause me by. And if your ideas and mine, Jemimy, are the same in that respect, why, I am willine to join my future to yours. That sounds cold, ?doesn't it? '' But we are talking now about losing the head. The loss of heart, you iknow, was owing to a combination of things, and can't be accounted tor exactly. ' ' Have you lost your head, Jeremiah ?' she asked, in a low voice. 'Kes.' ?'I have lost mine, dear. It has gone with — with the rest of me.' The stones stopped going into the brook, and the little heap of srrnss spears stopped piling up. The music that Slocomb had been hearing broke out into grand harmonies, and in the midst of it he bowed his head until his lips pressed upon the fiamins cheek of dear little Jemimy Baseotn. ? 