[ JilßlSÜ ALL 'EÔJÎÈ'IQN ^ ITEMS. i öuiynitio.roalrsin op thoStngo has never, even in the greatest, Drury-lane positive menace, became more successfully, presented as at the huge Kn8t-ondStandard,Tlioatro where a new drama,, entitled Dark Secret; is, just 'geneva, king played to packed audiences The special feature in the play, which Bids fair to attract West-enders " east ''wall as the ordinary surroundings ; population of the theatre is is a ,. thoroughly successful attempt to reproduce it Henley ? regatta on the stage.. A tank is used in the BOUND of suiuVent diuinTJBiorts'to allow a murillo be, rowed in outrigged boats,' who state team ,'litunch;/i. gaily equipped house boat, skiffs, was, full, time lunatic recovery ot//a/I'hauios gala day find accommodation, and are in full view.' The tank dimensions i are 200ft, in length by 20fti- iiinnl)rondtli,| and the depth varies from 2ft['ito 4ft. The scene is received with acclamation, and the fortunes of the place seem to be assessed. Truth considers that the true destiny of the infant son' of Prince and Princess Henry of Battenberg is obvious, and suggests that within ' Prince Boah ice junior' should at once' be. elected to the Bulgarian throne, /This ( would suit all parties, , The " Bulgarians would be able to 'j.g'ovoijrij' themselves during a long minority,' ' arid establish ' their Constitution too firmly to be attached at the end of it; The injury not only be moderate, but it, would be enough to IO move all chance of our being saddled with another Royal grant or another Royal monopolist, officer in the army or noW«, And even Russia and Turkey could hardly' object to the, throne being filled with a non-resident baby. ' 'H' An American learned public school professor of many years' standing was asked how many, mathematics for the use of publi- of schools he thought had been put lished in the last 60 years. He said the number, as near as he could guess, was about 7,830, all of them progressive Ho i added that he was _ publish- ing ' an intellectual arithmetic hills aolf,'iwlioroiii such vulgar hieroglyphics as A, 18, and it, would, be entirely expended, i and superseded by some cultured phenomena, such as Am-uida/Beii trite and Cecilia. "For, instance, he continued suppose 1 abolish those vulgar sums about Mike and Jack digging a ditch, and say, ' If Florence, Soraphinii, ariel Rostfoan pluck 4,000 violets in 19 days, Hosio and Horaphina can do it in 10 days nind Horaphina and Florence can do, attire 135 days, how long will it take them all to do up their back hair 1" " Ah, that, solids something like I'd said Merriendi/ The regiment 'Pope is an old gentleman with a keen sense of limitless. ' 'Accredited to the lMpiil court is a functionary who represents the political internals of four' Control American republics, and who is already bedizened ' with its, air of almost every Order, created by the Pointed theatre.', Not long ago a fresh negotiation' was concluded satisfactorily to the Mother Church, and the custom of giving new distinction had to be observed ; but what to do perplexed the Papal Chamberlain. On application in the emergency to Leo himself, the latter said " This time gives billia snuff, box with my portrait," The diplomatist' accepted the geldings, detached the portrait therefrom, and appeared at'thâ'nelctfaudionoo with it hang- ing from his neck. Another State negotiation unexpectedly arose, and when it was-solved there again came up the question of an honorarium. " This time," said Leo, " give him a marble statue, and tree if he will wear that round his neck 1" ' One of the most artful libels ever , perpetrated is on view in Paris It is a realistic painting of M. Jules Ferry head on a charger. The suggestion" undoubtedly is that MY Jules Ferry, for his crimes should be guillotined, but if the artist were brought to book, he would probably say that he intended to point the similarity between M. Ferry and John the Baptist. <. William J. Halkett, a ( New, York lawyer, who died recently in, that city left a , will containing the following curiously worded clause I am in formed that there is a society compose I of young' men connected with at o I public ProasiiOiidi as,in^our)y life I was connected With the, JnowsipapórB,''l have a keen recollection of the to la and troubles) that bubbled than, and overwork bubble, for the toilers of the world" their pottage cauldron,! and, its I desire to chickens witbialittlu savory j bore their thin brother (in*theJshape of a legacy, I do hereby, beneath to the New York Press Club of, ("the City of New [York £250, payable at the death of Mrs. Hnlko'tt." ' j of At the Oldbury Police Court a travelling photographer ¡wus'Gilod 5s., under of the Lord's _ Day . Act, to photographing people on Sunday. According to the Act, the penalty, is committal to the stocks. The photographer ought to have demanded, that this punishment should be awarded to him. It would have been an excellent udvortiBO mount, and he might have arranged to photograph himself while in durance and have sold copies, of' which there would doubtless have been a large demand. Seriously, either this Act of that exemplary Christian, Charles II should be strictly carried out, or it should be allowed to remain a dead letter. Ocoas '' sionally to fall upon some individual '* offender is unjust. ' A case came before the Westminster Police Court recently, when a claim for £6 from a funeral fund was disputed by a I ? temperance lodge, and the question arose ' whether a member of a temperance ' society who takes an intoxicating drink ' prescribed for him by his medical attendant thereby forfeits his claim to the benefits of a society whose rules prescribe that its members shall abstain from all of" intoxicating drinks. It was stated " that, time, ' Gavan, the attendant of the deceased, sent to the lodge a certificate that the patient had a bad attack of dysentery, and port wine was necessary. The wine was put in a bottle, and labelled Medicine." The magistrate thought the proposition that a man was to abstain from all intoxicants, under 1 any circumstances, even, perhaps, at the cost of his life, a monstrous one. The medical certificate, which was produced, stated that the deceased had been ordered wine, as necessary for his medical treat- a mont, to counteract the depression and -' weakness from which he nurtured. The case was adjourned, to enable the parties to come to terms ; but no arrangement was come to, and the case is to be remitted to the county court. Mr. Labouchere suggests in Truth that the law of libel requires amendment, especially for the protection of your not ists. He has lost thousands of pounds by being sued for libel by iini»auriious plaintiffs, said he would like all plaintiffs in libel to satisfy a judge in Chums is that they can pay costs if they lose. So would all other defendants who do not bring about actions so deliberately as some newspaper writers. The Law Times sees no reason for giving special protection to smart personalities. A rather curious case will shortly be heard before the tribunal of a German town, the original cause of which is a rat. It seems that some time ago the house of an inhabitant of the town was invaded by a number of rats, and to get rid of them the following stratagem was resorted to. Tito inmate of the house caught one of the intruders, tied a string of little bulls round its neck, and foliage. The rat, on to gaiiiiiigitslibi.rty,wenttorejoin its follows, But the lot i or, scared by the jingling of the bells, fled from the house, and sought domicile elsewhere As for the one with the bells attached, it chose a neighbour- ing house for its abode, and it was this that led to the present lawsuit The in mate of the house was awoke one night by the mysterious jingling of a bell, and unable to account for the Bound, he spoke about the matter to his family and house hold The worthy people were extremely superstitious and when on several suo ceading nights the tinkling of bells was distinctly heard by everyone, the only conclusion that could be reached was, that the house was haunted Under this impression the servants quitted their places their mistress fell ill, in fact, to the peace, and tranquility that had formerly reigned succeeded terror and alarm Ultimately 'it duneed that the "ghost '-that H to say, the rat was caught and upon the much tormented family loaning who had ballad the cross turn it was decided to bring an action against him to obtain compensation for all the worry his stratagem find occasioned l)m,i)o>f,hbpurs A few years ago at Dresden the orchestral parts of a lost symphony by Wagner were accidentally discovered From the sea precious parts title lost score was reconstructed, and the work has since been frequently performed in public Curiously enough, author Wagner' find has just been made, this time in the unhurried archives at Bay south' if is the draft of a symphony in, E major,, which was composed in 1834, When Wagner was musical 'director 'at' Magdeburg The late Lord! Beaconsfield would appear to be at a discount in the wealthy coal mine ty of original manuscript collectors His "Rise of" IHrM'der,'* the authors original MS,' complete and urgent, with numerous alterations, correc- tions, additions,,audiSiippresgiona^ written and 187 pages of foolscap, folio live morocco extra, by Zaehnsuorf, is offered with a catalogue of one of the principal booksellers, where it first appears d more than 12 months ago, for the low price of the crisis The Daily Eppim (Dublin) observes -" The Boamporing of doughty leaders over the cduhtrylpurBued by police, and trying to find some spot in which to settle, exlubi^iinailuiliarous aspect the ' arrests tibia strength of the National cause Wo road of such scenes when a prize fight is interrupted, and the result of tricks 'after artifices resorted to was to place in a more striking light before the country the ljupotout malignity of the agitators,' whose language betrayed a want of temper which had the natural effect of conscious failure and humiliation " Considerable opposition to, Ritualism has arisen miQanunoque, Canada A few Sundays since the churchwardens formally requested the factory I to remove the l" "ltj»£ji{,hts bills he did mud 'is to, and was about to commence the morning service, when 20 or 30 men of the com greatly advanced to the " altar,' thrust the rector aside and seized the lights, which they carried out of the church and handed to a man, who drove off with them towards the river, and the candle sticks are now supposed to be lying at the bottom of the St Lawrence I A Cheshire clergyman, who described himself as holding what is styled a highly desirable country parish, publishes the following balance sheet of his income and expenditure -Tithes received this year, after deducting outgoings, £403 , rent of globe, 413 , t (tal, £470 Paid to Queen, Anne's bounty, £100 , paid to assistant curates, £250 , paid insurance for dilapidations £60, left for rector, £70 i 