VICTORIAN RIFLE ASSOCIATION. An adjourned meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association was held at last night at the Port Phillip Club, the officer commanding the military forces, Colonel Disney), being in the chair THE MOUNTED RIFLES The necessary alterations to the rules of the Î It A to permit of the Mounted Rifle Corps being represented on the council of the association by three delegates were unanimously adopted. The representatives are to be elected, one for each of three dia tricia, the boundaries of which have been already defined by Colonel Price, the officer ' commanding the Mounted Rifles, and which of are to be officially named by the military commandant prior to the special meeting, for the confirmation of rules as amended HIL IMLItCOIOMVL MATCH A letter w as received from the secretary of the South Australian lettie Association, stating that they had unanimously decided to allow competitor-) in the forthcoming intercolonial match to use wind gauges on the! back sights of the rifles, as was the custom in New South W ales 'Their association was, however, of opinion that a big part of teacher instead of Jib , as fixed by the V it A., was necessary the Tasmanian Association also wrote, stating that they had determined to use the wind gauges if necessary, in the intercolonial match It was suggested that a conference should be held in South Australia to six conditions for the intercolonial matches in future, so that all the colonies might be under the same conditions. flic New South Wales association wrote congratulating Victorian riflemen on buying adopted the improved tickets used in that colony. It was decided to inform the New South Wales association that no alteration had been made in the rules of the V R A as regards artificial stones, and that they had merely claimed the u_,hc for the present in intercolonial match to use paper nights on the sitting, bar It was decided to nominate delegates for a conference as to the conduct of future matches CKN.CVNIlb M BLUES The secretary of the New South W ales Rifle Association wrote saying that Major General Downes, the secretary of the Defence department, had, in response to an inquiry Hum their association, stated that all sworn in members of rifle clubs were recognised as part of the Science forces of the colony It was intimated time under this rule" the members of rifle clubs would be eligible us competitors in the New South Wales autumnal matches It was a pin said that, in replying other wise to mt itinerary do the New South to dies council on the subject the V A had acted on the supposition that the words ' defence force in their centennial conditions were understood to amend the Naval undAltliturj , burges, under which heading the rifle clubs would not be included The letter was received, but no other action was taken TILL V R V PROGRAMME. The revised programme for the next annual matches, as submitted by the full committee, was adopted as follows - MAIC11C!» IU.!)li 1011211 10 MEMBERS OF THE Naval, and military. toiicLu 01 Mc 101 IA ItHllbsEMtTItlä MITCHESON 400 600 yards seven rouuUaat cities visited Government Martini Henry rifles or carbines, clot eminent medical, till the position extent of 100 yards iMitcti shall be fired kneeling. Open to teams of 1. members of every troop battery or company in the Natal and Military Forces of Victoria. 100 prizes, of the value and.. 0 Note Lost near the middle range was 600 yards and the pro 11 one j 2 00 The change in the things that care certain number of shots 111 the starting, Vnicclii " u 11 proper positions in her lUvui Russell -loo and 500 yards seven rounds in each case cities as in Match 1 Military-rd lion He had a fine match aOprucsot the value of x 0 I note items dcci corollary competitors to fire as in any shots as possible in three minutes, start and finish to boat bridge- call an 1 life points to be disturbed for any shots tired before or after the calls. Line lavas.- "00 ii of l-OOJtnls seven rounds at each mine 1 rifles as 111 match I Military position 48 price. of the t value of ALICE M us! 11 IsTAi n- 214) yards seven rounds lines as in nt itch 1 Military position Open to 1 stillness of the Natal and Military Forces of Victoria who It five Let triton a prize at any V It A directive. previous to terrible loss 44 prizes of the t chief UNO Note -Nurses Mat h last scarves recent 400 janN Prize money forgotten 111 inches slightly in creased JiMon M van- jCO v trade Seven round' Hides na 111 Match 1 Military position Open to members of the Naval nut Military Forces of Victoria to be time never won a prize excel in a chain value at an) uno medal, of the V R V previous to Itoviinlicr )6 Otic 1 able to ill to be are at loss to the In Mildil Silica officials of CM MUCUtS Utan ACTED TO MOTHERS OF KIT II CLUBS father ill tudor to a Discipline Act Prior to steep tennis. r law and whether effective at the State of 1 near "Aileron rim Mvtcii-.00 Clio mail COO yards Seven court is situated range Martini Henry rifles or carnivals (Jon eminent artists Military position t To 1 to teams of five members of the) rifle clubs tom in Under the closely line Act also with their at home then in the order in their selection at nominated at the time of entry) tell competitor must be a ban little resident of the locality in ninth the club is formed the Challenge hope now held by the Rupanyup Hide Club takes £10 presented by the Hon I Iciiteu int colonel direct c M O , subject to the roads tons lit! (tom by the donor will all be attended to that club which limiting entered itself disturber of rev rcfccu.riliic-i shall have made their "best Laureate Port) price of the value of -the City din VfiTcu - 00 400 -and 500 jams Seven rounds at each range Miller) posit on except at 400 yards 1 Inch but ill be Ire I kneeled. Uni ) rites of the value of 2 oz Mounted rifle coins ances which nominate a team of 12 of To tito libelled as shall be eligible to compete for a Challenge Cup subject to the conditions laid down 11 by the council which will be a t added to the coin fall) thick nation entered its full number of repre scientists Blinll life into the relations i._:cri"atc Members nominators that has attended four drills (mounted) in the three enteritis next preceding the direction The company shall count for the Challenge Cup the score of ant 1 of father who his been transferred total (output attain the bN mouths j prior to the finding, Note -Conditions exactly) as he ItcprcsouUtlto Match IN 11 army -This - Cowards Seven rounds Villa serv 1 position open to members of rifle clubs store In under date March line Act who are bona-fide real (tests of the long delay in which the club is formed at ii who have 11 for won a prize at ant VIC A direction. 1 retails tiNoteiuber, lbs 44 prizes of the value of "SO rue; JtMoit MatcH- rovers Ten rounds Mill tary position Open to frontiers of rifle clubs set ora In under the ninth line Yet the. acre I once had reel dents of the locality in which the 1 till Is formed an I also have other countries over the. chain warrant an) V H A meeting preceding November, ... 48 acres of the value of the late M Tellier and 00 1 yards. Seven rounds at each dance Military j position he be a time match Oneil to useful era of rifle clubs favors be under the Life Ipllno Act who are born II le residents of time I love till) in which the club Is former 1 for) prizes of the t was of 300 Note rust year this was fired at ruins of 600 and 700 v inns. to be a time lately in the State can differs as Middle- banco and Club Match No time In" shots to be allotted 1 in time matches maiden lisritiCTCD to Fair naval and MILITARY FORCES AND BEST 1 CMJIIS wells In under the Discipline Act Tur Vniin'v Mails - "secured. seven rounds at civil rights Military a position To be a time stated Open to the members, of the naval and mill tar) forces of Victoria and to in tubers of rifle clubs to prizes of the v value of £100 Note to he fired under the same conditions as the other two time matches limited PnUf- JOH 600 and 800 yards seven rounds at each rattle Martini Henry rifles or carbines (government stating Military ) balliol! Open to members of the hat on and miller) forces of Victoria, and members of rifle clubs fined, 20s The it Innes of the second prize it will receive a silt in model, and the next six highest scorers bronze medals, First 1 size, cold cup value elec , in a race of the value of xJ..l) Note East year "0 prizes, value! at £101 store ghost and the entrance fee was 7s 6d One alter and six bronze medals are also added to the prize list tNUNOV. f llMTVNCt MATCH The council allotted UOel for prizes 'the match to be fired on the morning of the last day of the annual matches, and at Laverton it possible Colonel Brownrigg, Major Moods, and Captain Powell were appointed to draw up conditions and conduct the match All other matches remain the same as last year, except that in the schools matches for prizes have been increased in value to the extent of Lib in the naval and military snatches the prize mont 2 amounts to "be us against in JO for last year, and in the club mine lies to MAGIC is retiring £500 for the year. the total amount to be paid away in prizes was increased from x2,..'"i0 last year to labour [or the coming series of matches the V RA. gold medal and N ItA medal will be awarded for the best aggregates in the same must lies as last year. The association then adjourned. 