General News. Brisbane Diocesan Synod. The first session of the Eighth Synod of the Church of England, Diocese of Brisbane, was opened yesterday afternoon at the Diocesan Chambers, George- street, the Bishop (Dr. W. T. T. Webber) presiding. , m ™ «™v morning there had been a cei^ra^on of the Holy Communion at St. John's Pro-v/athedral, the Bishop officiating, assisted by the 3ev6> B. B. Wilson, G. J. Tatbam, and George Hall, About thirty of the clergy communi cated. This was followed by a meeting of the clergy at Bishopebourne, where devotional exercises were oonauoted and an address de livered by the Yen. Archdeacon Dawes. At the afternoon meeting the president opened the proceedings with prayer. The roll was then called, when the following; members answered to their names:—Clergy; Yen. Canon Glennie, Archdeacons Dawes and Jones, Revs. Abe, Bannister, Court, Eva, Guinness, Hall, Handyside, Hassall, Heath, Houlbrook, Julius, Leighton, Matthews, Meeres, Molesworth, Nobbs, Osborne, Power, Pughe, Ramm, Richards, Robinson, Sim mons, Tatham, Vosper, Wilßon, Wooton. Laity: Mr. Justice Harding, Hons. J. B. Diokson, M.L.A.; H. C. A'Court; G. King, M.L.C.; Captains G. P. Heath, R.N., C. B. Whish; Drs J. Hill, and L. Kesteven; Messrs. T. Norton, M.L.A., 0. M. Allen, W. Barrett, E. J. Bennett, L. A. Bernays, W. T. Blakeney, J. Burnett, E. Deighton, W. L. G. Drew, G. L. Hart, J. Hockley, £. D. Hodgson, T. M. King, A. F. Luya, R. K. Macnish, 0. S. Miles, R. D. Eden, J. E. Noakes, A. Norton, A. R. H. Pietzcker, J. B. Stanley, J. H. Trimble, T. Weedon, W. Weedon, E. Westaway, J. W. Wild, W. F. Wilson, W. R. Wood, H. W. Wyborn, and E. H. Webb. A number of clergymen and eynodsmen who took their seats for the first time subscribed the necessary declaration. The Rev. C. G. Robinson was elected clerical secretary, and Captain Whish lay secretary. Captain G. P. Heath, R.N., was elected chairman of committees. THE BISHOP'S ADDRESS. Bishop Wkbbeb then delivered the following address:— My Reverend Bbbthben of the Clergy, My Beetheen of thk Laity,—lt is with new hopes for the future of the Church in this diocese —so dear to us all—and in full reliance on the blessing'of God upon the work which he has com mitted to us, that I heartily welcome you here on this first session of the eighth Synod of this diocese; and you will unite with me in the earnest hope and prayer that when the three yean of its life shall have come to a close it may leave be hind it a record to show that it has not run in vain, neither laboured in vain. May that same blessing so rest on the work of this its first session that all oar deliberations may be conducted in the spirit of charity, and all our mistakes and imperfections overruled to the greater glory of God. HEB MAJESTY THE QUEEN. But we must not proceed to the work before us without reminding ourselves of the thankfulness we owe to Almighty God for having permitted our beloved Queen to accomplish fifty years of a reign which, more than any other that history re cords, has been marked by progress as its charac teristic, and fraught with a moral influence which is not the less vital a factor in a nation's life because it cannot be precipitated, calculated, gauged, or measured. Tour representatives, the Council, as you have been advised, have in your name conveyed to her Majesty through his Excellency the Governor the expression of your loyal attachment and sincere congratulations. The coun cil have gone further and have in vited from every churchman throughout the diocese a contribution (however small) toward* the proposed Cathedral as a memorial of that auspicious event, which is without parallel in the 1000 yean of our nation's history. NEW BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. Leaving, now, in thought the old country, and coming back to the lands which lie "by the longwash of Australasian seas," we cannot fail to bestow a more than passing glance at the for tunes of our sister dioceses, and we welcome with an Australian greeting my old London neighbour Dr. Field Flowers Goe, whose Church of St. tfeorge, Bloomsbury, was but a few hundred yards from my own of St. John's, Bed Lion Square. It is singular that out of a small body of some five or six clergy who were associated in contiguous parishes for Sunday school purposes three should now be labouring beneath the Southern Cross. We welcome the new Bishop of Melbourne with the full conviction that his single-hearted devotion to the work of our common Master cannot fail to leave its mark on the diocese now committed to his rule. The General Synod of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania (held every five years) met in Sydney, on Tuesday, 26th October, under the presidency of the Most Reverend Alfred Barry, D.D., Primate. Ten out of the thirteen dioceses were repre sented by their respective Bishops—namely, Sydney, Goulburn, Grafton and Armidale, Adelaide, Tasmania, Newcastle, Ballarat, Riverina, North Queensland, and Brisbane. The Bishop of Perth was in England; aad the Sees of Melbourne and Bathurst were vacant, but were represented by their respective Administrators. Of the ten elected representatives of this diocese, seven answered to their names. It may here be noted how thoroughly the principle of representa tion iB carried out in the Australasian Church. Each parish is represented in its own Diocesan Synod. Each Diocesan Synod elects its own representatives to sit in the great Quin quennial Council of the whole Church. The Session was held in the New Chapter House, which had been publicly opened by the Governor, Lord Carrington, on the previous day. The house of Bishops met on several mornings, and considered important questions affecting the well-being of the Church, which had been referred to them. The following are among the principal subjects which were brought under the consideration of the General Synod:— 1\. The desirableness of conferring the title of Archbishop upon the Primate, which was unani mously affirmed, and referred to the Pan Anglican Synod to meet at Lambeth in 1888. 2\. The importance of promoting greater visible unity among all the Christian bodies who hold substantially the game creed. 3\. The framing of a complete code of Canons suitable to the needs of the entire Australian Church—referred to the house of Bishops. 4\. The necessity for more active missionary enterprise, especially in the newly-acquired ter ritory of New Guinea, and among the islanders of the Pacific. 6\. The need of greater elasticity in adapting the ■ervices of our Prayer Book to the special require ments of colonial life. 6 The adoption of the Revine* Version of the Bible for general use in pu^ Mrv ioeB-referred to the house of Bishop*, *L h+ifd^nta^'«)S *°<b8 Saul 63 from an exten-. •ion of the IVuMJcmata, or the revival of Minor Orders uj/ tQe Church. LAHBETH CONFERENCE. The Arohbishop of Canterbury has summoned the Bishops of the Anglican Communion from all parts of the world to meet at Lambeth in the ensuing Jear. Upon my informing the council of this, a ope was unanimously expressed that the Diocese of Brisbane would not be unrepresented on that occasion. Notwithstanding this kind expression, in view of the work before me, I should have ventured to ask bis Grace to excuse my atten dance, were it not that I see no other means of supplying some of our greatest needs—notably that of more clergy—save by a personal appeal to friends at home. For this cause, mainly, I have replied, intimating my intention to obey the summons. In view of the objects to be attained, it would be desirable that I should be in England, if possible, before Easter, that I may at once visit the universities, which I should be glad to do before the Lent term is over. It is highly im portant that whatever I do at home now should be done with some thoroughness and plans laid for permanence, as generations quickly pass and long years may elapse before again, if ever, I revisit English shores. Under these circum stances I wul take the opportunity of eliciting from you during the session some suggestion as to the meeting of Synod for the coming year. Should there be any subject which you would specially desire to have considered by the conference at Lambeth, I should invite you to advise me of the same by a resolution on the subject. FOREIGN MISSIONS. But while we think of Church extension within our own borders we must not forget our duties to the unreached native races either here or else where. The mission to New Guinea, placed for a while under the Bishop of North Queensland, has distinct claims upon us—as well as the Melanesian mission; nor must we forget our duties towards the Chinese in our midst. Here Mr. Wilson, while in England, has taken steps which may result in securing the services of a Chinese missionary to enable us to discharge, in a measure at least, our responsibilities towards their people. The day of intercession for foreign missions was observed last year in our Bris bane churches, and I hope to see it more univer sally observed in the diocese. OUR CLERGY. Coming now to the affairs of our own dioceße, I am glaa to record a further increase in our ranks. You may remember that in November, 1885—the time of taking charge of the diocese—the number of our clergy was thirty-three. This number, in the ten months following, was raised to forty-four. Since last session it has been further augmented by the addition of the following:—Rev. F. J. AW, Rev. H. M. Bannister, M.A., Rev. M. Brownrigg, Rev. F. J. Leighton, M.A., Rev. H. T. Molesworth, A.X.C., Rev. G. F. S. Nobbs, lUt. Manley Power, M.A., Rev. T. St. John Pughe, Rev. D. Ruddock, Rev. G. J. Tatham, On the other hand the Rev. E. J. Williams, of North Queensland, who was temporarily assisting therectorofGympie.hasreturned to hisown diocese, and the Rev. J. Aldis, late of Muttaburra, has returned to New South Wales. The Rev. J. M. Stuart, who last November arrived from Eng land for the benefit of his health, temporarily assisted at Warwick, work of which, however, bis health forbade the continuance. lam unable, therefore, to reckon him among my effective clergy. With deep regret I have to record that my duty compelled me to issue an inhibition for bidding one clergyman from further ministering in this diocese. Thus the number of our clergy is now fifty-one. But, although this is an increase of more than 50 per cent upon our number in little more than eighteen months, we seem to be as much in need of men as ever. The rural deans of Maryborough and Bockhampton are calling for men to supply neglected districts in their deaneries, and Charle ville, Durundur, with many other places, are without a clergyman. We must look for con siderable additions before our Church can be brought at all abreast of the work which is to be done. The Rev. W. A. Diggens, rector of Rockhamp ton, after seven years' good work, has received permission to take a six months' holiday, and has gone to England. Rev. D. Ruddock is acting •s locum tenens. We are glad to see amongst us again, after a year's absence in Englund, the Rev. E. C. Osborn, whose earnest work at Roma is by no means forgotten. Glad, too, are we to record that the Rev. E. L. Salisbury is back once more at bis devoted work on Darling Downs. Cordially, too, we welcome baok amongst us my chaplain and friend, the Rev. Bernard R. Wilson, the vicar of St. John's Pro-Cathedral, from whose brave and saintly father I have received a letter assuring me that it is dis tinctly his wish that his son should return to our shores and to the work of the diocese. Mr. Wilson's brief visit homo is not unlikely to be attended with indirect results which will more than compensate for Ids six months' absence from amongst us. The interest which he has been enabled to kindle there in the work of the Church in this Diocese will, I have reason to hope, bear fruit in the accession to our ranks of additional clergy from the old country—and badly we need them—again and again I have to return a disap pointing answer to my rural deans and others who ask me for men. But I would rather have no clergy in a place and trust to the williug labours of godly laymen than have men whose "life and doctrine" witness for anything except that which it is the Church's mission to set forth. Men of the right stomp it is not easy to find in sufficient numbers. Amongst the first things which impressed me as causing serious apprehension when I arrived to take charge of this diocese was the lack of indication of any candidates from our best educated classes preparing for the ministry. I called public attention to this in one of my earliest utterances, and quite recently Mr. Justice Mem referred to the same defect in the outcome of our educational system. I was glad to note h:s remarks, and I thank him for his help, for, though gifts and graces higher than the merely intellec tual are essential to the exorcise of a true ministry, yet it is obviously for tho interests of the whole community that the ministerial ranks should be recruited from tho best educated classes. But though I am better able than I was on my arriva 1 to uuilu'ctatul tlio causes which account for tho regrettable phciioinenr.n, yet none the less serious are the fact and its import; nor in tho situation bettered by the thought that the causes are of a nature whioh will not be easily counteracted until after the lapse of time. Only let me say emphatically that till we are in a position to supply our own clergy from the colony itself we lack one of the most important elements of strength and stability for the Church in this land. Every true leader of missionary enterprise knows well that his efforts must be directed to the raising by-and- hy of a native ministry—and the same principle is true as applied to the colonial Church; The amount of self -sacrifice which such supply involves is the measure of the reality and progress of the religious life of the people. I need not repeat what I have said in my hut address on this or on any other topic. Enough to state here that one more year's experience in the Diocese leads me by no means to modify, except by way of emphasis, most of what I then said. The expression of the hope in which I indulged last year that one day might see a University established for Queensland, to which we might affiliate a Church of England college, seems, through the rejuvenescent energy of Sir Charles Lilley, to have been brought within measurable distance: a petition will be laid on the table of the Synod, to which, I believe, your attention will be called by resolution. The question of a University has a distinct bearing on the education of our future clergy. COMMISSARIES. To my commissaries at home, Canon Scott Holland and Canon Mason, we are muoh in debted, both on account of the offers of services which they have declined ai well as for those which they have accepted; and here you will be glad to learn that the Rev. Prebendary Worl ledge, principal of Leeds Clergy School, whose zeal and attainments are well known to most churchmen, has kindly permitted me to add his name as my commissary specially for the North of England. ORDINATION. At my second (Advent) ordination F. J. Abe* and T. St. John Pughe were made deacons. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Herbert Heath. The ordination which ordinarily would have taken place on Trinity Sunday is for various reasons postponed till next month. APPOINTMENTS. The following appointments have been made since last session of the Synod:—Abe", Rev. F., assistant curate of St. Andrew's, South Brisbane; Bannister, Rev. H. M., M.A., assistant curate of St. Andrew's, South Brislane; Brownrigg, Rev. M. 8., M.A., incumbent of Gladstone; Eglinton, Rev. W., incumbent of Qoondiwindi; Leighton, Rev. J. L.j M.A., incumbent of Esk and Upper Brisbane River; Lester-Lester, Rev. G. M.,8.A., rector of Muttaburra; Molesworth, Rev. H. T., A.X.C., assistant curate of St. Andrew's, South Brisbane; Nobbs, Rev. G. F., rector of St. Andrew's, Lutwyche; Power, Rev. Mauley, 8.A., rector of Christ Church, Milton; Pughe, Rev. St. J., assistant curate of All Saints, Brisbane; Rud dock, Rev. D., locum tenens of St. Paul's, Rock harapton; Tatham, Rev. G. J., M.A., chaplain on the staff of St. John's Pro-Cathedral. I announced to the last Synod the appointment which I then made to the archdeaconry of Bris bane; the other vacant archdeaconry was not actually filled until after the Synod had risen, for though I had some time before sought to lay its responsibilities on one who was in my judgment by no means unfitted to sustain them, yet he at first shrank from the acceptance of the same. Ultimately he acceded to my wish, and at my next visit to Toowoomba it was my privilege to admit the Rev. Thomas Jones to the archdeaconry of the Darling Downs. His domain, including on the north the parishes contiguous to the railway, on the south those which lie between the railway and the border which divides Queensland from "New South Wales, extending eastward to the Liverpool Range, its west limit dying away in the dim distance behind the horizon of the Wes tern Plains. Tou will feel with me that the work for the Church which Archdeacon Jones has done in the past justifies me in laying upon him the Srivilege of bearing this further burden for bis [aster, of aiding in the organisation of missions and parishes in the West. CHURCH EXTENSION—DUNWICH AND ST. HELENA. Since September lost, when I drew attention to the lack of religious ministration at Dunwich and St. Helena, services have been carried on at regular intervals by Rev. B. R. Wilson, Rev. G. M. Lester-Lester, Rev. G. Hall, and Rev. G. F. Tatham, and appear to be much appreciated by the inmates. At the former there are some fifty communicants. EOT. Perhaps one of the most encouraging pieces of work during the year his been that at Esk. In November last I sent Mr. Leighton, who had but just arrived from England, to undertake the work at Esk, only writing a letter to the Rural Dean of Ipswich (Rev. H. Heath), with a view to its cir culation in the district, simply stating that I was sending Mr. Leighton, and would rely on the people for his due support. That confidence has been by no means misplaced. Mr. Leighton has received cordial support—a fact which is highly encouraging as suggesting a repetition of the experiment in other places. LAY READERB. The following, 1 am thankful to say have been admitted as voluntary lay readers, and hold the Bishop's license and authority for the exercise of their office, an office of no little importance to the Church of Christ in this diocese: —Forbes, Wel lesley Gordon, Aramac; Morey, Edmund, Cler mont; Potter. Ed. Philip, Beenleigh; Scott, James Hamilton, Muttaburra; Sellars, Joseph, Roaevale. PASTORAL TOURS. Since I last addressed you, besides revisiting many places referred to last year, I have made acquaintance with many parts of the diocese which I had not previously explored, comprising Jondaryan, Gomoron, Meringandan, Mitchell, DulbydUla, Morven, Charlevtlle, Augathella, Tambo, and Blackall. In two woolsheds in the West—one about fifteen miles from Tambo, and the other beyond Blackall—an opportunity was kindly afforded me of addressing a goodly number of shearers, in the former station in the evening, at the latter during their midday hour. Specialty am I indebted to managers of stations and others in the West along my line of march for the very great kindness with which they conveyed me from place to place, supplying me with ample relays of horses. On one occasion I was thus enabled to travel 210 miles along bad bush roads in three days, and by this forced march to keep a confirmation engagement, the prospect of which at one time, owing to the weather, looked almost hopeless. The floods grievously interfered with my plans for visiting the Burnett and Wide Bay districts in March last, and whatever may have been accom plished in theso ten months, yet far more which n'-cduil to have been done has been left umloue. T'y lieiii;j mure on the fpot, howevrr, I havo L;ul constant opportunities of becoming better acquainted with tho Brisbane parishes and with other places accessible from our metropolis. OONTZBIUTXOira. Twenty confirmations have been held, at which 635 candidates were confirmed—l 93 men and bora and 342 women and girls—of which the details are as follows:— ooxTxaauxiom, 1886-7. Sept. 19.—CharlevUte 10 14 34  28.—Tambo 8 8 11 Oct. I.—Blackall 8 18 20 „ B.—Mitchell 8 11 14  20.—Lutwyche, St. Andrew 10 IS 26 Deo. 6.—Sherwood, St. Matthew 14 25 89 „ 19.-Bandgate, St. Nicholas — 9 9 „ 20.—Brisbane, All Saints 14 84 88 Mar. 23.—Ipswich, including St. Paul's, North IpswiohTHarrisvflle ... 88 88 65 April 19.—Jondaryan 8 18 26 „ 20.—Qomoron 4 7 11 „ 20.—Meringandan 4 7 11 „ 21.—Toowoomba, St. Luke's 6 14 80 May 12.—Brisbane, St. Mary's 7 18 20 „ 19.-Bouth Brisbane, including St. Andrew's, Holy Trinity, St. Philip's, Christ Church, Tin galpa 80 44 74 „ 26.—Dalby 28 89 51 „ 81.—Milton, Christ Church 10 20 80 June 12.—Nerang, Southport, St. Peter's... 8 27 86 „ 29.—Toowong 6 16 22 198 842 636 All the Brisbane and suburban parishes, it will be seen, have presented to me candidates during the past year save St. John's and Holy Trinity, Fortitude Valley. As to the former, Mr. Wilson had already begun to form his classes when he was summoned by cable gram to England, and, as he was very de sirous of preparing the candidates himself, I readily acceded to his wish that the confirmation at St. John's should be allowed to stand over till his return. Had I been able to visit the Burnett and Wide Bay districts the roll of the confirmed would doubtless have been considerably increased. In the next three months I hope not only to visit these, as well as the Esk and Oaboolture districts, but to go further afield to Rockhampton, Mutta burra, andWinton. The general results in relation to population reveal the weakness of the work of the Church among the young—one or two parishes excepted. The number and character of candidates presented for confirmation is one of the most trustworthy tests of the efficiency of this most important department of pastoral work. No doubt there is hardly one of my clergy who has not devolving on him very much more than he can possibly cope with; notably is this so in some of the overgrown parishes of our metropolis. But we must by no means lose heart or lay blame on our circumstances. To discover our weak nesses is only the first stop towards remedying them. AJBW OHT7BCHEB. I have to record the opening of four churches during the last ten months, at three of which it has been my privilege to officiate at the opening services, namely, Meringandan, 11th September: St. Philip's, Thompson Estate, 18th October; and Southport, St. Peter's, 12th June. The fourth. Springsure, St. Peter's, of which I laid the first block on 6th May, 1886, was too far distant to admit of my visiting it at the time. DIOCESAN ABCHTTECT. The practical suggestions which I ventured to offer hut year in the matter of church arrange ment have appeared more and more necessary as my acquaintance with the diocese becomes more extended, and I am thankful that we have now as diocesan architect one who has made the planning of churches his special study. Certainly he has learned his work in the best possible of schools. In saying this, there is no implied reflection on the general ability of colonial architects, but all who have studied the question are aware that church architecture is a thing sui generis, and it by no means follows that because a man can build a princely mansion or a noble pile of com mercial buildings he is therefore equally skilled in the special branch of Church art. And if we look at our own city do we not find unmistakable evidence of this? While we have public buildings rising in our midst which would not disfigure Cheapside and which Lombard-street need not be ashamed to claim, point me to a church which could be regarded as parallel in Church art with these nobly rising temples of commerce. lumuoix bishop. I now approach a subject to which I would ask your most serious attention. None of the weighty matters which are before you in this address is of greater importance. I refer to the imminent need of additional episcopal force. A special committee was appointed by the council to con sider the question which had been raised by the Origination Committee and they duly presented a carefully weighed report, from which you will gather that our diocese is by far the largest of what I may term the settled dio ceses in Australia. I exclude, of course, the vast unsettled Diocese of Perth, with its well nigh 1,000,000 of square miles and its but 30,000 in* habitants. Square miles. Inhabitants. Ballarat 20,000 ... 800,000 Tasmania 27,000 ... 121,000 Goulburn 40,000 ... 96,000 Melbourne* 46,000 ... 660,000 Newcastle 70,000 ... 100,000 Sydney 100,000 ... 860,000 Bathurst 120,000 ... 100,000 Graf ton and Armidale 140,000 ... 63,000 North Queensland ... 266,000 ... 60,000 Adelaide* 800,600 ... 299,000 Brisbane 413,000 ... 262,000 If, then, with these we compare the Diocese of Brisbane, and remember, as ox the essence of the matter, the larger area over which its population (larger than that of most dioceses) is spread, we shall see at once the force and meaning of these figures. Now in reference to the question before us two things are clear — 1 That the growing importance and need of organisation suggest that the Bishop should spend the greater part of the year in or within reach of the metropolis. 2\. That the rapidly- spreading population make it desirable that an increasing proportion of the year—the greater part—should De spent in pas toral visitation in the distant bush. If the former duty be adequately discharged, the latter must go largely neglected; if the hitter be at all adequately performed, the administration at once becomes weak, and the work falters. It follows then that unless some stop to increase episcopal supervision of a dis tinctly practical sort be taken, the work of the Church must suffer, as indeed it has long suffered and suffered grievously. And here I take it for granted I need not pause, I need not in an assembly of churchmen stay to show that from the earliest apostolic times to the present day, the order of the threefold ministry haß been, to quote the learned occupant of the English Palatine See, '' the historic backbone" of the English Church. Nor in so representative an assembly as this need I here insist upon the • About to be subdivided. \+ Including (he North, of which the Bishop has only temporary charge, truth that the strength of any given body, politicalorreligious, oonsista in being true to itsown idea. We see the truth of it—it lives and moves before us as a lesson and a warning—in the history of the American Church. Not till the Church of the mother-country had extended the episcopate to her colonial dependencies did the languishing colonial Church begin to lengthen her cords and strengthen her stakes. The lesson will come before us in its vividness when on 12th August we unite with our brethren throughout the world in keeping the centenary of the colonial episco pate, the consecration of Bishop Inglis to the See of Nova Scotia, 12th August, 1787. While we by no means sit in judgment on other and later religious bodies, or the methods which to them it appears right to pursue, while we echo the apostolic benediction, "Grace be with all those who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity," yet our strength is to be true to our own trust com mitted to us by the great Master, and it is no marvel to the true son of the Church that the net when cast in accordance with what we believe to be that Master's will for us should then, and then only, include a great multitude of fishes. We see at home the impetus which has been given to Church work as the episcopate has been extended. The new Sees of Manchester, St. Albans, South well, Newcastles, and Truro, these are so many living witnesses of this truth. Assuming, then, that we are agreed upon the impor tance of this lesson trom history, and that some step must be taken, the question faces us—Are any steps practicable? Can we do nothing but gaze helplessly and aimlessly at the magnitude of the hill before us, or shall we gird ourselves for effort, and with well denned purpose and well considered methods set out steadily and at once try to climb its steep ascent ? Doubtless, the most desirable step (and one which must sooner or later be taken) would be the formation of a new diocese: and if Queensland had its Hon. John Campbell (founder of See of Biverina), there would be no great delay in the accomplish ment of the work. And here one word as to the political aspect of this question—for exception has been gently taken, I believe, to the division of this see on political grounds, as tending to the splitting up of the colony. But would this be the effect—would it not tend in the exactly opposite direction? No doubt it is true that any action on thapart of so numerous a body as is the Church of Eng land in this colony—-42 per cent of the whole colony—would affect in no small degree the senti ments of the body politic, of which it forma so important a part. But I submit to you that the result would be exactly the opposite of what is apprehended. For what would be the immediate consequences ? Queensland, instead of consisting of two isolated dioceses, as at present, would at once become a province with all those powers of internal govern ment which belong to a province. The three dioceses would be brought into relation with each other, Brisbane being the metropolitan see. So far, then, as ecclesiastical action could be considered to affect political movements, the creation of the third see would tend to unification and solidarity, not to severance and disinte gration. As to areas, the Northern see contains 256,406 square miles; the Central would contain 223,340 square miles; leaving Brisbane 189,760 square miles. True, this latter would become small by com parison, but as it would be just half as large again as the whole United Kingdom it could not be considered ridiculously small. For the figures I am indebted to the kindness of the Registrar- General. But, though for myself I should have little hesitation in regarding the matter as within the range of practical politics, I should be met, I am well aware, with the not altogether unreasonable reply, "We have not yet com pleted the endowment of the See of Brisbane, and shallwe start another?" lam willing, then, for immediate purposes to admit the force of the ob jection. If you press me for a distinct reply, I should answer you. " There is that scattereth, and yet increaseth ;»♦ " There is that withholdeth, but it tendeth to poverty;" I should quote to you the words of the greatest American preacher of our communion, which speaks of "the unrea sonableness and impatience which engage our admiration and our love, because they strike the note of a deeper and diviner reason, of which the prudent people seldom come insight." And cer tainly the experience of the last quarter of a century of work at home has not had for its effect in those who have witnessed it to make them regard a monotonously plaintive non possumus as an exhaustive account of human possibilities; but rather to demonstrate for them the reasonableness of a hopeful and vigorous faith. But accepting for immediate practical pur poses that view of the matter which says that the present is an inopportune time for stirring the question of the larger and more permanent measure, is there nothing we can do but to bewail an inefficiency which we persuade ourselves we are powerless to amend? Surely not, for there are always two courses in life— the best and the best possible; and while we keep in view the former, to be practical we try and compass the latter. Now if you ask me at this moment which I should deem the more effec tive agency for the spread of religion in the re moter parts of this vast diocese—whether four clergy or one missionary suffragan Bishop—l answer you unhesitatingly and with emphasis, "Give me the energetic suffragan Bishop, be cause, through the work of a Bishop with mis sionary ardour, I shall very soon get, besides himself, many more than four clergy. ' If, therefore, I had at my disposal at this moment £700 or £800 a year I would so employ it as to give the diocese by its means an assistant Bishop and some half a dozen clergy besides. Thus it would, so to speak, quickly double and treble itself. Now, I have no such fund at my disposal, but it seems probable, in consequence of certain legal action, which, in my place as chief pastor of the diocese and custodian of its interests, and in that capacity as residuary legatee, I was advised to take, that a sum of not less than £700 to £1000 a year will be at the disposal of the trustees under the will of the late Mrs. Peattie. The object of the bequest, briefly stated, is to promote the mission of the Church in the remoter parts of the diocese of Brisbane. The disposal of this money, both as to its apportionment and as regards amounts and method, is absolutely at the dis cretion of the trustees, and subject only to this, that the grantees are to be in Holy Orders of the Church of England, and holding the license of the Bishop of the diocese, and that the scene of their labour is to be the remoter parts of the diocese. There can be no manner of doubt, therefore, that it is absolutely within the discretion of the trus tees to employ an adequate portion of the fund for the support of a missionary Bishop in the remoter parts of the diocese of Brisbane, the only point which the trustees would have to consider would be whether they would rather be guided by tho Bishop's judgment of what he, from his present knowledge of the diocese as the result of his ob servation and experience deemed best, or whether they would prefer to strike out some path ef then own. The Diocesan Council have, as you have seen, come to the conclusion announced in their report. Further than this it would have been scarcely respectful for them to go, having due re gard to the position of the trustees. Speaking under the full sense of that responsi bility which belongs to my office. I will only place on record my distinct conviction that such a method of application as I have foreshadowed would be giving the fullest effect to the desires of the testatrix, having regard to the fact that the spread of religion is the real object of the bequests; that no other conceivable expen diture of the money would at *>"■ moment be productive of anything like the same aid to religion and to the work of the Church in this diocese: nay it would do more than any thing else to further the founding of a new Bishopric. H I were able to persuade the trustees to accompany me in my coming pastoral tour to Winton no further argu ment would be needed. In order to retain their legitimate control their grant might be made triennially. With every respect I com mend these thoughts both to the Synod and to the trustees under the will "of the late Mrs. Peattie, who have in their hands an opportunity of doing a work of the greatest im portance if, with the true spirit of comprehensive statesmanship, they rise to the greatness of the occasion. CATBBD&LL; SOHEXB. As regards the Cathedral scheme, I need not add much in support of what I said hut year. If I may repeat words which I have recently spoken elsewhere on the true idea of cathedral dignity :—Dignity is worthiness; worthiness ti fulfil the duties inherent in a position. >' If sV be the privilege of a Bishop to be the Servus m-vrwn, then his Cathedral Church must, in relation to the diocese and its needs, in some sort give expression to the true principle of Christian dignity and priority, " / am among you as he that servtth,'" for it is, I trust, no dream of visionary enthusiasm to picture the Cathedral Church of St. Jok«, ere long, through the liberality of churchmen, with its increasing staff of clergy, rising more *ndT more to this its true dignity, and felt moes aadt more to be the energetic spiritual centre or] diocesan life and work. It is difficult to over-" state the value of such a centre, particularly ra' such a country suchasours, where the Church A|ta great opportunity before it in aiding in the de velopment of social life. All would be the gaJnet? by a realisation of this idea. A huge catholicity of sentiment would take the place of a self-centred Parochialism; and the widermspirationwhich comes from the recognition and realisation of our part in the larger body, would be more than a requital for any small sacrifice of our own. I cannot refrain from quoting, asa testimony to the value of aCathe dral centre, the words of a venerable octogenarian Bishop, the Primate of New Zealand—words which are doubly valuable as coming from one of well-known comprehensiveness of mind, and as being the matured result of upwards of thirtyyears' experience in the colonial episcopate. "I con gratulate you moat heartily,'' he says, under date 29th March, 1887. " on the prospect of your hav ing the Cathedral, which seems, if I may judge from what I have read in the Brisbane Courier, likely to be speedily realised. I have found the value of one in my own case, and am more than ever convinced that it is nssnntisl to the work of every diocese, and the full development of the energies of the Church and of the Bishop's offioe in it. It appeals very strongly (perhaps more strongly in the colonies than in England) to the latent feelings of churchmanship which more or less prevail in all our members who have known anything of her teaching, and brings out by some thug visible and- tangible the interest which each individual hasinhergrowthand spiritual welfare." For the rest I need say but little, as the Yen. Archdeacon of Brisbane has, at the request of the Council, printed and circulated an able and in teresting paper, setting forth in felicitous terms the object to be attained in the erection of a cathedral, and the motives and considerations which should influence us. It may,'l hope, appear as an appendix to our proceedings. 1 will only ■ask that every churchman who has not seen that paper would ask for a copy, and then if he feels that he ought to do something for the Cathedral of his Church and diooeae, not to wait to be applied to, but to forward at once his contribu tion, be it large or small. We earnestly desire that every individual churchman should contribute something, so that the cathedral may be the gift of the whole Church. One very valuable suggestion has been made to me. The Hon. W. H. Wilson, besides giving £100 towards the Cathedral, has also promised us a piece of land, both in trinsically as a gift ana as a suggestion to others to do the same. Many, he thinks, there are who are greatly interested in the scheme who are not at this moment in a position to give money, but would willingly give pieces of land if gifts for a Cathedral Land Funa were invited. I gladly adopt his suggestion, and beg to declare the readiness of the corporation of the Synod to receive gifts of land earmarked as gifts for the Cathedral. TKZTUBB OF CHTTBCH FBOPEBTT. There is one question of Church polity—the tenure of Church property—to which I would ask the very serious attention of the whole Church, lor with this matter, perhaps more than with any other, are bound up the effective administration and solidarity of the Church in this diocese. It is indeed but a part of a very large question. The essence of good government we all know is the combination of, centralisation and local activity. The most effective government is that which, while clear and strong in the principles of its cen tral administration, stimulates to the utmost—by decentralisation in detail—local self-reliance and local interest, thus availing itself of the manifold gifts of the greatest number of the body politic. The ideal of Church government from which, indeed, constitutional government has been derived, is the union of the whole under one central authority, and yet "every member" of the Church "in his vocation ana ministry" realising his full share of responsibility, and taking his full measure of active interest. That there are 'dangers which beset centralisation no one doubts; the danger, lest under its shadow local interest and possibility should lie dormant and undeve loped ; but dangers also there are which beset what I may call a centrifugal policy. We have to aim at keeping the circumference in fell relation with the centre, the centre in concert with its extremest verge. A part, a very important part, of this great question is the tenure of the property of the Church; nor can this properly be regarded as an unconsidered question. Happily, those who have gone before us have left us a constitution which bears more than one trace of a wise forethought. Like that of all the best organised Australian sees, our constitution recog nises and provides for the rights and authority of the Synod, which is the Church of England by re presentation, over all property belonging to the Church of England in this diooeae, permitting only those to hold offioe as trustees (where such for the moment exist) who have signified under their hand their allegianoe to the decrees of the Synod. They hold property only on behalf of the Synod. What is needed is that loyal allegianoe i should be rendered by every parish to thfi oon« stitational principle. Things will never be on a satisfactory footing till all Church of England property is in the hands of the Church of England corporation. And here let me pause to clear away a remarkable misconception which I have met with: By the use ef the words 'Churchproperty,' or ' Church of England property,' is not meant property of which the revenue is to be applied to general diocesan purposes; the uses of such pro perty, and the appropriation of revenues denved from it, must depend upon the terms of the trust defining its objects or—where the terms are general—upon the presumed objects, for, e.g., in the case of a Crown grant or a gift of land from private donors, if there be no evidence of a con trary nature forthcoming, it must be held to be presumably intended primarily for Church pur poses in the locality in which it is situate. In order to set doubts on this point at rest, a clause will be submitted to you. the principle of which you will be invited to affirm by resolution. For the drafting of this clause I am myself respon sible, though before submitting it to the council I had the advantage of subjecting it to the scrutiny of a high legal authority. My endeavour was at once to affirm and set forth the fullest recogni tion of the principle of local claims, while not ignoring the important principle of ey pres in view of possible' contingencies in the distant future. With this definition and expansion of the principles of our existing constitution. I trust that the various parishes in the diocese will feel no difficulty in conveying, if they have not already conveyed, aw Church property in their hands to the Church of England Corporation. The idea of our constitution is as we have seen that all Church property is vested in corporation of the Synod. The reasons which combine to make inch action on oar part desirable are such as can only be slated hike with extreme brevity. 1\. It fethe only real security which you have for thejaroperty being in perpetuity the property «of the On«rch of England. Under the Real Property Acts in this country land es*ms)t be so ear-marked as to prevent its transfer—ftat is to say, the registered proprietors, for such trustees are, can make out a perfectly good title fox transference of the property trust deads ssotwithatanding. Of this I nave too many evidences before me. We have just purchased a site in the West, because the site purchased a few years since for the Church of England not being conveyed to Synod quickly got into other hands, and was lost to the Church. Along the Central line churches were pointed out to me which were built by Church of England money, and put into the hands of trustees, which is much the same thing as saying that the Church of England for, I think, 300 miles of railway has no longer a single church. Trustees have gone, and it has been no one's business to see* to the property. In other cases the property has been in the hands of one surviving trustee. There is no calculating what the Church has lost by this carelessness in the tenure of its pro perty. The reasoning of those who wish to retain property in their hands is purely Congrega tionalist. They do notseewhy they should part with it—quite unaware, apparently, that their attitude is making unification impossible and affirming a principle which, while it is destructive of solidarity, has been, and if persisted in will be, the cause of much loss to the Church. The idea that if a parish loses the property of the Church its loss is only the affair of the parish itself, because its parishioners are the immediate beneficiaries is a delusive argument. The whole diocese is in terested in every part of it. The weakness of one part is felt by the whole. If one member suffer all thememberssufferwitb.it. I have thankfully noted various utterances of some of our leading laity, alarming in no flattering tones the principle that they are members of the Church first and of the parish or congregation afterwards—that the Diocese, not the parish or congregation, is the unit of the Church's system. The principle of meroparoohialism makes for the disintegration of of the diocese, and the church man who strives to maintain it is helping to sow the seeds of grave Church difficulties in the future. But while I earnestly commend these principles to your consideration let me honestly recognise a difficulty which has been under the consideration of my chancellor. I refer to cases in which promoters of the building of a church or parsonage may fairly desire to raise the balance of its funds by mortgaging the property. I lay stress on the word fairly oecause I greatly regret the tendency in some quarters to rush into mortgages and work on borrowed money instead of opening the purse strings and contributing of their own. This I desire to deprecate very de cidedly. It is one of the most unhealthy signs of our day in this diocese—and greatly fetters Churcn work by overweighting income. While, however, I would do all in my power to discourage borrowing and to encourage giving, let me at once admit that there are cases where the borrowing of a balance would appear to me perfectly fair. I take the case of St. Phillip's, Thompson Estate. There £300 was raised for the purchase of a site. A similar sum was collected towards the building, and the property mortgaged for the remainder. Having regard to the neighbourhood and its possibilities this was legitimate enough. Honest effort had been made, andpresentcapabilitiea were somewhat exhausted. In order to effect a mortgage this property was put into private hands. It will be conveyed to the Corporation of Synod as soon as it is free. For according to our present trustdeed the Corporation of the Synod has not power to mortgage. In the past, as we are advised, we have acted illegally in conyeyingpropertyto persons for purposes of mort gaging. clearly is an evasion of our re sponsibilities, for it must be obvious to all that we cannot delegate to others powers which we do not ourselves possess, nor can we with rectitude look the other way while others are doing with our property what we had no right to do ourselves. The question thereupon arises, should the transfers to the Synod be made in such terms as te give power to the Corporation under instruction from the synod or council to allow property con veyed to it by the living generation, and at the request of grantors of the property to be held as collateral security for an advance ? If that be answered in the affirmative, then I maintain that a sum representing interett and annual contribution to a sinking fund should be guaranteed by responsible persons and (as far as may or can be) be made a first charge on the revenues of the church in question. Of course the legal difficulty of giving permanent effect to this latter condition does not escape me, bat the whole matter is very practical and must be taken into account if the principle herein advocated be universally adopted. A property-book ought to provided and kept Bhowing on the one side of the page the plan of property and its abutments, while on the other side there should be a »?** ,bH* sufficient account of the source from whiou - came, and the purposes for which it is held. Closely allied to this is the pressing question of a more effective organisation of our exeoutive de partment. Compare, for instance, the ft"nnnl record of the diocese of Melbourne with our own. I do not for a moment for get that, having regard to economy, ift v easier to administer on a larger scale than on a smaller—but Melbourne must have had a beginning, and there must have been a time when that diocese placed its executive on its pre sent working lines; and if we do not get upon the right lines now we shall only drift into greater confusion when the work of the diocese inoreases, as it must, year by year. The time has gone by for temporising measures. We cannot afford the losses they bring. We must rise to a truer states manship. FDMWOK. In my address last year I made do reference to the general financial position of the diooese. I urged upon you indeea the imperative necessity of providing funds for the extension of the work of the Church, and for founding the Cathedral; but this was all new aggressive work, and did not touch existing fiscal arrangements. I knew from my predecessor before leaving England that there was no fund applicable for either purpose, so the creation of the Bishop of Brisbane's fund (for Mission Clergy and Church Extension) and the Cathedral Fund were obviously the first thing to be done; and done it was accordingly. But as to the general finance of the diocese, and in view of the fact that a great part of the financial year had run out before the charge of the diocese was committed to me, I felt that the treasurer was the natural chancellor of the exchequer, and would bring forward bis own budget. As this, however, was done chiefly at a meeting of a committee specially appointed for the purpose, the Church public at large were not in possession of the facts; and no such budget appears on the face of the proceedings of last Synod. Such being the case, since the new treasurer has but just entered upon his work, and as the matter of one of considerable impor tance to the well-being of the diocese, it is well that I should briefly summarise the facts, which churchmen have 'to consider. In the financial year referred to (1885-6) the general contributions to all diocesan purposes and the various funds were only £397 lOs. 6d. (including £38 3s. given to the Bishop of Brisbane's fund), and all offertory collections for such purposes amounted to £245 17s. 4d. (in cluding £179 16s. 3d. for the Bishop of Brisbane's fund), making a total of £643 7s. 10d.; or, if you exclude the Cathedral Fund and the Bishop of Brisbane's fund, whioh were new, the total con tributed to the diocene, including effertories, was £413. The total contribution to executive ex penses this year was £62 Bs. 6d., while the cost of the office was at least five times that sum. I exclude, of course, from the category the pay ments by the clergy to the Superannuation Fund, such payments being of the nature of an insurance rather than as a contribution to the diocesan funds. No doubt the voidance of the see and the interval between the two adminis trations, added to the effects of the four years' drought, may be held in a measure to account for any temporary subsidence on the part of the fund; but only in a measure, for I find that in reference to the two preceding years scarce any better record is given—£6ss 3s. 6d. and £658 Is. 6d. being the totals of each year respectively. It must be that churchmen at large have never been made to realise the true condition of things, for I will not believe for one moment that the churchmen in Queensland are so utterly indifferent to their duties as as unheed ing consciousness of these facts would necessarily imply. Nor need we undertake anyinvestigation into this aspect of the question. We have now only to deal with the existing state of things, and the deficit which necessarily accrued from such lack of support. A printed table showing the subscriptions during the life of the last Synod, with the statements for the first years of this, will be laid before you, and the treasurer will submit to you a budget. It would be ungracious of me were I to suppress aU mention of the fact that there is for the year just entered (30th June) a perceptible improvement. The total of contributions and offertories reached the figure of £1329 2s. 6d., as compared with £643 7s. lOd. last year; and even if we eliminate £276 12s. lOd. paid to the Cathedral Fund which helps to swell this year's statement, we find, not withstanding £1052 as against £621, or an increase of nearly 70 per cent. It is fair also to take into account the fact that additional stipends to the extent of well nigh £4000 are now being paid by the laity in various parts of the diooese for the eighteen additional clergy who have been added since last November twelvemonth, if we would do justice to the efforts of the laity. And here I cannot help calling your attention to a truth which men are slow to learn, but which the logic of facts ever conclusively shows— namely, that boldly to face the work that ought to be done, such as the erection of a cathedral, does not hinder but help on other work. Tou will note that it is in the year in which we set to work upon our Cathedral Fund that our other funds increased proportionately. Although, therefore, the sum total, when viewed in relation to the needs, is sadly far behind either what is required or what ought to be given, vet the increase is one which may be regarded as the herald of a better state of things for which we may thank God nnd take courage. Let me call your special attention to the paper which is in circulation setting forth the various diocesan funds and the special purpose of each. Let me only add that every churchman in the diocese should feel it his duty and his privilege loyally to contribute to one or more of these funds in addition to supporting Church work in his own parish; otherwise he does nothing to help on the general work of the Church in the diocese. The present year's subscription list is the largest we have had for some time. It contains, I De lieve, 101 names. We have 92,000 churchmen in this diooese. BEBIO2TATION 07 MB. W. 1. O. DREW. There is one change which must not be allowed to pass unnoticed in this address—l mean the resignation by Mr. Drew of the office of treasurer. He had already resigned the office before I came; he kindly consented to resume it, as he himself said in the Synod of 1885, in order to help the Bishop; and I can assure him that the Bishop was, and is, fully alive to the kind considerateness of his action. Like others of us he feels that he does not get younger as the years roll on. He sympathises with the poet, particularly in the later clause— " Malta ferunt anni wnientes commoda steam, Malta noedentes adimont." And he deems it well to husband his resources of energy for the discharge of his public duties, which nave the first claim upon his powers. We can but accept so matured a decision, while we reserve to ourselves the privilege of regretting it, and the right to give expression, howeyerinade- anato, to our sense of the debt of gratitude which the Church in this diocese owes to him. And this ajht is greater that at first sight appears. What he has uO.ne would of itself constitute no light obligation— hilt there is a greater far behind rt— andthat is the spirit in which he has done it, the influence of which doe* not expire with the term of office. He never did his work by halve*—• there was a thoro'JShness in the doing of it. He slaved at his work, and in that respect he bequeath* to us **"». \\*&% °* an example which we all neeV?,« which will not easily die away, and which, like all'uiL.'elfißh labour, is fruitful and productive, inspiring «?ther lives and leaving " footprints on the sands of Time. May the example of that spirit of oelf- deyoeng thoroughness go with us in all our work in tht> yean that are to come. OOTTWOHi. But this address must not be allowed to close without the discharge on ourpart of another obliga tion. Among the many difficulties and drawback* which are necessarily attendant upon the ad' ministration of a scarcely yet organised diocese, I have at all events one cause of sincere thankful ness in the help which my council have rendered me by their hearty co-operation and valuable advice. I cannot exaggerate the moral strength which I feel it to be to a Bishop to have around him a band of true-hearted clear-headed business men, earnestly bent on promoting the work of the Church of Christ. That I make heavy demands on their land counsel I am well aware, but in view of the results I cannot bring myself to express regret or penitence for such excessive re course to their advice and labours. The amount and character of the service which they have rendered, and the work which they have both accomplished and cut out, sufficiently attest the? happiness of your choice hut year. My thank* are due to you for such colleagues. May your choice during this session be as happy and as helpful in its result. As you will have noticed, I have availed myself somewhat sparingly of the right which last Synod gave the Bishop of nominating a certain portion of the council, subject to the approval of the elected members. The council testified in the most practical manner their apprecia tion of one of my nominees by securing him with glad unanimity as the new treasurer of Synod, and I am thankful to have been instrumental in introducing to the council so valuable a colleague* And here let me say in reference t my first nominee, Hon. J. B. Dickson, that the value of his services must by no means be estimated by his attendance at council. Naturally enough in his recent position of Acting Chief of H.M. Govern ment in this colony he was seldom able to be present at our frequent meetings, but his valuable counsel was ever at my service, and again and again I have resorted to him for such advice as his position and knowledge of affairs eminently fitted him to give—advice which was always giv3H with the utmost willingness. ooNoxußunr. Brethren,—l have detained yon too long, and I thankyou for your attention. Anall-importantera is this in the history of our diocese. The whole Church is here by representatives to consider how it can best improve its organisation and remove all obstacles to its life, its progress, its unity, that it may the better fulfil its essential and char&cteristk; duty of exhibiting on earth a divine order. The work is great and requires the concentration of all our powers in a greater and more united effort than we have yet made. lam the more earnestly anxious to see this in a fair way of accomplishment. It would certainly be a cause of much thankfulness to me if during my tenure of this responsible poet the diocese could so have been brought into working order, that when the pastoral staff of the diocese passed: into younger and abler hands each successor might find something like organisation and order, which is a necessary condition of effective work. While then I heartily thank both clergy and laity for the cordial support which they have given to their Bishop, and while I hail {he im* provements which I have noted as a whisper and an earnest of better things to come, yet the state of our Church in its main features is far too nearly the antitype of the scene in Ezekiel's vision. The valley was full of bones, and lo! they were very dry. Be it ours, then, to see repeated the sequel of that story; to lift up over the dry bones the living voice of prophecy. Let the hearts of earnest men —to whom that article of the faith is a live one—l believe in the Holy Ghost, life giver; let such, with all the might of an availing intercession, with all its inspiring and impelling force, send up unitedly that prophetic prayer, " Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain that they may live." Already there is a noise and a " shaking" among the dry bones. Tou have but to persevere un tiringly through evil report and good report. The increase will not be withheld. The breath of a new life will come into them. They will live and stand upon their feet an exceeding great army. Mr. Justice Habdhto briefly moved the adoption of the address, and asked that it be printed. The Hon. J. R. Dioxsov, in seconding the motion, said the thanks of the Synod were due to the Bishop for his able and interesting address, which would be interesting to every Churchman throughout Australia. It would be received with satisfaction as a very able exposition and precis of the work of the Church in this diocese during the time it had been under Dr. Webber's able administration. He trusted the address would be printed and circu lated. The motion was unanimously agreed to. Archdeacon Jones, Rev. James Matthews, Hon. G. King, and Mr. W. L. G. Drew were appointed a committee of elections and qualifi cations. Several notices of motion were given for the following day. It was agreed to consider the petition the following day. The report of the Diocesan Council was presented, and its consideration was made an order of the day for to-day. The Rev. E. C. Osbobke, who has recently returned from a visit to England, said the members of the Synod would no doubt be pleased to know that just before he left home it was his privilege to pay a visit to Bishop Hale, whose health had very much improved since he left the diocese. When Bishop Hale went home he had a serious illness, which for some months kept him to his house. When he visited him at Clifton, however, he was very much better. Bishop Hale still took a lively interest in the Church work of tho Brisbane dioceße, and he inquired particularly of all that had been done here since he left. He also asked individually after all the leading eynodsmen of tho diocese and asked to be re- numbered kindly to all those wfthwfcbmhehad bam brought into oontaot here. B.|shop Webber said he was sure the Synod was very muoh obliged to Mr. Osborne for con veying to them the remembranoe of their former Bishop. None of them need be afraid bat that Bishop Hale would retain an affection for his old diocese. The Bishop then pronounced the benediction, and the sitting terinimated. 