Archbishop Carr. ADDBESS TO ABCHBISHOP CARR.—Wc have been shown an addreas, presented by the laity of South Australia, to His Grace Archbishop Carr of Melbourne. It has been beautifully illuminated by the Dominican Sisters of North Adelaide. On the left hand comer is a faithful sketch in watercolour of St Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, and the style of the border illumination ia that of the thirteenth century, and most artistically exe&uted.; The address h engraved on vellum, and is handsomely bound in morroco gilt, and bears the well-known Ceai mil faille:— "To the Most Reverend Thomas Carr. D.D., Archbishop of Melbourne, Metropolitan of the Province — May it please your Grace, we the Catholic laity of the Diocese of Adelaide desire to approach your Grace on tais your first advent to the shores of Australia to offer you our tribute of welcome, respest, and love. We welcome you asanotherlearaed, eloquent, and distinguished son of Ireland, who for many years filled the office of Theological Professor and President of the Alma Mater of ?the Irish Church. Answering the sacred call of duty, you can come to this sunny land of ours to direct and govern the important and metropolitan See of Melbourne and promote by your learr ingand piety theglory of our Holy Church in Australia. We desire also to testify to your Grace our profound respect for the exalted office which it has pleased the Providence of God to confer on yoa, and we beg you to rcceive this address a3 an earnest of our attachment to the Holy See, whose chosen prelate you are, and of our nndying love to our holy faith. The extensive and important archdiocese commit ted your care will tender to your Grace the deep warmth and richness of its filial welcome, but no welcome is more heartfelt, or pnyers more sincere, than those we on behalf o. onr fellow- Catholics of this diocese offer you and for you this day. We earnestly pray that you may be spared for many years, that with the blessing of Divine Providence you may be enabled to devote your talents and energy for the advancement and welfare of the Church, nol only in your own archdiocese, but throughout the province of Australia. Signed on behalf of the Catholic Diocese of South Australia." THE CELEBRATION OF THE QUEEN* S JUEILEE —We are informed tli3t the members of the German Club intend to celebrate the Queen's Jubilee on May 24. They will hold a grand concert, a suitable tableau vivant, followed by an address in honour of the day, and a ball will conclude the entertainment. A meeting of Jewish colonists was held in the Synagogue Chambers on Sunday, May 8, for the purpose of considering the best means to De adopted in order to mark their loyalty, and to congratulate Her Majesty the Queen on the attainment of the fiftieth year of her reign. It was unanimously decided to present a hardsome and appropriate address to Her MajeEty, to be forwarded through His Excellency the Governor, for which sufficient funds were immediately subscribed in the room. A committee was appointed to carry out the above arrangements. Onr Strathalbyn correspondent wires that a public meeting was held in the Institute Hall on Saturday night, the Mayor (Mr. R. Cai rut hers) oresidin?, to consider what step; should be taEeu to commemoi&te; tbe Queen's Jubilee. There was only a moderate attendance, and after discussion the meeting was adjourned till Friday nex It is proposed to have a children's demonstration during the jubilee week, all children ia the district to be invited to take part in it. It is also proposed to erect a footbridge over the river near the school, to be ca"ed the Jubilee Bridge. THE SAVINGS BASK.—The monthly report for April gives.the folioresults:—Number of new depositors at Adelaide 314, and 21 accounts reopened=335; new depositors at 107 agencies 235, and 14 accounts reopened= 249; making a total of 581. Number of accounts closed at Adelaide 224, and at 107 agrncics 102, making a total of 326. This leaves a net increase of depositors of 258. The total number of depositors is 56,575. The receipts from depositors at Adelaide were £46,513 14s. 5d., and at 107 agencies £17,288 LLTI. 9d., making a total of receipts of £63,832 6s. 2d. The repayments to depositors at Adelaide were £52,689 2A. 7d., and at 107 agencies £17,373 0s. 6d., the total being £70,062 3s. Id. The set decrease of deposits is therefore £6,229 16S. lid. CUBBIEBS* STBIKE.—A difficulty has occurred between the Hindmareli Branch of the Curriers' Association ard Messrs. J. Reid and Sons, tanners. Some time back an effort was made to bring about a uniform rate of WPGES in the various shops in the district, and after a number cf meetings a schedule was made out ?nd submitted to the employers for their consideration. The majority of the firms accepted the tariff. Messrs. Reid, however, took no notice of it, and still paid the old rate, which is 12 J. per week less thau that demanded. The Society have tried to effect an alteration, so as to avoid either a strike or lockout, and anticipating some difficulty they wrote to the Melbourne Curriers' Association, explaining the whole circumstances, ard asking them to undertake that none of the Melbourne men should engage for any Adelaide firm until the dispute was finally settled, which was agreed to. in consequence of tne dissatisfaction of the firms who were paying the higher rates of wages through having to compete against those who were paying less, the Carriers' Society determined to give notice to Messrs. J. Reid & Sons that unless they paid the standard prices the men would not be allowed to work after Saturday, May 7. This notice was given on Monday, May 2. The five curriers employed by the firm are members of the Society, On Thursday last it bccame known that one of their number had agreed to termB other than those demanded by the Association. The other four men instantly refused to work with him, thus precipitating affairs and straining the relations between employers and employed. The Society mahtain they have (,ood cause for the action taken, They will pay those men on strike £2 per week for married ard 303. for single men, and every currier in work has signed a written gaarantee to pay 10a. Der week each man to the St.Ike Fund. We are informed that Messrs. Reid & Sons engaged three or four men to fill the places of those on strike, but that on being made aware of the circumstances of the case the men declined to work. THE YASYAEBIE GHOST EXPOSED.—A Garrieton correspondent writes to the Port Avgusta Despatch under date May 4:—" Last night Mounted-coDBtable Shegog visited the haunted house in occupation of Mr. C. Hamdorf, near Yanyarrie. Shortly after his arrival there Mounted-constable Thoma3 with Mr. Baker, of Hammond, happened to drop in also for the purpose of investigating the mystery. After some sensational anecdotes about his ghostship the light was put out, and within a few minutes a rapping wai heard on the slate floor. The visitors were infoimed by Mr. Hamdorf and friends that if a light was stiuck or they went too close to certain little girl the noise would cea3e. Mounted-constable Shegog went to the spot where the rapping was heard, stooped down, and putting his hand out felt a foot tapping on the floor. The noise immediately ceased, and recommenced on a little box upon which the girl before mentioned was seated. Mounted-constable Shegog then went to the box and took hold of the little girl's hands, and the knocking stopped again. Mr. Hamdorf remarked that the spirit wanted a rest, and a liqht was struck. After a little conversation the room was again darkened; Mounted-constable Shegog then crouched down in a dark corner of the room opposite the wiudow, before which was a white blind, and it being a blight moonlight night, he could easily distinguish any object between him and it. He saw a boy who lives with the Hamdorfs move his hands about, as if puliing a string, and, as he expected, the rapping at once commenced and kept time with the motions of the boy's h?ia. Mounted-constable Thomas then asced some questions, but ieceived no answer, though the rapping continued steadily. Mountedconstable Shegog got up to go towards the boy, when the rapping ceased, and the boy rroved nearer the chimney. The visitors tjien went outside, and after a short consultation the rapping recommenced, and Mountcdeonstablc Shegog on goto? inside was requested not to go near the box upon which the little (,'cl was sitting, as the spirit was rapping loud on the bottom of the box and he m' ;ht disturb it; bat he crept quietly up, and put his hand between the bo^ and the girl's heel, the result being several kicks on the hand ; the knocking then commenced on the top of tbe box, and on putting his hand where the sound was he received three rapa from the girl's knuckles. The knocking then ceased, and did not commence again until Mounted - constable Shegoe was heard to speak in the middle of the room. Mr. Him dort asked if the spirit was getting tired, and was answered in the affirmative by three faint knocks. The visitors then left, pretending to think it was a great mystery, out satisfied that it was a great fraud." THE ADELAIDE UNITED CRICKET CLUE — The annual social of the Ade'iide United Cricket Club was held at the Rob Ray Hotel on Friday evening, May 6, Mr. H. W. Pounsett presiding. After a capital spread an enjoyable evening was spent, enlivened with songs and recitations given by members of the company. 