nHow a Man Whlo lhadn 'heated Him Came 'Back Aftcr.Deatit to Apologize. Snlontmown, Pa., News.' " I never go much on ghost stories," began Contractor Van Dyke at the Ciinthu House the other evenlug. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests df thohotel. "Well, I don't know," the old contrnector replied. " My experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. ii don't sup pose you will believe me, but the story I will toll you is true. I can produce a living wit nes to it, and I will at any time make aft. davit to its accuracy. Two years ago i was building a piece of railroad down In the cost ern part of this State. Among the people Swho furnished me ties was anold trader in whom 1 had little or no confidence. As the I bills for the ties came in ,I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man. I Iknew tothe tie the number used, After my contract was completed the' old trader sued me for the price of fifty ties. The case was tried, and I was compelled to pay the money. The old man had sworn to his bill, and little or no defenco: could be made. When I paid the money I warned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappyending. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as I can see you now he was there in life. He Swakened me bycallingmyname. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few' feet from me. I called him and told him of the "visitor's presence, He said he could not see him and laughed at me. He told mu I was I dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader called me by name. He said he had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the I money. Thu visionthenvanished. Mypartner talked with me of the matter before w went to sleep again. The next morning he told the story on mu as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He had died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satislied his visit to me was the lastone. That story is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. I Father (irascibly)--" Who's got my hoot jack " Cora (smiling archly-" The eat." -Puck. 1 The Inner Man.--Some fltseies in I regard to diet:1. That there is any nutri. a ment in beef-tea made from extracts. There 0 is none whatever. 2. That.gelatine is nutri tious. It will not keep a cat alive. Beef-tea and gelatine, however, possess a certain re parative power, we know not what. 3. That a an egg is equal to a pound of meat, and that Severy sick person can eat eggs. Many, es pecially those of nervous or bilious tempera ment, can not eat them, and to such eggs are injurious. 4. That because milk is an im I portantarticle of food itmustbeforced upon c a patient. Food that a person can not en dure will not core. . That arrow-root is a nutricious. It is simply starch and water, useful as a restorative, quickly prepared. i. That cheese is injurious in all cases. It is, 1 as a rule, contrn-indicated, being usually in digestible; but it is concentrated nutriment I a waste-repairer, and often craved. 7. That t the cravings of a patient are whims and Sashould not be denied. The stomach often t needs, craves for, and digests articles not laid down in any diatry. Such are, for cx Samlple,fruit, pickles,jams, cake, ham or bacon, with fat, cheese, butter, asd milk. 8. That an inflexible diet may be marked out which s shall apply to every case. Choice of a given list of articlesallowabloin a given case must h be decided by the opinion of the stomach. s The stomach is right and theory wrong, and the Ijudgment admits no appeal. A diet which would keep a healthy man might kill q asick man ; and a diet suflicient to sustain a t sick suan would not keeps well man alive. Increased quantity of food, especially of liquids, does not mean increased nutriment ; t rather decrease, since the digestion is over tb axed and weakened. A Rare and Curious Plant.-Donald M'Lean, French Rives, C, B., is the possessor of a plant or herb, which he found out in the forest. It somewhat resembles the back of a man's hand; it has a narrow stem for a few inches, then it takes the shape of a goblet, with a hollow inside. The back side is a little longer, point like, and that flap beads over the palm. It feels soft and fur like, with red veins running up the sides and back, leust as natural as in the human hand. It will rhold its full of water for days. It is curious to look at.-1-alhfa sHferald. A special syndenham ftte was organised a few weeks ago by the directors of the Crystal Palace in honor of the Indian and Colonial Commissioners. There were present r on the occasion, Sir Wm. and Lady Clarke, ° Sir Saul Samuel, and Sir Graham and Lady Berry. a The marriage of Mr. Daniel Cooper, eldest son of the baronet of that name, to . the daughter of Lady Susan Grant-Suttie, was to be celeb?ated last July. 