PARIS LETTER. (FEOH Otnt OWN OOURF.SFOKDENT.) Paius, April 2ud, The more reliable the intelligence received abont Russia and the Russians, the more it is conflicting, and tho more confused be comes our knowledge. At the present mo ment, everyone want* to know what is pataiug inside the Czar's head ; is ho for peace or war : is ho a free agent, all autocrat though he be ? Who arc the Constitutional lists, and are they on speaking terms with the^NihiHats? Some "eye-wifcuosees " BWear by the Neva, or the statue of Peter the Great, that the Czar and his wife drive through tbo streets of St. Petersburg in a Bimpla sledge, like ordinary mortals to shop, to visit a hospital, or a school. This reoalls a little wbattho papers announced respecting Louie Philippe—tbo beat potted at sovereign of his day: "Hia Majesty reentered the Tuileries after hiB constitutional, without any living subject having a blaze at him." Matters, however, are not so ohcery when the Emperor patrouises railway travelling. The lines he has to run over have, at every three«quarters of a mile distance, a little barrack or blookhoase, acoommod&tiog; 100 men, and commanded by three officers ; the house is half sunk in the soil : burrowing seems to be a trait with the Slav. The interval between each blockhouse can be swept by the rifle for half-a»mi!o round. In addition to infantry there are eavalry patrols. As every passing train is supposed to contain the Czar, all the soldiers have to tarn oat and present arms, cither to a goods train with a few carriages, or a swal low express. As the Czar rails to GAUohins, not a Nihilist or a suspicious platelayer can come within 100 yards of tho liue. Daring Lent, all theatres close in Russia, save the circus. It is not precisely clear how the orthodox justify tho distinction. However, Moliere affirms, there are accommodations with heaven. The popular pantomime at the St. Petersburg circus brings Germany, England, and France into the arena. Bismarck is made up to lifo, in his uoiform of white dragoon on a Bel gian dray horse, suggestive of the Heidelberg tun loaned out toa brewery. Theaudieuoe hiss and hoot the prince, who rides as mr.jeatioally away as the Cid, or say the ghost iu Don Giovanni, amidst a shower of roasted taties, koppecks—for browns are plentiful still in Russia—and oranges. That's hatred, and symbolises the unpopularity of the Germans. A Cook's excursionist, perhaps with his return ticket expired, impersonates England. Johu Bull is simply jibed and jeorod : he faces the storm with the yellow grin of tho unpopular candidate wooing constituents on hustings day. Next arrives a protty cr.n tiniere, with tricolor jupons and Muscovite favors : she is bewitchingly graceful and coquet, and naturally hrinzs down tho house. Bismarck and J im Bui! are no where in the competition with lovely woman. Frauce baB ouly to keep her purse strings well closed, not be cajoled into loins for Russian railways ; flirt with ail nations, pne £>icu el iienl sa pouih e s&cJie;, and she can ride out all rough weather, no matter from what quarter the winds blow. Iu addition to its ordinary lively attrac tions, the Chamber of Deputies now includes a ' Boxing Day." Count de Mailltfeu and M. Sana Leroy were members of tho sane parliamentary committee. One accused the other of being a humbug. Soon tho polite conversation ran into tho ''you're another" stage, and, ultimately, there was an appeal to arms, when M. Sana Lr-ioy received inch a "surprise,in the shape of two 1ov*dy black eyes. The Comtc i3 the beat descended family man in France; can trace Ids pedigree back to Vercegctoric or Huques Capet, without a Haw, and yet he in the most extreme republican in the country. Ilis temperament is so excitable that the slight est opposition sends him into tho strait jacket phase. Apart from tins, he is a right good fellow, and would share his lust ct list with his bitterest foe. Having violated the rules of the hou?o, he bowed to the livr, and entered the underground prison, til! the public pro?ecutor lms him condemned to a line of 200fr. Jn England, recalcitrant deputies are incarcerated over g'ound, in a tower, with Big Ben for a musical box*. In Frauce, "solitary" confinement, with hosts of visitors, cigars, and cogme, is subter ranean. Prince Pierre Bonaparte was the last and first representative who used his fiats to clench hid argument-'. Thin was in lS4S,so that this peculiar and an-Pickwickian manner of polishing off an adversary h rare in parliamentary annals. The authorities have had t j give way in their spasmodic application of the new law against betting. The pastime—or vice, has taken too firm a grip of the French to bo ex tirpated in twenty-four hours by a charge of the light brigade racecourse police, led even by the commissary, swathed in his red,white, and blue scarf of cffice. As well suppress lotteries in Italy, and gambling among Ori entals. Unable to cru*h horse-betting, tho Government lias resolved to become itielf guarantor for play. Henceforth, betting will be truly official ; anyone who wishes to try bis luck,to the extent of a louisor a franc —more if the gambler wishes, as the pool is ulimited—has only to pay iu his sum to a licensed agcucy, select his horse, receive a ticket, and if he has hit on a favorite hiB dividend will be pro rata to his stake. Ton t. will be struck off liia winnings, to per cent. eucourago the breeding of horses iu Frauce— in the name of the Prophet ! Figs !—and also to make the poor comfortable. When* ever an outsider wios, tho whole pool will become the property of the ten per cent, in* terests. Before M. Grevy accepts an invi tation to dine out, or to a ball, the old state of things will be re-flourishing ; with the Third Republic patronising gambling on horses, as Monaco does on red and black. There is hope now /or tho tuU- figbts. From tho Stock Exchange, (o thimble rig and the three card, there is a scale of excitemeut admirably adapted lor the upper and lower social Teus. Poets have had a blowout at the Aca demy; their "man," M. Leconte ile Lisle, was received to occupy the vacant fauteuil of Victor Hugo. M. do Lisle dusted the poet's memory with the choicest words in the French dictionary, and M. Dumas filx re plied to tho admiration essay of M. de Liele. It was a race between the two, who could | flummorise heaviest tho departed bard. Not much of Hugo's immense hagagc | Ixttiraxrt will go down to posterity ; Dutna« shrewdly suspected this, as he invited Astronomers to discover a new star, and dub | it Hago. Juliet wished to have Romeo, when be died, made iuto little stars, to cut j out the garirix sun. Dumas owes Shake speare a ohnlk, Franco had n SoUtl King, and why not a sun poet. In Madrid, the bull-fighting season opens j simultaneously with Italian and other ope- I ratic establishments, and thr«t is now. While j subscriptions for seats to tho first have | reached 250,OOOfr., tho amount of cash paid in advance for lyrical pleasures is as limited as for shares in a gold mine salted with nug gets. Then the circus has three tenor bull* stickers, who—Patti excepted—arc tho best j paid artists on any stage : for a successful "prod" at a bull, at tho psychological moment, Mazzitioi receives 5G00fr. N€laton, the celebrated surgeon, never received more I than 3000fr. for cutting off a leg, or retno- | ving a diseased bone from the knee-pan. Curioas situations : Prince FJoherzollcru was present at the banquet given by the German Ambassador at Madrid iu honor of the 90th anniversary of hi-: sovereign ; this was the prince who escaped reigning over tho Spaniards, but caused the IS70 war between Franoe aud Germany. As a set-off, the Due d'AaBta, who did reign over the hidalgos for some mushioom period, was, as delegate of | Italy, drinking the Emperor's ninetieth birthday at Berlin. The present queen regent was not in her teens when her two rivals were trying to set-up in the Spanish royal business. Her Majesty—a hiut for young mothers—passes the few (spare | momsnts she has in photographing herself, her baby, and tbe king, and then weighing him in a silver scales : she declared to a friend, he has "never been found wanting," la lady society at Madrid, qnite a revolution has taken place iu Berlin wool-work. In stead of cats, dogs, flowers, etc., serving as , designs, a sketoh of some simple current •vent is immortalised in wool. This is a compliment to Bayeur tapestry. Samplars j will again become bietorical documents. Everything, it is said, happens in France. Only fancy, tbo goods aud chattels of a very close relative of the ex-queen of Spaio having been sold in the yatd of tbe public ' audtiou mart, for debt. The sticks were not j £Qany: all had tbe mark of royalty—erowns I ana lilies; A tobacconist bought an arm chair /or ISfr., in which crowned heads "re posed,,J for his old mother—the throne*fau* I fceui! of Locia XIV. was converted by an eccentric duke" into a night chair, and still exists; a leading demi-mondian invested in a flower-vase, and a ^liveryman," not from London.bat Marx's staWee, bought a collar of the Golden Fieeoe for 20fr.; he wore it going ! home, was followed by a few small boys, and was temporarily arrested for exhibiting seditious emblems, calculated to excite dis order. Pranzini's arrest has not yet led to the 1 discovery of the murderer of the three victims of the'Kuo do Montaigne. Jewellery belonging to the murdered woman has been I fouud in his possession ; beyond this, the oharge ha? not advanced. The whole matter I is drifting into speculation and mystery. Some funny folks perm to cou^der the occasion suitable to play practical jokes on the police. Create de la Oraudidre belonged to the Marint-s, from which he deserted, and iva' punished. Next be turned swindler, and made money for a time, nis speciality was, to declare ho belonged to fashionable society. Ho demanded to view all the first-class furnished apartments which wero to let, and managed, whiU viewing the rooms, to prig some valuable bibelot—as a souvenir. Ho came round a Baron, and agreed to take over his rooms for 25,000fr. a year. After verbally accepting conditions, ho and the Baron swore au eternal friendship —proof, ho lent the Count 150fr. out of his pocket-book, stufied with bank notes ; more, the BaroD invited him to pass the night in his apartment. In the morning, just sb tho Baron was getting up, the Comte came to take leave; he wanted to give his notary instructions to preparo tho lease, and pay rent in advance. " By-tbe* by, Barou, does your bath work well "Capitally, dear Comto—come and see.'' Both entered tho room; tho Baron undreased and jumped into his zino tub ; tho Comto went to his clothes, snatched thopockot-book, and bolted, not forgetting to lock tho door. The baron escaped by another exit, and, naked and dripping, gave chaso Tho count screamed, "Murder ! Madman P» Tho barou was stoppod by bis own servants no a lunatic; the more he atrugglod to get to the street the more firmly was ho held. But when hio case was known, tho comto was nowhere. After the money was all ppent ho returned the empty pocket-book to ifc3 owner. This supplied a clue; the comto was arrested while in the net ef writing rcliuious letters, soliciting assistance as a persecuted convert. He was sentenced to fivo years' imprison ment. The baron has taken down the bills as to his apartment being to let. A cashier, aged 59, and father of three childrrn, attemptod euicide in an hotel at Ronen, just after he arrived iu tho room. Ho lodged five revolver balls in his' body : a | waiter came to enquire which was wrong:1 receiving no reply, ho opened the door : the unfortunate and bleeding traveller was j occupied trying to hang hiratelf. "Garcon ' bring ms a good butcher's knife ; I want to finish." The waiter brought a doctor and j the police. On his way jto tho hospital— ; where bo expired after arriving—tho man tried to suffocate himself with a handkor- i chief. He stole money to cover a gambling debt. Merlatti is atpresent, relatively, as fat as wheu he was tho fasting skeleton. Quite a battalion of food purveyors advertise that it is owing to Merlatti patronising Ihoir | speciality that he has becomo r.a elout as a : prize Sultana. I The French Government will allocate over i one million francs per month, to subsidise j their mail packets to the East and Australia, i Everything connected with tho eorvicemust ; be French. Tho boats will not exactly go J to the length of declining to cirry foreigners' 1 goods. In tho passage to Australia, n gain I of three days over all riv.il packet com* | panics is to bo secured. j An ingenious machine b&B; been presented by the inventor to the blind asylum : by it a blind man not only can print the letters in relief so as to read them with his fingers, but the same type prints the same matter on an ordinary sheet of paper fur the eyes of | friendly correspondents. The telephone companies only charec hslf.price for those blind persons who are ou their subscription list. | The French army counts three marshals— ; j aged each nearly 7S—M'Muhou, Caniobeit, ; and Letceuf, There are ttOOgcnerals. of whom Negrier is ono of the youngest, aged 47; of the total of generals, 21 have risen from tho j ranks. Cruel first of April joke. On the Place do la Concorde is a Etatue, emblematic of Shas , bourg, ami in mourning since January. 1S71: at some distance ia the Obelisk. A blind man begged a passer-by to lead him to the | Strasbourg status ; instead, he was found placed beforo tho "Obelisk," indulging in i patriotic wif-liea that it would tioou he ! I rejoined to Frauce, j 