/j miiicellaiieous. I (From our Filos.) Tho North Const Times says : — A portable lock-np nrrivod poi s.s. Fern moiiitt, and will at onoe be erfoted along side! tho residonco of tho proprietor of this newspaper, who, if not lugardod by the Authorities as tho most dangerous charlctor at large on the North Coast, is evidently tho only one who has ever mastered tho police, who do not mean to jjiye him any possiblo advantago for the future. Upwards of 300 packngoa consigned to Vegetable Crook and Now England wero landed from the Sydnoy steamers at Grafton last week. Mr. Chamberlain says that two-fifths of -tho Irish pooplo are opposed to Home Rule, and that Mr. Gladstone is to blaino for tho unsettled state of Irish affairs in Parliament. Circulars have boon issued by the Adelaide Steamship Company to the masters and officers in their employ Btating that tho board of directors will require tho resignation of nny muster or othfjr officer who joins tho Shipmasters'' and Officers' Association. It is rumoured that Mr. Abbott is about to form a third party in tho Legist lative Assembly. The' brig John Wesley, which was built for mission work in tho South Seas, has changed hands, and will in future run under the German flag. The Victorian Government is willing fi to vote £1 50 towards recompensing the -' the master and crew of the vessel who rescued the survivors of the . Derry - Castle. I A It is rumoured that at the instance 'ol H.R.H. the Prince of WaleB Sir P. ' Cunliffe Owen will represent the British l exhibitors at the Melbourne Centennial *| Exhibition. ' A Pennsylvania Judge has decided that fruit hanging over a fence belongs to the man over whose ground it is sus pended, and that he can cut off the limbs if he chooses. The same principle has been established in California and else where. London is guarded by something like 14,000 nplicemen, or considerably more than a tBird of the total repuired for all the resnof England, Wales, and Scot land putftogether. The Alport of the Bank of South AustraliA'shows a profit of £25,300 for the half fear, and declares a dividend at the rate -r six per cent. The business done slip 's a moderate diminution in advances;.' Mr. Anderson, the late manager, resigned because the mission to open branches in the colonies had been postponed. The burglar Moody, who lived on a sumptuous yacht in which he stored his plunder, has been sentenced at Chester to five years' penal servitude. Last Friday's Argus says : — Owing to the small attendance of the publio at the meeting last night, convened to form a Progress Association, the promoters did not feel warranted in launching the proposal, and the meeting them ad journed. Some very severe strictures were made on the apathy of townsmen on all publio matters, one gentleman stating that the settlers around Byron' ' Bay by their energy and public spirit kept that place more before the public and the Government than the citizens of Grafton did their town. A Society is being formed in Sydney for ' the development of the principle of distributi vejeo- operation,' which dispenses with the services of all profit-making agents as between producer and con sumer. It further removes the temp tation of light weights, false measures and adulterated goods, and also reduces the cost of living. Intelligence from H. M. Stanley, dated July 25, reports all well. His expedition for the relief of Emin Pasha is advancing 12 miles daily. General Kauffian will probably be tried by court martial in connection with the recent incident on the Franco-German frontier. The German authorities will pay the widow of tlie French gamekeeper who was shot on the frontier 25,000 francs as compensation. A supposed ghost, whioh has been seen at Oxley, near Hay, threw stones at some ' rabbiters, although there are no stones within 100 miles of the place. Mr. Dibhs would like to see the £150,000 arising out of the sale of land in the Centennial Park appropriated to the . erection of the new Parliament houses in Macquarie-street, instead of being expended in the erection of a State House. The Tengarie refinery, at Maryborough (Q.) is expected to turn out 3500 tons of sugar this season. Sir John Coode's recommendations for the oonstruotion of harbor workB at Port ' Mackay would cost £337,250, and At Townsville £186,700. Under the new InBolvenoy Bill, a creditor of an uncertified insolvent will be able to recover at law not more than £20. A solicitor named Edward Roberts declined to pay his fare when travelling by railway to Burwood. He said it was a joke. The Benoh estimated the value of the joke at £2 and costs. Several valuable Highland estates were offered at auotion in London a short time ago, but not half their former value eould be obtained and some of them were withdrawn. The Moonlighters continue to prove troublesome. A gang of them recently conspired to murder a farmer who it was known was about to take a farm from which the former tenant had, for non payment of rent, been evicted. About a dozen Moonlighters assembled : to earry out thiB murderous design, but they were surprised by the polioe, who, to prevent the murder, had gone into ambush. -The police captured , seven of the gang, a desperate fight ensued, in whioh several of the constabulary were very severely wounded. Stee'.-framed cabs are now being manu factured in I^ngland, with a view to lightness and greater durability than it wood were used for the purpose. 