RUSSIA AND GERMANY. Tho Times Berlin correspondent, in a recent despatch, says :—Tho Germans have always a bugbear of some sort to keep their fancies working and their penB going. A few weeks ago this bugbear was General Boulanger, but the French spectre has meanwhilo been allayed, and now a Russian ghost, in tho form and person of M. Katkoff, of Moscow, is beginning to riso. Says the Post of this even ing, with reference to the late mysterious doings of this redoubtable editor : — "jln respect to downright impxdeuco and hatred towards Germany the Moscow Gazette has sinned far more atrociously than it did in its article of the 25th inst., but that article compels us to ask the question whether the seat of the Russian government is now in the office of tho Moscow Gazette or in the Minis terial bureaux at St. Petersburg. If. Katkoff asserts that ' tho go vernment, in its truo and highest sonso, as understood in Russia, goes a way different from that prescribed by tho German organs.' "With these words M. Katkoff plainly denotes the emperor, and claims to bo the truo interpreter of his Majesty's thoughts. Now this is an assertion as to the justnoss of which,clear ness is indispensable—for Russia herself as well as for other countries, and not least for Germany. Who does not per ceive that if tho determining ideas of Russian policy are hatohed in tho head of M. Katkoff, tho German Government will soon have to come to important decisionsl Are we, then, to set down M. Katkoff as an overweening fool ? Certainly not. M. Katkoff can point to proofs of Im perial favor. Truo, the Russian press is allowed more tether with i respect to foreign than domestio affairs ; but a critical tone such as that indulged in by M. Katkoff can bo adopted by no individual at will, and least of all "in Russia. This can only be done by a pri vileged, not to say an omnipotent per son. It therefore seems to us that the peraonagos who are nominally the holders of high offices in St, Petersburg for the sake of their own dignity cannot but define their attitude to this all-powerful individual, and inform tho public whether they are his su bordinates, or instruments, or what. As foreigners we are very curious about the auswer to this question. . . , And as for our own policy,- well, wo have a government which, has.never been want ing in judgment and resolution at a given moment." - 