CHAPTER XVL * PAS DE CHANCE." Dennis was more than touched, he was deeply moved by the kindness of Rose, His blood rushed through his veins like lava streams. HiB hand shook as be held the reins. " How good—how very good of you!" he said. "I feel it the more because I am unused to receive kindnesses." He put the reins in her hand. "You can drive for a minute whilst 1 look at your present. How 1 shall value it, words cannot tell; never, never will I part with it whilst I have life." He turned it over in the moonlight. The rnst spots on it were like the marks—the blotches—on the back of a toad; the Bteel shone white in the moon's rays, flashed and became dark again. Dennis tried the cock. "Don't span it," said Hose, "it may be loaded." Penhalligan laughed. "Hot likely. An old pistol, lying at the bottom of a basketful of roBes. Loaded! Why should it be loaded?" Be drew the trigger carelessly. At onoe a report followed, with a flash, and the bullet flew over the horse's head. The beast, frightened at the discharge, bounded, kicked, and dashed forward. Before Dennis had time to wrest the reinB from the hand of Hose the horse had run the gig againBt one of the granite blocks by the roadside, and almost instantaneously the gig was over, and Dennis and Hose were in the road. Penhalligan picked himself up, He was shaken, but not hurt. Without a thought for his cob and trap, he ran to Hose, who lay on the snow motionless. In mad terror ne picked her up, and spoke to her ; but Bhe made no answer. " Hose 1 My dearest 1 Hose, for God's sake speak 1" He telt her arms, her feet; no bones were broken; the words she had said as he lifted her into the gig recurred to him—but her neck was not broken. "Hose! Hose 1" he cried, and clasped her in his arms. He knelt on the hail and snow-covered ground and held her to his heart. "My God!" he said, "haB it come to this, that I have killed her I love best in the world?" He turned her face to the moonlight. How lovely it was ! In his agony and passion he put his lips to her brow, her cheeks, her mouth. "I may never have another chance of kissing her," he said fiercely. As he held her to his heart it was as though he held her before a raging furnace, and that the heat it gave forth must restore her. He leaned his oheek to her mouth to feel if she were breathing; he laid his hand on her heart to learn if it were beating. Then he put his fingers through his hair, and held his temples, which were bursting with the boiling, beating pulses of fire, and his eyes were lifted to tne black sky in which swam the chill, dead moon. "My God!" he said in a voice that shook with passion, " give her to me, and I will be good. I have not prayed for many years. I ask this one thing now. Give her to me 1" Be felt her move in his arms. "DenniB," she said, "what is it? What are you saying ?" " I am praying." " Foi me ?' " Yes—yes—yes, for you. Only for you." "What,is the matter? Where am I? What has happened ? bhe disengaged her self from his embracing arm and tried to stand. " We have been upset. You are hurt ?" She felt her head. "No,' she said, "not much. Host all Bense, Now I am right. What happened? Where is the gig? Did we lall out?" Now he looked round. "The gig is broken. There is [my poor horse, fast by the head. The rein has caught in the axle, and the axle turning haB brought his head up to the wheel." " Can we not go on ?" Pehalligan shook his head. "But what is to be done? We cannot spend the night on the moor and sleep in the snow." " The chaise is coming on with Mr. Gave rock and the Loveys' party. The young cub can turn out on the box, and you will travel home, inside " "But you?" Dennis Bbiugged his shonlders. " What happens to me is of little moment. I must release my cob and ride him home." " I am so sorry. It is all my fault." '' I regret the accident lor one thing only." "What is that?" " "It deprives me of your company for the rest of the way." " That is nothing." "To me—everything." " Even the cutting wind and the Bnow can not freeze comDliments from yonr tongue." Dennis led her^ to a block of granite and seated her upon it. He collected the wraps and folded them round her; if she would have suffered him - he wouid have taken off his overcoat and laid it in the snow for her' feet to rest in, and folded it over them to keep them warm. "Mr. Penhalligan, I cannot I will not. permit this; yon are over-kind to me and over-crnel to yonreelf. Seethe poor hone. Do release him, and tell me the true condition' of the gig." " The horse mnst wait till yon are taken away from me by the chaise. Every moment now is to me most precious." " Really, Mr. Penhalligan, yon turn me dizzy again. Do attend to the horse." "The carriage may be here at any moment." " Well—the sooner the better for me. " Bat not for me, Rose I no, not for me. He stood before her in the white road, with - his right hand on his brow; the moonlight - was full on his face; she could see it work ing, convulsively, as the face of a man might work who was on the rack. " Rose 1 dear Hose. 1 have held yon one moment in my arms, to my heart. 1 confess all. 1 touched yonr lips with mine, and have drunk from - them madness, I know what I am, a man. with no fortnne, and no lack, a disappointed, an nnhappy man. And yon are born to enjoy life, without a care or a sorrow, or occasion for thought. 1 look at you as Dives in torment gazed at Lazarus afar off, and feel but too cruelly that there is a gulf between; bnt it is a gulf whioh love cut overleap. Dives," he laughed, and his laugh was shrill and startling in the night. "I liken i myself to DiveB." The time for Dives to be cast into hell and Lazarus to be translated to heaven ie over. Dives now mounts to Paradise, and the poor and the sick and the aching in heart and bone, and. the sore oi skin and racked of brain, toss and ache and moan in life and in eternity." He spoke so fast and in such a passion, his breath coming in gasps breaking his speeoh,. that Rose oould hardly catoh what he said. She was frightened at his vehemence, and she put out her hand to lay it on his arm and. pacify him. He_ mistook her meaning and. caught her hand in his. "Ruse ! dear, dear Rose !" he oried, " is it true that my long night is turning to day! That happiness is coming to me, even to me ! Oh, Rose ! you have never known or dreamed of love sueh as mine. I am not a poor, sleepy, oold-blooded creature such as Gorans. 1 love you. 1 have knelt here in the snow and stretched my hands to God and asked for yon. 1 who never pray, 1 cannot endure life without vou. Robb, speak to me. Tell me you hear what I say. Tell me that I am not to despair." He olenched her haud so tightly in his that she cried out with pain, " I have hurt you 1" he eaid, " that is the nature of mylo\\-. I hurt those 1 love." He became cooler, and folded bis arms. Theu the horse, driven desperate by the restraint of itB head, began to kick furiously at the broken gig behind it. " Do—Mr. Penhalligan! Do look to the poor horse. Give me a minute to collect myself." He stood doubting whether to obey or not; then he saw coming along the road from Camellord two orange balls of light. The. barouche was approaching. "No," he said firmly. "I will have my answer now. It must be now. I must know whether I shall have yon or lose you. On this moment everything hinges. I had not thought to speak, but the necessity drove, me. I could do no other. Answer me." "Mr. Penhalligan," began Rose, after a pause, with her eyes along the road watching) the approaching carriage lamps, and measur ing tne distance between them and the plaoe where she Bat, " Mr. Penhalligan ." " When you woke from your unconscious ness you called me Dennis," he interrupted. " Did I ? That was because I was uncon scious etill—of what was fitting." " Answer me, Rose. There is bnt a - moment more." He also looked round. The tramp of the horses in the snow and hail was' audible. " You are too late," she said slowly, arti culating each word with distinctness. " Gerans asked me on my way to the Goose Fair, and I said Yes," Then he burst into a wild, fierce, ringing. laugh, and clasped bis hands over his head,, and wrung them there. " Pas de chance!" he cried, " Pas de chance 1 It iB always so." " Halloa! who are there ?" was shouted in-, their ears. The barouche was level with him ; the driver had drawn up. Rose ran to the door and knocked. Old. Gaverock and Mr. Loveys were out directly. "It was my doing, all my fault," said Rose,., half crying, half laughing, and nigh on hysterics. " I would drive, and, having the. reins, upset the gig." She turned to the surgeon. "Mr. DenniB, whatever you may say to the contrary, I alone am responsible.. It was my fault solely." "Curse it 1" exclaimed old Gaverock.. " Who cares whose fault it was ? The gig is broken and will have to be mended, ifou,. Missie, will come home with us now. Pen halligan, how will you manage ?" " 1 shall ride home." " Here!' shouted the Squire, "give me the light." He took the carriage lamp and looked about in the snow. " Is there anything loBt'! What is this! Here is a pistol 1 Golly 1 very like that we saw to-day in the pedlar's " It iB mine," said Dennis, and he took it from the Squire's hand, JuBt then a large white owl flew hooting to and fro over the carriage and the little group - flitting like a great ghost moth or swaying like a pendulum. At the same time from, under the carriage ran the white-spotted, mongrel of the pedlar, and began to limp on three legs ronnu the party, then to throw itself on its back as one dead, then to leap. with all fours straight up into the air and dance on its hind legs. " How comes this brute here!" asked Mr Loveys. Mr. Gaverock took the coachman's whip - and lashed at the dog, hit it, and the beast, began to howl, then dashed nnder the carriage and disappeared. The moon passed behind a white curly cloud, and formed in it a ghastly ring of tawny hne; it wab like a Bingle great owl's - eye staring down at them from its socket of radiating feathers. Young Anthony, useful when anything touching horBeB had to be done, had gone with the coachman to DenniB's gig, and dis engaged the cob, with much shouting to the {lightened beaet. The brnte was hot and trembling, his rough coat standing out, matted with sweat, and the steam rose from him. Anthony junior patted his neck and nttcred "Wens !" in his ear, whioh produoed a soothing effect, whilst the coachman extri cated the gig from the plaoe where it was wedged, " Her ain't so bad uBed, but what her imay be made to run," said the driver, speaking of the Rig. " The splashboard be |scatt (broken to pieces) and the axle be bent: but other wise her'a middling eonnd. But her must bo drove slowly and with care." " Where are my flowers ! I must have my poBieB,'' said Rose. "Oh, Gnardiel let me have the lamp. 1 want them so much." " Never mind the roseB," said old Gave irock. •' We must get on our way." . " But I do mind them," anBwered Rose, "not only for their own beautiful sakes, but also for the sake of those who gave them to me." Dennis approached. He Baid nothing, but held out the bunches. He had found them in the snow. " Ob, thank yon again, Mr, Penhalligau," eaid Rose, looking at him and smiling, but somewhat timid atilL " There is no end to the favours you do me. You recover me out -of the snow, and will not suffer my sweet namesakes to lie and perish in it." " Are all the cloaks and wraps in?" aBked Gaverock. " Come, Rose, we cannot spend the night here." " Yes, Guardie, I believe so. I am ready." Then get in yourself." -She stepped into the chaise; then, opening the window, put out her hand. " Good night, Mr. Dennis," she said in her prettiest toneB. " You have overwhelmed me with kindness. I shall never forget this night." " Drive on," said Gaverock. Then the yellow glare—the little of colour there was in that waste of white and black moved forward, and Dennis Penhalligaa was left in the road looking after the carriage. Though steeped in his own trouble he started as he noticed a figure, which he thought was that of the pedlar, crouched behind the car riage, clinging on to the springs. In the moonlight he conld not make out the nature of the coat, bnt his donbts ceased when he saw the shadow of the dog pursuing the barouohe. The white dog with spots was itself scarce distinguishable against the snow and stony ground, bnt its shadow was black and de nned. Dennis clasped his hands and moaned. " Would to God we had both been dashed against these stone posts, and the life crushed ont of us! Always too late for luck! The prize is ont of my reach. Healing, rest, happiness, are for otherB, not for me. Whlie I am coming, another steppsth down before me. Pas etc chance ! Pas de chance / 