FOR HONOUR'S SAKE. — , ? ^_ — _ ? By Tho^Aathor Of ' Ciiaibiobei- ' CONTINUED Chappbr XVIII. 1 Mother, where i« Lily V said Jack, look ing into the room— his tone was anxious. . ?.!'!; don't know, dear,' replied aunt Mildred, looking up. ' Sue left the room when we all caroe in after dinner ; she likes flitting in her ovrn rbnm, I think.' Jack came forward, and looking ot us in the firelight. ..,-.,,. ' You are very foolish to allow her to sit 'alone,' he said, in an authoritative voice, j 'Have you no eyes, mother, or you Meta ? The child is wearing herself into her grave !' ?What1 can I do, Jack dear?' ... , ' Do ? I , don't know,' he said, walking impatiently up and down the room. 'But this I do know, that it will kill tier wandering by the sea alone or on the cliff these damp nights.' 1 On the cliff !' ' Yes, I met her there one night ; and the next, as I was coming in from the yacht, there she was sitting on a stone, crying as If her heartf would break. I gave her a pretty good scolding that time for being so im prident, and she promised she would not do it again.' Poor Jack ! His scolding, as Lily told : roe afterwards, was of the mildest description; he had soothed her in his rough honest fashion, burst out crying himself at the eijjht of her grief, and, praying Heaven to bloss her, had left her' there, with an injunction hot to be so foolish again.' ' ! . , . Jack stook in silence for a few moments, looking gravely and thoughtfully into the fire, and then he turned. ' I will take a look round and see if she in out still.' ' But, Jack dear,' said poor aunt Mildred, piteously, ' ore you sure she is ont V ' Yes ; Nigel and I saw her from the dining-voom windows go down the avenue ' half an hour ago, and the rain had come' on since.' ' Well, do go and bring her in, poor child!1 He left the room, and in a minute wo saw him hurrying down the avenue, in the gloom. \- 'If she would only speak of her sorrow, .Meta, it would not prey upon her mind so 'much,' obsorved p or aunt Mildred, wiping her eyes, which wore fast filling with tears. In 'about an hour Jack returned with Lily. Ho was trying to speak in a tone; of stern disploasure. but there was a ring of anxiety in his voice which could not be mis-' taken. ' I'?e brought her book, mother, and I am Very angry ; she is obi Hod through and through Got some lint tea, or something.' He brought Lily forward to tbe fullblaze of tho firelight, which flashed on her white scared faco and terrified eyea. Her teeth were chattering — she 'was shaking from head, to font, like one in an ague. ' Aunt Mildred took off he damp cloak, while I rubbed her.cold, trembling hand in mine. She did not speak, but shook like like one with a deathly chill, her eyes, wild, bright, and dark, gazing into the fire. Jack looked at her curiously. * What has come to you, child ? Did anything frighten you when you were out p' ' No, no !' The words wero jerked out through her chattering teeth. 'I am so cold, so cold/ ''And you would ''have stopped out all night, staring at tho sea, had I not brought you home, Lily,' said Jack, laying his hand for a moment on her bright hair. ' You are . bearing this wrongly. Yon must rouse yoursolf.' I left the room to get some port-wine negus for her ; Jack followed me into the' hall. « Look well after her, Mota ; she is going to be ill, or something ' 'Oh, I hope not, Jack I She has only taken a cold.' . ?, ' Do you know wheru I found her? She was sitting on his 'grave, on the wet ground, her fnoo in her hands — not crying — it would havc'lietfn bettor for lior if she had been— but as white as a sheet, and slinking ns - if she hud soon a ghost. She screamed when she saw mo,' Yet Lily said novor a word, only shook and shirored all that night, though her hands wore burning, and her cheeks and oyetf bright with fear, complaining of being so cold — oh, so cold ! Auufc Mildred sent for tlio ddotor tho noxt day. He said slin wob suffering from aumo mental shock, and hud. taken cold from | i getting wet and remaining in damp things, but there wbb nothing to be alarmed at. . In a few days Lily was up and about ftgoin, ;but; so thin, so wan, so miserably changed for the worse that our hearts sank when we looked at her. All day she would sit doing nothing, her hands in her lap, her wistful eyes always fixed on the changing, restless sea. ' Never a gleam of her old smile, never a dash of her old wilfulncss, lighted up the once bright, winning face. She made no murmur, no 'complaint, but endured in silence, and her silent, patient suffering was sad to see. ? # ? ? * ? The waves ran mountains high, flying against the cliff, sending up ''shcct.s of -spray, while down below amongst the rocks aud over the beach the waters were boiling and seething in masses of foam. It was a grand sight. The wind blow, into my face as 1 looked out to seaward, !to ^h'ete.jthe ? waves werb leaping against the sky. i t wan the first real storm 1 had seen, and thegmndeiir, the awfulness of the 6en, tossed to and fro, impressed me strangely. The roar of the surf, ns breaker after breaker came thunder ing in, was impressive in the extreme. The salt spray wetted my face, 'little flecks 'of' foam light as snow covered me as they were blown in by'tho.Avind. :,: ' It is a fine sea, mifls,' said a voice, arid Jack Scanlon peered into my face ns he came up with his stealthy step. Was I never to bo free from this mnn '{ The waves toBsedand roared as, grandly as before. Poorer! riot to watch their . awful splendour now that that man's voice was in my ear. ,' Justc such a storm as this washed in young Mr. Dalo's body on the morning after he was murdered.' Without answering I turned and walked away towards East .Cliff. It was late in tho afternoon. With the storm and the evening closing in earlier than usual, it was, very nearly dark, and I hurried on. But step by step Scanlon kept pace with mo. I quickened my speed almost to a 'run ; lie kept beside me; and just as I reached the friendly .sight of the gates of East Cliff he stepped forward and barred my farther progress. ' Let me pass 1' I cried, in as cool a tone as I could command, for the man's manner frightened me, but I did hot want liim to see it. Without altering his position one inch, he stated -his final wishes and .intentions, which were enough to make my heart quail. He was tired of living in this country, he said, with a good deal of circnmlocution ; a brother ot his had emigrated to America once, and now kept a hotel, a wealth}' and well-to-do, man ; ho, Jack, Lad a fancy to' emigrate too, and better himself as' his brother had done some twenty years ago, but ho had no means of paying his passage. At this point of his harangue he looked me steadily in the face to eee if I was following the drift of his, argument. I guessed only too well what 'was coming, and was hot left long in doubt. In a sulky voice of low concentrated passion he again spoke of Nigel's chastise ment to him, which he had never forgotten or forgiven, and of the revenge that was in his power, saying that he meant to carry it out to the uttermost unless Nigel gave in to bis domauda — namely, paid his passage out to America and gave him something to start with. ' What reason ha\ e you to expect Major ?Dering will do'this ?' I, asked, when be liad finished and stiod regarding me. '? What reason have I? The best reason, I think ; and he will have got off easy. This is the last chance I'll give him, miss.'' 'You cannot do anything to him,' I asserted, passionately. ' You are only try ing to get money out of rae, because I am d wpraanjind easily frightened. You would notda're to'go to Major Dering with your 'request.' ' No — because he would fling mo out of window as soon as not ; but you will speak to him for me, miss, and I'll nover trouble him no more.' He had promised that too: often ''for mo to believe him 'now. . ' Major Dering 'will never be bullied into anything of the sort j he is not afraid of youy'Sriahlon.' 1 'Then he has reason to be, and I'll make him afraid. If I went to Mr. Dale's brother, now, he would be glad to hear what I hnve to tell.' , ' You have nothing to tell, after all,' I said, speaking ,boldly enough. 'You can prove nothing — absolutely nothing.' ?.?,I;pon prove#he'tcjoined, glaring'dowh at moP;to see the effect -iof his words '' 'that 'I saw.;you and him' on the cliff. I heard what he said ; and he wns out in the storm all that night— I. watched.' _..r/, 'You watched!' I 'repented, my words coming in gasping sobs now. Were my awful doubts te be confirmed now, with the wind and the waves roaring arid 'tbe bad, malicious faco staring into mine. ? 1 Go, go I' I cried, in dread and horror of what I might hear next. 'I'm going. But you'll speak to the Major, miss?' '' I won't promise anything.' 'lean prove he murdered Mr. Dale,' be pursued in a low voice ; ' and, when it comes to a trial, miss, your evidence and mine together will make them bring it in quilty.' ' Not a single thing you have said points to guilt,' I said, lifting my head proudly. ?What were jou doing'on tho cliff yourself that night, Scanlon V 'Fishermen is out most nights,' he answered, onolly., ' What broughtUhe sleeve link into tho young gentlemnnY collar ? Why did Major Dering tbrow'tho dead body out of the boat, unless he had killed him first ? And there's more too. You wouldn't like to appoar against him, miss ?' He thought he' had gained his point then, as ho saw how his wards ' terrified me. Utterly sad at heart, I looked up at him. 'Major Dering will nover consent — I know that.' 'Very well,' ho returned, coolly. 'I'll give him a week to think of it, and if ho refunds it will bo his own fault then if I toll all I know. You'd best think it ovor, miss, for I tell, you I'll keep my word.' Nigel met me in the a von no. 'Meta, have you boon talking to that man again, after nil I have said to you V ho askod, gravnly. ? I couldn't holp it j Nigol j ho stopped me an (ho way homo. I wns out looking at the i(O'll).' ' Well, and what did your friend Scanlon any to you this time, frightening you again ?'..-. I told him all, not keeping back one word Scanlon had said. When I had finished, Nigel was silent for a little while. My hand was on his arm ; he laid his upon it, firmly. I Listen, Mea. I don't deny that man has it ia his power to do me a great injury, but do you think that fifty pounds or a hundred would stop him 1 Not a bit of it. I am sick and weary of the wholo thing. Let him do his worst.' ' Oh, Nigel !' I said, looking up into his face with a gasp. ? His Wide was low in its tenderffess now. ' I tell you, Meta darling, that the knowledge that you hnve not faith enough to believe in me has been tbe hardest to bear of all. Had you not donbted me, I might have struggled on, even to pur chasing i bat man's silence effectually ; but, ns matters stand, I will let things tnke their course,' Weeping and sobbing despairingly, I begged and implored him to alter his ilecHon, to pay Scaulon's passage to America, to put the Atlantic between us and his persecutions ; but through all ray plead ing he saw I doubted him, and his determina tion remained unshaken. . ' You believe him, aud doubt my word,' he said, sadly, 'and I cannot blamo you ; appearances go to prove the truth of his statement. I havo nothing but my bare word.' I 1 do believe you, Nigel,' I declared ; and I did too at that moment, as I always did in the power of his presence, and listen ing to the tone of his voice. ' You think you do, but I know you better than you do yourself, child. There is nothing for it now but to let that fellow rake up the business again ; but, as long as they do not come to the real truth, I care com paratively little what they think.' What was tho real truth ? Oh, if I only knew ! Clasping my hands on his arm, I whispered — 'What is the real truth? Tell me— won't you, Nigel V ' I cannot. You would not have !me sacrifice my honour, Meta ?' ' No,' I said ; it was a very faint ' No,' I am afraid, for my heart was beating with a terror that soon lound vent i» words. ' Nigel, I will die sooner than stand and speak as I did in that dreadful dream.' 'You will have, tu. do so, my poor child, if that fellow makes everything public. His revenge means publicity — - a trial — Heaven knows what more. But, darling, you must believe in me through all ; yet I would to Heaven it were ont of your power to appear against mo.' There was a momentary struggle, an awful agony of feeling, a horror that made me turn faint and cold ; and then love for him conquered all else. I bent my face over his hand, whioh lay upon mine. 'Nigel, a wife' cannot give ovidence against her husband.' ' Do you mean that, Meta?' he asked, his voice trembling as he stooped low in the darkness. ' Oh, my darling ! My own !' Falteringly tbe words eame. I looked up at him. ' For your sake, Nigel, yes !' Chapter XIX. ' He won't do it — he won't pay my passage to America — did ho say, miss ?' ' Yes, Scanlon. Major Dering will have nothing more to do with you.' I think every evil .passion struggled in the man's face at that Moment, as he saw he had well-nigh lost the game. He looked at me savagely. 'It's a nice thing for a gentleman to be took up for murder ; aud I'll prove every word I say, when the trial begins, and you will have to stand up, miss, and swear to what you say !' I listened to tho torrent of words that followed, and, sick and cold with fright, made one vain appeal for mercy and pity. His heart knew neither the one nor tbe other. '.Let him give me one hundred pounds,' he 'muttered between his teeth, 'and I'll give him my word never to trouble him no more. It's a fair bargain, -miss, and you ;had best speak to him to consider it again. Me and my mates is going to tho fishing for three Jays ; I'll'hold my tongue till then, bin not a day after.' Calling upon Heaven as 'witness to his terrible words, he left mo. . * ' * * * ? * *. _'., Nigel an'd'I stood face'tos.'face j-'TieJwas 'gloomy and;:'depre8sedjlarid vhis 'eyes 'were :sad and reproachful. ' And so,' he said, slowly, ' you will have nothing but this secret marriage, this mere ceremony, that, if the worst comes to the worst, and you are called as witness, the world may know then that you are my wife ? Meta, Meta, you might, have : believed in me ! Do you think I would let you become my wife, let you bear my name, if I were guilty ? I tell you I am as ''innocent bofore Heaven as you are.' ? Weeping, I knelt at his feet'ond^'hold his hand, hot tears- falling on it. ' Nigel, let if be ns I say. I- do believe in you ; but ? ' u t M. ' ' Always a ' but,' ho said,' gloomily. ' And you will be my wife to save 'ino? I think you are right. In evidonce, things 'may be twisted and distorted, and so ? convict an innocent man.' ? . He had raised mo from the., ground -and placed rae in an arm-chair, and he now stood by the firn, looking down sorrowfully at me. ' I' wonder you don't givn nie up altogether, Meta. . .'Nigel Dering' has certainly not added ito the happiness of your lifn.' I looked at the flames, shiniug and flashing, through ray tears, as I listened to his bitter words, and then I lifted my eyes to his face. 1 Nigel, knowing mo as you do,'ybu ought not to speak like that.' ' I can't help it, Meta, You would be hotter without mo.' ? Without him ! Not till thnt moment did I realize what an awful blank my Mlb. would bo without him. It reminded me of what I hod thought' on tho 'night of onr bitter quarrol, and tho remembrance of that brought bnok tho recollootion of Harry Dalo's death. I softly strokod tho hand that rested on the arm-choir. ' Nigel doar, you pain mo whon you speak in that bitter way. You know I love you too well to give you up ; and least of all would I desort you now thnt you nrc iu trouble. But we must lay our plans. Wo have only three days now.' He bout down, and looked me steadily in the eyes. ' Our plans, Meta? I would you loved me less or more.' 'Why, Nigel?' I asked, meeting un flinchingly the keen gaze of those steady gray eyes. ' You do not love me well enough to have blind, implicit confidence in me through all, and you love me enough to be willing to sacrifice yourself to save me — is it not po?' ' I do not know — oh, I do not know !' I cried, faltering anil trembling, as my heart struggled to let love get the mastery and dominion o*ver reason, judgment — every thing. ' I do know, then,' he said, watching keenly every expression on my fncf-. ' I read your thoughts in your eyes, Meta. Your words are bravo enough sometimes — your looks always contradict them, though. And now for our plans. We have only three days, nml then, unless something very unforseen lmppen0, my name will be made unpleasantly public. In the meantime ymi and I are to be made one ; but I may never claim you as my wife until I can prove my innocence. Meta, Meta, how little we thought it would oil end like this !' His voice broke down. He lennrd his head on the month-piece, and my heart ached to hear the long deep sighs that, were almost sobs — a man struggling wi'.h his emotion to conquer the fei'lings that had well-nigh mastered him. ' My wife,' he snid, in n low, choking voice, ' and still Meta Haughton iu the eyea of the world, unless indeed that fellow carries out his threats and brings you to give evidence against me ! Yon will blush to own the name o! Dering then, child. Hove yoii thought of all this V ' My only thought is to save you,' I whispered, lookingat his liowed head, ex pressive of utter, hopeless dejection. For some 'moments there was silence, and then he turned his weary, despairing face to me. ' You must have it your own way, Metn. And now listen to me. On what day are you going to the Rectory — home, I mean V 'Saturday.' ' Very well ; I can arrange everything before then. We can bo married at Burton's cliurch — it is quiet and retired enough — and Frank, being an old schoolfellow of mine, will do anything for me without making any fuss or asking any questions. We can just go for a walk some morning — you and I — and como back man and wife. It will be a strange wedding. There, do not cry so, darling — it will break my heart !' Chapteu XX. We wore going home, back to dear old uncle John. And very different we were from tho two light-hearted, merry girls who had left tho Rectory only a few short months before, full of life and spirits. Aunt Mildred wns very loath to lotus pro ; but Lily had taken a sudden feverish fancy to return home, and now our boxes, were being packed and everything was nearly ready for the journey. Lily looked dreadfully ill ; she had never got over tbe chill of that past night on the cliff, nil seemed ill and languid, with dark circles round her ayes; and a bright spot on either cheek. She was standing looking out at the window of our room, weary and worn out apparently with the exertion of packing, her cheeks a little flushed, her eyes very bright. She laid her hand on mine. It's touch wns like fire. 'Meta, night and day it haunts me ; it is never out of my thoughts.' ' What is never out of your thoughts, Lily, dear ?' I asked. She put her hand across her eyes and shuddered. ' The sea ! I hate tho sea now ; the wash of the waves will drive me mad !' And then, with a gasp, she added, ' Tho waves that washed him in !' ' Hush, Lily ! You must try not to dwell upon such things.' ' I never think of anything else,' she said, lifting her head and turning her sad face to mine. What a changed face it was ! All the life, the brightness, was gone. What would uncle John say when he saw his pet, his darling, a mere shadowy wreck of her old self? ' Meta,' she said, suddenly, ' when are you and Nigel to be married? Though I can not be happy, there is no reason why you should not.' ' Mjr cheeks burned ; I bent over the trunk I was packing to hide my confusion, mur muring some low, unintelligible reply. Lily heeded me not; her eyes were wandering dreamily towards the sea, heaving, sullen and gray, in the dull stillness of an autumn day. Presently she turned and watched me, folding away some muslin-dresses in the trunk. JTO BE CONTISUED.| 