THE RELIGIOUS CELEBRATION OF THE CENTENNIAL. A meeting of the committee organised in Melbourne with a view to the celebration by the churches of the centenary of British settlement in Australia took place recently at the Young Men's Christian Association Hall. Dr. Warren was called to the chair, and the Rev. A. J. Campbell, D.D., presented a report from the executive committee, recommending certain general objects whither was considered should be embraced by the movement. The meeting, which was well attended by repre- senté Protestant ministers and laymen, considered this proposal of the executive in detail, and ultimately it was agreed " that the title of the movement should be the Denton nial Mission, it being the churches' celebra- tion of the centenary of Australasia that the people of God be engaged in earnest, believing, and unceasing prayer for an outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the Australasian colonies during the coming year that the attention of the community be drawn to the great mercies which Australasia has enjoyed, since the commencement of British possession and that the people of Victoria be ask ed to recognise these by some public act of national thanksgiving'; that mission service be arranged for in town and country in which the Christian Churches, and agencies shall on, despite a' secure that the whole people of the colony shall have offers of salvation brought within their reach during the coming 12 months ! and that efforts be made to increase the circulation and reading of the Holy Scriptures in the homes of the people to secure the more careful training of the young, and to urge on the community a deeper regard for and more reverent observance of the Lord's Day." It was suggested that the public thanksgiving mentioned above nightly on the, 25th of- January, which is to be in future observed as a holiday throughout the colonies, and it was decided, on the recommendation of the executive, that a call to prayer should be published. It was further decided that until the end of January central weekly prayer meetings, for the purpose of invoking a blessing, be held every Friday evening in the hall of the Young Men's Christian Association Melbourne. 