THE GAVEROCKS. A TALE OF THE CORNISH COAST. [By the Author of "John Herring," " Mehalah," "Court Koyal," &c.;] CHAPTER LXVIIL ON FOUR OA&S.; xne old man said no more, tie went past Bo&e; towards the bouse. Hose's tears dried in her eyes. She crept after her father-in law. supporting herself against the brick garden wall till she eame to the spot where Dennis had stood the eveniog before watching her through the window. Vividly did she now see him, as he looked at her with his burning eyes. She cried out with fear. She fled from the spot, and stumbled over the porch steps. Dennis'was dead also. Dead by his own act. Her guilt became deeper, blacker, more hideous! No one in Towan noticed her. There was commotion there. Old Gaverock was send ing the men out to look for Gerans-or his body; and one fellow rode away towards Fadstowe, with loose rem, to summon the old drunken doctor, and another ran off to the farm nearest Nantaillan, to get aid for removing the body of Fenhailigan from the glade to hiB house. HOBO crouched on the steps, holding to a granite ball that ornamented the low wall that enclosed them. Her shame was more than she could bear. For some time she could not cry, but at last the tears began to flow again, and as they flowed they washed away all the false colours with whioh she had disguised to herself the relations in which sbe had stood to Dennis, colours painted on with the hand of discontent, vanity, and weakness. She knew her guilt She could no longer excuse her conduct, and the breath of death blew away all the ashes whioh had overlain and threatened to choke the glowing embers of her real love for Gerans. Hitherto Rose had lived in a dream of pleasure and self-confidence. Now she was rudely awakened to see the rain that her thoughtlessness had brought on herself and others. Squire Gaverock went out with his men, and searched the shore of Sandy Month and Nantaillan Cove in vain. They ran out the boats and explored the rocks where they rose out of the sea. They could find no trace of the presenoe of Gerans, alive or dead. After a search of some hours the Sqnire came home. He bade hiB men continue their examination of the coast; he returned to enquire if any tidings of his lost son had reached Towan daring his absence. He found that none had. Then he entered his study, and threw him self into his chair, to oonsiaer what was tobB done. He passed his hand over his eyes and brow, and the hand shook as he did so. However often he made this movement he was nnable to bruBh away the pioture of Dennis lying on the mat of russet autumn leaves, cemented together with the rain and rot of winter, with a pistol falling from his lifeless hand, and the blood dotted on his breast over the heart. Would Fenhalligan have destroyed himself &ad; Rose's accusation been unfounded? This question insisted on being answered, bnt he strove to put the question away from him. Why had Rose accused him? Was it only because Dennis had informed her of the death of her husband, or did Bome dreadful mystery lurk behind this into which he dare not look? The old man's month quivered, aB did his hand. One dark mystery after another stole through his thoughtB, unexplained, which he feared to attempt to solve. A tide was rising and surrouuding him, and each wave that leaped higher was more threatening than the last, What lay before him ? What were the dis coveries that would be forced on him? He heard Hose's foot in the ball. He would not go out to her. He would not speak to her. He shrank from even looking at her. To what extent was she responsible for what had taken place ? He dared not ask her, or ask himself. The ambition of his life was at an end. In one moment his pride, his desire, were ^broken down. His hopes, his ambitions, had been centred in his son, and lay dead with Mm. Suddenly he started back in his chair, and rib it against the bookcase, and Bat staring at the drawer of his table. The drawer had been tampered with. There were marks on it that an effort had been made to open it, and that the lock had been broken. He stood up and put his hand to the drawer. It opened readily. The lock was torn off, the mahogany bruised. The money was gone. Furse and pocket-book-the purse with the gold, the pocket-book with the notes- all weie gone. Who was the robber? Had this robbery .any connection with the loss of Gerans and the self-destruction of Fenhalligan? The number of questions rising before the old 'man's mind and demanding replies was growing and beooming bewildering. He was led from darkness to deeper darkness, into night profound. His mind went at once to Constantine, 'That Gerans had taken the money did not suggest itself to him. That Dennis had done so, been caught in the act by Gerans, that Dennis had killed him to conceal his theft, and then, finding he could not escape, had shot himself, was a possible solution. But then, where waB Constantine ? Why was he away? Why had not signs of him been seen ? The brothers had not gone out boat ing together. Every boat that belonged to Towan was in its place. Where was Con stantine to give them some information about Gerans ? Then, suddenly, it occurred to the old man that if Penhalugan had taken the money, the purse and note-book would be found on him. He ought to have remained 'by the corpse and examined the pockets. But he had been too alarmed and anxious to find Gerans to consider that; besides, when Dennis was discovered, the Sqnire had no suspicion that the money was taken. Where was Constantine ? Constantine had wanted the money. He was impatient to have it at onoe; he had refused to stay more than a day. There was a mystery about Constantine. He had darkly hinted that he was in_ danger of arrest for some crime. The Squire had put this from him as an attempt to extort the money from him by playing on hiB family pride. Bnt now he vegan to fear that there was some truth in the threat. ConBtantine had taken money elsewhere, or forged a name. That would explain both his retioence and his eagerness toget away. He had not told his parents that he was alive, because he wished it to be thought generally that he was dead, and that so. his guilt might not be disclosed. By some meaDB it had been found out that he was not dead, and he had come home to be helped to escape from the country, and now that this help bad been delayed he had taken the money from his father's drawer and gone. Perhaps this was the story of Constantino, the old man thought, with a fluBh on his bronr, and with clenched bands. But-what had this to Jo with the disap pearance of Geransand the suioideof Dennis! Time alone could solve these riddles. Then a freBh horror came on him, and made him gasp. If Gerans were dead, then his estate, and the representation of the family, the headship of the GaverockB-Toujours tans tache-would devolve on Constantino, on this runagate, thk wretch who robbed his own father anc wife, who was flying from justice 1 What would become of Towan in the hands of an unprincipled scoundrel, who date not show hie face in England ? He groaned. He would have paid out his heart's blood to the last drop cheerfully at that moment, if with it he could redeem Geraus from death. He compared the two brothers, sb strangely alike in face and build; and now a flame of real love flashed up through the thick cruBt of pride that he had Buffered to grow over his heart. GeraoB had always been an obedient, amiable son, had never given him annoyance, had been ever upright and true and manly. He had not treated Gerans properly; he had exacted from him BubuiisBion with despotic authority, he had not considered his years, and that tie ought to have taken him into counsel and listened to his opinion. He saw by the unselfishness of G-rana, with which he had stood forth on behalf of his brother, that his heart was good to the core; lie Eaw by the pertinacity with which he held to bis determination that he was bold where he felt be was right. A feeling of pride at the recognition of the merits of Geraus woke up lu the old man's soul, and now the teturg beuau to trickle down his cheeks lrom eyes that had not been thus moistened since child hood Alas ! no tears, no love, no recognition, would bring back the dead. Squire Gaverock went to KantsilUn. He put on his roughest manner to disguise his emotion. He found the house overruu with the curious; no one was in authority, every one had as much right there as another. He drove them all out except the farmer's wife, Mrs. Jemima Josse, and the charwoman, and old Mary Tregothnan, who undertook to lay the body out; all the gentle folks liked her to lay tnem out, Bhe explained, she did make such pretty oorpses of them. Then he en quired whether any money had been found in the pockets of the dead man, any purse, any notebooks. Yes, a leather purse had been found that contained a few shillings. Farmer Josse had taken charge of that, as he was constable. Yes, there nad been dis covered one notebook; it was produced, and the Squire saw it was the surgeon's pocket register of his visits and the maladies of the patients visited. Mr. Gaverock made strict enquiries, and had no oocasion to doubt that this was alL The constable, Mr. Josse, had been on the spot when the body was moved, and had seen and taken note of everything the pockets oontained. The Squire placed Mrs. Josse in charge. She was an ola servant of Towan, her husband a tenant; Mantsillau was tbe property of the Gaverooks, and Squire Hender was Justice of the Peace. He was accordingly obeyed promptly. Then he returned to Towan. As his faoe was directed homeward the Btern and rough ex pression deserted it, and it became haggard and distressed. " Any news ?" be asked, There were none. " Where iB Mrs. Rose?" " Please your honour, her's upstairs, a-locked into the bedroom, acrying. Ds have took her op some tea and toast, but her won't touch it." " Go, some one, upBtairs, and tell her to come to me into the study. Tell her I insist on her obedience." He went into the library and cast himself into the chair. In a few moments Roae entered, so changed in face and manner that the Squire looked at her some time with surprise without speak ing. "Rose," said he at last, "are you now sufficiently composed to answer queBtionB in a rational manner?" She looked up at him. He thought her eyes filled her lace, so large were they, so shrunk was her fresh and rounded cheeks. Her lips moved, but she could not speak. The lipB had lost their cherry redness. " Rose," he said, " tell me everything you know, everything that can help me to under stand what has happened. There is some thing behind this to which I cannot get, and which you, perhaps, may disclose." " I will tell you everything," she answered slowly, then paused to gather up her courage and strength for the avowal. In that pause she and tbe old man heard a step on the hall floor that they knew, and held their breath. The Btudy door opened, and he whom they believed to be dead came in. Squire Gaverock grasped the arras of his chair, and half rose from it. That was Gerans, certainly, before bim, and not his ghost, though GeraaB looking pale andde jeoted. Rose uttered a cry, flew to his breaBt and threw her arms around him. '. Gerans 1 Gerans 1 you are alive!" Her cry was bb [full of joy and ecstacy of love aa the song that breaks from the throat of a nightingale on a still spring night. It went direot to the heart of Gerans, who understood its meaning, and he pat his arm round her, and beld her to his beating heart, whilst with the other hand he preBsed back the white brow that was buried in his bosom, in order that he might look into her eyes. She dared not yet meet his steady, enquiring eyes, and she shook her head from his hold, and laid it on his shoulder, and burst into a storm of tears. Old Sqnire Gaverock held out his hand. " So, BO-a false alarm. That is well." He drew a long breath. "Women are fools. With my 65 years, golly! I onght to have known better than believe their alarms. Gerans, we thought yon were dead." " I am alive and sound," answered Gerans, with astonishment. "This is not the first time I have Absented myself from dinner." " Where is Constantine ?" " Is he not here ? I have not seen him." ''Gerans, where did you part from Pen halUgan?" " At the waterfall into the oove.' "Whathad you to do with him?" asked the Squire, gravely. "With Dennis? oh, we had a conver sation." " And an altercation ?" " Not on my side. I apologised to him for our conduct to Loveday. I shtll speak about that presently." "Do you know what has happened?" " Happened ?-to him?-no. I juried from bim many hours ago." " Rose charged him with having murdered you, and he has shot himself." GeraoB stared at his father with horror and p.erplexity. He became as pale as death, whilst Rose clung to bim more passionately. He put his hand over his eyes, and tried to collect bis tboaghts. "I do not understand this," he said. "DeDnis has been for some time incensed against us-against me-for not taking up Loveday's cause with the vigour that I ought to have Bhown, and for something else I need not mention." He felt Bose'd arms contract con vulsively about him, sod heard a sob escape her labouring bosom. " And he has been 'irritated with you, father, for sending Loveday away and not acknowledging her, as you ought to have done. Then ensned the disappearance of Loveday, it is possible that pbor Dennis's mind has become disturbed. I did not think bim himself when I left him this morning. I did not tell bim plainly that Constantine had returned. I do not think be had heard of iter he would have men tioned it to me. I only told him that a great surprise and joy was in store for Lovsday." "Gorans," said Rose, looking up in bis face, through her tears, " dear Gerans, he told me that you were dead. He had seen you fall." "His mind was disturbed," said Gerans, "poor fellow! My Godl what troubles, what sorrows come on us." Neither his father nor his wife had any thing to say to this. A tear came from Gerans's eye and fell on the cheek of Rose, a tear of sorrow for his friend. Then they heard a tramp of feet, and, looking through the study window, they saw eight men. approach the house carrying four oars crossed on their shoulders, and on the oars lay a body. Before the eight men walked another, carrying a bundle, " They are bringing him here!" cried Rose, cowering into her husband's breast in terror. "Oh, do not let them ! Why should they bring him here, this is not his home. him be taken to Nantsillau." Gerans disengaged himself from her cling ing arms. He looked steadily through the window, then he turned quickly back, and said, " Stay, stay here. Rose. Do not leave the room. Father, tbie is not Dennis. Pre pare your mind for another anl worse disaster." He had recognised his red-topped boots on tbc legs of the man who was being boine It) the ei«ht. He knew that Constan tine had put tliem on that morning. " Tbe old Squire stood up trembling like an aspen, with white face. "God be gracious tons," he gasped. "Give me your arm, Gerans. I-1 find my feet fail me. Not-it is not-Constantine ? In another moment the tramp of the feet was in the hall. Then with a sigh of relief eight bearers put down their burden upon the long oak dinner table, withdrew the oars, and wiped their brows with their sleeves, . The ninth man placed the bundle at the foot of the dead man who lay on the gate-a man in a suit of Gerans' clothes, with his fine frilled shirt, and with his red-topped boots: and with his white face streaked with blood from a wound in the forehead where a bullet had pierced his brain. In death Constantine bore a strange and striking likeness to his brother, who now stood nearly as white, and with as rigid a face, bending over him. "Here, your honour," said the man who had carried the bundle, "here be two pocket books and a purse UB have took out of his coat pockets, lest they should fall and be lost. I reckon they be chuok full of money. And us be dry, and would like a drop of cider." 