MB, LOCKE BICHABDSON AT THE Mr. Locte UUcaarasOD, wno oomes to tno colony with a good reputation from Sydney and Melbourne, openeo. at the Albert Hall on Sttt-nr/inv niohfc tn ft,' l&ttm; hoTUfi. In the put several public reciters who nave oeen well received in the other oolonies have not managed to hit the popular taste in Adelaide, but that should not be the case with Mr. Locke RichardBon, who has all the attri butes of a popular elocutionist with none of their -professional faults. The piece chosen for his initial appearance in Adelaide was Dickens's ' Christmas CaroL' Thackeray de scribed this Btory 'as the best charity sermon ever preached,' and those who were fortunate enough to hear its recital on Saturday night will probably agree with the great satirist. Mr. Richardson has a re markably good presence, and bis opening remarks put him en rapport with' his audience when bis rich, full voice abruptly announced that ' Marley was dead to begin with. There is no doubt whatever about that. Old Marley was as dead as a door nail.' The audience smiled, and the smiles became somewhat more pronounced as the clever elocutionist, with appropriate gesture, retold Charles Dickens's delightful story. The audience was swayed by the reciter 'as in musical tones he followed the outlinestof the beautiful sermon. With wonderful com mand of his voice he portrayed Scrooge bo well that those present were almost expecting to see the miserly merchant bsfore them. A change, however, came with -the hearty 'Merry Christmas' of the nephew and the timidity of Bob Cratchit; was sympathized with. ' The piece ' does not allow much room- for declamation, ??but those - fine: touches- of : humour and the lining of pathos were inter preted to the audience in a way that showed to many of them the story in a new light In. the earlier part Scrooge's actions were de testible. and this became manifest in the faces of those present. The well-simulated horror with which he saw his partner's ghost induced the hearers to applaud Mr. Kicnarason, put -wnen a lime later ne depicted the' delight of the Jnve nile Cratchits at the rich Bmell of the Christmas, goose the auditory smiled sympathetically. Tiny Tim's applause at the richness, of the stuffing was re- echoed, but when somewhat later, the spirit showed old Scrooge the death- bed of Tiny Tim, the father's grief drew tears from many of those present The story was repeated almost ia its entirety, and the recital of whole passages demonstrated what a wonderful memory the reciter has. That he was in thorough accord with his theme was evident by the appro Eriateneas of his action and the inflection of is voice as the different acenea in the panorama passed before the auditory, and the proof of bis success was the laughter of the audience, followed almost directly by Bobs from many of the ladies present, as DickenBs pathetic words with a new significance were uttered. For an hour and three ? quarters Mr. Richardson detailed the story, and anyone perfectly ignorant of the English language would have had no difficulty in following the sentiment of the plot if they had watched the faces of thoEe present. At the conclusion Mr. Richardeon was loudly and deservedly applauded. The 'Merchant of Venice, which will be recited on Tuesday, should attract a large attendance, as the nature of the comedy gives more scope for the decla matory power which the reciter evidently possesses. __^ ^__ 