ITEMS OF INTEREST. The arrivals at Naples of large numbers of fugitives from Sicily creates great anxiety. Catania rom ,ins the chief centre of the cholera epidemic. On 10th July thirty-seven cases and eighteen deaths were reported. At 1to. celia, in Calabria, there were four cares and two deaths. According to information from Pietermaritz burg, the Natal treasurer's financial state moot roade in the Lenisiatlve Council showed that owing to improved trade the deficit at the begrining if the year had been reduced from L223,000 to L161,000. It is expected that by thle financial arrangements made last session the deficit will be completely covered during the current year. Corre. epondience has been read in the Legisla. tive Council which passed between the Secretary of State for the Colonies and Mr. John Robinson, when the latter was in London as the Natal delegate to the Colonial Con lerenco. It is genes lly considered that Sir H. Holland means to convey that unless roespon sible Government be accepted by the colony all public works dependent on loans must be stopped. Judgment was given at Leilpric on8th July in the treason trial which hbo been proceed. ing before the Imperial Court. Klein was condemned to six years' imprisonment in a penitentiary, and Grobert to five years. Erhart was acquitted. Toe reasons auslsged for the sentences are that the guilt of both Klein and Grobort has been fully proved, partly by their own confession and partly by the depositions of witnesses and the corre. spondenot, found to have been exchanged between Klein and Schnaebelo. It is further explained that both the acceod. know that their communications wou'd be received by the French Minister of War. In the southern parts of Georgetown county, B.O., says the New York Hierald, Is a large sheeot of fresh water known as Dawie Lake, widely celebrated for its great quantity of excellent fish of many vaereties. About ten days ago a terrific hailstorm of several hou a duration passed over that section, doing great damage to growing crops and beating large quantities of leaves and limbs of treee into the lake. A few days after this storm the fish in the lake began to appear by thousands upon the surface of the water in a dying condition, the quantity increasing daily, until the surface of the lake was literally covered with dead fishes. The water of this lake has always been of a whitish colour, clear, soft, and pleasant to the taste, but immediately after the storm it became as black as ink and bitter as quinine, in which condition it has since continued. Dawho Lake is about two miles long, and from two to 500 yards wide, and varies in depth from 10 to 80t. Adjacent lakes were not affected, Particulars of a most sensational murder trial In Calilornia, the sequel of which was the lynching of the murderer, are given by the Philadolphia correspondsnt of the *"Time,." One Hong.di, a OCinaman, recently brurally murdered a man and a woman at Oulusa. Oali forn'a. IHe was tried on 9th July, the jury finding a verdict of guilty, and pronouoinea his punishabment to be imprisonment for life. Their verdict inconsed the crowd in court, who wanted the manl hanged; and the judge said he would not accept the decision of the jury. INverybody being armed,a wild soene enteri it, the co,urt-room, a hundred pistols being drawnr amid cries of "Lynch him?" The sheriff rose and quitted the crowd, saying that, while he disapproved of the verdict, he hoped no blood would be shed in court. The prisoner was then removed togaol. A mob surrounded thr, bui'diog at midnight, broke ir and seizfd. Hoog-di, and dragged him out to a bridge, where they halnged him by throwing him over Sthe parapet with a rope round his neck. The sheriff then took the body back to the gaol. A movement has been begun at New York I for; cutting a Nicaraguayan canal under American auspices. A sum of 100,000.1ol. in gold has been paid to the Nicarsguayan Government for the concession for cutting the canal. The Nicaraguayan Canal Coun struction Company has been organised with 12.000.000dol. of capital, and will soon send nut engineers to verify and relocate Menocal'e aurveye. It is expected that the company will begin the work of excavation and of harbour improvement when the advising bhoarl of engineers, including Mr. Menocal, I, i mpproved of the surveys. Ao interesting collection of pietures is now oing exhibited at the Amerioan Exhibition at Earl's Court. They prove that America is 1=arning the business of painting in Pati, end (ai was pretty generally known before) is learning it well ; though whether America will long consent to run in French leading strings is quite another question. The pictures painted under other than French influence are for the most part on a different and lower plane of art altogether. Such are the large, showy, theatrical laud.capes of a man who has had considerable vgue in ,rane parts of the United States, Albert Bierstadt, a Duiseldorf artist, and such the large canvas in which the Poennsylvaian artist Rothermel has attempted the almost inmpossible task of representing the mblee in the bloody battleof Gettysburg. Still, though the painting of this enormous picture is faulty enough, it gives a paintully true idea o, the deadly struggle in which, to use the Northern phrase. "* the back of the Rebellion was broken." Tae armies engaged wore, as Moltke said, rather two vast armed mobs :than trained armies ; and bare they are in collision, tboneands mixed with thousands in the grip of mortal combat. A great public meeting was held in New lYork on Sunday, 10th July, at which Father M'Glynn defied shb Papal excommunication. and said :-" I learned under the very shadow of the Vatican that the man who sins a?ninet his conscience sins against the Holy Ghost, and if any power on earth, even though it be him who sits enthroned in the Vatican, commands a man to do or say aught against his conscience, to obey even 'that power were to sin against the Holy Ghost. If it were in their power as it was once-thank God it is no longer-they would imprison the truth in dungeons and martyr it at the stake in the persons of those who through no fault of their own read God's truth in the facts of society, in the strata of kbhe earth, and upon the skies. It is a notorious fact that religion is vanishing in every part of the world. Men are being alienated from the church. particularly from the Catholic Church. Nowhere is the church more hated than in the 'so.called Catholic countries. The effort to obtain a Papal representative at Washinoton is quite in keeping with the same poiocy that has led the Pope to send two Italian prelates to Ireland An Eeglish noodle of a Catholic lord, the Earl of Denbigh -and yon may always mistrust Englisb Oatholice, especially an English Catholi rearl, to outdo any Protestant in hir hatred of Catholic Ireland-saya that the Polpeo told him not merely of his great esteem and affection for England, which is. , well enotah, but of hib great desire to be ef use to England. Men who have fought for Ostholiciem base been slapped in the face by the Poue to please Prince Bismarak.. So long as the Catholics let the Ioman machine, of which the Pope is the mere puppet, do thin, that machine will ure Paddy in Ireland and the German Poddy and American caday as pswns on the political cbesaboardlo be sold out at any time for what it can get in return." Trevethick in 1810 made the first Iocomative steam engine. Till his expearl. ment it was imagined that turned wheels would givenolocomotion, and this mistake obstructed the introduction of steam navigs. tion by revOlving paddles. 