ROWING NOTES. fBrBOATHOOK.1 xne nnai races oi tne uuDiiee xugacra take place on the Torrens Lake this after noon. The preliminary heats were rowad on Thnrsdav evening, and so far as can be seen aw Ijrcaciiw uic gtsumckx luxiu ui vixo uaininou iB better than at last Spring Regatta. The Senior Fours Race (clinkers) Bhould be a close contest between Poole's (A.R.C.) crew and Clouston's (Port). For Junior Fours, Richardson's crew- (Commercials) meets Wood's (A.RC.), and the latter will probably find the dark-blues quite good enough. Richardson made a heavy bid for the Juniors a year ago against the Banks, and was .separated from victory by 2 yardB only. He rows better now, having in the meantime trained behind Mayes for the Ladies' Challenge Shield, and his crew are rowing a longer stroke in battier Btyle. For the Maiden Fours the Norwoods have a very strong crew, and in iurigged boats they should certainly carry their own. Their No. 3 rows for a beginner with good form and . ' devil,' and, with great care and practice, should make one of our very best oarsmen. How is it some of our oarsmen - are ' giving up the ghost' halfway over the course, or ceasing rowing for a stroke or two during their race ? Surely our clubs are not sending out men to represent them who are unable to row continuously for li miles at their racing pace. Every oar that rests pre maturely lowers the reputation of its club tor courage and determination. The public are bard clitics in these matters, and in watching two crews rowing what may be a desperate race with that apparent ease which good form gives mostly do not know that they are watching a contest second only in severity to the gladiatorial sets-to, though the latter are about ou a par with cannibalism, inasmuch as they destroyed the stout hearts they made. Whatever may be the merits of a crew over a long course, they know very well that here they have to train for a short course over which the loss of one stroke ought to mean the loss of the race. With this westerly weather nearlyall the record times should be reduced. The Vic torian oarsmen are almost sure to knock down the figure in the Senior Pairs. The two Graysons row very prettily, but will probably be overmatched by the Bradleys. Tire Port Senior Foar havo been doing ex cellent work the last few evenings, with hard catch, good time and Bwing, and plenty of dash, and should break, or at least force Foole's crew (Adelaides) to break, the clinker record— 6 min. 24f sec. 