LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS, WITH Wednesday's issue of the Herald and Advocate will be published a coloured lithographic view of Newcastle, and some of its principal buildings, &c.; Any subscriber who may not receive a copy is requested to apply at once to his news agent for it. Agents requiring extra copies of Wednesday's issue will please send in their orders to-day (Monday). Mr. HENRY COPELAND, M.L.A., passed through Newcastle on Saturday en route to Sydney, and left by the Namoi. PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.-The practices of "The Creation," by members of the Phil harmonic Society will be commenced to-night, when members are expected to muster largely. "THE BROAD AND NARROW WAY."-A lecture bearing the above title will be given in St. Mary's Mission-hall, Islington, this evening, by Mr. B. Smith. NEWCASTLE BOROUGH COUNCIL.--A spe cial meeting of the Council has been con vened for 4 o'clock this afternoon, to con sider Mr. Abigail's proposal to revoke the Newcastle Sand-drift Reclamation Act. THE CUP TRAINS.-The express train to Melbourne was delayed for about 50 minutes on Friday owing to its great length. It was divided into two sections on reaching Seymour. Poor NEW ZEALAND.-It is stated that the New Zealand Treasurer will, in his Budget speech, propose reductions in ex penditure to the extent of £300,000, and an increase of the property tax. WRECKED.-The barque Elizabeth Mary, from Townsville to New Zealand, was wrecked on the Barrier Reef at 2 o'clock on Thurs day morning. Her crew arrived at Bowen on Friday. A NEW LANDLORD.-- Mr. James Jones will this morning apply to the local Licensing Bench for the transfer to himself of the license of the Terminus Hotel, Scott-street, recently held by Mr. Walter Sidney. THE half-yearly general meeting of the Wickham and Bullock Island Coal Company, Limited, will be held in the Sydney Chamber of Commerce to-day for the reception of the half-yearly report. MARRIAGE IN HIGH LIFE--The Marquis of Normanby is coming a long way for a wife. The Wellington papers state that the Marquis of Normanby is visiting New Zealand with the intention of marrying a Wellington lady. A LARGE CLAIM.-We understand that the evicted tenant from the property in Scott street, who has been so prominently before the public recently, intends to apply for the issue of a writ for £1000 for damages caused to him by his ejection. SENT TO GLADESVILLE.--The railway porter, David Broderick, who was on Satur day adjudged to be insane, and who was ordered by the local Bench to be despatched to the Gladesville Asylum, left for Sydney on Saturday night en route to the institution, under the charge of Constable Anderson. FIVE SHILLINGS to the Chingtu, lying at the town end of the dyke, and back, one of those boat-harbour ornaments asked yester day, with the steam ferry-boat in sight and the other ferry within a few hundred yards. Then he turned to discuss the dullness of times. APPOINTMENTS.-Mr. G. F. Scott, police magistrate, Walgett, to be police magistrate at Deniliquin, vice Morisset, deceased,-to take effect from the 1st November. Mr. Edward Reeve, P.M., clerk of petty sessions at Port Macquarie, to be Crown land agent for the land district of Port Macquarie, vice Lieutenant-colonel Maunsell. FANCY? FAIR.-- The Argyle Store, Wolfe street, was visited by a large number of persons on Saturday evening, who largely patronised the stalls at the fancy fair being held in aid of the funds of St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church, Stockton. The bazaar was splendidly arranged, all the pretty and useful articles for sale being shown off to advantage. The COURT-HOUSE.--The necessity for the repairing of the exterior of the local Court house was made more apparent on Saturday morning, when, as two persons were standing at the south-eastern corner, a portion of the cornice fell, without warning, and struck one of the individuals on the hat. The broken piece was not of large dimensions, but it was sufficiently large to show that the cry for a thorough repairing of the Court-house is warranted. DISOBEDIENCE.-Five seamen were charged at the local court on Saturday with combining to wilfully disobey the lawful commands of the master of the ship Edderside, now lying in the port, to which vessel they belonged. The captain and the mate gave evidence to the effect that the men refused to "turn to" when ordered, and that they expressed their determination to get their discharges. The Bench found the men guilty, and ordered their imprisonment for 14 days. NOBODY's BUSINESS!--The footpath in Church-street outside the old cemetery is in a disgraceful condition, and has been for some considerable time past. The path is obstructed with large stones, and a series of furrows a few inches in depth runs along the greater portion of the way. The path is used by a large number of persons, and is the source of much annoyance. The depositing of a few loads of earth in the furrows, and the re moval of the larger stones, which could be effected at an insignificant cost, would be a great improvement. A TRAM MOTOR was brought up from Sydney by the Alhambra for use on the New castle tramway. Mrs. DULLING, news-agent, Young-street, Carrington, will act as agent for the Herald and Advocate in future, vice Mrs. Lawson resigned. ST. VINCENT'S SPECTRESCOPE and D'Arcy - Read's Ghost in the Victoria Theatre to night. Fred. Foster will also give some of his wonders of ventriloquism. THE THEATRE.--The Star Minstrels con- cluded a very poorly patronised season on Saturday, and the company left for Maitland yesterday. To-night, D'Arcy Read's Ghost will be exhibited for the first time. LE ROI EST MORT! VIVE LE ROI!--A great commercial transfer takes place to-day in Newcastle. The "consideration," we learn, involves a good slice out of a million pounds. WELL DESERVED PROMOTION.- All the many friends-and their name is legion--of Sub-inspector Brennan, the local police offi cial, will be glad to hear that he has been promoted to the rank of Inspector, the pro motion to date from August 26th. Mr. Brennan has been stationed in Newcastle for about thirteen months, and, upon the retire ment of Inspector Thorpe on pension, took charge of the Newcastle district. By his universal tact and courtesy, Mr. Brennan has made himself extremely popular, so that his promotion will be heard of with pleasure. MESSRS. J. CREER AND SON report hav- ing sold privately, on Saturday, 12 blocks of land at Mayfield, Waratah, for £660, and by auction in the afternoon one allotment in Lindsay-street, Hamilton, for £105; also brick house, Maitland-road, Islington, for £300. During the last month business in the land market has been very much brisker, and the auctioneers are led to believe from the enquiries, etc., that a much greater im provement will be noticeable during the next month. EFFECTS OF SUNSTROKE.-A railway porter, named David Broderick, was before the local Bench, on Saturday, as a person deemed to be of unsound mind. The man was found on Friday afternoon on the reserve within a few yards from the edge of the cliff with a revolver in his possession, with which he threatened to take his life. A fellow-porter and Dr. C. W. Morgan deposed that Broderick had told them that he had a severe sunstroke some years ago, from which he had not thoroughly recovered. Medical evidence was given, and the unfortunate man was ordered to be sent to Gladesville Asylum. GOOD TEMPLAR'S FUNERAL.-- Yesterday afternoon the remains of Sister Kate Marlow, late member of the Alexander Hutchison Lodge 87 of Good Templars, were interred in the Sandgate Cemetery. The mournful cor- tege left the Benevolent Asylum, Parry-street, Newcastle, shortly after 3 o'clock, many of the members of the Lodge attending in full regalia. The deceased, who had been a con sistent Good Templar for a long time, had been a great sufferer from consumption, to which fell disease she succumbed on Friday last. The funeral service was performed by the Rev. C. Whyte, M.A., of the Congrega- tional Church, Brown-street, Newcastle. BLUE RIBBON.-A Saturday evening a well-attended meeting of the Blue Ribbon Temperance Society was held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, King-street, the president, Mr. Joseph Creer, M.L.A., in the chair. As usual, the chairman delivered a stirring ad dress in favour of total abstinence, and re minded the audience of the United Temper ance Demonstration on the Prince of Wales. Birthday. The following programme was then gone through :-Songs by Miss Sheed, Mr. Corrigan, and Mr. T. King; recitation from Miss Grahame; address by Rev. John Gardiner, and selections of music by the choir. At the close of the meeting several persons signed the pledge. SPIELERS AT WORK. - From inquiries instituted by the police in connection with the recent passing of counterfeit £1 bank notes at Wallsend and Hamilton, it appears that Mr. George Stuart, of Wallsend, re ceived the spurious note from a bookmaker at the handicap last week in payment of a betting transaction. He did not ascertain the man's name, nor could he easily recognise him, as he had bets on with other "bookies," and therefore did nob take much notice of the swindler's appearance. Those who are in the habit of having betting transactions during betting events with Sydney spielers would do well to examine the money they receive, else they may find themselves duped by imitation notes, as where there is one there are invariably a number in circulation. COULDN'T GET TO G.-In the Insolvency Court. the other day, in the matter of Henry Glasbrook, the insolvent, in reply to an in quiry, informed the Court that his surname was Glasbrook; but, as he was unable to write a "G," he had always signed as "Henry Lasbrook." The Court subsequently had an opportunity of seeing the insolvent sign his name, and his style of writing was such as to negative the assertion he had made of in ability to write a "G." An officer of the Court ventured to advise the insolvent to cultivate his ability for writing so as to sign his name in accordance with the spelling of it. The insolvent again asserted his in ability to write a "G," but he was told that his ability to write was such that the proper formation of any letter was not beyond his power. IMPROVEMENTS.-Some extensive improve ments for the convenience of commercial travellers and their customers are being made by Mr. Henry Buchanan at the rear of the Criterion Hotel, Hunter-street. The im provements consist of ten large and well ventilated sample-rooms, each apartment being fitted with a largo skylight, by which it is splendidly lighted. Around the rooms are three tiers of broad shelves for the dis play of the goods, while the work has been done in so thorough a manner as to reflect credit upon Mr. Buchanan, who has superintended the work himself. Along the front of the sample-rooms to the inside edge of the footpath a miniature tramway has been laid down, upon which a small trolly will be run for the carriage of goods to and from the rooms. The improvements will be completed shortly, and will be worthy of inspection by the commercial public. PRETTY Washing Prints for 4½d per yard at Scott and Aird's. 1721 SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-- We regret to learn that a serious accident occurred yesterday to Mr. George Bell, storekeeper, Lambton. It appears that Mr. Bell, with two of his sons, was driving in a sociable. When in the neighbourhood of Sandgate Cemetery the king-bolt of the vehicle gave way, and the shaft fell, frightening the horse, which immediately bolted. The vehicle was capsized, and the occupants were thrown out with much force, the result being that Mr. Bell was severely injured about the head, while one of his sons was much injured about the face. Assistance was lent by some passers by, and Dr. Nash, of Wallsend, having been sent for, applied the usual remedies in order to bring Mr. Bell to consciousness. It was, however, about an hour and a half before the patient rallied. A cart was obtained from Hexham, and he was conveyed from the scene of the accident. Concussion of the brain is feared, and Mr. Bell lies in a critical condition. FASHIONABLE Dressmaking at Scott and Aird's. 1709 Severe classical attire is the latest fancy among Parisian fashionables anxious for novelty. Several aristocratic beauties are having their portraits taken in proper Roman costume, even to boskius on their feet, and their hair arranged "a la Titus." 