ifOUTH AND HEAI1T. A SEBMON by tbO Itcv. 'C. II. SPURGEON. _ confess with thy month the Lord '?Ii. and thalt bellcvo In . thine heart that Cod JlSratad HI® from the dead, thoa ahalt be „,,d."-B«®a»> CTot worn was esvlne nonln TO. few olse . 'Si.'Eaatoir. he never forgot " by. all means to " " Whatever else ho aimed at In Ms eptatiot, PSi'took care 10 to write that men might by Ms L\3cteWto the Lord Jeans. Ho aenght so to SSrtittroabledeonsclcnccs might come to peace, Snneli Jesas Christ Ms Lord, whom he loved so well. Knn. of the reasons why he so often gives ns H fir condensations of the gospel, packing tho truth KB a /.m-v closely. Ho know that these are very nfi avfoMnd so he prepared them for his brethren, as BH S nMrf'cs for travellers portab'c meats or condensed « IV l hcn the reader flnds n compact sentence of H Sort, he has met with a little Bible-. miniature Ki K7 Divinity, heboid the whole story of redeeming Hi , Vu.nt la a line or two, easy to bo understood, Iffl IKJ remembered, calculated to impress. He 53 ,i,ort and striking summaries of gospel W £ h mw be work ng as effectively for the salvation of Si !fn sTanothcr who delivers earnest, pleading dls- MS in this chapter Paul has sevorat times put M S nsnil lo a remarkably plain, simple, olid brief m He Is Die roaster of co.Mcnsuthra i and $3 ® , It'll a ipcclmcn of his power, lie here gives the S Si of station In ft H»e op ao 44 If thou ahalt con- 5 L. wilh thy mouth the Lord Jesus, ond ahalt believe g S thine heart thut Qod hath raised Him from the dead, H Twtbt0bprcan<h'ln tlio sarao fipl.lt in which Taut m aiming from my first word to my last at the con- Si «MJoa of any of you who have not 3 et known the Lord, jgjj , ttlat vc may all mean business at tills time, aud SicivretaiUiudowoiJfiht earnest. May you by deter- Bi cinea to come to the point, and no longer lied. ate. K So gad 1 should be If any would say to themselves, BH 1. 1 W|ii run in tho way, if 1 can but sea it. I will Iny ggf wj cf that which is put before me, If I may but grasp Si 1L 1 will beiiwtc and UJfle no longer, bat I will deal SB n:CBnly with solemn matters, so that this day I way Sra ltd peace with God." Ill am not going to enter into any profound cxposi- fil tl'D cf tile deep things of God, but I shall keep to those Bf t'iplc matters through which salvation comes to plain IB men ind women. Oh that the Spirit of God urny bless H cr words to the immediate conversion of my hearers ! HI 1. 1 shall want you to notice in our text, first tlt&t; BH tic pcsp:l, os Paul here sets forth, is a gospel of faith ; KB icd this gospel of faith is evidently Intended for lost BR p-p Observe, ha snith, "If thou ahult believe in Si thisc heart that God hatli raised Ilior from the dead Wlfccashftltbosarcrl" When Moses wrote tho law he 111 ,?1ie open obedience to the command as securing life : aS forbciiiih," this do and thou shalt live." It was prc-sap- 9f3 reiedby tlr law that those to whom thel&w; came already Hgf ro.jaitiliifc; uml the fuIHllin;; of the law did but pro- fi| tare them In the life which they already possessed. We Bum! in the tlfth rciso of this chapter, "For Moses £ icscribctn the righteousness which is of the law. That Bjra ite man which docth those things shall lire by them." 3s Ton see, the law continues life to those who have already are lift enough to do good work. Tho gospel comes to Bg u under quite another aspect — it does not regard us BBS living life, but as needing that life. The gospel comes Ha to as not as to tenants who need to bo told bow they jam irc to condone to live ; but as to dead sinners who need jKa tote made to hre,a»d then to be kept alive and preserved H in happy and holy being. The gospel soith not only that is|g it dull lire by it, but that we auall be saved by it, Bi vbithirosise goes much lower and further. When it jBpf Is siii that wc shall" he saved." It implies that wc hare se| fallen into a lost, ruined, and undone condition, and out Kg of til, lie gospel Is to rescue us. Egjfl h u well to aUrt fairly iu preaching the gospel, by Kg declariog p aluly to whom this gospel is sent. It Is scut jg la jcsw&o; need it— it is sent, therefore, to you who 9 are lost ; because, if you two not lost, yon do not want BBS sarisg. If you have not fallen yon do not need rtstor- Bl fc|>; if you have not sinned you do not need forgiving ; B not far off from God you do not require to be Bgucoght D'gh by tho blood of ' Christ. The gospal of |H n'ri'Joa i« sent to those who are under the curse of the Blur ami coTidtmued to-pay its penalties. What a yoy- Rfl no:c this is, llcar it, yo bioken- hcnrted,' and be BE Qcoaraged. To you wc proclaim the free gift of HI Gri. B Some fancy that we aro to prench to yon n milder W kind of Lw, a more easy way of works, an umended dls- Hpitudm; but, en the contrary, we prcuch to you not B but gifts, not law but love. Out gospel is iu BT(r7ta<l goou news. We arc come to tell men not that they arts to do for God, but what God has done for B| Wo tpeak not of wliut men arc to bring to Jesus, tut of what Jesus has brought to thein, and has freoiy B aai graciously put lot-ward for'thelr acceptance. Listen, Bd. ye who need saving — this Look is for you; B «e Christ whom this book reveals Is for you ; the B|Spmof Gcil who bears witness to Cnrist is lor. you. B Te &<dhy, ye ficlf-condcuincd, yc utterly dls- B ktuttnei. It is to such as you that the risen Saviour Is B pnached to-Jav. . B Jwai comcj to bring salvation. What a great word Bf h that The test cays tho believer shall 4? be saved H ,l! fl w6rU fr Is ttcri.but it is a greut word for BBneiBlngj. What is it to bosaved? It mcftnsto be B dTwlfioto the puhis'.jmunt of all your sins— saved from H51i #nlnl0,,lv llir» bltvcd from tbt blackncs3 .of B 'or »-ter, taved from the everlasting -wrath of M tec Jioit High, saved from tho sccend death .whose HW"» of hcIL Whosoever confesseth the H Ju\a"d bclltYcih that God hathrulsedhlm from B Ss gir sftvtf0m l10 P-,,nl conscqueuces of B yu s!,n he saved from sin itself. The BH ®®-o«hy and guilt of it shall be removed ; from it .lwI!,a¥ft,bcWMll«d whiter than snow. TTtc sin BSi. 1 , cl c.'0Ul,» »s well ns tho tempest with B.!, , , 'J, of'arRtd, tball bo removed, even as it Is Rirll. ' » "llve -blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy m ,!ls> n» ft cloud, thy sins." Wo preach 6 i.lfr ' u®l'vep|diCJ fivra the punishment,'' but doilver- B ini./IV.i tt'hjotorif— < del.vorauce from the charge H ili?"Sn c woald "c "kolnst tho troiis- H SS SSi. ' s''a11 1,0 blolt'-d ouc '0 Um coso ol B im'iM t 1 onA P slla11 bo forKiven ami justllktl— B »mVwT. Ho® which the luiv couM H him .!?» 1 V , Hluhtcouficjs olmlt -bo Imjmtta to BtttMdrf.i I ''Hoooooss of. the Lord Jesus, who Is Hvi t.-i? .. for ri(;htcou«nesj to cvoiVoim that B alilifi,. 1, . . 'P" oooHos with the mouth ond hollcvo Bin's It 1 Horvl Jesus lahall ho made of <Kd Brri'tmvi!. m ' ''Bl'tcouaucss, sancililcatlon, and H to th. ,t. -,c oooHsslne tcllcvcr shall Lc dclliercd B Were tsf i , i S,D, onii "e sha" J""ia ooeoptod K Jr« tiic judgment scat of God. ito,'tliJt0,1|,a.in'ln5J,!f; my M:eon Pint. wh'ch 1. 1 J'lM ilta' lf i im" ooooonis Itself only about Hajteit i.ii . /ead t0 3:011 the connection of B ifiaketh ,1 t!l? ousness which is of faith H 'halt s.-rnj '"O' 'y not in tk'oo heart, wno Hnfam etan """ b"S Clirlat B'tajillisti. .a! . ' , ' 3iiu" descend into tho 8 Hat wliatValth It'v 1? Up '!aln fra tlie dQatH ? sod !i .1 ll,'c worl1 is nis'' thcc, o»on In thy H : tUllt l5. tho word o! faith, i»'»thtlie,,?i>,; "'at II thon slmlt confess with thy B 'In OoJ . ?, ",mlt bL'"0TC '» 'Moo heart Bfeutei" Hm ,rora Ul d0"d. ahalt M lUelf wholly 7SS0. 1 ? fl!UI' wlllch alTe'. concerns m ork 01 Mi whom r I K ?r o,u? person und eraclous S3 miob,m i'PJS ,G,ud l'ais=d from the dead Within K kind ol till! ?, Gothsemane, and tire right 8 Wilt h »hsr. t .. Is 0 apkero of the sinner's tallli. 8UtWlen,i»ciil«L ' ."D i , aJks 1,0 widli1' ""Ea 8 WH, ' Who j,ln ' . deal" wllh 'acta. Unbelief g 'tai ioo ,l,ab'\l aaccnd iatohoarenf Who .hall do- BWMoai.sho t, ..?' . Unkcllef: is always siartng H UJtiu ClnlJt ii' , Glaant sflca with the simple gospol H«Sstiour. oJimJ c S domanda another Saviour, or m He »snii . , ''c'lra- She doas not knoir what H'la It!, ' V|10 Will show u» any good? Haktnf UoMiId 1 n t,IB Hep"1'. "Ho any- B Jcor notion. Thl, sisn t very alle"llvc ear to every J" i»'t ferrptMt ??,. ? novel doelrlno, another B'dler-skehcr im, 1 a-frcali Idea, and unbelief goes a ,nd Hiat. She hear, voices B H'ls tared S a ' P.1? " on<! Uit» allly bird i '/Plunge, lntn tt.i i . Dlca away to" tho hills, S v.001 U®e .ho H «?n»V 5 ?nd ,he Premised good. 1 jT'ihli in desndir "i 'notl":r ,bc Is PcsiimUm or .optimism, or souio H with. TU1 cbarm hor, but shs will notkacp to B hi!" 1. s0u4aho,Mv.n'''Jd,i '''? 'akes her ttand wlioro B !t <n. Is It not " aalvotlon Is aiiywhero It Is all the end. "rn.'t Look «"'» Mo and bo yo n o of ilia earth, for X am God, aud there la none else '1 She bows before Jem at Ilcth- lehora and . sea hope In HlsincarnntloS. Sbe travmlcs the Holds of Judea with Jesus, and 6ces hooe in site ("n i ' H,U'0r Hearted lover of souls. She goes with lllm to iscthsotnone, and views iiim covered with the bloody Sh"lbC,'; l,at<',Md i'"im there. She sees Him die upon the accursed tree, and she a ays, " My life Cru! ",m 8avod| 1 must be aired here." llhi ,h.1Ui the tomb, she watehoo and beholds ivitll fnV "t" 01 i rls" sll c,aps ''ands Sim iaaL she aces nod immortality Iu llhn. She looks up yonder to tho throna ol the Most lli..),: rllrti oah t nrcc B ,or tiansgressors Hint the f 'l"0 among them. She understands thnt He I , carrying on a nohlo enterprise, which will "d heSr Ml!0"1' UntT,Ct0rJ' aud aha " All our Immortal hopes are laid In llice, onr Surety and our Head- ; Thy cross. Thy cradle, nod Thy throne, i ' Arc big with glories yet unknown." " Faith's resolve Is to look only to Jesus, hsr God. for oho Is persuaded that besllo lllm tlicro la none else. . You SPTff' mP d"?r friend, when you come to that point. « hen Jesus Is all your salvation and all your d stro th- work of grace has oegnn in you. Jesus Is your lions' and yon bare come to tbo right conclusion about Ilim When you are reso.vcd never to glean In any other fl jhl. You wi 1 be satisfied now that you have determined to drink waters only from His fountain, and to bo satisfied only from His table. The faith which eaves Is not dreamy. Do you not notice how uubelief here dreams of skies and eeas, and ail Immeasurable tilings ? Who shall ascend Into heaven: n hat a picture !. Imagination is at work: she behold: her mighty merits trailing tho everlasting ramparts— she dtats upon her droarn. If shs hoars a discourse she only csres for the oratorv ol It. " What a serin on thnt man pic ichod I How full of poairy 1" sha must huvo something high and lofty, nothing com monplace will suit hor. At another time, when she Is heavy, her dream is of a wretched diver into tho deep seas of anguish, plunging down mto tils abyss to find tho pearl ot peace. Imagination rabies In the tonl' des pondency, despair, frenzy, and madness, ond many foolish ones hope in these to Hod a ransom, Faith has done with tiicso Arabian nights, for she has donB wllh Shinl. She dreams no. more, for perfectly healthy men have done with creams'. With open eye faith reads facts. Sha dwells on what Jesus did and suffered. She rtlLcu thai 11c died, He rose, again, and is gone into the glory Tacts, not fiction arc Iter solace. Sho accepts matters of history, not flginenU of imagina tion. Something actually tione; something really ac complished, faith requires and accepts. Th# weight of sin is no: to be bornu by theories ; the enormous load of buumn guilt is not to bo sustained by speculations. Only actual transactions can meet our dire necessity, and these we fiud;!n. Jesus Christ the revelation of God. III. The third point of our discourse Is, that savin" faith has a confession to nuke—" If tbou shalt con fess wltli thy mouth the Lord Jusus, aud shuli LcIIctc ln thine heart that God hath raised lllm from the dead, thou ahalt be saved." OLserro here, tbat this confession Is put first. 1 suppose it Is because. Paul wus quoting from the thirtieth chapter of the Look of Douieronomy, and ha had, of course, to place the words as Mosjs arranged them In the passage quoted. Yet there must bo other reasons. Possibly the coii- itss.on of the Lord <esus unto salvation is put first hero bccuuse.lt is most .likely to be forgotten. >Vc have plenty of preaching of " Believe and live," ftud I do no: condemn it, but still, strictly speaking, it Is incom plete. When our Lord bade Iiis'serrftuta go forth and preach Ho said— ' lie that bolloveth' and is baptised shull bo caved." Now, bnptlsm Is the confession of our tiildi. i distantly iu Scripture tho faith to which sal vation is promised Is a faith whlclrmakcs a' confession of itself. It is never a dumb faith; it Is u faith : that speaks, a faith which owns Its own existence; ay, a faith which owns the Lord Intho tcoth of adversaries. Wo must contess C'hr.st beforo men, or wa may not beiieve that we have tbo faith of Uod'a elect. Tue apostle mentions It first here because it is so often put into the background, and this is . a great causo of stumbling, lie mentlous Jt first, also, because it is first as inr as our fellow-creatures arc concerned. Hew can I know what you bellcvo iu your heart ? I mutt first hear what yea confess with your mouth, ad inquirer comes to me to join the church, or to be ack nowledged as a Chrlstbn; I cannot begin with his heart; 1 have no means of reading Ills thoughts. I say to him, " Speak, that 1 may see you." If he confesses with his mouth the Lord Jesus Christ, ho has done wuat, in the order of practical religion, must lead the way towards friend aud foe. Let me add that, in a certain sens?, confession with tho mouth Is actually first iu the man. Many persons never receive in their hearts tho comfort , of , Christ's resurrection, because they have never with their mouth confefecd'the Lord Jtsus us their Saviour and 'Master. The Lord will not giro to you the warmth of faith which cheers the heart uulc'ss you arc willing to yield to llim the obedience of faith by taking up your cross aud coming out and confessing liiui. ' Notice wnat it Is that is to lc confessed— 4>Thc Lord Jesus." by which 1 gather that It is osseutlal to salva tion tuat a man confess the Lcity of Christ. I would nut Le uncharitable to uny body ; hut I never can, us a cciievcr in the Word of Ucd, expect to see a man saved who denies the Godhead of his saviour, He puts himself out of court, he rejects that part oi the ltcdoi-mer's cnaructcr which is essential to'iils being a Saviour. If uny man would be saved he must believe that Jesus Christ is both Lord and God. Ag.. in, you must confess tliat Jesus Clirist Is Lord— that Is, Kuier aud master. You must cheerfully become ills disciple, follower, and servant. . Yeu must confess, —"lie is my Master, lie is my Lord, I lulend to be a soldier under ilim ; llo shall bo to me Leader and. CummHUdur; God has made lihu such, and I accept liimas such.? , Wo arc to confess the Lord Jesus, toe.- That means the fiaviour,- wholius cmno'io safe His people from their sins. If you would be suved by Ilim, you must own Him as the Messiah, seut of- God, to lead His people out of their ruin ..into "cturbal 'salvation,'. The .Lord com mands you to confess ilim hi that character,/ and. pro-; mucs w aucli u believing confessor that ho shall be saved. Without slick vpcu couftssioni'thero .is no promise.. . c . Note how very definite is tlic confession. . Somebody says, 44 Well, I will bslhve in tho Lord .Jesus. -Christ, and I wlil try and act up to my faith." Ho so by all menus; but this will not fulfil the demand of the tcx. it is t.ue your life is a cbu(essJon,-aud the mora pure it is (lie mote cxcclleut it. is (U'a. profession. Still, the dulug oi ono duty does not- exempt' us from another. Tlie confession required by. the text is expressly sold to be " with thy mouth." » ;l dare not- alter the fc'crlp- turo. Ho not blame me ; I did not wi ito tho words. 'Jhcro they arc : — r If thou aha|f with' thy mouth con fess the Lord Jesus." You am. vocally, to own Jesus; you are definitely and distinctly to say with your touguo, your mouth, youttUps; that Uc'lsyour Lord and buvlour. It is. not; to,- be- aa Inference Urnwn.Jn skoncofiom your life, but a ' decldicd statement of the mouth. What other meahlnz can my text .hare but that? If the aposile meant that we were to. obey the Lord Jesus Chnst'uid . might render ho other confes sion, lie would liaro said ad. ' Why did he say , 44 with thy mouth.'Mf ho did uot require a spoken confession V Tho mod# of confession- to ifbich .the promlso of salva tion is given is clearly set forth in these words— 44 Thou slmlt confess with thy mouth." , Why Is this V saith one.- Well, first because I believe (hut confession with tuo mouth Is a sort of breaking away from the worlds Wheu a man says with' his mouth, "l-bellevcUn tho Lord f Jesus Christ," U is as good as ssyi.ig to.tho worlJ, 4l-havo dono with yom ihoso round about will conclude that tho man has broken loore froui lili'old habit., and ha. como right away from tho nnbaUcTlng worlu, Ythcn Iha man with the witUcrcd arm was In the synagogue our Lord did nor take hlin into tho ;co>ncr and heal him; but Ho .aid, " Stand forth." Ho stood right out in tho mMdlo of tho cvtigregatlon, and when he stood forth then tlib Lord .aid, " Stretch forth thine huno:" ond ho dld.o. Dear ooektr, you .land out. You come away from your old companion, ami sinful connections, and 6ay, ' ' 1 am for . Christ. He Is in) Saviour, and 1 am His follower." He requires this con fession of you that you tuny thus be cut loose Horn the world which lletn in the wicked one. IV. Time would full mo If 1 wore t; dwell longer ou this polut, important as it Is. Hot us now notice, iu tho fourth place, that Irnth has great comfort to otiios-. She has truth of which she must speak with Her mouth : but sho has also facts which she ponders iu her heart. The text saith, " W Rh thy heart be! eve that God hath raised UHu from the dead. I hls doos not only mean that you'balleve the fact that tho Lonl Jeans hoi been raised from tho dead— I oupposo every body hero believes ln our Loida resurrection— but wo mnst .0 beUevc It that It warm a and comtorta our llC\Vhy, my dear brethren, Is aalvotlon promised hero especially to a belief with tho heart that God hath raised Christ from the dead .la not our Wh'obo lUed upon tho deqth of Christ rather than upon the rcanrrcctlon of Christ? I answer, It Is probably here stated because In the resurrcellon ol onr Hojd.<dJ tb rest of His history is Implied and lncludod. If Ho was raised from tho dead, then llo must have died. If lie died, then Ho must hove becu a man, and b. been bom Into the world, In mentioning that u raised our Lonl from the dead, the apostle line really ! mentioned all the great redeeming work of Jesuc, sinco all the oilier items are iuvolvcd therein. Moreover, the rising from tlw dead is not only fn- u '?» 16 Iest« ut cotllrmatory of the wnole. jj»y raising Him from the dead the Father gave con firmation of the mission of His Son. He sec lit# seal tipon ills person ns divlue; upon HU olllce, as com missioned of God to be tho Messiah ; upon His life as well pleasing, and upon His death as LeJng accepted ?Ii atonement. Therefor# the Most High taised him from the dead, that He might be declared to op the bon oi God with power, and that in and through Ilim bellevors might be justified. We should not have had firm ground for our fuith ln Jesus if the ;»! of re surrection had uot been set to His work ; but now, when we believe in tho 5cal, we believe also in that which is sealed. Hie resurrection is the seal of all that our Lord Is and docs; aud believing in this with our heart, wc btllevo iu that which bring# salvation m?»5C.0i,rcr'. J"/ rcsun-cctlun of Christ from tho dead Is » ? ! ' '"lai re""15 which are to be believed in tftv heart, because If. is the source of the heart's best comfort. "Look," says the bili.rer, 14 lam by nature a poor lost sinner, but 1 shall not be destroyed for ever rf 1?? m?r SavI10ar1and surety has been ra sod from fro ma n aalyntlon lies In lllm. I am delivered re??rrinM 'S 1IilD' sco ®F justlllcollon in Ills resurrection, because Jesus lives 1 have an unfulllng friend, to whom f fly j because God raised Ulm irom the doad, and so bare witness that He accepted llim, therefore 1 know that 1 tun ncccptcd In lllm. If I lay iKld.upon that righteousness whlcl.|God has occe'.ted. I am accepted In It. u dear friends, when a sinner knows that his salvation docs not lie In himself at all. but wholly ln ChrUt, then he discovers the great sec er. The point is to see Jesus dying for onr sins and to see o:u selves dend In Hm; to ace Jesus risen from tbo Clave, #n«i oui selves riicn iu ilim; to see Jesus accepted of God, and ourselves thcrc:ovo ncoepted iu Ulm. The Lord Jesus is the object of our trust, and not ourselves. W c are in lllm, and as he Li so ure wo. Wo shall rise to glory because He rose to glory, and we shall dwell ,IIa d'"lla I" heaven; Union to S! -?/""1?"110." of h '',c' 01>. '<> "re Christ 1 Tho dSfllcuUy is to wrench \ou uway from yoursslves— this needs a miracle of crrov I know whew you aro-you .are saying, 4«i do not'feel ; I can not do/' Ac. Shs, this is not tho point in hand; the ground of salvation Is in Jesus, and notJn the sinner. To ste salvation, we must mark what Christ accom plished, and specially we must mark in our heart that the Lord Jesus was raised from the doail, and then wo shall bo comforted, because the resurrection of the Saviour is the assurance of the completion of His atoning work. He who would have sure hope must fix his faith upon Jesus living, Jesus crucified. Jc>us risen, Jesus ascended, Jesua soon to come. How tills cujht to chccr those of you who are near detpalr ! How it shoutd encourage thoso who lie at death's door I You groan our, i never can be saved " Why not? If Christ died and rose again, what then? If this bo the ground of solvation, and thou believest it to be the fact, hold on to it, and never let it go Never let thy heart doubt tho well-witnessed fact that God hath raised Jesus from the dead, plead thou the promise of our text in life, and in the dying hour, and cry, 44 0 Lord, Thou hast said that if with my mouth I confess tlie Lord Jesus, and with my heart bellcvo that Thou hast robed Him from the dead,! shall be sav.d. Lord, X make the confession, aud iuy heart also believes; 1 beseech thee,- therefore, todo as thou hast said, and save me." This plea can never fall. ' V. So now 1 finish with the truth that faith has a sure promisclo test upon. "If thou believest in thine heart tbut God hath raised Him from the dead, thou shalt ba saved." Thou"— Who is that? This is thyself. It is the man who with his mouth confesses, and with his heart believes. Dear friend, it means you. John, Thomas, Sarah, Jane, where are you? D.'d I hear you "cry, 44 1 have no merits of my own ; I have no good feelings ; I have nothing of my own thnt lean rcjoico- in ; 1 feel myself to be utterly lost." Listen 1 44 it ihou shalt with thy auutli confess the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe itt thine heart that God hath rabedilim from ttic dead, thou shalt be saved." The singular pronoun 44 thou," sots Its mark upon you. Put thine car to this telephone; a voice speaks to thee. God ont of Heaven is spcakiug straight down the telephone into thine car— 44 Thou sb< be saved." - 44 Da; Ism almost damned." If thou dost confess and bsllevc, "Thou shalt be saved." 44 Alas! I mast give up.ln dfspalr." Yet the promise is to the coutrarv. 44 But I am the blackest shiner out of hell." Still the promise Js to thee— "if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe In thine heart that God hath raised Hun from the dead, thou lu!t lis saved." ' 1 cannot come down from my pulpit, nud run round to oil tho pews, but, oli, I wish 1 could look each of you In the face, and press your hnndj and soy, " Dear frltnd, the text saith 4 thou.'" Brother, sister, it sp:ak to thee.- Youth, child, or grey-headed old man, who ever thou mayeit b.-, tho textsalth that If thoubeUevcst <4tUou shaltbe saved." | Observe mo total absence of ,4lfa" and' "buts." It is uot 44 thou nmyeat bo saved," but 44 thou shalt be | saved." When God the Holy Ghost anys/' shall," there ' Is solidity in it. But thou saye»t, 441 am afraid." 1 Afraid of what?" 'Darest thou' question the tmthfuinuss ! of God? When God says btiall," what can you lc ! afraid of? If I were to say 44 ahull," yeu would receive it as a proof of my fixed intent," but you would kuow that there Is only my poor puny arm to carry it out. But when God says 44shull," omnipotence Is engaged. He that made heaven and earth, and shakes them with tils i nod, lie who creates oni destrovs, lie says, 44 shall;" and who can stand against JHs'wlU? Devils !n licll go howling back to their dous when tney hear sreu tho whisper of a sholl" from God. i -There. never was, and there never will be, anion .that with tsls mouth confessed the Lord Jesus, and with his , heart bclievot that God raised Him from the deadi that was not 8vcd. Among- nil iho multi tudes to sluk to. bell, there is.no. confessing believer, and no believing confessor. 1 dare uot part the con- fesslon-and - the faith, for God hath joined them together. Thu mouth and the heart arc equally need ful to a living body and a living soul. Open confession and secrot belief— these together make up the casting of yourself upqn tlio Lord Jesus-tbo full surrender to the Saviour— and that is tho great savliig act. - Dost thou cast' thyself, sink or swim, on whut Jesus bus doce? Thcu ihoa shalt be saved, else am I a I Inr unto you; and what is- far worse, this holy Book Is a liar too, and the Spirit of God hath borne false witness. This can ncror bo. I hare no hope this morulng bu. wliut is' compassed in this verso. With iny mouth I do again confess the Lord Jesus, for I believe Him to be very God. of very God, my Master, my All. Moreover, la my heart 1 do verily and assuredly believe that God rahbi Ulm from tlie dead, anil 1 am glad of it; it com forts 'and Joy.s me. . .i ./ ' 1 Ho lives, the great Redeemer lives ; ... ...What joy the blest nsstu'uuce gives I! - . I shall bo saved. I know I shall; I dare not doubt it. because God's word plainly says so. 1 have the same confidence concerning tLo po< r.st old woman in this house as'l have about, myself; if. she confesses and believes, ( she is savod as 1 nth. Tho wickedest rufllans and; most wantcn harlots, If they will do as the text directs, sitall. also bo saved, litis gospel Is not denied the vilest cf Um vile. 0 my friend, It is not denied to you. Thfs'is tbo ship which has carried thousands to heaven. We who go on board shall get to heaven by it., If it could go down, wo should all stnk together; but as it finals safely, wo will all sail together to the Fair lUvcus. There is no second vessel on this 'Hoe; and there Is'ho other line. This ono chartered barque of salvation by, a confessing faith now lies at tbo quuy. Como on board i Como on board at onco 1 God holp you to como on board at this rery moment, for Jesus Christ' sako I Ainen. Publications. Publications. ' I 