UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL, CHAPTER XV1IL THE MISTfieSS OF HBTHEBQIiEN. BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author o{ "Jacobi's Wife," " Martin Deveril's Diamond." &c.; Huso "Shall Luttrell. 1 go, or shall I not go?" meditated He was lying on a broad, comfortablelooking lonnge in one of the luxurious rooms which he usually occupied when he stayed for any length of time in London. He had been smoking a dainty, perfumed cigarettehe very seldom smoked anything except cigarettes—bat he held it absently between his fingers, and finally let it drop, while he read and re-read a letter which his servant had juBt brought to him. Nearly two years had passed since Richard Luttrell's death; years which had left their mark upon Hugo in many ways. The lines of his delicately beautiful dark face had .grown harder and sharper, and perhaps on this aoconnt, .he had a distinctly older look than was warranted by his two-and- twenty years. There were worn lines about his eyes, and a decided increase of that subtlety of expression which gave something of an Ori a man'now, but hardly a man whom one would have found it easy to trust. The letter was from Angela Vivian. She bad.written at Mrs, LnttrelTs request to ask Hugo to pay them ajvisit. Mrs. Luttrell still occupied the house at Netherglen, and she seemed .anxious for an interview with her nephew, Hugo had not seen her for many months; he had left Scotland almost immediately after Brian's departure, with the full intention of setting foot in. it no more. But he had then considered himself tolerably prosperous. Brian's death had thrown a shade over his prospects. He could no longer count upon a successful application to Mr. Colquhoun if he were in difficulties, and Brian's £6,000 melted before his requirements like enow before an April snn. He had already squandered the greater part of it, he was deeply in debt; and he had no relation upon whom he could rely for assistance— aniens it were Mrs. Luttrell; and Hugo had a definite dislike to the thought of asking Mrs. Luttrell for money. It was no more than a dislike, however. It was an unpleasant thing to do, perhaps, but not a thing that he would refrain from doing. If necessary. Why should not Mrs. Luttrell be generous to her nephew ? Possibly she wished to make him her heir; possibly she would offer to pay his debts ; at any rate he could not afford to decline her help. So he must start for Netherglen next day. "Netherglen! They are still there," he said to himself, as he stared moodily at the eheet of black-edged note-paper, on whUh the name of the house was stamped in small black letters. " I wonder that they did not leave the place. I should bave done so if I had been Aunt Margaret. I would give a great deal to get out of going to it myself!" A sombre look stole over his face; his hand clenched itself over the paper that he held; in spite of the luxurious warmth of the room he gave a little shiver. Then he rose and bestirred himself; his nature was not one that impelled him to dwell for very long upon any painful or disturbing thought. He gave his orders about the journey for the following day, then dreBsea and went out, remembering that he had two or three engagements for the evening. The season was nearly over, and many people had left London, but there seemed little diminution in the number of guests, who were struggling up and down the wide staircase of a house at which Hugo presented himself about 12 o'clock that night, and he missed very few familiar faces amongst the crowd aa he . nodded greetings to his numerous acquaintances, " Ah, Luttrell," said a voioe at his ear, " I -was wondering it J should see you. I thought you might be off to Scotland already." " Who told you I was going to Scotland ?" said Hugo. The dark shadow had crossed his face again; if there was a man in England whom at that time he cordially disliked it was this man—Angela's brother Rupert Vivian. He did not know why, but he always had a preBage of disaster when he saw that highbred, impassive face beside him, or heard the modulation of Vivian's quiet, musical voice. Hugo was superstitious, and he firmly believed that Rupert Vivian's presence brought him ill-lack. "Angela wrote to me that Mrs. Luttrell was inviting you to Netherglen. I was going there myself, but 1 have been prevented. A relation of mine in Wales is dying, and has seat for me, so I may not be able to get to Scotland for some weeks." " Sorry not to see you. X shall be gone by the time you reach Scotland, then," responded Hugo, amiably. "Yes." Rupert looked down with a reflective air, "Come here, will you?" he said, drawing Hugo aside into a small curtuned recess, with a seat just wide enough for two, which happened at that moment to be empty. " I have something to aak you; there is something that you can do for me if you will." "Happy to do anything in my power," murmured Hugo. He did not like to be asked to help other people, but there was a want of assurance in Vivian's usually selfcontained demeanour which roused his curiosity. " What is it ?" " Well, to begin with, you know the Herons and Miss Murray, do you not ?" " I kuow them by name. I have met Percival Heron sometimes." " Do you know that they have returned rather urexpectedly from Italy and gone to Strathleckie, the house on the other side of the property—about six miles from Netherglen?" How's that?" " I suppose that Miss Murray thinks she may as well take possession of her estate," replied Rupert, rather shortly. " May I ask whether you are going to call ?" "Oh, yes, I shall certainly call." "Then, look here, Luttrell, I want you to do something for me," said Vivian, falling into a more friendly and confidential strain than he usually employed with Hugo. " Will you mention—in an incidental sort of way— to Mrs. Heron the reason why I have not come to Scotland ? the claim that my relation in Wales has ou me, and all that sort of thing. It is hardly worth while writing about it, perhaps; still, if it came in your way you might do me a service." Hugo was BO much relieved to find nothing more difficult required of him that he gave vent to a light laugh. Why don't you write ?" he said. " There's nothing to write about. I do not correspond with them," said Rupert, actually colouung a little beneath Hugo's long, satirical gaze. " Bat I fancy they may think me neglectful. I promised some time ago that I would run down; and I don't see how I can—until November, at the earliest. And, if you are there you may as well mention the reason for my going to Wales, or, you see, it will look like a positive slight." ''I'm to say all this to Mrs. Heron, am I? And to no one beside ?" " That will be quite sufficient." There was a slight touch of hauteur in Vivian's tone. " And, if I may trouble you with something else " " No trouble at all. Another message ?" "Not exactly. If yon would take care of this little packet for me I should be glad. I am afraid of its being crushed or lost in the post. It is for Miss Heron." He produced a little parcel, carefully sealed and addressed. It looked like a small square box, Hugo smiled as he took it in bis hand. B" Perishable ? he asked carelessly. "Not exactly. The contents are fully a hundred years old already. It is something foi Miss Heron's birthday. She is a great favourite of mine—a nice little girl." " Quite a child, I suppose ?" "Oh, of : < course. ~ One won't -be able to send her presents by and by," said Rupert, with rather an uneasy laugh. " What a pityit is that some children ever grow up! Well, thanks, Hugo; I shall be very much obliged to you. Are you going now ?" Must be moving on, I suppose. I saw old Colquhoun the other day, and he began (telling me about Miss Murray and all the ponders ahe was doing for tbe Herons. Makes believe . that the money is theirs, not her own, doesn't Bhe?" "Yes.". "Odd idea. She mnst be a curiosity. They brought a tutor with them from Italy, I believe: some fellow they picked up In the vBtreets." "He has turned out a very satisfactory one," Rupert answered coldly. " They say that he makes a capital tutor for the little boys. I think he is a favourite with all of them. He teaohep Miss Heron Italian." His voioe bad taken a curiously formal tone. It sounded as though he was disleased at something which had ocourred to Sim. Hugo thought of that tone and of the conversation many times before he left London next evening. He was rather an adept at the discovery of small myBterieB; he liked to draw conclusions from a series of small events, and to ferret out other people's secrets. He thought that he was now upon the track of some design of Vivian's, and he became exceedingly curious about it. If it had been possible to open the box without disturbing the seals upon it he would certainly have done so, but this being out of the question be contented himself with resolving to be present when it was opened, and to observe with care the cffect produced byVivian's message on the faces of Mrs. 1\. erov, Mies Heron, and Miss Murray. He reached Dunmuir (where the nearest station to his aunt's house was situated) at 11 o'clock in the morning. Mrs. Luttrell had sent the mail phaeton for him. As Hugo took the reins and glanced at the shining harness and the lustrous coats of the beautiful bays, he could not help remembering the day when the mail-phaeton had last been sent bring him from the station. Richard had then eat in the place that he now occupied, with Angela beside him; and Brian and Hugo laughed and talked in the back seat, and were as merry as they well could be. Nearly two years ago ! What changes had been seen since then! The bays were fidgetty, and would not start at once. Hugo was just shouting a hasty direction to the groom at their heads when he happened to glance aside towards the station door, where two or three persons were atanding. The groom had cause to wonder what was the matter. Hugo gave the reins a tremendous jerk, which brought the horses nearly upon their haunches, and then let them go at such a pace that it seemed as if he had entirely lost control over them. But he was a very good whip, and soon mastered the fiery creatures, reducing their mad speed by degrees to a gentle trot, which enabled the groom to overtake them, panting and red in the face, indeed, as he swung himself up behind. The groom was inclined to think that Mr. Hugo had lost his nerve for a few moments, for "his face turned as white," honest John remarked afterwards, " as if he had seen a ghost." " John," said Hugo, after driving for a good 2 miles in silence, "who was that gentleman at the station door ?" "Gentleman, sir?" "A young man—at least he seemed young —in a great-coat." " Oh!—I don't think that's a young gentleman exactly; leastways he's got grey hair. That's the gentleman that teaches at Mr. Heron's, sir; Mr. Heron, the uncle to Miss Murray that has the property now. His name's Mr. Stretton, sir. I asked Mr. Heron's coachman." " What made you ask ?" The groom hesitated and shuffled, but upon being kept sharply to the point avowed that it was because the gentleman "seen from behind" looked so much like Mr. Brian Luttrell. "Of course his face is quite diberent from Mr. Brian's, sir," he aaid hastily, noting a shadow upon Hugo's brow; " and he has grey hair and a beard, and all that, but his walk was a little like poor ]»lr. Brian's, sir, I thought." 