An English Ghost Story. Lone Iloby is again said to be haun»tting 3Il. him Atbey. and is cautillo no lit:tie ensa. tion. iSte wasetbe wie of the E utlith am. 'bw?ader to the Coaor of Feance in I5t;G, The abbey is the most hiatorie relitious liI.n, in I3ertlohire, and in one of the nparttmeat is It peculiar painting representing the folty with a toery white face and htene, drese? in tthe coif, weds, alid a implo then alloa-ed to it baronet's lady. In this idenati?l drofo, it is moettroengly averred, she has been frequently seen in one of the Ledroomis of the Abbey, with a celf-.upporting basin moving bhfore her, in which the it perpetually trying to ewash her hands, but the moet re*alrkible part of the story is that a;lt, so-called apparition al wayts ppcers in he:o negatiive, vi., the blo'c part white and the "i't p-rt hltc'l:. Tn etory, as cow itcl by the domertoes ain vil elag..-. is hat the? bet: e her sn Williem to deathi becua he oul ti lnot write withoet maoi;iuu blots, an?d a sin:ular p'rt of the tale is that e short tme ag;o, in a!tering the s!ut. ters of the tining-rooem, a. great number of rietldren' copy-hooks of the tirn of Qfleeen Citizabeti t:ero diwcovered pubhed bet"',t- the joists of the floor, some at wthich na nwered exactly to the tale u? if the child could not write a oinlle line weithout making a blot. Nleither the domesotics at thie Abbey uor the adliacent villagere will htar one word agai"st the narrative.-~Lietel Lelter inL the Phila delphia Trlfegraph. "I wIoelto know the amount of lumber re ceived at this pert annually, from the north," snid Deacon Fitch, walking up and down the s?netum with hie eyes on the carpet. "I wonder whom I had better apply to for the figures." That's an easy one," said Mr. Upton, emiling good-humoredly at his etthil' over sight of an ohbvioua ource oi information. " Sholl I riog frt the commoereinl editor ?" "Oh no, no," the Dorcou cexlaimed, mo tioning his obliging rubordinate to keep his seat: " It isn'; for the paper; the figures cro snedOd to glide me in a private investment. I vnat the ttuth." ?or. )loakin iha cabled fiom LondonI to tli Prem'i ier t th tie eftict tlhat ithe, Prince of artle., -lwho at list refused, 1?e1 twao consouited to acceptlt th honuiorary presidency-e of tht Itmperiel Contnission appointed in connectiont wiithl te Centlenial Elxhibitionto be helh in Melbourneo. 