WINDSOR CASTLE. 1 This majestic structure, the cliicf res:Jen:« of the English monarchs from the time cf M' liam the Conqueror, has been termed an emblem of the British constitution, iu its strength, it! grandeur and its antiquity. It is built on tl! summit of a hill, about 100 feet above the !e"> of the Thames, and forms a most magnificent feature in the prospect for many miles rouni Its rears its irregular walls and massive towers like a mural crown round the hrorv of a loftf ridge, waves its royal banner iu the clouds, an looks down, with a lordly air, upon tbesurrona ing world. The magnificent saloons and longccho- inegallericsof thccastio arc hung with likenesses of the beauties which graced the court o Charles II. There ore historical association connected with almost all of the courts" grey walls rise above Iho velvet turf, and' ' tho burial placo of kings. Tiro win off! facing the Thames look down upou un. mede and Magna Charta Island, where barons, on the 15th Juno, 1215, retired ro the prcssuro of Iho multitude, that they tn'8 , . . m nf Kiae Jom rue ucncr ouraiu mo . , A to the great Charter of English liber y. buildiDg was erected to commemora o event, and visitors to this day are Bhows .they rro assured is the table on wine irituorfant document was signed. The town of Windsor, called to distinguish it from Old Windsor, a p n»- little village about 2 miles distant, is si no on tho eastern border of tho co of Berkshire, and is distant 22 mi M Loudon. It has been a favorite roju « of Norman conquest, and i«'( " j276 it was declared a freo borough, ii the yc® ja jhe 16th year of his reign, Ci7lihe"iuhaliitants a charter, confirming "rtteadin" their former privileges. Some Alices were imposed by his successor; but ffhe rerelutioa in 1688 the original pro- nf this charter wero rcrerted to, and r-n7 M reniaiued unaltered. Tho Bachelor's tre" Jha sceao of frequent festivities, and George HI. visited on the day of his ' f is a plot of meadow land surrounded by r ''l wa|t. The property of the soil is vested 'rte corporation, but tho inhabitants possess Lrinht of playing therein at all sports t astimes The Bachelors commemorated fvi'it Of George HI. by erecting an obelisk, hL"0 inscription detailing tho circumstances rf the Boval visit to "this, their acre." Eivrarii tho Confessor grouted the site of both a»rtitleaad town of Windsor to the Abbey of £ Peter, Westminster ; but William the Con- " afterwards exchanged it with the Abbey Zmt Iwds ia Essex, and constructed a lire's of considerable extent. Houry 1. firstly enlarged tho building, and erected a rj where, in U22, ho colebrated in great Jo his marriage with his Queen, Adelais of limine. Henry II. held a Parliament in the astleia 1170, which was attended by aU the neit English barons, William, King of Scot- UnJ, andhis brother David. Dnring tho con- Ksi between King John and the barons, which taminitcd in the grant of Magna Charta, Hi former took refuge in the Castle, which in It! year subsequent to the signing of tho Iratr was ineffectually besieged by barons, fl Jg the reign of Henry HI. the castle was iSeraately in tho possession of both the con- lading factions, but being eventually sur prised by Prince Edward it was made the ren- Jerrons of the royal party. Edward I. and Elaard II. made Windsor their principal resi dence | it was likewise tho birthplace of several of their children, the most celebrated of whom was Edward HI., who rebuilt tho Castle, with the exception of three towers at the west end of (ha Lower Ward. The famous William do VTykeham superintended tho works at a weekly salary of 7s., and 3s. per week tor his clerk. Mauy improvements and alterations were made in later reigns. Edward IV, rebuilt, upon an enlarged scale, the Chapel ol St. George, in which his remains were sub sequently deposited, as well as those of his unfortunate rival, Henry VL Henry VII. mado several additions to tho chapel and Upper Ward, and his successor rebuilt the principal goto of the Castle. On tho 3rd | iojust, 1544, Queen Mary and her consort, i into Windsor from Winchester, where their g niniago bad been solemnised. The ill-fated | Charles I. resided in tho Castle , at tho com- 1 mincemeat of bis reiga, and held occasional B courts in those apartments which, towards the I dose of his eventful career, he was compelled | to inhabit as a prisoner. Soon after the S Restoration, Charles II. adopted Windsor Castle a as his favorite residence, aud commeuced I a series of alterations in the buildings. The | ancient Gothic windows, so much in unison | with the character of the edifice, were replaced I by circular Freucli oucs, and the structure lost | much of its general chaste simplicity. The I interior, however, wan greatly improved by the I liberality of this monarch. Tho royal anart- | meats were richly furnished and decorated, a I large magazine of arms was constructed, and a I number of valuable paintings by tho first I masters were formed into a collodion — a prc- ceding one, which belonged to his royal father, I having benniold by order of the Long Parlia- I meet. William IH. and Quceu Anno im- I proreJ fie parks, planting several avenues of I beech trees, and enclosing tho Littlo I Par» with a brick wall. Georgo I. frequently I resided at the Castle, where, every Thursday, he I dined in public — a fashionable custom at that I period in Continental courts. With the cx- I ceplioa of trifling occasional ropuira, the build- log remiinsd as it was left by Charles II. till the reign of George III., who selected Wiadsor aehis principal residonce, Uudor his direction, and in great part from his private purse, the north front of the Upper Ward was pnitly re- | Kored to its original appearanco, and St. eorge s Ckopcl was completely repaired. The gs illness suspended the progress of tho Mks for a period of 11 years. Shortly after 5 eceaae public attention was directed to the propriety of renovating the edifice upon a scale grandeur commonsurnto with its ancient 1 Parliamentary grant 0,000 was voted towards tho. improve- of the building, the expenditure of nbich as p aced under tho superintendence of seven &rUf;!T8aM' — Duke of Wellington, tho p. , lvv'rpool, the Earl of Aberdeen, Lord £ . "/l';,SirT M' Bid'V. Mr. «»1- uchitertJ ,,r' riufv The most eminent th» Imn ln , c0lm.bry were competitors for The „io r ',Prcsnting an approved design. Jeffrv w . r Jc% Wyatt (afterwards Sir VurLJ..1'111 wero flualIy accepted, the s,m„ sums 'lav0 sinco been voted for to innr, .ParP"n. amounting in tho aggregate Me »!li ",f 00- Tll north front of the Third'. 'mrace, tho Brunswick, George sparlm-J ) inchester Towers, tho stato 'sallervV..' .I Queen Elizabeth's pictuio Thesnnt'if05 1 Id"y'uff fields of Eton .College, he field, i"!- froni f t'10 Castlo overlooks leadinrr r, , ')anl"0' "'H' tho Thames, and 1% tm liUle vill"go of Clewcr. Tho Iho mnin.i J1 Cfts'em front soar high above veeuo ic woods of tiio homo park ami elm and the ,. ,'f l0' neighborhood is beautiful, d'eitly adorns if "S C0,umamliuG position Jarnes T,0/t.(ll, anc'eut keeps of tho. castlo, ffaslii,,,' I oootiaml, tho royal poot, of whom rtcount .G I'M written so elinrmiug an Una o.'-,. ?S a Prisoner iu his youth. It is a tower, that has stood the brunt of ages, and is still in good preservation. It stands on a mound, which elevates it above tho other parts of the castlo, and a great flight of steps laads. 'oiko interior. In tho armory/a Gothic hall, furnished with weapons of various kinds and ages, is shown a coat of armor, hanging against the wall, which ouco belonged to James. A suite of apart ments of failed magnificence, hung with storied tapestry, formed his prison, and was tho scene of that passionate aud fanciful amour which has woven iuto the web of his story the magical , e,s, . P?try a"d fiction. Tho wholo iiistory of tins amiable but unfortunate prince is highly romantic. At the teuderagoof 11 no was sent from home by his father, Robert IH., and destined for the P reuch court, to bo reared under the eye of the French monarch, secure from the trea chery and danger that surrounded the royal house of Scotland. It was his mishap, in tho course of his voyage, to fall iuto tho hands of the Euglisli, aud ho was detained prisoner by Henry IV,, notwithstanding that a truco existed betweon the two countries. .Tiio intelligence of his capture, coming in the train of many sorrows aad disasters, proved fatul to his unhappy father. " Tho news," we are told, " was brought to him while at supper, and did so overwhelm him with grief that he was almost ready to givo up the ghost into the hands of the servant that attended him. But being curried to his bed chamber he abstained from all food, aad in three days died of hunger and grief ut Rothesay," James was detained in captivity above 18 years ; but though de prived of personal liberty he was treated with the respect duo to his rank. Care was taken to instruct him in all tho branches of useful know ledge cultivated at that period, and to give him those mental and personal accomplishments deemed proper for u priuco. Perhaps in this respect his imprisonment was an advantage, as it enabled him to apply himself the more exclu sively to his improvement, and quietly to imbibe that rich fuud ot knowledge uuil to cherish those elcgcut tastes which have given such a lustre to his memory. Tho picture drawn of him m early life by the Scottish historians is highly captivating, and seems rather the description ot a hero of romance than of a character in real history. Ho was well learnt, wo are told, " to fight with tho sword, to joust, to touroay, to wrestlo, to siug aud dance ; ho was an expert incdicinor, right crafty in playing both of lute aud harp, aud snudry other instruments of music, and was expert in grammar, oratory and poetry." With this combination of manly and delicate accomplishments, fitting him to shine both in active and elegant life, and calculated to givo him an intense relish for joyous exis tence, it must havo been a severe trial, in an age of bustle and chivalry, to pass the spring-time of ins years in monotonous captivity. It was the good fortune of Jamos, however, to be gifted with a power ful poetic fancy, and to be visited in his prison by the choicest inspirations of tho muse. Some minds corrode and grow inactive under the loss of personal liberty ; others grow morbid and irritable ; but it is the nature of the poet to become tender and imaginative in the loneliness of confinement. The subject ol James's chief poem, the King s Quair, composed during his captivity at Windsor, is his love for the ,Lady Jane Beaufort, daughter of tbo Earl of Somerset, and a princess of the blood royal of England, of whom he became enamored in the coarse of his imprisonment, In the midst of a tit of- musing, as he casts his eye downward, ho beholds " the fairest and the treshest young flouro" that ever be hud seeu. It is tho lovely Lady Jane, walking in tho garden to enjoy the beauty of thai "fresh May morrowe." Breaking thus suddenly upon his sight, in tho moment of loneliness and excited susceptibility, she at oace captivates the fancy of the romantic priuco aud becomes the object of his wandering wishes, tho sovereign of his ideal world. Hcdwolls with the fondness of a lover on every article of her apparel, from the net of pearl, splendent with emeralds and sapphires, that confined her golden hair, oven to the "goodly ehaino of small orfevorge" (wrought gold) about her neck; whereby there huug a ruby in shape of a heart, that seemed, bo says, like a spark of fire burning upon her white bosom, ller dress of while tissue was loopod up to enable hor to walk with more freedom. She was accompanied by two f oniale attendants, and about her spurted a little hound decorated with' hells, probably the small Italian hound, of exquisite symmetry, which was a parlor favorito and pet auioug the faskionablo dames of ancient tunes. The departure of the Lady June from tho gardou puts an end to the poet's eulogiutn. With her departs the amorous illusion that had shed a temporary charm over the scene of his captivity, and lie relapses into loneliness, now rendered tenfold more intolerable by this passing beam of unattainable beauty. Through tho long and weary day ho repines at his unhappy lot, arid wheu evouing approaches, and Phoebus, as ho beautifully expresses it, had " bade farewell to every leaf and flower," he still lingers at tho window, and, laying his head upon the cold stone, gives vent too mingled flow of love and sorrow, until, gradually lulled by tho mute melancholy of tho twilight hoar, ho lapses " half sleeping, half swoon, into a vision,- which occupies tho remainder of the -poem, and in which is allegorically shadowed out the history erf his passion. James's passion for tho Lady Jane, as it was the solaco of, his captivity, so it facilitated his release, it being imagined by the court that - a connexion with the blood royal of Eugland would attach btm to its own interests.' He was ultimately restored to his liberty and crown, having previously espoused tho Lady Jnno, who accoiupauied him to. Scotland, and made him a most tender and devoted wifo. ' In giving sotno details of the different wards aud apart moats which make up tho noble pile of buildings called Windsor Castle, it will bo convenient to distinguish them under soparato heads, beginning with THE LOWER WAH3- King Henry tho Eighth's Gateway on Castle- hill, nearly opposite Collier's Library, forms the entrnnco to tho Lower Ward, passing through which, tho south front of tho beautiful building of her Majesty's Chapel of St. Georgo iuimodi- atelv presents itself to the notice of the Tisitor. The Lower Ward includes within itsicircutt tho following towers : Winchester, originally built by William do Wykol.am j Henry the III. s, ueurlv opposite tho Deauery ; ' Sulisbnry. now tho residence of the Military Knights of the Lower Foundation ; Garter, on the wont front) aim Julius Cres.ir's, au ancient aud irrcgulu ly built towor at tho north-west angle, now called tho Curfow or Belfry Tower, from its containing a peal of oight fino-tonod belle. Hue ward is divided by St. George's Chapel, on the north of which are tho residences of tho ecclesiastical officers of tho establishment, and on the south those of tho Military Knights. Those on the royal foundation reside on tho right of tho entrance gateway, a square tower called The Governor's Tower, and Garter-hall beside it, standing in the centre ; on the west side of tho gateway are tho knights on the foundation of St. Peter le Mairo A commodi ous guard house for tho detachment of military doing duty at tho Castle, and convenient apartments for tho officer on guard, have re cently been built along the west end of this ward. At the west of the chapel are the Horse Shoe Cloisters. These cloisters, tho residence of tho lay clerks, have lately been restored in the timber and herring bone brick work style, at a great expense, by order of the dean and canons. Under the skilful hand of Sir G. Scott, this portion of the Castle, so long a dis figurement, has now become one of its most pleasing features. The first dwellings on this site were built iu tho reign of Edward IV. The semi- circular form was derived from a fetter lock, one of tho Royal badges. In theso cloisters is the entrance to the Curfew Tower. The Cnrfew or Belfry Tower was erected by Henry III, about the 25th year of his reign, and is the only part of the castle built in the 13th century that has in any way retained its original aspect up to the present period. This tower, originally called the dure Tower, from its standing in tho manor or parish of Clewer, has long boen used as a belfry or clock tower, most probably from the tirno of Edward IH., when it is certain there was a clock at Wind sor, as in tiic last year of his reign the sum of £50 was expended upon a now hell for it, as appears by the issue roll 51st of Edward III., and thero is no reason to beliero but that the castle clock has always occupied tho same situ ation. The lower portion of this towor has remained iutact since its foundation ; it con sists of a chamber or crypt 22 foet in diameter, vaulted on plain massive stone ribs, tho walls 121 feet thick, with arched recesses, terminat ing in loop holes ; the wholo is constructed with chalk, faced and arched with freestone, and is a perfect and interesting specimen of the architecture of tho period. In this tower a subterrancauoau passage has been discovered, said to lead under the Thames to Burnham Abbey, about three miles distant and supposed to have been constructed to facilitate the escape of tho garrison at a period of anticipated peril. The passage is six feet wide aud ten feet high. the sides are buirlt of solid masonry, and arched over with massive stone work. "Betweon the two turrets on tho north sides of the cloisters is the gable end of the library. The grand flight of stops at the west end of tho chapel w re de signed by Sir G. Scott. On each sido there is au olaboretely carved Bath stone balustrading, in the particular style, decorated with tho well known Tudor badges. At tho upper end whore it joins the ancient stone work of the chapel are tho arms of Edward III. and Henry VIL The steps, 44 .feet 6 iuches in width, are of Yorkshire granite. In the dean's cloisters aro many interesting memorials of deceased military knights and others. ixo rue ease ena oi or. ixeorge s unaper is a lofty stone edifice, formerly known as iVolsey's Chapel, beneath which is the royal tomb house, now culled tho Albert Cbapel. Tho interior or this chapel has been embellished and fitted up iu great magnificence by command of her Majesty the Queen, in memory of tho Prince Consort. The entire vaulted reef has been covered with mosaic figures, ornaments, and inscriptions, all standing out from a ground of gold enamel. This has beeu executed by Sig ner Salviati, of Venice, whose work is said to be superior in many respects to that of the ancients. This mosaic work covers in extent some thousand English square feet, and forms a fitting crown to the various other beautiful and appropriate decorations. Tho blind window- that occupies the entire west oud, over the on- trance door, is also part of the same work, each space between the mullions being filled with a full length representation iu mosaic of some illustrious person formerly connected with the chapel. Conspicuous among them appear Henry VIIL, Charles I., Cardinal IVolsoy, Charles Brandon, &c.;, &c; , &c.; The stained glass windows round the chapel, by Clayton and Bell, are. of surpassing richness in color, and of very superior workmanship. The full length portraits iu them represent the ances tors of the Prince Consort. The wall under tho windows is entirely inlaid with marble mosaic work, consisting of a series of scrip tural subjects with figures beautifully inlaid with different colored marbles. These magni ficent " pictures in marble" wero executed by tho late Baron Triqueti at his works near Paris (some of thorn were buried in Baris during tho siege). Over oach tableaux is a medallion of a member of the Royal Family, the work of the late Miss S. Dnrant. In tho centre of tho building is placed a cono- taph with a recumbent figure of the Priuce in armor. Tho cap of the cenotaph is of grand antique marble, around which is the following inscription : — Albert, the Pr- Ineo luorisorr, Dora August xxtL, mdccoxix, died Dec. xlv., uncccutr. Burled la the Koyal Jditusolcain at Frogniare. The panels are of- Sicilian and Pirian marble, ornamented with statuary representing truth, hope, piety, charity, justice and houor, the latter holding a shield oa which is inscribed : I have fought the . good fight, I have finished my course.'. The base is of black and gold Tuscan marble. Seats of Pyraneo green marble, backed with panels of grand antiquo marble, are placed round tho chapel under tho marble tableaux. Tho entire floor .has been beautifully inlaid with marble in exquisite design. -The Albert Ohnpelis considered to have tho richest 'interior iu tho world. v This building was erected by-Henry VII. as a burial place for himself and his successors. Upon bis subsequent preference of Westminster Abbey for tbat purpose, it remained neglected, until Cardinal Wolsoy obtained a grant of it froiti HenryVIII. With tho saruo profusion of expense which marked all the public acts of his life, ho began to prepare it as a receptacle for Lis remains, but at the confiscation of his pro perty it .reverted to tho Crown. ' Charlcs-I, iutentcd to fit rip tho structure as n royal mau soleum, but the civil wars interposed, and in 1646 it was plundered by tho republican army. On tiro accession of James H., that- monarch had it converted in'.o a chapel for the celobra- tion of tho Roman Catholic worship, ' rind Verfio was ouiployed'to execute a richly orna mented ceiling ; but in : a popular commotion, that soon aftenvards onsued, caused by tho King publicly entertaining tho I'ope'e nuncio, the windows and internal decorations were destroyed. It thus remained till the reign of George ILL when it was determined to construct a royal tomb house beneath it ; for this purpose an excavation was made in the strata of chalk forming tho foundation, to tho depth of 15 feet, and corresponding in length aud wid'h the dimensions of tiio building. On each side are the receptacles for the bodies, formed by Gothic octagonal pillars supporting a range of four sholves. The entrance is iu tho east isle of St. George's Chapol, from which a subterranean passage leads to this solemn resting place for the illustrious deceased. The following royal personages have been hore interred : — Prince Octavlns (Children oi George IU., removed from Prince Alfred l Westminster Abbsy. Ductless of Brunswick The Princess Adelnfds ) Children of tho Duke of lire Prlncei3 Ellzabothr clnrcncv. Title. Died at. . Buried. Princess Amelia ..Windsor .. ..Nor. 14, 1810 Princess Charlotte. Claremont.. ..Nov. 19, 1917 Qnecn Chnrlotto ..Kew .. ..Dec. 2. 1818. Duke of Kent ..Sldmonth ..Feb. 12, 1820. George 111. ..Windsor .. ..Fob. 16, 1820. DukoofYork ..London .. ..Jan. 20, 1327. Genrge IV. ..Windsor .. ..July 15, 1830 William IV, ..Windsor ..July 8, 1837. Princess Augusta.. Frogmore.. ..October, I84. > Bently Priory,) Queen Adelaide > near Stanmore, > Dec. 13, 1849. ) Middlesex ..) On entering the cbapel, tho admiration of tbo spectator is immediately excited by the grandeur of its architecture, which is in tho perpendicular style, extremely light aud elogant in proportion and nnrivalleil in tho richucssof its earrings in stone and oak. The stone roof, whioh was executed in the reign of Henry VII., is espe cially remarkable for its be&utifultracory;, and is supported by anciont Gothic pillars, whose ribs and groins sustain tho ceiling with admirable beauty and elegance. The armorial bearings of several sovereigns of tho order, including Edward the Confessor, Edward III. .Henry VI., Edward IV., Henry VII., and other illustrious knight companions, arc emblazoned on the, ceil ing ; also those of Sir Reginald Bray, a liberal benefactor towards building the chapel, aro frequently displayed. The great west window, a fine specimen of stained glass contains eight coinpartmonts. each 6 feet in height, displaying 75 figures ; representing Edward the Confessor, Edward IV,, HenryVIII,, several of tho knights, the patriarchs, primitive bishops, and other eccle siastics, interspersed with heraldic bearings, among which tiio cross and insignia of the order of the garter are frequently displayed. Tho richness of the colors, the loftiness of thu wiuuow ana rue veneraoio appearanco or rue Gothic tracery by which theso compartments are divided, combine to awaken in tho mind ihose feelings of awe and solemnity so much in unison with the sacred character of the building, fir tho lower part of tho window ia inscribed the prayer used in the daily service in this Chapel : — " God savo our Gracious Sovereign, and all the Companions of the most Honnrable and noble Order of the Garter." The glass in this window was collected from various parts oi the Chapel in. 1774 by Canon Lockman. The Beaufort Chapel, dedicated to tho Virgin Mary, contains tho remains of several members of the Beaufort family. 