$oc;al ami 05cnqi;;tl gtyius. Barcaldine Police Court-The only Police Court business this week was the scnicncuing of n man to 14 days' imprisonment for indecent exposure; and in the Small Debts Court tbe cases were settled out of court. Bxcursione.-The Commissioner fur Rail ways advertises i**ue of usual excursion tickets from Monday, December PJtb, to Monday, January tfud ; availuble up to Sat- 1 urday, 7th January. Reserves,-20 acres At Tarobo have been proclaimed a reserve for rcmctcry purposes; at harcaldibc the school rctcrvc has been incrca&cd; from three to four ucrcsi leaviug one in the fire acre block for the Post Office. Victoria Cottage Hospital-This building is being rapidly proceeded with by ibe con tractors* Messrs. Mcacham it tayland. Tbe committee met on Saturday afternoon, and adopted suggestion# of building c^mmiUcc re substitution of pine boards for hardwood, and cndor&cd; recommendation of payment of £C0 on account of work done. A further pay ment of £00 was passed on (Saturday. The question of building a detached kitchen in preference to having it in main building was discusscd,but nodecided action taken. Con tributions of £4 cach from two gentlemen iu Loudon, and of £3 3s. from the Queensland National Bank received and ackuowlcdged. It was decided to order material atonce from Messre. Stewart and Co., tenderers for linen, &c.;, in order that things nrght be made up in readiness for the opening of the institution in January next. Longreach.-The several parlies who went up the extension last week to view the promibed land, returned on Thursday* They all appear more or less reddened by the &un;, and they are brimful of mysteriousncsB in connection with the site of the future dcjtdt of the west, The pegs weie ail there we understand, and the surveyors were engaged makiug alterations in railway Gurvcy, to bring it nearer to tho town. The Thompson was running strong and its banks were lined with the carcases of fish, who have died in thou sands lately from some unkuown epidemic. The air was filled with birds of prey, gorged with feasting upon the dead fish. A Dreadful Libel,-We have often abused the extravagance of a ccrtain nevsly- created department, and tbe colossal stupidity of some of its officers; but we have never yet accused the chief engineer of perverting the truth. Yet in the last number of the Winton Herald, that journal has the unblu6hiug audacity to refer to a certain statement as emanating from "the fertile br.iiu of the Baron Munchausen at the head of the Depart ment, who trots round the district at stated intervals, receives reports and deputations," &c..; ic. The fact of the matter is that the Winton Progress Association have applied for the use of steam ploughs and scoops, now lying idle at Winton, to enlarge their 10,000 yard tank, but the Government have refused upon the grounds that as there was water enough in tho tank to Inst during the drought, there must bo plenty for all purposes during ab ordinary season. Tho local paper denies this. It says that in '$4 ilie inhabitants petitioned the Government to draw water for their use* or the town would have to be abandoned* lite tank was silted op, end the original contractor) who made his tank deeper than the estimate* had to fill it op for a few feet to bring it within the plan and specification! Ludicrous, is it not ? but Uien, ate not all tbe Ways and works of the Water Supply Department ludicrous? Winton Itema.-Miss Moron, late of Mutta burn, has pitched het tent at Wintonj and caters for the fashionable public in the millinery line.-Mrs. Lyaett gave a picnic at the Twelve-mile tbe other day, Suodny-the Sabbath if you please* We regret to hear that various amusements were indulged in. Despite all the cffoits of the police and tbe saintly Moran, people it seems will still drink and enjoy themselves on Sundays. The ladies have been visiting Ibc state School and Hospital, both of which institu tions Are a credit to the town and are pre sided over by men of ability in their respective professions, and popular In tbe community. Sporting Mem$.-The following nomina tions have been received for tbe Isisfofd Handicaps Flying t Pluto, Lawn, Magnet, Sabinga, Rosebud) and I'afcquin* For lsis> ford llandicap : The same with the exception of the two last. Jubilee and Smuggler have returned to Barcaldine I but it is doubtful whether the former will ever race again. Mr« Emerson has in training a well bred colt from Wellshot, and Jason. Mr. Holland has a flyer In Rosebank, and will also take Nigger to Blackall and Barcaldine* Saltern Creek, Barcaldine, and Buaconsfleld will pro* bably each have a representative, and it is possible Cosssck will come in from Aiicc Downs. 8ydncy has been sent down to Rockbampton i but Morrell bas a Delta colt, Merry King, by King of tbe North-Merry maid ; full brother to Blue Peter. A new Preacher.-The Rev. Albert E. Fox Was installed as incumbent of the Primitive Methodist Church at Barcaldine on Sunday* Large congregations were present at both tbe morning and evening services. The Rev. R, Hartley, senior minister of the connexion, introduced Mr. Fox, who preached an elo quent sermon, choosing for his subject" The Unchangeable Cliaracter of God. In the evening ne preached, again, his theme being "The Ni^ht of Rights*" The singing at each service was remarkably good, and it is now intended to organise a choir. Rifle Shooting.-Tho day before yesterday some enthusiastic marksmen met by appoint ment at a range not far from town, where a target had been erected. Several distances were tried, and tho shooting, though nob remarkably close, was much enjoyed by those who took part in it. Thu highest scorer at the ahort distance was a gentleman whoso profession iB mcdiciue i an engineer topped the record, at the next range j and a news paper man took honors at the longest dis tance. Some goodshooting wasalso made by a cattle man. The formation of a clpb was discussed during the afternoon, and Dr. Willis undertook to canvass for members. The Barcaldine Bore.-Tho work at this bore was delayed last week, owing to the piping used being defective. About 200 feet hud been put down, when the lower lengths split, and telescoped with the superincumbent weight, The whole had consequently to be withdrawn. Upon examination it was found that some of tne pipes were torn as you might tear the edge of this paper. These pipes are t hose which were originally used in the Blackall bore. Many of thou have been twisted, the threading battered down, and in some cases so eaten up by rust that a knife could pierce tho casiug. Mr. Henderson's report says that" with the exccpliou of a few feet the tubing (ut Blackall) was recovered in splendid condition, indeed quite fit for furt her use; it would scorn as if it could bo used many times over." The fact is that after over-hauling all the tubing sent down, the engineer iu charge at Barcaldine doro not recomincud tho using of more than 200 feet, and this is held by chimps while boring is being continued. Tho contractor is now down about 450 feet, through hard walls of conglomerate. Number Three of the Jimmcraitff is a great Improvement upon its prcdecesHors, but con tains not very much reading of general interest. It records the marriage of Miss 8lcwart and Mr. Well a, 41 Manager of i Lcrrick," also states that Lieut. Gosling, 1 formerly jackaroo at Barcnldine, is engaged ! to the eldest daughter of Sir Thomas Mcll ! wraith. In its Lucindn Sharpe article, a lady who writes novelettes for the Brisbane paper?, is made to sny " Then* U no novels like Dickctis's." Sporting writers have no thing else to argue about bnt the Sandgato Handicap starting business. Nevertheless, the paper Is o good one, and we hope it may boom along without doubling bode upon its promoters. It must be an expensive one to run, and will require a huge number of Government advertisements, unless tho pro prietary can afford to lose a fortune before the returns come in. TOMMY : " Pa, when I grow up to be a man I'm going to be married." Mr. Hen peck : " Perhaps you'll die, Tommy, before you coma of age. Always try and look on the bright Gido of things, my boy.M Barcaldine Post Office.-Tender* nrc willed In (itixtte of IJccciulier 3rd, for the erection "f OHiee St llarciililiiic. I'lam, &e;" nift.v lie hccii hi Ulurkull and Iturcnliliiie I 081 (tftiOM. and louder* lire Hi b« rent in tn either of thoso two pl'ices before the uu» of Jauuary next. The Barcaldine Ptogreseionistt - It is pleasing U) observe tlial the leading journul of llockhampton occasionally contlc>eeiids to I notice ivliat occurs in the country districts, and ill a recent issue devotes its leading orticlcto the criticism of a resolution adopted by the Barcaldine Progress Association. The BvlMin considers the Association ought warmly to bflve supported the Chamber of Commerce in its projHiisal to obtain a railway from Uockliamiiton to Port Alma. To ibis wc may reply that no official communication upon the subject wna received by the local bodyv otherwise than what was contained in a private letter from Mr. Dawbarn to Mr. Joues. Speaking for the western people we may confidently aBwjrt that they deMrc to ace ihe Central Railway connected with deep water, but whether it is to l'ort Alma, Broatlmnunt) or Gladstone, makes little differ onco to them. The New Oiulaion.-The Aramac and Kar goolnah Boards have been communicated with respecting the boundaries of the new division. The proposal is to take from the Aramac Division all the country south of the railway Une, and just so much on the north ern side as will include the approaches to Barcaldine. We have seen copies ot the letters addressed to cach Board, and are therefore sure that the members arc laboring | unlcr a delusion in supposing that it is intended to malte the boundary of the new division coincident with the boundary of Aramac run. That is not a*ked for nor required | but the country on the south side ot the line ought to be brought into the new division. If the Aramac Hoard object to this now they must lose ft by-and-by, after the new division is formed. The question was to be debated yesterday at Aramac. Cricket-The match between the Amateur Uthiops and the Universe did not take plncc on Saturday, owiug to some misunderstand ing among the members of the Club. The Ghost of Hamlet's father, the corner men, and one ot two others marched down to the ground in their war [>aint, but finding that some of the team objected to "black up," they considered it a breach of good faith and deparicd sadly homeward;. A scratch match was then organised between eight selected by Mr. Peterson and eight by Mr. Hyland. The former team went to the wickets first, and some capital play was shown by Mr. Oiburne and Mr. Appleton, the former scoring 27 before he was bowled by Scully, the latter putting together 22 before he succumbed. The innings closed for n total of 7li The Hylanders followed but. made no stand, the last wicket falling for 11 runs. Wo have been informed that Mr. F. It. Kurphy, M.L.A., has, with his nsual gen erosity, offered two trophies for the best batting and bowling averages made io matches held during the season, Butchering in Blackali.-A correspondent, a family man, wiitva us on the subject of butcher s meat in Blackall, from which wc gather that the present caterer for the meat supply is not giving general satisfaction to the community. Our correspondent orders a leg of muttou and is served with four pounds of beefsteak. It also seems that females cannot be sent to the shops for meat as the language savours more of Billingsgate than Blackall. Much more says our corres pondent on this subject, and in conclusion lopes that same other butcher will o|ien a business, Paddocks, be writer ere plentiful, and yards can be obtained close to town. Sheep can be purchased upon stations 12 and 25 miles distant) and he thinks the business could be made a lucrative one. The writer signs himself" Nemo," but gives us his name in confidence, and ib prepared to stand by any assertion be has miide. State School entertainment- Crowded is not the expression to describe the state of the Social Holl at Bhrcoldine yesterday evening. The room was crammed. The audiencc who assembled hod been upon the tip-toe of ex pectation for many weeks previous, and before 8 o'clock last night they were awalt> ing with eaget impatience the fulfilment of their anticipations. Tbn continuous chatter of the forty or more little maids and lads from school, who bad accommodation pro vided for them in a temporary structure adjoining the ball, was hushed as the time for the rising of the curtain Approached. A bell tinkles, and the crimson baito is raised. Steps forward a youth, O'Rourke by namci and in a clear voice, slightly husky with nervousness, delivers the prologue. It is impromptu, of course, and we may be sure has been for some wcelu carefully composed by the ctcver domfne aud committed to memory by his aptest pupil. The prologue is indeed a spoken programme, and ft is heartily applauded. Then with rapid but orderly movement the small stage it covered with maiden;, bright-eyed, happy-looking, and dressed in their bravest but ueat attire. At a signal the whole gathering bursts forth into Sullivan's music, tlie bright and martial dragoons chorus from " Patience." The words are not Gilbert's, but an invitation to tho audience, soliciting tlieir kind attention and gentlest criticism for the performers. Then a mite of a child, probably about two cubits and a auan in height, trills out with clear articulation, and with notes as tuneful as the bell-bird of her native forests, " Our Jack's come home to-day," while the refrain is taken up by the elder girls, and the hall is filled with sweet sounds. The programme consists of twenty-four items, in two parts. The part songs and cborures seem to give the most general satisfaction, but the applause of the audience is principally reserved for individual effort. The " Three little maids from school," from the Mikado, and " Misses Grosvenor and Hunthornc," parodied from Patience, were given into the hands of the Misses Ahern, Glanville, and Matthews. If Sir Arthur Sullivan had been present last night it is not too much to assert that he would have been very much pleased with the treat ment his compositions received. The solo ists were "*U6s Ahern, who sang the rather ambitious and certainly very difficult ballad of "When sparrows build," with perfect correctness ; Miss Williams, with the pretty and more suitable song "Swinging;' Miss MeKinnan, and Miss Ab Foo, whose .' Little Buttercup" and the waltz round at its con clusion hitthcpopulartastcimmensely. The boys di<l not sing but recited, not the olil hackneyed pieces of the days wc wot of, but extracts from Hood, Whiltier, and Gilbert. " Bingen on the Rhine" was Master Savage's pitce de rerittoncc; Master O'Rourke bilched up his trousers and treated us to the " Cruise of the Nancy Bell;" Master McBride gave that funny poem of Hood's with some title like " Faithless Nelly Gray," and the boys also enacted a scene from " The Rivals," in which Master Peterson undertook to pourtrny a Sir Anthony Abtolute. Mr. Ball and Miss Cooke, two of the teacher?, gave a scene from "The School tor Scandal," and the Bame gchtlcmaD and Miss Lcnnon were particu larly amuBing in "The NngglotonB," adapted from Punch. The girls produced that weird story of "Floyd Ireton's Ride," which was much applauded; but probably the most hearty ovation was accordcd the infnnts, who ranged on tho front of the stage, sang " The Sparrow," and Borne other llule part-song, with a heartiness which appeared to aflord as much enjoyment to them as to anybody In the room. The programme was not concluded until late,"BobSawyer's Party,"dramatised for the purpose, being taken by some seven or eight of the boys, with Miss Ahern as ilrt. \ Itaddle, a character which was admirably sustained by the young lady. The National Anthem finished all, but of course there wens refreshments provided for the children, who, with Mr. McDcrmott and the teachers, deservo unstinted credit for the laborious yet, we may hope, pleasant labors tbey havo brought to such a successful and triumphant conclusion. Wo must not omit to mention the valuable services rendered by Miss A. Ah Foo, not only during the eveuing, bntlorhor kindness in attending at all rehearsals of the perform ance. We have not yet heard how much was realised by the salo of tickets, but probably it amounted to nearly £20. Tho performance will be repeated with variations on Friday, the 23rd instant, in aid of the local hospital maintenance fund. 