TALES AND SKETCHES. THE DEVIL'S DIE. BY GRANT ALLEN. Author ov " For Mats he's Sake," " Pmlis- tia," " Strange Stowes," " Babylon," ".Is All Shades," Kalke'b Shrine," &c.; Chapter II. — (Continued.) Tub boat drew closer and Mahommad All aw the yacht, with all her sails, save that One solitary triangular piece of canvus, furlod and reefed on the yards io duo order — a baro hull, drifting slowly, slowly, slowly on, nitffirA fKnf fivflntKldce nnd mnftAntoio nip rvf August. Nothing but tho current was bearing her along. Tho hot sua poured down from overhead. No breeze or quiver shook tho silent sail. A sultry stillness held tho cloudless expanse of heaven. Not a sound or a move- meat came from the yacht, Tho water hardly sheered off from her bows as she glided imperceptibly on. Sho seemed to slacken even as they approached, aud to lie idlo at last iu pcrfoct inaction upon tho calm surface of that tmrufQcd sea. "I can make out her namo," Mohammad Ali mused aloud. " The Seamcw, of London. A pretty little craft, but deathly still. Thero must bo some curious mystery about her." " Mutiny, perhaps," one of tho fishermen suggosted, leaning upon his oar. " Crow may have goue off aud left her on tho high seas ; or deserted, might he, ia tho lost port touched at." " It certainly looks uncanny," Harry Chichelo.answered, with languid cariosity. " So much tho better. I lovo an adventure. And Ibis one has an elemont of the supernatural, hanging about it vaguely, somehow." . As ho spoke, Mohammad Ali laid down the 'field glass with a cry of surprise, " Tho man's ill," he cried ; "deadly ill. Ho looked almost as if he were dying. Ho can hardly hold him self up on tho deck. Full olongsido, quick, will you ? There, that'll do. . Seamew, ahoy 1 "ahoy 1 ''ahoy there 1 " . .lhq, one occupant of tit" deserted yacht 'fluiig up his hands with a wild shout, and' let go at once both sheet and tiller. "Ahoy! 'ahoy ! ahoy ! '' he answered, in a hollow voice, 'With -convulsive eagerness. ."What's up?" Mohammad Ali shouted, between his hands. " Hold off," tho strangor hailed hack, in a ' terrible tone of tremulous warning, his hands 1 held open depreeatingly before him, " Cholera ! 1 Cholera I" At the sonnd of that awful and ' dreaded word, the two fishermen dropped their oars at ?cei as if by magic, and lot tho boat float idly of itself npou the glassy water. "Tho Lord proserve us 1 " ono of thorn murmured, with sudden horror. "Stop whero youaro! Not another Btroke 1 We can't go near her ! We mustn't go near her 1 " " Go on i ' Mohammad Ali cried, in a tone of command. 1 1 Tho man's dying. Wo can't atop hero. If you don't go on, you'll bo too latoto save him." "Hot another stroke," the first fisherman answered doggedly. "You'ro a coward," the Indian cried, seizing the oar, with a sudden burst of fiory indigna tion, and showing his pearl-whito teeth like a dog in tho heat of his anger. "Come along, Harry. Tako the oars from them quick, will you. Wo must pull alongside, and help this poor follow. Coward, I say 1 Cowards, both of you 1 I never know before that seafaring men could bo so cowardly." " I'm not afraid of the worst storm that ever blow ont of God's heaven," tho fisher man answerod, holding tight to his oar and disputing its possession ; " hut hang me, if I'm ever going for you or for no man to bring tho cholera home to Folperron," -.Mohammad Ali glanced at him hard with unconcealed scorn. "My friend," he said, " wo two aro doctors. We're no more afraid of the cholera, we two, than you're afraid of a bit of a light sou' wester. Is this tho bravery you English men boast of 1 In tho country I como from the cholera walks abroad unseen in the streets, by day and by night, all the year round, like a ghost iu a graveyard, and no man fears it any more than you'd fear a capful of wind hero on tho Channel, What would you do if we doctors were to shirk danger as you do ? It's our work and our duty to face tho cholera, and get tho better of it, as it's your work, andyonr duly to face and outlive tho very fiercest hurricano that ever rodo on tho angry Atlantic. Pull us alongsido, I toll you, at ouce, or lot us pull ourselves if you'ro afraid of it. I'm not going to run away from danger now like a cowardly deserter." " Yon may do as you like with the cholera yourself," tho fisherman answered, still grasp ing the oar. " Of conrso, it's yonr bnsincss. But mo and my mate'Il have nothing to say to it, so that's fiat, and you may as well be satis fied." Ho spoke firmly, with the dogged obstinacy of the Cornish race showing string in his voice and manner, and Mohammad Ali felt at once it was no use parleying further with him. Quick as lightning the sinuous young Indian stood up in the stern, and shouted ouce mora to the death liko figure in tho Seamew opposite. "How many on board !" ho cried with a lond cry. "Only one more," the stranger answered, with a terrible effort. " And he s dying." "Where?" " On deck here." "And tho rest?" "All death Owner and eight hands of them. Cholera broko out on board tho third day out from Santander. I've navigated the yacht myself alono sinco yesterday morning. Send out a doctor as quick as you can to save tho boy here." Mohammad Ali answered nothing. Ho did not hositato for a single second. Swift as thought he pulled off his coat, fluog it into the stern, jumped on to tho thwart, raised his hands together high above his head, and plunged forthwith like a practised diver as he was into the calm and placid water below. A few dozen strokes brought him fairly alongsido, for he breasted the sea with powerful arms, and swam ahead with all the fierce aud eager energy of a sudden resolntion. The man on the yacht crawled feebly to tho ship's side, fastened a rope with trembling fingers to a brass peg and throw it over towards tho Indian doctor with an ovidont effort. Mohammad Ali caught it lightly as it fell, and hauled himselt up, haud over hand, with East ern agility, till he stood at last, erect and drip ping, bat tall and straight as ever, on the deck of the Seamew. As ha did so, tho stranger flung himself down, tottering and faiHt, upon tho dock, and, pointing with his bloodless fin gers to a huddlod fignro closo to the most, cried aloud with a voico of terrible entreaty, " Send out a doctor to save tho hoy, can you ? " "I'm a doctor myself," Mohammad AH an swerod, laying his hand gontly on tho stranger's shoulder with quick perception of the situation. " There's bopo yot. Don't despair. Harry, ahoy, thero 1 Bow back with those two cowards as fast as you can, and get some better men than them to come aboard and tako cbargo of theso poor sick fellows. I'll bring tho yacht in round the headland there as well us I'm able, and drop anchor off the point till you come back to mo." "All right," Harry Chichclo answered from tho boat, with professional coolness. " You'll stop aboard, then, till I come again. Is it really cholera ?" "Yes; it's cholera. Asiatic cholera," _ "How very interesting," Harry Chichelo murmured calmly to himself. " Now wo shall have a good chance of watching the develop ment of tho disease properly." "Bow back at oncol" the Indian shouted aloud onco rnoro from tho yacht. "There's no time to ho lost. Bow back, I say, and bring out a mcdiciao chest aDd somo proper food 'for them. And, by the way, you may bring mo some dry things at the same time, for theso aren't quito tho kind of clothes to nurso a sick man in." Harry Chicholo nodded assent, and gave a sign to go to the two fishcrmoa. Tho men, nothing loth to leavo that poiBoned neighbor hood, seated themselves once moro gladly upon the thwarts, aud rowed with long strokes for tho shore by tho Covo of Polperran. Their oars gloaracd and shimmorod bright in tho sun light, and tho plash of tho water as it fell from the blades grow fainter and fainter from moment to moment in the receding distance. Mohammad Ali, .standing- on tho .yacht, watched them gradually disappear round tho corner of the headland, and felt himself loft alone at last on that doomed ship, with thoso two gaunt and pestilence-stricken pallid follow-creaturcs. Around bim stretched the glassy, motionless soa ; abovo him sproad tho cloudloss blue of heaven; .and all about, upon tho heavy, breathless, August air, tho faint sick odor of that ghastly plague ho knew so well In tho sultry lanes and alleys of his native town hnng about, visiblo as a lambent hazo, to encircle aud pollute tho floating pest-houso. As Henry Chicholo had well said, it was indeed splendid cpldomic weather, , A European suddenly and unexpectedly ilaced in each an appalling position would have ound himself immensely incommoded aud weighed down by his dripping garments. But Mohammad Ali, in spite of his English education and culture, still remained at heart an Indian of tho Indians. Without a moment's hesitation he stripped off his wet clothes with incredible speed, wound the yacht's flag ronnd his body liko a native loin cloth, and stood forth in the blaziag snnlight ia another minute, just the ordinary fodian Mohammedan gentleman in the simple undress of his own com pound. The transformation took bnt a few seconds to pioducc, but at the end it was com plete and perfect : he had gone hack at a stroko from the coast of Cornwall to tho blazing sun shine of tho North-west Provinces. Meanwhile the yacht, now left to herself, with her one canvas hardly flapping in the still air, and her rudder swaying at its own free will with tho vague current, had drifted idly along towards the headland, fur the one man who alono remained capable of guiding her course had collapsed at once the moment Makommad touched the deck. The young Indian seized the sheet as soon as his metamorphosis was fairly concluded, and made it fast to a peg on the guDwolo. Then he took the tiller and steered for tho leo of tho jutting headland, where two minutes later ho dropped anchor in clear green water with a firm bottom. Thou for tho first time since he como on board ho was able to devote himself to his strange patients. Ho did not trouble tho man at first with questions. Ho was far too skilled a nurse for that. Without a single word he went down calmly into the stifling little cabin, still heavy with tho terrible fumes of disease, and brought up ono by ono tho bedding and pillows from two of the banks, with a few sheets, rugs and blankets. He laid them down on deck with deft aud carefnl hands, arranged them all as neatly as in a hospital, aud stretched above the top of the two bods thus hastily prepared a sort of tent or awning, improvised off-baud with a square of canvas and a couple of marliospikes. That done, he proceeded with a woman's gentleness to loosen tho clothes of both his patients, and lift thorn tenderly in his arms to the beds prepared for them. It was, in fact, a hastily made little outdoor hospital ; and the Indian doctor arranged it all as methodi cally and quietly iu his single-handed state as if he had had tho usual army of nurses and dressers all waiting obsequious for his merest wave or nod of suggestion. It was not till his patients were both safely housed in their rough tents that Mohammad Ali turned at last to examine more closely tho cases which a strange caprico or chanco had lhu3 handed over to his ministering care. The elder of the two strangers was a tall youug man, handsome aud gentlemanly, so lar as ono could judge ia his present condition, but with a keen sunken face, through which the sharp bones already peeped, and deep-set eyes worn out aad wasted by long anxiety and sleepless watching. Mohammad Ali knelt over him in silence, and scanned closely his mouth and twitch ing nostrils. The youog man, opening his eyes for a second, seized the dark hand in a perfect fervor of unspoken gratitude. He could not ntter a single word — his strength at last had failed him — but he pointed with a spasmodic effort of his lean arm towards the pale and insensiblo boy at his side. The Indian soothed his wasted hand ten derly, and turned to tho hoy with a des ponding gesture. He raised the lad's head a little on tho pillow, just to easo his com panion's mind — for he saw at once that that caso was hopeless— and then went back again with a sympathetic face to the elder paticut. lie drew back tho hair from his high forehead with a delicate touch, and laid his own cold hand upon the burning brow. Then ho looked at the yonng man steadily for a moment, and whispered in a low distinct voice, " How long since you loft Santauder ?" Tho patient moistened his parched lips to reply, and raised his head, but tho words seemed somehow to stick iu his throat. At last he managed to gasp out in a weak whisper, " Thrco weeks ago." "Aud the doad ? " Mohammad Ali asked softly. " Threw them overboard." " Good," tho Indian replied, with a satisfied nod. "You did well. That's right, anyhow. You shall bo properly nursed. Wo'll pull you through yet, my friend and I, with tho help of Allah, tho All-Wise, the All-Merciful One." Tho yonng man's hand dropped listlessly upon tho hard pillow Mahommad Ali seated himself cross- legged beside him on tho deck. His nativo habits seemed to return at once with that simple unenenmberiug native dress. He fanned the sufferer gently with his hand. For a long while ho sat and watched in unbrokon 6ilenco. Both tho patients, relieved by the chango and tho loosening of their clothes, sccmod half to drop into tho drowsy condi tion. After a wbilo he spoke in a low voice again. " Your namo?" he asked simply, as the patient opened his eyes for a moment. "Ivan Boyle," tho young man answered as in a dream. The Indian bowed his head, and said nothing. Ho only shaded his eyes with his hands from tho glure of tho snn, and gazed across tho unruffled expanse of 6ca towards tho Covo of Polperran on tho eager look out for Harry Chichelo's expocted arrival. "I hopo ho'll remember to bring fresh water," he mnrmured, half to himself. «' The water on board must all bo horribly infected by this time. I bopo ho'll remember to bring everything. Bnt, thank goodness, Hairy has a clear head. Wo need it, too, with a caso like this on hond. But wo'll pull him through still, with tho help of Allah," Chatter in. For full two hours tho Iodiau doctor sat, crosslogged, on tho yacht's deck, under the awning of his improvised tont, closely watch ing tho pinched faces of his two now and unknown patients. Ho sat thero all tho time with tho trne East Indian cat-liko patience, fanning their faces alternately with his hands, aud listening eagerly for tho dip <>f oars npon the distant water. At last,, a faint plash irom beyond tho second headland seemed to fall upon his qniek senses. He stood np, put_ his opon palm, shell-shaped, to his ear, and strained his hearing ' to its utmost pitch of absorbed attention. Yes, yes, it was the plash of oars, nndonbtedly. Harry Chichelo tnnst bo coming, at length, to aid and relievo him. Tho plash of oars grew ncaror end nearer. and men's voices could bo distinctly heard round tho sharp corner of the granito head land. Presently, they turned tho point of sor pentino rock, and emerged, at lost, into full view. Thero wero two boats, ono behind the other. In tho first sat four stout Cornish fisherman. In tho second, towed behind it by a Tope, Harry Chichelo was seated alone, in solemn silence. Tho boats drew up about 200 yaids from the yacht's moorings. Then the men leaned npon their oars, and threw off the ropo with which they were towing Harry Chichelo. Harry had a pair of light sculls in his own boat. With them ho rowed himself hastily alongside, nnd Mohammad Ali, loaning over the gunwale, flung out a hawser, aud hauled him ou board. Thoy mado tho small boat fast, iu silence, to the stern. Then the four fishermen waved them adieu onco more with their hands, and glided away in hot haste from the infected purlieus, leaving thoso two onco more alone, and faco to faco with the deadly pestilence. Mohammad Ali's lip curled as before with inexpressible contempt as ho gazed back upon the retreating boat's crow. " Theso fellows were afraid for their own skins, I suppose," he said, with a scornful gesture, as he turned away. " Wouldn't come within half a milo of the danger of infection 1" "No," Harry Chichelo answered, still making fast the ropes, and palling in his be longings from tho small boat. "Not a sonl could I get to come aboard. If yon want to see what cowards men can ho upon occasion, just ask them to face an unknown epidemic. Most men aro bravo enough in the presence 'of a danger that yon can fight to the face with thews and muscles and active energy ; but when it comes to a danger that you have to oppose passively and unresistingly, the best of them will back out of it as gracefully as pos sible. We medical men are the only one3 who will take a risk of this sort upon ourselves with out a moment's hesitation." " Nobody would come ?" " No, nobody. Tho whole village is simply mad with terror. That is to say, nobody, except Miss Tregcllas, the rector's danghter. She volunteered to come and help us nurse — she's been trained in one of these local institu tions, I fancy — hut as there was no other woman willing to chanco it, of course, her father couldn't allow her to come aboard with us," " What have you done, then, and what do you propose doing ?" " Oh, I just tclcgraphe- up to tho authori ties at Falmouth, asking them if they could send us a couple of men to tako the yacht round into Falmouth Harbor for the necessary quarantine, and, meanwhile, if they don't hurry, I propose wo should lio by here for to night ; we're pretty well under shelter whero we are, and unless tlio wind rises, which doesn't seem likely, wo ought to manage very well till morning. " You'vo brought water?" " Yes. Water, medicines, food and disin fectants." " That's welL Now wo must get to work in oarncst. Ono of the cases is already in col lapse, the other may be saved if we tako it in hand systematically and promptly." Without wasting auothcr minute on talk, the doctors went silently and quietly to work, nnd soon had treated both their patients with all the caro modern science has been able to suggest. They kept theui still bivouacked on the open deck — that was far better than tho stuffy little cabin — nnd thero they tended them with cease less attention till noon was past, and evening began to draw in upon them. Harry hud brought provisions in the boat and fresh clothes for Mohammad Ali. But it was not till the heat of tho day was fairly past that the Indian consented to put them on and give up tho free dom i-f his simplo costume. By fivo o'clock they had made themselves quite at home upon the yacht, and had even brewed themselves a cap of tea, with water from tho cask Harry brought with him. The evening was warm, though a slight breezo had now risen, and after a short consultation they both decided it would bo better to leave their patients on dock than entrast them to the mercies of the stnffy little cabin. All through the cvoning they sat and watched, talking in a low tono ono to the other, nnd attending to the many wants of their charges. The boy, as Mohammad Ali had per ceived from the first, was slowly sinking ; but tho man Boylo. revived by tho powerful medi cines Harry had brought, showed signs of throwing off tho poison of tho discaso. And as thoy sat and talked, the breezo grew gradu ally fresher and fresher, and the yacht began to sway about, with a long swinging motion, ou tho loppy surface. " Good thing for the patients, this nice cool wind," Mohammad Ali observed complacently. "But I hope it won't get up much stronger before morning, for it's veered around to the east, I see, and we're lying hero off a leo shore now. It'd bo awkward if it wero to como on to blow hard. We neithor of us know much about yachting." " Oh, no fear," Harry Chichole answored, in an unconcernod louo, with a glance to wind ward. " The breezo won't rise, and if it does, I understand enough about sailing to keep the Soamew beating about afloat till morning. You should sea this coast in a good storm ; it's just magnificent. I wouldn't liko a blow, though, myself, for ono thing. Theso aro two very interesting cases. You've watched cholera before, of coarse, in India, so it doesn't matter very much to you ; bnt for mo this is a rare opportunity. It'd ho a nuisanco to havo tho cases disturbed nnd bo provonted from seeing them out to thoir fall conclusion. Now, you couldn't possibly havo two nicer or moro typi cal cases than theso ; because tho boy'll die, and the man, I expect, will pull through somehow. So, if nothing untoward intervenes to prevent it, I shall havo a splendid chance of seeing tho courso of tho discaso in hoth direc tions — death and recovery." The Indian looked at him with a strange and doubtful gleam in his large mild eyes. "Harry," ho said, "you'ro a very strange fellow. I never saw any man in my life so professional as you aro. You seem to tako only a scientific interest in all your patients ; you nevor regard them for a moment, it seems to mo, as object ot living human sympathy." Harry laughed. "Medicine is medicine, after ail, my dear boy," he answored lightly. "One's first business is to watch one's ease ; and I do love a good case, I don't deny it. It's an acquired taste, but it's necessary — it's neces sary. . Without it, we could havo no true science — nothing but a sort of generous and unsatisfactory sympathetic guess work. Mohammad Ali looked at him and mused. " Begum Johanna of Dcoband," he began at last " Oh, bother Begum Johanna of Deobnnu,- tho young Englishman interrupted hastily. " No offence meant to your countiy, Ali; but this is hardly the moment, I take it, for particulars as to begnins, past, present or future." Mohammad Ali answered nothing, ilo merely stroked his meditative chin in silence, very much Arab fashion, and watched his English friend again with close attention. " Your grandfather, Sir Isaac Chichelo," h- began once more, " when ho was governor of tho North-West Provinces " But before he could get any further with hil sentence, Ivan Boyle, the elder of their two unknown patients, raised his head feebly from his pillow, and, in a parched voice, asked querulously for a drop of water. Harry roso quick and light at once to fetch it, and held it to his dry and fevered lips with care and patience almost equal to Mohammad Ali's own. The grateful light shone once more in Boyle's sunken eyes, and he muttered " Thank yon " with a fervent earnestness which meant far more than tho words con veyed of heartfelt gratitude. The evening was now closing in fast, and tho sea was rising everywhere aronnd them. It was, indeed, a strange and weird situation. Thoy lay alone there, two landsmen togethei In sole charge of that pestilential yacht, with two patients smitten with a terriblo disease huddled on deck helpless before them. All round tho sea was beginning, under the influence of light and fitful gusts, to lop and shiver. White crests were gathering on the higher waves. In front stretched that iron- bouud Cornish coast, beset with crag and pillar and pinnacle, a terror to far more experienced seamen. The stars came out one by ono in the sky overhead. The long lights glimmered i> linos across the dancing waves from the houso. of Polperran. A shrill breeze whistled now and agaiu through the bare rigging. Every thing spoke of solitude and danger. But those two brave men, unconscious of it still, moved abont qnictly from bod to bed, and miuistered with hands unshaken to the wants aud necessities of tho two poor creatures whom till that very day they had never even beheld before. " If the wind goes on rising like ims,'- Mohammad Ali murmured, as ha fixed a light unsteadily to the foremast, ' ' we shall have to take them downstairs to the cabin, or she'll be shipping seas, and they'll probably get a fatal wetting." " It'll be hard if wo must," Harry Chichole answered, balancing himself landsman-like on the rolling deck, "for thoy won't have hall such a chance below as they have up here in tho full fresh air." On shore that night tho gossips of Polperran sat lato discussing the strange yacht in the little road-side village public. Sensations were rare indeed at Polperran. Sometimes, to be sure, in the height of tho pilchard season an ill-fatod smack went down on the serried sunken rocks about the end of the Lizard ; and some times, in thick November weather, a great West Indian or American liner lost her way hopelessly among the bays andcovos. and dashed bcr huge bulk to pieces at last upon the solid cliffs of those grim and gloomy granite head lands. But such a lurid sensation as a cholera ship standing off the cove itself was quite a novelty to tho village wiseacres ; and they sat far beyond the legal hours (on plea of public necessity constraining them) in eager conclave as to the action likely to bo taken by tho Fal mouth authorities. It was a wild night on the Euglish Channel The storm came on with almost tropical rapidity. All through tho evening the wind kept rising witli increasing force, till at last, as tho church clock of Polperran tolled out eleven, tho solitary coastguardsman turned to his report shcot, and marked it down on the Admiralty paper as ' half a galo "with official accuracy. A minute later a sudden gust burst with fierce violence against tho walls of his shelter. The coastguardsman toiled alono up tho dark path — it was a moonless night — that led along tho brow of the jagged precipices marked out by white washed stones at even dis tances, and looked anxiously oat to sea for signs of distress from any passing smack or schooner. " Wonder how that thero cholera yacht gets on through this?" ho thought to himself, as he neared the crag that hemmed in tho bay where the Seamow was riding alone at anchor. "Bad weather to-night on a lee shore. Hard living for a yacht in a squall liko this. She's got ne sea-room, and they're raw hands. Shouldn'l be surprised if she dragged her anchor." He hnrricd on with blind steps to the sum mit of tho jutting crag, and carefully approach ing the steep edge of that tremendous precipice, where tho cliff toppled over with a sheer des cent into 600 feet of thick darkness, he peered cautiously down into tho black abyss at his feet to spy ont tho whereahnnts of the suspicious Seamew. Down, down, down, yaras and yards ana yards below, ia that dizzy black chasm thai yawned beneath him, a single light, fastened al a masthead, swayed and tottored, liko a will-o'- the-wisp, through the gloom and mystery of thai tempostuous evening. The coastguard lay on hii faco upon tho edgo of tho cliff, and gazed ovci iu horror on that solitary gleam cast feebly np from tho abysmal darkness. Tho Seamew must liavo dragged her anchor, indeed, and must now ho on the very verge of dashing, alone and unmanned save by thoso two unskilful lands men, against the naked base of thoso terrific precipices. It was a tcrrihle situation. Sho was slowly nearing tho dangerous crags. By tho dim light of the single lamp he could otcd make out the reflection on the white spray that broke in sheets ef beaten foam against the fierce line of granito barriers. Tho Seamow was hardly holding off at all ; another gust mnst surely dash her against them, and grind her to atoms between tho raping waves and the solid wall of upreariug precipice. " She can't hold off, no matter how they handle herl" tho coastguardsman cried aloud to himself, as ho stumbled back into tho path by tho whitewashed landmarks, and hurried down with trembling footstoos to the Cove ot Polperran. Beforo he got there, tho wind, swooping down upon tho hay from tho dalos and valloys, was raving wildly npon the little beach. N< man ut-Polperron had ever beheld snch a night beforo. For suddenness and fierceness the onslaught was terrific; tho fall fury of thi gala had broken forth with the torn of the tide, and nothing now could save tho Seamew, Even if tho most experienced hands in Pol perran had manned her that Right there wal no living, oil lea shore, in so. terrible a tempest The storm in its might conld have lifted her up and dashed her against the preci pices as a child might dash a bottle against the wall. It was all up with the dreaded cholera vessel. The folk at the public house rose at once as the coastguard pushed his white face in at the door, and cried aloud of the danger of (he Sea- mew. ' Oae moment before, the gossips of Pol- perrau had no thought save how to keep that hateful cholera ship at a safe distance. But with the first breath of peril from the sea the seamen's instinct roso strong and irrepressible within them, and every man cried with one accord, "Come od to the cove I 17c must launch the lifeboat !'' The two fishermen who had rowed oat Harry and Mohammad Ali that morning were the first to lush down eagerly to the shore, ana help oat with the boat on her mission of morcy. The others followed in hot haste, and pushed the big craft, creaking and groaning, through tbo roaring 6urf, that now beat in huge breakers upon the narrow cove and its gnnrdian headlands. Tbo coxswain stood up at his place iu the stern, the crowd on shore cheered tastily, and the lifeboat, driven ahead by twenty strong arms, ploughed her way, baffled and dashed back, with stont endurance through the foam and spray of the white crested bil lows. It was hard work to round the first headland inloihe outer bay, where the Seamow that morn ing had fixed her moorings. The wind dashed tho lifeboat wildly towards the solitary stacks that rose in tall pinnacles from the end of the point, and the sea, bursting over them time and again, threatened to wash tho rowers bodily from their seats. The storm took the very breath oat of their bodies. But those stout Cornish hearts endured for all that, and by ' sheer dint of tbows and muscles, straining and laboring, battled the fierce fury of that End- den gain till they nlinost reached the stranded side ol the now drilling and helpless Searaew. Every man nerved his arms to tho work, and every heart on shore stood still with awe as the two lights on the stormy water, tossiug and wavering on the crest of the spray, drew nearer and nearer one to another. Would they ever reach her ? Could they ever lie by her ? Had she hot got too far among the breakers ? . At last, in tho deep trongh of the long swelling wave, the lifeboat, taking advantage of a momentary lull, drove herself close along side, and the coxswain, rising eager in his place, caught hold of a hawser finag out to to him with all the mad energy of despair by sn unseen hand on the deck of the Seamew.' ; She was lying close under tho black rocks, just held off by the hack current force of the undertow, and ready in one moment to grate awfully against the dark stacks that rose to the abyss of darkness abovo. The surf was ham mering and pounding against her sides ; spray and brine blinded' their eyes ; the rear of the breakers deafened fheir cars. Boiling and seething wildly in its swirling rage, the sea seemed ready to swamp and fonnder them. What happened in tbo next evontful five minutes no single actor in that terrible scene conld ever have recovered. A wild phantasmagoria of foam and rocks and driven water floated with horrible vividness and reality before them. A fierce wind whistled madly through the torn and tattered rigging of the yncht, A great black wall of reck and crag rose ominous in front to the dnsky vault ol heaven overhead. Below, two helpless hulls tossed and rolled with infinite jars and shocks, and colliding broadsides one against the other. And out of it all, dimly perceived, and but half realised, two dark figures, encircled in spray, loomed uncertain upon the heaving ana groamog deck ol ttio Seamew — two dark figures, etched ont against the sky, erect and strong, but bearing each in his 6tout arms a strange burden, wrapped up ia swathes of muffling bed-clotiics How fhcy ever got into the lifeboat nobody knew. These great critical moments of our lives pass to fast, and absorb our iumost ener gies tco profoundly to be ever consciously re cognised or perceived by us. Bat a minute later, ono thing was certain ; the lifeboat had headed around onco more through the boister ous billows for Polpcrran Cove, four strange objects cowered and huddled at the bottom by tho stern, and the wreck of the Seamew, a helpless derelict, was shivering and crashing its snapped limbers in a mad onslaught against the ironi wall of those gigantic overhanging granite precipices, Tiioy heard her crash against the crags in one fierce burst of asssu'.t. Even above the roar and howling of wind and sea, the groans of her beams, as they broke short like twigs, grated upon their cars. Next moment, they saw tho Seamew no more, but a rushing mass of white water iu her place, aud a black wall of ock beyond it. 