Tales and Sketches. At Their Gates. " Heavens! that was a near shave," re- marked Archie Gould, leaning back from the box of the landau to address his mother and Colonel Westerfield who had just come down from town. " An inch nearer and-the gate would have been on the horses' noses. That woman's a fool, mother, for I am sure the gate is not heavy enough to account for her strange behaviour." "Stop the horses, Archie," said the Colonel eagerly. "I must get out. I think the gate struck the poor creature ; she looked to me in a terribly weak state." "Pray don't stop now," said Lady Mildred languidly. "I will send to en quire. Anyhow it does not matter. Those sort of people are accustomed to blows. I daresay her husband beats her -every night, and a stroke more or less won't hurt her. She is a mystery, Colonel Westerfield ! Mr. Gould declares she is a lady. Did you ever hear such nonsense ?" "Nonsense!" chimed in Archie. "Why her husband is understrapper about the ■woods, and, by Jove ! I very believe he poaches far more than he preserves. I sever pass their house without being sure that I can smell game cookiDg. By the way, Colonel Westerfield, we have a glorious time before us to-morrow, though I expect after India you will turn up your nose at a quiet day in the swedes." " Not I, indeed," replied the Colonel, .still looking back at the tiny cottage that was rapidly disappearing as the horses quickly left it behind, nearing as they did so the great white house which Lady Mildred had obtained in equitable ex change for her name and family. " I -v»^«MO0Tjrtfust you"will allow me a really old fashioned walk with good dogs, then I shall ask for nothing. But, Lady Mil dred," he added, turning to his hostess, " I should much like to ask after your gatekeeper, as I feel she was injured in cur service." " You always were a Quixote, Harry," murmured her ladyship, "and I do not suppose even India has made you less of a one. Walk down after dinner Mr. Gould has a prejudice, one of many, I am sorry to say, against tobacco ; and your after-dinner smoke must be taken either in the gardens or the conservatory far thest away from the house so yonr visit to the Lodge will be all your day's work. At the same time pray do net say any thing that shall take Mrs. Stokesley out of her place. She may be expecting me to call every time she looks pale, and that you know, would be ridiculous. I have timethen, with a sigh and a co quettish glance, she remarked, " Time goes so dreadfully fast, fancy me with a grown-up son. I suppose you find me altered out of all knowledge ?" "Not altered in the very least. I should have recognised you anywhere," said Colonel Westerfield, thinking how very little the wife of the rich merchant had Changed from the selfish, impecunious girl he remembered—sacrificing him among several others to obtain anything required. "And no one would take Archie for your son if he were not always calling you mother. He has not one of the De Yere features that I can see." " No, poor, dear boy ; he is a Gould all over," sighed Lady Mildred. " But let us forgret disagreeable subjects, Colonel Westerfield, if we can—at all events until Mr. Gould returns. See, here is the bouse. The architecture is of course impossible, but I have done my best to make the interior habitable." Aud she led the way through the front door, left hospitably open to the park; and at which the carriage had drawn up as they spoke, into a hall where both Ifbmfort and beauty had been admirably Blended in an extensive manner, that (poke well for Mr. Gould's purse aud Lady Mildred's taste and powers of spend ing. "Are you going to moon about and drink tea with mother," asked Archie, rushing in after driving round to the stables to make sure the gate had not in jured Trumpeter's or Drummer-boy's angelic brown noBe, "or will you come out and see the dog, Colonel 1 Skyes says, mother,'' he added, without giving Colonel Westerfield the time to answer his enquiry, " that Mrs. Stokesley let go the gate when she saw Colonel Wester field's face, and that she looked as if she had met a ghost. Isn't that queer ?" " That woman is the talk of the place. Pray do not bring the stable gossip in here, Archie," interrupted his mother, impatiently ringing the silver bell that hung just above the centre table in the hall. " Hew could she possibly have known Colonel Westerfield ? She has not been here six months, and he has been in India five years. Tea, Boston," and she sat down in one of the big wicker chairs, and planted two small, silk-stock inged, and tan shod feet at the right angle to catch the not too observing eyes that belonged to her eld lover. Just such a pair of feet had stood at the top of the long oak. staircase, and caught his eyes as he turned away from the Manor twenty years before—his heart heavy with freshly imparted knowledge of Mildred's engagement to Archibald Gould ; and in less time than it tabes to tell it, Colonel Westerfield had sunk into another deep arm-chair and back in thought in the days of old, when his first hope was to be able to guide those feet into pleasant paths, where they conld walk side by side, and when duty, love, ambition, were all set on one side to fol low the lead of one of the most daring ond beautiful of the debutantes 1860. Ob, the days of old, bow potent was their spell! India had been his portion save for one furlough, in which he had seen nothing of the Goulds, he feared to find that he was still enslaved, -yrfc India \ could not deaden those memories or ob \literate those pictures that appeared to ?lide by bin, as he sat there' in Mr. Mould's hall, sipping Mr, Gould's tea, and endeavouring to keep himself suf ficiently in the present to be able to an swer rationally. When Archie spoke Lady Mildred murmured a commonplace that kept appropriate accompaniment to his thought, " What a lucky escape ! However could I have made such a fool of myself over such a wind-bag ?" Yet memory forced him to recollect it all: to remember how he had flung away from home, where his fathers and brothers lived a half-civilised, wholly reckless life surrounded with grooms and dogs and horses; where his only sister grew up untamed, and scarcely educated, to disappear from the hall with her groom, to the rage and despair of her father, who vowed vengeance against her, and to the pious horror, and a chorus of " I told you so" from the neighbourhood, that always stood aloof from the Westerfields ever since Mrs. Westerfield's death, and that was only too glad to see in Miss Westerfield's elopement, not only the dis tinct finger of Providence, but a pleasant fulfilment of one of the many prophesies , of evil to their neighbours, in which the neighbourhood itself particularly rejoiced. "A penny for your thoughts," said Archie, as he tried to make Oscar, the Skye terrier, balance a piece of buttered cake on his nose. " Both you and mo ther seem a trifle dull this afternoon." " The shadow of the past lies heavily upon me," replied the Colonel with short laugh. " My thoughts would not be worth your penny, Archie; they are written in an obsolete language, and would be as incomprehensible to you as Hebrew." "Tell them to me, then," suggested Lady Mildred tenderly. " Oh, here is Mr. Gould," she added impatiently, as a tall red-faced man entered the hall abruptly ; " this will put them aflight to the past, if anything can," and she leaned back once more in her chair and sipped her tea, when a dead silence fell upon the party, that was scarcely broken until the dressing bell rang. Indeed, Mr. Gould's presence seemed as heavy as his body, and a feeling of constraint subdued Archie and silenced Colonel Westerfield, resulting in desultory conversation on mild and common place subjects : a conversation only light ened now and then by ill-bred sarcasms levelled at her husband by Lady Mildred, which, however, might have been San scrit quotations for any impression they made on the calm, self- satisfied City man, and which made the Colonel shudder and thank heaven mentally for having pre served him alive and scatheless from the hands of the enemy. However, he could not help thinking over the past, as the dreary meal was brought to an abrupt end by Mr. Gould passing the wine to him, and hiding his rubicund countenance under a big white handkerchief announcing that he was going to have his usual uap. The Colonel carefully avoided any possible snare left for him by Lady Mildred, and escaped down the billiard-room lobby into the kitchen-garden, from whence he intended to make his way to the lodge. Somehow or other he recollected things he had not thought of for years, and he was so ab sorbed with his own dreams that he found himself at his destination almost before he knew in the least where he was. Intense quiet hung about the lodge ; the windows were open, for the evening was sultry, and the white curtains waved too aud fro in the darkness, like pale hands beckoning to him to come in. The Colonel opened the tiny gate, aud geing up the neatly-kept path which led between two banks of straggling autumnal flowers that leant forward and touched him as he passed, knocked gently at the half-opened door. There was no response. The Colonel again rapped louder, this time using the knob of his cane, but still no sound was audible. He pushed the door wide open and peered in. The darkness was lighted a very little by the flickering of a tiny fire, and in a few moments he could see that the room was empty ; he advanced a step or two, and, striking a match, apptied it to a candle that was on the table. Holding up this unsavoury luminary, the Colonel gazed round the small kit chen—an ordinary one, but scrupulously clean—and saw nothing to remark : the silence was still unbroken ; the Colonel stamped a little on the brick floor, cleared his throat vigorously, and then poked the fire; and he was about to give up his quest in despair, when an inner door opened, and on the staircase that went straight up out of the kitchen presumably to the rooms above, stood a tall black figure that appeared to bim to have some thing strangely familiar about it. All at once the truth flashed across him, he put the candle down hastily, and advanced, holding out his hands and exclaiming: " Mary, good God, Mary ! what are you doing here ?" "Nay, rather, what are you doing here, Harry 1" she said, coming forward and placing the lamp she carried on the chim ney-piece, "could you not leave me alone ? Why have you come to seek ne out?" " I never knew you were here," stam mered the Colonel; " how could I ? I came here to ask after the gate-woman. The horses, or something, nearly fright ened her to death when she opened the gate for us this afternoon. By the way, Mary, have you called to see her ? Good heaveDS! why it is thirteen years since we met. I haven't seen you since " " Since I ran away with George Stokes ley, Harry," said Mrs. Stokesley, eon- ' eluding the sentence that came to a some what lame conclusion, owing to the Colonel suddenly recollecting when and where his sister had last met. " Well, I am "the gate-woman ; the gate did not hurt me in the^Ieafft; timnk you. I was naturally Untried at sedjfng you ; I never expected to meet one' of ray brothers here; although I remembered you knew the mistresB, I never fancied you would care to come to Mr. Gould's house." " The mistress!" ejaculated the Golo nel angrily. " It is no good to shirk the truth/' an swered Mrs. Stokesley calmly. " She is the mistress ; I do her washing, and very glad I am of the job too. Won't yon sit down, Harry 1 it's as cheap as standing, and as you are here, I should dearly like a few words with you. I promise to curt sey to you respectfully, however, when you drive through with her ladyship." "Pshaw!" remarked her brother, " where is that fellow, Stokesley ?" " Please be civil at least in that fellow's house," said Mrs. Stokesley, quietly seat ing herself by the fire, where a small saucepan began to bubble angrily, giving signs of requiring attention ; "my bus band is out, be will not be in just yet." " Are you happy 1" demanded the Co lonel fiercely ; " will you come away with me 2 now this moment," and be seized a shawl banging on the chair, and held it, as if he wished to put it around her. " Pray, pray be calm," said his sister, "and let me answer your questions. Happy, no ; but wbo is happy ? George and I have nothing in common, of course ; but then how many husbands and wives have ? Have the Goulds ? Have the Duke and Duchess on the next estate? Why, her maid told me they never speak, and he—but there, I have nothing to do with them." Then, after a few moment's pause, she added: " Let me tell you how things stand, Harry, and then I will tell you what you can do for me. In a mo ment of foolish, idiotic passion, I threw my all, and lost. I had heard Lord Ar thur laughing at me in the.hunting field, with his cousins ; that was enough, no oue loved me, nq one cared for me, but George, poor George—his love, rough as it is, has never failed me. And when I sicken at my lot, and shrink from bim, as I do—as I do, woe's me, though I take 1 care he never sees it—I remember all he has tried to be, and I forget what I was. Lord Arthur's cannot tell the story I can tell of my husband's devotion and care. I alienated him from all his own people, and I shall remain with him until death solves the problem of living for me. I try to keep him straight, and I educate the children a little better than the vil lage schoolmaster does, and the boys are steady, fine fellows; one so like you, Harry." " Then there are children ?" asked the Colonel, his heart sinking into his boots. "Pour—three boys and a girl," said his sister, clasping her hands, " and it is of her I would speak, she is eleven, old enough not to be a trouble, young enough to be made a lady of. Will you take her, Harry, for the sake of the sister, whose girl-hood you left unprotected, for the mother who died when I was born 1 A good school, and a fair start, and Trixy may have the beautiful lady's I threw away in one mad moment. Will yon do this? See, you shall look at her," and rising hurriedly, the poor woman ran to j the wooden door, and called softly up the j staircase, " Come down, Trixy, I want you." Even in the coarse print frock and pinafore that marked her estate, there was no doubt that Trixy was no common child. Her long fair curls were like a j fairy princess's, and her calm blue eyes looked out of au open, candid face that | was inherited from a long line of Wester | fields, and that had its counterpart on the walls of the Westerfield picture-gai , lery in more than one "Vandyck and Sir Joshua. Colonel Westerfield spoke to the child kindly, watched her anxiously while she perf Aned some slight duties sat by her mother, to account for the call; and then as she disappeared once mora upstairs, he said— "If I take her, what will you do what will Stokesley say ?" "We have often spoken of giving her to one of my brothers, and she knows, too, that this may happen," replied Mrs. Stokesley. "My heart is broken long ago, Harry; nothing can hnrt me now. Will you save my child from falling lower than I have done ? Already Lady Mil dred has Bpoken of teaching her to be her little maid. Think of Mr. Gould and Archie, and then of Trixy's looks, and save her from her fate. She is your flesh and blood, Harry, after all." Colonel Westerfield thought deeply for a few minutes. Janie Allerdiec would marry him. He only wanted to see if he was cured of his fancy for Lady Mildred before saying the last fatal word. She was goodness and purity itself. He would tell her this story. Oh, it must— it could—be managed ! " Could she be ready to-morrow week?" he asked rising from his chair. " I have a plan. Of course yon could come and see her occasionally, though I'd rather not meet Stokesley." "No. I give her to you entirely," said Mrs. Stokesley. "Oh, Harry, if you will do this for me no words can tell you how grateful I shall be. I shall live over again in Trixy, and try to make her brothers worthy of her." "I can't have them hanging round," said the Colonel hastily. " Boys I can sot bear, and all your children cannot look like Trixy does." "Hone shall trouble you, Harry; I promise that," answered his sister, flush ing warmly. "How good-bye—that is to say, if yon don't want to meet George. To-morrow you are Colonel Westerfield, and I am the gate-woman ; but a line to Mrs. Stokesley with your washing, you know, will tell me where to send Trixy." " I'd take her myself," answered the Colonel, going towards the door as he spoke. "Ho, that would never do. I don't want my lady to give ub warning. My husband has a very good place here, and he must keep it," said Mrs. Stokesley. "Pi! send her or bnng her, whichever you like." "Bring her then on Friday at three,' replie# the Colonel, scribbling an address on- hit card, and giving it to his sister. "Anc$ Mary/' he added, bending down and kissing her, " if you can make up your mind to come too, Fll do my best to make you forget all this." 1 " Too late, Harry, teo late!" said Mrs.v Stokesley sadly. " I have made my bed, and must lie on it, such as it is. I can never enter into society again. I shall be content if only Trixy can be saved." " Well, good night; and if you change your mind—oh, here's some one," he added, as a man's form came up the path. " Is that you, Archie ?" "Yes, it is," replied the youth jauntily. " Hie, Mrs. Stokesley, I want you to put more starch in my collars. A fellow has no Btyle without plenty of starch. Don't forget, will you ?" " Ho, sir. Good night, Colonel Wes terfield," replied Mrs. Stokesley respect fully. Then, as the Colonel and Archie turned away, she closed the door, and sinking on her knees by the round table, sobbed aloud. " Whatever the mater says," remarked Archie sapiently, as he took the Colonel's unwilling arm, "itgive3 real style to a place to have a woman with a figure like that at the gates." 