MEETING OF SAWMILL PROPRIETORS. A largely attended meeting of sawmill proprietors was held 011 Saturday afternoon, at the Tarragon Hotel (King and Sussex streets), for the purpose of considering the steps to be taken in connection with the initiation of an export timber trade. Mr. Hugh M'Kinnon was in the chair, and amongst those present were :— Messrs. Joseph Laurie, F. Pickering, Joseph Booth, Joseph Franklin, James Fenning, J. Monaghan, John Eyles, W. Hitchcock, F. Buckle, John Smith, Wm. Jennings, John Hibbard, W. S. Targett, H. M'Kinnon, James Robinson, Edward Davis, John Hunter and Win. Fagaji. The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, said that he felt thankful for the honour they had conferred on him • in requesting him to preside over such an influential and representative meeting, for he saw before him a number of gentlemen who had come to Sydney at considerable expense and inconvenience, and who were here with a view of further developing one of the most important industries of this colony—namely, the timber trade. Twenty years ago a traveller through our coast district would have found only the fertile banks of our rivers utilised. The pioneer farmers had settled on the agricultural lands, but between the rivers were large tracts of country covered with some of the most durable and useful timber to be found in the world. The timber industry was then in its infancy, but in travelling along the coast district some three years ago he found that sawmill-owners had gone to work in earnest in developing the timber indistry, and that some hundreds of sawmills (many of which were then cutting 40,000 feet per week) had been erected, and were affording employment to thousands of men. The industry was then in a fiourshing condition, and the Government were deriving a large revenue from it. But now we find that there is an alarming depression existing, in consequence the mills were only employing half the number of hands, and only half the number of sailing vessels were now employed in conveying the timber to •narket; thus a great number of men were thrown out of employment, and matters were assuming a very serious aspect. The millowners, seeing that an export timber trade would revive business in connection with this industry, have had meetings on the Northern rivers, and decided to come to Town and form a deputation to wait on the Government, and ask for some assistance in sending delegates home for the purpose of opening up a trade. He saw no reason why the Government should not contribute a share, inasmuch as such a trade would certainly be a national benefit, and the inauguration of the scheme would be as much entitled to Government aid as were the Water Conservation Commissions, Imperial Conference delegates and other of a similar character. The object of this meeting was to endeavour to obtain such aid, and he trusted that their endeavours would not be in vain. On the motion of Mr. Laurie J.P. Laurieton, the following petition was adopted for presentation to the Minister for Mines, asking for a Government grant of £1000, as a contribution towards defraying the expenses of sending home delegates to represent the mill owners, in order tofuither the object of the meeting :—The humble petition of the sawmill proprietors of New South Wales humbly sheweth ; 1. That there are now in this colony upwards of 300 saw mills, which have been erected at an enormous expense, and which have hitherto given employment to several thousand men. 2. That there has been for some time past an alarming depression existing in connection with the timber trade of this colony, in consequence of which hundreds of men have been thrown out of employment, apd in many instances the saw mills and working appliances are lying idle, as is also the case with the greater portion of that large fleet of sailing vessels usually employed in the timber trade. 3. That, as there are in this colony many thousand acres covered with the finest description of hardwood, we are of opinion that, if the matter were properly represented at home, a trade might be opened up with the mother country by which our surplus timber would find an outlet, and thus an industry which is now languishing, would soon become flourishing, and consequently productive of a much larger revenue than is at present derived from it. 4. That, in view of the foregoing facts, and seeing that the opeuing up of such a trade would be a national benefit, we are of -opinion that the Government should bear a share of the expense in having the matter represented at lnme. Your petitioners therefore beg most refpectfully to ask that the amonnt of £1000 be granted towards de- fraying the expences of sending home delegates to represent the mill-owners in opening an export timber trade. And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray." Mr. Laurie, in moving the resolution, stated that he had lately returned from England, and while there had made made inquiries into this matter. He found that the home counties were almost destitute of durable timber, and were obliged to use soft ^ ood for the paving of streets, railway sleepers, and for dock purposes. He had an enterview with a gentleman who was an authority on these matters, and he was told that there was an unlimited demand for such timber as we had here if it could be delivered at 17s. to 20s. per 100 feet superficial measurement. He was thoroughly sanguine that the project, if properly carried out, would be successful. Mr. HUBBARD (Port Macquarie) seconded the resolmtion, which was supported by Alderman F. Buckle (Prymont), and Mr. John Smith, of the Bellinger River, who was of opinion that a large timber trade might be initiated with the old country, e|^pially in regard to railway material. Hj^^mirtrayed the decadeiice of the timber t^^^Bd stated tliat whereas he had £inftld^^^H<vorkinun in the past, he was now employing only or bout 20, and unless some material improve" ment in the the trade toook place he would have to close his establishment altogether. A numbers of other mill-owners spoke to the same effect. On the motion of Mr. JENNINGS (Port Macquarie), seconded by Mr. FHANICLIN it was resolved that a deputation, consisting of Messrs. J. Lourie, \V. Targett, W. Hitchcock, John Hunter, Joseph Franklin, John /Smith, John Hibbard, W. Jennings, ahd Hugh M'Kinnon, wait upon ^he Minister for Mines at a quarter-past 11 this morning for the purpose of ppesenting the petitien. It was arranged that the deputation should be introduced by Messrs. R. B. Tniith and A. Kethel, Ms.L.A. MR. LAGERLOW. A CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMITY is to a Selector whet a Deed of Grant is to a Free- holder, viz.:—a Title to his Land. It is a document issued bythp Under- Secretary for Lands, certifying that the Minister is satisfied that the conditions of residence and improvements have been fulfilled, and that, upon payment of balance of Purchase money and Deed fee, a Deed of Grant .vill issue. A Selector holding one of these Certificates need not be afraid of being brought before a Couro of Inquiry. Every selector should therefore apply for his Certificate as soon as he has made his final Declarations, and F. O. Lagerlow will do this for him for a few shillings.—ADVT. THE LAST STONEWALL. Obstruction in the Legislative Assembly under the old rules gave up the ghost early yesterday afternoon. An adjournment was agreed to at 4 o'clock, when the House had almost completed its twenty-fourth hour of continuous talk. The sittiug was marked, like others under similar circumstances, by much recklessness of language, by excited appeals to the Speaker, followed by scenes of more or less disorder and degradation. The cause of the stonewall was the proposal by Sir Henry Parkes that certain additions should be made to the Standing orders of the House. If the speech of the Prenier and of one or two other members be excepted, there was no legitimate discussion on the new rules. The greater part of the sitting was consumed in vain appeals for adjournment, urged and supported by bogus arguments. No disguise was made on either side of the sanguinary intention to fight and to fight it out. The opposition made it evident during the small hours of Friday that they would have an adjournment while the Premier with unwonted vehemence, proclaimed the intention of the Government to secure a division or sit till Sunday. Accordingly, Mr. Chanter took the floor and whiled a,way several wearisome hours in advancing reasons why the debate should bo adjourned. Here and there the course of the vapid stream was broken by an interjection, which Mr- Chanter took up and traced to its source, enlarging all the time on the hardship of having to quit his proper channel to meet the interruptions. At last this grievance ceised, and the fount of the Murray gentleman's eloquence dried up. Had the interjections continued, it is confidently believed that Mr. Chanter would be talking yet! Mr. Gorinly as an obstructionist would be a hideous joke and yet his wakefulness while Mr. Chanter was taking to a tired House over topics as sterile as the Oid Man Plain in drought time evidenced dangerous intentions. A shrill voice from the back benches was heard simiutanonsly with Mr. Walker's uprising, but the tired Speaker, as the less infliction of the two, called on the representative of the Wallsend peacemakers. Mr. Gormly was highly indignant at the Speakers preferenc and left the House muttering incignamt reproaches on the Melvilleian bunch. He would not be appeased by Mr, Walker's offer to give way, but when later on he obtained an opportunity of delivering himself good humor had obtained the mastery. Mr. Walker fiilled in threequarters of an hour, during which Mr. Hawthorn observed that the devil, like Mr. Wal. ker,could quote Scripture, but he thought such action by either party very unbecoming. After a burst of impassioned reasoning from Mr. Garratt, the now awakened House listened for a while to Mr Gale and gradually went to sleep again. It was like the change from fireworks to a tallow candle. Mr. Gale's oratory is almost as unstimulating as his favourite beverage, but if lie failed to create a sensation the new member for The Murrumbidgee impressed the House as a sound-thinking and eminently practical politician. The House had some more sage advice from Mr. O'Sullivan, Mr. Jones and Mr. Vaughn, and then proceeded to read the morning papers. With returning daylight came an ascession of bellicose spirit, and Mr.Dibbs and, Mr. Fletcher fell foul of Mr. Frank Smith who came in on the crest of the wave at Balmain a few months ago. These two politicaus should have been sufficiently seasoned to pass over unoticed the jeering of a political stripling. Had they done so' one of the most disgraceful incident of the stonewall would not have to be recorded: It was sad to see the leader of the House and its highest officor descending to squabble with each other. After Mr. Moore, Mr. Stevenson and Mr. Ball had relieved themselves of some platitudes, Mr. Haynes obtained his opportunity. He has some grievances in connecnection with the Mudgee election to redress, and he thought the floor of the Assembly the proper place to do it. The Speaker, however, did not agree with him. Judged by his first speech, Mr. Haynes will be a valuable accession to the Melville-M'Elhone type of statesmen. He has the saLve faculty of irrelevance, redeemed, however, by the possession of much wit and good humor. He threatens to be a "terror" at repartee, and after their mutual experience no doubt Mr. Melville and Mr. O'Sullivan will give him a wide berth. Mr. Garvan came in in the forenoon refreshed and grappled the Govt, proposals with that intellectual strength which he possesses in abundance. His motion for a call of the House, though defeated by a very subitantial majority, yielded the Opposition whatever satisfaction was obtainable from rendering Governments amendments in the rules impossible. The Speaker ruled that the majority having determined that the words proposed to be omitted should stand part of the resolution no other amendment was permissible. Whereat a loud cheer went forth from the benches whereon rampant Melvilleism finds a resting place. The original resolutions were then carried, and Mr. Hassall lent dramatic effects to the iucident by immediately gagging Mr. Melville with a- handkerchief. Mr. O'Connor then relieved his soul concerning the L< gislative Councils action in rejecting his measure of municipa reform, and after some formality the Housel entered on Friday's sitting and immediately adjourned to Tuesday week. A fuller report of these proceeding will be found on our ninth and tenth pages.—7elegraph. MR. JUSTICE STEPHEN. The swearing-in of Mr. Matthew Henry Stepeen as a Judge of the Supreme Court will take place on Monday morning, and the ceremony will doubtless be of historical interest. as appertaining to the elevation to the Bench of a member of a family which has in each of three generations contributed to the active administration of justice. Mr. Matthew Henry Stephen is the third and eldest surviving son.of Sir Alfred Stephen, G.C.M.G., C.B. (at onetime Chief Justice of the colony), and is grandson of the late Mr. Justice John Stephen, who also presided on the bench of New South Wales. Mr. M. H. Stephen, who was born in Tasmania on December 5, 1828, came to this colony when he was 10 years old. He was educated at the Sydney College—an institution now known as the Sydney Grammar School—and it is wortliv of note that the means of acquiring knowledge were in those days very insignificant as compared to those now accessible. Mr. Stephen studied, at the college, under Mr. W. T. Cape, Mr. Brairti, and the Rev. J. B. Laughton, withBO much success as to carty of several honors. These included a medal for classics, another for inathemathics, and a third for English composition, as well as an exhibition. As bearing upon this period of the career of the new Judge, we have been shown a Sydney newspapers, bearing the date Saturday, December 21, ? 844, which contains the following :— " Sydney College.—On Thursday last the annual public examination of the students of this institution took place in the College Hall. . . . The exhibitions of £15, £13, and £12, given by Mr. Braim, the head master, were awarded to Masters M. H. Stephen, A. Dick, and P. Owen. A silver medal was awarded to M. H. Stephen for superiority in the clessics, one to A. Dick for superiority in mathematics, one to W. R. Antill for English composition, and one to J. A. Scarr for superiority in Latin. A farewell address was delivered by M. H. Stephen with distinctness and grace." Mr. Stephen, who was for two years head pupil of the school, left, upon reaching his 17th year, to become the Associate to his father—a position which he filled for four or five yeers. The studious habits he had acquired at college now became more manifest, and he read with so much assiduity that in 1850 he was called to the Bar, becoming the first colonial barrister. He spent at a later period a year in legal studies in England, dividing the time under a special pleader and an Equity draftsman. On his return, Mr. Stephen speedily secured a good practice. At that time the Bar did not include more than above a dozen practising barristers, of whom the leaders were Messrs. William Foster, Darvall, Manning, Windeyer, Michie, and Fisher. Now the Bar numbers about 92 practising barristers. Notwithstanding this very great increase, Mr. Stephen has always had the position of being one of the leaders of the Bar. It is believed that his income for a considerable time past has been greater than that of a judge. The case, which perhaps more than any other contributed to his popularity, was that of Hassall v. Rodd, in which he was opposed by three Attorney-Generals (past and present). Mr. Stephen achieved a decided victory in this matter, and it aroused so much enthusiasm that a number of friends prepared to carry him upon their shoulders from the Court to his chambeis. This plan failed, because the object of it preferred to return without any popular demonstration being made in his fovour. Mr. Stephen was on three occasions offered the position of Solicitor-General—first by the late Mr. J. H. Plunkett; next by the late Mr. Wise (afterwards Justice Wise) : and on the third accasion by the late Mr. Butler. Mr. Stephen was offered a Puisne Judgeship by Sir Henry Parkes in 1879. From December, 1869, to December, 1871, Mr. Stephen represented the electorate of Mudgee 111 the Legislative Assembly. In the early part of 1870 he moved the address in reply to the Governor's speech, and discharged this duty in a way which was spoken of in highly complimentary terms. Mr. Stephen has, if a few of the earlier compensation cases are disregarded, acted as leading counsel for the Crown. Owing partly to the compehsation. cases being heard in two Courts, Mr. Stephen divided the conduct of them with Mr. Salomons, Q.C Mr. Stephen, who was appointed a Queen's Counsel on April 2, 1879, led in the important Cootamundra case, a hostile verdict in which would have involved the colony in much litigation. On very many occasions Mr. Stephen lias acted as Circuit Court Judge, and has moreover, held two couimis sions for the trial of prisoners at Darlinghurst. The new Judge was for some years one of the law examiners for the University. Mr. Stephanhas manifested a very lively interest in various philanthropic institutions and social movements. He has been an active supporter of cricket, and was for many years vicc-president of the Cricketing Association and trustee of the Association ground. When the Saturday half-holiday inovenient was initiated lie, at the Victoria Theatre, addressed a very large audience in support of it. He was honorary secretary to the infirmary for several years, and for a considerable period he was chairman of the^board of directors of the Grammar school. The new Judge is Chanceller of the diocese of the Metropolis. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY. Queen's Birthday, in Wingham, was not very loyally observed, as most of the trades, at all events, proceeded with their operations. The Volunteers had some target practice at the spot chosen for their butts, at an improvised target, and we understand that considerable prowess was exhibited by some of the young men as marksman. RAILWAY MEETING. The meeting of the Railway League, as advertised, was held at Taree, when similar resolutions to those passed at the Wingham meeting were adopted ; some little confusion appears to have arisen, owing to the defective arrangements in connection with the two meetings. However, this was got over, and it was finally decided to push the matter of the railway vigorously forward. A partial statement of accounts was made by the Treasurer, compiled from whatever of data he could lay his hands 011, which showed a balance of next to nothing with which to prosecute the work. The necessity for funds was made apparent, and an endeavour is to be made to raise tliem. 