/nretitt. Church ordnance—A canon. Parliamentary usage—Ill-usage. The Speaker of the House—The wife. The Liquor Traffic—The flowing bowl. Ripe for mischief-—Tho early cucumber. The Drink Question—“ Havo another-?”:' Melbourne dust always catches the eye of the now chum. . A heavily backed horse often carries the lightest weight. . ' Nature and the white settlers have co operated to make Queensland too hot for the heathen Chinee. Jones is making a collection of railway sandwiches ; he is going to build a now villa*, and thinks bricks are not durable enough. It is reported that a leading South Aus tralian legislator is so ugly that, on the occasion of his recent return from Europe, the authorities tried to collect a poll-tax from him. A lato American paper contains an account of a young Lowell heiress eloping with her grandmother’s coachman, and returning, quite cured, to the bosom of- her family after a few months of wedded bliss. He was a good coachman, but a very poor groom, The other day a lady in the suburbs, having occasion to leave her house with no one to guard it from tho rude intrusion of the bold burglar but a yellow cat, and ex pecting that some of her family would return during her absence, was at a loss to devise a schomo whereby to frustrate the im moral intentions of any chance, intrusive “Bottle* o*l” and yet give her relatives ad mission to the dwelling. At length a happy idea struck her, and writing on a sheet of paper in largo letters, which the most illiterate mendicant might spell out, “ The key is under the door mat,” she pinned the notice in a conspicuous position, and went her way rejoicing, “May I see you home, miss?” asked a Suburban swell of a female he overtook in the street late one night last week, ‘ A simpering affirmative was returned, and the v dandy dude proceeded to lay on all the jam ho hud about him. He talked just as charmingly as ho know how, but refrained, for obvious reasons, from mentioning the large wife and family he had at home. The young lady turned-dowu-liio street, .and led^~ liim right toward his own house; she opened his gate, and, as she turned there to bid him adieu, tho light from the street lamp fell upon her face ; the festive house father saw, and sinking to the ground gurgled ; ** Great Scott 1 tho new cook !” They carried'him iu and put him to bed, and he was all right in the morning, thunks. M‘Allster and Co., of Singapore, are an enterprising firm, and will forward you a Chinaman at tho lowest rates. The follow ing is an advertisement of theirs, clipped from a Western Australian paper: M Chinese, Malays, and Manilamon forwarded on ap plication, for any required calling; wages from twenty-eight shillings per month.” Tho mean, fly-blown institution of McAlister and Co. iB evidently making its living by shipping yellow slaves to this country. They have a large stock of vari-colored heathens willing to come to Australia to work for seven shillings a week, and our honest laborers wilt be asked to compete with these greasy Mongols; but they are too level-headed to agree with such a state of affairs; they will put a duty on Chows which will wreck tho trade of M‘Alia ter and Co. ; Some Professor, who evidently has no babies to nurse, and no wood to chop, and so can spare time to gratify his enquiring mind, has ferreted out the fact that, in tho middle ages, it was customary in England for a male visitor to kiss hia host’s wife and daughters on meeting. Wo are sorry to chronicle tho fact that this grand old custom has gone out of fashion. The host is to be blamed for this lamentable state of affairs ; a male visitor cannot venture to kiss his host’s wife and daughter with any degree of safety whilst the ola man is about; he may do it, of course, but thou he runs the risk of being lamed with a club, and thrown over a high fence. Host’s wife and daughters ate still kisaed by the casual visitor at times, but the act is not customary; it is too hurtful to the visitor. Once upon a time the New Zealand GoJ vernment subsidised one John White, an erudite authority on the Maori, his life and work, to write a history of the ring-nosed, tattood son of the soil, and tell all about hia manners and customs, hia family matters, and relatives by marriage. Mr. White bought some atub nibs and cream-laid notiej paper with the first deposit, and, after years of calm deliberation, started to glean facts and string them together. He was not at all hasty about it; John is not a buffalo, to go bull-headed at a contract; he just lotted down items as they hit him, and only the other day, when the Government had for gotten that there was such a person as John White, and had relapsed into a belief that tho Maori was devoid of manners and cus toms, out came “ Tho Ancient History of the Maori.” People greeted its advent with cold unconcern for some time, but by chance one man oponed the “ Ancient History," and discovered that the works of Rabelais, Emilo Zola, Swift, Stern, and the classic Eoots wero innocent, Sunday-school text ooka compared with that history. It was fuller of indecent allusions than a modem divorco court, and there was something on every puge calculated to bring a blush to tho cheek of a book- agent. The man let this be known far and wide; then there was a rush for “The Ancient History of the Maoribald-headed men went clamoring for it at every book-shop, and yonng females anxiously inquired after it per post. By-and ‘ bye, the powers that be heard of the im morality of the now book, and the powers procured a copy a-piece, and studied'it diligently, with the result that the book was suppressed; and now any New Zealander who can lond “ The Ancient History of the Maori ” never need go short of a drink. A country^?ghost wears No. 10 shoes. The moat incredulous scoffer must acknow ledge that hero ia an unquestionable in stance of a sole revisiting the earth. 