Adelaide: Tuesday,. March 8, 1887. THE BUERA ELECTION MEETING. The election meeting at the Bnrra on Friday night was in some respect3 one of the best that has been held daring the uresent campaign. It had an interest pecnliariy ita own. Both of the former members have a large measure of popu larity. For the first time a member of the Ministry and a prominent leader of the Opposition met on the same platform. To add to the interest of the situation there was a third candidate, new to Parliamentary life, outspoken in his views, and running counter to some of the cherished opinions of both the other candidates. Notwithstanding these con flicting elements, the speeches were npon the whole characterized by great fairness. Dr. Cockburn has perhaps been as little demoralized as any one by Parliamentary and Ministerial life, and though we think he ?was greatly in error in some of hia explanations, yet there is an apparent riiig of sincerity about his utterances. Mr. Bonnsevefl is generally scrupu lously fair to his opponents, and his speech on Friday night -was not an exception. The third candidate, Mr. Holder, gave a very clear and intelli gent exposition of hia views. The con teat in the Burra will be watched with a good deal of curiosity, aud the electors in that district are to be congratulated on having so good a selection of candidates from which to make a choice. Outside of the Burra district, however, tne interest centres in the utterances of Dr. Cockburn and Mr. Rounsevell. From the Minister of Education ire have the fourth version of the Govern ment policy. Hi3 apology for the deficit would be satisfactory but ° for one thing, which he seems to hare overlooked. The falling - off in the land revenue wa3 due to the action of the former Bray Ministry, who nevertheless failed to make any pro vision for meeting it For the present state of things, therefore, the Treasurer is largely to blame, though of course he could not be expected to control bad seasons and other untoward circum stances. Dr. Cockburn's allusions to the deficit were exceedingly vague, not to say contradictory. One is still left in doubt as to what is meant by the deficit, and as to the extent to which land is to be sold to meet it. He tells us ' if we learnt that for the future they were not to apply the revenue from land sales to current expenditure, they learnt a lesson cheap at the price.' But, in the first place, is not the deficit the result of cur rent expenditure being in excess of current revenue ? And if it is to be wiped out wholly, or in part, by the sale of land, shall we not be repeating the history of the past 2 In the next place, the Bray Government have given no indication of any means by which revenue and expendi ture can be equalized in the future; and if this is not done the deficit' will go on increasing, and current' expenditure for years' to come will have to be met by the sale' of land if this expedient for getting over: the difficulty is once admitted. It is true Mr. Bray has indicated a process by which, on paper at any rate, an addition of £50,000 or £60,000 can beaiadeto the revenue ', but even if that estimate were to be trusted it would go only a small way towards the £200,000 additional; revenue, which is the least that is required to ensure plain sailing for the future J Dr. Cockburn admits that the land tax is; 'the very best that could be adopted,'] yet he talks of the Government pro-j posal as a land and property tax.; Owing to the admitted defects of the; existing Act, which, however, can be' jreadily removed, tHere is no doubt that1 much income escapes payment; but if the land taxis merged in the property tax a good deal of the land will escape pay ment. Dr. Cockburn stated further that Mr. Bray had 'mentioned a progressive land tax,' and seemed to hint that the Ministry might take this up. Why cU not the Government speak plainly, and not ' sit on a rail' on eveiy question of policy ? Dr. Cockburn is too shrewd a man not to see that vague plati tudes and uncertainties like those which have marked the utterances of Ministers do not meet the re quirements of the present emergency! They unsettle the public mind, they destroy confidence, they beget a bewilder ing feeling of uncertainly, and they Btifle all enterprise. - : Mr. Bounsevell's speech was by far the best that has yet been delivered on the political situation. With some of the hon, gentleman's views we do not agree, but he can at least claim to have made an honebt endeavour to find a solution of the different problems with which we are now confronted. On the land question Mrl Rounseve1! left plain facts and con jured up imaginary ghosts. A good deal of the talk about 'land hunger' iaun mitd^ated bunkun?. Of course it is true to this extent. The man who owns the land has in his hands the control of the destinies of others. Of course if it is a question who is to be the master and who is to be the slave, no doubt everybody would hunger for the former position. But if men have secured to them the occupancy of the land theyuae and all the profit they can make out of Its use, what more have they a right to expect, and what more has aoy King or Government a right to give? To talk of this as Communism is to talk rank nonsense. We may not yet have discovered the best method of securing the result that we have indi cated ; but one thing is certain, our past methods of dealing with the land, and especially selling it for cash, have not been a brilliant success. They have not tended either to settle or develop the country to the extent that could be desired. Besides if 'land hunger has caused more wars than every other cause put together,' as Mr. RounBevell says it has, is it not rather a mistake for Mr. Eounseveil to encourage it ? The whole question of land settlement is reducible to the one common denomination. What is the fair rent to pay for its use, and why should th9 occupier have to pay aa additional sum to a third party for the privilege of using it, and why should the occupier of twenty years hence be placed in a worse position than the occupier of to-day? These are the practical questions that need to be answered, and they are not to be thrust aside by empty talk about land hunger and Communism. They will have to be answered, and the sooner our politi cians understand this and try to solve the problem fairly the better will it be for the country. Mr. RounsevelTs proposal for tempora rily meeting the deficit is, we believe, the best that haa yet been made, with the ex ception to which we referred yesterday. We can see no reason for nationalizing the Savings Bank. Some people might think this proposal is ' rank Communism.' Bat there should be no insuperable obstacles \o an arrangement by which a large number of the Treasury bills could be taken up by the Bank, and if the deficit can thus be. temporarily arranged for, and an earnest effort is made to provide sufficient income for the current expenditure of the future, we see no reason to despair of the bills being gradually met out of in come. While there are tens and hun dreds of thousands of acres of alienated land within the settled districts, and for that matter within a comparatively short distance of Adelaide, lying unused or only half developed, it is pusillanimous to cry out that we cannot get on unlpas we sell more land. Let us free trade and enterprise/and espeoialy prodnotioni.fto!B, all absurd restrictions ; let xu ; discourftga land speculation in every legitimate manner, and afford every facility to tha bona-fide occupier, and we need not despair. We shall not always be in theh slough of despond, and if we will tackle the deficit in a fair and honest mannes we have no doubt that it can be met even if it should take ten or fifteen year* to do so, and Bhould be met out ofi: ordinary revenue. 