Mr AND Mrs SPOOPENDYKE. SOME DIFFICULTY ABOUT THE CALLS. " Now, my dear," said Mr Spoodendyke, " let me see the list of ladies you want me to oall on. I really don't care to go around nraoh, but a man ought to do what his wife wants him to do on New Year's Day. Where's the list ?" " Here it is," said Mrs Spoopendyke, fluttering around with her hair in her mouth. " I wrote them all out with the address for you, so you wouldn't have any trouble." " What makes you put old Sister Lamb at the head of the list!" growled Mr Spoopendyke. " She's got a wart on her chin the size of a fire-bell, and she can't talk anything l»nfc the advantages of egg over stove coal for heating the Sunday school." ' " But she belongs to the church, and I | dbn't beleive any one else will call on her," reasoned Mrs Spoopendyke. " She'll be tickled to death to see yon." " What do you think I'm starting out for ?" demanded Mr Spoopend) ke fiercely. " Who's th is ? Who's M rs Sh klyrobyetoy?' " That's Mrs Wolverton. I promised, her you would call. Never mind Mrs, Lamb, but you ought to call on Mrs; Wolverton." "What fori What has she got in. common with me, except that her bones are hollow ? She don't know the difference, between a Guinea pig and the burning of Jerusalem. Is that the kind of list you've made out? Want me to run around among the monuments ? Who's „ Miss Svvasli 1" "That's Mrs Smith, the little .widow. You know she's interested in sending women out West to get husbands. She'll amuse you." " She will if she sees me. Slie'll make me laugh like a hyena if she gets one eye on me. Who's that yellow-headed girl that sits two pews in front of us ? I'd call on her, now." " She's a little chit of a thing. You don't want to run after those yotingpeople — a man of your age !" " What's the reason I don't ?" howled Mr Spoopendyke. Got an- idea that I only care for the tough old people, haven't you? Think I'm sort of Plymouth Rock,, don't you ? Got any more old landmarks that nepd inspection." " I don't care " remonstrated Mrs Spoo-. pendyke, indignantly ; " they're nice, people, and I like to cu I ti vate them. They,, may be along in life, but they can't, help, it." f " Cultivate em'if you wnt .to/'-groTyled Mr Spoopendyke ; " bqfc if .yon think. I'm, going lioeing around aniong 'em on the, 1st of January, you're left- What d'ys .want, to cultivate 'em for ? . Who else have , you got here? Mrs Silggongprat, Mrs. Woptenslugh, Miss IClmpzf: — " "You don't read them .rigbfj. at ail,''' complained Mrs Spoopendyke,. "..That's, Mr Silverspoon and Mrs Worthington and Miss Hemmingway. They are juntas nice . as they can be." " Are they the three old worthies, who , howl in the choir?" asked Mr Spoopendyke, sternly. "They've got a grandson . old enough to be my father." "They haven't," sobbed Mrs.EgoqpejVy dyke. " You know better." " " Well, most of 'em have. What.,.d'ye.-. want me to call on them for ? Got aqy- more old almanacs expecting melt Where's the Sphinx? You haven't goto . the Sphinx down here, nor the Tower of r Babel? Whore these other pyramids!.??- Who's Mrs Upsidedown ?" " That's Mrs Edgerton. She senfc.youj the jelly when you were sick, and! you>.. said she was the best woraau in Brooklyn. You'll have to call on hec for .peUfenfsaJ" said Mrs Spoopendyke, severely-.. " I won't, either," shooited-liftr Spooperr- . ... dyke. " The jelly wa?. sour, and fehe made ; , ' me pay a dollar towavds a poster of tPari® angel for a starving 'family ou,kih d&ktb;'uBh.. Who's this other "nurse of .Gfeorge Wash ington's? Here., this is. mistake.- I1 went to old ?.diss SchuuiiBih®k&s; fti&drafe;: thirty years ago." "Yon did'n't! Yon lsevpr duT?1' pro claimed Mrs Spnopendtwfte, thoroughly- aroused. " That isn't, her name either- It's Miss Shofield, and she-ib the best friend. I've got. I only wanti— " I know what y»>n want.' hissed Mr Spoopendyke. " You wiMitt »< few- more acquaintances and a map tr>he-agiM<le-hook to ancient Troy. Think rmi gmhg' to call! on tljat old monolith ? Gbtf anything Here- that belongs to modern- time P Know anybody who has been diig<\- ujwtt-bm. six: or eight centuries ? Wholb t.liab black- eyed! girl in the Bible class ? Dbn't- she- hang out a flag to-day ?" " I wouldn't look at ben;" snifflhl Mka Spoopendyke. " I wouTdht Have you go there for worlds. she dbn't. receive." "What's this?" demawihdtMY Spoopen dyke. " What's Mrs WTmpqstvxq got to do with it? What cemeteiy will I find her in ?" "That's Mrs Willougby,"" exclaimed Mrs Spoopendyke, compThfceriflV. " She' the young widow who recewtly joined the church." "I don't mind calling fm ber.'" said' Mr- Spoopendvke. " She wus«rt born more'h- four thousand years Ketone the- Christian era. Got any more like Piev-?' Does thia- list contain unvbolv eLe who wasn't the mother of the Chinese Empire?' Think of" any more gravestones that haven't bad' tho epitaphs worn off ?" " No," replied Mrs Sjioopenffvfte, coldly, "and now I reinemlwu Mrs Willou-ghhy receives calls with friends in Bnffido." " Curse' your list?" howled Mr Spoopen dyke, dancing on the unhappy ffooument. ' " What d'ye think I am. a gbanl? S'pose I'm going to prance around among all the old ghosts in Brooklyn ? S'|we I'm going to swash around and eat cake and drink lemonade with a lot of illustrations of the Silurian period? Think I'm going to spend the day vyith a lot of articulated skeletons just because they belong to the same church that I do ?" And Mr Spoo pendyke popped out of the house like a bung, and went next door to see if his friend Tortorthnmb knew any mummies o" whose history there was some tradition. " I don't care," said Mrs SpoopendfekeK as she whirled around two or three- times.- to practise kicking her train, " if he dbn'b call on the church people they'll be. hopping.- mad, and if he does, he won't have much of a time, so he'll wish he- was: dead either way." And Mrs Spoopendyke bnstledi . into the parlour to assure a sandy-haired young man with, a stiff- neok that it was awful good1 for- lnm to come, and' to learn that he- hadn't come far of his own volitSosi, hit hwf sid lapat of thq. 1 way. 