TO TIHE EDITOR OF rTIeM YElYN OIISnESItVtI . S?l,--I m not at t ll at one with the writes whose letteos have opponroe In yoylr ipper relative to the Elthann Shire Council's rilposal of floating a loan, only so fnr as caution shoult be exerclisl In apportioning the money, itf raisl, to works the most necesanry. Shnkeploro says l "'l'here is a tide in the affnais of menl Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortunlo," These lines may be appille to mnniclilll. Illes as well ns any thing else, Th' tide, as far as Yanra IFlab, ts laconceri, is now at the inot, nald tile borrowing Iald expending Jollciously and to the best advanltag of the srtt of money suggested by Conocllior Cameron will be not only the making of the Yartis FIlots but the immediate foutitlitg of a larigo nnd' ptrosperous townlship, which mlenus that the rates will lie o increased thaint tha' repnyont of the oloan would bo positively unfelt. The matter napenns to mio to stand thus I-IIg?her rate or all in. crease of rateplyes. Which is it to ble ? The Inatter, to every conmmonasense thinking mnn, Andl the surest maove to effect this Is tile making of tile roads aplronelhln Yarrta Flats rallway.statiln, andl Ittling them in such a: condition that the townlship c!an he renched on high and dry roads, This will Induco peoplea tranm elsewhere to come and reside In the pleturesque distrlct or the Yntra r lan. On the other lhandll with the preaelt availablo fads at the Connltol's alans it Is utterly out of thei question asklng that body to inlhitlal thu 'rod Ill ally thing like a pnassable nattre, andl the Shire, tahr eopeclnlly tihe East lidinig, weill be ntext willnter Ilthllllg elso lbut a huge qltng lirao. Tile ltham Counell at presolt is comlpo at of uflicienlt legal at prsictical knowledlgo to steer il tlt right track, ntl, with tihe trid abill at Is o f ts flicer, I thinlk the oielnpycrs may very wtll leave tile aiportlotlllng oa the moliey Ii thteir laids. Tlleri IaIt qUestlnll I sholthl Ilke.to ask. Whlly Jaltlldtlnot tihe presett rnatelpayeor x. ierloiteotlh?,ltleneuro o good roadts tS wvoll as the fnture rateplayor IIs It tir that tie p'reselnt ratelyoer shotllll oalltrllte to ilthe tlklilg of tite roads in such a colltlltial that It becomes a pleasurl to travel thea, and thllis point Is reachel after years of tnxnation and whenle Iha Is alott to give up the ghost,' ald tllhen another ratopliyr who hasl not, colllltriutl el lo lona of rlotus stells i nlnd gets aill the ndvantage No, let tih pr?oscnt ol, lll the futuro rateolayr, to a eertnhl exteat, shalto ailike, As to tile stggrestion of Ynrra Flatts sevelrhltg fromt the ,ilthnm lo hire, I nal of of opllnll It wmll be declidelly to thnt district's tdi?dvantageo to(do so . YoursIIl, h . ItATl',AYl?ll, NOITIl IIIDINO. 