THE TRJEilSURE THOBB^BNSi By FREDERICK BOTLE, ' Author of 'On the Border liana,' 'A Good Hater,' 'Camp Notes,? &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. ? All rights reserved;] ' Chapter XXL— Wa«e Ojtslow. George Genest had-so jpferemptorily for bidden himself to callers that the ser vant would not take in Mr. Esking's name, apd Mr. Geheat, sen., was out ; so the visitor returned,: raging ; in a fashion moat unusual with him. . . ?' But: by dinner-time his; composure was restored. Even such nerves could not quite sustain the part which Mr. Eskfng liked; to play at his own table— learned, but genial, with- a ward upon every sub ject, suggestive of deep reading, but not beyond the capacity of any guest. Feel ing himself unequal to that cheery, digni fied converse, he prudently took another line, and chattered in high spirits. Hilda noted the revolution with anxiety that approached despair.: She had time to think in the interval betwixt parting with Eldred and meeting her father. . Her indignation, that is, her confi dence, gave way * a thousand recollec tions harassed her.- George's warning came back with a bitter force she had not recogniaedat the time. Eldred's conduct in maintaining friendly terms was monstrous, but he, accuser, might trifle with dignity and good faith ; her father, accused, would be shamefully weak'to 'endure a truce. And he was not weak ; tio such comfort could* his daughter lay to her soul. For the new possibility ? put forward In her passion, that Mr. Eskingsaust regard the charge as too absurd for resentment, Hilda could not sustain that to herself on reflec tion. - Most distressing of all was the memory of her father's embarrassment when Eldred declared thai within a few hours he hoped to know where his Trea sure lay. It .was, perhaps, after further explanation that Mr. Esking left Thor bums hastily, alleging sudden illness; but on reaching home he4rove forthwith to the Warrenage ! And now, instead of that Kceuillement whiclneven a guiltless person might display wbenr the test ap proaches, he was almost noisy ! Hilda felt sick at heart, she did not even ask after his health, nor did Kate. The ex cuse was transparent, ' After dinner MrsvFanshawe took an opportunity of referring to the matter of their conversation. ' I was sinfully gratified to see you - -driveaway with Mr. Genest. What passed between you was unbefitting a Sabbath morn, I fear, but I trust titetit led you to -avoid a heavier sin.^ Do; you feel now that you could have married him, Hilda, conscientiously before Heaven and man ?' ' T have-not to ask mysie|f the question —it answered Itself.^ I aWdeeply grate? ful to you,- aunt. There &&\- furtherlanc of my marriage.' !§: r 'Then I give thanks, chra, and you, do not, forget the overrufiij I -Providence whose inBtrument 1^. Ifpouhad lound, on rtflection, -that' you lo^id this young man, I a&ould; , have: be5afi«inppy. * £Qs leanings, I undersj^nd^^tee pot' evil, though wotldly ; hlB%osM» Ca'jgoMi an old jfantilyY 'and the,r)feA«^i df * career. But if joii'do not 1^- i^§these -things ' arejoaoght !^ liejdicVtliailttii brbkeir' off/ We will eay no more, but iemember your ?'.;. - .'-.. :-;. ???-.'?.'.?. ?'?'???? '. .'--'-? ' '' *- ' '' devotions, Hilda. And now, what are we to do, Kate and I ? Does my brother yet know what has happened ?' ' Papa knows that I cannot marry Mr. Genest, but I have not yet told him that we have come to an understanding.' 'Do not delay. Tell him to-night— at once. How do you think he will take it ?' Mrs. Fanshawe added weakly. ' He will not say much, I think — he is prepared.' ' No, my dear, but what will he do ? What is to be our position? We were invited to see you through your wedding, as it were. John may consider that since the wedding is off we should return immediately.' ' I am quite sure he will not, aunt. I shall ask him to let you remain as long as you please, and he will certainly ap prove.' 'Well, Hilda, I hope so. This easy life, in a house well appointed and well controlled, is a sort of relief to me. I must say you manage the servants and everything most admirably. The elders might declare me self- indulgent, but they weie not brought up to such things as I was. A man servant is vanity — this handsome furniture and the strange coatly things around, might be a tempta tion to the flesh. They are not so to me, Hilda. It is in a chastened spirit that I regard them, as familiar pleasures once, now gone, as all earthly things must. 1 find fruit for meditation not unprofitable in observing such lusts of the eyes once more.' Ihe philosophy was confused. Hilda could not help smiling, and Mrs. Fan shawe plunged yet deeper in the effort to reconcile a harmless satisfaction in the luxurious comforts of life, with the ethics taught by her creed. Eate's arrival was welcome to both. Hilda went down to the Charter- room. She found the ^door locked, and Mr. F&king; did not open it for some minutes. He had been engaged in a longing, des perate examination of the leather chest. Never through a life not uneventful in temptations of the kind had he felt such a maddening desire to break his plighted word! Very briefly Hilda told her tale. It did. not surprise Mr. Esking, of course, and at the point to which things were hurry ing, it scarcely annoyed him. If Wace Onslow displayed the acumen which he almost surely would, within 24 hours the crash must come. That was not a reason with Mr. Esking for the breach of his share in the agreement, but if George re leased him, very good. He turned at once to another combination. How Eldred had come to learn that his Treasure lay in the oldest part of Thor burns had occupied very few moments of thought. Mr. Esking saw at once that Hubert must have told him in a spirit of revenge. While waiting for his carriage he enclosed the IOU in a letter to Thwaite, directing him to proceed with the utmost rigor of the law, and dis missed that question. Matters vastly more important than revenge occupied his mind,' but in pausing he dealt a blow at an enemy. 'Well, my dear,' he said, smiling kindly, ' if you and George have settled it, I can only hope that you know best where your happiness lies. I have my daughter for a few months more, and that is so much gained in my point of view.' 'A few months, papa ?' ' 'I dare not hope more than that. A father must not expect to keep the loveliest girl in England, who has a handsome fortune, too, even in a lonely place like this, much beyond her nine teenth birthday. There is compensation also, when one comes to think of it, in onr friendlessness. .The rupture of your engagement will not get into the papers — it will hardly.be talked of in the county. By-the-bye, there is no occasion -to detain your aunt any longer.' ?' I should like her to remain, pipa — and Kate,' 'Very much? Then let it be si. It is not actually impossible-, perhap3, that we may have to summon them again before long.' 'What for?' 'My dear, I cannot conceal from myself that you had two strings to your bow that is, another string lies ready to your hand if you please to take it up. Don't look so preternaturally guileless. You must know that Thorburn is in love with you?' . . . . ' ? ' I know it, for he told me.' 'He went so far as that? Well, my child* to speak of another suit in the same day that one is broken off might be pro nounced Indelicate by Mrs. Grundy, so I will say no more.' .'-'?' 'But I want to know, papa. Yon re gard it as possible I might marry Mr. Thorburn, though assured that I will never marry now without love !' \- . * ' H'm ! he Is one of the finest young men in England,, and handsome,* too. A deal of romance hangs about him. He did you a striking service the first time you met— allow me my little joke to enliven this grave subject. He has done a number of fine things since, in the finest way,' such as facing a desperate sailor, pulling a knife outof his arm, rescuing a gentleman from a blazing brougham— very original that situation — and I don't remember what besides. Then he has a most inte resting old house, and a pretty fortune. Moreover, his character so singularly matches yours that if weddings are made in heaven one might piously think you were in intended for one another. Yes; upon the whole, my dear, I regard it as possible you might marry Mr. Thor burn !' , ' Oh, what monsters men are ! — For- give me ! 1 was thinking you both hold the same view — Mr. Thorburn, who accuses my father of theft, and my father who is accused !' ' What— what ?' For once Mr. Esking was taken aback; but before she could answer he recovered himself, and con tinued smiling. 'Did Thorburn tell you this grotesque story ?' '1 made it out from what you said, papa, and George said, and Mr. Thorburn himself said to-day ! I have known for a a long while that there was something. Oh, challenge him to the proof, appeal to the law, takejaDy stepB ! Don't, papa, oh, dunt sit down under this charge, and - keep on terms of acquaintance with the man who dares to lay an infamous charge against you !' 'Hilda, I have passed many years of - repute among men, and respect' towards myself. My name is known widely, and wherever known it is honored. I am sorry, deeply sorry, that this foolish tale has reached your ears,- but when you cor£ sider - my position, and that of the young man who makes the charge, you can understand that I laugh at it: Eldred Thorourn has , a host of good quail- ' ties, but ho experience of civilised Kfe. He is used to think it net possible only, but probable, that a neighbor might steal. Though the soul of honor himself, as I feel v'ety sure, existence among dishonor able ard reckless men has given him sus picions out of place here. -What does he kr-ow of my stainless reputation ? I am but a neighbor, like others, and neighbors in his experience, as I have said, steal when they get the opportunity. This is 'not suggesting that Thorburn belongs to that class. He feels himself, and is, I repeal, an exception. But it explains my conduct under ihe circumstances. I un derstand, and; I simply laugh. Why ehoulu I not keep on terms of acquaint ance with; 'a young fellow who acts honestly' enough in his mistaken point of view?'. . . Mr. Eeklng gave just time enough to rf aliBe the force pf his argument, not to summon the arguments contra. 'Now go, dear,' he said pleasantly. 'DiBmies, all these anxious ;' imaginings/ fit member always that I do not blame Tfcotburn fc* acting according to his lights,. He is a noble fellow, as keen :on the point of honor aa gallant/ and big: enough to - contain : all Hhe virtues -in a1 proportion quite abnormal.' Laughing cheerfully, he bade Hilda good-night, and led her to the door. The change in his face as he stood filling his churchwarden after she had left was finely dramatic. Thus many an applauded actor, with death at his heart, abruptly resumes his pains and terrors at the wing. Next morning came a note from George. After it apologies continued — 'But I cannot see what good purpose an inter view would serve now. Miss Esking has told you what took place. For the other matters 1 withdraw. If I am questioned by anyone who lias authority to ask, I shall tell everything and bear the conse quences.' Mr. Esking paled with scornful anger, thought awhile, and dismissed the groom with: a message that he would follow immediately. Mr. Genest was sitting with his son, and he scowled so savagely that the visitor spoke first to him. ''Things have taken an unfortunate turn, sir, I perceive, or I imagine that jou know enough of the circumstances to understand my position and your son's.' 'I understand nothing at all,' replied the squire hastily, mindful of the penal ties incurred by an accomplice after the fact. *' But I see that you and your daughter have almost killed my boy. Look at him.' George was a wreck indeed. His ner vous temperament had collapsed under these trials and anxieties ; his face was drawn like that of a broken old man, his eyes, unnaturally shining, h£&. a hunted lcok. Mr. Esking was shocked. ' I feel for you deeply, believe me ! George, you must go away. Dismiss all thiB business from your mind, and regain composure with health. I should recom mend a German spa, or, better still, a lonsr tour in Italy.' ' What ? nonsense ! You know he couldn't go alone, nor cheap, and I could as soon raise £2,000 as £200 !' ' You must allow me to help you. Don't cry out, George ! I feel myself re spoEsible for this unfortunate state of things. Let me arrange it with your father.' ' I would rather starve !' ' But consider my feelings. I can bear the consequences of my act with calmness so far as they touch me, but to think that you were suffering would be exquisitely painful. I put.it upon that ground alone, as a favor. You can enter into my feel ings, Mr. Genest ?' 'Why, yes, George. Who breaks pays. Mr. Esking is the cause of all your misfortunes — as I have been led to understand ! — and he only does what is light' in proposing to remedy the mis* chief.' 'Then, George, besides the question of health, think how desirable it is you should go away.' ' I can't go with your money !' ' I must tell you that the crisis is at hand. This evening, in all human pro bability, the case in defence we have so often considered will break down ? ' Mr. Genest rose suddenly. I don't want to hear your private business ! Let me see you before you go, sir 1' He left the room. 'This evening, George,' whispered Mr. Esking, drawing close to his ear, ' Thorburn will find out, and will be able to prove that a hole has been dug in his property, and something abstracted within a short time back. He will be. able, at length, to connect what evidence he has against us with the removal of that , something. The strong part of our case fails. Proceedings may be taken, and they wilL' ? - 7 he hunted look turned to agony ; per spiration sprang to the tortured face. , ' And what shalTyou do ?' \- ' Nothing, if you are reasonable. I ask you to let me break open the chest and secure its contents. -Then we are safe.' 'I refuse — I refuse — never ! I will wiite to Thorburn-r-iell him all, and trust to his mercy.' ' Mr. Esking did not try to persuade or to threaten. He saw that another word might drive the youth to this decisive act upjn the spot. 'Then the alternative is to go away within an hour. Leave me to fight. I swear that you shall never be brought under suspicion. If things come to a risk of that I will confess all. That I swear, George, and my word was never broken till this day.' Mr. Genest put his head into the room. 'Is it settled?' 'Yes. .You. must start in an hour. Poor George's health is reason enough. Put aside all business, Genesb, and get him away. Buy what you want as you travel.' He slipped a piece of paper into the squire's hand, whispering, 'If you leave an address don't hurry to get there. Good-bye, George. Dismiss all your cares.' I am responsible, and only I !' Limp as a rag, George faltered, 'I rely on your word of honor !' ?' And you will not be deceived. Good bye, Genest.' So he went, and by the afternoon father and son started. They left England by the night train, and they vanish from my story. Wace Onslow had given no intimation of the time he would arrive. At the hour of lunch Eldred, with Mendel, was look ing from the front door. They saw a lean, tall, black-bearded young man carry ing a small portmanteau, who briskly walked up the avenue ; and they went to meet him. 'Mr. Onslow?' said Eldred, offering his hand, ' I am sorry I did not know what time to expect you. You Ye had a long walk.' . 'Delightful! Your village of Burn side is a chapter of archaeology !' The stranger laughed a curious cackling laugh, 'from the teeth outward;' a sound familiar to learned men all over Europe, reverenced by the accurate and con scientious, hated and dreaded by those who rushed into theory before mastering their facts. 'Burnside is no longer my village. You see very nearly the whole estate that belongs to the Thorburn family to* day.' Mr. Onslow laughed thoughtfully and stftly, eyeing the Gate Towers ; to avoid repetition of a habit which was insepar able from the character, it may be taken for granted that he made this strange, cackling noise after every observation of another's, and before every one of his own. ** I always understood that Thorburns was the most interesting house ia Eng land. Once on a time my father and I meditated a visit on our way north, but they told us it was guarded by a human Cerberus, with much more than its due proportion of dogs' heads, and we passed by. What a sad ruin !' 'It was the banqueting hall, which I propose to rebuild with the assistance of your knowledge.' ' Ah ! I don't say you are wrong. An archaeological fanatic might declare that florid Elizabethan matches badly with this facade of the very earliest Tudor style. But I have never held that his tory should fit itself to architecture. This porch, nevertheless, makes too great . demand on my charity. I couldn't tolerate that.' ' Doesn't it belong to the period of ihe house?' 'A very bad attempt at imitation by some country builder in the eighteenth century. Ah, an excellent hall ! If my father came here we should have warm words about the screen. He would almost break it up for firewood rather than let it stand.' 'Do you mean this beautiful oak wall?' Arthur aBked. ' * We f»1i it a screen. It marks the time ?w hen ' your grandfathers, Mr. ThorHurn, ceased to dine with their 'household at -a ?cemmon table. They then found the hall ioo large, and divided it.— '— 15$1 1' he remarked, the. date' in gilded' figures.' .'Curiously late for an alteration of this 'kind, ' when r the ' halt was Still the living room as here. It tells that your ancestora stood in the vias antiquis much lo?*Bev than most people of their station. Very osarioiuJ. I would go so far as to reopen the Pther doorways though.' 'Which doorways?' 'Why, there were three, you observed originally, closed with curtains, perhaps. Yes, there are the hooks, but they are later, I see. The Thorburn who put up this screen could not find it in his heart to break from old usages entirely. Though he divided the hall it was more for ap pearance sake than for a real partition.' ?? I thought it a solid structure,' said Eldred. ' Not at all We have the date of tlie original division, 1581. It consisted simply, to use plain words, of the upper part and these four pillars. The son of the first innovator probably began to fill the openings, and very pleasingly he did it, you see. An addition made, I should think, about the time of the Common wealth, still further closed or narrowed the doorways, and the curtains were hung. But the actual blocking of two out of the three gaps which had now become mere doorways was not done until — yes — until the early Brunswick period. They were filled in with oak boards, observe, hardly panelled. I should take them away, Mr. Thorburn.' 'It shall be done forthwith, Mr. On slow.' Eldred was delighted with his visitor. Used to distinguish between mere self confidence and that higher form which springs from assured knowledge — as every farmer must be, more or less, but especially the farmer in wild countries — he Baw that this young man understood his business exactly. They lunched, and while eating — drink- ing also— with robust appetite, Mr. On slow kept his eyes about him, eager, quick, inquisitive as a bird's. He marked everything around, identified the armorial bearings at a glance, translated a mys terious sign here and there — read the storied walls in short like an open book. Very early in the repast, Eldred sent for pencil and paper. He learned more about his house and his family in half an hour than any Thorburn perhaps had known. ' Aithur Mendel had not been as bright as usual that day ; so abstracted and thoughtful in fact, that Eldred had asked after his health. But this antiquarian lecture roused him. He could not believe that a man who laughed in that extra ordinary fashion could be an authority, and showed in boyish fashion bis distrust. Wace Onslow was much amused, and began to smile— quite another sign of feeling. With the air of aa amiable person who instructs a child, he explained and illustrated his views. Mendel was not convinced, of course, since he could not follow the argument even to the A B C, bub he was shut up, and therefore, as might be expected, took offence. So it happened that he remained indoors, smoking, when the others ro3e to enter on that survey for which the visitor had been asked. Eldred had been rather puzzled to find a means of getting rid of him. Mr. Onslow went through the hou3$ and^ round it with extreme interest, de claring again and again that every foot was history in stone. Nowhere did he hesitate a moment in . fixing a date or a purpose, excepting in the case of the Pool Dam. ' That extraordinary cutting did not puzzle him exactly, but it stopped his co herent sequence of cause and effect so to speak. - ' This,' said he, after regarding it in every point of view, 'must be put down to eccentricity, or to a personal object. It was not made for defence, nor, so far as we can judge, for decoration or amuse ment. The instincts of men never change — forms only are varied. There was no general purpose in digging this pit, or what you may call it.. The idea waa in dividual, and for such things it is useless to ask an explanation.' So that feature was dismissed. Eldred offered no suggestion until the long examination was finished, bat he called particular attention to the windows and substructure over- looking the Pool Dam, which Mr. Esking declared to be de Warenne's building. 'Of that period beyond doubt,' said Mr. Onslow. 'I had forgotten that my eminent colleague -lived so near. ' He is an audacious antiquarian, but very sound — a dangerous man to contradict.' Eldred looked about him with* a vague sense of disappointment, yet, mingled with it curiously, a great relief. After his guests left the day before he had made a close scrutiny of this part. The big flat paving-stones of the terrace had not been moved certainly, and the room3 within, unoccupied for generations past, had their locks so rusted up that he was obliged to break them open at. his first visit,' weeks before. He had examined them cautiously, too, before meddling with them, and assured himself they were intact. - Either the Treasure had not been hidden there, and Mr. Esking deceived his nephew — in which case the clue waa lost again, or it had not been recovered, and his suspicions were ridiculous. The - latter supposition he could hardly enter tain, recalling events, though he would, have liked to do so, and tha former was distasteful. . . . They spent a long time in the circuit. Beaching the front door again, Mr. Onslow said — ' Now, let me knqw,exactly what you want, sit.' 'Simply, which 'part of my hou38 Ls the oldest?' * -L : 'The south angle, beyond question. We will view it from the inside, if you please.' They did so; traversing the hall, where Arthur still sat disconsolate. ' When you've done,' said he, without moving, 'I shall be grateful for a little human company.' ' Our business to-day is with the rat3, sir,' said Mr. Onslow. 'You do not r.r-inV these pavements have been disturbed?' Eldred a3ked, when they penetrated into the small, low vaulted rooms. **Liot for many generations, I should say with confidence.' ' Then,1' after all was examined, ' you are quite certain fofa is the oldest portion, of the building?' 'Quite! Now, Mr. Thorburn, with your leave I will visit the Gate Towers. It seemed te me, in passing, that they — or one of them at least, is unique.' ' How ? Not for antiquity ?' '' That is one point. I should think it possible, speaking at random, that the clock tower may date from the twelfth, century, probably longer.' 'Bless me, Mr. Onslow, why didn't you say that before ? Come along.' ' I\ didn't understand. The' word c house' does not generally includs - out 'buildihgs, 'except . for legal purposes. I beg lydur pardon.' ' i: * Tt was my fault. ' Say no more. ' ' Eldred's heart beat as he led the way hastily. 'I knew there were ghosts here,' Arthur cried, as they passed through the hall; observing his face. ' Come back and tell a fellow all about it' Mr. Onslow made a thorough survey of the outside, humming a little tune to himself in deep excitement, whilst Eldred followed impatiently. Broken sen tences escaped him. ' - 'Anglo-Saxon! Yes, positively! — touched in part by very early Norman. They added a little ornament to the top of the window there, you see — perhaps damaged in a siege. This, I take it, was the burgh of Thoringham or Thorington. There should be walls round it !' ' * There are — or the foundations. They enclosed the courtyard' until a recent date.' ? ? '.Ah, we'll look at those presently. Noif let us go inside. The door entirely 'rebuilt,- you see. But not a atone moved in the interior. Unique, -Mr. Thorbura, -unique. Where are the stairs ?' He began to throw down Vke heaps of timber piled against t&» ^liy *VY&u; njnj^liay^ *W3 cleared* Mr. 'lilfliprburn, amTuie ivy cat away. It's a moimment!- Fin glad? my father ifc'nt iere— he wonlff be seized' wiife a fit in sheer delight ! Yes, steps perfect, like all Vhe rest I Wonderful — wonderful !. Blocked are they ? We muBt have those bean* ©tit at once, Mr* Thorbum ! Tsaw some -workmen— but stay 1 I must look at them too ! Don't be in a hurry 1' Blared was vexed to delay, but the Visitor's tone made him laugh— there waa fes much of cackle as of speech in his excited soliloquy. ' I'm in no hurry to clear the staircase, I assure you,' he said, 'bot very anxious to follow up the matter for which 1 invited you down.' Mr. Ondow calmed suddenly. 'Iaa at your service, sir. Regarding this tower, my report is that it must be more ancient than de Warenne's building by four centuries— I speak of the vault. It may be five, perhaps six, not improbably seven, there are too few examples of the sort remaining for precise comparison. If you excav&te;— aa I sincerely trust you will — it may prove that a burgh stood on these foundations 1,200 years ago.' ' You ars staying the night, Mr. Ons low, end, in fact, as long as you please. From to- morrow morning I give the Clock Tower into your hands, and I will find what labor you want.' ' On i WiH you allow me to send for my father ?' 44 Send for whom you like, but give me your attention now. I have reason to think that a Treasure wasTburied by one of my ancestors under the oldest part of his house. This is the oldest part, you say. Now, attend to the point.' Mr. Onslow heard with qualified In terest — the legend of a Treasure was but a commonplace excrescence on a real romance. ' How long ago ?' he asked. ' At the date when William de War rene dispossessed us for a time. Tou know when that was.' 'Excellent, indeed;' but his air was politely sympathetic, not warm. 'No possible circumstances other than that could increase the delicious fascination of this building. Have you any further details?' ' None.' ? 'In that case let us clear the pave ment to begin with. Primd fade, we look for a buried object in the middle of the room — after that in the comers. So human nature works. Can you find a besom?3 ' In. a moment.' Eldred returned with the implement. Mr. Onslow was shovelling the dust away with his feet and hands, more thought fully than when he left. Taking the besom silently, he cleared the space which, so far as he could guess, would be - the centre of the vault. ' Tes,' lie said at length. ' It is as I feared. Somebody has been before us, as usual in these cases. The stones have been neatly relaid, but you observe these bits of Roman cement cropping up ! They betray the anachronism. Ah, a sad pity if a Treasure was buried here.' 'Wait, sir,' Eldred said, pale with auger and excitement. 'It is 5 o'clock! The workmen are going away. In a few. minutes we will settle the question.' Mr. Onslow cheerfully resumed his survey of the outside, while Eldred stood silent, by the door. The masons, plum bers, and carpenters had already begun to gather. In a few minutes they passed down the avenue. He brought a pick and shovel. They set to work. It was an easy task to dislodge the stones so lately moved. Within five minutes the secret was out — the bits of wood, tools, and rubbish which Mr. Esking had filled In, reappeared. Eldred put them carefully aside. Neither spoke, saving a few brief words about their labor, until Mr. Onslow said — 'We have come to the original soil; Now, sir, be careful.' He knelt beside the deepening pit and watched every shovelful of earth, dry as desert sand, after ages of shelter from the rain. « 'That's metal— that's the remains of woodi By heaven, perhaps there really was something buried 1 Go slow, Mr. Thorburn!'1 'Tou can't doubt it/' Eldred answered fiercely, ' when a thief has -evidently been digging here i' 'What does fftat prove ?— simply that other people had heard your legend ! But ?—I begin to think ? ' They had sunk beneath the level at -which Mr. Eeking had found the chest. Every turn of the spade threw up bits of -wood, crumbling with dry rot, and frag ments of green corroded metal Mr, Onslow became deeply excited. ' There are the remains of a box,' he said low, ' Gentiy— -gentry V But presently Eldred worked through the deposfti and struck dry soil again. For aa hour he persevered, widening the mouth recklessly. But nothing more turned up. 'You may give over sir,' said Mir. Onslow. 'We are below the Treasure. It has been removed— and not long ago.' 'You will swear to that V ' I wiH swear that such is my confident opinion—and see f He heia up a fragment of newspaper, torn and black. (To be continued.) - 