¥he golden HOPE: A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream.' By W. CLAKK RUSSELL, Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' A Bailor's Sweetheart,' &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVII. — Good Headway. — (Coivtlivued. ) They went to breakfast, a snug little meal, for Mr. Salt, who was an old hand at provisioning ships, had so stocked the Golden Hope that there was little For tescue could not get by asking, if except appetite, the relish that is more often found at sea than carried there. His spirits were better than he remembered ! them for months. The pace of the schooner, the bright morning, the glad ness of the sweet and frothing and swell ing ocean coming into him. had given him a lightness of heart. Things seemed clearer to him, also. The purpose of his voyage, its inspiration, its prospects ; he felt a power of realising things more closely, yet of diffusing his mind, too, as though a mental mist that had hidden everything but Agatha and what her name implied, had thinned ; thereby not only offering him a clearer presentment of motive and mission, but a sight of other things as well. This perhaps might have been evident in the increased attention he gave to Captain Weeks's remarks and appearance, and in the fancies which possessed him touching the contrast between his life at Wyloe and this. Could Mr. Clayton but see him now ! how utterly vanished, indeed how utterly extinguished, . by the liquid girdle of the deep, those curtseying women, those grinning sunburnt country men, those apple-faced babies, those bed ridden crones, those rows of Sunday dressed figures he was wont to exhort ! O Time, old Time ! whilst the wings and the scythe are thine, who in his senses will deem that the age of miracles is over ? The wand had been waved ; and lo, instead of a funeral, a sick parishioner, a congregation, a confirmation, class — here was fiiram Weeks with his legs stuck out like a pair of open com passes, staring with eyes magnified by protrusion at every mouthful he held up on his fork, his leathern jaws busy with talk and mastication ; here was a tossing interior swiftly conveying the clergyman over miles of water even as he sat break fasting, with a glassy depth of hundreds of fathoms — for they were off 'sound- ings' — betwixt the keel that kept him aiipat and the bottom, whilst God knows what queer fish were looking up with the wall-eye of the cod or the flat squint of the dab at the ruddy sheating of the Golden Hope flashing comet-like through the liquid firmament that overhang3 those hills and valleys of the deep, upon which are strewn grass- covered wrecks and the green skeletons of sailors. The sail ahead was going to furnish some excitement. By noon they had risen her to her courses, when she was clearly made out to be a large veBsel under plain sail ; but by the time the stern of her showed black like a blot of ink under her cotton- white canvas with the lift of the sea, Mr. Stone, who had been watching her with attention from anxiety (as Mr. Fortescue saw after a little) tha£ she might serve to illustrate the schooner's going.power, suddenly sang out whilst Ke Itept Mb eye at the tele scope — . ' ** There goes his fore topm'st stunsail ! .By the Lord Harry, skipper, they've took notice of us at last, and niean .to make a race of it.' It was evidently whet the old fellow hoped and wanted, for he toppled about with excitement, whilst he thrust the glass into Mr. Fortescue's hands and btgged him to see for himself. What a foretopmast stunsail was the clergyman had not the least idea ; and if Mr. Stone had told him that the stranger ahead had set his flying jib abaft the spanker he would, in all probability, have simply said 'Really ?'.' But it was not hard for him to perceive .after a little manoeuvring with the glass that the ssiip was a perfect pyramid of canvas, a shining outline against the piebald sky that way; .and evea as he gazed he observed an extension of her sails on the weather side, which, when he called Captain Weeks' attention to it, caused £bV skipper to- yell out, 'Mr. Stone ! 'Mr. Stone ! all larboard stunsails as I'm- a live man, from the royal yardarm to the swinging boom ! A smart ship, Mr. Fortescue, a smart ship sir ! Why, God bless my soul and body, to think now of gear and canvas whippejdiloft pretty nights fast a3 a maa can watch them doing of it 1' You saw how the contest; -of speed that I had now,- practically begun was exciting I the inen,.wiip,:at work on the jobs which j are as endless as a sailor's growling, ! peered and stared ahead and dodged I whatever was in their way to get a look ; : whilst the schooner anored through it, making one long, steady, seething plunge after another till the crowded water under her figurehead rose in niiik to the fore castle rail ; until after dinner, 2 o'clock, it was just the breeze for her, a good cap ful, fit to let her exhibit all she had for an occasion of this kind, though more was on her than she needed for sober sailing. The clouds were then blowing along in smaller masses, and if here and there one rose slow and ponderous the skirts of it were rent ere it had fairly lifted and drove fast ahead in patches. Also, there was & windy dimness in the sunshine, and . the greenish hue of the sea had darkened into a hard wintry olive, with a quicker melting of the heads of the surges, a swifter run of them, and a swarming of yeasty-looking stuff in the troughs. But at times a puff would sing with a shrill edge in it ; it was as though the weather could, not make up its mind ; and, at such . moments every brace and guy, every sheet, tack, shroud, and backstay, was a screwed- up fiddle-string for the, wind to screech upon. One or two of the older among the men would cast an askant glance aloft and then at Hiram, perhaps fearing a muddle pre sentty. Mr. Fortescue stood to leeward of the helm revelling in the grand pace — it was that now ; indeed there was the swift ness of- the flying fish in the mere look of the schooner as she sprang clear, of the smother about her 'bows,' and. went with a cleaving launch down the clear, dark liquid green ; for ignorance rendered Him fearless, and to landgoers upon the ocean everything is right till everything is wrong. Maybe Hiram noticed this,, in which case it would help to make him obstinate to prove the schooner's qualities to the owner ; but a glance from old Stone, whose face was growing aJ bit grave spite of a longing to race and beat the ship ahead, might have moved 'the skipper into giving some order to diminish the strain, had not his eye .been taken by the stranger ; he levelled the glass at her again and again, and after throwing him self I»to a dozen extraordinary postures, while he worked away with the tube, he cried out — ' Jest so ! Mr. Stone, the Stripes and Stars. Histe the ensign, if you please. If her color's meant for 'a sneer she may as -well Snow what she's ridiculing :' The small ensign was - got oat of the locker by the mate and bent to the peak signal halliards ; and it was funny enough to watch Stone's slow aiand-over-fisting «£ the thin rope, and the *ort of stubborn earnest ness in his face as he hauled the flame like color to the brock, and left it there stiff as a signfeoard. It jvas as though the Golden Hope 'drew an impulse from the iiag ; «he leaned' from a sea till it was dezd eyes xinder with her ; following by a sweep to the . height of the next surge that darkened her -forecastle with fine Enow of the cloven srest ; and then hy a long-drawn roll to windward that raised a yelling aloft fit to serve as a trumpeted answer to the Yankee's challenge. At that moment the halliards of the topmast stunsail parted, and down dropped the sail, shaking and slatting so as to make the boom buckle and jump to the leaping of it and the drawing weight; of the loner stunsail. Stone sprang for ward, and Captain Weeks rattled out half a dozen orders. Presently the sail was got on deck, and the topgallant and lower stunsails taken in ; but the puff that had done the business of the stunsails wa3 quickly followed by another and another, and under a steadily increasing weight of wind the little schooner stormed through the sea, rising to the lifting of her great square- sail as if she had a mind to fly bodily into the air. ' If it's going to last like this, capt'n,' said Stone, ' we shall have to wait for a smoother chance to show Mr. Forfcescue what a fruiter can do. No use, sir,:- said he, addressing the clergyman, ' looking at a boy and feelin/ disappointed because his legs ain't as a man's.' 'It's as Mr. Stone says,' observed the skipper, rubbing the object glass of the telescope for another stare at the .ship ; 'yonder's a clipper, and taking the weather as it is, there's nothen afloat of our tonnage and rig that's goin' to show her the road. But p'raps it ain't all over with us yet, said .he, with a grim half mor tified roll of his eyes to windward ; then, pointing the glass — ' Ah, all in but her foretopmast stunsail. She's drawiu ahead — she's bound to do it !' He closed the tube violently and said, ' Down gaff topsail, Mr. Stone ; no use making her drag what she won't carry.' Then presently, 14 Maintoprnast stays'l !' delivered witii a sulkier note yet in the roar of the order. The freshening of the wind might have passed for the rush of a squall if it hadn't been for the blue sky and the white clouds flying over it, though to the west wards of south there was a sort of shadow that seemed nothing but haze till you found you could see through it. Hiram pulled the glass into focus and took another jealous look. 'Ho! ia topmast stunsail, hey !' said he, talking aloud to the ship, and speaking in a fine, sneering voice. '* What's alarming of ye, mate i Couldn't you have held on with that sail a bit longer 2 Condescending to give us the go-by with nothen but royals, are you ? Airs !' he exclaimedj turning to Mr. Fortescue. 'I'll tell ye what ic is, sir, the cheek of them big ships is some thing that just wants thrashing oub of 'em.' ' Mb matter if he outsails us, ' answered Fortescue, smiling, amused and pleased by the anxiety of the tiro men that he should see how fast the schooner could sail. Then, whilst his eye followed the rich creaming white of the wake that seemed like a serpent to be chasing the Golden Hope, with ite sinuous, snowy folds, he exclaimed with a sudden gravity, ** If we could only keep up this speed — never bating it ! never bating it !' ** Why, yes, sartinly ; it 'iid be a good job if we could, no doubt,' replied Hiram. 44 Mr. Stone, better haul down th;s,fc ensign. But for proper sailing, Mr. For- i tescue, we don't want any more wind ! ?than'll allow the Schooner to wear all the clothes that belong to her. Think of th' Hope as a young lady, sir. What's the good o£ gells laying out money in feathers and gownds which trail a fathom astern of their heels, if they're to appear out of door in the nat'ral hair, andLwith their dresses triced up till ye can see where the tops of their boots come. B ye observe xaj meaning, ,sir? It's a allegory, of course.' Mr. Fortescue nodded, for his voice hadn't the power of Hiram's, and it needed all the skipper's lungs to makerhis words 'distinct above the noise. In a big ship the motion ia slow, the sea is some distance down, and the sails are high overhead. - There are plenty of things to get under the lee of, so as to make a chat even in a heavy gala possible. But in a schooner of ninety tons, with the ringing, hissing, and wash ing of water close alongside, talk- is nob easy above-board; the wind conies ia thunder down out of the hollow mainsail, the jumping is fast and furious ; there is a \ dismal wet clattering of rope upon rape, with the splash of water forward and a howling as of dogs aloft when the spars bring - the pointed dray fiercely to wind ward, stabbing the braeze, whilst every surge sweeping along the bends gives forta a sullen roaring noise. But thbugh the ship ahead was leaving the so&ooner; she was in no sense walking awajy from her. What was Vind to the one was wind to the other, and she had clewed her royals 'up when the Golden Hope was still carrying her topgallant sail and flying jib. Chapter XVIIL — The Soho'oker Passes the Yankee. Too much of deck, however, when it was blowing fresh with the nip of liarch in the atmosphere and the damp cf spray in the strong wind, Mr. Fortescue was notyet seasoned enough to stand. So he went below for warmth, and shelter, but had not been in the cabin 10 minutes when he heard the singing out of men shortening sail, and after a little down came old Stone. He may have meant to take a snooze till eight bells ; but perhaps he felt that a pipe of tobacco would do him more good, and as there was no objection to this, for Fortescue smoked as freely as the others, he pulled a piece of flat wood out of one of the lockers, and putting it on the table, and fixing his spectacles upon his nose, he proceeded, slowly and with an air of laboriousness, to cut some shavings , from a plug of tobacco, meanwhile ad dressing the curate. ; 'Just eased her of the t'pgal'ns'l and flying jib, an it'll be down squaresail afore long, sir. No use spurring a willing horse, as the saying is. It looks as if it was coming on to blow, which is a dis appointment certainly, as I was reckoning this morning on the satisfaction this schooner 'ud give you by passing the American vessel.' ' ' Coming on to blow .! Don't you con sider that it is blowing already ?' ex claimed Fortescue, who, landsinan as he was, could distinctly feel the gathering weight in the wind by the deeper plunges of the schooner on the stormier rolling of the seas. 'Why, yes, it's blowing, no doubt,' answered Stone, lighting his pipe, with his head on one side, and sucking at the sooty stem till the glow of the bowl caused the skin of his nose to shine like a ruby ; ' but this here, Mr. Fortescue,' said he, slowly setting himself near the stove, and facing the curate, ' is a wind with nothing noticeable in it as yet. If it conies on westerly with strength, we may be able to show the Yankee what an English fruiter can do. It hasn't been nice weather for- ye, sir, taking it all through from the start. I was ateerd you'd feel the motion of a wessel of this size, and I should have been glad of a week of smooth till you got used to the Golden Hope. Yet you're standin' it uncommonly well, uncommonly well, indeed. If they could see you do arc -at that little village of yours they'd say the sea was goin' to give you all you expected of 'it.' 'If I could be sure of that, Mr. Stone !' exclaimed Fortescue, clasping his hands with a passionate prayerful eager ness that the old sailor put down to pro fessional habit. ?''Well, since it is health as wejl as other matters, sir,' said Stone, puffing leisurely, with his eyes respectfully fixed upon the clergyman, 'there's promise enough already in your face to warrant that all will come right by'm'-bye, Of course it's a good bit yet to the island, and then there's all the way back agin.' He .squeezed the tpbacco in tLe bowl of his pipe with his little finger, and said, ' 1' hope you won't con sider it a liberty, Mr. Fortescue, if I ask you wfcat put it into ycur Lead to suppose that there's any persons belong- \ ing tp the Indiaman on that hisland I was cast away upon I Captain Weeks was a talkin' to me about it, and he said it; wasn't likely you'd buy this wessel and undertake a long voyage on the mere chance of — of — finding the young lady an3 your friends near to where the ship went down — that's to say pretty near. He says to une, ' Sfcone,' he says, * you may depend upon it that you did not onderstand what the gent told you down at Wyloe. If it ain't a question of health it ain't a question of an expensive voyage of seven or height mouths on. speculation. If you'll speak to Mr. Fortescue agin — for the occasion o? this woyage is more your job than mine — you'll find out that he's got information about the parties being on that island of yourn, and that you didn't cor rectly take in his meaning when you and him was a yarning down in the little village.' ' ' I quite remember what I said to you,' answered Fortescue, speaking very ner vously. 'One who was dear to me was in the Verulam when she was lost. I had learnt that there was an island at no great distance from where the ship foundered, and in the hope that the lady and others might have reached it, I determined to ? satisfy my mind by. visiting it.' 'I agin humbly beg your pardon,' ex claimed Stone, accentuating his respect fulness by way of excusing an inquisitive ness he could not restrain, 'but if you knew the island was there ? ' he stopped, not liking to finish the sentence by so blunt a question as, ' Why did you advertise a reward for its discovery ?' Fortescue understood him. ' I wanted to make sure,' he briefly replied, but with the uneasiness of a high conscience to whom half-truths are almost as bad as lies. ' What Captain Weeks was a saying,' continued Stone, not finding much to Understand in the curate's answer, ' wa%, that if tins here woyage was made only for your health, and I can't get him to look at it in any other light, he could re commend a cruise that 'ud last all eight months, if so be you would care for such a spell, which might be made hentertaia ing and instructive ; for .you could go to the West Hindies and to South Ameriky, and then have a look at the Mediter ranean when homeward bound, and so on ; in which case you might earn money by taking cargoes. But there's nothen to be done in tliat way in the island, very little to see, nothen to interest a man, no one to traffic with.' ( A look of alarm darkened Fortescue's face. It was likev the convulsive twist a spasm of the heart gives the features. After a little he said — ' I have not yet had a downright talk with Captain Weeks about this voyage — its object I mean, as it was originally planned between you and me. — and I left him to gather its purport from you and Mr. Salt ; but as you say he cannot make up his mind to believe that we are journeying all the way to the Indian Ocean on the mere chance of find ing my friends on an island there, he con cludes that my chief, perhaps my only, motive is health ?' ' That's about it, sir, because he con siders I didn't rip.htly understand your ideas in seeking that there island.' -l But he knows where that island is ?' : said Fortescue sharply, with the glow of the stove bright in the gaze he fixed upon the old seaman. The lustrousness of the clergyman's black eyes gave an ashen hue to his features, and there was something in this contrast that caused Stone to say quickly, ' Of course he do* as near as I could give it, sir.' . Folding his arms, Fortescue sat without speaking, looking, at the fire in the stove ; whilst fearing that he had said too much, Stone watched him furtively, not liking to speak. It was a strange, even wild picture ; the dim light and the fire shine put the wilderness into it, and this element deepened yet by the stormy sounds outside, the trembling of the plunging schooner, the phantom face of curate, white as a woman's despite the crimson tinge of the stove and by the burly form of Stone watching him. Pre sently the old sailor began to nod, he then lay along the locker with his shoulder against the side, and fell asleep. . There was a brief but bitter conflict of thought in Fortescue. Was it possible that Stone had deceived him ? Yet how was that to be reconciled with his refusal' to take the reward of 100 guineas until the clergyman had seen the island' with his own eyes ? But since this reward was to follow verification, and since Stone knew he could depend upon getting it, as the money had been lodged in Mr. Skin ner's hands, why had he repeated the suggestions of the captain touching a cruise to the West Indies and elsewhere ; for he might easily guess that if the motive of the voyage was dismissed his hundred guineas would go with it. Mr Fortescue's highly nervous condition rendered him suspicious'. He could not question Stone's sincerity, nor imagine so plain, rugged, and simple a sailor to be capable of acting the sympathy and respectful interest he had exhibited thronghout. To what then did his fears point !? To this — That Stone and Weeks had talked the voyage over, and had come fco the conclosion that the clergyman was scarcely sufficiently responsible, mentally, owing to the desperate grief occasioned him by the burning of the Verulam, tq decide upon the long journey he had begun ; or it might be that Mr. Salt, out of pure tenderness for him, had asked Weeks and Stone to endeavor to dissuade him from a voyage that seemed to promise nothing but keen disappoint ment, and hence the suggestion concern ing the West Indies and South America. Be the truth what it would, he felt that ere long, not for conscience sake only, but in the hope that the sympathies of the seamen might find definiteness for tfae voyage in his confession, he must tell them the cause that prompted him to this undertaking. They might secretly deride him, or they might be impressed. He must take his chance For the condi tion of his mind was such that it made him fear they would think him ♦' wanting' if he left them to suppose that this long and costly voyage was ad ventured on no sounder ground than a hope that would seem mere craziness to the practical mind. But fortunately Forfcescue was at sea ; the best place in the world for nerves and bubbling brains, and a remedy better than a soothing mixture came to him whilst he thus sat laboring as heavily amid thought as the Golden Hope was among the billows, in the shape of Hiram's large foot upon the companion- ladder, followed by his husky shout of 'Below there,, Mr. Stone, eight bells if you please.' 'Ay, ay, eir !' he bawled back, talking to Hiram's foot. ' Weather looks dirty, Bill,' said the skipper, shouting down the steps ; ' the men may as well snug her a trifle whilst they're all on deck.' The foot disappeared. Stone pulled his cap on and mounted the ladder, and Fortescue followed, more for the sake of seeing anything that should divert his mind than for love of the stormy weather above. On emerging from that little cabin you would have thought it was blowing' as hard again as it was from the mere ap pearance of the heavens. It was cloud after cloud in wild pursuit ; a mixture of wintry scud- like smoke and large and small bodies of vapor all flying down the sky in the drection where England lay, long leagues distant now. The sun was nob yet near his setting and darkening upon the easternmost clouds, but strong in a sort of misty whirl ing in the west, where the pink haze was like tinted steam, churced and set revolving into a boiling appearance by the spokes ot' fire which swung from sea line to sea-line &a; the clouds drove over the sun, eclipsing the orb, but carrying his beams in their flight. The shadow ia the sonth-vrest had won the wind to it, and then hardened into clouds ; and the shift had given the schooner a bow sea and flattened sheets, which naturally made the weather seem almost fierce to Forfcescue ; for it was like a tilting match twixt in and the schooner, one running at the other. Stone stared to see so much canvas, and Fortescue, crouching under the weather bulwarks, forgot everything in marking the savage aspect the dark green sea took from the red tinge overhead, in noticing the angle of the decks going down into the lee smother till nothing bub the storm of wind under the foresail and mainsail stopped the yellow spume from tumbling on board over the rail in huge flakes ; the mad dives of the pressed fabric till you couldn't see her forward for the foam over the f ok'sle head ; the lull in the trough, then the skyward leap with her spars plomb with the kelson as she came to windward on the crest, ere burying her channels again for her long, hissing plunge down the slant of the Atlantic surge. Hiram stood abaft the weather main rig ging. Hehadthecomposed expression of an experienced exhibitor who knows his beast and is calm in the presence of antic3 that seem dangerous, but he ex tended bis capacious mouth in a wide grin that exposed an odd collection of fangs when, on meeting Stone's eye, he pointed with a long hand right ahead to where just a phantom smudge was discernible as a sea hove the schooner high. ' Still got the scent of her, Mr. For tescue,' he roared to the curate, who tried to see, but was blinded by wind and spray whenever he lifted his head above the bulwark. The crew were crouching on the weather side, sitting in the coils of running gear, hanging upon pins, or holding on to what ever their fingers could come at whilst they waited for orders. It was a moment of triumph for Hiram ; he'd have sprung a mast or blown away a whole sail sooner than have missed the chance of pointing to the Yankee that was still in sight before shortening canvas. But concluding the vessel had been seen by Fortescue, and satisfied to have put- some astonishment into the face of old Stone, whose past experience of the sea and long spell ashore rendered him a person worthy of surprising, Hiram promptly went to busi ness. ' Down squaresail !' The great stretch of canvas was hauled down with difliculty ; it was full of wind and took as much smothering as a whole topsail with the yard 011 the cap and the gale on the quarter. ' Reef the mainsail 1' 'Two reefs whilst you are about it 1' 'Take a reef in the dukey?' Tiie dukey was the foresail. This was done, and the port or lar board watch sent below. The schooner, greatly eased, rose buoyantly to the surges, and made the better weather of it, as a well-treated craft will if her builder has done her duty. The touch of whiter Atlantic weather was rendered the grander by the coarse and dingy flaring of the sun as he sunk lower westwards, with the tall seas sliding darker and darker athwart his hawse. At long intervals there would come a leap of light over some smoky edge like a dull lift of flame over a smouldering mass, that flung upon the west down to the horizon a deeper flush of hazy red, against which the froth of every melting head that way came out in a hard, white glare ; then it was a scene of wildness indeed when you watched this misty outburst of coarse radiance sweeping over the deep, with but the least lightening or darkening of its color. It was like the stare of some angry blood-red eye up among the clouds, but the ocean picture grew truer to the season when the clouds smote and extin guished this troubled lustre, and left the freckled troughs and the steady run ning heights to welter under the pelting vapor that the wind was chasing over the reeling mastheads of the Golden Hope. ' Mr. Stone,' sung out Hiram byand bye, * ' get a reef taken in that f oretopsail afore you go to supper. She'll do very comfortably, Mr. Fortescue, under that ;' and he ; ran his eyes aloft, as though he reckoned that the curate was taking it all in and was satisfied with the snugness, the speed, and the general effect. ' Ah,' said he, swinging his arms upon his chest to warm them, and then squatting down near Fortescue to talk, ' maybe you have taken notice that the wind's drawed ahead since you were on deck ?' The clergyman replied that he had not observed the circumstance. 'Strange,' remarked the skipper, ' that what's so hobvious to the nautical eye ain't always perceived by gents not accustomed to the ways of the ocean. The lay of them yards,' said he, pointing for wards, 'would tell you how the winds acted without obliging you to notice how much end there is of the main sheet on deck, nor how the boom lies. As our course is, the breeze is one point free ; if we was in a ship — I tell yer — the yards 'ud be jammed again the lee shrouds and the weather leeches liftin'. So,' said lie, with another prodigious grin, and a shake of his fist towards the bows, 'if we don't overhaul that there Yankee tefore to-morrow's dawn, you shall per uade me, Mr. Forfcescue, that that wane there at the masthead's a chimbley pot.' It was plain that Hiram had the Yankee on the -brain for the time, and the clergy man could not help thinking that the man's belief in the qualities of the schooner and the manner in which he suf fered his mind to be engrossed by the wish to prove her heels and beat the American, expressed a very simple nature, something to be accepted as genuine so far as it went ; nor was it without a sense of self-rebuke that he cast his eyes towards the square, round-backed, old seamanlike figure of Stone, and recalled the misgivings that had distressed him in the cabin. The wind freshened yet after sundown, and it was as black as thunder till about 9 o'clock, when the moon rose and put a sort of faintness into the atmosphere, for light it could not be called, at which hour it was blowing heavily and a wild sea running ; but determined to go ahead, Captain Weeks had treble-reefed the mainsail, under which, along with close-reefed foresail and jib, the Golden Hope was ratching through ifc, her fore castle smothered, and the water up to a man's waist in the lee scuppers. It was a dry gale, spite of the clouds, whose velo city made the moon look to spin, till you would have thought that the earth had escaped the power that controlled its revo lutions and was twirling madly to God j knows where. In the rigging it was one long ear-piercing yelling as of a thousand voices pitched from the deepest bass to the shrillest treble ; the water broke in dense volumes of smoke over the schooner, and if ever the moon darted a clearer j ray, the wet decks gave back of gleam as 1 of ice to the momentary flash, which glit tered in the oilskins of the watch crouch ing aft, and brought out the marble-like face of the helmsman swinging at the tiller, and Stone, like a statue, with his arm round a belaying pin ; but the greenish streaming was swifter than blink ing the eye, the clouds swept over the luminary as from a factory chimney, and the crew turned black in the shadow, though a sheen swayed about the flooded planks and the canvas reeled dim in the darkness. | Weeks was in bed when Fortescue j thought he would step on deck and take j a look around. It was miserable enough below, certainly. ? The cabin was as vile j with movement as a smack's in a .Norbh Sea gale. There was nothing to be had from the caboose, and for the tea and hot grog, Johnny had to boil the kettle on the j cabin stove. Bideed, the violence of the schooner's motions would have alarmed { the clergyman if it hadn'c beeu for \ Biram'a earnest reassurances ere he with- ,' drew to his bunk for a au.orG spell of j sleep. j ''Why, Mr. Forfceacue,' he had said \ heartily, standing up to pat the glass he ; had emptied into the rack, 'don't you know what 11s sailor men are always sing ing whenever the chance is given us ?' and he roared out in his husky pipe — Old Storray, he is dead an' gone, Storm along, comes Stormy ! I I dag his grave, it wor height feet long, I Storm aloDg, boye, Stormy ! Away, away, away, storm along! Hurrah ! my rolling craw, Stonn along, boys, Stormy ! j This here jumping, this here weather,' i he continued, ;t is ]ust what I could have ! asked for to let ye fully understand what i a tight and tidy little craft old William j Stone recommended you to buy, fit to sail } round the world in, blow high or blow \ low ; safer than a iine-o'-battle ship, so j staunch that if there's e'er a drop of water in her it's either drained dovra through the mast-coats or through a coamin'. that 'ud be the better for shinsing. Why, she's a perfect Mother Carey's chicken — aa ocean sparrow, such as the Bible says can't fall without being took notice of by the angels. I don't know what sort of house ye lived in, sir, when you was ia that little village Stone has mentioned to me ; but I can tell ye, if it was built of Cornish granite and Portland cement it wouldn't- offer you one jot more security agin foul weather than this here schooner. I know th' Hope, Mr. Forfcescue ; if she wor the bosom of the lady as bore you ye couldn't sleep snugger or safer.' And thus speaking he had withdrawo, after bestowing several energetic nods upon the clergyman who could not ques tion the seaman's assurances since he had seen enough of him to know that he woul J not leave the deck if he were not perfectly comfortable in his own mind. ( Yet when he managed to sprawl half through the hatch he could not help f eel irg startled and dismayed by the picture i he beheld. There would have been a more rhythmic, a more regular measure in the schooner's movements had she been hove to, hard as ib was to stop a fruiter even when in that situation ; but she was ratch ing— sailing alone — the wind about a point free, and consequently complicating the natural oscillation given her by the regu lar swinging rise and fall of the dark seas by wild springs, fierce buryinga of her head, a gull-like soaring out of the boil ing stuff about her bows, and giddy rush ings down the watery steeps, which caused Fortescue to think some of the dives she made were for good and all. Besides, there was the wide, wild, whirl ing heavens, the racing moon dim ming and brightening as the rolls of vapor were dense or thin, the thunder of smiting or smitten waters, the whistling and screeching ia the rigging, the shouting in the canvas, the bullet-like singing of the spray torn up from the windward surges and swept in storms that stung as hail would, past the ear. Stone came sliding and sprawling down to the companion, guessing the curate needed a sailor's cheering. 'Trifle blusterin' sir!' he shouted, ' but if the schooner's a bit frisky, she's sailing straight and she's sailing fast, two hobligations upon her which she's a real sweetheart for remembering of.' Conversation was out of the question ; but the mate's observation was well said, for the sense that the Golden Hope was ceaselessly speeding towards the island of his vision neutralised in Mr. Fortescue the alarm that had been excited by the sea and sky of that wan and warring night. He lingered a few moments until a great lump of water, lolling over the forecastle, came washing aft. This ren dered the partial closing of the hatch necessary, so bidding Stone good night the curate descended into the cabin and withdrew to his little room. By this time he was fairly accustomed to the straining noises made by the schooner when laboring ; but for a good while he was kept awake by the close and thunderous sound of the sea striking against the weather side of the vessel. It grew monotonous after a bit, for though there was no regularity in the Golden Hope's pitching and rolling, yet the thump of the surge was almost pendulum like. He always knew how it would be ; first, a wild staggering hesitancy, then a plunge, then the blow of the sea against the bends, the long lean over, the quick shrieking recovery, the short hang on the brow, then another plunge, followed by the blow, and so on, and so on, with a squeak in every treenail, a groan in every timber, a harsh straining of bulkhead ; and bracket-lamp and coats and the like swinging to aad fro, to and fro, scraping against the side, or hanging far out with the heavier lurches. There were notes and sounds for the poor fellow to set his thoughts to. Hark to that muffled, seething roll of heavy water cannonading along the run, and roaring past the screwed up scuttle near him. Hojv often had Agatha heard the tempestuous sound when the gale had dashed ths billows of the great Indian Ocean against the coral reefs of the island ! Hear the fierce and strange shoutings coming down from the rigging with loss of their shrill edge as they pierced the deck ! The sweeping of the hot blasts, the muttering of fiery gusts would often hi.v.s been heard by .Agatha under the midnight stars. Then when he thought of her listening, he would ask himself would she be always unsheltered I Had those who were saved with her built them a hut 2 How by this time would she be attired, lacking all things but the apparel in which she was cast ashore 1 You who know that this man believed his dream to be a whisper in his sleeping ear from God, you who know that whether with perfect sanity or with a mind dis ordered by grief, he was sailing for the island in full conviction that he should find Agatha Fox there ; you may conceive what desperate imaginings of his darling's forlornness, her dreadful plight, her suf ferings, of houselessness, homelessness, and friendlessness, his mind would be led into when he thought of the bleak and rolling ocean, the flying smoke of clouds, the whirling of the cold green moon5 the storming of roaring surges against the schooner, and the bitterness of the atmo sphere, that even in his cabin sent shudder after shudder through him as he hugged the bedclothes to him with a frequent \ start when a wilder plunge of the vessel j filled her forward deck with boiling and | pounding water. At last he fell asleep, but in his slumber he sobbed often and talked aloud. Doubt less he dreamt of Agatha, and it was natural that whatever came to him in his sleep should have the trouble and distress of the windy, flying night in it ; at least one would say it must differ from the dreams he had of her at Wyloe, whsn all was still, the stars as peaceful as the dew drops they glistened in, no movement in the trees, no sound in the air if it were not the timid chirrup of an awakened bird, or the indescribable ghost-like mur mur the surf will send far inland ; for in such dreams he would often smile and start from his sleep with a speech oflove to find that his hand had clasped fingers more shadowy than shadows, and that the adored form that had been seated at his pillow was real only as memory is. But at sea it is nearly all downright piose. Mr. Fortescue was not a mariner, but he could not own a vessel and be aboard her without a taste of the plain peculiarities of the sea life ; hence from dreams of Agatha he was aroused by a smart knocking on his cabin door, and on asking what was the matter Captain Hiram Weeks walked in. ' Mr. Fortescue, it's just past th' hah* hour, sir, or I shouldn't ha' taken the liberty. It's daylight, an' ye'Il see it fine. Sir, if excuses are needful for callin' of you, plenty of 'em shall follow if ye ain't satisfied. But I beg you to bear a hand, for sights at sea are swallowed up with astonishing speed.' . So saying he closed the door, whilst Fortescue, who was always . quick at waking, and who was therefore able to graap chat he was instantly -required on deck, rapidly clothed himself and has tened above. It was stUl blowing heavily and a very high eea was running; it Tvag I bitterly cold, too, but clear, if it were not for the haze of spray blown low and along by the wind. It is no joke to a landsman to come fresh from the sheltex of a cabin and the warmth of a bed into bleak and streaming decks aad half a gale of wind : and for some moments the curata stood almost stifled with the pouring blast, and dazed by the cold and the wildnes3 of the scene, till Hiram helped him fair on deck, closing the companion, and then carrying him to the shelter of the weather bulwark. ' There, sir ! Loo£ ?' shouted thd skipper pointing fair abeam to leeward. A gaunt man is always gauntest in the morning watch at sea ; and as Hiram stood pointing, clad from head to foot as he was in oilskin, the leathern, long, hollow face framed in an old and narrow thatched aou'-wester, might have bsen a skull covered with parchment. An odder picture there never was than that made by this tall, lank figure holding to the rail with one hand and pointing with the other to leeward, where Vhe backs of the grey surges ran smooth and marbled under the showering of their oto spray. Mr. Forteseue squeezed the water out of his eyes and looked ia the direction indicated, and saw not above halt a mila distant a big black ship under close reefed topsails, reefed foresail and fore topmast staysail, heeled over till the grass- green sheathing showed, you woultj have thought, to the bilge- strake. 'Now, Mr. Forfcescue,' cried thQ1 skipper, in a voice as hoarse as a raven's, through the exultation and pride in it, see now the difference 'fcwixt a fruiteir and a clipper ship ! It's the Yankee, air j him as we sighted yesterday, and who dropped us. So help me Bob, sir,' h» criecf, bringing his hand with a whack upon his thigh by way of emphasising the word Bob, 'if that there ship to leecrard ratchin' under close-reefed torps'ls ain't the very identical Yankee as sneered at us yesterday with his stripes and his stars. Tim, tell the gent — is it the Yankee oe ain't it?' Thus addressed, the able seaman, Tim Duck, who was at the tiller, himself clad in yellow oilskin, which the wind got into and swelled out into an aspect of dropsy in the last stage — looked at the ship and then at Fortescue and said, ' Ay, she's the Yankee right enough.' It was a fine sight to behold the ex travagantly delighted gaze Hiram fixed upon the clergyman. Had he won the schooner on a wager the extraordinary satisfaction he exhibited could not have been more striking. The recollection of it and of the man's whole appearance at that moment entered afterwards into Fortescue's remembrance of the incident, but only just awake, half stunned by the roaring of the gale, and half frozen by the spray-laden, flashing wind, it was as much as he could then do tp look where he was bidden. The small ensign was tearing; . like a flame at the schooner's peak signal halliards, but there was no response to it aboard the American. A beautiful ship she was, moulded to perfection of finish: in lines, as was easily seen from the wind ward side of her ; a square stern, a fiddle figurehead, a knifelike cutwater, and the more exquisite for symmetry and appear ance aloft for her royal yards being down and for the cleanness her four topgallant: masts took from the absence of hamper there. You almost felt her disdainful wrath, at being overhauled by the little schooner ; for what but that, to a nautical eye at least, should signify, the savage, blows she struck the seas, those eager swerving sweeps that would put a tremble, like a shudder, of foiled Impatience, into the weather leeches of her topsails, the wild rise of the oncoming surge as if she would leap it in her passion; then the sickly reel to leeward till the grey-backed billow rising high and foaming between her anct the schooner hid her to half the height of her lower masts from the triumphant gaze of Hiram and Mr. Fortescue, who ?was beginning to forget that it was cold and wet in the melancholy grandeur of the scene his consciousness was now com passing. Melancholy it all was, though grand and with wildness in it, too. Whether in storm or in calm, the ocean in northern or southern latitudes, where tbe sun rises tardily in the wake of the dawn, is always sad at daybreak. The shadow of the night seemed to linger in the ashen pouring of the waves swelling from the windward horizon ; tie sky was grey and the clouds were rushing in processions oft of vapor, whenever a sea poured its whiteness into a valley the expiring foam swung up the acclivities with a ghaetliness of hue that was as unlike the pallid froth under moonshine or the shining snow of the surges under the fuller day, as the color of the leper is un like the complexion of the healthy skin. The desolateness of daybreak, the cheer lessness and melancholy of it, were in all things ; in the damp dark planks of the schooner with the scuppers bubbling ; in the spray-shadowed cloths which strained wet and full from gaff to sheet ; in the still and glistening figures of the men on deck crouched aft and watching the American ; in every upheaval of crystal line smoke from the swift chop and shear ing blow of the fruiter's stem. Yet the grace of the leeward ship stole like a kind of warmth into the early morn ; there was life in her and beauty ; you saw the helms man when she came to windward, stiff at the wheel, deigning no notice of the schooner ratching past; the officer of the watch at the mizzen rigging; a head or two over the rail abreast of the ' foremast ; and the blowing of smoke .- from the freshly lighted fire. But the Golden Hope was to have her way of her. It was part of Hiram's triumph that he should have hung in the Yankee's wake all night and guessed her leeway so as to bring the vessels at dawn abreast of one another, with the wind a point free foe the schooner, whilst the ship lay jammed, to her course. ' Johnny !' he roared, ' stand by to dip the ensign !' And when the ship was brought fair on. the quarter the lad who had been called made the schooner bid her an ironical adieu by three times lowering and hoisting, the flag, the hist time hauling it down £ok good. 'Now I'm satisfied,' cried Hiram, rubbing Ms hands and grinning down on Fortescue. ' Speed's what you wanted, sir, and here it is, dragged out o' the heart of a gale o' wind. After this, example of what your wessel can do, Mr. Fortescue, me and Stone '11 be able to feel that the 'sponsibility we took in recommending th' Hope isn't exceeded Toy the confidence we had in her. If apologies is necessary for rousing of you up — ' but Fortescue checked him by a wave of the hand. (To he continued. \ 