POLICE NEWS. Alleged Stabbing.— At tho City Court yes terday, a Norwegian named Ilalvor llilga was charged with wounding Stephon Lambert, a sailor. Ic appeared from tho ovidenco that on Tuesday night prosecutor and prisoner, who were Ktrangers to each otber, met in the bar of tho Lord Clyde Hotel, 143 Flinders-street west. Suddenly, and without the least provocation, prisoner lifted his hand and with some sharp instrument struck Lambert on tho head, inflict ing asevere wound which bled very m ucb. Patrick Hayes, the licensee, corroborated tho testimony giveu by Lambert as to the utter want of provo cation lor tho assault, as no word was spoken be tween the parties. Aftorstriking theupoffonding seaman his assaiiant ran out of iho door, but was pursued and arrested by Constable Ross. Ho was remauded until to-day at his own re quest, to bring forward '& witness for tho de fence. An Incorrigible Offender.— An old man named "Watts Dyson, who has been xuoro than once convicted aud imprisoned for assaulting bis wife, was again, yesterday, charged with a similar offence. It appeared that tho moment he was released from gaol heproceededstraight to his wife's residenco in Carlton, and having broken open tho front gate, ho hurled throo stones at tho windows. Ono of tlio missiles nearly struck and might have wounded one of his children, a little girl, who fled to her mother for protection. Accused, after a torrent of bad lauguago towards his wife, was giveu into custody. Ou tho application of Sub- in spector Deaay ho was remanded to bo dealt with on Saturday at Carlton. si A Pickpocket. — Henry Butler, a respectably dressed man, unknown to tbo police, was brought up at tho samo court, yesterday, charged with attempting to steal a watch, value £3, from Sherrock Gleeson, in tho fish market. At about half- past 6 o'clock that morning Mr. Olecson, who has boon a dealer in tbe market for 20 years, suddenly felt a hand snatch at his watch, which, on turning sharply round, ho saw in prisoner's possession. Tho ring which held tho watch to the chnin was broken. The chain alone remained fastened to his vest Ho instantly grasped Butler -with both hands by tho collar and demanded his property, whereupon the tatter, with an ail of innocence, denied the theft and asked to bo searched. Tbo watcfi was found on the ground at his feet Prosecutor was very positive that ho had stolen it, and calling a constable gave Butler into custody. Accused was convicted and sent to gaol for two months. Assault. — Richard Mitchell was charged at tho samo court yesterday with assaulting Johanna Murphy, an unfortunate, in a low locality known as Bilklng-square. Tho alleged assault was committed on the night of tho 24th inst. Tho parties had lived three or four years together, but had quarrelled and separated. Accused was bound ovor to keep tho poace towards complainant for threo months. Alleged Larceny. — George Harris, an elderly man, who, on three occasions has been brought up at the City Court and remanded on a chargo of stealing a portmanteau and con tents, value £20, " tbo property of Farquhar M 'Donald, from tho Globe Hotel, Swanston- stroet, was yesterday discharged from custody, as the police had been unablo to find the stolen property. He was seeu by two detectives leav ing tbe hotel on the evoning tbe theft was committed with a portmanteau in his hand, but whilst they entered to xnako inquiries he went away. Aluwrd Assault by a Pugilist. — At tho District Court, yesterday, Thomas Lees, a well kuoivn pugiltat, who was recently committed for trial (after being brought over in custody from Now Zealand) on a chargo of assaulting George Smith, a sporting mnn, was summoned by a colored man, named Richards, who com plained of having been assaulted. When the ca60 was called defendant did not appear 5 and, ou the application of Mr. Forlonge, who said ho had again bolted, tho bench issued a warrant for his arrest. Sly Gnoo Selling. — At the Fitzrov court yesterday, James A, Kaye, who holds a colonial witio licence for a shop in Smith-street, was 1 charged, under section 134 of the Licensing Act, with soiling liquor without a licence. Mr. G 'Connor, of tho Kxciso department, who ap peared for the prosecution, informed the bench that, on the uight of the 1st January, tbe de fendant had sold two bottles of ale to witnesses whom be would produce. At this stngo tbo de fendant pleadedgnilty ; and the bench iuilicted a fine of £25, or in default three mouths impri sonment. Mr. O'Connor said thero was a se cond summons against Airs. Draper for u simi lar ' ffeuce. Mrs. Draper resided with Mr. Kaye, and as the tatter had pleaded guilty ho (Mr. O'Connor) would withdraw tho case ugainst her. ' , An Absconding Town Clruk. — William Osborne Herman, (formerly clerk to the muni cipal counoil of MacDonaldtown, near Sydney, was brought up iu custody at tho City Court on Wednesday, charged with having wilfully omitted to make certain entries in tho official cash book aud ledger with iutent to deceive r.ud defraud the ratepayers of that borough. )Io was arrested that moruing ou a provisional warrant ou information sent from Sydney, having absconded from MacDonnldtown. Ho was remanded pending the arrival of an officer from Sydney. 4 A Notorious Thief. — A woman named Ellen. Anste&d.; described bv the police as a notorious nnd most dangerous thief, ono who has been repeatedly prosecuted and convicted of larceny, was azain brought up at tho City Court en Wednesday, on a frcdi chargo of robbery, .it being, alleged that sbo had stolen four -£10 notes aud a sovereign from tlio person of Charles Wilson, a young man whom oho had accosted in tho street on Tuesday evening. Tho prosecutor was not ire cut. On the application of Snb- Inspector Deasy, tho prisoner was rcinauded in custody until Friday. A Begging Impostor. — Charles Rogers, alias Francis Willougbby, a rcspectatlo looking youth, attired in a midshipman's uniform, was brought up at tho samo court on Wednesday, on a remanded chargo of soliciting alms. Proof was given by four wltmwscs of his having, by faho staiemenLs, obtained Is. from several persons whom ho accosted ono evening in CoL lins-street, who believed that ho was in urgent neod, and that he desired to rujoiu his Bhip at Villiamstown. As a matter of fact, he was not on any ship, and ho had assumed tbe uni form the bettor to practise his imposition. Ho pleaded hard to bo leniently dealt with, pro mising to amond. Tho bench committed him lo prison for ono month. Assault on a Wife. — John Hitchcock, a brick layer's laborer, living in Carltou, was charged at tbo City Court on Wednesday with a&- sautling bis wife. Mrs. Hitchcock rotated a' fad tale of domestic unhapDincs9, caused by hor husband's propensity for drink and his unwill ingness to work. Ho liad severely beaten hor on several occasions. She was livo years mar ried. Hor fifo was in constant danger from him, and sho could not livo with him. A wit ness, a laundress, who had witnessed soino of accused's ill-trcatmenfc of his wife, gave corro borative evidence. The assault chiefly com plained of was committed in tho month of Juno last, near the South Australian Club Hotel, Spring-street, The bouch ordered accused to find ono suroty in £25 to bo rospouaiblo for his good behaviour for threo months, Another Wife Beatfjl — Frank Robertshaw was also charged at tbo same court on Wednes day with a similar assault. Complainant, his wifo, said sbo was four years married, Sho lived in Abboisford-street, West Melbourne. Her hus band was iu the habit of abusing aud ill treat ing her. He camo homo drunk aud demanded money. Becauso sho had not any to give him ho flung a lighted candlo and candlestick at her head. Sho had repeatedly had occasion to complain to tho magistrates respecting his ill- trcaimcnt, and on tho Cth November he was bound over to keep tho peaco for six months. Ho was always drunk when ho returned home. She had ono child by hint, which she alono maintained. Defendant caught her by tho throat 011 Tuesday night and would havo choked her, as ho threatened, but for tho help alio received from her son, a littlo boy, whom she called out of his bed to como to her aid. He had repeatedly promised amendment if sho would let him off. Constable Martin gave ao- cused a very bad cb&racter;, and said ho bad brandished a knife and threatened him with it when ho came to arrest him. Prisoner was once again bound ovor to koop tho peaco for six mouths and required to find one surety iu £25. Ho boggod hard to bo given u one more chauco but his wife said she could not trust him to keep his promise, and tlio arresting constable said ho was a low, cunning follow, who could not bo trusted. Matrimonial.— -At the Richmond court on Wednesday John AV. Howe summoned bis wife, Catherine Howe, for insulting words whilst sho brought a cross chargo against him for assault. Tho evidenco was that on Saturday week ho stood speaking with a gentleman iu Slmpsou's-road, when his wifo came up and used, aomo disgusting words. Ho, however, admitted that ho bad not given hor any support for many months, but alleged iu. justification that- sho spent aU- tho money in drink and would not lead an honest fife. Several wit nesses testified to his violent temper und his association with men of bad character. On tho day in question Mrs. Howo went to the house -to got some clothes, and without -tho slightest provocation ho struck her with a heavy chaiu aud turned her out on to the street. Howo was fined 20s. aud 21s. costs for tho assault, and Mrs. Howe was fined 10s. and 21s. costs for hor offenco A Colored Ghost. — At the South Melbourne court on, Wednesday a Hindoo named 3Sli Madrid, who appeared in court attirocl in the flowing white robes peculiar to his race, was proceeded against on a chargo of vagrancy. Evidence was given by Constable Duun that at 2 o'clock on Wednes day morning ho arrested accused whilo sleep ing m a horso box on tho south wharf. Ho had considerably alarmed the night watchman, who, from accused's strange costume, was led to think tho tatter to be a ghost. Accused stated, through an interpreter, that ho was working on board tho French s. Calodomen, and that, having obtained tho necessary leave, ho came to see u tho sights of tho city." Feeling some what tired after walking around, however, he laid down in tho horse box find fell asleep. Tho bench discharged him. A Mean Fellow. — Ono of those cases of gross imposition on tradesmen camo under tho notice of the liew bench on Wednesday, when a well educated but very disroputablo looking man, named Robert Arnold, was oharged with having no visiblo lawful means of support. He had boon living nt Collingwood, and camo out to ICew tho previous day to- bog. While pass ing along tho 'main road he had tho extreme auducity to rush iuto tho shop of Mr. Hiichin, butcher, representing that lie was starving and imploring assistance. Mr. Ifitehin at onco handed to the man about 7 !h, of corned beef, at tho samo time expressing pity for him. Three minutes after ho called at what ho thought to be a private house, but which was the police station, aud offered tho meat for sale, but was sent on bis bu3iuoss by Sergeaut AI'Qrath, who, as soon us it was possible, sent off a man-to watch the prisoner. In tho mean time, however, Arnold had effected a sale and spent tho proceeds. in drink. When found by the constable ho was lying helplessly drunk iu a right of way. rrispner said ho was once a head clerk, but ultimately worked in a wood yard. Ho promised to go away into tbo coun try if discharged, and the bench, not wishing to saddle tho Stato with providing for him, told him to go at onco. Street Obstructionists. —Threo young fel lows of tho larrikin class, named Thomas Murphy, Charles Mortimer and John Bennett, woro prosecuted at tlio Kow court ou Wednes day for obstructing tho publio footpath. It seemed that they wero spies for ouo of the publicans, and on. last Sunday night Constable Ring found them In the vicinity of the u Corner," and although ho requested them several times to move ou, they refused to do so. Murphy and Bennett were each fined 20a., aud Mortimer 40a. A Disorderly House.— At tho South Mel bourno court on Wodnesilay two women named Clmriotto O'Neill and Caroline Smith wero proceeded against, tho former for being the keeper of a disorderly bouse and the latter for being an idle and disorderly- person, baring no lawful visiblo moans of support. Inspector Acton prosecuted. Mr. Sievwright appeared for tho woman O'Neill, and Smith was unde fended. Sergeant Bailey stated that on Satur day last O'NeflT proceeded against a man named Chiirtes Strtanrer-ffor haring -unlawfully as saulted bcr by-striking hor on tho head with a bu tton on the 19tb inst. For tho defonco tho prisoner Smith was callod, who swore that ou tho evening in question tho complainant and herself were parading tho Saudridgo-road soliciting prostitution ; that Streamer accom panied her to the house of O'Neill, boor was sent for and drank, and that ou complainant refusing to rot urn 2s. 6d. which had been given to her by the defendant to fetch more liquor —which she do dined to do — the assault was committed. She also gave evidence that O'Neill was tho keeper of a disorderly houso ; and at tho conclusion of tho case tho witness was & rested, and tbe complainant proceece 1 against by summons. Charles Streamer said that whilo iu Satdridge- road on the night of tho 19th inst. he was accosted by Smith, and accompanied hers to tho house of O'Noill, situated in Alfred-Strict, for immoral purposes. If tho bench would discharge Smith, however, ho was willing to marry her. A neighbor named Eliza Taylor said that tho houso was very rowdy, and seemed to be disorderly, while another witness for tho prosecution, naiuod Jane Harvey, stated that she had never seen any thing wrong iu the houfce. Mr. bievwright, for tho defence, called two respectable married women, named Cat! orino Morrison aud Laura Kcnnouy, who stated that they were next door neighbors of O'Neill, whom they considered to bo a respectable woman. Thoy had never seen nny idle or disorderly persons about the place. Tho bench considered that the chargo was not clearly proved against O'Noill, and sho was dis charged, whilo tbe woman Smith was re manded for a week. An Unnatural Brother. — A rather severe chargo occupied tho attention of the Bruns wick magistrates on Wednesday, whon S. G. Isaacs was charged by his sister, Francos with violeutly assaulting her. It appeared that tho accused, who did not appear, was using abusive language towards his mother, when the plaintiff remonstrated. lie at once seized htr by tho nock, screwing it round in a most violent manner, also striking tho unfortunate girl two scvero blows across tho back of tbo shoulders. Tbe prosecutrix stated tho accused was frequently in tbo habit of assaulting her, on ono occasion cutting open her nose and head. To Mrs. Isaacs tho prisoner expressed a wish that ho had not choked biausister, ho thinking &t; the lime that ho had douo for her. The bench hold the charge proved, and inflicted a lino of 4lU, with 2s. 6<i. costs. 