OUR MELIOUIINE LETTER. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Molbourne, Saturday. I hare seen Parliament assemble in this colony for nearly three decades, and never did I witness a more lively performance than that of Tuesday last. The Ministry were shy, the members dubious, the public apathetic, and the ladies who crowded the Council Cham bers were mostly friends of our friends. The military came out strong, but even scarlet jackets, cock feathers and spurs and all that, seem woefully out of place with a dark wintry sky, and puddle up to the ankles. However, we are a fine people, and if we cannot at present lick creation, that feat will doubtless be accomplished in time. The present Governmentare desirous of sellieg public interest in politics, and, everything considered, they seem in a fair way of accomplishing their pur. pose. His Honor the Speaker was at his post; this is about all that can be said of him. He looks feeble, declining in physical vigor. I shall not say mental, for he is still equal to an emergency, and he went through the traditional ceremonial like a man who knew he had to do it for appearance sake, and was resolved to do or die. Dear old, impulsive, genial, true hearted Peter, he seems preparing to hand in his papers, and it would only be a gracious act to enable him to retire from public life, secured against the possible exi gencies of the future. Mr. Gillies looked as trim as a bridegroom, who had only secured a fair partner when he felt the appetite should wait upon the judgment. In fact, he does not feel himself at home bossing the country. He looks and speaks like a man who thinks that there is nothing in it, but still, for the sake of the salary rather than the party, that it must be gone through. The array of members who turned up was not formidable. There were old men and young men, some who had done the State some serviceo others who were trying to do it. There were not a few whom I remember to have seen, let me not say for how many years, collecting on similar occa sions, fresh, vigorous, and intent upon great things, alas many of them have now got weak and stiff in the joints, but who seemed desirous of still appearing young, if not frisky. I thought I never saw a more saddening picture than one, who in times gone by felt a proud consciousness of the hope of his party being centred in him, and he stumbled in after the Speaker with, heavens ! shall it be stated, his not very white handkerchief hanging down below the level of the hind skirts of his Sunday coat, presenting a spectacle for Gods and men to smile at, and yet weep over. Tommy Bent took up his position as he did nlast session, in ostensible borders of the Opposition. He made one of his bungling speeches about the' Queen, and seemed happy, but uncer tain of what might arise. Mr. Pater. son did not rise above the surface, and Mr. Munro only addressed himself to a question of very sudordinate import. It is clear as noon day that the Speaker must shortly resign, and the question in pohlitical circles is, who shall succeed him ? The position will be used as a bunch of carrots by the Government, but it is quite uncertain who shall be the coming man. MIr. Cooper, very seriously, is entitled to it, but he is no politician, and, at best, only a weak man. He is not quite so great a flat as Mr. Jones, of Ballarat, proved himself in the same position as Chairman of Committees but he has neither antecedents,' experience, nor capacity sufficient to warrant his appointment, except to keep out a better man. The Irish meeting on Saturday was a success, and it wasn't, it seems, un fortunate that the ecclesiastical ele ment should be found prominent on these occasions. Colonists do not care for the blending of church and State, and a political parson is usually re. garded as an oncrouchment. The spoeeches had not the genuine Irish ring about them, they lacked spirit and spontaneity. Every speaker seemed afraid of getting the press down on him, and he spoke circum spectly. WVonderful to relate, there were 3,000 Irish patriots present, and thereo was not a single row. What are Ireland and the Irish coming to ? A meeting of IIibeornian's eons without a scrimmago, is like a wedding without music, and a banquet without the soul.stirring influence of the glorious vintage of champagne. The age of chivalry has gone. How are the mighty fallen, I thought, looking round me from the elevated and rudely conetructed platform overlooking a wide expanse of uplifted faces, most of them with the true Celtic indications,' that not a few of the present looked bluo mouldy for the want of a " bat ing." Tho Chinose Commissionors are hav nlg a fine time of it; they have boon honored by overyone, and visited by, all and sundry. Amongst the othor notabloe who called and convorsod with Genoral Wang Wang Ho, was Mr. Murphy, ox-cocrotary of tho Trades' Hall Council, and tho fact was doemod of importanco suflicient to bo rocordod by the Argus. The significanco of the viit does nat com apparent to the ordinary mind. Mr. Murphy, for somo reason I suppose, assumos very much the style of tho crushed trago. dian or Coriolanus rologatod to tho Flough. His garments hang grace flly from his person like classic drapory, and theoro is a ort of " the timo will come oxproesion in his eaglo oey, which " trikos tho bholde r. Tlio ilinoso magnate, whoso name olnds with an "IIo-hi.ho," seemed iroatly struck with Mr. Murph y' Improsuivo stylo, and when he loft th room he remarked to the intorpretor, 8urely I have hoard that gontloman's name before," Tho interpreter whie. pored mnysteriounly, " Your Excelloiney, tmo namu is, very uncomnmuon," "Ho. li.iio," upologlood, Do mortuis nil nidsi bonuns is an ex. lent principlo to act upon, but suppose a gentleman Hebrew had let you in for soeveral hundreds sterling, what would hbe your feelings on hearing that he had shuffled off not only his coil but his obligations? Such an one has just been gathered to his fathers, who, I hope, will now disown him in the land where the wicked cease from troubling, and bills at three months are unknown. This amiable son of the Somatic race was a caution. To know him was not to love him, it was rather to wish to " hammer" him; for as suro as fato you are bound to re member him to the day of your death. His victims were legion. Why should I particularise? The charmer had myself for a good round sum, and, alas ! too, too many of my friends also. " Ho died," observed one of them the other day, "worth £300 of mine in his pocket, received os. Saturday, to be banked on Monday ;" but before the bank opened hlie thought proper to give up the ghost. For somo months previously this accomplished Hebrew had done the old Abraham to perfec. tion, and told everyone in confidence that he had not got a copper to get a drop of ale. The curator of estates of deceased persons applied for letters of administration in the estate of this amiable spoliator a day or two ago, when it was found that he died worth several thousands of pounds sterling. Mr. M. HI. Davies, the member for St. Kilda, was only a small attorney some few years ago, and he has just blossomed forth as a millionaire. That all came along of the land racket. eo seems to have done so well as to be able to afford to give the sum of £10,000 towards various charities. it would.be uncharitable to say in this case, ." Does Job serrve God for naught ?" The suspicion is abroad that a few of our more opulent citi zens are desirous of securing the honor of knighthood over the public business. I should be sorry to oven insinuate that Mr. Davies had so vulgar and con temptible an object to serve in bestow. ing his benevolence in so princely a fashion. ,_ . . 