ORANGE COLUMN STAR OF THE REFORMATION, L.O.L., NO. 133. MINMI, Celebrated the discovery of the Gunpowder Plot on the 5th instant by a social tea and concert. An excellent spread was provided by Mrs. R. King, and between sixty and seventy persons enjoyed it heartily. The concert commenced at about 8 o'clock, and was ably presided over by W.M., Bro. W. Hodgson, supported on his right and left by Bro. Jas. Gasteen, Deputy MaBter, and Bro. A .«««»! CAnvnfnvn Tkft moaiinor tnaa AiilOU A yClCRIj Uviil vltllj'i AUU tMvwuiMg «« openfd by the members and friends singing " Hold the Fort." The Chairman then gave a brief address on the objects of the celebra tion, and expressed his regret at the absence of the Rev. Mr. Goldsworthy, whom he had ex pected to address them that evening. How ever Bro. John Eindman would take his place. Be bod much pleasure in calling on Bro. Eindman for a short address. Bro. Hindman, on coming to the front, was well received. Be said, — W.M., officers, and members, ladies and gentlemen, the 5th of November is a conspicuous day in the history of England, for, as yon are aware, it was the 5th November, 1G88, that Prince of Orange landed at Torbny. The motto that was in scribed on the banner that iloated proudly over him was "The Protestant religion and the liberties of the people of England I will maintain." "What joyful news that was to many a poor Protestant that was groaning nnder the iron heel of Popery in Ireland at that time. It was also on the 5th of Novem ber, 1605 that the infamous Gunpowder Plot was discovered. Tbis was planned by tbe Romanists, and headed by the Superior of the Jesuits in England, to give Protestantism a blow in the dark, that she would never re cover from it. This was their hop'e ; but 'twas all in vain, their bloody plot was dis covered in . time. The sixteenth and seven teenth centuries were centuries of fierce and cruel struggles. Protestants fighting for dear life and the liberty to worship God accord ing, to tbeir consciences, against Popery try ing to exterminate all who did not believe in her . unscriptural dogmas. If we turn our eyes to tbe page of Irish history, we find it was then as it is now — ProtestantB were mur dered with impunity in every corner of the land. But it was not till 1641 that the storm hurst with all its fury on the unoffending Protestants of Ireland. Were I to relate tbe details of those cruel butcheries, it would do to you what the ghost of Baudot's father said with regard to the crime of his uncle, it would freeze the blood in your veins. Let me mention a few of them. In Ireland alone, on June tbe 8lh, 1641, one hundred and fifty persons were burnt in the Castle of Lisgool ; and on tbe 23rd of October, the same year, close on one hundred thousand more were cruelly murdered. In August, 1642, one thousand more were drowned at Portadown. On the 8th of March, 1643, Armagh Cathedral was burnt with five hundred more Protestants in it, and these are only a very small number of the butcheries the Church of Rome has committed on the Protestants of Ireland. It was not, my friends, to free Ireland from the yoke of England that these and similar atro- citiee were committed. There is nodonbtitwas because they would not bow down to the idolB of Rome. The history of that period shows many a dark conspiracy backed by the Church of Rome. The earliest of these was the Gunpowder Plot. Perhaps some would like to know what the King and the Protes tant Dobility of England had done to cause the Romanists to connive at such an hellish plot. They had done nothing. But the Roman Catholics were sorely disappointed, for when James the First ascended the , Throne of England, he being the son of Mary; . Queen of Scotland, who was a bigoted papist, and had lost her head for plotting against the lifo of her cousin, Protestant Queen of England, they thought he would reverse the order of things, and bring England back to the fold of Rome. But he refused their entreaties to turn Papist again. Hence the necessity of the Gun powder Plot, to blow up with ono foul sweep all who would dare thwart her in her objects. But what has been the history of the Papacy in the ages that are past ? One long con tinued catalogue of crime, her objects being the same — to exterminate all who differed religiously from her. Indeed, since the first ray of truth flashed from tbe heroes of the Reformation, the struggle has been great. But Popery baB to retire before the all-con quering power of tbe Gospel. The Bible she dare not meet, for it condemns her plots and treasons, her false doctrines, and her. fraud ; while it marks her end and describes her doom. In conclusion, I wish to make a few remarks regarding the statements made by Romanists, and by many milk-and-water Protestants, calling loyal Orangemen bigots and fanatics, &c.;, &c.; I burl these accusa tions hack in their teeth, and can prove the Church of Rome to he the most bigoted and intolerant organisation that ever was formed on the earth to rob God of Eis glory and to trample on the freedom of men. Tbe speaker then resumed his seat amid great applause. Bro. Wm. McCallum then sang "The Marks man's Travelling Song," and being recalled, gave the song, "The Rambles of Paddy McGinn," and received great applause. Bro. McLean then gave " Drumundrew's Dead," which caused much laughter. Mr. McFadden sang " The Gallants of England " in his usual good style. Bro. James Eindman sang " The Teapot Close." Miss Annie McFadden splen didly rendered, "Who will Care for Mother Now?" Mr. D. Jonas gave "Speak a Kind Word when you Can," and was in grand form. Mrs. McCallum obliged by giving " Ben Bolt ; " this was also splendidly ren dered. Bro. Findnly then favoured the audience willi " Burns' Farewell to Tarbolton Lodge." The singing being all of a high- class order, was heartily enjoyed by all, each singer receiving well merited rounds of ap plause. At the conclusion of the concert, Bro. Alfred Ayerest moved that the best thanks of the meeting he given to Bro. J. Hindman for bis splendid address, declaring that be enjoyed it very much ; and also a vote of thanks to the singers, and to the ladies who waited on the tables. Tbis was ably seconded by Bro. Gasteen, and was carried with great enthusinsm. The vote having been duly responded to, the National Anthem was sung, and this concluded the celebration of the anniversary of the 5tli of November. All appeared highly pleased with the even ing's enjoyment. 