The Measureless Deep.. I think sometimes that the silence itselft ha ' s soondless ghost, A stillness deeper than ocean, where gather the countless host Of sades that are shaade's reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom, And echoes of thoughts unfathomed which, never in orels find noom. There are thoughts which move at midnight too sleep for nvision's reach ; There are waves deep down in silence, too. strong for the grasp of speech : And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of apace ' Top fae to impressreflections or shads, on a mortal face. We know in the silent chambers the beats of a distant heart, We have seen with an inner vision the cur tains of silence part, And far in the shaded distance have read, as. on magic scroll, The words noscaod could otter, addressed to. an earnest soul. . There are things so dee; ad sacred they lee. the approach of so nad, There are ideas pure; .ad holy no natural hedgerows bound" And somewhere, we: adjusted, museen, un heard, intense, Are the truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, ansd know, While the viewless mystic eurrents sweep by" in their endless flaw, While shove the mirrored ecrystal there flutter tile ghostly wings, And a song too sweet for language its jubi-. larit antllhem brines. Thle grandest truth of the ages have entered the heart like this, The thinga we can never utter producing the -greatest Iliss ; SMysteriorus intuitionso, swilt hanles of a. shado Hw-t hiugiht, Have flooded tie sout with sweetness in miracle wonlers wrought. We know thereare sounl vibrantions, a subtle and ,lsrisoss tonulds Uniting the weirld muterinl with' a sot.ctlhing s,, far t-eysold That it reahis?s -s- in soul. waves,. too delicato far for toth. That thle brightest words ar heas.y and, burden thsem overmuch. So we learn its beautious wisdom. Its. peaceful currents fliw Too far for the reach. of evil,.btoohigh"for the. touch of woe," 1, Too deep for our wouls to. fathom, too soft: for the grasp ofosundl,. In a place whllich (Go hath gusarledo with r. silence most profounds Then welocme the mystic mesoage; the peace beyond all compare, Toasweet to be grasped or measured; found:: but by a voiceless prayover;. The sign of a higher presence, a. rapture- which may not cease Till it reach tile great Nirvana. and, blend into endless peace.. A symbol of something coming;. revealing: some time to be. The ripples of glorry lapping the shors- of an eutnless sea : The secret of life eternal, too- grand for the- bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless mesa ec to the wait- ing touls on the beach. So the soul receives its message,. by a route we may not trace, From the deeps where fathonmlcss silence. broods ever in eudless space; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod The truths which the soul receiveth direct:. from the heart of Godl. J. E?DAus .Tosos. BE NOT AFRAID. lie net afraid To give expression to a noble thoutht Because the world may sneerand cry, " Tis naught," And may upiraid. Ie not afraid To idt tie tling hllatconseienc.e tells isright ; The way is halst, but 'tis not always night; Thou'it be repaid. lie not afraid To battle, eometines, on the losing side; The victory of truth o'er wrong auadpride Is but delayed.; lie not afraid To disapprove of what the world' may prize Of senseless laws that fahlion's votaries IInave ever made.. lite not afraid To recognize the greeting ofs friend Whose paverty and poor attire offend The well-arrayed. Travellers change their guineas, no. their characters. Particulars ,f the extanrdinary duel ietwueesn t w,, female medical students on the field at Waterloo have been hard to obtain.. Tie Parties have separated. Mile. Valsavre, the French girl, who, in the dilpute that lre- desled the duel, threw her gauntlets in Mims Shelbyv's face, and who escaped withll t a.. 'scratch, hIad returned Ihastily to France. Miss Shelby. tile American lady, who receivedl a. punctured wound in the arm, is concealed, and the four larly. seconds after their irest txlrst of volubility have Iecome silent. A. I.. Jean Rtioeander, who is well known aA a seller - of enriosities picked ulp on the famous battle - " field, gives the followinlg description of tile " duel :-Ilefollowed two carriages which came in on the road by Ilouilemont in the hopee iof selling some phlotogrhls, views, and bullets. to'tlheiroccupants Tiey drove rapidly, how- ever, Iaist tile ustal objects of interest, unit finally stopped near a clump of woods. On. the party dism;oiuting lie was surprised to. see no ,ean exceo'i the drivers. I!e hurried up by a short cut through tile woods and sud denly came upon the party, two of the lwlies. fightine with swotds. " It almost took nway mysieht,"he says; "they fenced like demm's for a few minutes without eiths-r gaining adi-' canthne. Then they stopped to take breath,. each liady resting. stanlling with the point of' her swoni in the ground. They wore neither bonniets nor uipper garments. The other Isulic stitod at anls-s with, the .tw tis llterol . One of themlcal.led for uer irhldallbrchvif and' wilpid her Itnrls.i Slihe wano-r-roaT,"ter than It otllhr ll n rminte then wrils-t,e;isns-nc:.,in, nnl it is.na 'nmerc y ishey n, e kill each et hl:r. At laoo elte stsait eole ill emikhiig a vili-e Imleonver- rca hlll.,'l. ThP,,tie; silil ,lI .rel .,in a.isdo aod, ql 155 k nt a lbs-li, s I t.{,es.to,,.t hie in thleuilllsipi lichit a'-m AIn inch ls t- to, leftnlld i.' "? iniml leave Iiersesl'I her kis,?,,,. thrs-ugh:and .tlhoucgh. At tile leht iF 1h. little triekle of hloold, one of thle hmulie seresmed, and thie ,toit illy, M31'ids Selli,. faintel. A tall.gaont lwomain in spcteclcs. rveher 'sonmetlhing to-drink froma iflask, and two ,ithers bountd' up her woundsi like reab ldotemrs. The othier women. helped the girl who hal'stablled hier olpon'eint to dress. Alt slshod htids. annsi tlhen drove off. Zcameout; anl'slillted'tss them, hbut tiery only went the ftoter." Tie story tant tleqssarrelaenseover tile relative merits of French ansd American femaltelieters is all molmshline. hanndlsome prfcssrofsaur-ery, whosce clinics- oe most arrtely, nttenledli thei catuse. ' Sir John LUibbock. whol hla ruen ro muoh time saild car'ful sttention to the stuly of aint-slsld thellr wrvas, celrits them wilthl hilgh 'mcntal pwr." The lllffercice t)etweeil their isndd anssl urs,i' lie saoy', " is not one of an iabdollite nature, hut Is altogether a qlicatlon tlfe nIcrco.'', . . A man killed a. cow lasI week and fonnll: a darning Iledle embedlded in, the flesh.. Thie cow hadnt evidently accomplished thu 'the imlo sl)ilo feat of lindlng, a niodle hi A haEy-s-tack A- Queenssland' newtspalee gives an. arnccoun of a 50555 uuwsIo, tried ionhanig hIsiuselts with a ltswel an?s!ame downs wul sc asUsail Such. Mloaliodu' abuot uothllvg.-(?rls?U on, the' pr-,s-nt -islely sIre. 