OUR LONDON LETTER, (FiiOirOCE f-PECIAL COEEESFOX DENT. ) Aucnst 12. I am glad to notice that the fuller popularisation of Australian wines is no-.v making good progres3. Mr Col'yns, of thii Australian Wine Importers' Aesock ticn, teiis me that just nowa good demand is noticeable from ail quarters, and especi ally from ail holiday resorts. In mvticular, Scotland is now turning out s. large con sumer, and this unquestionably the direct result of the keener climate, which naturally contributes to an appreciation of the distinctive characteristics of thete vrines, namely, body and strength. Mr Wako Cook is now engaged on an important study of ' Elaine ' on her la^t ] melancholy voyage, and in tbis ho is doing wbat I believe has not been done before' namely, representing the incident in the rivor in which it actually occurred — tUo Tiiames. The drawing; is for Mr A. C. Garrick, of Sydney, who has done much to help Australasian art. I have had my particular attention draw n to the memorial presented by the Royal Colonial Institute to the Govern meat to urgB the establishment, on a sound basis, of etoam communication ba tween Canada and Hong Kong in connec tion with the Pacific Railway, which has cost the Dominion, by the way, jast £25,000,000. I trust that this project n*!ll Ian f..ll__ M_uu;_JI _„!. TJ. ? lit ? win uo tuny uaiueii uui.. xii will un doubtedly benefit Australasia by adding another alternate route, and it will add to the nav&l; strength of the Empire by completing the lines of British communi cation round the world. In regard to Australasian art and artists, it is of interest to note that at Mr Chevalier' studios may now be seen some charming sketches of views taken in Maderia, were he spent a part of our last terible winter. Mr Chevalier has ako on hand several paintings designed to com memorate the principal features of the late jubliee. These include the splendid thanks giviug service at Westminster, the children's fete in Hyde Park, the march past of the Volunteers at Buckingham Palace, and the laying of the foundation atone of the ImperialJIh stitute. It may also interest your readers, to know that Sir Oswald Brierly was on board the Queen's yacht, at the late naval review, and thus enjoyed every possible facility for delineating that remakable even*. Every colonist who has visited London has had occasion to feel grateful for that special metropolitan institution, the corps of commiEsionaries. I am glad to announce that Sic Edward Walters, who is about going out to ihe antipodes, designs making arrangements to establish there a cor reBpanding body ; and should he succeed, visitors to the Australasian capitals will certainly have good reason to be thankful for this new enterpriea. I am informed that Sir Saul Samael or Sir Graham Berry have in reality to a great extent Eucceeded in their late n±ia sion to Parij re the continental charges on Australasian letters. It is said that a fair reduction is now likely to be made. The ktter from the Bishop of Tas mania to the Primate, strongly support ing the scheme of the Church House, has attracted much notice here. By the way, the action of Victoria in proposing a differential duiy on cane and beet-root sugar, to the extent of 33 6d on the former and Gi on the latter, has ex cited not a little debate here, and I heard one who has suffered severely from tho fall effects of foreign, sugar bounties ox claim, 'We want in England not ths courjge of our opinions so much as that of our colonies !' There has been another grand move in the direction of State-directed colonisa tion by the Parliamentary Colonisation Committee, and a financial scheme has been started for raiting a capital fund, to bear an interest charge of 3 per cent, to be guaranteed by the Imperial Govern ment for the term of 30 years. The ' Good Old House.' — Last even ing the tastefully-dressed windows of Messrs. Roles and Jones, Brisbane-street, attracted a large number of spectators, consisting principally of ladies, who admired the numerous latest novelties in spring goods, with which they were gaily decorated. One of the spacious windows is devoted to millinery, and the many different shades of feathers and shapes in hats, which have every appearance of becoming popular during this summer, made the display strikingly pretty and attractive. The other is occupied by a variety of different shades in dress stuffs and ribbons, and a third window is filled with ribbons, handkerchiefs, etc. Alto gether the display is a very good one, and well worthy of notica. Comsiasdaht's Paeape. — The usual quarterly Commandant's inspection of the Northern Defence Force was held in the drill-ground, St. John-street, last night, when there were 207 rank and file on parade, inducing the band. The follow ing officers (exclusive of Colonels Legge and Warner) were present : — Major Martin, Captains Gould and jpairthorae, Surgeon Gutteridge, Lieutenants Young, Fairthorne, and Read, and Quartermaster Kirkland. The men were put through battalion drill by Major Martin, and manual exercise by Lieutenant Young. The Commandant after his inspection of tho ranks expressedhimself highly pleased at their appearance and with the drill. The men were dismissed about 5 30. Caction to Lakriein'S. — The Magi strates at tho Police Court yesterday in flicted a fine of £8 and costs, with a default of threa months' imprisonment, on a young man named Smith for a cowardly and outrageous assault on a young woman named Lilly Derong. Smith ccrfain claes of young men who frequent public-houses in Wellington and the hack strep's of the town, assaulting and other wise molesting women whenever an oppor tunity occurs. It is to b3 hoped this fine will bs a caution to tha rest of Smuh'a gang of rowdies. Aixtxsed Cattxe Steaiing.— At the Police Court, on Thurtday, George Horder, Jan., wiil be charged with having on the Sth inst., at Laucceston, stolen a cow, the property of Mr W. L. Sutton. Frank Horder will be brought up on the same day, on a charge of aiding and abetting the larceny. Bbnetolest SocrEiy. — The naual weekly meeting of the committee of the Banevolent Society will not be hold this afternoon on account of the day being a public holiday. The Recent Fiee in Beisbane street. — This morning at half-past 10 o'clock an enquiry into the cause of the recent fire at Miss Boston's premises, Lower Bris bane street, will be held 'at Ihe Police Court, before Mr H. T. A. Murray, Coroner. Perjury. — We understand that sum monses have been issued against the two foreigners — Adalath Khan, a Mussulman, and Issar Sing, a Sepoy— who gave evidence in the alleged larceny case heard at the Police Court on Monday last, on a charge of perjury. ' Youxg Ladies' Journal.'— We have received from tha publishers the October number of Ibis journal, which contains theueual assortment of tales and inter esting reading. PnDmivs Methodist Bakd.— A most enjoyable c.iiiocrt tri'h a vrell coracfted piogramrao of choica selections was 'hold Su t-.e Primitive Melhydist Schoolroom. Fr&3eiicl;-i.:-.-e9:, yasters.iy ei.r.ia', in aid or the bind fund, t, hich sommaaued a good attendance. Tiie pariormance con tiited of instrumental and vocal duets and songs, asd Mr Spotswcod'a amusing veairiloquial entertainment, entitled «' funny folks,' exercised the risibb faculties of his audience to the fullest f itsnt, a:;& won f jr the poifomrr rounds of hearty npplauao. Tho pianoforte E-Jestions; fcy tIics Mr-acs A. Sorrensen i, \d A. I-ii^er w.-.ra vdl rend-Tcd, £ ??''. lha ciijsing throe .'h^-ut -ho evening t-.v» siK.=t p!'-:slr!c. The old, but still era1 sccopicble rtu^t, 'A, B.C..' by Fi-\ Dazsley nirl Sir Williams, was r lively and characteristically given, arid Siiss The'.wcli most appropriately brou-^b:, ii! htr final 'No, sir,' while ' Coming thro' tho rye,'1 one of th;.- protfi.-ret 'i ;i;-! eld Scots ballads, lost noihing by its oit r(v':oiition. The following were the re maining items in tho woaraaiKie : — t-on&s; by ''asses D&zsiey;, Diwson, and Fcrrall ; '?£i.'laruey,' Iffiss Waiisa; 'The death ot Kekon,:! Mr Williams ; ' As long a3 ('10 world goaa round, Mr £I'!!?er: a song by Ml1 Hobbs ; ' The happy policeman' by Jvlisj Thslv-'ell and Mr j.- Mi lor, and ' Ths gipsy cr-untesB,' another old favo rite, cat now seldom heard, by Mr and Mrs C. liuise;-!, exemplifying that the toalo baron's ardens woc;ii;g was not in vain. A vote of thanks to tiie chairman aud performers, and the National Anthem, brought a pleasant evening to a close. St. John Ambulance Association. — A meeting of the co'mmitiee f the St. John Ambulance Association w^.3 held yester nwv. tcIiati \\\\*.(\ nnnnnnfn TSTArA naaacr^ nnrl tba secretary, Mr G. C. Gilmore, was iiisiructed to wrii.e for more books. On Friday week the first women's lecture will bo s?iven, and on Thursday, the 4th October, a lecture for men only will be delivered. Tho lecturers are Dr. Thomp son, Dr. Hallofres, Dr. Pike, aud D;. Gutteridge. The latter gentleman will deliver the first lecture. Pigeos Shootisg. — The niesting at Mowbray yesterday was a successful and pleasant one, the winner turning out in Mr A. Westcombe, who dropped 11 birds in succession. An intereatiug match was made up on tha ground between Messrs. Russeii ond Webb, io come off eariy next month. A contest is announced to take place in Melbourne oi\ Isovember 2 uader ihe allspices of the Melbourne Gun Club, *vheu prizes to the amount of £750 aud a gun vaiued at 50 sovs will be shot for. Stationers' Hall. — Messrs. Craw aad Ratclili' draw attention to their varied and extensive stock of books and stationery, fancy goods, and novelties adapted for daily use or preBonts. They have also in stock a large assortment of stereoscopes and slides, with views of celebrated localities in all parts of the globo. Suxdat Excuesion Tbaik.— On Sunday next another excursion train to Formby and return will be run, leaving the Laun ceston terminus cf the Launceston and Western Railway at 9 30 a.m,, and re turning at abont the same time ss the previous oce Should the weather prove fair, a large crowd will no doubt aval! themselves of this trip to the seaside. Northern TASirANiAN Cycling Clue. — The annual general meeting of this dub will be held to-morrow evening at M'Qoeen's Hotel, Patters:)L;-Etrfet, when intending members are in Fifced to aicond. Cycling matters have beca ratiier dor mant of late, very little riding b=iag done, however, as the season advances we trust ; his healthy sport wiil receive the atten tion it deserves. Tbaik Mems. — Amongst tha passengers who left by the 8 30 a.m. train yesterday for Holrart, was Mr H. E. Lette, M.U.A., and by ihe express to tha capital, tba Hon. H. I. Eooke, M.L.C. ; Messrs. E. H. gutter, W. Sidebottom, H. R. Dumaresq, and D. Ssolt, M's.H.A., and the Northern members of the Consolidated Marine Board. City Bake. — This deservedly popular band notify their intention of giving a series of sacred concerts in the Depot Grounds on Sundaya, and the first is announced to take place on the 25th inst Y-eenai. Equipments. — Ifes-.ra, P. pper and Perrin invita the wives ar.d daughters of our citizens to inspect their first ship ment of spring goods, which combine elegance and utility, novel designs, and baautiful combination of colors. VOLUNTEER AMBULANCE .LECTURE. — The ambulance lecture which was to have been delivered at tho Yolunteer Barracks to-night to the members of the Rifb Regi ment by Surgeon Gutteridge, has been unavoidably postponed. Delokaine. — A correspondent writes : — ' A rery pretty wedding (as the society papers would say) took place at the Church of the Holy Redeemer, Deloraine, on Monday last, between Mr James Conroy, of California Park, River 'Rubi- con, and Mrs Florence M'Donald, widow of the late Edward M'Donald, of Bonnie Boon. Ths Rev. E. F. W'aich officiated. The bride was dressed in Irish poplin, and I may just mention that the com-, b'ned ages of the happy cjupla is about 144 years.' Arrival of Edward HAKLAjf.—Tie ex-champion sculler of the rro;!d, Edward vrhich arrived at Auckland on Saturday morning. Hanlan comes to Australia with the intention of making yet another effort to regain the championship, and to avenge his defeats by William Beach. He Is to meet tho New South Welshman on the Nepean River, N.S.W., on tha 26th November, an4 the encounter wiil be looked forward to with keen interest, though the result will not by most people ba regarded in eny doubt, unless Hanlan greatly improves upon the form ho h;s recently displayed. It is stated that Haiilan purposes settling down in Aus tralia. Eeroseke Oil in Washing. — Some tiise ago we published a recipe for wash ing clothes without rubbing; simply by tha addition of a little kerosene oil. One of our lady friends has written stating her experience with kerosene. She says — ' I tried it this week, though it w;:s with sore misgivinga that I put my clothe?. into ths boik-r withouL. a rub — plenty of children's very dirty pi;:afore3, etc. It was like magio how tho dirt C3is3 oat, leaving them beautifully white I had almost 11 dczm on the lines in two hou:s without a rub.' For Ihe benefit, of others wa reproduce the paragraph as follows : — Fiil a gor.3-siz=d wa-h boiler (tay 16 gal lons) with water, edding a little over i\b oitjinaiy washing so-tp, shredded fin?j and when ihe soap is dissolved, tsvo aad a hr.Lf tablcspoo.:fa!s of tha bast karoagno. Whan the water has come to a boil, put in the finest white goods, turning them over occasionally, and taking them out in 10 minutes ; thoa plsca in clear, hot rina ? ing water, then into clean cold water, and from that imo bluing water. No rubbing is required ordinarily, and the clothes are soft and of a dazing whiteness. Should any speck of dirt remain a alight rubbing with the hands wiil remove it without tht aldition of more soap. When the finer goods are taken out of the boiler, coarse goods cm be put through the same pro cess, then uanneh (white), and then towels, after which the water is still ser viceable to wash colorad goods. Should1 the water boil I017, add more, and also Jib shredded soap and another spoonful of kerosene. This is all there is aliovtt ii, aud if these simple directions are followed the terrors of the wash-day will belong to the past, and hundreds of toil-worn women will take on a new lease of life. 'Wells' Hair Balsam.'— If grey, restores, to original color. Anelegmt dreEsinff, softens and beautifies. No oil nor grease. A Tonic Restorative. Stops hair coining out, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. (2 ?'Skixkt Men.'— Wells' Health Benewer restores health and vigor, cures dyspepsia, impotence, sexual debility. At chemists and draegist'. Felton, Grimwade, and Co., aglets, JJelbonnje. ' (2 Fatal Railway Accident at Mal VE3K, UEAR Melbourne. — On Saturday E?lor:ioons abouil o'clock, as the Oddei^h up-UY-In w.-.s slowly leaving tha Ma'vurn Elitioi, 5'r Se-aiuo: Groves, an eldei'.y gentleman residing at Malvern, attempted to cross ths line iu rear of the departing train without observing tha approach cf tho 12 '45 through traia to Warragul. He was fctruck by the engine and killed, his skull being terribly fractured. The body was convoyed to tiie Railway Hotel, Malvern, whero an ioquatt was to bj held on Itfonday. The deccucd wa? father Io Sir Fred. Groves, c.-inpositcr, in tiiis ciiice, and well known in football circles. A taiegram of the 33d event vtsg revived by Mr Groves ou Saturday, End he laft f ur horns by steamer on Monday. S:jicide of Me Joshua A. Duffkct. — On Saturday morning last (ssys the A ivyus) Mr Joshua Duffett, the son of Mr J -k Buffatt, of the firm of Messrs. Deficit aad Brown, solicitors, Melbourne, cormnit':eci suicida under very sad circum stances. Mr Duffett, v-ho is weli-known in sporting circ:e3. rtsidid at Racecourse road, CauiSo'.d. The c.ies was for a time surrounded by same mystery. Mr Duffett was not known at tha hotel, and when ha returned wiih vha filial wound in his side ha stated that he ha I slipped a--d r.cci dfrctally r-.ob Irlm^clf. Subaeqnecly en quiries led to tiiG discovery of ths gun in the uninhabited cott: ge near the Hai lsm'a-road railway station, with the trigger stiil fastened to the stretcher, and then information was obtained which made it evident that ihe case was one of deli berate suicide. The parents, who re turned to their residence at Riveredale road, Hawthorn, last evening, had not anticipated an v such act of selfdestruc tion on the part of their son. They state that about 10 yeara ago Mr Duffett rnut with an accident In the huuiiog Jield, which caused serious injury to his he&d.; He recjveiod, but eince than ho had been subject to severe neuralgia, which re curred with distressing regularity during tlis cold weather of the winter mouths. He could obtain no remedy for his ail ment. When the pain was great he ofien walked about his room at uight unable to rest, and it is supposed that his suffaringa from this causa produced the depression of mind which induced him to commit suicide, llr Duffett was 33 years of age. He was unmarried, and was well known in sporting circles, principally in connec tion with racing For seven or eight yeara he Lad trained horses st . C&ulfield;, and van them under tho assumed name of Sir J. G. Reid. His principal success was achieved two years ago with Grace Dar ling in the race for the Caulfield Cup, which she won, and the same mare subse quently was beaten by a head only for the Melbourne Cup won by Sheet Anchor. The Ghost and Gadfly, both winners of the V.A.T.C. Ladies' Trophy, wore amongst others of his winning horses. For some time past, however, Mr Duffett's racing operations have not been attended by success, and several of his horses, including Grace Darling, were recently sold by auction. Sad Occurrence at Dekiuquiv.— Mr Patrick Slaman, an old and highly re spected draper of Daniliquin, says the Argus, died here on Tuesday night under very painful circumstances. On Tuesday evening. Slaman, who was in good healsh aim cpii;iig, reutuveu ab aouui. u o C1OCK an .inotiycious letter by post conveying to him the intelligence that his eldest daughter, a girl about 20 years of age, was enceinte, and that a certain Roman Catholic priest, who had lately left Deniiiquin was her seducer and the father of tha child. The letter came like a thunderclap to Slaman, as it was the first intimation that he had received, of the un fortune affair. Ho immediately inter viewed his family, and his daughter con fessed that the statement in the letter was true. Slaman then became fearfully excited, and went out to an hotel, where he had aoma bracdy. He returned shortly afterwards with some of the spirits in a lemonade bottle, which he swallowed in ihe presence of his daughter. Tiie de ceased then wished his family gord-byj, and left his homo iu a veiy excited state. Ha then went to several hotels, where he had more liquor, and stated that hi was going on a vary lon\j journey. He afcersrarxU arrived a; ihe Terminus Hotel, whore he was refused liquor, but going behind the b*f he swallowed some brandy out of a decanter. He then became very violent and excited, and shortly afterwards he fell down ia the verandgh, where he died about an hour afterward?, his last worda being with reference io his daughter. Oa the following day an itsquest was held, when the jury returned a verdict that dt'ath was caused by sanguineous apoplexy, £C3alerated by mental excitement and alcoholic stimulants. Very little waB elicited re specting the cause of the deceased's excitement and excessive drinking on the night of his death. The anonymous letter was demanded by the jury, and, after much difficulty, produced, and alao another letter, evidently written by the deceased with reference to his daughter avid the priest. Since the enquiry the deceased's daughter has stated that the priest seduced her by means of the aiimiaiatration of drugs, and that heaftar war3s compelled her to submit to him. A day or two prior to the death of Slaman, the priest, who has siuc6 left the church, wrote to the girl, and asked her to marry him, enclosing money to pay hertravelling expenses to Melbourne. The priest lc-f c here about three months ago, when a testimonial and a purse of 150 sovereigns was presented to him, Slaman, who was a 1-adisg man in tho £.omau Catholic Church, being tiie prime mover in the testimonial, and also the principal sub scriber. The priest stated when he Lit her that it was hi3 intention to visit Ireland on a 12 months' leave of absence, but he is believed to be still in Melbourno. and ie said to be in disguise, and under an Kssumed name. The Govekkmekx 0? New Guinea.— A privain letter from .New Guinea to the TownssWe Bulletin siatos tiiat the bill for the G jvernraent of New Guinea wili shortly be submitted to the Queensland Le.aisiaturo. As soon as it ia passed a telegram wiil be sent to the Imperial Go vernment, aid they will mitnediat-.'ly iu stuct the Hon. Johu Dougks io pro claim tha B.-iiish sovereignty at such pla :ec on tho coast as he may think de sirable. He will then inform the British Government by tolegram, and [patents and commissions will then be dr'airn up and sent cut. It is said the officials will bs as follows : — Special CoaisihGinner, Sir W. RX'Greeror (of Fiji), sakry £1500 ] or- aifum ; Judicial Commissioner, Hon. John Douglts, siiary £1000 per annum ; Secretary, £500 p-r annum. It is under stood th.t Mr Husafavc has a sort of promise from the Colonial Office of ths secretaryship, but the salary mentionad is Je=a than lie 13 receiving now. Toe British G.-v-irnmssit will fiad a vessel, to cost £16,500, and contribute £3500 per annum for threa years for her mainten ance. Mr H H. Rom'.Uy's name ia not mentioned at all in connect! -n with the impending chtngeB, but it will probably be the end of the year before they take place. It is stated that the Hon John Douglas d.ies not consider it necesaavy to proc'aim.ths sovereignty at mare than two or three places. SlNGTTLAB TlESULT OF jElECmc LIGHT dto — Science -stales that a curious result of the eleolrio light has been observed in several of the pub'iic buildings in Wash ington where it is used. It seems to con stitute an immense attraction for multi tudes of minute insects, and as a cones* queues spiders have increased enormously, so th't in many cases the architectual outlines and of capitals of pillars have become obscured by the quantity of spiders' webs overlaying them. ' Rome was not bnilt in a day,' and it took years of pstiant study to bring to perfection that excellent cure known as Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture, which is unequalled in all disei£63 arieicg from' the liver. All .the Diiemiste Eel] it Benefit io Me (J. Haedixg. — The mem bers of rhe operatic profession on Fridsy evening fconderoci a faro^-eU ornplimenlsvy benefit to Mr Charles il'.rdiug, the w-;!-- kuQwn op-nis Pivgr-r, r-.t tha A^.xt.A.;; Theatre. Wallace's popular operas ' Mari tana,' was salected for presentation, and a large audience, including members of different metropolitan musical societies, assembled to witness the performsT-ei. Mr Harding assumed the chnraciar of Don Cieiar de Bazau, and received a moit cordial woIcoeiq. He was in excellent voice, and consequently secured the favor of his hearers. His rendering of the solo, 'Lot me like a soldier fall,' was especially effective, ana had to be re peated. Mi3s Gracin Pjaisted's Maritana was a meritorious psrformance, and she was heard to special advantage in tha number 'Scenes that ara brightest,' which was encored. Tke characters of Lozariiio and Don Jose were allotted to M.sb Lambrrt aad Mr Teinpleion, who, by their intimate acquaintance with tha parts, were enabled 10 invest them with much interest. The Maiquis cf Mon tcfiora frag made a broadly burlesque creation by 51? jjouvh, whiio as a C'-ntraat Mr Cris Johnson presented a King of Spun whose charse'eris'ics were pour ti-aycd in the gloomiest tints. Land Shakks. — Up to the preasr.t iime (s-iyj the Argus) al! th 3 icoral procscdings tafctn against O. and A. Kuvts, tailors, of George street, Sydney, the promoters of the Kurrajong Land Lottery Scheme, and Lewis Levy, the solicitor who prepared the certificates of title for the various so called ' lucky prizj-takers,' have proved abortive. It is now announced, however, that the Government have instituted pro ceedings against Messrs. Eurta aud Levy for breaches of the Stamp Duties Act, in connection with the preparation of the litla decd3. Tiie information agsinot Lsvy charges him with having omitted to set out ali the facts affecting the amount of the duty wl.h which one of the title deed3 was chargeable under the Stamp Duties Act, the offence appearing to con sist in having improperly specified £3 3s as the consideration for making the in strument. Several informations have also been laid against Robert and Abraham Kurts, and if the first test case against Levy proves successful the others will be proceeded with. Tho penalty for the bresch nf the Act with which Levy is charged h a fine of £50. A STOftY ABOTjr Stakiey. — A curious story abont Henry M. Stanley is told by a friend oi the explorer, a journalist oa one of the London dailies. He says that Stanley told him just before starting on hia last expedition that he expected to live to aee himeelf the most extensive land owner in the world, one of the wealthiest men of his generation. The story was that during his exploration of Africa Stanley was struck with the amazing fertility of the region and the superior and natural advantages possessed by many spots for us 3 as commercial depots, owing to their situation bn great rivers, and in tho centres of sections rich in valuable products. Firmly believing that not many years would elapse before adventurous white men would reduce these promising regions to commercial settlement, Stanley took advantage of his friendly relations with some of the powerful native chiefs to obtain by pur chase several of the most commanding sites and k-ge tracts of the richest territory, which he intends to hold by title, trusting to time to make it remunera tive. When asked if ho thosght his title would be recognised, he is reported to have declared that half the titles to land in America rested precisely upon the same foundation — grants by aboriginal chiefs to the nrst white settlers. He had taken the precaution to have white wit nesses to all his transactions, which were verified by written instruments. The consideration given was, of cour;e, com paratively trifling. Stanley said the number of sites suitable for important trading posts on tha Congo and it-i chief tributaries is limited, and he thought he had secured the best ones. The estab lishment of the Congo State had greatly enhanced the prospects or ths country, and ho expected to secure ihs coopara tion of a number of Englishmen and Americana of his acquaintance in develop ing certain districts in which he was personally most interested. He intimated that the real extent of the wealth of the region has been purposely concealed from the general public by those who were arranging to secure practical control of the country before the tide of development should fully set in. There was a field thera, he declared, for half a dczen de velopment syndicates as big as tho famous East India Company. Mr J. J. Orerell advertises price list for suits in tweeds and serges. Mr D. Shields notiBes that he has taken Mr Bishop's late premises on the Queen's Wharf, ana naving Deen renovated and freshly fur nished, the house is now opened as a temper ance hotel. A meeting. to promote a walking match will be held at the City Hotel to-night. Messrs. Anderson and Lahey draw attention to their novelties in buggies, phaetons, brakes, carts, drays, etc. The entertainment advertised at the Me chanic?' for Friday is postponed. H. Hipgins will have bis celebrated Gsnnin srasage and small goods on view at the Poultry Show. The Launceston Omnibus Company notify changes in their time table in another column. A'oiy liASunw.— Lar^e assortment cheip Wall Papers, Perambulators, Tinware, Toilet Sata, etc., etc., for sale at very lowest prices. — Fbakk Haet and Son Brisbane-street. 