MEXTOFKIN. (ALL THE IB AE BOUND.) Chapter i- „ Wanted -Next of Ka-Il ! joh Brown, j John and Patience Brown, lte of . , Mae era' Carchesttr, or bis direct hei will Py . Snaesrs and Taip, Gray's Inn, he or .hoy will iea BOM' tilog to their adv<nstire » _ Jo»iah B'own left Cm h?ster for Me n\JrhMhS 1817- and has not since cotnmaalo itwd. with ms fa This advertfesmG- t might have been read a few years ago, day after day for a consider able time, in the second column of several London papers ; but among thoee who read if there was no one who made fehs necessary application to Messrs. Snaggs aud Taip. At latt, Eicoe it seemed ae if Josiah Krown mast bave pftssed beyond the need of worldly advantages, leaving no one bshmd htm to represent his claims, 'Messrs. Snaggs and alP wrote to their cliant, Peter Brown I" obester, advising him tc withdraw the ad vertisement However, Peter Browns hopes of finding Eome trace of his lopg-los brother had been too sanguine to die>ssily, bo he instructed his lawyers that the advertisement should continue to appear from time to time, and decided that the will be had had made in favour of Joel ah or Josiab's heirs Bhculd remain for the present unaltered. 4 It's awfully queer, said the clerk who read and replied to the letter in P8i.eE s cramped, illiterate hand — it's awfully queer that an old fellow like that should bave saved nearly £10,000, and queerer still that be should have no one to leave it to.' For Peter Brown was a men who had grown old and grey-headed, then older and white-headed, and then older .Bfciil, and had covered the nakedness of his bal3 pate with a square, black cloth skull-cap, in a walk of life where men — as a rule — do not amass f)or' tunes, or at least where fortunes era called by the humbler name of savings. Some men, however, are born with the financial I instinct, though circumstances give them no I chance of becoming Chancellors of the I Exchequer or leaders on 'Change. Peter Brown was one o' these. No one— I not even himself— —ever fancied he had tallents | of any sort, He called himself a 4 eare- I ful man'— a man who took care of the i pence and let the pounds take care of them I selves.' His neighbours lo ked upon his | thrift an miserliness, and were wont to say ! that 1 he must have a lot laid by, foE he was ! Uncommon near.' i His father had done some caving before him, having bees butler and ccnnaeriMe. servant for nearly half a century in the family of a long bygone Dean of Oa'chsster, There were two brothers who should have divided this little inheritance, but Peter succeeded to it all, for Josiah, the elder son - a sad scapegrace — bad run away to the goldfields, and had never eent home tale or tidings of himself to hi3 broken-hearted parents. Peter, having come into his patrimony, might have retired and lived independently in a very modest way j but be was a constant- minded. man, and had no desire to leave that state of life m which Providenoe, by the interests of his father's master, the Dean, had tlaeed him. This state of life was the com bined effioa of clerk and verger to the CJathedrai of Garchester. What his place was worth — I mean what he received from the treasurer of the Dean and Chapter — I will not divulge. It was a mere pittance. However, when, after his father's funeral, one of the Cathedral magnates Eald to him very graciously : 1 1 suppose you will be leaving us now, Brown! to do something a little better for yourself, reter answered reaoectfully : 4 Well, sir, if the Dsan and Chapter see no reason for dismissing me, I should prefer to remain ar I am.' 'Then, no doubt,' returned the magnate, still more graciously, 'no doaht you will remain.' Which Peter did. And the years sped on, ; setting their Eeal. silently on all things ; on I the trees in the close ; on the graves in the churchyard ; on the stalwart walls of the Cathedral. The years sped and fled; they carried away bishops ; they developed deans into bishops ; they turned choir-boys into ; choir-men ; they swept choir-men out of their ! stalls ; but they didn't sweep Peter away, i They only added to the eum of bis experience I until it stood at a total "of five decades and a ' half, and they added .ae ' well to bis few hundreds in the bank, until at last he had that large sum at his disposal which so greatly astonished the clerk of Moseses. Snaggs sad Tain. How did he come by his money ? It was a question of shrewdness. Very early in his verger career he had learned to distinguish at a glance between those sightseers who meant to hsed the "bean's printed request that no gratuity might be offered to the Cathedral attendants and those who meant not to heed it. Farther, he could tell to a nicety whether an advancing squad of tourists was a half-crown, a shilling, Gr a sixpenny party ; be was wonderfully skilful in securing the former for himself and leaving the latter to bis oo-vergers, whom he called his col- leagueys.' Didn't be know, too, to a nicety, which lady or gentleman would ' tip' him for 1 a comfortable seat at service tire? This : was why you saw him handing some worshippers to their places with marked politeness, while ''other's adjusted' themselves according as the proportion of ssBuranee : allowed them. Then there were the great : days at the Cathedral, choir festivals, famous preacher, and so forth ; these yieldec him a rich harvest, especially after he had reached the patriarchal age. The old verger, it is needless to say, made a confidant of nobody ; nevertheless, there ie good ground for asserting that it was a poor day at the Cathedral which did not bring him a sovereign's worth of loose silver, and that he would hot have farmed one of the ' speoial ' occasions for less than five guineas ; while as to his Christmas boxes— the sum total would have gladdened the hearl of any struggling father of a family. And yet Pater was so old, so odd, and, above all,; bo ready to receive, that you would as soon have thought of the stone efligy on the founder's tomb amassing wealth as of the ancient verger growing rich. It was a fact, notwitho standing appearances; for the money so shrewdly gathered in had been just as shrewdly invested in infant colliery shares, | whioh had yielded cent, per oent. ; inraiiwys. »hoee Mil wemeS overlaid wlM . gbtf , ' "J mloe, which h.aoinaUew fom.a worth, and more than worth, working. oriaj Tlfiftitiv FZ' SrchnX'/witwer, & grow mora thrifty than evar tad beein puifce of tbe sad conviction which wa p_ iog upon him that his thrift would benefit no 01 Every We bis'its pathos, though one does not naturally connect pathetic jffeas wit little snare, bent figure :n a grotesque olaak Lown who carries a verger's mace » his shrivelled hand a, be heads the p.o£Be on of clergy or conducts the reader to the lectern. It was an aobing weariness in this ofd man's Hfe to feel that bis weil-bosrded money would gladden and warm n0 of his ovn ; and when fas beard eafl J£"? the Cathedra1 lectern Abraham lament that bis eei-vact should be the heir of hus substance, a thrill of sympathy shivered round his heart, and stealing upwara made his failing eyesight ajshade ® ® BGQonds. Bafi another page of the massive Cathedral Bible threw another hgbfc upon the question. One day the Dean was reading in sonorous toneB the most glorious ta.e of homeward-bound repentance to which the world has ever listened. Tna well-known words eame to Peter with a new meaning. 4 Lost and waB found,' he thought ; and be suddenly fell into such a fit of musing tuat for fully thirty seconds after the words. 4 Here endeth the seoond lesson, be forgot that the Dean was awaiting his escort back to ids stall.. . „ . , The result of that brown study waB Petes. i advertisement for another long-lost prodigal —his only brother. But day after day the post came in and brought no answer to it ; and day after day the old man's anxiety increased, till at last, when his hope of finding his relatives bad grown very taint, a new interest earn a to him, so that he gradually grew leee : evishly eger for the postman s knock, anu less bitterly disappointed when no knook came. Chapter II. One day, after morning service in the Cathedral, Peter was Bitting in bis accus- to in 30 place in the sooth aisle, waiting ior eight-seers, or for a gosBip with snyorie ao disposed— all the Cathedral dignitaries, from the newest Vicar Choral to the Dean himself, would stop and chat with Peter when his attention was arrested by a young lady who carried a paint-box and an easel, who came to settle herself to work on the long prospective of the aisle m which he sat. Peter's unerring instinct- told him at once J that this artist was not in a position io J lavish half crowns. or any other current coin of the realm, in return for small and interested acts of politeness, yet something about her cavght his fancy that he watched her with interest and curiosity. Fbe was a plainly dressed girl of two or three and twenty, cot very tell and not very shor?, but lithe and shapely. A pair of men y grey eyes and au . earnest, resolute j mouth gave a great power of expression to an : intelligent face, which she bent anxiously ; over her easel as she grappled with the intricacies of her subject. _ Peter sat contentedly watching her SB if he had nothing else in the world to do. At last she drew back to take a final inspection of her drawing, and then, with a long breath of satisfaction, opened her paint box and took out her palette, She was so intent on mixing a tender gray -for the pearly shadows which nestleu under the fretted roof and between fcbe stately pillars that she did not notice Peter (who had risen and come forward) until he said; | 4 Won't you have this chair, miss? It's | more comfortable than that stool with no I back,' I The girl looked op into the old man's face with ench a genial smile that h6r conquest of him was complete, and he thought of no other gratuity. How very kind of you !' she Baid. Certainly I shall prefer the chair, espe cially as you have been so thoughtful for sne.' It's a fine bit you've chosen,' Peter went on, as if he wished to make conversa tion. Yef, very fine,' she replied ; one of the finest bits of the whole interior.' 4 A mighty hard bit to put in a picter, I should say, though I never tried drawing it myself,' went oa the verger. The girl smiled. It ie not very easy or simple,' she said. 4 The number of lines confuse the eye.' 4 1 suppose so, said Jreter, condescendingly, 4 but you're doing it very well, as far as | you've gone, . and I hope you won't take is j amiss if I make so bold as to say = so.' j 4 Net in the least. I dare say you have seen so many sketches made here that you are quite a judge of what is good and what is not.1 4 1 can't deny that,' answered Peter, with an assumption of .modesty which implied unlimited eelfconfidenee. It's easy enough to tell a good likeness. from a bad one, and if ladies and gentlemen ooaie here to take what, you may call likenesses of the place, you've only got to look over their shoulders to see if they've hit it off. For what do you ask of a likeness bat that it shall be a likeness? That's what I say. ' 4 Yery trne,' replied the artist, 4 1 see you have thought the matter out,' 4 And so I have, miss, and eo I have. Many a time 1 could find it in tny heart to say to a lady or gentleman who aits here drawing fqr hours, 44 You won t get a p.otpre out of your paint-box because you haven t got the right notion in your head, > You'd better by far go away and get something else to do. You're wasting time and . wasting paper. You'll have nothing to sbow ior it." Dear heart! how it would go , against, my grain to come to the end of a day an have nothing to show for it but a mess of a picture that no one would look at twice.'. , 4 1 am not sure I can agree with you in all that, rejoined the lady. 4 You mustn't forget that everyone has to do a thing badly before he can do it well, and that every time one tries one is a little wiser. ' 4 Utnph !' said Peier ; 4 1 think it would be wisest of all to leave painting to them sb is gifted to do it — which is a good bit more than laying on blues and yallers, and holding a lot of things in your left hand, while you have a brush in your right. Now anyone our see with half an eye that you know how to do it properly. The way your broehSnil and ont among your bits of paints, aB« \ was alive — ih&t;'a enough for tnBi » 11 j you've only got to look how they mixn I their paints, you'll know where the likeiJi will be good and where otherwise. The girl was smiling quietly at her qn#inl companion's strictures on amateur failu and artistic ability, when he brought them ta an abropfc conclusion ; for through the south door a party of Bight-seers we? entering—a solvent, profitable-looking party, who could not be relegated to any of the 4 colleague,, » So off weut Peter at a swift trot to make sure of bis quarry, and to add another mite to the treasure for which hs bad found no inheritor, and which he could keep eo longer. The girl at the easel locked after hhn for& moment, and then returned to her work on the bands of sunshine l hut fell through the \ tali, mullioned windows, and madetremu. 1 loos lights on the eoiid pillars down the )org length of narrowing arches, while her thoughts wandered whenever they dgre quit her pa'ette and brushes, to a quiet, plainly, famished room, in a very u&hehiouBblep;&rfc; o! the city, where & de&r.; pals face was awaiting ber return to brighten up e8 a mother's face csn brighten up over the child she loves. When Peter had done bis duty by the party of sight- seers and pocketed their hardsome gratuity, he met one of thebon. oiary canons with a learned archasobght from Oxford and Eome ladir? rrbo wore blue speetse'es. Peter was straightway in. j trodnoed by tfee canon to bis friends ae au J antiquity that deserv ;d impection. A long | conversation, in wbiob the old man's renduis- Icences were almost uninterrupted by his j listeners, came to a roost satisfactory con- 1 elusion, and hs tbn returned to the south j aisle, in hopes siiat the pleefant young lady j I woald stiil be there. But she and her easel | J were gone, and the Cathedral clock pre- , IseiiEly striking one, he trotted off to eat bis I frugal dinner in thi lonely, fuoomy little house, on the nortn Bide oi ineJUaoyeUhapsl inclogure. The next morning, about the same time as hi had seen her first, Peter's new ae- quaintancs re-appeared wish her easel in the Cathedral. Peter was very scop aware of I her presence, and leaving alike Lib moornlnl I muring over that much looked -for letter j which never came and his eager expectation I of paying clients, he came at ones to station j himself beside the buEy p&imer.; 4 1 juppo«e you nave oorne 10 oarcaener to make a few p'otnres V be said timidly, when she bad pleasantly returned his 4 good- morning-' If he had fels less curious abnnt her, be would n" ve asked this and a dozen other j question1?: more or less impertinent, with I nerfeofe equanimity. 4 Oh, not; answered the girl franklv. 4 1 I am not a bird cf passage. I came to live In I Oarchceter a few wefka ago.' I 4 Ah !' returned Peter, 4 I thought yon ! were quite a stranger. I never noticed you j before yesterday, and I know every face that I comes here anything like regular.' 4 No doubt you do. You have- ken verger here for a very long time, have yoa not? she said, seeing that he was bent on another 4 Well,' replied Peter with the air of & m in I who recognises in himself an ancient aro venerable landmark, 4 I've been verger ud lay eleik to this Cathedral ever since the I days of Dean Ridley, and if you look a bu brass tablet yonder in the transept you 11 fee be died fifcy-two years ago come next January.' 3 I 4 Indeed !' sai l the artist, duly impressed. ' That is a long time.' »«-, 4 It is a loua time from your point ot view, missy,' said Petert that is, with it all heloie you; but from my point of visw it lstat just something to think over in a lonely evening, when things that scarce anyoofl I myself can remember come back plainer and I nearer and clearer than ? the tbingB which I i happened but a W66k ago.' _ .. I The girl looked up at him in »l«ncS ' 1 j spoke plaintively, as if the thought Ql 1 lonely retrospections oppressed bitn. du i day,' so her thoughts Ebaped tkemseivM, I eh all look back along my ovm liie. J I futare will be all over, and r!Je"e I nothing but remembrance How I I and how impossible to realise - Be I could think of a n . answer to tha old ma I | half depressed appeal to her eympsiay I had changed bis key. „HtnniiBd I 4 Wby,' be continued, I R- bop I every parson that came here fo I Winter's enibronement ; bal every J girCJ I enoy in this oity has changed hsndi ib theu. I can remember further tha I back to the thanksgiving wb0 I Waterloo ; and I'm the only Therfi I was there lhat day. It was a grand y I hasn't been such a day rtWnLvs.' I couldn't manage things like that 1 .Yyea/rephedhiahatencr; 7-J I sseu a great many changes and as I thiugB Afid people in your time. I 4 1 should think 1 4 Why, I sometimes thmkth»t ficg | folks 1 have shown round tins sac I were to oorne in all oe0 ,® . cr0ffdB 1 would be crowded and there d ; that couldn't get in. Bat I m « I now— old and ehaky- I© \ f a fire. I ou a bough, or the last me I Them's only a. little lime mor I ; in the Cathedral. ' npd 1 Onoa more the girl's eye 6 g wooli I fcha-oldjiuan "with a sympathy sg in I have been diffioult for her . voab8tf% I | words ; but he teadit, and it re ac ' QCea : 1 j for wilh a slow head phake be m prettyi I Hod bless you ! God bless y I .tind.faoe.' . . . -„P9 bet I Ear ft abort time there wae 8- gsy I j this odd pair. The artist broke StlyoHhaw a tow minutes I Weald you mind going and Btau I that second pillar 1 1 should very . h#ve topukyou Into.puy sketch I 1 j asked you yesterday morDiog, fl away too soon.' ssd M Peter had more thm li 1 eketchsrs, which he called ha hanfcoSi i 1 I cess done. He bad always bee I retnanerated for lus servicel as a jDm | had looked on his retaanera ® | well earned ; but on this occss > m j young lady told him that ebe h M unriopity respecting hie fair an known still nalakeJ, was hie duties about the "fistries at serric8 since, he heard One of the linor canons say to Rowdey, the big bass : I say, Bowdey, do you know that girl ho was painting in the Cathedral to -day !' « Oh, y«?8»' replied Bowdey, who knew ail! about everybody's business in Care heater. «Her name is Lake ; she g'.ves lessobs in DBititing 5 ebe has a brother in the Post" cffiee here ; and her mother, who is a widow, keeps boose for them ' Tbe minor canon, who was very aris tocratic, said : Ah. indeed,' and dismissed tbe e abject as having plebeian connections flhich counterbalanced its attraction-. ; bot peter was very much gratified by the ornmb 0 information which had fallen to Mm yhat evecieg, for the first time since the appearance of his advertisement three ; months before, he forgot to ask whether the postman had passed the door before he vent home to tea. Chaptkk III. Murie! Lake End Utr brother were standing toeetber by the easel which held Muriel's nat-completed painting of the Cathfedral aisle Muriel's face was flushed with honest pride ; w wsb her brother's. Yon are a brick, Mattel, was the post- office cl-ik's commendation of his Bitter's euccefs. 'Your sketch is a real gem. Ho wonder you have told it already. "What a pity it is th&t; nature didn't fit me op with tbe same sort of brains she has bestowed on you!' Pray don't deplore that, my dear Tom, replied Muriel, or I shall think you ate fishing for compliments. I feel inclined to lament that my earnings are so uncertain and casual, and that my contributions to housekeeping are ao spasmodic and unsatis- fAi'torv. while years are as safe as the Bank of England ; and I am so provoked when I calculate my gains to see that there is no prospect of onr sending mother out of this cold, damp place for the winter. In a favour able climate she might pick up her strength. I don't believe she evcr will here.' That's a dismal view of the matter, Muriel,' eaid Tom, slowly ; but I'm afraid is true. Do yen know,' he eontinued, I have more than half a mind to get Hedley's 0)inion.' fltdley,' repeated Muriel ; is that your nsw doctor friend?' I'e ; that fellow I told yon was lecturing at the institute. He's a sound, good fellow, sni if I culd pin my faith cn any doctor I could on him.' « Why ? Has he been doing anything very marvellous in ttie way of cures?' Nothing miraculous that I have heard of. I believe he is looked up to by his profes sion ; but it is the manner of the man that carries me sway, He'd each a trustworthy sou!.1 Well, if you have so maoh confidence in him, and as we are so uneasy about mother's health, let us get bis advice. Only, Tom, we ehall never persuade her into the ex travegance of seeing a doctor .when she ie cot fit ring from any specific illness.' I know that,' replied Tom; 'but don't you sec that's jest where it all oomes in. I Ehall aEk Hed ley here as my friend, for I want you and bim to know one another ; and 1 Ehall prime him to make a professional gee of his visit, by which means, perhaps, we Ehall £d3 ourselves curing the mother with out havirg bad any Brgament with her over the thin edge of tbe wedge.' 'And do you know anything about this Mr. Hedley, Tom — who he is and where he cimeB from ?' 'Oa, do listen to her 1' exclaimed Tom. ' Ib Ehe going over in a body to Mrs, . I Grundy, that she mast ask for a man's credential before Ehe makes op her mind to be introduced to him? Why, Matiel, sac- CfcEs hag infilled yon T 'Net in the least, Tom,' replied Muriel, composedly. I am merely cations to bear ; about youi friend, if you knew anything of his antecedents.' ' Oh, jee ; I know lote about him. He is perfectly unreserved in manner. He was born in Australia, and came to England to be educated as a doctor. I don't think' he has any idea of going back to colonial life, for he uss no ties oat there. Hie grandfather or his prandmother, or one of his progenitors was a oatchester person.' 'Is that the reason he has come to settle cere?' ! I skou'd net think so. At least I am quite gure it is not ; for he has told me that tie is, as far as ha iinows, tbe last enrvivor oi tiafamiiy ; which ought to work on your ee hags bo that you will make him warmly welcome. 1 in ir J shall do that, especially if his I medical Ekill inspires me with a faith in him I plnVyours" Jn<3» fadeed/ added Muriel, I h u aiore F6"ously,' Ihope you will have I th e E00' or when I see mother getting I o:Iuer aC( eVary day my heart sinks I ff SLt 'ee very dreary.' I t» a Wae bcw Hedley came to be in I hi J-ake household ; and though I u® Vi6TIls t!iere oid not magically restore to I sntl- u er exhaU8ted strength, which I enniJ118- reinedie8 far beyond her means I diff gIve back, these visits made a great Afaence to the family life. I fiMu' 8 ycucg naan, who (it must be can- I tnrt 1 v.Dec kadthe smallest possible inoome I unai/i1032 ?r the future except in his own I Bft .eti exertions ; this unknown doctor of' I LitpS.m madly in love with Mtiriel I and «' rcPeeel to her as soon as he dared, I be ai 48 accePted. The engagement was to I its f.-0lig 0De— indefinitely long ; but for ull I iookp?L8 -of ancst,,k'n delay, Muriel Lake I her n lhan ever as she worked at , I 8anjk-a,ntlD? 'D th® 'are gleams of wintry I her f1Qe' tn( lha shadows that came over. I mcJ08 Were i3rngbt there not by the re- I ins Baff 5lhet. hoPfc8> hut by the ever-press- I both 0 fin<Jing funds to send her fragile I wfoj r nt f the reach of the wild north east I Jannl. i BWePf the downs in the cruel I "8JQa»y I a ciH i H-edley was a man of whose love I irta? 5 i«tly be proud. He was large- I toonoht . .8fineroos, a man of earnest I gh ideas and Indomitable ttiaoi.BBd witbslof ageuial simplicity w. P and-rntensity ro H his moral quabiies.1 It was this: sympathy of candour &h;& of migle-beartedness that had ffi.. i®. to Muriel, -and the timiiariiy ?i Vlr i lcPR 5hd hopes .riveted tbe bonds #1. - Brn If tbiv story were a record o their loye-niaking, it would have plenteous material to work upon. mr P 8' young doctor's psvs'oa for MoriBl most yield the place to tbe old verger's aumirdtiori for her, which had steadily grown from the day on which he bad first looked over her shoulder arid passed judgment on .her skill. Muriel had followed up her successful sketch by a series of views cf tbe Cathedral interior, ana, while she worked, Peter had not. neglected his opportunity of cultivating her kcqaaintance, and, as time went on, ef confiding to her—what he had told to no one beside— his loneliness and weariness, and hte unsuccessful search of Borne one to fid the void o his life. At last he began to entertain an idea which, so to speak, took all the wind out of the sails of these hypothetical relatives, and he allowed himself oh the strength of it to facB thB conviction that no kith or kin remained to him. The idea had burst sud denly upon hi in one Sunday afternoon, when the Cathedral was crowded to listen to a j sermon preached by the famous Dean Long- wynd cf Birmingham. The eloquence of the Dean had attracted Miss Lake among many others, and ehe had been installed by her de voted admirer in a much more advantageous seat than that which he had seen fit to allot to Mrs. Monypennyfor the modest fee of half a sovereign, Muriel sat near the pulpit, and when Peter— after he had, mace in hand, conducted the preacher up the choir — sat down on his accustomed perch below the pulpit, bis eye conld rest fondly on the rounded cheek and bright eyes of his protdg&, whiie one withered hand held bis mace and the other crept Involuntarily toward his waistcoat pocket, where Mrs. Monypenny's iialf sovereign reposed in very good company. He felt sure that that sweet- faced girl was not rich ; he was quite connoisseur enough of ladies' dress to know that hers was remarkably inexpensive, and always the same ; by other signs and tokens, too, he had read the secret of Muriel's excheouer. FT a DAB tint tip I acknowledged to himself, a liberal man, yet_ he was moved by a strong deeire to give her anything she might need. He might even— but the sup- pcamon was too wild. He scarcely dared formulate it in his mind, Coidd, he give op his lone-cherished dream of ktb and kin, and alter his wilt ? tie quUe trembled with j excitement. Toe Dean's stream ct eloquence flowed on over his head, but iha load, stern tones did not arrest his attention, nor did the low pathetic tones move him. He seemed to be passing into a kind of I hazy dream, as he stood watching the slender figure and well-poised head in the dark oali seat before him. Then her face, and all the faces, tbe seats, the pillars and screens, and the floor seemed to melt and mingle into a mist which closed around him and oppressed him. A noise; as of loud surging seas, swelled up behind him, covering the voice of the preacher as the mist had veiled his sight. He tried to cry ant, bat he coald only gasp— to stir, bat his limbs were as heavy as lead. Then, just as the Dean's voice was modulated to its lowest andible tones, and while two thousand pairs of ears were straining to catch his Bolemn utterances, there was a loud clatter and a feeble cry as from Peter's -helpless hand his heavy mace fell crashing to the floor, startling the cpngregatios, and rousing the old man from his Bemi-unoonsaionsness to a state of dizzy confusion and bewilderment. Before he had recovered himself someone had stepped forward, handed him his fallen insignia of office, and, Lying a cool, firm hand on his, had said softly : 'Don't be frightened, you had fallen asleep.' By that time be was sufficiently collected to see Miss Lake, with a very pretsy blush on her face and neck, resume her seat. To the disturbed congregation the inci dent was just as trivial as it was annoying, but to Peter it seemed as if it was the determining sequel to his previous sudden thought ; and hom that day he looked upon Muriel as the heiress to his property, and as the substitute who represented all his absent and lost ones. A few days after this inoident Muriel missed his accustomed, visits to her easel, and when nearly a week had passed without . his reappearance; «be inquired for him among the black-gowned brotherhood whom he called his colleagoeye,' and she heard that the poor old verger was ill, or at least seriously ailing. Kind-hesried Muriel at once asked her way to his house, and, following the narrow alleys behind the Cathedral, knook d at hie door, and walked in upon his dreary solitude. He was crouching over the fire in the twilight,1 which was gathering earlier and more quiokly in his cheerless zoom than outside. He scarcely turned his head as she entered, but when he heard the sound of her voice he started eagerly, _ and, making an ineffectual effort to rise, eried ; 'Dearheart, dear heart! to think of the pretty creetur coming to see s poor old worn out fellow like me, and me thinking it was only her as waits upon me opening the door. Take a chair, missy, do ; I'm that quakin1 and aokin' that I can't get up to hand it to you. Bless you 1' he ejaoulated fervently ; bfefcs your pretty face r « I m sorry you are so poorly,' said Muriel, kindly; I heard about it from the other Vergwej and so, as l know you live alone, I thonght I'd cdmB and see it you are in need of anything.' < Dear, dear heart ! To think- o' that 1' said PeW again. ' No, raisBy; thankee . kindly. I wants tor nothing but a new head; new body, end hew limbs, which I'm not likely to get and be obookled at hie grim joke . -As to beln' all alone, it's lonesome like, but it's best f or me ; for they're snch a raxoaliy lot about here, I'm never easy as long as there's anyone pokin' about the . "jphinises.' 'T' v' ' n Surely you don'6 whit upon yourself?'; asked Muriel. Not altogether, missy,' he replied, shaking his head slowly. Not so maoh as I should like to. You see, I'm bid and helpless, and. I must have someone in to help me ; but I una rwblid 4uii cheitnuie ; i- .;tT,qi gorry to-e ;|darie!, | sympathetically, though she fell a strcrg inelination to smile. 'Since my poor vi&'g death, eleven yeirs ago,' continatd Peter, 'I'vp h-vd bet a poor time of it with 'em I don't haciv v-'afch is the least -to e trusted, tbe women or the gals. When I've got a w-raan to clean up for me, I fancy the women are tbe wor=-t, for they're so grasping and so inq-iiaitivs, and fco domineering ; ape when I get a gal, I fancy they're the worst, for they're so flighty and so gossipy and so idle. They'ie baggages, all on 'em ; that's what I call .'em, baggages 1 But they'll have to be very sly, indeed/ if they mean to obeac ms,' And whal does the doctor say of your illness?' asked Mariel, when the old man had finished hie tirade. The docar says nothing about my com plaint,' replied Peter, with an important air. Indeed !' pursued Muriel. 'Doesn't be say when you may expect to be about again ?' No,' replied Peter, with his slow head- shake. He has said nothing, because he ha'n't been asked to give his opinion, you see. I don't wan: no doctors pottering abent me, and running me up long bills for their physic and stuff. I'm suffering from" some thing as no doctor's drugs can cure. They can out off broken legs and useless arms, and give folks artificial ones instead ; bat they can't out tweoty or thirty years off a man's age, and give him a new constitution to work upon ; so I sha'n'i trouble the doctors with my case.' Still, a doctor might do some good,' said Muriel, hopefully. Her trust in doctors, or, rather, in the doctor, had greatly grown and increased of late. I don't think it, missy, replied Peter, obstinately. « I don't think it. It would be more the other way with me and the doctor when we made op our accounts.' Well,' said Muriel, a faint blush, flickering into her oheeks, I wish yon would let me ask a doctor, who is a good, kind friend of mine, to come and see you. Just let me have my own way about it,' she went on ooaxingly. ' I don't like you to be ill all alone, without proper care ; and if you can't afford to pay him, I'll make it all right.' The old man stretched out his hand toward ber, with his favourite exclamation, ' Dear heart ! dear heart ! to think of that !' Then I may tell the doctor to come to see you ?' eaid Muriel, rising to go. ' Yes, you may tell him if you like,' eaid Peter. I caa't say ycu nay ; and as to payin' Mm, you're wonderful kind' (liberality wae indeed a virtue in his eyes), ' but I can afford to pay him myself. I can afford ic as well as any one ; but I look on it as so much money thrown away. Any how, you'll come and see me again ? Your visits will do me a sight more good than any doctor's. ' Accordingly, John Hsdley want, at Murisl's bidding, to prescribe for Mr. Peter Brown. He found that worthy somewhat grim and impenetrable, half willing to reoeive bim, as having come with an excellent introduction, half suspicions of him as a medical cormo rant who only sought a pretext for sending in a long bill of extortionate charges. How ever, John's honest, unpretending manner so far gained Peter's confidence that he con sented to have a bottle of « stuff,' and to allow the Doctor to call again. The 1 stuff1 didn't do him much good ; indeed, how should it ? For he had well described his malady when be had told Muriel, in homely language, that he was confectus annis. Nevertheless, as it was very dull work sitting by the fire wi»h no one to speak to, the Doctor's visits were a cheery break in the day's monotony — particularly welcome, because the Dcctor was so ready to listen to the praises of Muriel Lake's beauty and perfection. In thsse long, solitary musings beside his firs, a iid in his sleepless nights, the old man had thought a great deal about the will he wished to make in Muriel's favour. Bis visionary kinsfolk were now banished from hie mind, or only remembered with a hope that none of them would appear to bauik his latest intention ; and he resolutely sop- pressed any occasional twioge of remorse that whispered to him of a possible injustice in gratifying this new impulse. Meanwhile days passed on ; he was always too ill and weak to take the necsssary steps unaided and as be was invincibly determined that no Carohester lawyer should know any of his seorets before death made them public pro perty, be fell on the expedient of asking John Hedley 'a help, under strict seal of secrecy. Sq it oame about that one evening John, little dreaming he was elected to such an honour, walked down lo the Cathedral pre cincts, For some reason or other he was feeling low-spirited, and his mind gave a gloomy shade to whatever bis thoughts turned upon. Patient and persevering as he was, he eohld not always have hopeful ness at his beek and call. The net toial of Mb external circumstances was not a very cheering sum. Want of means, of social position,, of family, advantages, cramped him on all sides, to which trouble came an 'additional load in the knowledge that Muriel must work so hard and so ineffectually to supply her mother's needs. It was not always easy to. him to .consider his prospects with equanimity, and to realise how long wae the vista which lay between him and the day he should call his love his wife. This being hi a state of mind, be was hot in the choice st mood to reoeive a confidence 1 but that evening Peter, feeling his faculties to be unusually bright and dear— -brighter clearer than they had been for weeks— fe? Solved to broach the momentous subject. ' Doctor, be began, leaning forward and keenly scanning the honest face beside him, I'm a very old man, and I'm not long for this world. That's quite true, ain't It ?' John Hedley, from mere habit, tried to give a comforting rejoinder, 9 1 You're old, certainly,' he said ; « there's jio (Laying that ; but ' ' Oji, it am t no use to say " but," ' inter rupted Peter, brusquely. 'I osa fcej jn. nardly what's com in' on me. I don't want any man's bats and tnaybes. I haven't much time before me, and I've got a lot to settle before I go, wnich, if it ain't thought about and settled soon, it won't be in my power to have it as I wish;' and the old Manhook Ms liead quite vindictively at \- Jobh;HedIey.-:ashu'cpokir-:---r- : Very true,' rtpUedJohnhusreprimauded, 'only I should net have -put it so harshly- myself. ' ' A'od now,', continued Peter, his manner fcsc.:on7g a shade more- coscili&tory;, 'I've found you a very obligin' young man, ant pretty we I for straightforwardness.' Thank you,' said the other gravely. . And ao I'm going to ask you to do a bit of very private writin' for me, for I'm that shaky I oan't hold my pen no how, though I've tried several times so as to be inde-. pendent.' ' I'll write for you with pleasure,' said Job a cordially. « Is it to ask some of your reL lives to come and look after you cow you are ill V 4 No,' replied Peter shortly, not wishing to revert to the subject of relatives, ' I've got no ons beiongin' to use in the world. I want written to my lawyer about my John Hedley was rather astonished at this high- sounding announcement from an old man whom ha had looked on as very nearly a pauptr ; but be repressed his surprise, and merely asked where he should find a pen, ' His quiet acceptance of the object oi tbe letter was rather mortifying to Peter, who bad intended to producs quite an effect on the young man whom he bad chosen for hie confidant. He had many times rehearsed the scene, and the Doctor's amazement - had always been a very important feature in it. It was rather a blow to his self-importance that John Hedley merely asked for a pen and ink. You knew I had a fait of property to will and devise at ray decease, eh?' he said, sharply eyeing his companion. No,' replied John innocently. ' If I fancied anything, it was that you were almost destitute.' ' 9 Umph ! said the old man with a knowing nod, ' perhaps I'm better off than some folks as make a deal of show with their carriages and servants.' 9 Very likely,' said John, who was dne at the little house in Bristol terrace when be left the sick verger ; ' and now what shall I say in the letter ?' Scop a bit,' replied Peter, who, having opened his lips, did not mean to elose them upun half confidences. 1 want to say a mort o' tbinge before we come to the letter— that is, if you have the time jo listen,' I can 8 ,os re half ao hoot,' said John, gencrouely. Tais wa- magnammoas, if you reckon the self- denial implied, reier lcckid rotma ceuuooeIj before he bean his confidences, as if he were afraid cf chanos Jgfcensrs ; and tvhen he spoke it was in so low a tone that John was obliged to draw up closer in order to catch all he Baid. I've been a savin' man all my life,' began the verger, and a careful man, as my father was before me, He left me a few hundreds, ana I've gone on adding to it ever since. I'm worth a good bit now. How mnch should you think ?' I haven't a notion,' replied the other, wnose particular aversion was avarice in any form. Give a guess,' said Peter, with his scrutinising eyes fixed on John Hedley's. 4 1 really couldn't,' was the reply. Tim old man saw that there was no curiosity in the face he wae soanning. He was determined to bring surprise into it. Wnat would you say to £9,600 odd well invested, and £70 a year in house rents ?' he asked, triumphantly, 1 It's a good sum,' answered John Hedley. But his face looked colder still. At the moment he felt nothing but repulsion at this revelation of miserliness, and the grim con trast it offered to his own needs. 4 Yes, it is a tidy sum,' said Peter, not a little disappointed by this reception of his confidence, a very tidy sum, and I'm going £0 settle what shall become of it when I'm dead and gone. I'm a lone old man, doctor, you see. My children died long ago, and my old wife followed them, and I've no one I care for oi my own blood. I used to think that my children and grandchildren should benefit by my carelnl ways ; but, dear heart, dear heart, who can tell how we shall be taken and how we shall be left V John Hedley's face was softening. I had & brother once,' pursued tbe old man, when be had paused to t&kc; breath ; 4 he was a good bit older than me, and very rackety, very rackety. At last he ran away to Australia, and sent no word of himself nsvsr a word ; at least, we never got a word, so I had ail my father's savings. He broke my mother's heart ; she was a weakly oreatnre, and she broke her- heart after him.' Then he stopped. He seemed to lose him self for a while, until John Hebley recalled him by saying : And have you never heard anything 0f your lost brother V 4 No,' replied Peter, recollecting himself, Ive done what I could to traoe him. I thought perhaps there might be someone beiongin' to him who might be the better for all I have saved, but nothing came of all the lootan', and the lawyers, and the rest of it.' . PhcpSi suggested John, 1 your brother died and left no family.1 4 That's what I think,' returned Peter, He must ha' died, and so it's no use to look any longer. I did once think I'd leave the money to charities, but lately I've changed my mind— I've changed my mind.' he repeated; and I'll tell yon what I mean; f: ?,n;d. tb6f, y ca? lo yon lawyer and tell bim all about it. He must have a new will made, and send a clerk, down here tor me to sign it, and-yon can witness it.' _ v ery Well,' said John, hoping that his iw1!?1 w£a nfarly over \ril dp all that, Well, then, said Peter, trembling vrith excitement, "I'm going to leave all as belongs to me— ail, to that young lady I have spoken of so often to you and he added slyly as 5! twJ¥e 8Lurpri6e 4 Perhaps you may be the better for that soma day, if my old eyes don t deceive me. Have you thought theroatter well ever V ajked John. YjU should do" such ft thing without due consideration. 4 Oh, I ve conrideied hnd considered til! my miud's more than made up. I shall ba wronging no one. If that advertisement Was to be answered, I should . have had the answer by now. It was worded very , plain. Depend upon it, there was no one to answer to it, Niy, I'll show it to yph, ha con- . ; - : > IV s . tinned, 'and you shall judge for ybhrself . whetber it wMhHm " Bo Baying he drew trom -ths ehelf Ttefide - ' him an old co:y of the 4 Standard,' and'i&ifi; : ? hie finger on the lines addressed to Josiah Brown or his direct heirs. John took the paper absently. He was bewildered by the strangeness of the old man's confidence. The notion: of Muriel being heiress to : £10,000 sent a convulsion through the order of things which had befoic seemed established around him. Hfs point of view had to adjust itself to a new horizon, whioh contained a great many hitherto strange and now an welcome possibilities. Mariel a rich woman 1 His pride bristled with the bare notion that he might be - tempted to be glad for his own rake, and bis love Biokcned with an inconsistent and insane dread of a possible gulf wider: than poverty that mfght epen between them. . There is Is,' repeated Peter ; 'cant vou > see it V He read the words with Peter's sharp eyes upon him. He read them meohaniooliy more - ; than once bridre be understood thipr sense, : and then more than once again,- with a changed and quickened expression that did not escape his companion. Finally he laid the papr dewn, and passed his hand over his eyes as if to clear his sight, , Well, queried Peter, 4 uV plain enough for anything, isn't it f Quite,' r .piiei the Doctor laconically. >1 Then he dipped his pen in the inl and v. looked at Peter for instructions, The old man did not speak. ' I'm waiting to write the letter to your lawyers,' he said, and his voice had - a > curious, corstraiued sound, as if he tpoke - : < with effort. But still the ether kept. silence with his ferrit like eyes fixed on hi coou pan ion's face. Young man, he said ai last suddenly, with solemnity, you know something of Josiah Brown ; your face looks as if you had seen a ghost. . v , . ; I !' exclaimed John, the Mood rushing back to his face; ' what makes you think that?' Well, do you, or do you- not ?'< asked Peter, in a (one of a man who- means to have an answer. I ought to know if there is any. thing to be told. It'll mike leas eontosion afterward. Ton ain't got no right tosEexne ieavin' all I'm worth -to that young lady . pretty as she is and good as she is, if my ; cwn fie and blood stands in meel and all Peter's sense of family ties revived within 1 him. It wouldn't be no ways fair.. t- : j Juhn paused ; he was v-aigfaing Muriel's - needs agaicst other neeJc and desires. :T-. don't think.' at last he raiS, yoa'llhave sny f answer whetever to this advertisement: .: " > But how can you tell that ?' askcd Peter still more persistently, ' unless yon! know &U; about my kin, which you've mo right to keep to yourself, ' - This wae quite right. John Hedley felt .v . he was not justified in/ concealing what- his - : honest face h%d an wittingly let the old maw /b suspect, but-all he answered was : I aasuxa you, on my word of booonr, that you'll wrong no one I kaow anything of if you leave every penny you have to MissLake;' - / ' Doctor,' said Pater, with great irrita- : . tion, (I thought I was judge enough of . faces to mate no -mistaJi68,bont honest man, , but it seems I have not. addedycu ;np right. I ain't goin' to rest ontQ.I kaow' - c what you're hidin from me, and yon shan't persuade me to leave what ought io go else where to your sweetheart. That's plain speakin', end you can understand it. - : hp. John Hedley's face grew first rad and then ' - very pale ; he was too simple and single- hearted tu have seen that readicg oLhia » - oonfneion. .. 4 You should be careful, my good friend, - , how you insult a man with.saoh wordsoaa - . those,' he said, rising. I wiH wish yoa :: good evening. Settle your affaira withmic my help, since you mistrust' me ; ; hut certain that if honesty had . required ma to tell you anything whatever, I should not v have concealed it for aninsisnt, least of all .il: that my future wife might benefit by yoar hoarded money.' He spoke angrily, with his hand oa the : latch ; yet, as he glanced back at the infirm : i; figure on tbe hearth, he felt a thrill of opity;: t which is nearest to love, for the SuspiotoQr- « old miser, " whom the lastfew miniriesihad : invested with a new tmportanoe iu his eyes: j>>; i Doctor, Doctor/ cried ths quaveringrvoace ; - - after him, are yoa going to deny an old smnr the last chance he has of fog«gfty»ng pHh - - his own flesh and went on irnperiously. coDtte aad lock in <,/ the faoe &nd; make no myst&rieefor; ttewgti . ' I don't know your name, norwhere yoQ come- from, nor anything else about you.it is borm £. / iu upon me that you are ahe one I havaheew - looking fetr and had given up. Toil rpe tha - , plain tooth.' -- VU' Thus adjured John Hedley aud once racre eat down hesids toe old maug> .. There are no meana.'he «aid quieUyvfof proving satisfactorily a ralatiopriiip wkteh, » « the last few minutes have euggested to me v, - may exist between us— nothing hot my pwf) J" supposition: Had there been, I should not have telt justified in txmg to (itop yqaia " the dark. However, tc you Insist on ltnow. ; ; will tell you . toe littlq ttoOT |s Iy:" mother's fethec was w wktif? of,Grphcater i .1/ :T < his name was Josiah Brown. He hndliveo a wild, roviog life io' AtLSttalia In his early ' roanhocd, but married #id settled ddwh tu later iife. My mS, wkiy 1 bb11fl,,a hfe' ' ' ' named Patitnoe. after his own mblh she ; afeo fsaW ' coincidence, or it may be that ac wally my gratrffathCT'shtotber,' Ao E&ktevinl; it would he but of my ftedep'Wfihrprikffto Pray forgive me if my impatience just now pained yob, qr if I faave raltod oxptiti|afl<toaH bymyhiuarded hterpilw/ -1 , ; Dear heart, dear heart I flatoei Petar hltorhkk JhVJ>Wbct4:; W Wi £ C Dd! 21 : tir \- lohn, with fcrcisd eaktoato ; baf thai'la-B1 - qng way frism being nutte nltor. - I l814- 1 Htfttil'" think they wfauld give cteibto to story,1 ' M ; - . -v.-. Ptote ita bhtitfcmii toanriw t his trembling "lian&i; aoroBB la swimming eyes, and slowly moved bis bead from side to side. ,'7! - J -Y; f . . Dear heart 1- dear liG&rt; l was all be oonld Bay. I'll just get to bed and think it over. Gome and tell me about it again to-morrow. Gome, and we'll, talk it ,oyervPe.i: heart, dear heart ! to think o' this ! Good-night to yon. Good-night, boy.' After this John Hedley went to Bristol terraoe with a very strong impression that he was asleep and dreaming, and that pre sently be should wake and fiod hiinself by the fire in his, e»8y chair,' with "his book slipping out of A his hancte on to the floor. __ Past midnight, when he was preparing, after a long reverie, .to go to bed, he wsb summoned by the night-bell. , It'ft-nld ; =, Master Brown, down by the Cktheral,hBl8 took miioh worsa said the woman who stood at the r door. 'It's my belief he's goin' Iaei, andth&t; now't can do him any good ; but he keepsn oallin' for the Doctor'; bo Vlpifake ju& hCtWmditber the Old man in bis dekthYtraggle. 'Otherwise it ain't no good your eoming.' John harried Cat 'at once, and ontstripping the messenger, stood in a few minutes by the dying bed of the old man. Is he come?' gasped Peter, as ha hear the sound of footsteps. ' Yes, I am here,' answered John, bending over the pallid faee and fast fading eyes, and. taking in hie Arm clasp the handtbe old man tried to hold out to him. The woman thought the Doctor was feeding his pulse. ' There ain't much, life la't in him,' she said, in the loud, distintit whisper which women of her class always employ in a siok- room. , , _ . Send her away,' murmured the dying man, and when this was done he made one last effort to collect his thoughts and to utter them, You mast have the money, tny lad,' he said, drawing John's hand down to his panting bosom. I'm sure you are the right one. Your face has been looking at me all night, and I can see J osiah's face in it. It's honest in-mey, and you needn't despise it. I wanted . to benefit that sweet laBsie, but I oan't rob my own kin. Suaggs and Taip have thy will. You'll go to them, won't you?' Yes, yes,' returned John, greatly moved. Thank youf or your jod-wili to me.' ' Come a bit closer,' said Peter, more faintly. 'It's a great comfort not to die alone. I Btaail have plenty of company in a few minutes — all I've cared about— but I had no one here. God bless you ' and her, my boy.' John lifted the dying head, that the few remaining . breaths might be less laboured, and the old verger passed hie long rest leaning on the bosom of his long-sought next of "kin. : ' , John " and Muriel Were married much sooner than thej. had dared to hope when they first pledged 'their Word to one another. Part of Peter's long-hoarded wealth went to buy a country practice on the Devonshire ooast, where Mrs. Lake has moBi marvel lously recovered her health and strength, and where Dr. and Mrs. Hedley are extremely popular, and as 'happy ki the dayis long. 