REV. GEORGE WARNER. The Rev. G. Warner (who is about to con duct a Gospel mission in Ballarat), when preaching in the Primitive Methodist Church, Eyre street, on Sunday morning last, from I. Cor. ii., 19, 20, said:—“Paul was in the habit of speaking thus to Christians; he ‘ besought the Romans’ (xii., 1, 20) ‘by the mercies of God,’ that they would make a present of themselves to God, and that as a living sacrifice, which would be acceptable to God. When they first came to God they were dead through their trespasses and sins, but they were quickened into life by the energising spirit, and now that which is made alive he wants laid on God’s altar as an everlasting sacrifice. To these Corinthians he gives a list of charac ters (9, 10) who will be excluded the King dom of Heaven; aud thou he says—‘ Such were some of you; blit ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the spirit of our God.’ They were not iu Heaven, and Satan would do his best to keep them out. There were sins they must not stop to fight with. Samson fought and fell: Joseph fled, aud conquered. The only way to be kept from sin is to yield ourselves to God to be inhabited by Him as His temple, and so guarded from all intruders. Here was an error corrected. Paul seemed to say —‘ What, don’t you know that you are not your own? Have you not learned the alpha bet of Christianity? Don’t you know that out of the mind of a Christian all idea of self ownership or self proprietorship is at once abolished.’ Till a mania saved he wants to be independent of God and of everybody else. He talks of ‘ his own,’ but of nothing that he possesses is this true. This error is as old as hell, and older, for it is that which made hell. .Satan exalted him self against God, thus made himself a devil, and was thrust down to hell. Then the serpent crawled into Eden', and seduced our parents from their allegiance; they thought they had a right to take their own way in preference to God’s, and thus they brought death into the world aud all our woe. Your magnificent build ings were first in the mind of the architect. He drew the plan aud wrote the specifica tion, aud then every man on the job working to tliat, the superstructure appeared. God, iu His Word, has giveu ns the plan and specification of life, and we must work to that, or we are ruined for ever. We are practically His, to Whom we yield our selves servants to obey, aud there is no sense iu which we are our own. A truth stated:—‘ Ye are bought with a price.’ They would look at this truth in the light of sur rounding facts. Tho slave trade was theu iu existence at Corinth, and they were bought and sold in the market. A slave could not hold property because he himself was the property of another. It was death by law for him to obey his old master or anybody else save his uew master, or someone who had domiuion over him. If his old master gave him orders he was instructed to say, ‘ I am now dead to you; you have no right iu me.’ Bought and paid for at such cost, wc belong to Christ. We have a right to ex pect His presence, protection, and blessing while we own allegiance to -no other Lord. A privilege cuunciated.—‘Your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost.’ They would know what Paul meant by this. There were a number of temples at Corinth, and the one leading idea associated with a temple was that it was the dwelling place of Deity. They were God’s dwelling place if they were living up to privilege, and so is every child of God; and it is worse than sacrilege to abandon God’s property to the devil. But it is enough to make a man’s flesh sing to think that God will come and inhabit him. This must mean abiding holiness. This will come of the Divine filling, inspiring, ruling and guiding. God making the human soul His dwelling place will make holiness habitual. This is what gives power for service. So it ap peared on the day of Pentecost, aud in Finney, Moody, and all successful workers since that day, and this is a present bless ing. It is something ‘ which ye have of God.’ It does not come of study or long ex perience, but comes to earnest seekers, as at Pentecost, to those wait in earnest believing prayer for the fulfilment of the promise. An obligation enforced.—‘Therefore, &c.;’ This is a term iu logic aud Paul had been drilled in that science at the feet of Gamaliel. He has laid down his propositions aud draws the conclusion that the only honest thing is to let God have His own. This point was powerfully urged, and a' strong plea p •- sented for immediate abandonment to the service of Go l. 