IN LACHLAN STREET. A Biuiy Speaketh, Apologies — Mi/ opinion of Quandong—S. A. news— Wiping i4our cy(s with the public— Who was the Syd ney. Ditto — J)ubbo and Narrandera bilbies — Cup dreams and Drcamists—The ' old settler' and thebilby — /That unfortunate scalp— The constant* scrcechcr— Old Dog Tray. I must begin by apologios to 'Bilby's numerous correspondents for not availing mysolf of their hints, I thank them vory much, but- in somo instaivos the reforonces were too porsonal, an I likoly to give tniin to worthy peoplo; in otho* cases the 'squealistV wero doalt with, aud lifo is bad onough W'thout got ting that crowd at ono's throat. I would liko my correspondents to, as far as po**iblo, confr o them selves to funny and humorous incidents, aud to lfivo tho ('Uroly-viudictivo and porsonal severely alono. **? * # l am no morofriends with Quandong. Thitbump tuous. party, gets hold of me in an unguarded moment auu makes me cotuo-is 1 have a itucy ior Tranter for tho double ; and ho immediately points: it — pfrhap*as a soa of cock boat, if his Australian1 Poor tip didn't come off. I don't know anything' about horses uow — I 'ised to before mv transformation. I'vo seen tho Cup before a lot of liny sports wore out of the oug; I'vo heen Tim Whifller and the Barb aud Nim.'lefooL and Dagworth and I can't remember' how rin tuy others; ? It I' woro?. to go, to L7loraington n'rtw I'd abo nothing but ghosts. In -tead- ofi Australian Peer and all^thib lot Id soo' tho great animals of the pa t — ospeci illy ouo which won mo a lotof money, and went down in a steamer. I wonder^ if1 Teddy M'Grade'a spirit- Was hovering ' over r Floia ington on Saturday when Silvormiue— which he piloted so well last year — was running in the Mel-v Siourne Stakes on Saturday? Whore arballthe horses and jocks I havo seeu in their ^prime at Flem iiigton ? Where ' ' 'Gone to dor himmelstrablond grand,' P. S. 1 see aftor all Trautor might hav9 won butfor bad riding and an ac-.ident. * # * ' ? ' I was glad to hoar our local Devil Destroyers cap tured threo 'toughs' last woek, but the latost. (?ullotins aro of a discouraging kind, aud it soems the posts in Lachlan street . will . not bo.doiortod this summor ; they'll still be held up. Two of the ' toughs' joined early in tho weok but a roport boing cir culated that oue of them had falleu and had heon seen surrounding n pi u t of tanglofoot, ho was kept out. I .wonder does .the Harray obey thogro»t pro copt, that wo must forgive our brother even if ho orrs -eventy and seven times, I think not. ? Thoso old procopts art; out of date : for instate that one svhbdi commands us to sell all-we have and give it to tho poor. One of the recruits, who is a runner, ' testi fied' that ho was about to run a diiforeut race to tho Sheffield * I hope so, for his own sake. Of the third I know little, oxcept that it's said by tho unrogen orate he's already lallon away aud that we aro not ti havo a fourth saved typist. You can't have all. Soriousl*', if thoso chaps have ' gono up' to make a mockery of tho thing, I don't onvy them. There are vory honest and sincere peoplo iu tho Atmy, and they should not be mado fools of. * * * # When Byron wrote the famous ' Fare- theo-woU and if for evor,' a wit remarked that 'he wiped hi eyes with tho public,' scooping Murray's mouoy as n consolation It strikes me our astute Preinior—the ' lone, lorn craituro' — is doing that uow. I find that although ho spoko of a ' br^adloss home,' ho lias had his famous speech, iu which ho wipod hisoyes with the public printed at the Government Printing Office, and paid for it (the most romarkable part), so his colleagues said, iu Parliameut, out of his own pocket. That doesn't look like a breadloss homo.' Aud then ono is surprised to see so much noise mado of the matter. Why, eels cot accustomed to bo skinnod aud geese to be plucked, and as this is tho third or fourth timo Sir Honry has wiped his eyos with the .public, I don't see why he shouldn't stand it well. There are numbers of mon in Sydney now, some of. them in the Hoii'e, who paid thoir i-100 or so to got tho Beautiful Harbor's Graud Old Man out of trouhlo beforo. And if those who are getting up tbo testimonial now are wise, they'll so invest it that Sir .Honry can only got hold of the interest, or »o much per year. If not, ho'll bo wiping his eyes with the public in about six months, a ' lone, lono old man'. , with a ' broadlesB home.' Why cau't ho oat scones ? * ' . .* . * * Who did M'Elhone refer to the other night when he said if it wasn't for tbo presence of ladies in tho gal lory he'd a talo unfold that would drivo some Minis- | tors out of tho Houmj, just ai Sir Charles Dllke was | driven out of the Commons. Surely he couldn't refer I to the .J' lone, lorn' old map, to the tiger slayer I ' Milbnrn Crook,' the Man of Rabbits, or tho late ! Hay an(l G -rn party ? W oil ; who was it ? I know 1 certain'parties who now sit in the oder of sauctity and are pillars in Sydney and iMelbourne, whose early eareeri rivalled Don Juan's—and not with jJouna -Julias oilher. But thon they've repputod, aud biiroly a little wilduoss whon the blood is hot can be for given, if atoned for by a bettor life. Y: I. see. the well-known Bourko Bilby, (one of tho first of tie tribe iu tho wo?t to take to writiug) Bub Briarroot, after a long silence, has appeared at Dubbo in the columns of fiiend Dixon's now paper the Liberal. I regret to notice that Bob stands up hard for old man Pa kos, which should bo 'furrin to his natur'' They've got a Biloy at Narraudera who'a been getting himself i'to a tangle trying to find a rhyme for Murriimbidgeo. Why, I can't seo uny difficulty, A shearer who came to a watery grave last weok solved the difficulty iu this fashiou: There's a station that's called Pucua-widgee. And it's not upou tbe Murrumbiduee — Which I hold's importaut information ; And what's more the country i-» uot ridsy Through which runs the lower Murrumbidgee — It's as flat as any in creati -n : But if thero big flats you hope to find Better leave that idea behind 2 The Murrumbidgoo crayfish have f illy avengod tho rivor on that poetaster's corpse by this time. * * * * The Cup dream cranks camo off badly this yoar. Thore was ono old woman up Tamworth way who wont mad ovor Bravo, bucauso she droamt of him twice. She put money on him. But when he was scratched ehe woke up to tho vanities of this- life and of visions. Ai-d thore's a gontleman in this town who saw Thundorbolt coming in I'ko heaven's ar tillery, somewhere about lifiy miU's ahoad of every thing else. Even wh«u his horse went wroug he wouldn't boliovo it. How dons ho feel now ? This reminds me of a humoroos incident which occurred to me when in the flesh in Melbourne. It was the time people woro mad on tho spiritualistic racket, ai.d Hoaucos were as plentiful as rabbits aro now, A cortain circlo was eager to mako a suro thing of the Cu|», and urged their medium to havo a tranco on tho sui joct. But for some time sho ploidod thbt tho 'sporrits' did not pay attondon to such a vory sub. lunury thing as racing, and that it would bo pro fanity to broach tho sul ject to them. Considering the very platitudinai information tho 'sp-rritV lmd beon ailording us, I thought they would havo beon better employed touting. However, urgod by tho youngor belicvor', alio consented to hold a seanco on tho night beforo the Cup. There wa* a big atten dance, aud tho medium went off quickly, and all the Huorts declared sho was takon possession of by a de funct bookmaker, whoso print-ipal feature in lifo had been his nose, and whoso great qualification was lying. But ho ii, formed us thwou^h tho medium, that ho hud gut ovor his ovil way-, had boon adopted : by a^ generous miuister, whom we nil knew, aud had obtained a place in tho second 'spere.' When the 1 i y c v ?- - vi f a \i-.i fo.uico was ovor ororyonb madojout tho viston ro fcrrod to bis own hor.se, ho cleverly had tho medium de-cr:bod tho raoo, so Dolphie wan her description of tbo honoi. Those who backed tho winnow bo came (irm beliovcs iu tho niodinm; thoso who di In't attributed tho fiiluro to tho hing spirit, or thoir own wron.r intorpre'.atio.i : t'to muiium got credit from all. Tint's the way to dream, * * J # * -A bilby down south sends m* tho following : Thore was a L'roat dispute at a biation bore as to i what is a bilby. An 'old nomIo.' who knows ovory- ' thing at once jumped the pos'tion, as ho uhv.ivs dob-«, , arid declared he knew what a bilby was, and llo'd I show them right off. No soonor said than done, and j ho took the party to a wombat holo ! It's uot safe ' to talk to that rospoctod 'old rosident' about bilbios' or wom-)ats. * - ? * # * Thoro's groat fun in a cortiiin Vii't~rian city about a calamity which occurred to a iniddlo agod mashor Himself and anothor gentlemau of much the samo nge wero htruck oi- a lady who had not only good looks but a corjiiderab'o quantity of this world's dross, Onr hero Wears a 'scalp' aud dyos, so ho looks qnito young. His rival lets nature toll her talo. v/oll, tho whole party was at Queenscliff recently, and MrSc Ipdeoidod to monopolize tho lady to hitn solf in a trip to Sorrouto noxt day. His rivnl had,* unfortunately, a similar idea, aud aUo shrewdly sus pocted Mr Scalp's came. What was Si-alp's horror noxt morning to discover ho could not find his scalp anywhere. The result was his rival, who was not , really so favored as himself, escorted tho ladv to Sor ! ronto, and tho pair return.-d eng^go I. Mr Scalp will . now never travel without two ot tho necessary ap pondagos . ' * * * * Tho constant soroochors woro at it again the bther, night, and creatod torror up tho north oud of Lachlan Htroot. ' Sich a uittin' up stairs' I never heard. Thoy woro dancing on boards aud on the grass and on tho tablo — so I'm told. Mo^t folks'didn'tcaro if thoy dancod on their heads, if the constant scroechor was kept down. I am-glad to think that it is indubitable tho inventor of tho concertina wai bangod, but it 1 j would be somewhat consoling if one folt coi taiu somo | of his disciplos would come to an evil end, Thero was groat trouble ovor tho dogs in court last woek. It reminded ine of tbo famous travesty, of 'Old Dog I'ray' which Goorgo Coppiii used to fri'ng when tho Victorian Dog Act was passed. It ran somewhat thus The Govornmont hacks _ ^ ** Insisted on the tax \- ..That was fatal t: my poor.doit LVayr - v A Old dog Tray was ever faithful uud kind, . , Aud tie wagged bis taibbehiud. Now, I havo no doubt th ib. whilo the ownors of the cauinos bc^atched their, heads inside,, their- doj;s, uny conscious of what was going on; wagged ^ thnr tails ui tho streetrat tho rate of ton wags tou'shillings. 