f PINS. f Cum grow) salis.. Of course, everybody attended Professor Baldwin's seances-not even excepting the clergy (a. section of them only). The Professor pave us a lot nf food for study he is a study in himself, for though amusing, he is pre-eminently practical, having a very keen eye tb the main chance. The Professor is sol:citioU6 to have the patronage of the clergy, I notice-and in this I see much cu'eness-or say, sound policy ; for instance, he is very careful to tell his audience-that is to siy, the parsons present, that he didn't believe in the fantastic tricks of modern spiritualism-because, don't you see, the spiritualism of to-day is unorthodox. But them, he said, he believed in the good, old fashioned spiritualism, the same as the panons did ; the grand old Book and sn on. This, nf course, at once established friendly relations. Of course all the Professor did were trickt-except a few things he couldn't very well explain-or didn't want to-such as Afr«. Baldwin getting nut of thc bag and her remarkable guesses nf the questions people had written and put In their pockets. The wire trick is simply magnetism, anti therefore not a mystery. I fancy the parsons, like the rest nf us, were a bit pnzs'ed, though they seemed to enjoy'it-but how could they be pleased when the Professor's performance had something of the diabolical about it, or was it a travestie upon something unseen and unexplainable? I have generally been led to understand that the clergy didn't believe in the black art, In humbug, or in deceptbn, yet Professor Baldwin's clever perforrr anees were all of these. Tricks with «ards I had always supposed was a tabooed game by the clergy, so also-dancing and broad puns of a very materialistic character« ryal ifni I «rn mistaken-for there could have been no displeasure when the " cloth" turned up the second evening. As a poor old devil upon two'fiticks, I object to none of these thingB. What was plain to my 'senses was as plain and understandable to the clergy's, but the other business must have been rather less (or more, which ?) piquant tn them than to me. Miss Edwards' very nice songs and het graceful steps were neither' gall nor wormwood to me-no more than is drama, opera, or burlesque-but then, I take it, if the-e be any consistency at all in things it must have been otherwise in another direc tion. Taken all together, I liked Professor Baldwin's show much ; it was clever and interesting-and bendes, it rerived in my mind my old love of metaphysics, and set me a-tbinking what there war in such a show that a parson should not object to, and what there is in a dramatic entertainment that a patsnn should. I am at a loss ; the peculiarities of the human mind arc wonder ful, and in spite of phrenology, physiognomy, animal magnetism, etc., «he mind is as hard a subject to deal willi as ever 'twas. If I s iv that all the Professor and his wife did was humbug, no doubt the clergy will believe me ; but if Í refer to certain things done by individuals - only men mind you-, thous nds of years ago, aid denomin a'e them by the saii:e term, they will upbraid me. Now this; to me, is a meta physical puzzle. Without mentioning cer tain smart tricks nf legerdemain, practised in Egypt some thousands of years ago-tricks with mirrors and rods that telescoped, and oilier hanky-panky, f may refer to one thing only, which I caVt get mind no how, be cause, you sec, it waa a sm;irt trick done by an irregular hand. Witches have always been in bad repute fr.im the time of Saul, King of Israel, down to very recent years and many a poor «retch has perished through being considered one. Now we ure told that a w:tch was induced to raise from the dead the body of a man who, iu life, did witchery bv authority-»nd strange to s.iy, this poor woman, though only a freelance in the black art, bad the power to do as she was desired by the great king-who, by the bye, was in tiotib'.e and wanted advice. He got it, and, presumedly, the good man laid down in his shell and went off to sleep again-at any rate, we hear of him no more, though, strange as it may appear, a second book bearing his catre, appears to have been written after the foregoing event. Now, what 1 weuld like to know is, from M bom did the witch receive her license? hecause, you know, raising a man from the dead is a very much more serious thing than releasing a woman from a bag or telling what one may have written on a scrap of paper-wonderful ns it may nppear. Professors Dirke and Pepper put us up to a good many things in J the mysterious linc a good many years ago, and more recently Mes?rs, Maskelyne and Cook, and ever. Professor Baldwin has dune the same ; so that if we are sceptical of one thing we may just as well be of another. The first named gentleman gave us their cele- : Pirated ghost, and the hitter exposed the pjiiritualistic tricks of Home and 131 ide, and when 1 find that such mysterious things ea-i be done by smart men now-a-days hy simply using natural means-that ir. obeying Nature's lavs, my resp-ct fer ancient magi, çians, astrologers. iHcrrnsr.ccrs, fortune tellers ¿nd miracle wctkers diminishes .^Wlptl||i^9Ptheiso^aliéd ieiito'iêj»: sr: ïftw^p|vJ^)l^É^'»MiiJÇ te rot end; ^humbug'-lia^i^^^Oiét^niJéntaiid it ; ^.tâtptwiïffiit^^ doctrine» if I piiyfoMl-^iiJ^i^ßßxy, it » mystery, «nd so ls tho peculiarities of unorthodox spiritualists, «nd ii'irajregular mystery to ros why one set of spiritualists should fall out «Ith another. That spiritualist«, of all kinds, should fall foul of materialists, I can understand, because your man of facts and matter don't profess to believe in anything lie cant grip, either with his hands or his mind. Yet he leans kindly towards the un orthodox spiritualist, simply because he knows there are many Illings in nature he does not understand, and therefore he is not justified in denying their existence ; while on the other hand, the orthodox spiritualist, while believing in mystery of one kind, ¡ laughs immoderately at the mysteries of others. Anyhow, it is hoped that Professor Balduin, though only a trickster, or a Yankee humbug, ns I have heard him called, bas been the means of making thc clergy of cur town more rational men-though not one «hit religious-I hope always to see gentle men of this profession religious, and at the same time, tolerant. Such a' combination is neither imporaible nor inconsistent, and the man who can be both must be, in my opinion, more effective in the good work they may have laid themselves out to perform. f The " Ev'nung Noose" is wroth with the Í Government bocause they have very properly decided to block a lot of greedy sharks who I neem to have had a longing ejÉ tipari the public purse. It appears that the' late Government decided to open a street along side the General Post Office, to be called " Post Office Stree "; and that said street should be an uniform width of 75 feet, pro vided owners ol property adjacent-that is, those «ho owned frontages tn Pitt and George street, were willing tn sell the Government sufficient land, say an average nf 20 feet, at a nominal price. Land owners failing to do this within six months (the specified time), the late Postmaster-General, Mr. Suttor, decided to open the street its present width of 66 feet, and to built a fence or wall 8 feet high tho whole length of the street, which would block these proprietors in. To complete the street, the whole width of CG feet, it became necessary to purchase two pieces of land, one having 3 feet to George-street, the other ll feet to Pitt, street. The owner of the first named apiece was willing to sive the desired 3 feet, sering, as a sensible man, the advantage it would be tn the. State ; but the owner nf the ll feet a big monopolist residing in England-asked the trifling sum of £7260 for it-which, of course the Government decline to give, and they have therefore decided to carryout Mr. Suitor's minute. Sydney papers gemr nlly approve of the Government's determina tion, but somehow, the " Noose" seems to have forgotten its ancient liberalism, and have enne over to the landed upper-crust the plutocrats of Sydney. * Of course the " Noose" proprietors^re not now so poor es 1 tiiey w.ete befoie^Uó *' Di«.« itud:*öu«>»t>M*u feathered their hesta ; and this circumstance has been the Utans of sounding their democracy-which not a very deep sea line will bottom. Now I, for one, am only too glad to give the Government kudos thus early in their career, for stepping out in the right direction-making a stand against the greed of those comorants of society who see, at all times, in the Government, a fit Subject for plunder. These niggardly land owners must surely be blind to stund thus in their own light; for £7200 should be a small sum for them to pay for the advantages of having a frontage to such a busy street as this new street must be. The street itself even at the reduced width of CO feet-must be of great advantage to thc public, but how much more would it he to these selfish owners were the street the full width of 75 fret, and frontages "all along the line?" The Government are doing what is right in resisting this preposterous demand-and instead of the Government being guilty- of " black-mailing," as thc " Noos" hath it, mv opinion is that the boot U on thc other foot. "A most exemplary Premier.'" said a man some the other day. "Who is'" said I. " Why, Sir Henry Parkes," says he. Ye god«, after that the delude ! and let us have it ns quickly ns possible so that all such " exemplary" premiers may be turned into amphibians or some other crawling reptiles. In what is Sir Henry Parkes exemplaty-in his Billingsgate? If some leisured literary crank wnntin<j employment, were to compile n little book in which contd be found all Sir Heniy's choice specimens of rude Eng lish spoken during his late electioneering campaign, he would ne doing the lovers of the curious a great service : " Specimens of rude Hinglish-period, 19th century," by Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., Premier, etc., etc.," wriuld sell much be'.ter than " Murmurs of the Stream," by H. Parkes, chartist, radical, and poet. It is no use my enumerating here what he said of Suttor, or Melville, or O'Sullivan, of Dibbs, of Forsyth, of Burke, nf Hyam, of Lyno or Rcuwick, for : the «aihage he uttered in his ponderously humorous way, can do them no harm, but recoils upon him as the Premier of the colony, and as being the man, of all othrrs, ; who lins fet young members and the people 1 generally, a most pernicious example-that I of abusing, in the mi.st malicious way, an opponent, lt is notorious that Sir Henry I Parkes pursued every one of those members who voted for his expulsion from the Chamber, with the most venomous hatred; he not only opposed them as being inimical to Free-trade, but lie opposed them from personal motives of revenge, and in such choice slang-whanging, that none buta fish fag (and Sir Henry Parkes) could use. Of ccurse there were Crows and magpies, and " yellow dnrns" i:i pie ty to hang upon his every word, und h'jvrl in chorus, " See what ft lirrat man is our champion of Free that is to say, opponent of everything free ur.iler the sun, except it be oar freedom of fptecb, and nar risjhl to put thc enmctber upon Freethinkers and free speaker; ; upon lecturers u; on astronomy ar.rf all other sicii like ungodliness." Yes, tiitre are ¡els of mlsiajWB^ÍÍF^^ of «"'«iooríi^^ .Aä^dc^IjK^^M^Ü^^göftliqr*.:¿Imtt the «n*^ called 8Í /äfihe^ebpr^V«majority aré «ot; a ¿Wd w Dibbs,; Copeland, Abbott, J Fletcher, Garvan, Slattery Lyge, O'Sullivan,r ftjalvire, Walker, Want, Wall, Barbour, O'Mara, Gale, and Hassall, are not exactly the men to be sat upon, even by so big a high mightiness as the senior member fur Rt, Lennards. Allowing that Sir Henry has 62 supporters-and I doubt it-I find but 22 who can be considered fairly good men ; .and among that number are at least 5 who he m»y find very dangerous kupporers-all capable men who will stand no humbugging, and may tarn tail upon bim at any moment,* on any other question than Free-trade. This "exemplary" premier will find that his ministerial couch for the next six months will be no bed of roses, and if the ghosts of some of the abused ones do not haunt bis 70 guinea couoh and disturb his slumbers, 1 shall be gteatly surprised. One can, by a very slight effort ol' imagination, see the non Parliamentary spirits nf CM.G. Davies, Kenwick, Suttor, Baker, an j Shepherd, gibbering round their former chiefs pillow, making his night hideous. There is a living -sprite-far more dreaded than any one of these Parliamentary dead 'ans, and that is, the Hon. Tom Garrett, who will seize upon the first opportunity to sheet it home to his venerable, but not respected chief. By what process of reasoning the Daily Telegraph makes out that there were 83,136 Protectionists voted at the late election puzzles me. It by no means follows that all who voted for a declared Protectionist candi date were necessarily protectionists them selves. Not at al). " lt must he," the Telegraph will argue, " if they voted fot a Protectionist when a Free-trader was in the field." By no mean«; Mr. King-street Muddle-bead. There are two men in the field-say for Windsor or Jericho, its imma terial which ; one declares himself a Protectionist, t'other a. Free- trader; the former is known to be a sound man-honest, consistent, and capable ; the other is known to be a trimmer, with not half the ability the other man has, besides, his Free-trade principles won't bear examination. Vow, which of the two would any honest elector vote for Î The former, undoubtedly ; he must either vote for the straight man or not at all-and men who value their franchise do not like to stand aloof on these occasions. Now, I believe there were lots of Free-trade . electors so placed at the late elections, and ns the Protectionist candidates were, in most instances, sincere men, they must have se cured the votes of a large number of men who were undoubtedly Free.traders-but who preferred an honest Protectionist to an unreliable Free-trader, or anythingarian. The fact is, these remarkable analysis', of electioneering figures indulged in by the Telegraph are unreliable and misleading. A lot of men Were returned by neither Free traders nor Protectionists, but by their personal friends (as wes the case here), matty of whom know as much about politics as they jífí j»t B»ixo»«»^.-j^^jBonUn*t_.taJ[e much figuring to reckon that up. At any rate, I feel assured that had good men on both sidea -Protectionists and Free-traders- been brought out, the number of Protectionists returned would have been less than they are. I blame no man for voting for a gentleman instead of a cad ; or a capable, honest man, whose political principles are different to his, rather than a political pariah who has none at all-never bad any, and -were he to live to the age of Methusaleh, never would have any. I am not surprised at all at the " Tel-a-cram" calling men of this discription. Free-traders ; the " Tel-a-cram" is at pres ent the Free-trade organ, but should it ever happen that Abbott, Garran, Wall, Melville, O'Sullivan, and that crowd ruled the roast with a majority at their backs, it would jump Jim Grow as nimbly as it did when first transplanted from the " Cabbage Garden" to New South Wales Free-trade -soil-in which it has thrived so well. Ninepence for a hundred-weight of lucerne is what a Hawkesbury farmer recently' re ceived, clear of expenses, from a Sydney agent-which agent, I do not know, there are so many of 'em-they are as numerous as bees in a hive, and quite as intent upon sucking the farmer of his profits as the bees aforesaid are of extracting all the sweet juices they can from the floral ttfbe. At this rate, farming in a good season is not " all beer and skittles" lo the grower. It is certainly jolly for the general public to know that bountiful Nature has wrought abundance everywhere ; but to the farmer this abundance (under existing systems) means the reverse of jollity, for between commission and produce agents and their landlords, they lead rather a melancholy life of it. Now, I believe in plenty-plenty everywhere, and I would not join in a prayer meeting to slay the rain or sunshine if I thought both would do good ' for humanity-not for a million or so. There ? are persons who would, I know, whether they habitually say their prayers 'or not. Any how, let us haye plenty, I say; a cheap feed for our horses as well as a cheap loaf, cheap fruit and vegetables for ourselves. Still, it must De patent that ninepence a cwt. for lucerne will not pay the most industrious farmer to cultivate. What, then, is to be done? He says he "must se]\ because his landlord wants his rent." Just so? ar.d it is just here where our farmers arc handicapped -just where the curse of our beautiful (to the landlords) system comes in. If 'he State were the only landlord, or the farmer tillad his own freehold, he would not be compelled to sell in order to pay his rent ; he wouiù tide it over unlit lucerne was nut a drug ir. the market, and then his stacks of good, old, wcll-seiisoned lucerne would fetch him in something wotth having. This sort of thing can be carried too far, I know ; and capital ists-very religious capitalists too-have been known in our metropolitan city of Svdney, to make a big haul out of a flour famine. . I don't believe in that sort of thing; but in the farmer's case, selling far next In nothing, or keeping his produce until he can gelnfnirprice.it is very different. It's a bad stale of affairs when our husbandmen have lo sell their st ii fl as soon as grnw.i to settle the insatiable monster-Ii tm; and ia all parts of the world, it is the most ?|fsrÄir^r7pi?*ff^ ""«tadc.'-iiie lucerne, IfeSMtei)^ maire, until «he «ontetbi"£ gotten in the «tate of Drttmatk ~ -»nd it is out of this rottenness that money leudéis, usurers, «nd plutocrat« generally fatten. Landlordism is a cursé' ip any «uuntry ; it is the blight of a firmer'» exist «nee-cater-pillars, grubs, rust, and all the' other nuisances with which the fanner has 'to contend, are small punk ins to it ; it it the "old man of the sea" on Sinbad's back that keeps him down. Landlordism is non progressive; it ia oat necessary to those who fatten eu it that the world should advance. Landlordism begat that other ugly monster, trotectinn-and sire and cub go together in every country', staying progress, until men who sigh for fieedom, fairly roused, will strangle both out of existence. No country can be really free which perpetuates-or even tolerates-the existence of two such uncouth monsters. They fatten upon thc misery of the manses, and selfishness is the only senti ment they are guilty of-and that pervades their whole being. The farmer who curses his landlord, yet clamours for the bastard of Protection, Reciprocity, is a fool, because he must have traced the relationship existing between the three. The remedy is simple : Let us have the Slate the sole landlord ; open ports, and population ; these form the trinity that shall, in the course of years, swallow up the other triple-beaded monster, in the interests of humanity, all over the world. Farmers, don't despair 1 "There's a good time suming, boys (if net in your days, in the day s of your sons and daughters) just wait a little longer." When you have mouths to feed you will have a gjod market; but with only a million of people you can hardly expect it; and yet your so-called friends would keep your market away from your door, by preventing immigration. AsMODEUS. 