Wicked 'Waste. It proof were nec/ied o£ the continued '?vitality of. the AssemWy it -was given last ir^ht, in t-iit utterly unproroked anil iAisiml dispute during the fii'st hour of tlii- sitting. 1'hc House has survived it. Quid imiliit ? The Minister for ftr-?rks postponed a motion relating to the ?'j. recta. 3lr. Kates rose ' more in witow than in anger.' The Premier replied. Had the ease boon permitted to .?nd tlii-ve it would lint have buen \in ligniiu-d. 'But for some days past Mr. I'oote h;\s been in a state of excitement. He ' iwe-in his place in the House,' and urged that there was no need to hurry the -Utdistiibuiion Hill. It was a most micalled for remark. He has been, lighting for dear life to get certain changes made in Uie bill, and if lie does not get them he is tv.-ittcd with the fear that he mny never again sit in the House. He was followed by M-. Thorn, who raised the c-:-v that so soon as that bill has -passed it will be unconstitutional to do any more business. There is not the ghost of a truth in the statement. Everybody knows, and therefore those who raised this cry must know, that tho passing of this measure is the condition of a new 1'arliamcnt. If it is not passed there is not tho shadow of a reason at present why this Parliament should not l)o called together again, if only to pass a similar measure. It is entitled to live till November 12 months, and ought to be made to live till then if a ltcdistribu tion Hill is not passed before. As to doing no more business, that is not correct as ap plied to the vi'u rccia. The railway pro posed under that name has already passed the Assembly as one of a set: it passed on its own merits last year : and by the utmost stretch of parliamentary fussines? it could not be brought under the head of business, which ought not to be done after a Ik-distribution 35111 has passed, if there be such business. Mr. Thorn having kicked off the ball, it was kept moving : one member succeeding another, the last man tacking his speech on to that of the man who went before. There was no rensou in the thing itself why the debate did not go on for ever. It had a lino swing in its movement : it was charm ingly varied with pathos and bathos. The debate uroWT on the '.Redistribution liil was more reasonable. The fate of the bill is settled now. In a measure of that sort a margin must be left, especially under a Government like the present. They are accused of carrying everything with a high hand. Prom the first it was intended to let the .House have a little rope, but not enough for hanging purposes. Northern members were certain to demand n larger representation. They could hardly be refused. Other inequalities were to bo levelled up by two additional members, four in all. At that point a stand is made, and for the rest it will bo a matter of adjusting boundaries. There is not the slightest reason to suppose that with those additions the measure will not give universal satisfaction outside, and even lion, members who have raised all this dust will hob-nob and rub noses over the result, congratulating themselves ou the good stand they made and its glorious issue. Hut they must not run away with the idea that when the measure has left their hands it will he unconstitutional for them to do more business. 