SUICIDE OF MR! JOSHUA DUFFETT. A SAD OCCURRENCE. Yesterday morning Mr. Joshua Duffett, the son of Mr. J. G., Duffett, of the firm of Messrs. Duffett and Brown,' solicitors, Melbourne; committed suicide under very sad | cficMutoncegi '- Mrs 'Duffett,' who is well knowtfTri Sporting 'circIeVr'ésided at Race coRretj'.i&svI;, Caulfield; went to Warragul I last week to superintend the removal of a number of cattle owned by his father. He returned from there! and on Tuesday afternoon he went to Dandenong. He borrowed a double-barrelled gun from a blacksmith aft)andcnong named Green, on the pretext that he wanted it for the purpose of shooting a horse. The gun was loaded in 5 each barrel with a bullet, at Mr, Duffett's request. It is rumoured that the bullets were cast for him by the blacksmith, but the statement requires confirmation. Thus equipped, he proceeded on horseback to Uren's Hotel, which is about three miles from Dandenong, on the Berwick road. He remained at the hotel during the night. He appeared to be in his usual) condition of health, and gave no evidence whatever of any intention which he might have formed to put an end to his life. He rose at 8 o'clock yesterday morning. He partook of a glass of brandy and lemonade, and told the man in charge of the bar that he would take his gun, and " have a shot before breakfast.'' His action caused no surprise. No suspicion was excited as to his intentions, and it was not known what direction he took when he left the house. The tragic incident which followed showed that he deliberately determined to commit suicide according to a preconceived plan. He appears to have walked direct to an uninhabited cottage, described as being little better than a hat, about the third of a mile from the hotel, near the Hallam road railway station, In the cottage there was an old stretcher. To this he appears to have tied the trigger of the gun in such a way that he could manipulate it with fatal effect to himself. He directed the barrel at his own body, and by pulling the gun exploded the charge in one of the barrels. The bullet passed through his body on the left side, penetrating the lungs and causing profuse bleeding. There was no witness of the occurrence, and what was the immediate effect of the wound is not at present known. If it rendered him unconscious, it must have been only for a very short time. He must have suffered great pain, but in spite of this, he left the hut, and walked or crawled the whole distance back to the hotel, climbing on the way over a three-railed fence, still bleeding profusely from his wound, and in a dying condition. During this terrible walk the strain upon the system of the injured man must have been very great, and his suffering intense. However, by some means be reached the hotel, and at 9 o'clock, after an absence of an hour, during which time nothing had been heard of him, he was seen clinging in evident distress to the gate leading to the yard at the rear of the house. A man employed in the yard was the first to discover him. His clothes were covered with blood, and his condition being ascertained, he was at once placed in bed in the hotel, and medical assistance sent for. Dr. Moore, of Dandenong, arrived shortly afterwards. He examined and dressed the large and gaping wound in Mr. Duffett's side, but at once pronounced his case to be hopeless. A telegram was subsequently despatched to Mr. Duffett's parents in Melbourne, and they went down to Dandenong, accompanied by Mr. Girdle stone, surgeon, whose services they had obtained. Mr. Duffett revived after his wound was dressed, and was able to converse with those who attended him. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, however, he became unconscious. He then sank rapidly, and at 7 o'clock in the evening bodied from hemorrhage of the lungs, the result of the self inflicted wound. The case was for a time surrounded by some mystery. Mr. Duffett was not known at the hotel, and when he returned with the fatal wound in his side he stated that he had slipped and accidentally shot him. self Subsequently inquiries led to the discovery of the gun in the uninhabited cottage near the Hallam's road railway station, with the trigger still fastened to the stretcher, and then information was obtained which made it evident that the case was one of deliberate suicide The parents, who returned to their residence" at Riversdale road, Hawthorn, last evening, had not anticipate any such act of self destruction on the part of their Bon. They state that about ten years ago Mr. Duffett met with an accident in the hunting held, which caused serious injury to his head. He recovered, that since then he had been subject to severe neuralgia, which recurred with distressing regularity during the cold weather of the winter months He could obtain no remedy for his ailment. When the pain was great he often walked about his room at night unable to rest, and it is supposed that his sufferings from this cause produced the depression of mind which induced him to commit suicide It is expected that an inquest will be held to day. Mr Duliettwns 33 years of age. He was unmarried, and was well known in sporting circles, principally in connection with racing For seven or eight years he had trained horses at Caulfield, and run them under the assumed name of Mr. J. 0. Reid. His principal success was achieved two years ago with Grace Darling in the race for the Caulfield Cup, which she won, and the same more subsequently was beaten by a head only for the Melbourne Cup won by Sheet Anchor. The Ghost and Gadfly, both winners of the VATC Ladies'' Trophy, were amongst others of his winning horses. for some time past, however, Mr. Duffett's racing operations have not been attended by success, and several of his horses, Including Grace Darling, were recently sold by auction a 