THE STORY-TELLER. HAUNTED BY HARRIET. .BY F. W. ROBINSON. I don't know that it will take me very long to got this story into shape. It is not a ioag story, and I am a short man, I mean short in action and speech- short and sharp-for as to my height, if it is any satisfaction to anybody I may as well state at once that I am fire feet four. My name is Gabbla, and at the time of which 1 write I was chief clerk -confidential clerk-to Solomon ^Dredge, solicitor, of Greenmoultl-street, SpifcalSelda, Spitalfielda was never a famous locality for solicitors, but there were a few of us about there-not of the higheBt standing, perhaps, but we did a goodish bit of business, and saved many a client from rushing West to fool his cash away out of the parish. Old Solomon Dredge did, perhaps, more business than most of the Far-East solicitors; he had been longer established, and was well- known aa a sharp, close-fisted, ironclad old gentle man, who knew as much as most folk. When his brother was living-Dion Dredge-the firm of Dredge & Dredge was known in the profession as "The Knives," and well it deserved the appellation. A sharp firm very. It did a lot of business with ladies and gentlemen from Whitechapel, who were alwajB getting into tronble from some cause or other; it was clever at County Conrt and Police Conrt cases, and abBolately great in lending money to needy shopkeepers, and selling them up, coot and branch, stock and stone, when the money was not forthcoming. They were days of rich hauls too, those good old days, and Solomon Dredge was said to be wealthy. Very probably he was, for he never spent his money, and wore the same old long, snuff-coloured coat that he was married in forty years ago. That's what people said about him in Spitalfields. However, hewaB a sound, sharp lawyer; and those very same sonrrilous people, when they got into difficulties were always glad to have him on their side. He did his duty by them, and was not too particular. He had a greater stock of witnesses for the detence to draw upon than any solicitor I have ever known- alibis who would swear to anything for a five-pound note-a few of them for as bh> all an amount as five shillings, when times were extra hard. Wonderfully cheap wit nesses !-and generally to bo relied upon. Of late days, when Solomon Dredge was getting, and looking, an old man-he owned to seventy-five and looked eighty-nine or thereabouts-he had not shown that tre mendous interest and energy in business for which he had been remarkable. He took long spells of rest at his house in Hackney road, went sometimes iuto the oountry, Deptford way, for change of air, and left more of the business in my hands; so much, at last, in my hands, that every day I thought that he had made up his miud to take me into partnership. I had been thinking he would do this for twenty-five years or there abouts. 1 had been building upon it. 1 was not a qualified solicitor, but that would not have mattered a great deal-that can always be managed, and I may say at once that he neverdidtakemeintopartnership, but died the same selfish, teaty, unprincipled, mercenary old rip, whom 1 had known all my life. I don't mind saying as much as that now. I only wish X could have mustered up courage to say it to his leathery old chops before they carted him away to Kensal Green, where he had got a bit of ground, dirt cheap-for an overdue debt-from his one rackety cepheir, who had run through all bis father's property like wildfire. Still, this freehold grave was in the family, and Solomon had the consola tion of knowing that be should be buried with bis brother, .the defunct Dion, with whom be had not agreed for five consecutive minutes during the whole period of their partnership together. The office of Dredge & Dredge-Solomon kept up thelegal fiction of the firm, it looked so much more imposing, painted in white on two brown wire blinds-was in Greeninould street, not a very loog distance from Spital fields Church and Market; in fact, you could smell th'e stale cabbage leaves of the market whenever the windowB were left open. There were two windows to the,office, which was on the ground floor, and a Btreet door that openep by the pulling of a chain which hung over my desk, and saved me the trouble of getting off my stool, and the firm the expense of an office boy. Qreenmould-strcot was a very quiet street -had been a fashionable Btreet once upon a time, but the houses had got grimy and worm eaten, and were as a rule, let in fiats, and swirmed with the oddest kinds of lodgers. Solomon Dredge was at Deptford again when the incident occurred which I have thought it as well to write out whilBt I have a clear notion of It all. He had been ailing felt a bit nervous, could not account for a nasty pain in his chest, and a nastier pain in the email of his back-and 1 had not seen him for five days. .Business was not briBk-it was Christmas time nearly-and the weather was too cold for people to go to law. I was sole clerk-there was no one under me; from morning till night I had bad for five days the office all to mjEelf, I may remark here that I was a single man, and slept always in the office. Mr. Dredge thought it was safer to have some one always on the premises, and deducted a certain amount per week-trust him for that-for rent from my miserable pittance. And it was a miserable pittance, although I had put a little money Tjy-juBt enough to bury me decently, or indecently, according to the taste or want of taste, of my executors. I did not much care how it was. I had not much interest in the transaction. I had grown tired of life and the law. I doubt if even I had been offered the partner ship whether it would have stirred me up much. I was 68, and had gout in the knees. Invidions and untruthful folk said I looked older than Dredge. Let me say here, and for the fairer compre hension of what follows, that I was not a nervous man, that I had not an atom of fanciful)]ess in my composition, that my affections, impulBeB, tomfooleries had dried up long ago, and that 1 was as mush a piece of parohment as the deeds I sometimes en froseed for the principal and client. Indeed, had prided myself for many years npon my cool, grave, businesslike stolidity. I had had so little to excite me in Greenmould-street I since young Dion went to Australia that I had grown greenmouldy myself. Yonng Dion was the nephew who had ran i through his father's share of the business and I come to grief: a rackety, reckless, and slap dash young fellow, who hated the law, his uncle, and me, and made fun of all three of ns, and was a great trouble till he came to the end of his resonroes. But I liked the lad. I never said so; and I'm sure he never guessed it. I don't know why I should have liked him either, for he identified me always with bis uncle, and said hard things, and called me harder names when he was in his oups, which was not at all unfrequent. There was some thing in him to like-perhaps that was it. He was so full of life; he was always so much in earnest; he bad so supreme a contempt for his uncle and hiB uncle's ways; he protested ! so warmly againBt anything which was, to his mind, base and mean; he was bo unlucky; did such foolish acta-that was why I liked him. Contrast of character; admira tion of a man who did not care for money, and who defied Old Dredge-perhaps all that accounted for my liking him on tha quiet; but he never guessed it- never credited me with possessing, at that time, any human feeling. And yet when his ancle sold him np and settled bim I cried behind the door of the iron safe, and cursed my master, and hoped that & judgment would come home to him ; bat no one knew it. guessed it, dreamed of it. I was ouly old Gubble. I find I am wandering in my narrative after all. X am diffuse. This is like being paid per folio. Let me get on. Dredge, then, as aforesaid, had been luxuriating in Deptford some five days. It was a wintry morning, and there were signs of enow in the air, and now and then a hand ful of Bnowflakes _ would flicker past the window-panes as if they presently meant business. I do not, as a rule, take any notice of external matters when I am at my deBk. When Solomon Dredge was in tb 9 office you may be sure I did not, as he would have deducted such inattention from my salary; but I remember that on this day I looked uponoe or twice from the draft which 1-vas copying, as though the first flakes of the season were of some little interest to me, and the second time I looked up I beoame aware of a pale, pinched woman's face, look ing over the wire blind at me. I scowled back at the female and reBUtned niy writing, and the female disappeared. There was nothing uncommon in any one looking over the wire blind into the office-it occurred now and then-and I thought no more of the matter. Tall men and women, as they passed, glanced in occasion*!^, and little boys had been known to climb upon each other a shoulders, and take it ia turns to see what was going on inside. There are some folk who will be curious or die for it. Ten minutes afterwards, the light outside was again obscured by the interposition of somebody between it and the window glass, and there remained a fixture till I looked up .jsu. It was a dark morning, and I wanted all the light I could get without interfering with the gasburner, whioh Mr. Dredge did not like any one trifling with, and the thick head of even one observer mad^. 3 difference. I looked up sharply at last, and there was the some woman again glaring in at me with an anxious stare. i shook my head at her. I squeaked out, 1 Go away!"-I have a piping voice, with a natural tremolo in it-but the woman took no notice, and continued to etire in, and by degrees the face made an impression upon me that was peculiar. I began to wonder what the woman wanted, why she had come twice to look in at me-what there was of interest in this grimy, dust-dried offios, or ia this grimy, dust-dried me, to keep her staring there. She must bo a tall woman to look so easily over the blind, I thought, and her face was so white and daggered that it might have i stood for a death's head framed in a rusty i crape bonnet, with rusty crape flowers to match, surmounting it. And the eyes were so jull of sorrow, had such a tt*oe-begone ex- i presaion in them, that they began even to aflect me, as parties susceptible to mesmeric influence are affected, I have heard ; not that I ever believed in all that nonsense myself, I thought I had better stare this woman out, and after a while I succeeded, for the face was withdrawn from the window, and its owner went away. The woman was sot long upon my mind, and with a pen in my hand and a deed before me I was bound to go on, UBt as a clock is baund to go on till run do wn for good. For half an hour I proceeded in my usual way, when suddenly, almost with a J jerk this time, up rose that saturnine visage over the blind once more. " Bless my BDUI I" I ejaculated on this occaeion, I caught myself saying it, I was completely surprised, calm and unmoved as I might have been to her. What did she want? If it were business, she would have knocked just as readily as other people did, and I could have pulled the chain and ad mitted ber, and listened to hor case. But to stand staring there was particularly objec tionable. I This time she was not so long surveying me and the premises; she probablyknew me ' by heart now, for before I could make up my mind how I should resent this third intru sion, she had once more disappeared; Only to return, though, in about twenty minutes, and look in bb hard as ever for a minute or two and again retire. This waa getting too much of a joke, and I was actually igetting nervous -I, Silas Gubble, who bad never been ner vous in all my life before. All this very much of a coincidence, of course, easily accounted for if one only held the clue, but nevertheless incomprehensible to me. The woman was probably waiting for some one, and to while away the time, looked in over the blind every time she passed to see how I was getting on. Very probably she was annoying other persons down the street in the same fashion, and they were equally as perplexed. There would be a row on shortly, I thought; some neighbours I knew would not stand any persistent joking of that description. It did not matter to me so much. If it amused anybody to watch tne why, let them be amuBed. It was only a pity that they were so easily pleased. It was only " There she is again!" _ '"Yes, too much of a joke. I waB qnite right. It was. I found I began to think less of my work than of the woman outside, and to wonder how long it would be before she looked over the blind again, and how long I was expected to sit and bear the inflation, No one came to the office that day to relieve the monotony of the day's routine. If any body had called I should have told him all about it, and made a bet with him when the face would reappear. I was getting demo ralized. I found myself writing down in my beBt round hand- Payment to be made on the OBual days for payment of rent-viz,. Michaelmas, Christmas, Lady day, and yes terday," and a little farther on " the woman to have immediate right of possession," the tenant was Go wan, the butoher in the next street, when the faoe osee mote rose like a jaundiced moon and peered tn. I could stand it no longer. There was something too uncanny about it. The woman would drive metmt of my mind. I was aot used to this kind of thing at all. I jumped from my stool and shuffled as quietly as I coald to the street door, which I opened, and then looked into the street. Of course, there waa no woman. She was not going to be stopped and asked half a hundred questions by me. And the gout at my knees hindered my getting along very fast. There was almost the whole length of Greenmould-street on my right- she had- not gone that way, unless she had walked into an open doorway. There was no one about bat a little girl with a stone jug, toddliDg to the beershop, and the catsmeat man halfway down the street cutting up his "ha'porths," and surrounded by yelling felines in every stage of hunger and deBpair. On the left there were four doors between Dredge's office and the comer of the nest street, into which ehe had probably clipped. I hurried paBt those four doors and peered rouud the corner. There was no tall being in a black-crape bonnet in that direction either-there were two slatternly girls laughing with a baker's man, a sweep on the other side of the way yelping dismally, and a policeman tramping slowly away from me. A policeman! No; he would only smile at me. There was nothing to talk to a policeman about. In the fresh air the whole thing seemed supremely ridiculous. I would go indoors and have my dinner. I had my dinner in the office-Mr. Dredge always gave strict orders that the office was not to be left for a single instant on any pretence whatever. I spread my 6 ounces of brisket of beef upon the newspaper they had wrapped it in at Swcatem'a in Bishops gate-street, produced my penny loaf and penknife, ana set to work. The watcher did not come during the meal. Perhaps she had gone to dinner too, or had gone away for food, seeing that my suepicions were aroused, hoped that she had gone away for good. I' did not want to see her any more. Bat I was not to be quit of her so easily. At half-past 3, when I thought she really had gone, when I could almost fancy she had passed oat of my mind, onoe more that sallow, ugly, crape bedizened jowl rose over the street side of the window blind and looked fixedly at me. I felt little prickles at the roots of my grey bairs. How long was this kind of game likely to last ? " What the devil do you want ?" 1 shrieked out in an enraged tone; but whether the woman heard me or not I could not telL She continued to look almost pathetically at me; but when I scrambled off my stool and made for the door, she vanished. At the door and looking down the street, of course I could not see a trace of her. It was peculiar and ghost like-bntldidnot believe in ghosts, and I had never heard of ghoBts turning up in the daylight and looking through people's win dows with no other object than that of annoying those who were inside the room. It was a real annoyanoe, too. It waB a complete distraction from work. I seemed to have nothing else to do but wait for her, but she did not oome again before the blind was down, and I had shut her ugly face out. It waB a relief to me to light the gas; but when I had done work and put away my papers and had my tea-I never indulged iu suppers-I was not quite sure, weary as I was, that I wanted to go to bed. [ turned in early aB a rule, a little after 9 o'clock, and was glad to get another day over; but at 9 o'clock that night I was wide awake and staring. A wild idBa of going for a walk aB far as Shoreditch Church crossed my mind of completely tiring myself out-of slipping into the bar parlour of the Coach and Horses and trying conviviality and four of Scotch of seeing what they were doing at the Standard and the fenny Alhambra just by, which was a flourishing Institution at that time-of going even as far as the Britannia-anything for a change. Then it struck me it might not be a fine night, and that the snow, which had been threatening all day, might have come down with a vengeance since the afternoon. All waB very still in Greenmould-street. I re collected suddenly that I had not heard a footfall for hours, and that it waB probable people were noiselessly slipping paBt the window. Not a cart or cab had gone by: it was unusually and unnaturally still for Greenmould-street after dark. After dark the street generally woke up a great deal. The people in the flats came home and beat their wives, there was plenty of screaming and cries of murder, and boys and girls ran up and down and whooped till supper time. 'Yes, it was unearthly. I went to the winao.w, drew aside the blind, and looked out. I Boon dropped the blind and looked in though. The woman was theie close to me, her miserable countenance only separated from me) by a sheet of window-glass. The blind had been askew after all, and the ob jectionable female was trying hard to peer in and Bee what I was doing now. She waB as startled as I was-and that was re assuring. Ghosts are not likely to bo frightened themselves when taken unawares, although I suppose they muBt be subject to surprises now and then. They can't have it all their own way in churchyards and haunted houses; they mast clash with one another occasionally. At all events, this ghoBt, or this pertl naciouB female, was a bit startled when 1 looked out suddenly. The nose had been flattened against the glaee, and was as white and round at the tip aB a shilling, a sign of real substantiality tbat was reassuring to me, till I thought of burglary. Greenmould-street bote an ugly reputation at the further end, where the lodging-houses were numerous, and Old Dredge was reported to be aB rich as a Jew. Did the nefarious classes think Old Dredge's house was worth breaking into, and was this woman on watch to make sure that there was no one else on the premises but me? Was I taken for Old Dredge himself, and out of the many hundreds who owed my principal a grudge was there one who could not tell the difference between that miserable old man and me ? Fancy being murdered for Old Dredge, and Dredge getting off soot free. Had Dredge, I wondered, been trifling with the aflectionB of this lauthorn-jawed woman in the crape bonnet, and was she waiting to give him a bit of her mind ? It waB soarcely In Dredge's way to be after the girls. Was that woman outside as mad as a hatter, and had she eluded her keeper, and been prospect ing the office as a likely place of refuge ? Or was it some extra impressionable speoimen of the sex who had take a sudden fancy to me, and was mustering up her courage to come for ward ? Not likely this, but then what was likely? Should I be free from her the next day, or was I a haunted man from that time forth? That was the question whioh kept me awake the greater part of the night, disturbed by my own wild speculations, and harassed by all the noises whioh an empty hooae will make after dark. The first and second floors of the honse were to let, I may add, and had been to let for many months. Solomon Dredge had talked more than once of taking the first floor and conetitutine it his home, but he had not been able to beat down the landlord as to the price yet, so he lived still in the Hackney-road, and when a bit poorly, as hereinbefore mentioned, he sought fresh air at Deptford. He never went far out of London because of the expense. I was glad the next day when I reoeived a letter from him by the first post, informing me that he should be at business in the coarse of the morning. I had had no pre vious recollection of being glad to hear that he was coming to the office-it had been always a relief to me to be sure he was going to keep away, bat on this occasion I was positively pleased. I must be getting old and foolish. That Jack-in-the-box woman, combined with the bad night 1 had had, had disturbed my natural composure. To think that a paltry incident like that Bhould have affected me. I could not be qnite well. I would try a tonic or a blood mixture in the evening, if I did not feel any better. Yes, the enow had fallen in the night; it had come down at last, in lumps. Green mould street was choked with snow, an! the; were shovelling it off the roof all the moraine as hard aa tbey could, there being signs oF a rapid thaw to follow. No decent female would come out such a raw and sloppy morning as this. I was aafe from surveillance that day at any rate. Besides, there could not be anypoBsible reason for that woman's coming again. Bat she came. At half-past 11 a.m., when I had got fairly into work-all the ola swing and go of it, to apeak somewhat festively the face reappeared over the blind, and the fishy eyes carefully inspected me and the premises before their owner withdrew. I felt my blood curdling in my veina, I oonld not keep np any longer at this kind of game; this was too muohof a bad thine. I had Been so much of this unhealthy yellow face at the window that it had become quite familiar to me. 1 could have cried oat, " How are yoa this morning, old girl?' had I been younger and intore flippant. In a day or two more posBibly I should look forward to it, saob is the force of habit; but till that time arrived I thought it would be more politic now to look for a policeman. I could not give the woman in charge, because it is not an offence against the law to stare through a window, but 1 could not state the case to the polioe, and ask at the station what was the best thing to be done. If 1 could interview the woman myself, it would be satisfactory. Oat in the street, I should not be afraid of her. And anything was better than these periodio appearances. If I oonld only catoh her t I became strategetic. I put my hat upon a chair hady to seize, and 1 took np my plaoe close to the office door, so that at her reap pearance I could dart into the street. And tailing to get hold of her, I could go on to the Police Station and report that I was haunted. "Now I am ready she will not come," I thought. It was 12 o'clock then, and I had wondered once or twice why Mr. Dredge had not put in an appearance as he.had promised. It was not an hour to be nervous, bat I was. The sun was shining on the snow, and all was brightness and lightness and dampness when the shadow of the woman reached the win dow-paused-and again that familiar crape bedizened head roBe over the blind. Before the woman knew exaotly where I was, I was outBide in the street, and she had only managed to get aa far as two houses further on. Ha! ha! she was mine-mine at last I " Here, I say-what are you up to? What are you dodging about like this for? Per haps you'll explain uow, will you ? Do yoa think I am goiDg to be annoyed in thiB way every day ? Do you want to be locked up t What are you spying on my premises for? What the devil do you want ?" These were only a few of the enquiries I hurled at her. I had no idea I could launch out BO warmly, and exhibit so much spirit and defiance. But my blood was warm, if not coursing through my veins, and I was faoe to face with my tormentor. And she was the weaker veBBel; a very thin, gaunt, half-starved, high-cheekboned female, who had bad yellow jaundice lately and had not got the colonr half out.of her complexion or out of her eyeB, which were not pleasant to confront at she rolled them at me in a half defiant, half-enquiring way. They ain't your premises," she said, in a tone of almost insolent diepargement. " Never mind, I'm in oharge of them, and I'm not going to be worried by you. Von want somebody or something, I suppose ?" "I do." " Oh 1 we're getting to it, are we V' I cried; " who do you want ?*' "Solomon Dredge." "Then why the dickens didn't you come and ask for him yesterday?" " 1 waited long enough for him, didn't I ?" "I could have told yon he wasn't coming*" " I shouldn't have taken yonr word for that." '. Oh, wouldn't yon ? Oh, indeed." " 1 must make sure of him myself, And till I see him with my own eyes I shan't go away. I want him particular, I've come a long way after him. " Oh! indeed," 1 said again, consumed by curioBity now. "From the conntry then?" " From the grave's end; and if you see him before I do tell him I'm coming will you ?" " What-what name shall I say, ma'am ?" " Harriet " All further questions and answers were at the moment unceremoniously cut short by the descent of an avalanche of snow from the houBeroof above; Bomebody cried out, " Below 1" when I was already too much below-knockod for a time out of all sem blance of humanity. My hat-always a size or two too big for me, because I wore all Dredge's "caBt offs," and his head was donderouB-went down to my Bhoulders, and the crape bonnet must have fared but badly. When I had wrenched my hat from eyeB, the women was gone. I had had a dizziness and a swimming, and a scrambling to my feet, and a panting for breath. The Bnowfall had escaped the women, perhaps; at all events, she had escaped me. I did not attempt to follow her. I was too exhausted and knocked about. I raved up at the men on the roof instead, and they bawled down impertinent remarks about my not looking out, and being an old fool, and. blind ana Billy; and presently, humiliated and half cruBhed, I crawled back to the office. I bad hardly settled down-in fact, I had not settled down-when Mr. Solomon Dredge came in. He looked limp and worn himself -a big man suddenly grown flabby. He was himself either, or he wonld have certainly detected that my composure had been seriously disturbed, and that I was " muddly." He eat down before the empty fireplace ana shivered. " Why haven't you got a fire, Gubble?" ha said, reproachfully. " Yon did not leave any orders about a fire, or any money for coals," I added. We had coals in by the hundredweight from the green grooer's higher up the street "¥es. But, good luck, look at the snow 1 he exclaimed; have yoa not noticed the snow, Gubble V' I had noticed the snow. I would tell mm of my accident presently when I felt better. But my head was atill swimming. I had been within an ace of ooncussion on the brain. I was not quite certain, even then, that I was sitting there nnconcuBsed entirely. "They would have trusted us for tbo coals, if yon hadn't got any money," he said, satirically; "our credit's Rood for a hundred weight, ain't it t" "I don't know." . " You don't know what, sir 7 111 say, Mr. Dredge, 1 don't know. Don t suppose I ever shall know, lfs too extra ordinary." "Eh?1 He pnt bis bands on his knees, leaned for ward, and looked hard into my iaoe, " Have yon been drinking?" " I don't drink." "Is anything the matter with you? " I feel just as if my head was ooming OIL Mr. Dredge rose and made at once for the door. "Ont of his mind, by Jingo 1" I beard him say; " great goodness, what's going to happen next? WBS ever a man" " I'm all right, Mr. Dredge. I shall come ronnd in a minute or two. I hare met with an accident, that's all." "Oh! is tbat all!" said my principal, re suming his seat. "What is it? I see you're muddy. Have you been run over ?" "No. I was standing ontslde the door, and they shovelled the snow on to me. Half a ton of it. I daresay; perhaps more." " And what on eartb, sir, did you want outside the house neglecting your business, and leaving the premises in that way ?" he roared out at me. "I was talking to the ghost-the woman the whatever it was. Oh, Lord 1 Hor rible !" Mr. Dredge once more rose, and walked cautiously to the door. "You'd better rest yourself a bit, Gubble. I'll go for a stroll. I shan't be very long," he said. "She's outside," I said; "she wants to see you." " What?" "I wouldn't go out-I really wouldn't, sir. It's you she wants; Bhesaid so." "Whosaid so?" " The woman with the yellow bonnet and crape faoe, the " " Ob, Lord 1 let me get out of this 1" cried my principal; " he's stark and staring 1" "You'd better hear what I've got to say before you go," I said; " it won't take long. She's left something for you.'' Mr. Dredge paused again, andlooked about him. "Left something! Where is it? I don't see anything." "A message." "There really is a woman, then," he said, sternly, " and no nonsense ?" " She has been staring at me over the blind for the last two years-days, 1 mean," "Gubble, you must see a dootor, or Spinks the chemist, say. I wouldn't go on like this -1 wouldn't really," he said, edging himself half into the passage, prepared for immediate flight if I grew dangerous. " I wouldn't say any more juBt now. I have been upset myself -awfully disturbed, and I don't think I can bear any more excitement on an empty stomach. I have not been able to tonch my breakfast, you'll be sorry to hear." "I'm only a bit oonfused, Mr. Dredge. I am coming round all right," I said. "Don't go just yet. You had better have her mes sage." " Out with it then." " Won't you come in again and sit down?" "No. 1 shall stand here for the present. What is the message?" " She said she had come for you." "Come for me?" .Yes." " What kind of woman was she ?" "Tall, very thin-awfully pale and yellow," "Just the party. Where did Bhe come from ?" " From the grave," Bhe said. " Saints preserve us!" " She said that she had come from a very long way after you, and would see you with her own eyes, Such eyes!" " Dash cer eyes! Did she say what her name was, or-or^anything ?" he asked, with biB false teeth chattering in MB head. And false teeth oan chatter when they like. " Harriet 1" "O-ooo-h!" groaned forth my prinoipal, *? It's all true-it's every bit true. You're not mad, and I am-or shall be! Oh I Gabble, I'm the miserablest sinner that ever oum bered thiB mortal earth." " I daresay you are, sir. Bnt what are we to do with this party when she calls again ?" "I don't know-I can't think. I'm a doomed man, I only know that." He walked back to his Beat and began to shiver and moan iu a most depressing way. AB if I had not had enough to lower my system for the reBt of my life already! He was very bad, and as he got worse in mind and body so I got better, I am very thankful to say. When he had become very low and sad, I was as bright as a button. " How long, Gabble, do you think it will be belorethat thing tnrns up again ?" " It may turn up at any moment. You'll see it over the blind first. "Full the cnsBed blind down then, and light the gaa." When I had done so, he drew a black bordered envelope from hfs pocket and passed it over to me. "You remember my nephew. Dion?" he asked. " Perfectly." " Bead that; it's from him." I opened it. "It's short," I eaid, glancing at the few lineB it contained. " And not Bweet," he replied. " Bitter as gall." I read as follows " Porto Rico, West Indies, " Ootober 24,18-. "Sir-My mother died this morning of yellow fever. I don't know whether it will interest you to know this; but she asked me with her last breath to write and tell yon. Her troubles and mine, her struggles and mine, date from your want of charity towards as-your hard-heartedness and oruelty. That she might hannt you for the rest of ner life was her last wish,-Your nephew, DION DBEDGE." " Her name was Harriet Dredge, Gubble," "Ob, dear! Then it is she," I said. "All the way from Porto Kico. Think of it" " What a journey at this time of year." "Gubble, you're a fool." " Yes, sir, I am. I should not have been here if I hadn't been a fool. I know it, Mr. Dredge, too well." " Haven't you an idea ? What's to be done when-when Harriet comes ?" " 1-I should make all the reparation in my iwwer." 1 said; " and if I were in your place, sir. before it ia too late." I was a fool, but I think I saw my chanoe of doing poor Dion a good turn at last. " What do you mean ?" " When Bhe comes," I replied, "couldn't something be done to appease her? Pat Dion's name down in your will, or some thing." "I've made my will," he said; "it's in that safe yonder, and my money goes to the erection of a monument to myself in the market, and to-to-a ward in the hospital a Dredge ward, and so on." " I'm eorry to hear it. If the spirit could have been told that it was all square with young Dion now." " And it was a spirit, Gnbble ?" " Not a doubt of it." "She said she had come from the grave." " Her very words," I said. " When I was struck down she vanished, too." " Gubble, get my will out," he cried, .* I'll add a codicil; I wont be fetched away in this unceremonious manner. Get the will out, will yon ?" He was very excited now, and he Song at me the key, which he had drawn with a shaking hand from the breastpocket of his coat. I was Dot long in finding the will, and placing it npon Old Dredge's desk; bnt be considered the delay tremendous. " 1 never knew any man take such a time over everything as yon do, Gabble," he com plained, as he walked with diffioulty to bis old place. " 1 shall have to make a change here." My news had npBet him considerably. It was strange to see this hard old man frightened, bnt it very much refreshed me. He bad been a big brute all his life, and now he was terribly afraid. It did not take him long to write his codicil; be was well used to that kind of business, and I went round next door and got a neighbour-Wilkins, house deoorator to step in and witneBB Mr. Dredge's signature along with me. Mr. Wilkins was obsequious .and fnll of interest in my principal's ool lapse, bnt Mr. Dredge took very little notice of him. " Dear me, yon do look 'powerful bad, Mr. Dredge. Is there anything else I can do for you? were his last words. " Yes-you can go away,'1 was the un graciouB reply. Mr. Wilkins went home, and my prinoipal and I were left together again, with the will locked up in the safe, and the key back in Mr. Dredge's breastpocket. The excitement over, and the deed done, Mr. Dredge went back to hie chair by the -empty grate, and sat there with his chin on bis chest, and bis hands in his trousers pockets, " Do yon think It's worth while waiting for her, sir," I ventured to suggest, after half an hour or BO. "Better have it out," be muttered, as though he were talking of a tooth. " Perhaps she won't come now she knows -for of course she knows-what you have done." " All the better." '. And if yon went home" \- " Mr. Gnbble, if you think I am going to bave an interview alone with the ghost of Harriet Dredge you were never more mis taken in your life," he said impressively. " She's taken you into her confidence, and I will not see her without a witness." " A witness is always as well," I said; " it's" Conversation was cut short by a heavy tbump on the knocker of the street door, which brought the heart-or the wind-into the throat of Mr. Dredge, and nearly ohoked him. " It's come," I said. "Let it come," groaned Dredge. "Pall the chain, can't youf' " It may be a client," I said, pulling the chain aB he requested, and opening the street door; " but I fancy it's Harriet." I Bat staring at the office door, and my hair began tingling at the roots again. I thought I bad got rid of my nervousness, and had transferred it to Mr. Dredge, nntil those few harrowing seconds of watching and waiting. The office door slowly opened, and Harriet glided in. She looked more ghastly than ever, for there was something white over ber forehead and under her unbecoming orape bonnet that added materially to her hideousness of aBpeot. A cere oloth probably. Ghosts do wear them. " Oh! you are here at last, Mr. Dredge," Harriet said; " I am so mighty glad to get eight of you again." Mr. Dredge looked from the corner of one eye at Harriet, and then turned round slowly and faced the speaker. " How are yon, Mrs. Tanks ?" he said in the most matter-of-fact tones. " I'm pretty well, sir, thank you, barring a blow I jest got that sent me clean off to the hospital to get my head dressed." "Fighting?" " No, Bir, not fighting; but " " Mrs. Tanks, I'm pressed for timein terrupted my prinoipal;" I expect somebody shortly here. What is it you want?" " Oh! that huBband of mine, sir." " Eh, what in trouble again ?" "Yes; they've oaughtbim, just as we had both settled down comfortable like at Gravesend; and he's afraid it will go hard with him." "Is it that burglary case, Tottenham?" " That's it. Mr. Dredge." " Hum, a bad case, and they've got him?" "Oh, fast enough," said Mrs. Tanks, "and he Bays to me, old gal," says he, " see Mr. Dredge as soon as you oan, end ask him to do his best for us again, as we're reg'lar cus tomers. &nd; tell him everything, and nobody else but him, mind'; and so I've been awaitin' and awaitin' till I thought I should have dropped off my blessed legs into the gutter. You'll pull him through, Mr. Dredge, won't you now ?" " I'll do my very best." " It'll go hard with him if you doesn't." "It will indeed. Take a chair, Mrs. Tanks," he said, in his old, business-like way, "and let me understand the precise state of the matter. The Tottenham burg lary, eh? dear, dear, we shall want a lot of witnesses. Mr. Gubble, will you go on with that draft, if you please ?" I went on with my work very slowly, keeping an eye upon the two of them as they sat and talked inj whispers by the hreplaoe. I had heard of Mrs. Tanks. I knew many of the Tank cases, but had never seen her before. Once npon a time the Tanks had been in prosperous circumstances-had kept a pony trap, and had always sent for Mir. Dredge when any difficulty arose. And Mr. Dredge bad made money out of their diffi culties. He was making money now. I heard the chink of it as a little canvas bag was passed over to him for payment in advance for services to be rendered presently at Police Courts and Central Criminal. He was in his element, and had forgotten his past fears. Not for a Bingle instant did he connect this woman with the ghost that I fanoied I had been haunted by, and it came to my mind that I would never undeceive him. It could not do him any harm, and it might do bis nephew Dion a great deal of good. I went on writing, and they went on whispering for a quarter of an hour, and then Mrs. Tank took ner departure with a dis paraging glance towards myself-a man in whom she bad not evidently one atom's worth of faith. "A good caBe-extremely so, Gubble," Mr. Dredge said when she had gone; " but I shall be glad to be quit of these sort of things now. They're too risky, and I'm getting too old for them. I used to enjoy them very much, and they were always very profitable. What a splitting headache I have got to be sure!" He sat rubbing bis temples for a time. Presently he relapsed into his old hunched-up attitude, and'groaned out "Harriet Dredge is a long time coming. Gubble," " She is." "Sou really do think that if she is appeased she may not come at all? You have not said all that to cheer me up ?" " Certainly not, sir. What has she to come for now?" _ " That's just what I was thinking myself. What's she to oome for ?" He put on his bat and walked up and down the room to keep himself warm. "I shan't wait any longer. I shall go home to bed." " Very well, Bir." "I am downright ill, Gabble." " Very well, eir-I mean very sorry, sir." "It is possible Harriet Dredge does not know my Hackney address. That's why she looks in here." "Yes, she does look in." "And if it oomea again, take a cab and bring it with yon-or something. I'd rather not see it alone, mind. Good day." Yes, it was his torn to be a little incoherent now, but I did not commentlupon bis wander ing. Let him keep his faith and his fears, it would be better for Dion Dredge out in Porto Eico. I should not say anything more myBelf unlets he pressed me very hard. Then I shonld stick to the ghost. Solomon Dredge never came back to the offioe. He was too ill next day to move, and two weeks afterwards I was telegraphing to hiB nephew Dion three words, at nine-and Bixpence a word '? Come at once." Mr. Dredge did not want him to come even then, bntl thought it was best that Dion Bhould be on the Bpot in case of accident. Old Dredge would have altered his will even at the eleventh hour bad he not believed that the office in tireenmould- street had been haunted by Harriet. And so he died peace fully and respectably, and I kept the truth of it all to myself till Dion came, and then I told him, "Thank you, old ican," he said, "I shan't forget you for this," And he did not, which was very kind of him. He was the best of a bad bunch, was Dion Dredge. 