the Curtain. Hiss Eztitt itsLViLLE and her company hare 600rt-d another success bj the production, at tho Theatre Royal, of "Fanohon," a lively and interesting dramatic adaptation of one of George Sands* a engaging stories. An entirely new faroical comedy, entitled " The Amazon, and which 1b described as irresistibly mirth pro vokibg, is announced as to succeed "Fan chon" on Saturday (this) evening. AT the Gaiety, " Maritana" has been pleasantly produced by Mr. James MacMahon's company, Miss Plaisted, Miss Lambert, and Mr. Harding particularly distinguishing them selves by the excellence of their respective per* formanccs. Wallace's lovely work made way, on Thursday evening, for a revival of " The Mikado," with the reproduction of which the opera season concludes to-night. PROFESSOR ANDKBSOX, tho world-famed "Wizard of tho North, accompanied by Mrs. Anderson, commences a season of his extra ordinary performances on Monday evening at the Gaiety. THE Musical Union is rehearsing portions of the " Messiah" and a new sacred cantata en titled the "Holy City" for their Christmas programme. THE Liedertafel are also actively engaged in rehearsing for their next concert. BILLY BABLOW has been occasioning a con siderable amount of excitement at Cairns. THE Philharmonic Society concert at Rock hampton on October 18 was musically a success, but the attendance was small, although an excellent programme had been arranged. THE Charters Towers Musical Union is assiduously practising "Tho Seasons." THE Lowther Comedy and Variety Company, after doing good business in the western town ships, was last heard of at Roma. THE second concert by the "Wide Bay Musical Union was very successfully given on October 21. THE rehearsal of Mr. Nesbitt's jubilee ode by Toowoomba choirs is proceeding most satis factorily. On Tuesday night, October 18, there was a practice which justified competent judges in forming the opinion that tho ode ere long will be produced in this town far better than it was in Brisbane. New SOUTH WALES.-" Harbour Lights " is in the third week of its production at the Theatre Royal, Sydney. The last nights are announced of " Called Back" at Her Majesty's Theatre, this play being succeeded by " Held by the Enemy." " Much Ado about Nothing " has proved another emphatic success, as played by the Hollo way-Jenyns Company, at tho Criterion. The last four nights of " Brighton" at the Opera House commenced on Monday. "MY. Dampier is producing " Post Obit" at the Gaiety, with "Othello" as the Friday evening bill. Madame Schiller continues to give her concerts at the Y.M.C.A. hall, and Pain's fireworks attract thousands to the domain. Amy Sherwin was at Maitlandon Thursday night. Seville's Jubilee "Minstrel Company is at Silverton. Darcy Read's ghost i6 in the Wallsend district. Grattan Riggs has been taken seriously ill, and Mr. Charles MacMahon has had to disband his company until his star recovers. Hard upon all parties, since a three months' tour was projected. Mr. Nelson Decker, accompanied by his manager, Mr. W. Jenkins, has arrived in Sydney from Melbourne bv the steamship Barrabool with tho whole of the scenery and properties of the London suc cess, " Held by the Enemy." The piece will shortly be produced, under the direction of Mewers. Rijrnold and Allison, at Her Majesty's Theatre. Some little anxiety was felt by that firm, as they had telegraphed^ to Mr. Jenkins to come by the steamship Cheviot; but, in con sequence of having previously arranged to leave by the Barrabool, he had the good fortune to miss the wreck. VICTOEIA.-"Romeo and Julist" (" I Capu letti ed I Montecchi") his been the great attraction offered by tho Italian Opera Company at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, this week, .the other productions being " Un Ballo," " Lucrezia," and " La Sonnambula," Mr. Frank M. Clark's AU Stir Novelty Combina tion commenced what promises to be a.success ful season at tho Opera House on Saturday evening. "La Fille du Tambour Major" was finally produced at the Princess last night, mid this evening "La Mascotte," with Miss Maggie Moore as Bettina, is to bo revived. " Modern Wives" is as popular as ever at the Bijou. Fisk Jubilee Singers are at the Town Hall. Brock's fireworks are being displayed in Melbourne. Mr. George Musgrove (of Messrs. "Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove), hay eniraged Mr. Cbades "Warner, the well-known aetor, who will open io Melbourne in February. He has also engaged Mr. Alfred Cellier, the eminent composer, who will arrive in Sydney in December. SOUTH AUSTEAXIA.-Tommy Hudson and his company continuo to enjov excellent business at Garner's Theatre, Adelaide. TASMANIA.-Tho Hugo Min*trele, at the con clusion of their present New Zealand tour, will visit Tasmania. NEW ZEAI*«?d.-The death of Mrs. Lachlan M'Gowan, tho wife of the well-known com edian of that name, is reported from^Ncw Zea land. Goorgie Smithbon is playing "The Female Detective" in Auckland., Locke Richardson opens in New Zealand about the 15th November. The Lynches are at Blenheim, New Zealand. Johnny Hall closcd a success ful Wellington season last week. Bland nolt opened with " Alone in London" at Dunediu, on Thursday night, October 20. J. R. ROGERS was dated to commence a 22 weeks* American season with "My Sweet heart " company on October 10. ! Gilukut and Sullivan arc engaged in sketch ing out a comic opera on the subject of the WiM West willi Buffalo Bill and his English fcuwcco*. Stat London theatres are leased or managed by women. ' ;: A PLAN has "been broached in Buda-Pesln of insurance for players, BttGfc aa. exists on some lines for railway travelling. THE original scoro of Mozart's "Don Gio vanni" is in the possession of tho once famous vocalist Madame Viardot Garcia, who now re sides in Paris. Miss NELLIE FARREN, an English burlesque actress of considerable talent, and Mr. Fred. Leslie, an actor who has distinguished himself in regular comedy and in comic opera, are about to visit Australia. J. K. ESDIBTT says he is going to mate a tour of th* English-speaking countries of Europe next summer, and when he goes back he will have something better for America tnaii ho has had yet. FLESHNB Nostox is appearing at the London Pavilion, not in his usual "Picnic Portraits, but in some new vocal sketches of character | written expressly for this, his first appearance on-the music hail stage. MBS. SHELLY'S gTim story of "iJranken : stein," a work which thrilled a past generation 1 of romance readers, but which at the present i day is oftener mentioned than road-is to j supply the basis of a burlesque at the Gaiety | Theatre, London. A FBBXCH version of "The Shadows of a j Great City," a piece with which the Australian. ! publio have been for some time acquainted, and i which is now drawing large houses at the ! Princess1 s, London, will soon be produced on ft | Parisian stage. MINNIE PAX&CEB;, who, with her husband and manager, John R. Rogers, has been resting in San Francisco, will play a short engagement of two weeks at the Bush street Theatre before she goes to Xcw York, opening in "Pert and Her Stepmother." AT/TPK" HENNEQUIN, the author of "lies Dominos Roses," and "Le Proces_V^-Tura dieux" (which, under tho titles of Dominos and "The Great Divorce Case, are familiar to British' playgoers), is dead,1 after passing the last year of his life in a lunatic asylum. , "SHE," which is now in its sixth:week* at the Tivoli Theatre, San Francisco, bids fair;to rival the famous " Satanella." It is,a matter; of some difficulty to getagoodseat by 8 o'clock, and " Have you seen *She?* " is about - as common a question as " Have you read'1 Allen Quartermain V " " THE LIFE OF QUIN," a book much prized by lovers of theatrical biography, but which has long been out of print, is about to be re published with an etched facsimile of the por trait of the celebrated actor, and many addi tional anecdotes respecting him and his con temporaries. Quln's career may^ be said to connect the age of Betterton with that of Garrick. DION BOXTCICAULT, who, with his handsome wife, Miss Thorndyke, has been a frequent observer of Harrigan's transplanted. Irishmen at tho Bush street Theatro, has his new Irish play in good shape to follow " The Jilt,'^in which ho succeeds tho Dalys at the Baldwin. By the way, several people have mistaken his bushy silver locks and pale face for the ghost of Hon. Philip A. Roach, whom he closely resembles. BOH PEDEO, the Emperor of Brazil, is a bit of a humourist. Recently in Paris he was asked by a member of the institute to bestow a decoration on a certain young musician, whose taste for regular ablutions ana clean linen was not, it seems, by any means, commensurate with his devotion to art. 1'Were I an English monarch," remarked his Majesty, " this would bo a simple matter. I would give the gentleman the Oraer of tho Bath.' MR. PALGEAVE SDITSON, author of some 60 piece*, original and adapted-among the latter it included the well-known little comedy of " A Scrap of Paper"-died lately in London in his S3rd year. Mr. Simpson was an inde fatigable " first nightcr," and was said to have witnessed every new production for more than half a century. On matters relating to tho history of the British stage he was considered as a " book in breeches." DION BOCCXGAULT tmq contributed an arttclo on Irving and Coquelin to tho Xorth ^American 2tevieios apropos to the recent discussion between the English and tho French actor respecting the true methods of histrionic art. In his articles, Bouctcult takes occasion to express tho opinion that Irving has not tho gifts of a genuine tragedian, but that he is essentially a character actor, in proof of which contention ho cites the fact of Irving being as successful in Jeremy Diddler as in Louis XI. By tho 6atnc method of reasoning, the claims of Garrick might be disputed. His acting in the low comedy part of Scrub is said to have been as pcrfect in its way as his performance of Hamlet or Lear. 