ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. A SPEAKING STONE "That should move [BY AD-ORIGINAL.] The very stones of Borne to mutiny." — Julius Cfpsar. " It was derided at the last Council meeting of tlie 'JlenelK Corporation to cut away the face o: the Institute foundation-stone and let in a marble slab bearing the inscription—' Olenele Town Hall, 1887. W. F. Stocfc, Mayor.' This ha* now been done, and the name of the layer of the original stone, Sir Henry Ayerf, is no longer to be seen there. This action has resulted in severe criticism on the part of some UUnelg resident", wlio think tbi", sir Henry's name should not have been eraj- I."— Register. In ancient days, the record siys, Idolaters were knnwn To Lew in awe befure their lw, And worship Stock and Stone ! But that old creed has hid indeed So terrible a shock. They won't agree to worship me; They only worship Stock. To those old men were equal then Both mine and Stock'* degree. They rendered both, with nothing lotb, Ihe due idolatry; Now I'm displaced and sore disgraced (Ah, what a nasty knock !); I have to do him homage to?, For stone now praises Stock. Why this should be's a mystery ; For all that now is known Of law or order came through me, On tables made of btone. Mv rival once obeyed my will, And held by chains and locks. Fools wbo were handed on f jr the Correction of the Stocks. But now men quite the law by rote; My day of power is past, I can't expect the least respect From each iconoclast. And e'en my qniet, polished Ayert They now presume to mock. For they distract attention from Ihe glory due to Stock ! Alas! I now cry " Ichabod !" He's run me off the course I Glenelg prefers the other god ! The Mayor's the better horse ! You'd think him safe to land your bet, tee that slim, shapely hock ! Bold fast! the Bay may pass bim yet, Although he's splendid Stock ! But idle 'tis for mc to talk And idler still to worry, For he it is must be the hawk, And I must be the quarry ; Ah, ye?, his Stocking i! !)-horse I'll be! And now my tale I'll dock, And put a bridle on my rhyme Ere I exhaust my Stock ! 0 witch of Endor ! Cradock ghost! Tour visits are not vain ! Let not this glorious chance be lost 1 " Do right between ns twain 1" Ob, call op Michael Angelo, For be and he alone Can join us both. The people then Could worship Stock in Stone ! "The seal of owners of old curios who wish to assist the Relic Committee in making the old colonists' conrt attractive is worthy of the cause," says Hugh Kalyptus. " The other day a communication was received from a well-meaning* pioneer op-country to the effect that he had a ballock-dray identified with early history of the colony, and •would be happy to lend it for exhibition in the old colonists' court if asked. Now, this was a very good, kind offer, and might have been accepted if the old colonists' court "were a little larger than the bullockdray, but as it is not there would be no room to put this ancienlr conveyance. The relic would have been more interesting if the identical bullocks of fifty years ago, the pioneer Poleys, Boxers, Gingers, and Blackies could have been sent with it. Bythe-way, bullockdrays in the pioneer times had a certain standing; they were the carriages in which the luxurious early colonists went to weddings, took their friends for a drive, and used to go to Church in, even if the dray did not serve as a pulpit for the pioneer parson. Here is a sequel to the paragraph about the eccentric old newspaper runner "Admiral" Ben Payne, wto, with his " Gothic steed" and Smith- field cattle-dog, established himself as an identity in the early days of the Register, A correspondent tells us that the dog, which was as much a character as his master, fell from the path of virtue and stole a leg of mutton from a man named C&thrie;, who •hot him near a paling fence on the road to Enfield. The old Admiral once fell over the embankment of the river while absorbed in reckoning np his day's business transactions on his fingers. 