OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. . Friday. If it happens to be - your " call" in life to watch politics and journalism pretty closely, you will find that each week generally has its particular peg. On this peg speeches are frothed and articles written ; the result usually being that public opinion is astir for the time, and then the matter dies oat and nobody thinks anv the more of it. Owing to this peculiarity of the public mind, some odd incidents transpire. Thi3 week the Education Act has been the peg. Mr Patterson's speech stirred t.he skim on the surface; the " Daily Telegraph" fulminated forth an article on the expur gation of the " Royal Readers" used in State-schools, trouncing the Professor soundly therefor ; and, lo, it turned out that the expurgation was two years old, and had been completed when Hr Gillies, with that happy facility he has for running departments on autocratic, aristocratic principles, was running education and a few other departments. Hiimcmum est errare — which applies to journalists as well as the open-column letter writer, ye ken. The world knows little of the workers who contribute much to its pleasure ; but as transference from the single to the married state is to a great extent a metamorphosis, a casting away of the chrysalis bask and development into a new and matured condition, I trust it may no? be deemed an intrusion upon the privacy of domestic life if I offer here — -as a valueless wedding gift — a tribute to Miss Grace Damns, whose marriage has been announced this week: Under a signature well known to all literatenrs and journalists, tihisyoung lady has for many years contributed to the " Herald," " World," and other journals, an immense number of papers npon society and fashion, the tone and style of which were as graceful as her name. Tn the army of literary workers she has always commanded the esteem of the whole soldiery; her light and graceful pen h is given pleasure to thousands ; and I believe I speak the feelings of all who have had the pleasure of her acquaintance, or who have profited or been enter tained by the products of her facile pen, in proffering her the heartiest felicitations, which are only dimmed by the regret that the newer duties of domestic life will probably deprive us in the future of the pleasure Gf reading some of the most pleasant and most tasteful criticisms on dress, fashion and society that have been penned in the colonies. Alas for the eyesight of Messrs Patterson and McLellan, which has been affected by the present carpet of the Assembly Chamber, and concerning which they have complained to the Speaker through the Sergeant-at-arms. It is not often that Mr Palmer addresses the House, and many believed that his long, tender and raverentcare of the gilded bauble had made him dumb from his devout- appreciation nE its wonderful mystery. Poor Assembly Chamber, which won't ventilate, and whose very carpet offends. One could fancy Mr Patterson heading a brigade of Highland gillies in a des perate charge, or Mr McLellan mowing off the heads of thistles with a claymore ; bnt who conld hftve imagined that deep within their inner consciousness each possessed an Oscar Wilde-like devotion to aesthetic- ism, which was horrified at inharmony of color ? As a hint, how wonld it be in summer-time if the Chamber was carpeted after the pattern of the Zoxian waistcoat ? Does it not sometimes strike you that our Governor is frequently called upon to pay somewhat dearly, and somewhat unfairly, for the privilege of living in that hnge palace, evolved out of the genius of Mr Wardell, who has given Victoria more ugly buildings than any architect of his generation. Because Government House is roomy, all the wealthy and titled globe-trotters who come out for pleasure to spy the fatness of our land appear to regard Government House as their hotel, and the drain upon His Excellency's hospitality is al most incessant. When people in ordinary life accept a friend's hospitality and the shadow of bis roof-tree, they generally consider it incumbent npon them to requite their entertainment in some fashion by making little gifts to the children, or purchns'ng a jewel for the mistress: of the m-n-ion. But His Ex cellency is p-ohib t d by the regula tions of the Colonial Office-— which bind him as fast as they would a simple clerk — from accepting presents, either for himself, or indirectly, through members of his family, and, con sequently, be suffers, by having to bestow most generous hospitality for which ho return can be made. In Syd ney, where the accommodation at Go vernment Honse is limited, distinguished visitors cannot be entertained, and have consequently to put up at the pnblic clubs or hotels : but our huge barrack- like edifice invites guests, and His Ex cellency is so generous in extending his invitations to globe-trotters that the annual payment made to him by the colony is not nearly such a good thing as it appears to be. The extraordinary attention the public have bestowed npon the relations sup posed to exist between the late Miss Laura Swain and Captain Moore are, I confess, to me as much a puzzle as the phenom6nl attendance at football matches. Why some ; twenty or thirty thousand people should go down on a Sunday to view what the papers call the " scene of of the tragedy" — borne up, I suppose, by the hope they might witness tbe spec tacle of the gruesome body of the poor girl lugged out of the river—is to me inexplicable/ and seems to be prompted by a marbid land unhealthy cariosity ; for such tragedies — though in humble life are enacted almost every week. Bnt the undue attention" paid to this case may have one good result : It will teach people in decent positions not to die vio lent deaths, lest they may form matter for the nine days' prurient curiosity of gobe- mouehes. i " : . Your, readers will remember that, a or two back, I mentioned that in all probability a detective would be sent, or rather had been sent; to San Francisco, to brimg back Staurenghi, the woolbroker, of Geelong,; who is wanted for forgery. One or two of your contemporaries ex press, id some deubt on the subject. But my information has been born6 out to the full, as: the cable news has been received that Staurenghi had been arrested - on the Pacific Slope. Now be will be brought back, and some peculiar revelations will be made. It is not, perhaps, generally known that for two or three ; weeks before Staurenghi's dis appearance he was " Bhadowed" by a private 'detective. At that time Staurenghi had1 received word that funds the tune of a thousaud pounds were required to meet certain bills. He then explained that nnless the detective were taken off, he had no chance of com municating with his friends. Ultimately this was done, and Staurenghi then " skipped. The case is about one of the most sensational we have yet had in the colony, and that is saying a great deal in these days of ultra-sensation. Just now onr borse-lovers are going through a course of lessons at the hands of a " Professor " who certainly seems to have the business at his fingers' ends. Up to the present, he has not failed to break in, some especially, unruly animals. In one branch he is especially good, Damely, in curing jibbers. Now, if there is one failing. more than any other that is trying to the nerves of timid and inexperienced drivers, it is that of jibbing. And, as a rule, the perverse beabt appears to know as well as anyone itlself that be has all the best of the situation. He is deaf to all persuasion, and won't budge an inch. Than cornea a timid application of the whip, followed by an exhibition of kicking that wonld noc sname a Mexican mule, men tne driver becomes hot and cold by toras, and at last, in a perfect tremor, alights, and . proceeds to lead tbe refractory brute, the latter all the time proving that he is having all the best of it. Now, if Professor Leger earned the sympathy of the people for nothing eke, be would for teaching people how to break a jibbing horse. . But in other direc tions, also, bis instruction is especially valuable in a country like this, where horse-flesh ia in so much use. That many people think so is evidenced by the number of " wicked" horses being sent to the metropolis from all parts of the colony. So, after all, the indications are that we are not to have a " Daily Hausard," at least for a very long time. I am aware that the Government are to be asked to give effect to the wishes of hon. members in this particular direc tion, and that if they decline a stir will be made in the matter. But the Govern ment can afford to smile at this latter threat. There are so many important questions just now before the House that, any agitation on such a matter as a " Daily Hansard " is not likely to carry much weight. Besides, it iB not certain that the pnblic are not fully satisfied with the present system of Parliamentary reporting. For my own part, I should think there are very few citizens who wonld be daring enough to wade through many of the verbatim speeches, " full of wind and fary, bat signifying nothing," with which the time of the country has been wasted of late in its legislational halls. Taking things altogether, I am inclined to think certain country members will have to " wait a little longer" to sea themselves " fully and correctlv re ported." Some of tbe Carlton residents are still by no means satisfied with the manner in which the White-O'Donnell case has been virtually shelved. It will be remembered that it was indisputably proved that Detective O'Donnell bad acted in a very high-banded manner, to say the least of it, in the steps be took to effect the arrest of the Wbi'e Brothers. An appeal was made to the Chief Secretary, but without any practical effect, other than a mild caution to O'Donnell. But matters are not to be allowed to rest here, and the whole caBe is to be brought before the House, with the view of obtaiuiug substantial redress for the ill-used Whites, As I predicted would ha the case, one of our theatrical companies has coma suddenly to a stop. For the last week or two, the " ghost" has been so totter ing on its pins, that at length it found itself unable to " walk" another step, and the theatre, as far as that company wa3 concerned, "sported its oak." This is the more to be regretted, as the com pany in question had given ns some of the clever old comedies, such as "London Assurance," "Masks and Faces" and had n reh=arsal " School for Scandal." But times have been hard in the amusement world lately. Another item of news is that Messrs Brongh aud Boncicauit are to take the Bijou, though not without some trouble, as I hear the snmmary ejectment of tho last tenants is likely to be productive of litigation. In the musical way, it is to be noted that M?gq Gracie Plaisted has purchased tbe right to play the " Mikado," and will open next month in Brisbane. Miss Plaisted should make a dainty little Yum- Yum, and Mr Harding a capable Nanki Poo, By-the-bye, it is rumored that an Aus tralian manager, who is paying America a visit just at present, has succeeded in engaging some first-class artists, both " legitimate" and " variety." We are beginning to speculate as to how long it will be before Fiji has her wish, and becomes annexed to Victoria. That the " Fijians" themselves are anxious to a degree to have it so is evi denced by the vigorous action they ara taking. From a private source I learn that farther meetings have been held, and that delegates have been appointed to present petitions to the Victorian As sembly at an early date. Is this the first step iD the larger federation of the Australian colonies, about which we heard so much recently ? That the an nexation will prove of incalculable advantage to the Fijians themselves cannot be doubted. For years tbe pro gress of the islands has been clogged by the fact that they, have been numbered among tbe " Grown" colonies, with all tbesystem of bad, government pertaining thereto. It will only remain for Vic toria to discover whether She gain will ba reciprocal. It is well known that tbe Fiji.s are rich in natural products, and that the inhabitants declare that all that is wanted is Victorian capital and enterprise to make, them a very valuable acquisition. -Bat concerning these mat- tar- wo shall: learn more when the deputies arrive. 