"I hear his horse's step ! He will be here in five minutes." ME RLIN CA ST LE. (A Legend of the Hundred-Mile Scrub. ) PART III. EXTRACT FROM ADAM LYNDSAY'S JOURNAL. " Survey Camp,'' Tuesday, Nov. 17th. 1 HAVE got my letters, Lucy. That idiot, North, after running in all directions, north, south, east, and west, to find a place which lay straight before him, gave up the search for Lestrange's house and went back to the camp. I came in myself this evening, and, as I said, I have got my letters, all yourB from home and one other. And, would to Heaven that other had never reached me or that it had come one little week ago. Eva Meredith has written to me at last. I thought that episode in my life was past and done with, but she has put her pride, her hurt dignity or wounded love, or what you will, on one side and writes to break my heart. It had never occurred to her to doubt me, but her aunt and cousins, who always hated me, raked up some pre- posterous Oxford story, and dispatched one of their precious family to Castlereagh, ready primed with a lie just sufficiently tinged with truth to make it plausible. I was kept in the country by floods, and she, poor child, almost alone in a strange Australian town", tormented by insulting letters, importuned by her plausible cousin, and unable to hear a word of me, met me at last with a cold contemptuous offer to set me free from what was becoming an intolerable burden to us both. So she said, and I, like a fool, took her at her word, and after a fruitless attempt to break my neck down a shaft, and a narrow shave of giving up the ghost in typhoid fever, came here to the Hundred-Mile Scrub to see if solitude and hard work would kill or cure me. And now she finds out that she has been deceived, that I am not quite so iniquitous as those virtuous back- biters have represented me, and she writes, poor darling, to beg my pardon. I hear, too, from you and from Val that she has been ill, and is ill now, that you are sure she is fretting herself to death in Castlereagh. Miserable wretch that I am, what can I say to comfort her 1 Tell her 1 love her with all my heart, but that I am engaged to marry someone else. Lucy, I am sick of this hideous engagement, and this hateful ring, the badge of my infatuation and slavery. I find myself shivering as I look at it, and think of the woman who is to be my wife. Do you remember the French story of the man who found he had married a demon in the shape of a marble statue and was crushed to death for his pains 1 The idea, I believe is as old as Jack the Giant Killer, or let us say, the Sphynx and her riddle. Oh ! Lucy, if you were but here ! Though how you could help us it would puzzle anyone to say. " Lc vin est tiré, il fait le boire." All the sweet proverbs which bid us remember that consequences are pitiless keep ringing in my ears. How can I face the future 1 But what right have I to torture you in this way in the midst of your own happiness ? So you and Val are to be married in April. My dear sister, you well deserve to be happy ; all the best wishes in the world to you both. If Eva had remained with Val instead of going to the Hepburns, we might have looked forward to a double wedding. And now she is pining in Castlereagh and I am writing reams of egotistical ravings in the depths of an Australian gully. If I could but know that Eva was not to suffer, 1 think I could bear what- ever falls to my own lot as the just punishment of my weakness and folly. So I feel now at least, but I could be assured that I must marry Sophia and that Eva will forget me and transfer her love to someone else, how could I bear it? The very thought makes me mad One weak brain cannot stand all this. We call ourselves responsible agents, and prate about freewill and the dignity of human nature, and our will gives way before the least resistance, and our dignity makes a very sorry figure when it is dragged into the broad light of day. I am going to Bee Sophia, for see her I must, though I have not the faintest idea what I can say to her when I do see her, unless indeed I may chance to be as lucky or unlucky as North, and roam to and fro between all the points of the compass without finding Domus Ultima. Pshaw ! what nonsense am I writing 1 And yet North is a capital bushman, one to whom it is almost impossible to miss his way. He stoutly declares that if there was any house where I describe it he must have seen it, but he is inclined to be superstitious, as most men are in this cheerful scrub. I am not quite mad yet, Lucy ; I do not suppose that I shall fail to find the house, for has not Sophia herself told me that nothing . can come between us while I hold her Egyptian ring, and that I. can never cease to hold it until she herself takes it from me. So I shall gain or lose nothing by throwing it into the nearest pool. And of course I am bound to her in honour. We keep honour more or less with our fellow-creatures, but if old stories be true the very saints held themselves free to cheat the devil and his myrmidons. I am no saint, God knows, and Sophia is Sophia and not an imp of darkness, and all this is the merest nonsense. Shall I put it behind the fire or send it to you ? I think I will send, so that whatever happens you may feel some pity for me, that is supposing I am not already beyond the reach of pity or of prayers. They have brought me my horse, and I am going to Domus Ultima. 