CHILDREiVS COLUMN. MARJORY GRANT'S PROTEGE- ILLIE did not cry, or even seem to dream J| of crying ; be only opened and shut bis w£m ue eyes very often, and bis ruddy VJ flip l< cheeks got a trifle ruddier, while Marjory j tremoiea with anger, which, however, sue bad the prudence to remember she had better not express. 4 Good morning, Mrs. Lowry,' she said as pleasantly as she could. 4 I have brought you two little frocks for Beenie and Bettie this was a stroke of policy of the wily Mrs. Grant, and here are some sweeties for them. What big girls they are growing, Mrs. Lowry 1' said Marjory. 4 Big enough to be a bother, Miss,' was the reply in a slightly mollified voice, as she tested the quality of the little frocks between her moist, steaming, coddled fingers, and found it good. 4 And that little idle rascal there jist gars them get into mischief, so he does ; I'm fair moithered with them.' 4 Oh well, Mrs. Lowry,' then said the astute Mar jory, 4 I'm sure you will be pleased to hear that I want to take Willie off your hands for at least an hour every day. I'll teach him his lessons if you'll let him come, and there'll be at least one less for you to look after.' Nothing would have induced sulky Mrs. Lowry to say that Willie was too useful to her to be spared, besides she did not wish to offend the 4 leddies at the big hoose,' toward whom her gratitude took the common form of a deep sense of favours to come, so with an ill- grace she agreed that Willie should daily attend Mar jory's private class of one, every morning at 10 o'clock. So Marjory departed happy, and next morning began her school. On fine days she chose for the professorial chair the front door steps, that lay wide, smooth, and warm in the summer sunshine, but if the weather would not allow of such 44 al fresco " teaching, Willie was admitted to the sacred precincts of the housekeeper's room. Marjory found him a most intelligent, eager little pupil, and was amazed at the rapidity with which he mastered the mysteries of the alphabet, which he re peated with such an energetic shout that every letter became a dissyllable in his mouth — 44 A — er, B -er C — er,' and so on to 4 Z — er.' The first day of lessons Marjory told him she was so pleased with him for being good and attentive that she was going to give him a bread and jam prize, but though his broad honest face beamed with smiles as he took the great slice of bread, liberally spread with fragrant raspberry jam, he never offered to eat it. 4 Well, Willie, what's the matter ?' said Marjory ; 4 don't you like it ?' 4 Oo, ay, mem, I like it fine, but I'm bidin' for Beenie and Betty, mem,' replied he. Anxious to see what he would do with it, Marjory followed him down the shrubbery, midway through which she saw him begin to trot as fast as his little bare feet could carry him, to meet his two unprepossess ing nurslings, who were stumping solidly together along the path to meet him. 4 Hey, Beenie, wumman, hey, Betty, wumman,' cried he, 4 siccan a fine jelly piece as I've got to us a',' and holding out his dainty, he made one solemn infant and then the other take a big bite, and then, and not till then, did he take one himself. 4 He is a little hero,' thought Marjory to herself. 4 Who could have looked for such generosity, such self- denial, in an ignorant, ill- used, untaught little fellow like Willie ? I wonder if I shall teach him anything better,' thought she. 4 Mother,' she said when she got home, 4cook is quite right. That is a fine bairn, and a real fine bairn. I will be proud of my pupil, you will see, when he grows a man.' After Marjory had got him through his alphabet, she bethought her it was time she began some moral and religious instruction. Bo there came a day when the last 4 z — er ' having been vigorously shouted, she asked him : 4 Willie, did you ever hear of God ?' 4 Na, mem.' 4 Or of Heaven ?' 4 Na, mem.' 4 Did you ever hear of the devil, Willie ?' 4 Oo, ay, mem, he's an awfu' big, black mon.' This on examination proved to be the extent of Willie's religious knowledge. Marjory's first efforts with him were scarcely encouraging. Having endeavoured to impress on him such ele mentary truths as that God made him, the heavens, the earth, and the sea and 4 all that in them is,' Willie made great round eyes of wonder at her and exclaimed : 4 My ! mem, God must be an awfu' big mon ! What a sight o' porridge he maun sup !' 4 0, Willie !' Marjory hastened to explain,, 4 God is not a man, and He never sups porridge.' An expression of profound compassion passed over his little puzzled face, and with a sigh he said : 4 Hech ! puir mon, he must weary for his porridge.' Marjory thought she had better hazard no more ex planations, so she proceeded to tell Willie how God took care of him and of everybody, and watched over us all, and kept us from harm. 4 And wha watches over us when God sleeps, mem ?' enquired Willie, shrewdly. 4 God never sleeps, Willie.' Willie looked still more profoundly sympathetic, and, with another sigh, exclaimed : 4 Hech, puir mon, He maun want His sleep.' Marjory was in despair. When she told him God loved us all, 4 He doesna love Wullie Lowry,' cried the child. 4 He doesna ken Wullie, mem.' 4 Oh, yes, Willie,' said Marjory, 4God does know you and love you. He is the great Father, Willie's great Father.' 4 I'd like fine to see Him,' cried Willie. 4 Wullie wants his Feyther, mem,' he added, and the little fellow's lip quivered, and the big blue eyes filled with tears. The teaching, however, went on, and was on the whole a great success, though Marjory made the mistake common to most very young teachers, of trying to cram big ideas into little heads that could not hold them. One day she had been endeavouring to teach Willie what faith was, but his round eyes grew rounder and rounder, and his jaw dropped, and he stood the picture of mystification. Marjory cast her eyes around in the forlorn hope of laying hold of an easily comprehended metaphor. Two huge old stone cannon balls decorated either end of the step on which she was seated. fehe took up a small pair of scissors with which she was snipping holes in the bit of English embroidery she was busy with, and said : 4 Look here, Willie. Do you see those scissors V 4 Ay, mem.' 4 Now shut your eyes.' Willie screwed them up as if he never meant to open them again. Marjory slipped the scissors under the stone ball beside her. 4 Now open your eyes, Willie. You can't see the scissors anywhere. I have put them under the stone, Where do you think they are ?' 4 Under the stane, mem.' 4 Why do you think so, Willie ?' 4 Ye telt me, mem, and ya wouldna tell a lee.' 4 That s qnite right, Willie,' cried Marjory, joyfully. 4 You'd believe what I told you. That's faith. You know the scissors are under the stone because I told you they were there, though you can't see them. You know what faith is now, Willie, don't you ?' 4 Fine, mem,' answered Willie solemnly, with much enlightened countenance. Marjory began to feel sure she had a great gift for teaching, and rewarded her disciple with a large lump of sugar, which he carefully hoarded till he found Beenie and Betty, when he presented it first to one dirty little mouth and then to the other to 4 talc' a lick,' after which with great satisfaction he refreshed himself in a similar manner. Next morning Marjory begged her mother to come out and listen how nicely Willie was getting on. With some importance she began : 4 Now, Willie, what is faith ?' Willie's eyes shone with conscious learning, and he promptly replied : 4 A pair o' shizhies under a stane, mem.' Mrs. Grant burst out laughing, and after a brief mo ment of discomfiture, so did the poor little teacher. 4 My dear,' said kindly Mrs. Grant, 4 a child's just made up of faith. Don't you bother this little head,' patting Willie's as she spoke, 4 to explain it just yet. He feels it, and that's enough for him.' Next morning, for the first time, Willie did not make his appearance at ten, and Marjory was just going off to the cottage to look for him, when cook came running after her, crying and wiping her eyes with her apron. 4 Oh, Miss Marjory, dear ! here's awfu' bad news for you that was fond of him. Poor Wee Wullie's like to die,' and then cook told how his uncle had come home drunk the night before, and in a fit of rage had thrown his heavy boot at the unoffending child's head, and that the boy had fallen and scarcely spoken since. 4 And the doctor says, miss,' said cook, 4 as how he'll never get up again.' Swiftly through the shrubbery ran Marjory, and in a few minutes was tapping at the cottage door. Mrs. Lowry opened it, sullen as ever, but with her eyes very ««/» /J o ct if eVin Vi orl Konrt wnflnin ct 1 CU AO 11 OUU uwu WVOU II 4 Come awa' ben, miss,' she said, 4 and see him. He thocht a sight of ye.' Marjory drew near the dark, close box-bed where her little favourite lay dying — how unlike to the ruddy sturdy little pupil she had learned to love so well 1 White, white was the little face now, and the ban daged brow gave the child the aspect of an infant Lazarus. The bonny honest blue eyes were closed, and but for an uneasy moan from time to time it seemed as if death had already claimed its prey. Marjory, with streaming eyes, bent over him and kissed him. The blue eyes opened, and the ghost of his merry old smile flickered round the pale lips. 4 Hech ! mem,' he whispered, ' is't yersel'? Ye're awfu' guid to Wullie.' Marjory could not speak for sobbing. She only kissed the little white cheek again, and the little fellow lay quite still for some time, seemingly slumbering, and ntnnm'nA> in nic ol nnri lllUOiUillg 1.1.1 UXO pi.VV/1 Bye-and-bye once more, and for the last time on this earth for Marjory, he opened his eyes, and fixing them on her face, said faintly : £ Wullie wants his Feyther. Oo, mem, Wullie wants his big Feyther.' 4 Through her tears Marjory began, 4 Our Father who art in Heaven,' and W ullie closed his eyes again. Before she had finished that prayer of prayers he slumbered again, and Marjory stole softly away, mean ing to return in the afternoon, but before then Wullie had found his " big Feyther." — Youth's Companion. 