CHAPTBB II.-CONFESSION. Acting on the permission which I had received from Sir Arthur, after I had j remained in my bedroom a couple of i hours, my light out and myself dressed, I stole down stairs, and entered the library whore the safe was. Rolling myself up in a travelling rug, which I had brought for the purpose, I laid down on the sofa, taking care to so place the rug as to well conceal me. Time passed slowly enough for me, until I saw a light between the cracks of the shutters. A knife was inserted in the division, and the iron bar which fastened it removed off the catch. I saw at once all that had been prepared for the burglars to have free access to the house. For what purpose P Could that dark, handsome woman, Lady Clavell, really and truly be in league with the thievoB F It seemed like it, for tho shutters were closed and the bars put up, but not fastened. These were uow most carefully removed, evidently by a skilful hand; for after one had been raised out of the bolt, it was left to swing quietly down so that scarcely auy noise was made. In this way the shutters was unfasten- ed, and the burglars were about to open them gently, when a female form, clad in a dressing gown, guided into the room, and I noticed by the gledm of the moon- light that she held a revolver in her hand. I don't know how it was, but there was a strange dramatic effect in all this which seemed to charm, and hold me spellbound. I watched the scene with a fascination which made me almost forget my purpose of detection. Scarcely had the lady taken her place, when the shutters were pushed gently back, and in an instant the room was flood- ed with thc soft silver light of the moon. I can see that room now, with its rows of books, its massive oak furniture, tho iron safe, and that pale, handsome woman crouching down, waiting, fearing, and yet with a glare of the tigress in her eyes, clutching the pistol. A terrible scene which 1 watched'with interest. : The first man who .entered I recognised I at oacé as the younger fellow whom Iliad seen at the cottage in the dell. * George, George,' whispered Silas, ' be cautious-now do! I-I don't like this business. You will ruin Ella.' * What do I care about ruining her P' said the fellow. ' Keep quiet. I will soon have tho safe open, I know my fine lady, and do not mean to stop hore.' . She dare not do anything against us.' 'Bahi She dare do anything! You ought to know that. I tell you that was a detective she sent down to the cottage. He thought nie asleep, but I saw him re- move her ladyship's glove. Come, old father Silas, here is the safe. Let us clear it out and then be off. This place ie getting too hot for all of us, I think.' 'Well, well,, as you like-only let us make haste. I don't know how it is. I have been in many a difficult case like this, but I never felt such fear.' 'Tut! You are getting old,and nervous. I told her where to put the key. She will do it right enough, and then wo will draw upon her from & distance, She shall be our agent, and her husband shall be our banker.' Even the old man chuckled at this, and they advanced towards the safe. ' « 8twuib^k¡ÍV#aid ft bleat, jsnàrji voioej and Lady Cláveíl pite ¿o lier feet and presented tho revolver at George Mark- ham, who started back as if he had seen a ghost. ; ' By Jove,' he cried, ' it's Ella. What is tbe meaning of this acting P' 1 It means that I am at bay-that I am prepared to brave the worst sooner than submit to being in the power;of such men as you. You thought to hold me under you thumb-to compel me by terrorism to rob my husband to supply your wants. Fool that I was, I yielded out of fear, and so deceived tho noblest mau and the best ot husbands. Success made you more and moro rapacious. Your demands grew heavier aud heavier, and I sank more and more in your power. I saw my husband's suspicions were aroused, aud when I agreed to your coming here to-night, it was that I might take you ia a trap. Bare to touch one thing ia this house, and I will shoot you down like a dog. What are yon to me ?' . ; * Only your husband, my fine lady. Call up the house if you will. I think any man has a right to enter any house and claim Ms wife. A deep groan made all start and turn round. There at the door ; looking like a ghost in the pale moonlight, was. Sir Arthur Clavell. His face was ghostly to behold. It was deadly white, and the features twitched with emotion. Nevertheless he advanced boldly into the room, and con- trolling his voice with marvellous power, said . 'Ella, I have hoard all. Tell me the truth. If I cannot forget, I will pardon. But think of our child.' 'Arthur, Arthur,' cried Lady Clavel!, ' I will confess all. I am not that man's wife. My father, heaven forgive me for having to speak so of a parent !-was a gambler. He came of a good family, but the life he led made all his friends leave him. He married a French lady. I was born, and for some tune fortune seemed to smile upon him. We travelled from place to place-to all the towns whore gambling was permitted. One day the luck changed, and poverty stared us m the face. At that time that man, George Markham, crossed my father's path. They became partners, and weak and broken, as my father was, he soon fell into that man's power. I was scarcely more than a child then. My mother was dead, and Í had no one to aid or advise rae. 1 allowed myself to be betrothed to this maa. My poor father seemed to be in the wretch's power ; still he did all he could to prevent the marriage taken place, and it was. put off from time to time. Atlast the wretch- ed day came. But Providence was kind. At the church door, as I was being led in, two gendarmes seized that man.as an escaped convict. He denied it, when his coat was rudely tom off, his shirt-sleeves rolled up, and there, branded on his shoulder, were the letters " T. F." He had escaped from the galleys, to which he had been condemned for life. He was then transported to New Caledonia, whence he escaped to Australia, where ko met that old man.' Here she pointed to Silas Markham. 'He says he is his father, but I do not know. Again they escaped--by some means having obtained money-and came here. They recognised me, and, by threats of the vilest nature made me supply them with money. For- give me, my husband. I have told yon all.' ' Yes, all,' said George Markham. * She was legally betrothed to me, and, ia the sight of heaven, is my wife.' * Stand back !' cried Sir Arthur, as he folded his wife to his besom. ' She.is my wife, and Ijwill protect hor. Officer, do your duty.' I sprang up in a moment and rushed at George ; but JIB was too quick for me. He snapped a pistol in my face, but it missed fire. Still, it had the effect of staggering me, but I was out of the window audafter him like a shot. There were horses there by which the would-be robbers had come. He seized one horse and leaped into the saddle ; I the other, and away we raced through the park. Ho rode well, and, thank goodness, so did I. Suddenly I saw him halt check his horse at a leap nasty ditch with a bank about two feet higher than that from which the leap had boen taken. The. horse took it well, but its hoofs slipped, and it rolled back , into the stream having its rider beneath it. Before Ï could' reach the spot the /boree had scrambled away, and. was. tearing wildly oyer the country; but the man lay gasping, almost drowning, in the water. I dismounted, and,, rushing, into the stream, soon had him on the . bank, and shouted loudly for help, which fortunately was at Jiandj .for^ Sir Arthur; had;des- patched' sbWo.ppople after,us., ....TdiAjsttA happy' wret^h'wasjcai'ried back to^he.bAll, where lie expired» never having breathed a word, But where was old Silas P Gone -J never could tell where. In truth, I had good reasons for not Squiring-gokZen, reasons. Sir Arthur attended the inquest, when, Of course a verdict of y^o/wfehtal death'was returned. Aftor,tiyj|£*iA*ihur sold his ball and estates, ápidí ¿retired Abroad with his wife and famiiy.f, A4id*eo ! .Li',- i- - ?.< < !." ."«'" ,u 