Unwholesome Vegetables. A very serious scare bids fair to be raised by the publication of an extract from Mr. Mackay's lecture on 'Market Gardening,' in which he dwelt upon the possible danger to health from the consumption ot vegetables forced under a system of high cultivation, such as is prac tised by the Chinese market gardeners. All practical agriculturists are aware of the value of ammoniacal manures as fertilisers and stimulants to rapid and luxuriant growth, as they contain a large proportion of nitrogen, which enters so largely into the composi tion of all vegetable life. The researches of chemical science have discovered that so soon as manures are taken up as food by the roots, a pro cess of decomposition takes place, and the various chemical constituents are redistributed, and go to build up the fabric of the plant, reappearing in fresh beauteous life, thoroughly purified from all the loathsome elements which were buried in the earth. As Dr. Thompson happily expressed it, as well might one expect a man to be made up of layers of bread and beef and the other articles of his daily diet, as to recognise in plants the food which they have absorbed through their roots and foliage ; all is changed in the wondrous laboratory of digestion, for plants digest their food equally with all other animal life. At the same time there is a very possible risk in some vege tables ; but it exists, not in that which has passed into the body of the plant, but in what may be adhering to - the outside ; and to this the lecturer referred in his re marks upon the danger of consuming lettuce and other salads in an uncooked state, in which the subtle germs of disease may be conveyed into the human system. It is a thoroughly established fact, however, that none of these organisms can survive the boiling temperature, and, therefore, if the vegetables be only properly cooked, no possible injury to health can result. The evident consequences of crime long survive its com mission, and, like tbe ghosts of the murdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor, while the paths of virtue, though seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. 