Round the Country. By J. M. IBAlti. CHAIPTER XIV. THE mates worked away late and early, and were 'not long in linishiug the second pair of claims, after which they went down the flat and took ;up an abandoned shaft,'as from.the color .indl'natcrials of the' liottmn 'stufl their' practised knowledge led theai to' believe that the gold was" not far off "Nor were they wonng,' for within a few feet on both sides of the shafts prospects of a luarter and half an ounce to the tub were washed. ' Jack, taking Long Jim for his mate, left the other two adid marked out a claini for them selves. This also was payable; in fact, it seemed as if the mates at this juncture could not go wrong in marking out, as they had seven claims in succession on the narrow streak of guiter that ran in serpentine fashion along the flat. About the time when the claims were worked oun, the Christmas season had again come round, and Long Jim invited Tom and Jack to spend the festive day with Ihim. It may be necessary to introduce this gentleman more particularly to the reader, and it can be done in a few words. Jim was a fine upstanding fellow of over six feet, straight as a rush, and kindly in dlis position as a lamb. lIe had been one of the London police, and a more good-natured fellow it would have been hard to find. Many a curious tale he told of the strange sights that met the eyes of the " Bobbies" in London streets. flow he used to exult over tLhe memories of the grand doings at the marriage of " hour most gracious Majesty, qsueen \Victoria," as he invariably termed that Royal f lady. "Not a blessed fellow in the force as didn't set "'i 'istle more'nalf a dozen times that ere blessed night, and blow me tight it heven the inspectors could see the Ihillumina tions for the stars has sparkled alore their vision through a little too much Cream o' the WValley." Ilow he used to exult over the fact that he and others actually trundled one of the sergeants holme in a wheelbarrow, that olficial s having been overcome by the potent mixture of c "'antm, weal, hale, pcota, hand hother wittles, has 'e 'ad tucked hinto'is corporation." Poor Long Jim ! The distant glories of I \Australia had teltepted him to leave the " beau- a liful Isle of the sea" and wander away to Victoria, where his easy, genial disposition, a was too often played upon, and where lie com- - mitted the greatest mistake of his life, by s marrying a first-class cook, whose buxsom t person and excellent gastronomic preparations c were blt-a poor set-off to the bitterness of her tongue'and her general vixenish dispositions. a Truthinmust be told ! Polly wore the unmention- t ables; and Jim, whose strength was sufficient to hive sent her into the middle of next week c with the greatest case, was far more afraid of that sharp vinegary little woman than ever he had been of an inspector of police. HIowever, his invitation to dinner was ac- I cepted by the mates, and in order to procure a t supply of some fresh articles of diet it was arranged that the three should start before day light.on the morning-before"Christmas Day % and "go out a shooting." Duly armed with a double-barrelled fowling' pieces; the trio made their way in the cool, early morning, to a' point on the Deep Creek above Carisbrook, a where a patch of a few acres of wheat had been cut, and the crop now stood in sheaves in t the field. The spot was arrived at while yet t the grey light of morning was struggling with the darkness in the east, and hastily selecting an appropriate spot, a number of bushes were s arranged so as to form an ambush to hide the sportsmen from their intended victims. Just as the light in the horizon began to assumne a a rosy hue an immense flock of cockatoos, like a t great white cloud, were seen advancing to the s field, which was the only ground under grain c crop for miles. On they came, filling the air a with their loud discordant cries, and in a great sweep some thousands alighted on the sheaves, t while as many more perched on trees. As soon as the birds were settled, the guns simul taneously belched forth their fire. The birds rose in great commotion, and as is usually the case a few seconds afterwards they again swept down over the spot where their wounded com panions lay screaming. Again the sportsmen fired, and the white host rose with a universal i scream of horror and fled, leaving about two dozen birds dead or wounded as the spoils of t the morning. Many of them were quite young, and their beautiful white feathers, tinged with a delicate rose color under the wings, and crests of pale yellow made them a subject of great interest to the mates. A mile or so down the creek a few teal and ducks were baggcd, and by this time tihe great hot sun was scorch ing up everything with its burning gaze. A fine waterhole in M'Callum's Creek was reached on their way thome, where a cooling plunge in the water was enjoyed, which nearly cost J nli his life, as he could not swimi.a stroke, and had reached a deep part of the hole at the first plunge. It was with some difliculty that the others succeeded in dragging him out, as he seemed determined to hold on to the bottom. Eventually he was brought to tIhe bank, and laid right sid.e up to dry. Next day, the Christmas dinner was of course the greatest feature. Polly was determined to surpass all her former exploits in cookery ; and if the visitors had each been able to dispose of allowances suflicient for ten men, there would have been enougli for all even then. Jim had provided with a most liberal hand, and Polly in reality had prepared a feast dainty enough to set before a king, and mucth smore worthy of liis attention than the four and twenty black-' birds that were baked in the pie we have heard of. Beef and' mutton-roast and boiled forced meats, cockatoo and duck in different forms, Christmas pudding ind 'pastry-all that the soul of Jim loved was there .,in profu sion. Where all the wondrous plates-full went to that disappeared under his vigorous knife and fork action is yet a mystery; but vanish they did, together with sundry bottles of ale and porter, and then the little drop of wine that Polly-my-dear took was followed by one or two hy Jim, till he became quite musical, and roared forth a melancholy ditty respecting some unfortunate " feller " who was caught, collared, atditiitirched off in triu?ph lyiy osome femninine womans with a green cotton "umbcrella. Then he followed up his instructive musical efforts by thile history of that Giles Scroggins whose " Ghost ihe said right solumlee, Right fol de riddle ol de ray; You must leave your bed and go with me, Right fol iddy ol de ray. Nextf under the benign infloueience of the excel lent dinner and liass'pale ale, Jim stole his arm round s'olly's waist and received a sound ing slap on the face for his pains. The fact was that the barometer of Polly's temper had stood at " set fair " all the morns ingwhile the dinner was in preparation, but now that it was over the indications had rapidly passedt from ' changeable" to "stormy, " and now the'storn hatd burst. " Whlat d'ye mean, yous jolly ninicomspoop. a sitting a giggling andi a swilling there? anti I been a toiling and a moiling all thie blessed morning a getting your dinner, and there you are'a goitig togo for to get mizzled first thing arter dinner, and a pawing and a clawing i' mp. fet olt o the hoaso--do ? " " polly, iry dear," said tim, gravely, i bless my soul and hiappy tight, wot hIever on hearpth hare yer hafter, can't a feller never gofor togo andgit a .nobbler hon the never hat theI blessed Christmas time, but yet. must go for to come the'igh hoss hover afeller. " ' Christmas comies bnt once a year, :, :So let us ie jolly, SAnd drown siclanclkolly, P.Fr griif turns u"hlack Ird to grey i" Sas poor Richard ays; so don't go for to makd us hall huncomfortabl;e at this 'appy Sseason-and many of them to yer, my dear I 