TUE MISERS LEGACY. ,: He's come, Slr. Herman." "Come' Come at last? Are you sure of it, Joe ?" " Sure as taxes." said Joe Poppinger, with a confident nod of his head. "He's taken that old house-the Haunted House, the neigh- bors call it-and he's moved into it, bag and baggage, which ain't much, by the way." " Any servants with him, Joe V "Only one-a crooked old woman-as threw a porringer of hot water over me when I came round to ax if I could be of any use. if they only owned a black cat I'd have the whole kit and boodle of 'em up for witchcraft. I never did come across such a rum lot in all my life." " Did you see the old man yourself, Joe 2" " See him, Mr. Herman ? I see a bundle of old bones, tied round the middle, with a palm-leaf patterned dressing-gown and a flannel night-cap on his head, and I s'posed likely there couldn't be two such outlandish old customers going. He was a runnin'in and out from the furniture cart like a crazy spider." \- That will do Joe, Here isa half-a-crown for yon." "Tbank'ee, sir. Much obliged to you, sir." And the stable boy, who belonged to the inn, shambled away, grinning and pulling at thc front ot his cap, while Herman Franklyn leaned, whistling, against the pillar of the front verandah. So old Miner Molineaux had arrived at last -the rich and eccentric relative-on the re- version of whose fortune, real or supposed, he had all his life been building aerial castles. At last-and Herman resolved the very next day to call and pay his respects, although the old woman with the hot water did not add to the delights of contemplating this visit. " If I hadn't heard from his lawyer that he had taken a lease of thc Stone House," mused Mr. Franklyn, "I certainly never should have buried myself in this out-of-way place awaiting his advent ; and if I hadn't thought I could work into his good graces I never shonldTiavc taken thc trouble to hunt him up. Hcigho ! Sometimes I think it would bc easier to work for money than to inherit it." And so the next day Mr. Franklyn -called' Miner Molincaux received him very coolly, sitting among his treasures, like Marius amid thc ruins of Carthage. But Franklyn noticed that he kept one hand on the ring of a padlocked iron box beside him as he talked. "Well, young man, and what do you want?" he asked, impatiently, when the old woman, who evidently considered that Mr. Franklyn was no subject for the hot water treatment, showed him in. So inquire after your health, Cousin Miner," said the young man smoothly. " Humph I My health is well enough ? Better than you wish it. I dare say." *; My dear sir-" " But it will make no difference to you," acidly went on the old man, still nervously fingering the rings of the iron box. " I don't deny that I have a treasure to leave behind me-" Herman Franklyn's eyes glistened. " But it will bc to those who consult my wishes more than you have done." " But, my dear cousin-" " Words are all very well," said the old miser, shrugging his shoulders, " but deeds speak the loudest. You knew very well my aversion to matrimony-and yet you go and engage yourself to get married to a girl who hasn't a penny. Eh? Don't you?" in a rising inflection like a bark. " And then, after coolly disregarding all my wishes, you expect me to leave you this-this" tapping, as he spoke, on the lid of the box. " But, Cousin Miner, if yon wish me, I will certainly adapt myself to your opinions, I dill not know that-" ,: Stuff and nonsense I" yelled the old man. " What yon knew or didn't know is perfectly immaterial to mc. Leave ine to my books anil my writing. That's all I ask of any man living." Cl S.i Mr. ï'mnklyn went moodily H nra v. .. I must break uay engagement," *aid be to himself. '. That's the first thing! What the second will be depends entirely on fate and fortune." Josie Hall was sitting in the, farm-house kitchen, peeling potatoes. She was a black eyed, damask-cheeked girl, with velvety eye- brows, and a round, red dot of a month ; and in those dark eyes glistened a light bali resentful, half anguish, as she looked straight at Herman Franklyn. " I understand," said she, " you want to break the engagement. Now that your rich uncle has come to the neighborhood I am no longer worthy of you. "It isn't that, Josie, believe me," said Franklyn, twisting himself about, with the signals of keen mortification blazing on his cheek. "ButI think pewiaps it would be better for both of us-" " And I haven't the least doubt of it," pas- sionately interrupted Josie, with heaving breast and quivering lips. " A thousand times better; for I value the love of no man who can leave me thus. Fray don't watte your time in conjuring np any farther excuses. They are quite unnecessary. I wish you a very good morning." And she went on peeling her potatoes, while Herman Franklyn crept out of the house, feeling very like a whipped cur. For a day or two he felt heartily ashamed of himself, but the reward-as at least he esteemed it-came at last. Mr. Miner Molineaux fell ill. Being ill. he was frightened. Being frightened he was solitary. And consequently he sent for bis cousin Franklyn, a'thing he never would have done in health. " You don't think I'm going to die, do you, Herman ? " he asked, tremulously. . " Oh, there's no danger at all," reassured the young man, as the doctor had that morn said that the patient's spirts most be kept up at all hazards. " And you won't leave me Î " " Certainly not, if my presence can be of any satisfaction to yon," responded the de- lighted fortune-seeker. "But that girl that you're engaged to," grumbled Mr. Molineax ; " she won't like it." " Do you think that I could persist in any- thing contrary to your wishes?" reproach- fully asked Herman Franklyn. " The en- gagement is broken." " Good !" croaked the old man. " Engage- ments are a humbug, in any event. Engage- ments to girls that haven't anything are still worse. Cousin Franklyn, you've more sense than I gave you credit for." Day by day Miner Molineaux grew worse. On the forth afternoon he sent for a lawyer and made his will. On the fifth he became speechless. On the sixth he died. "My fortune is made now," thought Her- man, who bad listened at the door during the interview with the lawyer, and heard di- rections given connecting his name with the padlocked iron box, whereof tbe key hung around the dead man's neck. And be felt that Josie had been well sacrificed. :iYoa wasn't at the funeral, eb?" said Mrs. Pierce to the Widow Hall, while Josie's needle flew faster than ever through the cam- bric she was hemming. "Well, no," said the widow, "I ain't partial to funerals in general, and I didn't feel no special call to put mjeelf out to see an old miser buried, that I never saw nor spoke to while he wai alive." " A man can't he a miser without he's got money, can he?" said Urs. Pierce. " I don't rightly know about that,".said Widow Hall. " But you don't mean to say that old Molineaux hadn't anything after all?" " Nothing but a few slicks of furniture, and some rusty coins as no decent store- keeper woidd give change for." The widow's eyes shone through her spec- tacle glasses. " Land o' massy 1" said she. " And what j was in the iron box as everybody had so much to say about-the iron box as was willed to Herman Franklyn. " Just thc sheets of paper as held a diction- ary the old man had been writing all bia days. Manuscript, the lawyer called it, whatever that may be. He thought it was worth a deal of money, and he'd spent bis all hunting up books as nobody but himself ever heard of, and travelling about the country to pick up information. " Humph I" said the Widow Hall. " And what did young Franklyn say ?" " I didn't sit near enough to him to ris1»*?* hear," said Mrs. Pioioo, " but them as did tells me lie swore an awful oath when he san what was in the box, and flung the whole bundle on the back of the fire. I saw il blase up myself." "And was that all?" asked the Widow Hall. " That was all," responded her informant, "I am glad of it!" cried out Josie, spring ing up with sparkling eyes. " I never was st glad of anything in all my life. He's served right for once." Mr. Franklyn called the next day, meei and subdued. If Josie had been a model heroine she would have thrown both hei arms around his neck and vowed that sh« loved him better than ever. But she wai only a very human little girl, so she stood ut with dignitv and said : " I wonder at your assurance in courin; here, after all that has transpired, Mr Franklyn." ," But, Josie-" " There is the door, sir 1" said Josie. "Pleasi to walk out 1" And there was nothing left for it but t< « walk out." Old Miner Molineaux sleeps quietly in thi village grave-yard, and public rumor ba added yet another ghost to the spectral popu I lation of the Haunted Hoase-a yellow-vis aged old bogey, who wears a wig, and carrie in his hand a padlocked box. 