LATEST SPORTING NOTES. The programme of the Mount Gambier Racing Club's summer meeting appears in our business oolumns, The date has been Hxed for Wednesday, 25th January. There are five events in all, in whioh >6110 are given in staues. Yankee brab was Bold reoantly to Mr. J, 0, Inglis for £150, and aa he won the Viotoria Club's steepleohaee, value £125, the Bame afternoon, his new owner, who backed him, had all the best of the deal. I am informed that Mr- S. James has dis« posed of the stallion Touohit to Mr. W. Pauaall, who has some hopes of getting another steepleohase out of the old fellow. The price paid was £30. In the intercolonial eight«oar race, rowed at Port Adelaide on Saturday, the Williams* town eight inflicted a deoiaive defeat on the Adelaide representatives. The visitors took the lead from the start, and rowing an easy stroke, soon had the local men in trouble. The latter pulled desperately, but had not the ghost of a ohanoe. They cams in about 15 boat lengths behind-a gap that oould have been easily increased, The Moonee Valley meeting took plaoe on Saturday last. The weather was dull and threatening, there was a good attendance, The Maiden Plate, of 60 so vs. t was won by Louise, with Loyalist second and Tareena third. Leroy appropriated the Hurdle Raoe, of 60 BOVS,, Marian and Land Shark running into places. The Janefleld Handicap, of 50 sovs,, fell to Newmarket, Louise and Wartield being seoond and third, respectively, In the Steepleohase, of CO sovs., there was an exciting iinish, Roulette beating Kulkyne by a short head ; Bob Cooper waa third, Medea had an easy win for the Selling Raoe, of 60 sovs., followed by Lady's Maid and Miss Jessie in that order. The November Handicap, of 75 sovs., was won by Sun. shade, The Foresaken being seoond and Salvo third. In the two days' cricket match between Vernon's English Eleven and Eighteen of Ballarat, the Englishmen made 477 in their tirat innings, Stoddart compiling 05. The Ballarats made only 67 in the first innings, Worrall's 12 being the highest score, and in the second innings they obtained 6i for the loss of two wickets, Worrall making 36. Aa time draws near increased interest is Bhowu in the sculling mateh Beach v, Hanlan, Both men continue in good health, An ar rangement is being made for the accommoda tion of the public on the banks of the Nepean. A correspondent in the Argun refers to Edward Henty's schooner 'l'ho Thistle, in whioh ha arrived at Portland Bay In 1884 63 years ago-and there, as is well known, founded the first settlement in Violorla, wbioh at that time was part of Hew Houth Walea. The hull of this noteworthy little ship is now lying at Port Fairy, and 1B in a tolerably good state of preservation, Many readers of Henry Kingsley'a novel Geoffrty Hamhjn, have had their attention aroused by a statement made in the book as to the supposed wreok of an ancient Spanish or Portuguese galloon near Port Fairy. A party of the residents purpose making a very oareful search this summer for the wreok, There are fair grounds for believing that the boneB of this old argosy 4° actually He be neath Borne of the shifting Bands along the coast a few miles east of Port fairy ; and if the intended search shoi}lc} reveal them, the discovery would bp ope pf great interest Tho timbers of the wreck are said to be of mahogany, whioh would Beem to indicate thai the ship was oast away in very fat back time, The oat crop throughout Scotland has suffered greatly from a drought, afld is likely to prove ft,partia} fa^qrp, $arjey vlll probably turn put a Mr prpp, apd the wheat an excellent one. Sir Henry Parkes in a recent speeoh at Glen Innea said" The population of New South Wales on the 81st December, 1886 was 1,100,966 souls; the publio and private pro perty £621,000,000 sterling, or an average per head oU'52}» A fettler nailed John McCarthy wafl knocked down and literally out to pieoes by a passenger train at the Aah&eld; (N.8.W.) station, The Sydney branch of the Federated Sea. men's Union have resolved, in consequence of the reount action of the Adelaide branob of the union taking upon itaelf to strike, without giving at least one month's notice of the cause, that it shall be denied the sup port of the other bodies. An agreement huB came into force by whioh the various steamship companies tra ding to Queensland will oharge spepial rates for passehgei a and freights. Over a thousand sheep have been lost trough the floorl on the Hon, fljr. Oatupboll'a Orona Downs estate. The registration bill, foreshadowed at thf Nottingham Conferenoe, is rpaUy q reform bill gr&nfcipg; manhood suffrage, and abolish* ing revising barristers, paliuoal agents, &Q.; Mr. Gladstone is its author, The construction of six ironolads of 7*600 tons eaoh has been ordered for the Spanish navy. Dhuleep Singh haa written a letter to the native papers of India, in which he saya Eng. land offered him £250,000 in settlement of his olaim against the Indian Government, and he rejected it, Embittered by his arrest at Aden, he expresses intense hatred of the British Government, and declares that he will serve his new sovereign, the Cijtar, with his life's blood, X^huleep giogh and the ex< eoutive committee of the Indiati Liberation Society are printing on the Irish sftOret press in Paris an appeal to the natives of British India to awake from their torpor and prove that they are no longer the dupes of English merchants and slaves of English Goyer^oia. The appealis dated from SJosoow, >? An offloial despatch reoeived at Cairo announces that 5,000 rebels with seven guns are at Sarras who iutend to surround Wady Haifa and out off connection with that place. Serious riots occurred at Gibraltar on Oot« ober 17 between Irish and English soldiers. Many rioters were injured and several j arrests were made; the London Ohroyiolfi says that the Rus sian editor Katzkoff's death was hastened by his having fallen into disgrace with the Qzar, who got his hands on an intercepted letter from Katzkoff to General Boulanger, advising the latter to strike out for the dictatorship of France and provoke war with Germany, "Rodob on oatarhh" oorreota offensive odors at owe. Complete oure of worst chronlo 0ftS9»J also uneajuillod an a gargle (or diphtheria, sore throat, fauTbreath, 26fifty "KoCoB on Why Buffer flips J Imme diate relief and qotaplete cure guarantee^, (or 1 . Rough on Pllea.'' Sqre pure for itching, pro* trudtng, bleeding, or any form of Piles, gfijjey The celebrated \Vol?«'S SottNAJPa '» . p\ire invigPFftttag toyww»»- " [5butaWM»*'* - » m sure yov *1 1,0, ODDFELLOWS, M.U.-On Monday even ing Inst the election of officers for the next six months, of the Mount Gainbier Lodge of this justly popular order, took place, The elec tion resulted as followsNoole Grand, Bro, T, J, Doddj Vice Grand, Bro, W. Goodgame j Seoretary, P,S, W, H, Feus: and Auditor, Bro, 0, Row Morgan, P,G, H. Ooaaons takea the Grand Master a chair, A vote of thanks to the retiring-officers, viz,, Grand Master, Bro, E, Addems! Noble Grand, P.G, H, OosBons j Vice Grand, Bro, T. J. Dodd 5 Seoretary P.S. W, H. Feus} and Auditor, P.G. Alex, Walker, was passed. The half yearly Finance Meeting of tne lodge was fixed for Thursday week, tne 1st December. Bodily oomfort is the accompaniment of healthful vigour; and it will return when WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS ia employed. To invigorate the system and rectify irregularities of the bowela, drink WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. WoLFfi'a SctfNAPPs ia a standard medioinal beverage, and is highly recommended by medical men, The Jooust la now reported at Quoru as being more numerous than ever known be* fore. Owing to the telegram stating that the rubied taken to England by Mr, Pearaon are north on the average £2 per oarat, the pri oea of all ruby stock have advanced. 