Facetike. Sporting notes-flashing fivers. It is wrong to say the living bear all the burden of the state; is there not a death rate? A miner at Dark River put in a blast and touched her off; he presently went back to see her spit. His friends scraped his remains off the hanging wall with bits of hoop iron. His funeral was well attended. An English aper' says that "the book that is now selling best in Italy is the Bible." We shouldn't wonder. It must be quite a novelty in literature there. The master of a'state school asked a small boy the masculine of step-daughter, and the young rascal replied-" Step-Iladdr." That youth is very careful what he sits on now; he prefers an air pillow. A tiger at the Melbourne Zoo. was so en raged by the sight of a dude the other day that he tore off the sheet-iron flooring f his cage, and was in a fair way of escaping when his keeper knocked him senseless with a bar of iron. Unfortunately the dude es country journalists are becoming rapidly respectable and, as a consequence, rich. The proprietor of the Standard has offered a ten guinea cap for thoebest silo made in his district! Humph'l We remem. bar the time when'it was as much as a coun try editor could do to present his offgpring with a birthday meg, aud the poen hed to go down to theo advertisement account at that. Yet the literature then produced in the country wasofa macl l vellerdescription than it is now.: As son as:'a man grows wealthy he eoems to losoe all -hiqfun. A miner at Creawick we..t downinto the well of a shaft there, a?ttired some patent divingdresswhichwmaguaxantbed tomakelife below the billow pleasant and agreeablo; in fact, a thingtobe hungered after. Itwas to be a trial of the apparatus, under the auspices of the, mining department. The man hadl been, below water about fifteen minutes, when it was thought advisable to haul him up and ask him how he was. So they hauled, but the diver had evidently hitched the rope on to.the centre of the universe, and it could not come away. A lot of men and boys, .and horses, were induced to give a hand, and finally, aftersome considerable fooling, they got the diver to come up and see what the gory ldles they were tugging , for. Upon opening up the apparatus, the venturesome miner was found to be bleeding at the nose like a tapped claret cask, aid just in the act of giving upthe ghost. They restrained him in the mad. act, and after much care and ekilful treatoment'he felt well enough to take a drop of liquor, and explain that something had gone wrong, hnd he had got caught in the ladders.o There is nothing excruciatingly funny about this till we ap. pond a few words with whicli the.Age winds up an account of the affair: ""Had the lad. der been a fixture, the accident would have proved fatal. I~ other repest, the trial urns coesiderrlf vrrUasreofu ?.'?'VWe claim the italics. 'Do Trow : "low horribly" that tenor is murdering his anthbum, 'Miss Claymore." Miss Claymore: :." That tenor is my brother Ethelbert, Mr. Do Trow." ' Do Trus (glan cing at' his hymnal' and turning the leaves qunickly):: "Why, how stupid of me, I thought he was singing Mozart's ' Hallolu. jah.'' Miss Claymore: "So he is." The man who had his ear bitten off in a fracas in Port Adelaide the other night, no doubt thinks it useless for anyone next January to wish him a happy now 'ear. In a country printing office. Editor (to compeitor)-" How do you spell pneumo nia al' Compositor (after several attempts) -" Give it up. Why don't you look in the dictionary l" Editor-" Because I am sit. ting on it and don't want to disturb myself. Never mind. I'll may that the old gentle man died of some disease that is easier to • ·:. ; 