A HERO IN SPITE OP HIMSELF. By ROBERT BUCHANAN, Author of 'Shadow of the Sword,' 'A Child of Nature,' and ' God and the Man.' [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] PART II. Chapter XIV. — Nemesis. Had a shell exploded in the board-room the directors could not have evinced more consternation. As for Eyrie Melvin, he almost shrieked in his sudden fear. All eyes were turned on the door, through which there entered, with the old swag ger, the missing Fotheringay — or his ghost. He was elegantly got up, as usual, but there were no diamonds on his fingers or on his snowy breast. He entered as if he had just dropped in for a friendly call. uub js.eyo iub nab ujjiui iiia iieaa. 'Good morning, gentlemen,' he said, gaily. *'* Deuced cold weather.' 'Gocd God!— is it possible!— Fotheringay 1' cried Sloane, staring apoplectically. 'Living !' cried several directors. ' Yes, I think so. Melvin, here, com posed my epitaph ; it was short but beautiful — requiescat in pace; but as I had a voice in the matter 1 preferred — resurgatn. And here I am!' He looked with a curious smile at the engineer, who tottered as if about to faint. 'Then — you — you — escaped V he ciied. 'Looks like it.' ' And— and the other ?' Fotheringay walked to the door. 'Come in, Mr. Kelao, and answer for yourself.' Thereupon Jack entered qaieuy, and nodded to the company. But he was not alone. Leaning on his arm was Angela Sloane, and by her side, darkly smiling, Isabel Raymond. 'Angy! Miss Raymond!' cried the colonel finding his tongue. ' What's all this ? Why have you come here ? This place is private. What does it all mean ?' 'It means, sir,' returned Jack, 'that I have married your daughter, and brought her here to say good-bye before we sail for England.' ' What ! It's a conspiracy ! Thunder and lightning !' 'Take it quietly, old man,' said Fotheringay ; 'you'll have to if you want to get off with a safe skin. Whatever conspiracy there has been has been one to .swindle the public, and you know how far you're responsible. In the meantime per mit me to inform Mr. Kyrle Melvin that a gentleman in plain clothes is waiting for him in the next room with a little present in the shape of a pair of very elegant steel bracelets ; in fact, a detective officer, who will be charmed to make his acquaintance aim eawi v urn! tu a muo waging, iurmsnea at the expense of the state !' 'Gentlemen, I appeal to you for pro tection !'* cried the engineer. 'I have served you faithfully. This is a plot to ruin me !' The directors began to murmur. ' What has the man done ? What is all this about ? What is the offence 2' cried several voices simultaneously. ' I accuse him of an attempt to murder myself and this gentleman in the Speranza Mine. His accomplice, Ned Searle, has been arrested and has confessed.' So spoke Fotheringay ; as he did so Melvin's face was convulsed, and his hand crept into the breast of his coat ; but be* fore he could make another movement Eelso, who had been watching him closely, crept behind him and pinned his arms. He .uttered a sharp oath as a loaded re volver slipped from his grasp and fell to the ground. At the same moment a plainly-dressed man entered, accompanied by a policeman, and at a sign from Jack handcuffed Melvin in the twinkling of an eye. Every one looked scared as tke engi neer, throwing off the mask, gave vent to fierce shrieks and cuises. V.Take him away,' said Fotheringay lightly. ' Don't alarm yourselves, ladies ! We have drawn his teeth, you see.' Struggling fiercely, Melvin was led from the room. Fotheringay followed him as far as the door, which he then closed quietly and turned the key. An angry murmur greeted this move ment . 'I think, gentlemen, we had better conclude our business with closed doors,' said Fotheringay, with a smile. 'Miss Raymond, please be seated. Miss Sloane, here is another chair. Imagine yourself spectators at the last act of a comedy, to which you have come by my special invi tation.' 'None of yonr high and mighty airs here !' cried Sloane, striking his fist on the table. * ? We want an explanation, and, by God, we'll have it! -You may bully our eervant, but .you won't bully us, you impudent beggar !' ? ? ? 'Papa,' cried Angela, ' please don't ! Mr. Fotheringay won't harm you if you will only do as he wishes !' More murmurs from the directors, some of whom began to look pugnacious. ' Yon had better hear my friend out,' said Jack, ' for your own sakes I mean !' 'Who are you?' cried a director, a little fiery Jew. ' We don't know you ! By what right have you come here ?' «' By the right of an honest man, who wishes to clear out a nest of thieving scoundrels !' replied Jack, without the least anger. ' Damnation P shrieked Sloane, echoed by an excited chorus. ' Permit vie,' interposed Fotheringay. ' My friend is English, and calls a spade a spade. I will try to embellish the plain agricultural implement, with his permis sion.' 'Who is he? Damn him! Who is he ? Why have you brought him here ?' said the chorus. 'He's a beggar like yourself, that's what he is !' added Colonel Sloane. ' He is a beggar, old man,' returned Fotheringay, ' with ten thousand pounds sterling a year. Let me introduce him to his peculating and pertinacious fatherin law in his true name— as Lord Kelso, of Keko, in the kingdom of Scotland.' ' What ?' ejaculated the colonel. ' What ?' echoed the chorus. ' But now to business,' proceeded our hero, taking off a glove and throwing it on the table. 'There Is my — ah! — gauntlet ; a challenge to rascality gene rally.; Gentlemen, we have pulverised your engineer ; our next proceeding is to smash your precious. South Speranza G old r and Silver Mining Company totally and finally. It is for you to decide ; whether this is to be done in public or in ^private. If In public I will throw |[open that door, and perhaps, if you are agree able, distribute all round little souvenirs like that worn by the departed scoundrel Melvin, the company's engineer.' No one spoke up now, but the directors, scenting a common danger, spoke together in whispers. The colonel, at his wits' end, thought it best to try conciliation. 'Fotheringay, don't be a fool ! Don't ruin yourself in the hope of ruining your best friend. We're all honest men here, and if Melvin has injured you we are not to blame.' ' Certainly not,' said a director. ' If you are honest men do as I request you. Return every penny to the share holders, dissolve the company, announce the truth — that the Speranza gold and silver mine-ia not worth a solitary dem !' ' I daresay,' answered Sloane. ' Why, come, you know as well as I do that the mine is a splendid concern.' «* Fudge !' said Fotheringay. ?* If we dissolve who is to pay me the money you owe me? Tell me that. Talk about .smashuig— why, can't I smash you! I hold your notes of hand. — everything! Remember tiiat-4''- - - - Fothefrtigay amited. 'Sweet, old man, an? the uses, not only of adversity, but of liquidation. I stand before you in puris naturabilus, a beggar, as you politely express it, without a penny. But I never felt so rich as I do this morning. Financially I am Lazarus ; but morally I am Dives, Croesus, Roths child. I wouldn't exchange my rags for the mantle of a king !' ' You are quite right,' said Kelao. '%ute right,' smiled Isabel radiantly. ' I see what it is,' sneered the colonel. 'You want to swindle me out of my money, to turn upon the man that has fed, clothed, made a man of you, and why? Because you think you will have that lady's dollars to fall back upon. But I'll be a match for you ! I'll have my re venge !' ' Papa,' cried Angela. 'You are quite mistaken,' answered Fotheringay, with a sudden tremor in his voice. ' Your estimate of human nature is inaccurate. I declined to marry Miss Raymond under a fraud ; I resolved to show her what a sham I was, and to save her, even at the price of my own disgrace. She knows me now, sir, and is therefore quite safe from any nefarious designs that 1 may have had upon her. My only hope and prayer is that she may one day marry a good man worthy of her, and forget that Charles Fotheringay, adventurer, sham colonel, and the devil's catspaw ever existed*' 'The long and the short of it all is,' said Lord Kelso, advancing to the table, 'that this company is a fraud, and must be broken up forthwith. For the sake of this lady, my wife, and indirectly for my own sake, I will do everything in my power to secure a peaceful settlement. With regard to this gentleman's debt to you, Colonel Sloane, blunder no uneasi ness. For the time being consider me his banker.' tfNo, no, my lord,' cried Fotheringay. ' 1 protest against it ! I won't have it ! Let Shylock have my pound of flesh — let him cut it out from my heart if he pleases, and welcome. I am a rascal, and deserve it all.' 'True, you are a rascal,' returned Lord Kelao laughing, 'but the rascal saved my life.' 'Nonsense !' ' Gentlemen, shall I tell you what he did?' continued Kelso, addressing the amazed company. ' When we were sur rounded by that murdering crew he fought like a hero. All was up with us, when suddenly, without a moment's hesi tation, he sprang out and faced the lsader of the robbers. * Stop !' he cried ; * one moment !' They were so amazed that they ceased firing. { Here are my diamonds,' he cried, 'worth twenty thousand dollars ; they are yours — take them — but spare our lives !' And as he spoke he drew off his rings, his breast pin, and thrust them in the ruffians' hands ; then, before they had recovered from their amazement, returned to the shanty. Gentlemen, that device gave us five minutes ; for the villains surrounded their leader and examined the prize in the moonlight. It was only a brief respite, but it saved us. Presently the attack was renewed. Unable to burst in, they fired the shanty. But even then heaven sent us a preserver. The heroic Dunn Smith, sheriff of Speranza, appeared on the scene and attacked our enemy in the rear. We were saved.' 'By the sheriff,' cried Fotheringay, laughing. ' No, by you ! You saved us ! That device of yours was worthy of a hero — it was sublime ! And the best of the joke was, gentlemen, that those jewels, with which some of the robbers got clean away, were bogus, every one of them, not worth fifty dollars!' ' Which shows,' explained the other, looking round with his grandest air, ** that even sham jewellery may sometimes serve a substantially moral purpose. Can't we possibly apply the lesson sup plied by bogus diamonds to the affairs of a bogus mining company ?' Chapter XV. — The Epilogue. The company fell to pieces, not without considerable scandal, but, fortunately for themselves, the peccant directors managed to escape punishment. On examination it turned out that large sums paid by the shareholders had already been appro priated by Colonel Sloane, who could give no account of them ; but his son-in-law paid the money. Before doing so, how ever, he made it a condition that the colonel should retire from the financial scene, which he did with the greatest ex pedition, and lived in practical seclusion for many years. ' Oh, Jack, how good you are !' said Angela, when this little arrangement had been effected. ' Not at all, little wife,' returned the honest fellow. ' My money is yours, and you are my true Angela, my good angel. Yoy loved me when you thought me a poor beggar, and yourself a rich young lady. I tried you in the furnace of adversity, and I found you — sterling gold!' Then he told her how, despising society and loving adventure, he had roamed the world in disguise, sometimes as a poor artist, sometimes as a common sailor, but always attended by his old boyish friend, - Luke Stafford, son of his father's game keeper. But he had sown his wild oats, he said, and meant to take his bride home to Scotland, there to reign in his ancestral home as Lady Kelso. A full and true account of the great fight in the Speranza mine soon appeared in the newspapers. The first telegram, sent by an excited Canaanite, after a hurried interview with Melvin, had been premature of course; but Fotheringay and Kelso, hearing of it on their arrival in Canaan, had bribed the newspaper cor respondents — gentlemen of easy morality, and easily discovered at the local liquor bars — with large sums to suppress^ further particulars until further notice. This had been done so cleverly that the two gentlemen had been able, as we have seen, to take the mining company by surprise and secure the scoundrel Melvin before he could suspect the truth. In the meantime, however, they had telegraphed to Luke Stafford instructions to warn both Isabel and Angela of the truth, and to arrange a secret meeting in New York. For the rest, they had escaped death by a miracle — or, as Foiheringay after wards expressed it, a miracle of impu dence. The story of the sham jewels was literally true. How Mr. Dunn Smith came to return upon the scene is raadily explainable. Returning homeward in the evening, the belligerent sheriff had by the merest accident caught a glimpse of .one of the gang, whom he seemed to recog nise, ' crawling far up on the mountains. He had pursued him for some distance without success. Then, instead of going home, he determined to reconnoitre a secluded ranclie many miles distant, where he suspected some of the gang might be hiding. Thi3 task occupied several hours, and as he was turning back unsuccessful the storm overtook him. Used to sleep out, he sheltered in the woods ; and at last, when the tempast had spent itself, made fresh tracks for home. It was late in the night when he again reached the road. Scarcely had he done so when he saw Melvin gallop furiously past, and heard shots from the mountains above him. In a moment he suspected the truth, and hastened to the rescue, arriving, after a long climb, just in time to surprise the ruffians in the rear. The affair was speedily decided by his appearance, for his very name appalled the boldest, and several fled away at his first shot ; but three men fell dead to his rifle, and to his great joy he wounded and cap tured the ringleader, Ned Searle, with his own hand. , While touching on the subject, let me chronicle the fact of Kyrle Melvin's con viction' oh the 'criminal charge of con spiracy -to murder. - His trial was a cause ceWr/c; and a godsend to the newspapers. I. cad Kelso and Fotherlrigay became fctie heroes of the hour. Fothsringay parti cularly took the publi* feacy. immensely. Pictures of him appeared un *he, utastwted journals/together with higfeV im&tt;?tlvji sketches of himself and his fr»cnd *£?fd' ing 'the Lonely Shanty in the Golden Gulch.' He was interviewed, of c&k;?39* I am afraid that he rather amazed the in'&t;' viewers by yielding to his natural ta3t^ for romance ; at any rate, in one of the re ports he was described as expressing his belief that he was an illegitimate son of an eminent statesman, by Mdlle. Spelladino, an opera dancer ; in another he talked o£ himself of having been a pirate in boy hood, and of having buried an enormous treasure on an island somewhere in the Tnflia.n seas. He was offered a large sum to stump the country as a lecturer ; while an enthusiastic manager, hearing of hfe former experiences as an actor, was willing to guarantee him three hundred dollars nightly for a year's tour of the principal States of the Union. This was glory, of a sort; but still Fotheringay was not happy. His love for? Isabel Raymond had grown hi proportion to his own sense of moral unworthiness ; he could not forget her, though he en deavored to exile himself from her society. Gloomy and wretched, in spite of his fits of assumed gaiety and the diablerie which startled the interviewers, he kept apart. Since his return he had never spoken one word to her which might have been inter preted as a renewal of his old suit ; indeed, he felt that it was hopeless. Isabel on her side was strangely reticent and reserved. At last, after the trial and condemnation of Melvin, he appeared before her in the hotel where she was staying, and an nounced his approaching departure from America. 'Before I go,' he said, 'let me ask you to forgive me for having troubled your sunny life. We came together by a fatality ; by a fatality, too, we are to part. I shall carry with me, Miss Raymond, the remembrance of your goodness and your, divine forbearance.' Isabel was seated while he bent over her. She looked up quietly and smiled. 'How absurd you are,' she said. ' Will you never take life seriously ?' ^ ' I am serious now' he returned, and indeed his pale face and tremulous voice did not belie his words. ' When I leave you I shall doubtless resume my former, character of light comedian. That is the worst of good acting ! Even when I am in the death agony somebody will see the humor of it, and admire how I carry it off.' ' You are going'away ? Where, pray V 'I haven't the least idea. I shall probably toss up and let the Fate3 de cide !' ' Very ridiculous !' ** Exceedingly — but true ! Mias Riy mond, I shall probably never see you again. ' 'His eyes were full of tears, his voice quite broken. ' If you go, Charles' (how he thrilled at the name !), ' ? what will become of me V ' ' You will be happy, I trust, a3 you deserve to be.' She raised her eyes to his face, and those eyes were tearful too, ' I shall never be happy in this world without you !' she said. He trembled violently, and passed his hand across his. eyes ; then he cried — 'Isabel, don't tempt me! don't make me forget myself again ! You are a star of goodness ; I am a poor moth, already singed by the candle ! I hoped some day to become worthy of you. I know now that is impossible. For God's sake, have pity upon my weakness, and say good* bye !' ' Charles, I love you !' 'Isabel, I have not a penny in ths world.' ' But I am rich.' ' That alone would keep us asunder.' 'Then imagine me poor; or stay! let me put all my money in a gold andsiiver mining company, and so end the matter V And she smiled bewitchingly through her tears. ' It is not only that,' he cried. ' I am an adventurer. My name is a bye word.' ' I like the name.' 'lam a scoundrel !'' ' No, Indeed, you are a hero ! Charles, , be honorable, and remember our com pact. When we first met you were to be come a hero in three years.' ** Or drown myself !' ' Exactly. Well, you have adopted the wiser alternative, and distinguished yourself as I always predicted you would. You have done more — you have conquered yourself, and grown — what does Rosalind say ? — just as high as my heart. If yon abandon me after so long a probation I shall have to drown myself instead of you !' She was irresistible. With a cry of joy he took her in his arms and kissed her again and again. 'My darling!' 'My hero !' ' Ah, don't laugh at me ! Isabel, I'll try with all my might to deserve such happiness. I'll play light comedy no longer, but go in for virtuous leading busi ness. And you don't despise me ? you don't think me a preposterous cad !' It was quite clear that she did not, for she smiled fondly and rested her head on his shoulder. They were interrupted by the sudden entrance of a lady and gentle man. ' ' I beg your pardon,' cried Lord Kelso. 'We ought to have knocked.' said his gentle lady. ' Nevermind,' returned Isabel, laugh ing, *' I'm so glad you have come. I was just telling Mr. Fotheringay that he was a hero after all.' *' So he is, by Jove !' exclaimed his lordship. 'See the daily and weekly journals, passim.' Then Fotheringay, still holding Isabel round the waist, said in the old grand manner — 'What a free and enlightened press says must be true. Suppose, though, we put it in this way — A Hero ix Spite of Himself V [the e-ti-.] 