A STRAIGHT UP-AND-DOWN BEiiiaiOK. I BT THU BBY. T. DH WITT TALMAÔK, D.D.. I 'Amos vii., 8 : ,r And the Lord said unto me I Amos, .what seest thou ?' And 1 said, f A, pluml I line.' " I The solid masonry of the world has to me i 'fascination. Walk about some of ;the triumpha . arohes and the cathedrals, 400 or 600 years old and see them stand "as erect as when they wer« builded, walls of great height for centuries, noi .bending a quarter of an irioh this wai ! or that. So greatly honored were the masons who builded those walls that they were free from taxation and were called "free' i masons. The trowel gets most of thu ! credit for tno3<? buildings, and its clear ringing on stone and briok has sounded across the ages, But there is another implement of just as much importance as the trowel, and my text recognises it.'" Bricklayers, stonemasons, and carpenters, in the building of walls, use an instrument made of a cord,' at the end of which a lump of lead ie fastened. They drop it over tho side of the wall, and, as a plummet naturally seeks the centre ol gravity in the earth, the workman disooverE where the wall recedes, and where it bulges out, ! and just what is the perpendicular. Ourtexl represents God as standing on THE-WALL. OF CHARACTER, whioh the Israelities had built, and in that way measuring it. What the world wants is a straight up-and-down religion. Much of the so-called piety of the day bends this way and that, to suit the times. How shall it be brought into the perpendicular P Only by the Divine measurement. " And the Lord said to me, 'Amos, what seest thou ?' And I said, ' A plumb.lino/ " The whole tendency of the times is to make us aot by the standard of what others do. If they play cards, we play cards. If they danoe, we dance. If .they read certain styles of books, we read certain styles of books. We throw over the wail of our character the tangled plumb line ol other lives, and reject tho infallible test whiob Amos saw. The question for me should not be what you think is right, but what God thinks is right. This perpetual reference to the behavior of others is a mistake as wide as the world. There are ten thousand plumb lines.in use, but only one is true and oxaot, and that is the line of God's . eternal right. There is a mighty attempt being made to reconstruct and fix up tho Ten Command ments. To many they seem too rigid. The tower of Pisa leam? over about thirteen feet from the perpendicular, and people go thousands of miles to see ita graceful inclination, how by extra braces and architectural contrivances it is kept leaning from century to;.fcentüiy. Why not hare the ten granice blocks of Sinai set a little aslant ? -Why not have the pillar of truth a leaning tower P Why is not an oblique as good as straight up and downP My friends, we must have à standard j shall it be God's or man's P j I. FALSE BUSINESS METHODS. ! The Divine plumb line needs to be thrown over all merchandise. Thousands of years ago Solomon discovered the tendency of buyers to depreciate goods. He saw a man beating down an artiole lower and lower, and saying it was not worth the Ítrice asked, and when he had purchased at the owesfc point he told everybody what a sharp bar gain he bad struok, and how he had outwitted the merohant. Proverbs xx., 1 _ : " It is naught, it is naught, "aid the buyer; butwhenheisgonehis way,thon ho boaototh." SoutterJyaskewissooiety in this matter that you seldom find aseller asking the prioe that ho expeots to get. He puts on a higher value than he proposes to receive, knowing that he will have to dr*p. If he wants fifty, he asks for seventy-five, ff ho wanta two thousand, he asks twenty-five hundred. " It is naught," saith the buy or. "Tho fabrio is defective; tho style of ffoods is poor; I can get elsewhere a better article at a smaller price. It is out of fashion ; it ia damaged; it will fade; it will not wear well." Aftor a while the mErtshant, from ovor persuoslon, or from desire to dispoflD $ that par ticular sort of goods, says : " Well, tai- it at your own price." And the purohasor goes hoiie with light Btep, and calls into his private office Lia confidential friends, and ohuokleg while ho tolls bow that for half-prioo he got the goods. In other words ho lies, and ia proud of it. Nothing1 would make times aa good, and ttuf earning of a livelihood so easy,, aa. tho universal adoption of the law of rights Suspicion strikes through all bargain-making'. Men ?who sell know not whether they will ever get the money. Purchasers know not whether the gooda ßhlppedwill ho according to the sample. When people tell me at what a ruinously low price they purchased anartiole, it gives me more dismay than satisfaction.' I know it means the bankruptcy and defalcation of men in many departments. Tho men who toil with the brain need full as much sympathy as those who toil with tho hand. All business life is struck through with suspicion, and panics are only the result of want of confidence. II,-SOAP-BUBBLE THEOLOGY.. ? In the samo way we need to measure our theologies. All sorts of religion are putting forth their pretensions. Some have a spiritualistic. ¡religion, and their chief work is with ghosts; and others a religion pf .political economy, proposing to put an end to human misery hy a new style of taxation. There ia' a humanitarian religion, that looks after the body of man aud lets its soul look after itself ; a legislative religion, that pro Í)Oses to rectify all wrongs by enactment of better aws j an coathotio religion, that by rules of exquisite taste would lift the heart out of its deformities, and religions of all sorts, religions by the peok, religions by the square foot, and religions by the ton-all of them devices of the devil that would take the heart away from tho only, religion that will ever, effect anything for tho human race,* That is the straight up-and-down religion written in the .'book which' begins with Genesis and en3s "with Revelation, the religion of the skies the old religion, tho God-given religion, the everlasting ^religion, whtoh says, " Love "God abpve all, and your neighbor as yourself.",."[ AU religions but the one begin at the wrong end, and in the wrong place. Bible religion demands that' we .. FIRST GET EIGHT WITH GOD. It begins at" the top and measures down, while the other religions begin at tho bottom and try to measure up. They stand at the foot pf the wall, up to their knees in the mud of human theory and speculation, and have a plummet and a string tied fast to it. And . they throw., the, plummet this way, and break a head there, and throw the plummet another way and break a head there, and then they throw it up and it comes down upon their own pates. Fools I ; Why will you stand at the foot of tho Vail measuring up, when you ought ' to stand at the top measuring down? A few days ago I was in" the,, country thirsty af tor a long walk. I came in, aaa my ohild waa blowing soap bubbles, and . they rolled , out of the cup, blue, and gold, and green, sparkling and beauti ful. In BO small a space I never saw more splendor concentrated. But she blew, once too often, and all tho glory vanished into suds. Then I turned and took a glass of plain water and waa refreshed'.' And so far as soul thirst ia concerned, I put against all the glowing", glittering soap bubbles of worldly reform and human speculation one draught from the .fountain from under the throne of God, clear as orystal. Glory be to God for the religion that drops from above, not coming up from beneath ! ' " And tho Lord said unto me, * Amos, what seest thou P ' And I said, 'A plumb line.'" . THE FREE-THINKER'S HEAVEN. ' I want you to notioe this f aot, that when a man gives up tho straight up-and- down religion in the Bible for any new fangled religion, it is generally to suit his sins. You first hear of his change of religion, and then you hear of some swindle he has practised in mining stock, telling some one if he will put in 10,000dol he can take out 100,000dol, or he has sacrificed his chastity, or 'plunged into irremediable worldliness. His sins are so broad he has to broaden his re ligion, and he becomes aa broad as temptation, as broad as the soul's darkness, as broad as hell. They want a religion that will allow them te keep their sins, and then at death say to them t " Well done, good and faithful servant ;" that tells them, "All is well, for there is no hell." What a glorious heaven they hold before us 1 Come'; let us go in and seo it. Thoro is Herod playing with the babes he massaored. There is Charles Guiteau, and Jim Fisk, and Robespierre, the friend of tho French guillotine, and all the liars, thieves, houseburners, garrottera, pickpockets and libertines of all the centuries. They have all got crowns and thrones, and harps and sceptres, and when they, chant, they sing;;: '^Thanksgiving, and honor, and glory, andpower to the broad religion that let ua all into Heaven without repentance and faith in those disgraoe ful doginas of ecclesiastical old fogyism." - VALUE. OF. BEGINNING EIGHT. My text gives mo a grand opportunity of saying a word to young men who aro now forming habits for a lifotime. One of the best friends I ever hod died of delirium tremens at 60, though he had not sinoe 21 years of age-before which he had been dissipated - touohed intoxicating liquor until that particular carousal that took.him off, Not feeling well in a Btreet on a hot summer day, he stepped into a drug store, just as you or I would have dono, and asked for a dose of some thing to make him feel better. There was alcohol in the dose. That ono drop aroused the old appe tite. He entered the first liquor store; stayed there until thoroughly under the power. He entered his home a raving maniac, his wife and daughters fleeing from his presence, until he was taken to the city hospital to die. The combusti ble material of early habit had lain quiet nearly forty years, and THAT ONE SPAKE ignited tho conflagration. Remember that th* wall may bo 1O0 feet high, and yet a deflection 1 feet from tho foundation alfeotsthe entire struoture. If you live 1O0 years and do right tho last eighty, you may nevertheless do something at twenty that will dnmage all your earthly existence. You cannot build a wall so high as to bo independent oí the character of its foundation P Young man, say her'C »nd now: "No wild pata for me, no oleara for meyjao wine or beer for mo, no nasty i ?tories for me, no. Sunday Bprees forme. > I am going to start right and keep on right. God help ste, for I am weak. From the throne of eternal righteousness let down to me the principles by whion I can iba guided in building everything from foundation to capstone.. Lord God, by the wounded hand of Christ, throw me a plumb liner Lord Nelson's general direction when going into naval battle waB, no man can do wrong that Ëacea his ship close alongside that of the enemy, y friend, you will never do wrong if you keep your life dose alongside the Ten Command ments. TRUE AND FALSE PLEASURE. . "But," you say, "would you shut us young folks out from all fun P " Oh, no I I believe in fun. I have had lots of it in my time. But I nave not had to go into the paths of sin to find it. No credit to me, but because of an extraordi nary parental example and influence J waa kept from outward transgressions, though my ïeart was bad enough and desperately wicked. I have had fun illimitable, though I never swore ono oath, and never gam bled for so much as the value of a pin, and never saw the inside of a haunt of sin save as when, ten years ago, with a commissioner of police and a detective and two elders of my church, I explored these cities by midnight, not out of curiosity, but that I mi#ht in pulpit discourse set before the people the poverty and the horrors; of imdergroundcity life. Yet X have had so much fun that I don't believe there is a man on the planet in the present time who has had more. Hear it, men and boys, women and girls, all the fan is on the side of right. Sin may seem attrac tive, but it is deathful, and like the manchi neel, a tree whose dews are poisonous. The only genuine happiness is in an honest Christian life. There they go-two broto ers. The one was oonverted a year ago in ohuroh, one Sunday morning, during prayer. No one knew of it at the time. The Îeraons on either side of him suspeoted nothing, nt in that young man's soul this process went on: "Lord, here I am, a young man amid the temptations of city life, and I am afraid to risk them alone. Come and be my pardon and say help. Save me from making the mistake that some of my comrades are making. Save me ¿ow." And quioker than a flash God rolled Heaven into his soul. He is just as jolly as he wed to be. He oan strike a ball or catch one as tasily as before he was converted. With gun or fishing-rod this summer he was just as skilful as before. The world is brighter than ever. He appreciates piotiires, music, innocent hilarity, ?omal life, good jokes, and has plenty of fun j first-class fun. But his brother is . GOING DOWN HILL. V In the morning his head aches from the cham pagne debauoh. Everybody secs he is in rapid descent. Wliat oat ea he for right, or decency, or the honor of hie family name P Turned out of tmployment, depleted in health, cast down in spirits, typhoid fever strikes him in the smallest rocm on the fourth storey of a fifth-rate boarding house, cursing God, and oalling for his mother, and fighting blaok demons from his pillow, which ia besweatod and torn to rags. He plunges out of this world with the shriek of a destroyed spirit. Alas for toat kind of fun I It is remorse. It is despair. It is blackness and darkness. My soul, ?tand back from such fun. Young man, there is no fun.in shipwrecking your charaoter, no fun in disgracing your father's name. There is no fun In breaking your mother's heart. There is no fun tn the physical pangs of the dissolute. There is no fun in the profligate's death bed. There ia no fun In an undone eternity. I* :. THE DIVINE TEST. .i .Oh, this plumb line of everlasting right I God will, throw it over all our lives to show na our moral deflections. God will throw it over all ehurohoa to show whether they are doing useful work or are standing instances of idleness and Sretence. He will throw it over all nations to emonstrate whether their laws are just or cruel, j their rulers good or bad, their ambitions holy or | infamous. He threw that plumb line over the Spanish monarchy of other days, and what became of her? Ask the splintered bulks of her overthrown Armada. He threw it over French i imperialism, and what was the result? Ask the ruins of the Tuileries, the fallen column of the Place Vendome, the grave trenches of Sedan, the blood of revolutions at different times rolling through toe Champs Elysees. He threw it over, . ancient Rome, and what became of the realm of tho CtBBars P Ask her war-eagles, with beak dulled and wings broken, flung helpless into the Tiber. God is now throwing that plumb line over this American 'Republic, and it is a solemn timo with this nation. Whether we keep His Sabbaths or dishonor them, whether righteousness or iniquity dominate, whether we are Christian or infidel, whether wo fulfil our mission or refuse it, whether we are for God or against him, will decide whether we shall, as a nation, go on in higher and higher caropr, or go down in the same grave where Babylon, Nineveh, Thebes, and Assyria are lepulohred. MADE STRAIGHT BY THE CROSS. . f«But," say you, "if there bo nothing: but a plumb line, what can any of us doP There is an old proverb: 'If the best man's faults were written on his forehead, it would make him pull his hat over his eyes.' What Bhall we do when . God shall lay judgment to the line and righteous ness to the plummet ?" Ah, here is where tho Gospel comes in witn a Saviour's righteousness to make up for our deficits. And while I see hang- j ing on the wall a plumb line, I seo also hanging there a oross. The one condemns us, the other Baves us, if only we will hold to it. Hero and now you may be set free"with a more glorious liberty than Hampden, or Sidney, or a .Kosciusko ever fought for. Not out yonder, or down there, or'! np here, but just where you are, you may got it. THE INVALID proprietress of a wealthy eßtato in Scotland Visited Europe to get ria of her maladies. She . went to Baden Baden and tried those waters, to Carlsbad , and tried those waters, to Homburgh and tried those waters, and instead of getting better ano got i ?1 ..... / . ? í . ! "? , worse* In' despair, Bhe said to a physician: " What shall I do P" His reply was : " Medioine can do nothing for you. You have one chance in tho waters of Pit-keathy, Scotland." " Is it pos sible ?" she replied, "why, those waters are on my own estate." She returned, drank of the fountain at her own gate, and in two months completely reoovered. Oh, sick, diseased, sinning, dying hearer, why go trudging all the world over, I seeking here and there relief for your discouraged ! spirit, when close by, at your very feet, at the door of your heart, aye, within the very estate of your own consciousness, the healing waters of eternal life may be had, and had thia very ' minute, this very-Sabbath ? Blessed be God that over-against the plumb line that Amos saw is the cross, through the emancipating power of which you andi may live and live for ever. 