Clmrcli of England Parsonage, St. Marys. LAYING THE CORNER STONE. Friday week last may well bo called a red, letter day for the usually quiet village of St. Marys, the occasion being the laying of a comer stono of the now parsonage by His Lordship the. l'rimate. The affair was well advertised, both by advertisement in the local paper,aiyl the distribution of circulars, the result being that between two and three hundred leading residents of the district Attended, , many of whom were membeis of other churches, The arrangements wore not very complete, but still, considering that the affair was hurriedly got up, those interested did well to have matters as well as they did, although we might at this stage offer a suggestion, that is—in all futuro gathorings of the kind, if they wish to be reported, they should make some better provision for the press. On Friday our reporter had to make a writing desk- out of a slack of bricks, and had to use a couple of bricks to stand on, with the result that he could scarcely take any notes at all. This was an over sight. no doubt, and our only reason for now men tioning it is to account for the briefness of His Lordship's speech. A most efficient choir sang several selections, and the proceedings throughout wero of a very orderly and enthusiastic character. The following rev. gentlemen were present, viz.: His Lordship the Primate, the Ven. Archdeacon of ; Cumberland, ltov. O. Brown (rural dean), Dr. Corlette, Revs. Charles Baber, J. Spooner, H. Tate, A, 0. Corlette, II. Fryer, and others, The officers and leading members of both St. Marys and St. Aubyn's churches were also present. A platform had been erected at the south west corner of the building for the accommodation of His Lordship and a few other gentlemen. The architect of the building is Mr. Arthur Blackett, of Blackett Bros., Sydney, and Mr. A. M. Allen, contractor. After a short service, in which hymn 440Oh God our help in ages past, 4tc." and " Glorious things of Thee are spoken, were nicely rendered by the choir, His Lordship proceeded to lay the corner stone. Every, thing having been got in readiness (His Lordship procuring his own trowel and mallet, as ho said he , did not wish to put the committee to any expense . - on that account) the scroll, together with coins ' of the realm and copies of the Sydney papers and the Nepcan Timet, was pnclosed in a sealed bottle, and was placed in the cavity under the stone, was ' read. The scroll, engrossed on parchment, was the handiwork of Mr. T. IS. Dryhurst, of the St. Marys Publio School, and run as,follows " This corner stono was laid by the Right Rev, Alfred Barry, Bishop of' Sydney and Primate of Australia, on the 18th of November, in the jubi , ■ lee year of the reign of Her Most Gracious . Queen: Victoria, in the year of our Lord, one thou sand eight hundred nnd eighty seven ; and during the governorship of the Right Honourable Charles Robert, Baron Carringteu, a member of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, Knight Grand Cross.. of thu most distinguished order of St. Michael and St, George, Governor and Com mander-in-Chief of N.S. Wales and its depend encies. " The Ven. the Archdeacon of Cumberland (R. L. King); the Rev, G. Brown, rural dean ; the Rev. A. C. Corlctto, first incumbent of St. Mary's (Hag dalcno) nnd St. Alban's. , " Churchwardens : John King Lethbridge,William Beacroft, William J. B, Nealo. Sidesmen : George Turner, Thos E. Dryhuret James Gow, John Herford, Joseph H. Sainsbury, Georgo Bennett, John Stevens, John Alleu. "Henry Burgers, sex ■■ ton. - : ■'Arthur Blackott, architect; Alexander M, Allan, contractor. "Robert Robinson, Hon. Seeretnry Building Committee." : The stone having been well and truly laid by His t LordBhip, these words being used " In the faith of ' Jesus Christ, with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay the foundation stone of this parsonage ; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost—amen," His Lordship said he had been asked to say a fow words by the way of an address. If he took any text it would bo from the psalm they had recited that day, The toying of n foundation stone of a parsouage was usually done with oon siderable solemnity, and although there was not the same amount of solemnity with regard to tho foun dation stone of a parsonage there were three ideas that presented themselves. The laying of such a stone represented one idea of inflnito importance, and that was social life. Tho idea was ono of great beauty, nnd should teach many lessons. He referred to tho epistle of St. Paul with regard to tho position of husband and wife with regard to tho church, and to what effect such a life in connection with christian churches had upon the congregation. Tho second idea was that in the parsonage an oxnmple of home life should bo shown, nnd tlio clergyman, by constantly going among his people, should in crease their rotative friendship with regard to their church. For tho sake of Jesus Christ they should always try, by phowing an example to the people, lo bring matters in connection with their church into every day life. The third idea was that thp church d}d pot cpuntpnauco celibacy among t^eir plbrgymon, by celibacy ho must be separate^ from his people. Tho minister of phfist, except on pensionary work, should, tfoereforp, bp a pmrrie4 (nan, so' tjiat ho should the pettpr uf«|prtf»kp Ijiq pjWtoyaJ fluffs, Among tjjo JeffSBpqno wfts fvl.. lowed to sit in the Supreme Council unless he were not only a married man but a husband and father, because he could not, unless he were eucIi, properly understand his position. The same could be said of their clergymen. The ceremony that day had sug gested that the people should support and help their clergymen. His Lordship concluded by pronounc ing the benediction. A telegram was rrceived from the Bev, John Vaughan, a former incumbent, regretting his ina bility to be present. A latter was also received from Mr, S, K, Lees. M.P., enclosing a cheque for one guinea, aUo apologising for his absence. A collection was taken up, and £10 realised. His Lordship conducted a special service in the evening, the church being crowded to excess. 