cauiifield tb&xetxkg; NOrES. Hubihg the week the weather baa not been very pleasant for training operations, but, owiug to the courtesy of the secretary of the V.A.T.C., tbe course proper was thrown open to the owners and trainers having horses engaged in tbo Newmarket Handicap and Australiau Cup. Of the can didates engaged in the former event Master John, who will be steered by Gorry, has done good useful work over aix furloogs, in company with Beckwitb. On Saturday he ran the distance in lmio. ISaec. Agoes is a very slippery lady over tbo asme distance, and has done eoiue good work. Kenneth, X am sorry to say, is suffering from rheuma tism. Newmastor went a very good gallop yesterday with Pour Jim and Gasburnir One of the fiaeet-liouking horses here Is Chioago, by Tbe Drummer out of Coriaaudej who has undergone a thorough preparation, and looke freeh and well. He has betn working in oompaoy wiih Bonnie Doon, W o also iouks and goto well. Silvermine, who etill seems to go a bit short, bas been woik ing on tbe tan in oompaoy with Gentility. Phaoo has also been doing strong work over a mile ; be left for headquarters on Sunday in oompaoy with Gipsy'e Warning and Faugh - a- B ilUgL N. Campbell hae Lrd Allen looking well ; the sou of Napoleon has been treated to strong work over five furlongs in company with Blondin. Highland Ouief hae been allotted gentle exercise on the tan. Fouleham's Ladv Lovell and Rosewood have been spurting five furloogs, Marmion has been striding along on the tun ; Fernan dez and Kohai have doue serviceable work j Abydos, Cbanter, Solo, and Trenton have been absent, but I am informed the latter will shortly go into work again. Carter has got a trio in work— viz., Sydney, Favo, and Ambassadress, the former is rapidly getting into condition, but is rather fretful. Kollj's pair of hurdle racers, Yandcrbilt and Revenge, who both look und go well, have been doing good sound work on tbe sand and tan. Lord Cochrane, Bridegroom, and the remainder of. the team have been duing healthy exercise. Kiug's pair, and Reticent, have be< n given long, ueetul work uu the tan; the former is beiouing to lock well. Batty'e Hf»zrd and Bofrbaiao have been treated to a bit tf thuotiug over tbo emnll etioks, which they nejvotiait-iiclevetly. Sloik man and the bav horse unnamed have been striding along on the lun. Bence'e Gildy, who is a very slippery customer on a mile, Firrt Pop, Cadland, Boas (a new addition by Kettledrum), Footman, and the Liberator colt have all been d.ing useful work. The ill-treated Berkeley has been given strong work over five furlongs. Jones has a large string on baud, viz., Lizette, who looks fresh and well, and baa done good long woik over three miles, Good wood being eimtiiarlv treated. Epicurean, Mia Mia, Violet, and Deiamia have beeu exercised over four and five furlongs. Lid- dington,' Louisa BerLa, and Louis II. have also done useful work over short distances. Harper has been sending Uncas strong work over a mile, while Forsaken, Carnival, Nectarine, Julian Gray, and Tabby have been spurting over four and five furlongs. Connolly's Lady Ashton, Nabocklisb, Sweetmeat, Banker, and a huatcr not named, have all done ueeful work orcr two and tbrca miles on the tan. Roy, who is a very promising hurdle-racer, has done long, ueeful work, occasionally jumping the echooling hurdles. Beelzebub, Upper Crust, Geral- dine, and The Loafer are all going well. The former left yesterday for Seymour. Roberts has been giving Patience, Cricket, and Spider nice striding exercise on the tan. Reids, string has been inoviog along during tiie week. Ou Thursday Hot Iron ran a fast nine furlongs, Grace Darling and Kitty Fisher astictiog him at various parts of the journey. Marlborough, Luhologist, The Ghost, and Bar One have been given strong work over four and five furlongs. Davis Dargo has been ecfaooled over the hurdles, jumping none too well. Meeracbaum, David, and Dexter have been doing useful work. Moran's King of the West, Jack, and Jim Cain hare done good eubstaqtial work on the grass, the former, who looks none the worse for his defeat here, ie doing splendidly. Carriogtpn, Phenonomcn, "Victor, and Gf(ccu» lus Eeuriens are all doing useful work. The privileges in eonnection with the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting were dispoBed of at Kirk's Bazaar ou Monday by MesBre. Campbell. Pratt and Co. at the following prioeB : — No. 5 booth on hill, H. Skinner, £70 ; No. 6 do., H. Skinner, £40 ; No. 5 bar, under hill grand stand, H. Skinner, £60 ; No. 4 do., Mrs. Burke, £55 ; No. 3 do., Mr. Scudda, £55 ; No. 2 do., Mr. Hamilton, £40; No. 1 do., P. H. Hey nolds, £45; No. 10 booth on hill, G. Goble, £32 XOs. ; fruit eite on hill, Mr. Francis, £10 ; oyster and fried fiah stall, Mr. Francis, £6 ; No. 8 booth on fiat, Hy. Skinner, £35 ; No. 6 do., W. Durosa, £37 10a. ; No. 4 do., M. Gately, £19 ; No. 2 do., M. Gately, £13 , outer carriage paddock, E. Samuel, £26 ; gates, Benson, LI80. 