TO CORRESPONDENTS. "M. DAVIS" and "HUMBUG."-'\Va have had. quite enough on the Yanyarrie ghost j business, unless correspondents have really something new to communicate. Now that Parliament is in session we have no room for mere speculation. "ONE OP THIMJ" S'rang ways Springs. Write a proper letter. "J. C. KIRBY."-Your letter should have appeared before, but having closed the discus sion on "the laying on of hands" we must now withdraw it. "VERITAS," referring to the announcement of the intention of Orangemen to present a testimonial to the "Escaped Nun/' says: " It has not been mentioned whether it is to be in the cheap form of an address or in money. If in cash, I wish to suggest that in these hard times no money should b8 carried out of the colony, especially when there ia now an available fund subscribed in Dublin for the purpose of rewarding converts who lecture against Romanism. If the testimonial has already been presented my suggestion may still be useful. The subscribers can be repaid from this fund by making application to the wor shipful grand master ia Dublin. This fund is calk d the Rev. Dr. Keatinge's Testimonial 1 Fund." Our correspondent gives a history of how this fund was formed, and refers to the London Times and other London papers of December 8 and 9 in support of his statements. To publish tbe letter of "Veritas" as seat would be to provoke correspjndence for which we have no space. "TRADESMAN," Wirrabara, sends us a long letter, in which he endeavors to Ehow that the Jubilee Exhibition cannot be otherwise than barren of good results. He thinks that it was a pity more of the successful candidates for seatB in Parliament did not, as the majority of the electors wished them to do, oppose the Bill when before the House; that the benefits to be derived by the community in the city during the running of the big Bhow will riot nearly compensate for the stagnation which must necessarily follow; that tradesmen of all classes in the country districts will suffer still inore than they are doing now; and that many who have struggled on so far through the great depression will have to succumb in con sequent as numbers of debtors to them " will sci"5Pe up enough money to enable them to attend t^ show of the products of ot.^er cations whether tkey afford it or not, and return to the country poorer, even if wiser, than ever. -' Our correspondent complains that " all this is being done simply to indulge the aims of a few city men and against the wishes of the country." " CONTEACTOS," Bluinberg, complains of the way in which the affairs of the Talunga District Council are conducted. He Btates that the lowest tender in many cases is not accepted, although the con tractor may be a competent man to carry out the work; that the advertisementcalliog for tenders do not state when or where the tenders will be accepted ; but that instead'of this " you may, a few days after the council meeting held next after the advertisements have appeared, hear that a notice has been Btuck up in some public place that tenders have to be sent in to some particular councillor within a very short period, which notice may have been taken down the same day it was hung up, and very few contractors may have seen or heard of it; thus contracts may be seen going 10 or 15 per cent, higher than they should have done." Our correspondent thinks that two or three councillors should be present when ten der* are opened to see that contractors get fair play. "W.AGEE."-North-terrace is 2,300 yards long. "G. F. HOPKINS" writes:-"In reply to the remarks by a ' Portonian,' will you kindly assist me to ease down the anxiety of yciur correspondent by informing him that I waB present at the meeting referred to ? My name was omitted in the Advertiser report, which did not claim to give all the names. I am much pleased to learn that this particular Portonian who- styles himself ' We the elec tors' has his eye on me. It will no doubt heip to keep the hinges working smoothly." " BACKWOODSMAN," Franklin Harbor.-The proper way to find the contents of a cylindrical tank is to square the diameter, multiply by '7854, and then multiply by the depth. The other way you mention will give an approxi mate result, but nothing more. "H, V. KOGEKS" recommends importers to assist colonial producers as far asjpossible by using their capital here and refraining from pushing imported goods. He also advocates moderate protection as opposed to free-trade or prohibition. "EJEKO," Kooringa,-The problem is to be solved as follows:-Let x be the number of days in which A can do the work; then A and B can do respectively 1 by x and 1 by x+12 of the work in one day. Therefore 1 by rc-f-1 oy x -H2=yW which is brought down into the quadratic equation 5x2-84a=S64, Divide by 5 and add the square of half the co efficient of x, and the result will be a2-sa x + ("!5S)2=~5i+1 H4. Extract-the square root and simplify down, and the result will be sc=24. 