DR SEVAN'S SERMONS TO BUSINESS MEN- On Thursday morning, 3rd March, Dr Bovan preached ono of his sermons to business mon, choosing for his text the following words from Philippmm ill., 20. 21 " Por our conversn- tion is in Heaven : from whence also wo look f... Hnvinur Lord Jesus Christ : who shall change our vilo Unly that it may bo fashioned liknimto His glorious body, according to tho working whereby He is able oven to subdue all tilings Ulito Himself." .How much wo have lost in the change and limita tions of tho old word conversation. It represents and formerly meant mode of life, conduct— all that went to make up ft man's character and notions. It was then specially applied to the piirt of his doing which is found in his com munication with other poisons by speech, and at last has been limited to this meaning alto gether, the interchange, by talk, of opinion and feeling between two or moro persons. Let us give it to-day the rriginal and largo mean ing which it bears in our text — the entire scupo and intention of all that a man is and does. We hnvo here, then, human lifo in its clovated conception and |>owcr, by tho ex pectancy of a future manifestation of .Testis Christ, who will thou cliungo what is baso m our nature, autl give to us tho complete and glorious resemblance of His all-radiant, all- 1 triumphant being. A magnificent idea 1 An irresistible influence I . In tho first phtco the Cluistian lifo bears a relation to an unseen world. Whatever may bo our views concerning the locality of Heaven, it is clear that hero tho Ajxwtle is not referring to it placo merely, but rather to a stato and a condition ; or, if we insist ujkhi localising Heaven, tho reference horn must be to influences which are drawn thence and manifested in our mode of lifo while upon oarth. Christianity, therefore, is a conduct and a character, the elements of which are not expended universally in relation to the present and the seen, but find their real strength, as they will attain to their pure perfection, in a state ro- moved from the earth, judgment of which, tho possibilities of which, the perfection of whicn, are all certainly far away from that which belongs to tuuo and sense. Lot us note some of the elements winch belong to the heavenly character of our conversation. First of all there is a constant reference to tho presence and the power of God. It is >ossiblo to Jivo without tne thought of a Supremo Being, to Whom allegiance, duty and gratitude are all owing. Men can grow, and feod, and enjoy tho senses and the reason, and secure tho peri>otuatiou of their kind, and dio without any thought of Gml. But such a life as that is certamly not tho Christiau conver sation. It recognises the original of lite. It sees a fncu bent down from the sky, bright as the sun, glowing as the firma ment, beautiful with love, and care, and pity.. It feels a presence everywhere, that is as a pure breeze from tho ocean ; that is liko tho protecting arm of a mother. The silence is some times broken by a voice sweet and gentle calling to worship or to duty. Christian con versation fills tho universe with a Father's love, and turns the illimitablo theatre of apace into tho bright warm confines of a Father's, home. It thus explores the outside possibilities of thought nud .imagination, aud makes thorn all vital aud .real, with a personal presence, with a gracious loving. It enters into tho deepest secrets of tho soul, and though there may be tho caverns where brood sins and sorrows, dork memories of evils posf, and dark forebodings of evils yet to come, it sheds iuto tho dimmest recess the light of a Divine pardou and the joy of a Divine promise, and so filling all being, past, present ftnd future, with the bliss of Heaven. Its wraps the soul in tho blessedness of tlii Heavenly life, for onr conversation is in Heaven. And not only does life beoomo filled thus with the presence of .God ; it is peopled also by couutloas personalities, who, upon tho plane of a common creation with oursolvos,, make up a glad companionship for tlii: spirit that were else all solitary. Christian- life says very lirtlo about the angels, but it at least gives us hints of thoir being, and declares, that they are ministers of God. Heaven is no future city merely whero wo are to behold the vast concourses of spiritual activity pressing along its golden streets aud wandering by tho side of its living streams. Heaven is not only the temple of God, which shall bo revealed to our astonished gaze. in which cue mug range ui sernpnicno6is siiau be seen, liko clouds floating before the throne of Him who Bits thereon, high, exalted, and pontine foui thoir voices the full flood of praise, that breaks like the waves of tho incoming tide upon tho feat? of God. Heaven is now, and here, and around about ua evor, and the heavenly ones are wait ing with somo gracious sorviCA to be rendered, guiding our wandering feet, holding us when wo stumble, whisperiug words of ' gracious heartening when our spirits droop, and tho grey cold sorrow gathers about us liko a veil. And we shall do no violence, brethren, to truth and tho premier conclusion of the limits whioh Scriptures- affords, if we fill tho heavenly lifo with the spiriti. not only of angolio beings, but also with the spirits of those who have passed; before us into the unseen world. Those are not dead with the immobility of tho stone, and the decay of the flower, and tho ceasing of the brute. Tbey livo iu a higher lifo than their' was, and our's is, but yet a life not separate from this. Thoy are not far away. To them this world is visible, though to us their's is unseen. And as in God's world, especially in God's HoAven, all beings do their service and discharge some role of active beneficence, we may bo Bare that tho departed are set upon somo ministry of goodness, some servico that is true- bliss. And what can bo higher than to help on the struggling ones, to cheer tho faint and to inspire the feeblo ? Wo call it memory and imagination when they seem to invito us and bring their gifts of strength. But what is your memory aud your imagination but oftou tne names of your ignorance ? Why, is it not tho very proseuco of those who have gone from tho eyo of sense, only that they may more effectually minister in that Heaven wherein is our conversation? But all this thnughtof communion with God, and the beings who dwell in the unseen world! ' is rendered much more real and effective when we retDDinbur that by tho presonco and tho grace of tho Holy Spirit we evor have tho fellowship which Christ promised to his disciples. Tho sense of the divine presence may' well evaporato in theology and philosophy, which belong to tho sphere of tho rational, and so lose any real and vital connexion with onr present aud practical lifo. The ministry of angels and of tho departed may also become at last a mere (Kxitrinu of ghosts a thin and limp spiritualism, or the veriest seutimentalism 'of a sickly romance But the historic Jesus, who w as flesh of our flesh and bone of our bone. Who lived our life and died after the fashiou of our dying left as a legacy to llis people among tho rich largesses ot His divine bounty, the promise of Hia ceaseless prcsenco and the f nee of the Holy Spirit— indeed. His presence He unseen, not tangible with thn mont of the wanes, but none the less renl and powerful. The most inigh ly faces are not ahvavs tho visible— not oven sensible. They only act unawares, and mnnifcstthemscives by their effects, and so it is with tho Spirit Whom Christ sends from tho Father, and m whoso power He is present. The presence of siiiritual beings is their effectiveness, and so Christ is operative amongst His people and mighty to save and bless. Do you ask mo where, is Heaven? I can oulv -,.„wr.r ; wiiero Chriat is, and a, FT- a-if." thS.o trust Him, theirconveixation becomes a con versation !!5 Heaven because it is their liio in Christ T need not remind you of tho modes in which the Heavenly presence of Jesus is experienced. IIi« word is instinctive, weare made to have fellowship with Ilia Buiiermgs, and couforir.hble to His death. His spirit changes our heart. Ho f,iU us with all tt-.e prace3 that are bom of me Spirit. He cheers, He animates, makc3 us ko that wo are strong to bear tho burden, victorious in life's battle, hopeful of the future bliss, and at times by thogruco He gives we sen the end of the pilgrimage, however clouds and dark ness may enshroud the jrath that lies between, and tho end is the pearly gate ot glory, the reward of labors, tho rapture of eternal life. Our lifo is hid with Christ in God, and our conversation is in Heaven. It is not difficult now then to perceive some of the moral rpmlilies which beloug to tho heavenly conversation. It is not only in tho companionship of Heaven that we find the character of tho Christian life, but tne uiodos of conduct, the energizing forces, tho aims and aspirations which belong to the unseen nnd spiritual life become more or l«-a cuiiiplrtely, but over growingly com pletely, tho cliaracb-'ristica of the conversation. To somo extent there is an antagonism be tween tho invisible and the visible life, for the forces which opj/ose God, ami iu that deep mystery of the umvorao have defied Him, and become to Him, are able to «-»7cct their purposes worn resolutely and absolutely by means of tho visible and sensible world, so that tho world of sense has to bo overcome 'by tho heavenly life. Hence tho senses must not bo absolute. They are to bo governed, ehactmied, evetveaatdown and destroyed. It may bo through fire that wo shall attain unto salvation, and much of the lower life will be cousuined in that terrible burning. 13ufc at times the visible may become the minuter of the invisible. Indeed, tfi6l)ivme ideal is tho harmony of the outer nud thojnner life. So that physical and tem- jxrral Lhingtf are not only in tho one or two cuoHcn substances familiar to tho Christian rite symbolic of the spiritual, but alto- gether, and for ever, thoy are to bo . converted into the instruments, nnd therefore the sacraments of God and the bouI. Thus tho conversation in Heaven ib uot other worldly. but it is to be this world inspired with tho eternal spirit. -You mint not, therefore, go away from present duty, oven though it bo tho meanest aud the most contemptible, in order that you may find some higher mode of showing your faith and your love, and' your iKiti»nco and your purity ; but you must abide in tho place where God has put yon, and there aid in Kueh fashion as is appointed to secure their full heavenly character, %i Lot mo bo with Thee," cries the healed man to Christ. " Nay. " answer the Master, " go home and to thy wife ami children, and thy t fiends, shew thyself tho changed and punflod ono, and toll thorn of tho Saviour who lieahxi thee. " They loft all to follow llim, and yet Avium in "latyr time thoy returned to their old duty and went a fishing, Ho nj»- l»tarod to thorn aiul showed thorn whore to toil, ami blessed their work. What a lesson for lifo then wo gather hero, brethren! Heavenly converse may sometimes bo tho sublimo testacy ot llim who ifl iu vision and walking with the angels, and conversing with tho saints ; but it may bo also, nud believe uio it is most often, doing the simple duties of our life iu tho highest spirit. Son ami daughter of toil despise not the room in which you drudge, the desk at which you grew weary, the place of exchange that seems often n don of thieves rather than a temple, iho noise or children, the life that makes you care so much more for tho things of your husband, aud less for tho thiugs of the Lord. Despair not, even in iho midst of tho sorrows ami pains that bewildor and almost throw you into tho grief of insensibility. See yonder mountain. Its foot stretches out into tho valley where flows a rivur upon which float the busy vessels that ply their trade. Crowded cities aro on tho plain from which it rises, hoarao _ with tho cries of vulgar crowds, black with tho grimy smoke of pestiferous manufactures. U>on its first uplands arc the toilers of the soil, digging for tho hard pittance of daily support. Cattlo fatted for tho butcher, sheep silly and slow, laden with their heavy fleece of woo!, browao on tho herbage of its hills llighor up tbo forests grew, where tho lioru of the hunter, or the ring of the feller's axe startle the birds to siiunco and to flight, and waken the echoes which tell of uiau's greed and lust of murder, Higher, aud higher still, till tho luouutaius' green sioims are scarred with the miner's labors, and Lft mdoous with the refuse of tho wealth that ho throws up while soarcliing for tho metals which gleam with tho re flection of tho minor's eye, searching for his gain. Then over all, heavy, dark, and threatening thostormcloudsgathor, that break st times into thunder, and, spread terror aud destruction on all beneath. But look higher, sco the mountain summit. It riso3 into tho azure of tho sky. Upon it rests tho light of Heavon. There tho first beams of early morning break There linger the last rosoato hues of sunset. There sleeps tho darkness, glistening with tho stars of beauty. And thence, flow down tho gathered treasures of tho rich lifo of tho firum- monb to refresh and reuow and cleanse all forms of all conditions that lie beiow. Christian, live the mountain lifo. Lot tho height of your nature ascend into the light tho life of Gou. This is tho couvoreatiou which wo may have in Hoaven. 