212\. PELL. ROEISSONS S OPENED G LECTURE. T? t- e is t reoe o'c ;c_ Saturiay e?t?an the F:_e the i er c! the Bijue the're, and the o:-"sa -Mr. Phil. imn'e.'- f-" apsp?_aace in ý".:', n = a p Ice =s, E.a." aseat iu te as ak d eta : d asc loa -.pant, and toe t.--a.- e ?l - tatter. The a p-i.oz the `;-. frlZaend ith ý e riia frysonaters of the fm?iy cir::e ai glbry. it i"s a u r.entative .52'1' P arpe-eetativo rig, f the tench, the iivery, the h-earnei pre--, C .p-re a- e salcen ;1 : -hs~ q?'. t'o "e xu v.,_ -nd il; is algo ct'a. -One ?.at? write or peak uon any e--bjemt in felbnrane, was the remwak of Dr. "Sreh:e cathe -..ýsig soe?,?= -ha is jar. as well etid up in it, ad L d =ill ba d-rn upon yon wih a errotr.n if y-U happe.n to .make a mistake. And so, uped Saeriay ft. ca , when he ltrer is in deaht a:, t the proper ame of s aLt lno -, Wrecsh, C, ries a U- i the ga:ee., and Wren-h it wa- But this is nticipatng. A few minutes after tree the cutain draws np, and di:oa?e chmer scene. There is thi promptr's table, -ih the inevitable c -rfe a:i t umbler on it, and there i the ezen bei:izd -hh Joecph Surf-es is = -??-ae to hide the pre-tty little French millin'-er. ani a pir of ca?a n-, frem which ann g-host or s-ein will eroge in the midst of a thrlling sitatian th`is a ie -?.n. M. B-?its n apsearsIt the prompt site cf the tge, a wel!--it man of fory cr the?ao. s, ia a. .ve0riug c-tume and wiith aera hat. Hisrc=-pticn s cfacim- rat:er tha ethueasti. Theo., tis-e a fmus ej:aurnalis;e presrnted hmself before a -elb-our-e a -iien?, he was resivri with accr.amatien, and he proved to b a disappointment. Thsle time the public re-arv. its plaudits as well as its jugment, a- d it ma.y as ell be said, once for all, that the later w a e entirely favourable tha, the former were as hearty as they ncre frequent. Mr. Robinson has a light, cler voie,e which fi?s the Bijou Theatre withouat any d:enti, and he dispenses with either bo~k or ne. Be uses very little gesture or act -n, adopts a o-:verstonatl Etylc of delivery, and is an agreeable ra- eesocur rather than a professiona lecturer. His ma?nser and matter are those of a man of the world entertaining a number of guests with ,fluent n-d p!??eant after dinner talk concerning incidents and per-oneaoges of exceptional interest and favoured with a dry humour which g;eams out in ouexcectrd places and causes the narative to -be it.e-rnpte- by a ripple of laughter or an outburst of noisier merri. meat. The speaker begins by explaining the principles upon which a war correspondent is sekted. He is the man who cran be bet e-p:rel from the oeel-e; and his instructions are to furnish his ne- eestanr sth the earliest, fulloest, and most accurate reports, and not to get killed. He endeavours to obey both, especially the latter. The firt time- he him-elf was under fire was during the Afghan war, w!:esn the British troops coupied a piatea a; which the Afghans had been engaged in artilhry practice for seventeen years. Here a shell ca-e =creechiog past him with a sound like that of 40, 0) howling devils, causing every hair in his sain to swood on end literally, and not metapheiielly. He was told to lie down, and he did so without a secoand adonition. Descending a re-dy slope, in which his attention was arrested by some novel species of doesers acdb hutter flies, he was struck by theo clicking s'ound of what appeared to be innumerable graosshoppers leaping about in the rustling reeds, and was rather discon certed at finding that this was the crackling of rifle bullets from the enemy. In the second Afghan campaign, Mr. Robinson had a narrow escape of being shot by a British regiment in mistake for the head of an Alghan reinforcement. In Candahar he went with Colonel Sartorius marketing in the bazaar in the midst of a hostile papaulation, which made it necessary for him to stand back to back with his companion, and to keep a loaded revolver in his hand. Suddenly they beard a row in the distance; what was at first a murmur grew into a roar, followed by the clash of sabres and the crack of revolvers. Out surged a mob of British soldiers, forming two streams, in the middlet of which was a solitary Afghan, clothed in a camel's hair robe, who ever and anon sprang forward hlike a cat, and stabbed the infidel red-coats, fir?e of whom he killed, besides mortally wounding three othere. The soldiers lunged at him, but his voluminous robs weakened the effect of their weapons. As the fanatic ap proached the spot where Colonel Sarterius and the speaker were standing, the eyes of the Afghan, which had previously glared, kindled into flame, and just as he was erouching down to spring upan the two men who sEtood in his path, a Sepoy clove his head in two, and the Mahommedan fell at their feet, thanking Allah with his last breath, and happy in the assurance of a joyful reception in paradise as the reward for having destroyed so many infidel dogs. After giving a humorous description of hbrow he escaped the clumsy weapon of an Afghan lying in ambush and armed something iike the beggar in Gil Blas, Mr. Robinson proceeds to narrate a mid. night excursion which he and seventeen offlicers made to Isandula a fortnight after the memorablo massacre there, and how, in the grey dawn of morn. ing, the little expedition found itself surrounded by 16,000 Zulus, from whom there was no possibility of escape, except by way nof the Fugitives' Drift, an awful gorge, in descending which the very horses screamed with terror. When they reached what appoeared to be an impassable morass, the cliffs above flamed with muskelry, and the eighteen offi. cers closed up in the midst of this feu adafer, and marched as calmly as on parade. On reaching and swimming the Buffalo River the Zulus opened fire on them, but as their rifles were sighted at 1500 yards, and tbie distance was' less than 40, not one of their bullets told, and the whole of the adven tnrous little party reached the camp unharmed. Mr. Robinson then gives a graphic account of the death of the Prince Impetial, who was not popular in the camp, and whom he describes as having the pluck of his family combined with the theatrical in stincts of his nation. Lord Chelmsford is primarily responsible for his death in allowing him to leave the camp without a proper escort of Basutos, who are more than a match for the Zulus in craftiness, and for having permitted him to take command of the party. But even after he had been struck down his liWe might have been saved, as that of a corporal was, if Lieutenaut Carey bad not been a coward. As it was, the Prince Imperial ran a hundred yards, and standing unarmed, with his back to the wall, met death with eo much royalty in his look and attitude that, as the Zulus afterwards confessed, they were for a time awed by it, and hesitated to com. plete their bloody work. As to the men under Carey, they fairly cried at his poltroonery. Mr. Rlobinson managed to get the conduct of the inquiry into the causes of the Prince's death into his own hands, and then rode eighty-seven miles to the nearest tole graph station to send a message to London, which cost £1200 in the transmission. No other paper but the Daily Telegraph received the news ; and a fortnight afterwardswhenLord Chelmsfordheardof itsdespatch he turned white with rage. In describing the first Egyptian campaign Mr. Robinson pays warm tributo to the high qualifications of Generals Wolseloy and Frederick Roberts, and spobo of the excellent termse upon which they ure. itoberts, he says, ivould liub to work as chief of the staff under Woloeley, agains" the REssians, and no combinution could beat them. A vivid picture is given of the march to and thu attack on Tel-el-Kebir, and the wholne cens is brought before the eyes of the audience by Mr. Robinson's concise and animated naorative. Speak ing of the Australian contingent in the Snudan, ho remarks that nothing could bn more unlike soldiers than they were when they landed. Their drill was pathetic, but in a fortnight they had pulled them. selves together rO welt that Graham said ho had never seen anything like it. They were ready to volunteer for any work. Whatever the imparial troops did the Australiaus were eager to emulate, and their only disappointment was that there was no fighting. Mr. tlobinson aleso speaks highly of thu pluck and energy of the Australian war corres pondents, acd concluded by expressing his grateful seoso of the cOUrtesies aud kindnesees ho has received in a community composed of people who are as English as the English, as Scottish as the Scotch, and as Hibernian as the Irish. It must be added that every time tie raconteur takes out his watch to roe how long tee has been talking, the audience gives him to understand that it is by nu means time to stop, and that thu expressions of satisfaection nra general and unequivocal.-Mel. bourne -Argue. 