Margaret Hunter's Friend. All her life Margaret Hunter bad lived alone with ber grandfather in a gray stone house in the midst of a garden, which hid it from the road. Tbey had few visitors. Old Mr. Morcly'would have nothing to do with neighbours, and those who came to the house were principally old friends from a distance. And, thinking of the cold, stern man, who had never once carcssed heT, it did not seem unlikely that he might hate been .unkind to her parents. He was not unkind to her, but lie had never been tender. Black Jane was fond of her, but she was ignorant and superstitions ; and perhaps the most congenial companion Margnrct had ever bad was a strange one—a woman no longer young, cvidently a hard-working person, yet as evidently by birth a lady, who had met her once in the woods when she was a little child, and had asked ber for a kiss, and who ever since bad, now and again, crossed her path in some lonely plaee, and talked to her as no one else did. She had asked her name once, and the woman had Enid: Call me Martha." " Martha was my mother's name," eaid the child; "shedied before I ever knew her." Then suddenly she was strangely moved. " Oh. if I only had a mother!" shceaid. And the woman kissed her again, and two tears dropped from her eyes. That was years ago. Margaret was now seventeen; yet still she met the pa?e,' fair woman, with her hard worked hands and high-bred face, her common dress and ladylike movements, in the woods by the little spring, amid the gray rocks in the pathwav that led from the orchard itself. That was when her grandfather was away. And she had nerer spoken fo him of this Jndy. He never allowed her to have any friends. Of late, however, Margaret had had a little secret of her own—one that sbe did not tell her friend any more than her grandfather. Some one else had met her in the woods. Some one else bad told her, -as this woman had said, the was-beautiful. Yes, some one else had kissed her also, with a kiss that thrilled her through aud through. She had a lover of wfoom she knew nothing, save that he was handsome, that he praised ber, that be said life was unblcsfrwthoutbcr. She knew her grandfather would put an end to the pleasant meetings if be guessed at them, and Ralph Hartland'told herso. __ " A strange old gentleman. grandfather." • =nta: •»« a man who though doubtless deserving, of respects has no sympathy for others.. Were I to go to the boose and ask permission to visit you, tbongh he knows me well enongh by reputation, he would drive me from his door. We must marry first, Margaret, and then ask his forgiveness. We can do -without it if he refuses it, I think." And Margaret felt that if she had Ralph for her very own she could-do without all else. What had her grandfather ever been to her? Sheloved her friend'Martha much better. " That day shfe kissed Martha fondly when she left her. Sbe had promised her lover to leave home with him. that -night,-and she knew that tbey might .never;meet again. She looked back &f;&ritiediad;%one a little way. Martha stood lookihgafter. her, shading her eyes with herband. All that evening Margaret wandered to and fro like an uneasy spirit, I taking, a silent adieu of.her quiet old horned She felt some remorse when she looked at b'er grandfather, and she even felt 6orry that she was about leaving Black Jane thus.. Bat Balph -etood first. She Kad-no thought of drawing:back. She sat in-the.0ldldtchen_at .la5t; lingering over the spot where she' hacl 'been happiest— • for if there had been any comfort it bad been, at Jane's knee—when the'door burst open, and Jane herself tottered in.^na, trembling with horror, cast herself upon'her knees. " I have seen a spirit, Miss.Margaret," said. Jane; "a spirit from.another world. I've seen your mother, child, white, and worn, and wretched, standing watching your window from the orchard yonder.. .Some trouble . is coming, some trouble is coining. What shall I do?" Margaret, with a horror for .which she,had no words, crouched at the black .woman's side.. For the moment her resolution failed. But the terror <passed , ere lorig. . She even grew to believe that Jane was the victim of her saperstitious terrors; and she -went $0 .her room at last, Tesolved to meet,lier lover as she promised. She had 'prepared: her little bundle, and placed her tiny/Bum of imonev in the pocket of her dress. She had written a. note to her grandfather, and laid' it on the nnrumpled' pillow";:, and : . now that the -"house was sttll—eyen jane, in spitc of terror, asleep in h er garret-^—th e ^irl crept down stairs and ont into tire^orchard/ . The moon shone bright^ the path to the road..was clear. She crept down it.and opened the gate. A little way beyond a dark .figure stood : among the trees. It hastened forward.' " My darling!" cried -a soft-voice. It was Balph. All Margaret's-terror vanished, She was with her lover.-; she. was safe. . 4 1 A caniagestands at the foot of .the lane, - ' he whispered- "We will be beyond pursuit:. in an hour. Oome, my .darling." . " As she placed ber band in his and lifted her lips to his own; another, figure, crouched until now in the shadow of the great pear, tree beside the {gate, .arose and glided like a. ghost between them. A white'face -turned, toward Ralph Hartlnnd, a whitehand waved hira backward; " Demon 1" said a low, cleas -voice; " Black-hearted demon, leave this poor girl •and go 1" \- " Who are you who interferes said .Ralph. " Her mother," said the woman; Margnrct-screamed; She did-: not recog-. nize Martha, and, overcome by .terror,fainted in her arms. When she again opened her eyes she was alone.'with, the-'woman. She -knew her face, and voice now, and angrily shrunk from her. " Wher§ is-Balph ? 1 she nsked. \- <8 Ralph, a^ jou- calllnm, has-gone forever 1 hope. If ;he has gone to his wifelie has :done *well^for he has one. I am jour mother. Years ago I Jeft my fathers home at night with one as bad as Ralph. We were married,and sixmtmth- afterwardsJ^eainedjthat. he hadfenotber wife, and' he finally^ed/to .. icscape'the-State Prison. I only-returned .to iplace you, my. child, .upon the.-stepsj*>f:<tbe. iold:homestead. After-tbat -I'worked Jionestly tfor my. "bread'' in-a>£armer , s '.3ntcheri,w but-rt • •.could mot refrainifroin; seeing, my;£biid,: 1. l havesavedybn,imjr ; <iariiflg." . . ; Maigaret^ohbedoapon • her/breast. . "-routinuflt'not'leave, me, mother,".-she tsaidr: • : fn the dawn .two women knelt before ?thc ,?old3n&n;, and hewas not stern to -.them, nor <mel; his lips pressed' Margaret's'.forebead; but he took Martha to his heart, 6& 