THE SOLEMN HALF-HOUR By- Silas Sntell. POPULAR AMUSEMENTS. A PKOSPBCT. ' The sunset of life lends us mystical lore, And coming events cast their shadows be fore.' The gentle, gazelle-like reader will kindly accompany us through the dark realms of the uture to the year 1987. Take our hand, and be careful y -j don't step on the baby, or abrade your sbinEagainst the sewing machine. An advertisement from that valuable and extensively circulated journal, the Melbourne Morgue Mad, March, 4th 1987 :— NEW ROYAL MORGUE. TO-NIGHT ! \- GRAND SPECIAL INQUEST 1 1 THE OCOASrON BEING A COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT TO DR. MULE, THE CITY CORONER. Under the distinguished patronage of His Excellency Sir Braham Jerry, Lady Jerry, and a large vice-regal party. Gorpse ? The last suicide. Coroner ? Dr. Buskin Mule. Counsel, witnesses, and medical men, by the full strength of the company. Prices, 3s., 2s., and Is. Box plan at Ghoul and Co. 'a. Carriages at 11. Come early to avoid the crush. Clipping from the Melbourne Marque- Mail, March 5th, 19S7 :— NEW ROYAL MORGUE. As we surmised, the above highly-popular house of amusement was crowded to suffoca tion on the occasion of the benefit of Dr. Mule, our worthy and much respected City Coroner. Dr. Mule is, we can safely Bay, the most talented and versatile performer that has ever appeared before a Melbourne au dience, not excepting even tbe learned and beautiful George Rignold, who, according to some quaint, old newspapers, still preserved in our museums, flourished about the year 1S93 Ajljw JOom ini9 and who, if we may judge by the high encomiums of those musty docu ments, must have been a coroner of exceed ing great genius. Dr. Mule has officiated before the public of the metropolis, and the provinces of Victoria, in all two thousand and forty-nine times, and on every occasion crowded and enthusiastic audiences have greeted him, though, frequently enough, the inquest lacked plot and histrionic interest. On this the occasion of his forty-first jubilee appearance, we think we might venture to review the rise and spread of the inquest as a popular amusement. The earliest notices of tiie inquest are vague and indefinite, and it does not seem to have got any hold on the public favor till the latter part of the last century. There are abundant proofs that the inquest as a matter of form was in exist ence prior to the year 1800, but we cannot speak of it with any degree of certainty be fore 1SS7, when, Kays tbe erudite histo rian, John Smith, 'The people awoke to the fact that the inquest, as a chaste pas time and healthy recreation, was supe rior to football, freefights, bull-baiting, and other crude games then in common use.' After this the inquest seems to have grown greatly in favor amongst the lower classes, though the aristocracy still regarded it un tavorabiy. xnis will be accounted tor when we remember that the inquest was then a free institution, to which the public was admitted sans payment, on all days, bunday alone ex cepted ; the old, heathenish regime of Sun day closing being then in full force. The cultivated orders, objecting to having to mix on terms of equality with the poor workers, stood aloof, and maintained this churlish attitude for some time. During many years the Governments of the day had paid the chief performers at inquests liberally out of the State coffers, and even when the people had learned to look upon the morgue as a pleasant resort, and, when interesting performances were on, crowded in such numbers that men got their necks jambed in the doors, their shins barked, and wcu buiuo biuoucU) .cuiu. vvvuk^u iviuguv uuu floundered for places ; whilst those who could so afford obtained front seals in the stalls by bribing the officials. The Govern ments received no return for their outlay, and conducted the performances at a loss. However, ' in the year 1891,' says Profess or Jones, ' one David Gannson, an astute legislator in his day, proposed from his seat ? in the Senate that a graduated scale of charges be made for admission to inquests. After much acrimonious discussion, the motion was agreed upon/' Morgues were comfort ably, even richly f urniBhed ; and from thence forward the inquest has rapidly improved its status, till we see it to-day the most fashionable entertainment of the season ! Divorce proceedings alone can compete with coronial enquiries as, a popular pastime ; and from the two our Governments derive a revenue which renders all taxation and the duty on Chinamen unnecessary. Dr. Buskin Mule, who for so many years has held the exalted position of City Coroner, won by his great genius and painstaking per severance, and to whom this benefit was tendered in recognition of his faithful services by the Minister of Morgues, out shone himself. Ab we said befere, the audience was large and appreciative, and every point the coroner made received Battering notice. Mr. Scythe, as counsel For the Crown, was in his best form, and in his clever cross-examination -of witnesses elicited a lot of spicy and sensational evi dence. The minor parts were well filled, the police being particularly open to ridicule. The case was a suicide of an interesting young lady, and enough mystery and vile insinuations were thrown in to maintain the interest of die inquest to the end. By reference to our casualty column it will be seen that a young man with a fractured skull, a gunshot wound, and indications of arsenical poison, has been fished ont of the Yam, eo that the public may expect another highly interesting inquest shortly.' Tbi re are many people in -he world uho spend the first half of their existence trying to taste all the sweets of life, and the second h&tf; in trying to get tbe taste out of their mouths. No Ghosts Allowed.— We clip the follow ing from the Launceston Daily Telegraph of August 34th: ' Notice.— Any person or persons found trespassing in the Catholic Cemetery, or going over gates or fences, will be prosecuted ; or any one found there once it is locked up wQl be also punished TSa dogs allowed. Also the Catholic Ceme tery will not be opened any Sunday until two o'clock. Ladies with perambulators are cautioned not to bring them any further than the gate. Uo one is allowed to do tijt their own graves; those who cannot pay tor them to be done, please go to the eerton.' 