OLD GRIMSBY'S GHOST. The Strange Story of the Loss of the " Oro Find." "Why, Dunham, what's the matter? How your hand trembles ! "Are you sick V" 44 No ; not exactly." " What ails you then ? Speak out, man. Have you been seeing a ghost?" " To. tell the truth, Maggie, I do feel a little nervous this morning. I haven't made a trip these twenty years that 1 dreaded .like this." " Seen Old Gridley again ?" "Yes." "Pshaw! I thought that was it. Haven't you seen him a dozen times be fore and nothing came of it ?" " This time he had his sextant." All this was at the breakfast-table. Dunham was mate of the Oro Fino , mak ing tri-montnly trips between Portland and San Francisco. He had sailed thirty years, been round the world twice, been captain about six years, but lost his ship aud couldn't get another, and so was glad to be first mate of the Oro Fino. Dunham was in the habit of seeing ghosts, or rather, a ghost, for he never saw but one ; that was old Gridley. Gridley was mate of the vessel on which Dunham made his first trip as a ship-boy. That trip wa3 Dunham's first, but Gridley's last. Gridley had a passion for beating ship's boys with a rope's end ; he died in the act, of beating Dunham with a rope's end ; Gridley was taking au observation with the sextant, and, as the boy was passing with a bucket and swab, a sudden lurch of the ship threw him against the mate. Gridley seized a rope's end, and was belaboring the boy soundly when a boom, providentially left loose, struck him and knocked him overboard. Ever since that, on numerous occasions, Dun ham had seen Gridley's ghost — usually with a rope's end, but sometimes with a sextant. He had never been able to see any particular fatality portended by the vision with the rope's end. He had seen it a dozen times ; and on some occasions, his best luck had seemed to follow the apparition. Not so when the ghost with the sextant appeared. He had seen this only twice — once, the night before he fell from the foretop and broke his leg ; the other time, the night before his ship was cast away. Last night was the third time. He had awakened and found himself lying on his back. The room was perfectly dark ; it was also perfectly still. Dunham could see nothing and could hear nothing. Nevertheless, he felt that something or somebody was in the room that ought to be out of it. He also felt a draught of cold air. Dunham was no stickler for ventilated apartments, and had carefully closed and locked the windows before re tiring. The air could not come from the windows ; neither could it come from the bed-room door, for that opened into the sitting-room just opposite to a window, and if the door had been open he could have seen the window.. Despite his natural courage, Dunham was frightened. He raised himself on his elbow very cautiously. He looked about the room ; he could see absolutely nothing. He readied over to where Maggie, his wife slept— she was there. He moistened his finger in his mouth and held it up. He could then sensibly feel the draught of air coming from the foot of his bed. He got up and struck a light. Looking over his shoulder as he did so, he saw, at the foot of his bed, old Gridley. . It wouid do no good to shopt loud — his wife would only laugh at him. He had often waked her up to look at the ghost, but she professed never to see it. It would do no good to go up to the apparition and try to seize it — he had often done this, and it only dis appeared for an instant, to reappear in another part of the room. So he left the lamp burning and got into bed with his eyes fixed on the figure. This time Gridley had his sextant, and seemed busy bringing an imaginary sun down to an imaginary horizon. The opera tion completed, the figure turned to the bureau and seemed to be making the calculation. Then he turned to Dunham, and shook his head negatively, and dashed the sextant to the floor. A sudden crack startled the mate. He had turned the lampwick too high, and the chimney had cracked and fallen to the floor. In the morning Dunham was a little nervous. However, having taken a cup or two of strong coffee, and if it must be con fessed, a thimbleful of brandy, he felt more composed. Joey Dunham, the mate's only child, a boy of ten years of age, almost always ac companied his father on his trips. This time Dunham proposed to leave him at home ; but the boy seemed so disap pointed that hisfather finally gave way, and they started together down to the wharf. What a busy scene is the departure of an ocean steamer! Drays, 'busses, cabs, carriages, rattling and thundering on to the quay ; mountains of luggage piled upon the wharf, or being lowered into the hold ; stalwart Atlases staggering under the worlds of trunks which they have shouldered ; mates, crews, porters, cabmen, passengers, boys, all shouting lustily in solo or chorus ; the ship's engine blowing off steam with a deafening roar ; the timid ladies, making their first trip, being led trembling over the plank and up the stair way, and laid on the sofas in the cabin ; old voyagers, with one leg over the rail, smoking their cigars — all conspire to make the scene one of rare excitement and con fusion. Joey was perfectly at home, and while his father was busy, stole up into the wheelhouse, which had incautiously been left unlocked. The wheelman, coming along soon after, met Joey stealing down the steps, looking scared and guilty. Now the gun is fired. The bell rings. The hurry and confusion are increased tenfold. Hasty farewells are said ; hasty kisses exchanged ; handkerchiefs are brought into vigorous use. 'The throng of friends who have come only to say " good bye " begin to pour over the plank to the wharf. The captain stands on the paddle- box. He stoops and pulls a handle ; down in the depths of the monster tinkles a bell; in a second more the paddles dash the water into foam. The captain stoops and pulls the handle again ; the paddles stop, but the ship is started enough to allow the cables to cast off. They are all cast off but the stern cable — that still holds, and the head of the great black monster swings slowly out into the current. Another pull at the handle, another splash of the pad dles, and the stern cable is cast off. The gun sounds ; she is loose ! A cheer from the crowd on the wharf, a cheer from the crowd on deck, and the ship has fairly turned down the stream and began her voyage. In an hour she was at the mouth of the Willamette, and struck the strong, full current of the Columbia. Having more sea-room now she begins .to use her strength. The flames roar through the flues ; the engineer turns on a full head of steam ; the clear, sweet water of the river, cut neat and clean by the prow, is dashed into snowy .foam by the paddles, and sinks and rises in a swelling wake for half a mile to the stern. Fishing boats and Indian canoes' glide past her like shuttles, and before you can fairly turn to look, are tossing and rocking on the swell many rods behind. A black hull, supporting a cloud of dingy-white canvas is seen ahead. It is the Hudson Bay Company's store-ship, bound for Vancouver. A flash, a cloud of white smoke, a heavy thud, and she has saluted the Oro Fino. A jar and a thunder-clap that startles the old ones, and sets the ladies to screaming, and the Oro Fino has saluted her. Three cheers from the strangers as the British flag runs up to the masthead, and three cheers a3 the stars and stripes curl and snap in the stiff breeze from our gaff. Now that she has passed, and the sun falls on her can vas, she seems like a great bank of snow falling on the river. Nearly everybody is tired of watching her, and many have gone into the cabins to avoid the wind which is growing chilly, and others are composing themselves in twos and threes about the deck, when a new and more thrilling episode calls them to their feet again. Durham and two men come tearing up to the staircase to the quarter-deck. The bell tinkles, and the paddles stop. " Man overboard !" is the cry. Every one rushes to the stern ; everyone scans the boiling current. " There , I see him !" cries one. " He's treading water!" cries another. Everybody can see him now ; but by this time the tremendous momen tum of the vessel has left him a little speck a quarterj of a mile behind. Jit takes an age to lower the boat. Finally it is off — Dunham in the stern, and the sturdy sailors bending the ash dangerously. " Can he hold out ?" " Oh, yes ; can't you see him? He's treading water." " No, he's floating." " Anyhow, he keeps up bravely." " How slow the boat "goes !" ' Why don't they pull ?" In fact, the boat was cutting the water like a fright ened fish. Men on the ship involuntarily bent and strained, as though they could help in that way. The boat nears the floating object, now only a speck in the distance. A joyful murmer goes up from the ship. "He's saved!" "Oh, those strong men !" But Dunham sheers the boat around, and picks up only a hat arid holds it high in the air. The owner had long sinoe sunk. By the time the tired crew were taken on board and the vessel under headway, it was dark. They made Astoria by midnight, and lay to alongside the wharf. The wind freshened during the night, and by morning a heavy gale, filled with salt spray, was driving in directly from the sea. The pilot reported that it would be impossible to cross the bar in such a blow. So they waited: Dunham's presentment of bad luck had been strengthened by the loss of the man from the ship, and he was more nervous and gloomy than when he left home. So he took his boy and went ashore. He went to the house of a friend and left Joey there, with orders to return to Portland by the first steamer that should go up. He also wrote a letter to his wife — a little longer than usual, almost two pages, and a little more affectionate than usual. He excused himself for writing by telling her that the bar was so. bad they couldn't cross it, and it was a little.itoo dull to stay there doing nothing. By ten o'clock the squall had abated, and by noon the pilot said he thought he could get over the bar by taking the north channel. While the firemen were getting up steam, Dunham ran over to his friend's house— it was ouly a few steps — and bade Joey good-bye, and told him to be a good boy and mind his mother, and gave him sundry other items of good advice which I fear the young scapegrace did not attend to closely, being engaged in the very amusing game of see-saw with the little girl of the house. By three o'clock the ship was fairly under way again. By five, she was safely over the bar, and had put her pilot aboard a steamer which was waiting on the out side to enter. The captain having been up all the previous night, went to his cabin and turned in for the night. The passen gers were all either sea-sick or chilled by the cold wind, and had gone to their rooms and into the cabin. The wheelman, by orders from Dunham, made out Cape Dis appointment and Tillamook Head, and took his ranges from them and put the ship on her course. He had only time to do this when a fog rolled up so dense that even the light on Cape Disappointment could scarcely be seen. Dunham assured himself that the ship was on her right course by going into the wheelhouse and looking for himself. Having done this, and knowing the coast perfectly, he felt pretty safri:v He was a little confused and nervous, however, and so he went down to the cabin and overhauled his charts, and read the sailing directions just as though he had never made the trip before. He seemed to be all right. " Bring your vessel in range of Cape Disappointment and Tillamook Head, and then put her about south by east." He had done this fifty times before, and had come out all right. To be sure that no mistake had been made, he climbed up to the wheel- house, and quietly asked the man at the wheel how he had got his range. He an swered promptly and satisfactorily. Every thing was according to orders. So Dunham cursed his nervousness, and walked back to the smoke-stack. The wind had gone down with the sun, but a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced the deck for half an hour, then went below to get his cloak. Being chilly, he went up to the hurricane deck and sat with his back to the smoke- stack. Being nervous he lit a cigar. Being careful, he walked forward to see how things were moving. He thought he heard a distant roar. He listened and could hear nothing. HeL walked back to the smoke-stack. In ten minutes he came forward again. He thought ho heard the roar of surf. He called to the man at the wheel : . "Abbot !" 44 Ay, ay, sir." " How docs she stand ?" " Sou' by east, sir." That was all right ; that was the course Dunham had put her on. He wont to the paddle-box and signalled the engine to stop. Then he called a man and had the lead thrown. "Twenty-four. Plenty of water," thought Dunham, and started the engine. He then went to the captain's cabin and knocked. The cap tain did not hear the first time, and ho knocked again. "Who's there?" "The mote." The captain opened a port near the head of his berth, and asked' him what the matter was. Dunham reported. The captain told him it was all right ; that it was foggy, and the roar. of the surf with such a sea on and no wind.pquld be heard ten miles. Dunham ratherS'thought so, too, and went away. During this parley, and while the mate stopped a few minutes to look after things below, the ship had made more than two miles headway. By the time Dunham got on deck again the roar of the surf was frightful. He fairly screamed at the helmsman : "Abbott!" "Ay, ay, sir." . " How's her head ?" " Sou' by east, sir." Amazing ! Dunham ran to the paddle- box and jerked a signal. The engine stopped. Then he rushed to the captain's door and called him out in the name of the gods. Both flew on deck. There was no mistake about it ; there were the breakers not half a mile ahead, judging by the sound, thundering and boiling against the shore. Dunham had almost run the ship's head on shore, and that, too, when she was holding precisely the same course by compass that he had put her on fifty times before. The captain roared : 44 What's her course ?" " Sou' by east, sir." " Put her sou' west." " Sou'west, sir," echoed the man at the wheel, and the wheel spun round and the chains rattled. The captain rushed to the signal-bell and started the engine, and got the ship under good steering head way. Scarcely had she started on her new course when a scraping sound was heard and felt — then bump, bump, bump, as though the ship had been lifted up and set down hard three times ; then a crash and a sudden stop that sent the captain and mate on their faces, and brought the smoke-stacks crashing through the decks, and snapped off the topmast like pipe stems. The ship had struck a sunken rock, and began to fill at once. Who got to shore, and how they got to shore, matters not. It is the same old story. The news spread on wings. Men came and dragged the swollen corpses of their friends out of the surf, or dug them out of the sand, or identified them in the shed, or paced the beach day after day looking out on the remorseless sea that sullenly clung to its dead. The captain and the wheelman, Abbott, went to Portland together — Dunham they never found — and there they talked over the strange affair and exhausted all their ingenuity in vain to account for the loss of the ship when on the right course on a still night. When the wrecking-tug was ready, they went out to the wreck. It still hung on the rocks. The bows were high out of water. The two men climbed up into the wheel-house. They unscrewed the compass-box from its fastening and brought it on shore. There- they opened it, and lifted up the card and needle, and there lay the little instrument of death — a broken knife-blade. The handle and the rest of the blade were in little Joey Dunham's pocket. He had tried to pry out the glass, to see what made the card swing around so when he held his knife by it, and in doing so had broken the blade. He concealed his mis chief and stole away. The Emperor of Austria, who is a great smoker, has been ordered by the doctors to give up the fragrant weed. They attribute his neuralgia to it. His Majesty was" in the habit of smoking twenty cigars daily. A Florida grass i9 sometimes used a3 substitute for hog bristles in paint brushes. 