General News. During the quarter ended March 31, 14,84.7 sheep, 1,804 cattle, and 70 horses were imported overland into South Australia from New South Wales, Queensland, and Victoria: while 26,469 Jtaeep, 1,507 cattle, and 4&1 horses were ex ported overland to those colonies. A Gun to Throw a Ton Eight Miles Fodr Times a Minute ! — A representative of the Pall Mall Gazette has had an interview with Mr. Maxim of machine gun fame. ' You can make a machine gun of any size,' con fidentially explained Mr. Maxim. He is now engaged in making for a foreign company a 40-pounder 4-inch bore gun taking a cartridge of 50 inches long. He even contemplates the production of a 100 pounder gun on his quick firing principle. ' Why, yes,' he replied, in answer to questions which manifested a mild amount of incredulity, ' I will produce a gun which will throw a ton eight miies four times a minute, in lieu of four times an hour, which is the utmost capacity of your present heavy guns. Of course the feed must be different but the actual machinery of the gun will not be different. The weight of the gun will be somewhat less than the existing guns, while its value from the economical point of view will be much greater. I shall do it — you see if I don't.' At Coward's Springs we saw the celebrated bore put down by the Conservator of Water to a depth of 300 feet. A volume of water estimated at about 1,000,000 gallons a day is rushing out. The water, which tastes like a mild dose of Eno's fruit salt, has a temperature of 86°. I fear this bore is not of the least practical service, notwithstanding the strong hopes that were entertained regarding it when the water was first struck. It is no good for locomotive use, and as for cattle they were already adequately supplied out of the natural springs close by. The effect of this water is to render the growth of vegetation in the ground over which it runs impossible. None but a certain very limited class of saline plants can thrive in it. If it were possible to stop the Sow altogether it would be a good job for everybody, but the stream, like the genii in the 'Arabian Nights' whom the fisherman released from the bottle, cannot be coaxed back to its former habitat. Perhaps the bore might be plugged, but there are signs that the water is forcing its way up through the ad joining crust. Like Frankenstein, we have raised a monster, and stand a good chance of being destroyed by him. — Reporter is Adver tiser. Our (Advertiser) Cradock correspondent, writing on April 27, tells the following strange story : — Great excitement prevails here, as well as at Carrieton and other places about, on ac count of a sensational ghost story which has been going the rounds for some time. On Monday night Trooper Mitchell and two re sidents of this place drove down to see or hear for themselves, and the following is their ac count of the ghostly visitant : — TheBcene of the wanderings of the spirit is the Boolcunda Creek, about 17 miles from here, and it appears to confine itself to a cottage of a Mr. Hamdorf, situated on the bank of the creek, about 30 yards from a large waterhole. Mr. Hamdorf and his family were away in Quorn, having taken there a child of about 7 years of age, for whom the spirit seems to have had a parti ality. There were two boys of about 9 and 13 years of age stopping in the hut, and they seemed to take not the slightest notice of the disturbance. About 9 p.m., ail being quiet, the light was extinguished, and all were on the qui vive. In a few minutes a great noise was heard as of some one splashing in water or walking in water. Immediately a knocking commenced at the north east comer of the hut. Two of the party went outside and heard the knocking as though inside, but could see nothing althovgn they walded round the hut*. Afterwards Trooper Mitchell went outside and heard the knocking just as the others had done. They thereupon asked questions and received replies by knocks, two knocks being regarded as signifying ' No' and three knocks ' Yes.' The information obtained that way was to the effect that the nocturnal visitor was dead, and had been buried 5 feet under the ground at the North- East comer of the hut. Mr. Hamdorf, it appears, elicited the same in formation, and dug a hole 6 feet deep at the place mentioned but found nothing. The knocks are of much the same character as those given by any ordinary person knocking at a door, but on being told to knock hard the ' spirit' makes everything in the place rattle. The cottage is built of upright pines with pug between. In about an hour the knocking ceased, and the investigators turned in, but not to sleep — thnt being out of the question. About 2 a.m. the ghost returned and started knocking again. Mr. Mitchell went out and walked round the hut, but could see nothing although the noise was kept up. This has been going on for the last six weeks, and Mr. Ham dorf has decided to abandon the place. Many residents of Carrieton have visited the place and have heard the same noises. Two or three shots have been fired in the direction of the sound, but nothing came of them. A party of six were there the night before. There is to be a large party from here next Sunday night to visit the place. It may be mentioned that a shepherd was drowned in the waterhole some years ago. Whatever the cause of the disturb ance is Trooper Mitchell is convinced that it is something very unnatural, and he Ls a man whose word is to be relied on. He intends to revisit the place next Sunday night and have another talk with the invisible being in order to try and fathom the mystery. The ghost, on being asked the distance from the hut to Cradock, knocked 17 times on the walL The exact distance is 17 miles. 