ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. MEETING OF THE COUNCIL. Tho monthly mcHtimr of tho council of tho Zoological Society of Now Swuth Wales was hold in tho boardroom, on tho grounds of the institution, yesterday afternoon. There wore present-Mr. John Keen (in tho chair), Captain Ghost, Messrs. Wm. Beaumont. J. ll. Hill, W. Bradley, C. C. Skarratt, and W ll. Cnlllett (secretary). The secretary read a report, which showed that thc debit balunce of tho society amounted to £20ü0 8s. '2d., made up by n debit balance ut the bank of £184-! os. td., and un prescuted cheques amounting to £18S 2s. 10d. Accounts amounting to £1C1 (ls. 3d. weru passed for payment. Thc secretary reponed that tho receipts fro.n the gates for the four weeks ending March 31 amounted to £'.19 ls. Od. representing tho admission of 4ÖH7 visitors to tho gardens, 3240 having bcon adults and 1447 children, thesu numbers being exclusive of members and their friends. Thc receipts from the elephant amounts to £ó 12s. 3d. and from the ponies and donkeys £1 10s. 9d., bringing tho total receipts for tho four weeks up to £109 4«. '.ld. Thc gardens wera also visited by li)->0 school children, accom- panied by 45 teachers: total, 1035. Tho secretary regretted to report that tho following valuable animals had died sinco tho last monthly meeting. The spotted leopardess, one of thu Hadrian camels, a red lomur, and thc talking raven. The probable cause of death of tueso animals was described in tho superintendent's report. Tho.Sui'i:niNTEM)E.NT (Mr. \V. T. Powell) attributed the death of tho dromedary to tho effects of exhaustion and weakness fr.uu its long travelling ; it had not taken kindly to its now food, though it was tempted with everything that it was possiblo to obtain, from bran mushes to porter and braudv ; tho spotted leopardess died of fever, aud tho raven, winch had beon in tlio pooacssioii of tho society for so long, died suddenly. Tho red lomur succumbed "to a long-standing aud virulent cancer of the stomach. Tho j health of the other animals was very satisfactory. I Mr. Alfred Hilder was elected a member of tho council in lieu of tho late Mr. S. M. I'rauklaud. On thc motion of Mr. WALTLII IÍIIAIILEV, the secretary was iustructed to write to Mr. (i. Frankland condoling him for tin' loss of his brother, Mr. S. M. Frankland, lately a member of tho council. Tho following ia a list ot thc donors and donations sinco last monthly mooting :-A podargus, presented hythe Hon. James Inglis ; a kangaroo tat, presented by Mr. Scholes, Kilmore ; a whito-bauded snake, presented by Mr. M'Cullough, Richmond Uiver; an echidna, presented by Mr. S. li. Hyam, Balmain; a podargus, presented by Mr. G. R. Bussell Jones, Svdncy; a blue crano (young), presentid by Mr. John M'línight, Washington-street ; 2 landrails, presented by Mrs. Isabella Uischotf, Petersham ; a tortoise, prcscntod by Muster Odo Russell, Fovcaux stroet; "Notes for Collectors," and "a List of aboriginal weapons, fcc, from Barling and Lachlan Rivers, in Aus- tralian Museum," presented by trustees of Australian Museum: 2 green-winged doves, ¡j turtle doves and 2 young, 1 galah parrot, and a magpie (Lord Howe. Island), Çresented by Geo. Frankland, executor of the lato S. M. { 'raukland ; collection of plants and bulbs, presented by W. il. Cattlett, Burwood. Ouo r.icoon hod been pur- chased. 