a- PUB.lIHKID EVKIIY FPRIDAT. er - ng FIIDA f, MARCIH 4, 188. ir, TsH.RodneySlire Council being but a e youthful corlhration, severed anl fermed during the list twelve months, from one of the oldest and most prosperous seres in tle Colo~y of Victoria, and having for its managers a majority of coucillors 1n 'initclew to municipal matters, its doings s have naturally excited considerable curi t Osity and speculation, not only amongst 3 the ratepsyers who are practically inter ested in the welfare of the Shire, but ig also in the minds of those who are J. piloting the neighbouring shares. To the il- sprprise of its neighbours and the grati Sfication of its ratepayers, the Rodney 0- Shire has so far proved a grand financial '. success. In fact the element of success n, has been plainly discernable in every * movement which this now body has ", taken, and at the same time, while com 7 8, plimenting the Councillors of Rodney upon; the success of their labours oy in the interests of the ratepayers, we t, venture to congratulate the new members y upon the very noticeable improvement in Stheir attitude at the Council table. Some ar time ago it was suggested in these s, column that the Councillors of Rodney ' were inclined to give way to the supposed Ssuperior wisdom and. experience of the President. The subject matter of the article in which the insinuation was con veyed, was the question of the ptoposed tramway from Mooropna to St Gerrains. st The general impression amongst the m ratepayers of Rodney at this time (that is the reatepayers not directly interested in the tramway) was that the councillors in deciding to ask the Government to grant a portion of the tramway loan for the construction of a tramway to Undera; had adopted the resolution upon insuf ficient information. The argument adopted by thiý journal upon tlhatoccasion was an argument which we have good reason to believe found favour in the h eyes ofa majority of the ratepayes of Rodney ; it was, that the Iodney'ihre in borrowing the money for this tramway -was not only borrowing it dpon in sufficient information, but was also borrowing the money upon the security, E and at the risk of, the ratepayers of the Shire. The report of the Council meeting held on Tuesday last, we are glad to say,' shows that this view was correct. Since the time that the Council was taken by storm by the Presidents tramway scheme, Mr. W. S. Murray, C.E., has been employed to bring up a comprehensive report on the proposed construction of the tramway. . The report which has been practically alopted b~ the Counci! shlows that the statements of the President and the deputatin which he .introduced from Undera at the meeting when the matter was first mooted.' were very wide of the mark on two of the most vital points. In the first place, Sthe cost of the tramway, as shown on the 'occasion of its introduction by President Cussen, was a trifle as compared with that shown in Mr. Murray's report. In Sfact there is a deficiency of over £13,000 on the whole construction, the increase being in the official report. Further, Sthere is a paragraph in Mr. Murray'e report which distinctly states " That the Shire Council must expend and lay out the whole of the money borrowed front I the Government, and cannot delegate the laying out or expenditure of this money t7 any other body however formed," so that the whole responsibility of the matter would, despite Councillor Cussen's protestations to the contrary, have rested upon the;ratepayers of Rodney. We: are verypleased to be a'e to congratulate the councillors so new to municipal f matters, who so readily. grasped 'the c altered aspect of affairs on Monday last, and combated the Frasident upon the i facts presented to them in Mr. Murray's report. The heavy artillery of sound i facts, proved too much for the illusionary proposals of Councillor Cussen, and I there is every reason to believe that the P notorious tramway will soon come to be r regarded as the Presidents popularity p hunting scheme. p A rumour has become current since .e the stoppage of the pumping machinery y of the Waterworks Trust, to the effect a that the machinery had completely' broken a down; On enquiring we found' that k such, is not the case, .iut that the ai stoppage is due solely to tlhe recent ti heavy rains. We are further advised T that one of the leading mechanical vi engineers in this Colony, Mr, R Fulton, If 0 E.; has examined the. 'nrclhinery at thoroughly, and states that everything is in spendid order, and reflects great credit ,n on the men entrusted with the working ti of the plant. 'This should prove highly ', satisfactory to the Commissioners of the Trust. . 'y With refercnce'to the deputntiot thnt L waited updu the .Rodnpy .Shi!o ConnciJ ni at their last meeting, with a view of Sarranging for the purchase bf Messrs. a Trethowan and Stewart's yards, and r forming Corporation Cattle Sale Yards . at Kyabram. Amisunderstandingseems to have arisen as to whether the mieeting thet sent the depqt:tioil was . public one or otherwise. We may state that the ileetting was a public one, called \- i' announcemient in both the Tatura Irald alndKqabramUnion,and moreover was hirgely attendedl, and the depi, t:ttioiists simply expressed the views of Sthe meeting, which was unimnous. The contractors for the railway :line d have been pushing ahead vigorously with Sthe work during the past week. The rails are now laid into the station yard at Kyabrann, and we believe arragenlelits I are being inado for tihe carriage of r goods, &c.;, by Monday or Tuesday next is Mr. M'Elicgnn was the successful \- prehaCer of the publican's booth for St. Patrick's Day demonstration to be held on the local show ground, at £15. The fruit still was knocked down at £3, but t the coffee stall did not find a bidder. e The severance petition of the parish of e North Murchison was met with i counter \- by ihe parent shire, the result being that 89 signed for the first, and 33 against. y Out of the 39 there were 20 who signed i the' former,. thereby . making the first a informal. Pressureon ourspacecompels , us to withhold Ipublishing a long report, and the ratepayers names. Messrs. M. Coussen and Co. report a very. successful clearing sale at Mr. Lock y woods. The prices realising for cattle " up to £6 10s.; horses (draught) £27 ; re light ditto, up to £20. The farming r implements brought their full value. i A want lately felt in this district has now been supplied by the presence of a duly qualified medical practitioner in the persin of Dr. J. I. COrney, who was y recettly practicing in Melbourne, and d previous to that wais officiating in e Echuca. We mo~st earnestly wish tmat the residing medico will receive his share of the local practice, and again trust its hope that the instruments, &c.;, will < grow rusty for want of use. SMr. C. W. Wilson. our genial friend, 6 lhas been coifileil to his room for thie ,t past week through an affiction of thi deyes, called sandy bliglt. Our reader will regret to learn tlhat Mr. Sidney Gullett, the pioneer of the Tatura Herald, is now suffering from congestion of the lungs at his residence in Lancefield. The usual committee meeting of the Slocal agricultural society will be held in Sthe Mechanics' Institute to-morrow. Tlhe d business is to select date of annual showu Sand other importoat matters. The nomninations for the principle fevents in the Hibernian Sports close on i TtesdaayH 8th 1March. S We are requested to announce tlat tile Blenalla races will take place on the 25th Maarch. Thle adjouned miteeting of the Kyabram IRifle Club takes place on Saturday night next. S It is pleasant to find that some at e least of oar farmers are anxious to avail themselves of the privileges afforded by the Eclhtce and Wnrangi Water\ Trust Channels. A movement is now on foot amongst severda farmers, who intend petitioning the Water Trust to allow them to construct all irrigation from Mr. Edward Rogers corner to Ir. Hick's bschool. If this channel were constructed, a large namlber of the farmers would immediately commence irrigation works. The embankment across the Waranga Plain, which was built to convey the water of the main. channel of the Water Trust over tlhe depression, is a very critical stite, the sides of the channel have several titles given way, and we are ilnformed that an immense number of crayfish are now perforating the whole of the earth, and there setems reason to dread that the embanklnont will have to lie dispensed with. If this proves to bie the case, an expenditure of £10,000 will be thrown away. A very sad death occurred at ;Kva brain on Sunday last, when Mrs. Mellis, the wife of Mr. J. Mellia expired after her confinement, which took place on Saturday. "Drs. M'Leonan and Todd were in attendance upon the deceased lady, .and performed a very trying operation, which necessitated the death of the infant, anti the shock from which proved too severe for the patient's system, who gradually. sank c and expired on Sunday. Much sympathy is felt for Mi. Mellis, who is an'old resident of this district, and who is left with A family of four 'small. children. : The leceased was interred . in the Tatura Cemetery, the fdneral cortege being followed to the grave by a largo number of sorrowing friends. The number .of applications for patents in Great Britain during the past year amounted to 17,162, being an in crease over that of 188k4 of 52, and of 1,061 respectively. The annual' fte at Moornoopnn on Friday ne.tt, in aid of the local Ihospital, promises to be a great success in every i respect. The various committees are working hard to get everything into pro per order, and in addition to the liberal I programme of sports, the procession should be a sight worth seeing, special i .efforts being mitade in regard to it this r year.. There will -no doubt be a ?nrge attendance from all neighbouring towns,' and visitors will have tlihe satisfaction of knowing that while, enjoying, a day's' amusement they. are contributing .to I the salpport of a deserving institution. 1 The laily collectors have been making ' vigorous canvass of thlu district, and the 1 financial result should bhe eoiiinently satissfactory.. ,. '. . * t One: of- thnose pranks which seem' - so munch to.delighit weaker-headed por tion'of every community anid which take lthe form, n ghost represunitatioli hasl hein played downll at ilnhwortllh lately v by some aspliriug canlildatte.fl theiYafrra n lelld 'Asylunm., It ilppcars that' Mi" l' M .yers wife of Dr.P rM; yers, of IhuLh- c worth, has beoen sllering from a nervous complaint for some time past, and hats several times assertdd that she was frightened by a figure which appeared in the house during her husband's absence from home. A few nights ago she alarnned Dr. Meyers saying that tlhe figure was then in the room. . Stir enough whein the doctor awok lie per ceived tihe visitor clad in. the orthordox snowy habiliments, and escaping .from the room, 'the doctor followed .lthe ghostly. visitor and reached tile nIext room just in tile to see it disappear through, thle window, maiking a very earthly clatter and ,nise as it knocked against the-window frame in 'making its exict? The police are now watchinig tihe place,: andi they., are: determined, if possible, to give his giostshlip, a clhance of vamonnsing from the little cell at the little cell at the Police Cnamp.. A very enjoyable pic-nic came off at South Murchison on Fridany last," when, at the joint invitation of Mesdanmes Day, Sumner, Miller, and Baker, a Inrge number of people front Murchisun, Waihring, and elsewhere assembled at a well-selected si?pt on the banks of tlhe Goulburn to partake of tloi .er nspitrlity and spend (the day in good old picnic fashion. The recent rainsn had cooled tie air, laid tile dunt,.andlino fact mrindo. the weather and roads all tlhat could be? desired for a drive and adayd ,oeutinig, those who accepted the invitation so kindly given having. nothing to regret. Dancinig. cricket, and other anmusements were freely indulged in, and tihe Mur chison Brass Band added their quota to the enjnynment by. playing several selcections during the day. The festi vities wound up with a dance at night ini Messrs. Days' mill, and many who could not avail themselves of tihe invita tion to the picnic put in an appearance here, where right merrily was dancing kept going till early morning, visitors unnninmously voting the gathering st very pleasant one. A meeting of the Mecihanics' Institute Coinmmitte was held in the Mechanics' on Friday evening last. Present-= Mlessrs. Williamns, Grover, Irwin,Groves, Smith, M'Cleerv, and Gellionn. The minutes of the ordinary, also tile special meeting were read and confirmed on the motion of Mr. Irvine, seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried. Ati apology- from Mr. O. Wilson, for non-attendance, was received. Accounts amounting to Alb 14s. Gd. were passed for payment on the motion of Messrs. Grover andti Gellion. Three tenders were received for bildinig reading .room,- removing bonk casn; supplying new seats, and repairing old onesl--Mr. C. Wilson, £228 5s. Odt. Mr. W. Taylor. £200 4a. 0(1.; Mr. Jewel, £255 10s. Od. Messrs. Gellino and Irwin moved that Mr. C. Wilsonn's tender be accepted. Carried unanimusly. The annual meeting is. to be held on Friday, 25th March; to elect members to fill vaeancies caused by nffluxion of time. Tihe library 'is to be closed for stock taking for a fortnight, from 12th Marcih. Stock-takinng and other business to be entrusted to Messrs. J. D. Love, C. Gellion, H. Groves, anld Jr. Smith. Messrs. Wilson mnd Brown were elected auditors. *Treasurers report credit balance £60 O9s. O. 10 Messrs. Groves, Byrne, M'Cleury, Forsyth. Moore, Smlith, andtI Canmpbell retired; elligible for re election, and the meeting then closed. 