HOURS WITH GREAT IRISHMEN. By Justin Htjntly M'Carthy, M.P. (United Ireland,) LORD EDWARD FITZGERALD. In tbe finest and most famous of the speeches of Thomas Francis Meagher the orator appeals to "the ducal palace in this kingdom where the memory of the gallant and seditious Geraldine enhances more than royal favour the splendour of his race." Here is not in the whole history of oratory a finer passage than that from which those words are taken. Demosthenes from his rock-stand, beholding " unstable Athens heave her stormy seas" beneath him; Cicero defying the menaoes of armed men within the sacred precincts of the Senate House; Vergniaud lending to the passions of the French Revolution a lustre it was destined soon to lose, never uttered a more powerful appeal to the traditions and the emotions of a people than that in which the entbusiaBt of Young Ireland oonjured his hearers and all the world to oast aside the " miserable'maxim " of his adversaries. If it were permissible to suggest any poBsible][improvement in such a rush of magnificent and immortal language—and I, for one, am so intense an admirer of Meagher's speeches that to hint at any alteration of them iB scarcely less bold than a Mussulman proposition to amend the Koran — it might be suggested that there is a spot more intimately connected with the " gallant and seditious Geraldine," and more appropriate even than the ducal palace of his raoe, to point suoh an appeal to his countrymen. That spot is the small room in Thomas-street wbere Lord Edward fought so desperately against arrest, and where with his capture and subsequent death tbe last hopes of tbe United Irishmen were extinguished. A tradition common to many countries (is fond of declaring that in places where a great murder has been committed the blood of the victim has stained for ever tbe flnor with an ineradicable mark. Thus, in Holyrood the traveller who has come to the foot of Arthur's seat is shown by his cicerone the darkened corner which is said to have borne ineffaceable testimony of blood ever since tbe angry daggers of the Soottish gentlemen met in tbe body of tbe Italian favourite. Over in Hanover, in the ancient palace of the Guelpbs, there is a bloodstained spot in the Hall of the Knights where Count Konigsmarok met his death, at the hands, some say, of the dissolute Elector who afterwards became King of England under the title of George tbe First. The tradition which lingers around the scenes where the feeble Italian music-maker and the Binful Swedish adventurer were slaughtered has not been repeated for tbe galiant and seditious Geraldine. No trace of bis brave blood stains the walls where be made his last stand, and where the short struggle raged so fiercely that all the narrow place was splashed with his life's current. But in the mind's eye of the pilgrim to that shrine those sordid walls are still reddened and sanctified by tbe bravest blood that ever yet was offered up in the cause of national liberty. My thoughts have been especially turned in the direction of that room and of Lord Edward Fitzgerald this week by a letter which has just come into my possession, and whioh has a special bearing upon bis story, and most of all upon the closing scene of it. The letter, which comes from New South Wales, was written in the December of last year by a grandson of the soldier named Ryan, who was chiefly instrumental in effecting the capture of Lord Edward, and who died of the wounds he reoeivnd in the struggle with the Geraldine. Yeomanry Captain Ryan's grandson objects very strongly to the description given of tbe scene in Mr. Frouda's " English in Ireland in tbe Eighteenth Century," wherein he represents Major Swan »b "being wounded through and through, and clinging to Lord Edward." The Mr. Ryan of to-day appeals against this to the statement of his father, yeomanry Captain Ryan's son, as given in the memoirs and correspondence of Viscount Castleresgh, edited by Lord Londonderry, and to the acoonnt given in Haverty's History to maintain his case that to Captain Ryan, and to Captain Ryan alone, is it due that the arrest of Lord Edward Fitzgerald was effected. As Mr. Ryan is exceedingly anxious to have the actual facts of the tragedy of Thomasstreet made known, and as it is tbe historian's duty to seek for accuracy even in. the minutest details, I oannotdo better than set forth and give publicity to those portions of Mr. Ryan's case upon whioh be most strongly relies :— " Unwillingness," says Mr. Ryan, 'to offend the m^ceptlbilitieB of Swan's survivors doubtless caused my father to content himself with simply repudiating any important part being taken by Swan t i s t m n that occasion without emphatically tating that be had left the room; but when I find subsequent historians of Mr. Froude's literary rank and reputation giving suoh a false representation of Swan's services (or rather non-services) in the affair, I cannot but feel sorely aggrieved and indignant, and will not esitate to strive to have tbe truth maniested. I consider Sirr's letter to my ather in '38 (published in my father's tatement), so far as it relates to Swan, oth evasive and bypooritical. My father ad asked him whether he had sanctioned he accounts published in the Times of that day, wherein Swan's share in the transaction was grossly exaggerated, I think. Yet he declines to meet that simple question in a straightforward and manly way, and because he was not present at the scene of that struggle, forsooth,' fee knew nothing about it,' as if anyone can for a moment believe that those two men, Sirr and Swan, wbo were on most intimate terms, officially f\nd privately, bad not often discussed between themselves that most eventful occurrence with all its sad and thrilling attendant circumstances. His Bilence, therefore, about Swan's affording any help in the aotual conflict, in my mind, recoils on his friend's reputation with most injurious effeot—as either, if present, he held aloof from practioal assistance, which Sirr would be ashamed to admit; or if, as I believe, he bad early left tbe room, and was therefore not present to render help, so he (Swan) oould give no account of it. Thus, Sirr evades answerng the question altogether, as in either ase it oould only reflect disastrously on wan's character. . . . I was always old by my father that Swan, on being ounded, left the room, when his father mmediately entered, and effectually preented Lord Edward's escape by tbe taircase communicating with the roof of he house, and that his father had to deal with Lord Edward single- handed. his information he derived from his other, a lady member of the Bisbop amily—one of the best families in tbe ounty Cork in those days—and she had received it from her dying husband." Mr. Murphy's account of the arrest goes to confirm Mr. Ryan's cask * On tbe night of Friday, the 18th May,. 1798, Lord Edward came to my house (153 Thomas-street) at about seven o'clock. On Saturday, the 19th May, I went to Lord Edward's sleepingroom, and found he was in. bed, I was not in tbe room three minutes when in came Major Sit an and a person following him, in a soldier's jacket and a sword in bis hand. When I saw Major Swan I was thunderstruck. He looked over me and saw Lord Edward in bed. He pushed by me quickly, and Lord Edward seeing him, sprang up instantly, like a tiger, and drew a dagger which he carried about him, and wounded Major Swan slightly. Major Swan had a pistol in his waistcoat pocket, which he fired without effect. He immediately turned to me and gave me a severe thrust of the pistol under the eye, at the same time desiring tbe person that came with him to take me into custody. I was immediately tsken away to the yard; there I saw Major Sirr and about six soldiers of the Dumbarton Fencibles. Major Swan had thought proper to run as fast as he oould to the street. Mr. Ryan supplied Major Swan's place ; he came in contact with Lord Edward, and was wounded seriously. Major Bur at that time came upstairs, and, keeping at & respectful distance, fired a pistol at Lord Edward in a very deliberate manner, and wounded him on the shoulder. Reinforcements coming in, Lord Edward surrendered, after a very hard struggle. Ryan lived for about a fortnight after. Lord Edward died of his wounds on the 4th June, 1798." I have deait at so much length with Mr. Ryan's case because, as I said, accuracy even in the small details of a great event is of importance alike to the historian and to tbe student of history. Thn latter are greatly indebted to Mr. Fitzpatrick for having with great pains ascertained definitely that the betrayer of Lord Edward Fitzgerald's hiding- place to the Government was Higgins, the " Sham Squire." In the same way, and to give completeness to every point of the great tragedy of Ninety-eight, a certain interest does attach to the name of the individual who was .instrumental in effecting the capture of Lord Edward Fitzgerald. Yeomanry Captain Ryan Beems to have performed an office which certainly cannot endear his _ memory to Irishmen with a oonrage in whiob the two chief instruments of the raid were lacking, and he sacrificed his life in the discharge of his task. The establishment of Yeomanry Captain Ryan's right to recognition as the chief actor In the tragedy have at least tho effect of adding a slightly darker stain to the memories of Sirr and Swan. I most, »t .the sameitime, confess that I fail $9 ) appreciate tbe desire of any man to be I associated with the arrest of Lord Edward itzgerald ; but It is the part of the hronicler to aocept facts and to be glad f scouracy, even in matters of comparaive insignificance. The whole range of Irish historical iterature can hardly afford a more deightful or a more melancholy volume han ThomBS Moore's Memoirs of Lord dward Fitzgerald. Written on that rinciple whioh governs all the beBt iographies it tells its story largely in be words of its own hero, and where hese most inevitably are wanting it calls n the aid of contemporaries to fill the oid. Thus the book has in a great easure all the indefinable charm whioh uBt belong to autobiography, and here this Is missing we get from the etters and writings of those who were themselves aotors in or spectators of the age that realistic impression whioh is tbe highest quality of history. In Moore's fascinating pages the wild, checkered, heroic life loses nothing by being recorded by a poet's pen. From tbe first page to the last the fortunes of tbe greatest of the Fit zger aids are followed with tbe appreciative sympathy of a man of genius for a man of genius. The eager boy fed his spirit with all the details of the military art, and be writes joyously to tbe mother who was bo long the dearest confidante of all bis thoughts, hopes, and ambitions about '' a very pretty survey of the fields round the Garonne" which he has made. " I have tired you now pretty well by my boastings," he adds, simply, " but you know I have always ratber a good opinion of whatever I do." While still very young he joined the army and entered upon tbe career of adventure which was destined to end so tragically while still in the flower of bis age. His life for some years ran much on those two themes of war and love, which are popularly supposed to be the chief emotions of a soldier's mind. All sorts of fair women flit across tbe pages of his letters to his mother.. Shadowy presences to us, dim ghosts of those lastcentury beauties wbo fired the warm heart and chivalrous soul of the young Geraldine I Miss Sandford, " the charming girl, very pretty, with a great deal of wit and very sensible and goodhumoured," appears early in his correspondence. " If I had bad time," he declares, " I should have fallen desperately in love with her." Then came the American War and his own brave deeds. Some years later he is convinced that be is devoted to the Lady Catherine Mead, Lord Clanwiliiam's daughter, who afterwards marries Lord Powersoourt; and of the fair Kate be writes very sweetly and sadly to the invariable recipient of all his confidences and all his joys and sorrows, his mother. " Pretty dear Kate " is, however, gradually obliterated from his memory by another passion which influenced him profoundly, but in which he was doomed to disappointment. He sought absence and forgetfnlness in America, where he became a member of the Bear tribe of Indians, through the good graces of the Chief of the Six Nations. But it took him long enough to be cured of this heart's sorrow. The tragic story which Madame de Genlis tells of the unhappy admiration which Lord Edward's youth and wit, courage and manly bearing, aroused in tbe beautiful wife of Riohard Brinsley Sheridan would happily appear to be without foundation. That he waB a friend and sincere admirer of Mrs.' Sheridan was natural, and the close resemblance which the woman he finally arried, the fair Pamela, bore to Mrs. Sheridan was the chief cause, no doubt, of the legend. It was in Paris that Lord Edward first met Pamela, in Moore's words, " the adopted, or, aB may now be said without scruple, actual daughter of MadamB de Genlis by the Duke of Orleans." Paris was full of excitement 10 Lord Edward. The revolutionary fever was at its height, and, carried away by it, Lord Edward solemnly renounced his title at a Republican banquet, and insisted upon being addressed as Citizen Edward Fitzgerald. This and bis marriage to a daughter of Phillippe Egalitd roused English anger, and Lord Edward was removed from the roll of the British army. Then came his life in Dublin, his impassioned championship of his oppressed country, bis adhesion to tbe United Irishmen, his plans for a revolution which, but for tbe maohinations of traitors, promised every chance of success, and, finally, the fight In Thomas-street, the death in prison, and the grave in St. Werburgh's Churohyard. Another Irishman, no less gallant, no leBS devoted to tbe cause for which he, too, was destined to be no less a martyr, Theobald Wolfe Tone, wrote:—"I knew Fitzgerald very little, but I honour and venerate his cbaraoter, which he has uniformly sustained and in this last instanoe illustrated His career is finished gloriously for himself, and whatever be the event, his memory will live for ever in the heart of every honest Irishmen." 