The Advertiser MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1887. THE dissatisfaction generally exhibited with reference to the scheme of pensions and free policies drawn up by the directors of the Australian Mutual Provi- dent Society has led them to adopt a couise in which, after a careful review of the circumstances, ire do not think they are altogether justified. The condemna tion of the principle of pensioning officers expressed at the meeting of members held in Sydney last month was unquestionably emphatic, and it is not too much to say that it has been echoed by thousands of policy-holders throughout Australasia. It moat also be admitted that reflections of a not very courteous or fair description were made upon the directors at the meet ing referred to: but the sympathy of the majority present was distinctly with them so far as concerned any question of inten tional concealment of facts. It was ex plained by Mr. Goodlet, as chairman of the board, that the proceedings of the direc tors had been perfectly open and exposed to the view of all whom they concerned from the beginning; and he produced reports adopted at members' meetings to show that the directors had not acted with secrecy. That matter having been disposed of, no other question affecting their integrity remained to be answered. The confidence expressed in the directors personally should have consoled them for any distress of mind which an unfounded charge might have occasioned; but it appears that they have chosen to put the most seriousconstruction possible upon the hostility exhibited towards their scheme. They have addressed a circular to the chairmen of the boards in the various colonies directing a plebiscite to be taken as to whether or not they were justified in their proposal of superannuation. In appealing from the Sydney policy-holders to the members of the association through out Australasia the directors have made it clear by expres? statement that they will regard the decision on the principle itself as determining the question of their retention of office. In the circular, which is signed by Mr. Goodlet, a mass of information that ought properly to have been communi cated to the Sydney policy holders w is adduced by way of extenuation. The speech made by Mr. Goodlet at the meeting in Sydney vindicated very com pletely the conduct of the directors as being free from concealment, bat little if any attempt was made to justify the scheme itself. It would have been more courteous and certainly wiser in the ] members of the directorate present had j they conceded the claim of the meeting to a complete explanation, and allowed it to be considered side by side with the speeches in which their action was challenged. As it was, the meeting, according to the S?<//??;/ jjfu;v iwj Herald, was not kept well in hand, for " lengthened and acrimonious pro ceedings were permitted to excite the feelings and weary the patience of mem bers, who were hardly prepared to hear the statement made by the chairman at the close of them." However, the direc tors having reserved till now their de fence for the consideration of policy holders at large, and having also chosen to interpret a vote adverse to their scheme as one of want of confidence in themselves, it is but fair that their case should be carefully considered. A good deal has been said on the sub ject of bonuses and gratuities paid to the officers of the association. In awards of this kind a sum of £12,000 has been ex pended during the past fifteen years. The present board claim, that they were not responsible for the initiation of the system, and point out that much the greater part of the amount was distributed by their predecessors. They go even further, and maintain the expediency of the system. The amount in ques tion is small compared to the value of the services rendered, and to the profit of £1,737,642 allotted to members of the association. The quin quennial Investigations which were neces sary to chow whether profits could be paid imposed, says Mr. Goodlet, extra labor on the staff, and the bonuses amount only to payment for such additional work. It has not been said that the bonuses are extravagant in themselves, but that they involve a wrong principle; nor has it been necessary to prove that the services of each recipient have entitled him to the gratuity. The discretion of the exist ing board, so far as its own respon sibility is concerned, has not been challenged; and there is no ground at all for supposing that the gratuities were ever concealed. In the elation pro duced by the distribution of profits tie members may have overlooked the deduc tions on ascount of payments to the staff, but that would be their own fault; and it is at least ungenerous that these gifts should afterwards be the subject of re gretful contemplation. It might perhaps be well to elicit from the whole body of members an expression of opinion on the question of whether it is desirable aad consistent with the character of a mutual institution to continue the system of irregular and Varying payments; bat in the absence of. such a pronouncement the course pursued by the directors cannot well be challenged. For the system of free policies to officers, how ever, the present directors are admittedly responsible; but then, as Mr. Goodlet argues, the members had an opportunity two years ago, when the scheme was placed before them, to reject it if they wished. It may be, as is contended by Mr. C. G. Hejdon, who has taken a leading part in opposition, that the presentation of free policies is incon sistent with the very principle of life assurance, which is that men should trust to their own resources. Divested of mere formulary the system comes to this, that in case of the death of a member in their service the association is bound to recog nise the claim of his executors to a certain provision. Mr. Heydon put the matter forcibly when he asked, " Were the can vassers of the society to go around to the public and say—lt Is your duty t> pro vide for your wives and families, and it is your duty to provide for the employes of the society." The six millions of accumu lated funds of the society is a magnificent testimony to the thrift and foresight of the 70.C00 or 80,000 contributors, and they and they only Bhould decide whether any part of this sum shall be devoted to the benefit of persons who have subscribed nothing towards it. The question of pensions has been raised more recently, and is closely con nected with the free assurance scheme. The plan of gratuitous life -policies was drawn up by Mr. Ralston, the late secretary, and Mr. Black, the actuary, who by reason of their connec tion in this way with the scheme were excluded from its advantages, but com forted with the promise of recognition in the shape of retiring pensions. This is clearly not a question to be decided in an arbitrary manner by the authorities of an assurance society conducted on the mutual system, and there are many who consider that if pensions are to be tolerated at all any claims to them should be treated on their individual merits. Mr. Ralston had enjoyed, and Mr. Black is receiving, a salary of £2,000 a year: and bonuses have been paid to them amount ing respectively to £1,250 and £1,500. A pension of £1,200 per annum was promised to Mr. Ralston, and Mr. Black is to receive a similar provision. In pro prietary companies it is assumed that the employes will make preparation before hand for retirement when unfitted by age for further duty; and long service should of itself relieve those who are well paid from the need of eleemosynary as sistance rather than be an argument for affording it. The general feeling of the policy-holders, so far as it has found public expression, is emphatically hostile to the creation of what is regarded as an ob jectionable precedent. By withdrawing from their position the directors would not forfeit their right to give a gratuity in specially deserving ciaea. A pension scheme in ? provident society is an anomaly and a sure means of decreas ing its popularity. The case is altogether of the simplest kind. The superannuation scheme was undoubtedly sanctioned by the members, but by inadvertence as it appears. Would the directors have re signed if when first presented it had been rejected ? If in such a matter as this the voice of those principally concerned is not to carry weight, to what limit of power are they to be restricted? Mr. Goodlet speaks of the " hypercritical and, inconsistent opposition of certain gentlemen," but the contents of his circular, so far as it is taken up with reflections on the motives of opponents in New South Wales, can have no interest outside of that colony ; and the directors would have acted more wisely if, instead of demanding a categorical yea or uay to a question, which really amounts to whether or not they shall remain in office, ibey bad prepared for the consideration of members generally a list of the changes proposed, and had offered to act in ac cordance with the concensus of opinion. When some years ago it was proposed to increase the political efficiency of the British House of Lords by the creation of life peers many Tories were shocked at the suggestion. They feared that the eacred precincts of the House would be j.rofaned by the admission of colleagues who might have so passport but brains. "My lords," said the late Lord Derby in an outburst of pompous rhetoric, "if you admit the power of a Minister to intro duce even one life peer at his discretion, and to keep the peerage dangling from father to son as a bait for further services, I tell you that the hereditary character of this House is gone, its usefulness in legislation is gone, its inde pendence is gone, and you had-better abdicate your functions and intimate your readiness to consent to anything the House of Commons may please to dic tate.' It was said that the new rank would, like the Order of the Bath, be vulgarised by indiscriminate promotions. The Bill for creating life peers was intro duced by Lord Russell, who complained tbat many capable and experienced men were unable to find a dignified and useful occupation at the close of a busy career. Some valuable experience, he contended, was lost to the public service through the difficulty of obtaining a seat in the House of Commons, or perhaps through unwillingness to engage in political con tests. Diplomatists, soldiers, and judges were frequently discontented with the dulness which follows on the termination of an active hie ; and unless they possessed large fortunes as well as considerable t minence they could hardly hope for eleva tion to the House of Lords. Lord Russell limited the proposed number of peers to 28, which number would be filled up by the appointment of four every year. The Bill was supported by Lord Salisbury, who thought the representative character of the House of Lords would be made more comprehensive if it were composed less ex clusively of landed proprietors. But it was not so much for the claims of intelligence that he contended as for those of industry and commerce. The Upper Chamber, in his view, ought to be brought into closer relations with the mercantile and manu facturing classes ; but considerable horror was expressed by some of his fellow members at the proposal to admit col leagues of a lower rank, and the Bill was rejected. The immediate occasion for the Bill was the necessity of legalising the appoint ment of Sir James Parke, a Baron of the Exchequer, as a peer for life under the title of Lord Wensleydale. The House of Lords had refused to admit Lord RuEsell's nominee to a seat in this capacity, and the Bill authorising the principle of life peerages having been rejected, he was created an hereditary peer, retaining the title. Now, however, the identical question has been revived, but has been dealt with io. quite a dif ferent fashion. Lord Blackburn has re cently resigned his position as a Lord of Appeal. His resignation carried with it the loss of his vote and his seat in the House. It was found needful, therefore, to introduce a Bill restoring to him these privileges; and the Bill having been passed, Lord Blackburn will con tinue to hold Mb seat for life. The Bill applies only to this spscitl case, and has nothing to do with the question of life peerages gene rally; bnt as the Times remarks, "its value as a prtcedent will not be overlooked by any reformer who in future chooses to bring the question of life peer ages prominently forward." It is per haps convenient that the feeling of, the House of Lords should be tested by the case of a peer no longer holding an official position ; and Lord Salisbury, if he is as desirous as he was some years ago of giving the Upper Chamber a new lease of existence by doing away with one of the restrictions which impede its usefulness, may extend the privilege of admission for life to others besides judges. Life peerages, whatever may be their merits, have no place in the English constitution, nor is it certain that a new constitution would include peers of any description. Constitutional lawyers have decided against the Crown's possession of the prerogative of creating life peers, though there is no dispute as to the power of conferring the mere rank without the privilege of voting. Lord Russell failed in his attempt to place his nominee in the House for life by the use of the Queen's prerogative, because it was not thought legal that a power should be re vived after remaining dormant for three or four hundred years. It was felt in Lord Russell's time that if it was desirable to revive the prerogative the Government ought to have procured addresses in favor of the scheme from both Houses : and no doubt that ?rill be the course adopted whenever the principle of life peerages comes to be sanctioned. Whateverniay be said with regard to life peerages, there can be no two opinions about the wisdom of the suggestion of the 9 laics that the privileges of the House o£ Loids Bhould be restricted "to a com paratively small body of peers elected out of the whole number as the liish and Scottish representative peers are elected new." It is the general Liberal opinion that the House of Lords requires to be greatly " tinkered ;" and one of the first reforms will be an arrange ment tbat the whole body shall elect a certain number to represent them. It is an anomaly that "animal succession" should le the qualification for so many members of the supreme chamber of Legis lature ; and it is a still greater evil taa% the laws enacted for the many miHioas who constitute the British Empire should Decontrolled in any way by men wanting in he ordinary qualities ?f intelligence and virtue. Even the Times is constrained to admit that " nothing fives so much, point to the cry against the Lords—a cry "which is at present only silenced for the time by the pressure of more immediate career-as the popular persuasion (which is true) that great measures are commonly defeated by a crowd of peers, many of them very young men, who come up in obedience to the whip and record .their votes in a House which they never think of at tendin* for serious work." The unfit should be forced to abdicate their legis lative functions. The powers they have enjoyed from time immemorial of resisting useful legifllationarevery inadequatelycon tiolled by the device, which is certainly clumsy, of swamping the House with members sufficient to readjust the balance in the direction desired by the Govern ment for the time being, the Bouseof Com mons, and the country. This courae was adopted many years ago, and Mr. Glad stone was prepared during the franchise agitation to repeat it on a larger scale if the mere intimation of his purpose had not sufficed for the attainment of his object Reform in the direction of ex cluding the unfit will, however, come after better methods have been adopted for the election of the fit; and if the promise held out by the appointment of Lord Blackburn to a permanent seat in the House be fulfilled, life peerages will be a valuable change in the constitution of an assembly which rests solely on an historical basis. Kb age has been entirely free from a belief in supernatural powers and forces directly affecting the interests of mankind. Sometimes the belief partakes of the character of a speculation loosely held aa part of a not very vital theological creed ; at other times it assumes the form of a terrifying superstition, which strongly influences conduct; in still other cases it may present practical and almost businesslike aspects. The nineteenth cen tury is remarkable for developments of a faith in the supernatural which those who hold it have attempted to reduce to scientific terms. The great modern move ment of spiritualism is put forward as an endeavor to supply material proofs of the doctrine of immortality. Modern ghosts do not revisit the glimpses of the moon to 'warn or torment or affright the living, but to prove in a cheerful and pleasant -way that what they are all will one day be. Their function, as demonstra tors of (life everlasting, is gether practical; and that it may be well discharged believers in them claim that the spirits will submit to all reasonable teats of their identity and good faith. The chief use of the ghostly visitant in this sceptical age is supposed to be its, or his, or hers, willingness and abDity to satisfy doubters who can obtain no intellectual relief from dogmatic re ligious systems. But ghosts, while re garding this as the chief end of their com munications with the earthly sphere, are not above taking an occasional interest in mundane concerns of a more strictly practical kind. In America—the home of enterprising spirits —business men have had the assistance of ghostly friends in the discovery of under ground stores of oil or water. One ghost with a mechanical turn revealed to a spiritual " circle" the secret of a new and improved window-blind which is said to havebeenaremarkablesucess. InQuaena land, as our telegrams a day or two ago stated, an accommodating spirit indicated where gold was to be found to the occu pant of a plot of leased land. Similar examples of ghostly interest in sublunary enterprises are not rare. No ghost, how ever, helped South Australians to discover the riches of Teetulpa, and thus far no spiritual politician visiting any local "circle" of anxious enquirers has con descended to give the country what it wants so badly—a spick-and-span new policy of instant and infallible virtues. Hut at an influential meeting of farmers held not very many weeks ago a proposal wasseriouslysubmitted forinvokingthe aid of the supernatural in assisting settlers to obtain that which in some of the arid districts of this colony is almost as valu able as gold, viz., water. The suggestion was that the Government should make an experiment with the alleged powers of the divining-rod. Of course it received no support, and the question of substituting the divining-rod for the diamond drill does not appear even to have been debated. There is a natural tempta tion to make fun of a propo sition which, like this, may ba taken to savor of a stupid superstition. But we shall not do justice to believers in the divining-rod if we too hastily assume that they all regard its movements as due to supernatural causes. Some do not, and, ridiculing the suggestion that the rod is controlled by spiritual forces, they ascribe its action to some unintelligible relation between the magnetism of man and the magnetism of water. All this is ignorant jargon and unmeaning twaddle to the students of physical science, who know of no magnetism cither in man or water capable of producing the effects attributed to the divining-rod ; but still the pretended explanation has a physical and not a supernatural basis. The divining rod, whether mortal muscles, or spirits, or magnetism move it, will—we are afraid— have to be tested by private enterprise, and if there is anything in it no doubt it -will be able to get on without Government assistance. Believers perhaps will derive some consolation from the unsympathetic reception which all great discoveries have met with before the time arrived for their popular acknowledgment. It is not such a great while ago that when the American ? Congress was asked for a vote to assist Mr. Morse to carry out some experiments -with the magnetic telegraph—then not known to the nn?i??iiHfi?? world—legisla tors received the proposal with ridicule and rejected it with dizain one member to signify his contempt moving an amend ment for a vote to aid the caase of mesmerism. The implication was that magnetic telegraphy and mesmerism were equally impostures. Yet since tk*t time telegraphy has revolutionised the world. The divining-rod, unlike the electric tele graph, has made its claim for centuries ; is it reserved for this practical and unbelieving age to establish its disputed virtues ? Is it to Bhame science after all, and will one of its incidental blessings be to solve the great question of water con servation in South Australia? We fear not; but at any rate we prefer for the present to put our faith in the diamond drill, MtHi?T than in the magic wand, as the best means of discovering under ground stores of water. Komination? will be received to-day of can didates to represent the districts of West Toirens, Sturt, Mount Barker, Wooroora, Victoria, Albert, Stanley, Frotne, Newcastle, and Flinders, in the House of Assembly. Election day for the West Torrens and Sturt districts is Saturday, April 2, and for ttre re mainder of the districts, excepting Flinders, -Wednesday, April 6. The Flinders election will take place on Thursday, April 21. We are informed that an attempt is to be made to upset the Wallaroo election. Sjiue of the electors of the district who it may be in ferred are antagonistic to the Cknutrassioner of Public Works, have it is stated sutacribel a sum of £50, and are asking for further sub scriptions in order that they may test the legality of the election. The point at issue is that votes were recorded by persons, the num ber bane given as 70, whose names had not been on the roll for a sufficient length of time -to enable them to properly exercise the fran chise. The local papers are silent on the quee tiun, but our informant believes that deter mined action will be taken by the oppananLs ?of JS4r. Furatr. Tht EarlandiCounteesof Aberdeen who, as an nouLcedmaparagraph inSaturday's Advertiser, arrived by the P. & O. mail steamer Ballarat on Friday have fince been the guests of His Exo-llency the Goremtr at Glenelg. The distarguisted visitors spent the early part of Saturday in the city, Lady Aberdeen proceed ing to the Children's Hospital at North Ade laide with fcis Honor Chief Justice Way, while Lis lordship was conducted over the Post-Office and other public buddings bythe acting-Pre mier. The party afterwards proceeded with Mr. E. T. Smith, MP. (Mayor of Adelaide), to the Jubilee Exhibition Building. In the afternoon his Excellency the Governor and Lord and Lady Aberdeen went by special train to Mount Lofty, and after visiting- Sir Wm. Milne returned to Glenelg. To day the visitors -will leave for Melbourne spending a day at Ballarat en route. Kent Kash, a fanner, of Wissanger, Kan garoo Island, has been arrested on a charge of manslaughter. It will be remembered that ?n Jannary SO a lad named Radford, who was in tte employ of Kaj*, died, and it was stated that he had been badly treated by his master. An inquest was held on January 3L and re suited m a. verdict being returnel to the ?ffect. that Wm. Percy R?dford came to bis death by violence; that there was not sufficient evidence to criminate any ikxeod, but that there was evidence that Kent Nash brutally ill treated the deceased *t various time?, and that he was uuaffi ciently fed, thug leaving the suspicion on the minds of the jury that Nash caused the boy's death. The father of the boy, feeling dia- Batbfied with the finding of the jury, has been in communication with the authorities on the subject, and enquiries have resulted in sufficient evidence being procured to justify the arrest of Nash on the charge of man slaughter. The accused will appear before the local justice to-day. According to the following order from the ?Staff Office there is to be a review of the mili tary torces at Easter:—"On Saturday, April 9, the whole force—cavalry, artillery, and infantry, including the reserve—will parade at 10 a.m. for two whole days' encampment and for field mana'uvring on Easter Monday. They t\ ill parade on the Staff Office parade eronni The general idea on .Saturday wfiT be a flying column sent out to feel for an enemy, a camp equipment inarching in rear under a guard. The column will reach the camping ground by daylight, cook dinners, and pitch camp for the night. On I'aster Sunday ser vice ?will be htld in camp for the different denominations. Rations of meat, bread, and groceries will be supplied free in the camp tor Saturday, Sunday, and Monday morning. On Monday field tactics will be practised, and the troops will be marched back so a3 to reach Adelaide on their return about sunset that evening." The Full Gouit will sit today, this being the first day of term. A railway telegraph station has been re opened at iiowood, Queensland. A telephone office has been opened at Cradock, and messages may be sent at the Ufcual rates. Advices from Rangoon state that the Moul iiutin telegraph route to Siam is interrupted beyond the Indian frontier. A Battery of Artillery paraded for field exercise on Saturday. The men mustered at the parade-ground, North-terrace, and then, with hones attached to the guns, proceeded to the foot of Montifiore-hiQ. Here, under Cap tain Howie, the battery was exercised in a cumber of field movement*, in which they ac quitttd themselves fairly welL As the battery was passing across the overway bridge at Morphett-street the horse ridden by Sergeant- Major Clifford shied at a pissing dray and bolted. Fortunately its rider escaped with a shaking, but the animal collided with a vehicle, and it is thought was somewhat eeriously injured. Messrs. Harrold Brothers have bean appointed Bole agents in this colony for the Australasian Electric Light, Power, and Storage Go. (Limited), of London and Sydney, whose contract for lighting the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition by the electric light has been accented by the promoters. Messrs, Haixold Brothers have arranged with the com pany to provide all the necessary steam engines, &c;, about 250-horsepower, to give the motive power for working their electrical machinery, which will befitted up in auanuese adj.pining the machinery hall. This wotk is now well in hand, and Messrs. Harrold Brothers expact to have everything ready in ample time for the opening of the Exhibition. Between 11 o'clock on Tuesday evening and 5 o'clock on the following morning the house of Mr?. Hannah Delvio, who lives at the corner of Palmer-place and Kermode-street, North Adelaide, was entered by a burglar. It seems that at the former time the family went to bed, all the doors and windows having been closed. On waking in the morning Mrs. 1 >elvin, with whom a daughter was sleeping, found that the window of her room had been poshed opsn and a number of articles, which were on tne chest of drawers, stolen. The entrance of the burglar does not apjear to have been noticed by any one in the house. On Saturday a man named Charles LetUe was arrested by Detective Hampton for the offence, and he will be bi ought before the Police Court this morning, A fire broke out in Bundle-street in the rooms of Mr. W. A. Francis, photographer, at about half-past 10 o'clock on Sunday morning. Fortunately two fire reels were close at hand, and these arrived promptly at the place, and there being a good supply of water soon succeeded in extinguishing the flames. This was not done, however, before much damage had been occcrrtd by fire and water to Mr. Francis's premises, and by water to the adjoining shops, occupied by Mesas. Castle & Co. and Mr. YVohlcke. All the persons concerned were in sured. The matter was reported to the city coroner, who on inspecting the scene yesterday found that the whole of the rooms above Mr. Cattle's shop were occupied by Mr. Francis. An inquest will be held on Tuesday morning. It should be mentioned that Mr. Francis lives at Norwood, and Mr. Castle at Mount Lofty. The latter gentleman did not reach town till middsy. A Moscow paper gives the following descrip tion of an extraordinary spectacle which was witnessed recently on the Caspian Sea:— " The shores of the Caspian abound in naphtha spiiugs extending for miles under the sea, the imprisoned gases of this volatile substance escaping from fUsotes in its bed and bubbling up in large volumes to the surface. This circumstance has given rise to the practice of 'setting the bea on fire,' which is thus described by a medein traveller: —'Hiring a steam barge, we put out to Bea, and after a lengthy search found a suitable spot. Our boat having moved round to windward, a sailor threw a bundle of burning flax in the Bea, when floods of light dispelled the surrounding darkneu. bo fireworks, no illuminations, are to be compared to the sight that presented itself to our gaze. It was as though the sea trembled convulsively amid thousands of fhoothjg, dancing toneues of flame of pro digious size. Now they emerged from the water, now disappeared. At one time they soared aloft and melted away ; at another a gust of wind divided them into bright streaks of flame, the foaming, bubbling billows making music to the scene. In compliance with the wishes of some of the spectators, our barge id steered towards the flames, and passed through the midst of them, a somewhat dangerous ex* peximent, as the barge was employed in the transport of naphtha, and was pretty well saturated with the fluid. However, we escaped without accident, and gazed for an hour longer on the unwonted spectacle of a sea on fire." The Orient Company's steamship Oroya, which arrived at Largs Bay, from London, on Sunday evening, was formerly built and tngined by the Barrow Shipbuilding Company for the Pacific Steam Navigation Company, and is 475 feet long. The interior fittings of the Oroja rival those of the Ormuz, and the' saloon itself is 40 feet long, taking in the whole breadth of the vessel, and containing tables sufficient to seat at Che same time 130 passengers. Throughout the vessel there are 530 electric lights, those in the public rooms having 16-candle power each, and the rest 8 candle power, 'itmroghoot the vessel, too, there is a complete water service, and stewards will no longer carry chamber jogs. Both luxurious and utilitarian principles are severely regarded throughout the vessel. The galleys, pantries, and steam cooking instilla tions are all in beeping with the rest of the equipment of this fine vessel. The bakeries supply the passengers with fresh bread every day, even the biscuits are made on board. There is no cow carried, but instead there are numerous tins of frozen new milk from which it-is thawed as required for daily use, and is not distinguishable when liquid from ''this morning's milk." Bjuldera of frozen fresh butter are carried for the whole voyage. In warm weather the pas sengers are supplied with as much ice as they like to nee, ana teie are steam pipes all through the snip to heat the cabins in cold weather. The provision chambers of tile vessel are capable of containing supplies for 1,000 people from England to Australia. Toe speed of foe vessel on her trial trip averaged over 1G knots an hour. The decision of the New Zealand Court of Appeal that tte conviction of Thomas Hall, for the niurder of Captain Henry Gun, bo quathed has not (writes the Danedin carre fFondentof the Melbourne Atyun) met with general favor. The judges htll that the evidence on which the prisoner was convicted of the attempt to poison his wife ought not to have been admitted in the trial Cor the pticr murder of Cain, and without this evi dence Mr. Justice Williams expressed toe opinion that there was not sufficient to find the prisoner guilty. The court held that there was not sufficient connection between the two esses to form part of one and the earae transaction or de-dgn, no connec tion having bten established by reason of design requiting for its execution the death of Captain Cain and Mrs. Hall. Viewed in the light of science, philosophy, or \- common sense tbere was, without doubt, a neiusbttwten the two events. Bat while the strong general resemblance was cogent evi dence to the general mind such resemblance standing alone, without other cjnnecting cir cumitances. was not allowed by the law of England as relevant proof of guilt. The judges eaid they were aware that in ca-es like this the application of the rigid principle of common law must often result in what the public may be disposed to regard as a failure of ju?tue, but that was not their concern. It wss their duty to see justice administered according to law, and if the law was occasionally a hindrance to the administration of justice it was the duty of the legislature to apply a remedy. In conclusi.n they thought it only right to express their opinion that the learned judge who tried the case had prasticaQyno alternative but to provisionally admit th? evidence. Tbere was a general muster of the Militia Forces on Saturday afternoon in order that the successful marksmen might receive the various prizes won by them in cUss-firing. Having atstn.blfd at the parade ground, North terrace, at 3 o'clock, the men were marched to Monte ficre Hill. The nurrbers present were as follow:—Mounted Rifle*, 42, under Major Bovell; A Battery, wiUi four guns, under Mhjor Hardy; B Battery, numbering 48, under Major Fiveash; First Battalion, 192, under Colonel Madley and Majors Plummer and Harroldu Second Battalion. 14C. under Colonel Makin and Major Stuart. At 4 o'clock the forces were drawn op in the form of a hollow square for the purpose of re ceiving the Commandant, Brigadier-General Owen, who was accompanied by Major Gordon, D.A.A.G., and Lieutenant-Colonel Claxton. The general then distributed the prizes and addressed a few remarks to the men. He complimented them upon their general ap pearance, and eaid the shooting was better this rear than it had been in previous years. It was gratifying to him to find such improve ment, and he trusted that it would be main tained. This was the first time he had had the pleasure of meeting them since the pasting of the new Act, and he wished to disabuse their minds of some ridicu lous ideas which had been circulated with re ference to the Militia. The men must have discovered themselves by this time that there was no real difference in the character of the force. The mifconception had perhaps arisen owing to the change of name, but that was always the case when the name of any old body or association was altered. Whatever little new departures had been made under the new Act they were for the benefit of the men, and he was sure that by-and- bye they would feel it an honor to belong to the Militia of Australasia. In England and the other colonies the militia was the backbone of the State, and a eonrce of strength which no enemy could overlook. In South Australia since the change there had certainly been a falling off in the numerical strength of the force, but he attri buted this more to the depressed times than to anything dee. The force had, however, im proved in general physique. It now included no "lolloping" boyg, but only stalwart men, who alone would be admitted in future. There was no hurry about increasing the force, and it was because greater discrimination was being eseicked in the selections made that so few appeared to be joining. As soon as there was a Parliamentary vote that would justify him in increasing the force he had little doubt bat that he would be able to get the proper class of men without the slightest difficulty. He re minded them that there would be a march out and encampment at Easter. It would prove really a holiday for them, but they must not mind if they bad to meet some of the little hardships connected with camp life. They would learn a good deal during the three days, and the time would be well spent. Therefore he hoped to see a good muster. After some company drill the parade-ground was again reached by C.SO p.m.. when the men were dis- Uti&sed;, A movement has been set on foot at Port Adelaide with the view of arranging an enter tainment in aid of the sufferers bythe late colliery explosion ?at BuUi, New South Wales. Messrs. L. M. Tier and W. Mussared have the matter in hand. Mr. J. CresweU, the secretary of the Cricket ing Association, informs us that on April 16 Mesas. C. Dwyer, James, and Wood, the bicjclhtF, will give a demonstration on the oval, on which occasion a number of prizes will be competed for. The right of catering at the Caledonian sports, which are to be held on the Adelaide Oval on Easter Monday, was submitted to auc tion at the South Australian Club Hotel on Saturday evening, and was knocked down to Mr. G. Sorrell for £26. The Continental Variety Company gave a matinee for the benefit of children in Garner's Kcoms on Saturday, and in the evening re peated the performance they had previously given. On both occasions there was a fair at tendance, and the performance passed off satis factoiily. On Tuesday, March 15, Mr. A. C. Minchio. the acting-director of the Zwlogical Gardens, kindly gave an order for the free admission to the gardens of the inmates of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution. They were accompanied by the superintendent and teachers, and the whole party, numbering 43, thoroughly erjojed themselves. The usual fortnightly free breakfast was held on Sunday in the City Mission Hall. There was a large attendance, 17S persons sittingl down to a substantial repast. Mr. J. Jarvis presided over the service, being assisted by Messrs. J. J. Green, G. C. Knight, and Davis. There were about 25 men who wanted work very badly, including carpenters, painters, and laborers. The art exhibition in connection with the Port Adelaide Weslfjan Church was brought to a close on Saturday evening. During the evening vocal and instrumental music was ten? eied by Misses Curtis, Westover, and But laid. Muses Treleaven and Godden secured the prizes in the musical competition, and Mr. W. T. Rofe was successful in the word competition. Miss Sanders was awarded the prize in the spelling bee. On Friday, March 25, the Draper Memorial Literary Society tendered a social to their president, the Rev. J. V, Simpson (president of the Wesleyan Conference), who is about to leave them for his new circuit. The tables were tastefully arranged by some of the ladies, and about 60 members and. friends were present. The chair was occupied by Mr. M. H. Madge, and the vice chair by Mr. G. Hastell. Various toasts were honored, and during the evening an arid ram was presented to Mr. Simpson. On Sunday barvesttlianksgivingservices were held in the Bible ChriatianChurch, Bowden.the preachers being the Rev. T. Allen in the morn ing, the Rev. C. Tresise in the afternoon, and the Rev. O. Lake (pastor) in the evening. The decorations consisted of evergreens, branches of fig, orange, and date palm trees, fruit, and flowers, and in front of the rostrum on a large table was a fine assortment of fruit, vegetables, flour, and wheat. There was a good attendance at each service. The opening meeting of the South Park Football Club was held at the Supreme Court Hotel on Wednesday evening, Mr. MVirame I ireeiding over a good attendance. The follow ing officers were elected for the ensuing year: —Patron, Mr. C. C. Kingston, M.P.; presi dent, Mr. E. Weidenbacb; vice presidents, Dr. Todd, Messrs. & Raffi, T. Scherk, M.P., R. E. Minchin, F. W. Marton, A. yon Treuer; captain, W. Kilty; vice-captain, F. Jocay; secretary and treasurer, E. Heath; committee, D. Baitleet, J. Mumme, C. Cordt, with the ctptain, vice, and secretary ; association dele gates, E. Heath and F. Jocey; and J. Adey tpecial delegate. The annual prize shooting in connection with the South Australian "Any Rifle" Asso ciation will be commenced near Henley Beach on Tuesday morning. The first natch will be fired at 2GO yards, and as some of the members of German rifle clubs will take part in the con test much interest will be manifested in the proceedings. A target belonging to the Ade laide German Rifle Club baa been placed on the range for this match only. The method of scoring is altogether different to the Wimble don target, a shot will count from 1 to 13. The bnlJsejeis only 2 inches in diameter. The middle range match will be fired on the same day, and the long- range match—distances Bt)U, too, and 1,000 yards—on Wednesday, whenthe piize presented by Mr. John Bigby, of London, will be competed for. The Knelish team of professionals who have been making a toor of the colonies brought thtir Australian engagements to a close on Saturday, when the match against fifteen of South Australia, which was commenced on Thursday, was concluded,thegam9beingdrawn. Tiie Englishmen have not had a successful trip financially, it being understood that the pro ruoteis (Shrewsbury & Co.) are out of packet by the venture. New South Wales was the only colony in which they drew good atten dances, and there thtir ill lock clung to them, as the weather proved unfavorable. Maurice Read, one of the team, gave it as his opini.n that cricket in this colony, like ro wing, ha?pretty w ell died out; and although the team did not meet with strong support in the sister colony of Victoria it was better than they received here. He is also of opinion that in future English teams visiticg the colonies will not plaj in Adelaide. It mast be borne in mind that the KcgHsh professional* played hers directly after they landed when people could hardly expect them to be in form, and on this last oc cation they come here and start a g.itne which there was no chance of finishing, so chit they could hardly expect strong support, although it might have bten more freely ac coidtd. The public, however, seem deter mined to support nothing but firat-class cricket, and a game with 15 of South Australia with a number of juniors in the team can hardly be called that. The Englishmen left for England by the MassQia on Saturday night. The Efcv. J. G. Wright will deliver a. lecture on "My trip to Tasmania and back" in the Primitive Herbalist Church, Jtorphett-etreet, this evening. 