MOSQUITO GAZETTE. The at. Alban s (Quirindi) Mosquito No. 2 is characteristic. The little affair las a considerable amount of venom in it. The chief object of its attack iB the Church Association. "We are certain that the anonymous writer would gladly consign all the members of the Associa- tion to tweDty years m purgatory. I1 rom this it is evident that the Association in i the district is exciting 'a beneficial influ- ; ence ; and this should encourage the members to persevere in their" efforts. The animus apparent in the tiny pro duction tells its own tale. The ritualistic sham priests assume that they have a right to do whatever they please without being challenged. They bring their mummeries and their fooler ies into the Church, and think that no one has a right to question their proceed ings. Being, as they ignorantly assume, along with the priests of Borne, the appointed channels of grace to the souIb of men. They demand that an intelli gent ProteBtant laity should unhesita tingly and blindly submit to their nos trums. But, they occasionally discover that in such assumptions they have made a profound mistake. The laity will not become the tools of such aliens and in truders, they are not disposed to stand' aside and look quietly on while they see traitors turning their church upside down, and depriving them of that form of wor ship and that teaching to which they have been accustomed from their infancy. The ritualistic sham priests must stand on the common level, and submit themselves and their proceedings to the intelligent crit icism of those around them. Why should they be unchallenged while introducing Popish mummeries and novelties into a Protestant Church ? The honest layman feels indignant at their conduct, and claims the right to express his indignation. He Bees that the proper place for such men is the Church of Borne. They should go to their own party, be re-baptised and there by be made Christians ; be re- ordained and thereby made ministers of the Gospel— or rather priests — according to their, own creed and the creed of the Church with which they wish to enter into union. The Church Association is formed in the interests of the Church. What can the people do but combine in ; the hop6 f being able to- stem the rising tide of corruption and serve the Church to which they belong ? ' They must either do this or acquiesce in what is wrong, and which should not be permit ted ; and they must either do this or for sake the Church, and find a home else where. When the Church has forsaken them — when they have nothing left but the material walls and the ghost of a Protestant Church, it is time for them to do something, either inside or outside the Church so as to save their principles. They do not desire to wake up from a spirit of indifference and find their Church gone and an alien Church in its stead. If they cannot combine, what can they do, or what should they do ? Now, however, that they have combined let them persevere. They should insist on the maintenance of their principles. Having taken up a position, they should cling to it with unbending tenacity. If not, they will find their principles trodden under foot where they should be taught and revered. It is convenient for the ritualist to rave over what he calls leaders of strife and sedition. Pray who are the leaders of strifeand sedition but these very ritualists? By their Bomanism they provoke opposi tion. They begin the strife by their own misconduct. The perpetrator of a wrong — not the man who resists the wrong- is the orignator of strife and contention. And this is the accusation which the Church Association justly brings against these men— namely, tbat by their [Roman ising they are the' promoters of strife and contention. When the cat. walks -in- the mice become quiet. And when' the ritu alist walks in he expects the honest laity to behave themselves like a colony of mice. But he must be taught that men are men and not mice in the presence of the ritualist. The tiny St. Alhan's Mosquito does as much as a mosquito might be expected to do in the way of attacking an enemy. The members of the Church Association are " the enemies of the Church." Of course they are the enemies of intruding ritualists and sham priests who are doing what they can to disfigure and pervert the Church; aDd they are therefore the friendB and not the enemies of the Church. This is the old story of all innovation and promoters of the alien and' the false. The Chui'ch'A sBociation is as eapable of.know;- ing who are, ihe' enemies of the', Church as the St. Alban's writer. The Bifualist professes to . be afriend of the refined and in'deep sympathy with the ffi8thetic. By hiB ' mummeries' he goes in for the .8ublime, as \h'eJterms it. But, like too, many , of this disposi tion, or ' what they call' disposition, the Ritualist becomes shockingly vulgar. It would he nothing for the Association- ists to drop into vulgarity. But wo expect something better from these would-he refined personages who go in for the msthetic. Our mosquito friend, who desires that his nostrils may be gratified with the odour of incense in worship, speaks of something that '" should be thrust down the throat " of everyone who dares to affirm that a Ritualist is a dis honest man Notwithstanding this threat, and the vulgar language ' in which it is uttered, we vent ure to: affirm that there are multitudes of people who ' cannot avoid the conclusion that Ritualists are dishonest men Numbers of . people in the district of Quirindi are of this opinion, so many, indeed, that our friend would need considerable assistance in his efforts to thrust something down their throats. We guarantee him a few weeks' employ ment at this kind of work. It is dishonest, according to the declared law of England, for these men to act as they have done and are doing. What right have they to eat the bread of a Church whose constitu tion has been interpreted against them and . their proceedings by those who are recognised as its interpreters? The whole world will pronounce them honeBt men' when, for the sake of their own prin ciples, such -as they are, they leave a Church whose principles they pervert. " Mobs of 'lawless 'rioters " is another eixpression which cur friend applies to'anti- Romanists, while "the pro-Romanists are the excellent of the 'earth, and possess "all, the stateliness . that 'our heritage, of Catholic truth has" preserved for us."; The heritage of Catholic truth is the truth : found in the Scriptures. ' Wo have yet to learn the " stateliness " found -in the'm'en- ! millinery, incense, beckoning and bow ings, sham priesthood, lighted candles, perversion of the Sacrament, and prayers for the dead, advocated by this episcopal alien, whoever he may he. It is hoped that the "embryo Church Association- ists," to use his own description, will, by their consistency and their firmness, teach him a lesson, and compel him to acknow ledge that they shall never barter their principles for the flummery which he terms "stateliness." Our Orange and Protestant friends should notice and cherish the following attempt at wit, or something less worthy : — " Those who, at a religious service on the great Protestant saint's day, marched in ritualistic procession with brass hand and banners ! ! and yellow stoles ! ! ! in commemoration of the ' piouB and immor tal memory ' of S. William of Orange ! " Aneminentminister was once taken to task by a yery weak-minded young preacher for what was looked upon as not in keep ing with the gravity of his position : "Young man," said the supposed offender, " the difference between us is this : you utter all your nonsense in the pulpit, I take care to utter all mine when out of it." No matter what Orangemen may do .they never profane the sacred, they never pollute worship by any mummeries, they never profess themselves members of a church whose doctrine they trample under their feet, they never efface the word Protestant and put Romanist in its place while members of a Protestant Church. Whatever they are, they are true and honest, and are prepared to stand up in defence of the truth and the liberty which cost many tears and many sorrows, and which the smirking be- mcensed and be- millinered Ritualist would destroy. Note.; — Should our friends pick up a Mosquiio Gazette in any . other', district, we will thank them for a copy. 