SPORTING."" THE TUI1E. Yarrarran View (Moree) race meeting wan Ycgistcred on Saturday. The jockey Fallon was disqualified ou Thurs day by the Gunning Jockey Ciub for 12 mouths. Forbes Town J 'late and J.C. llnndicip must he entered for to-morrow, and ntVthe same time will close tbo Grenfell general entries. Canterbury Park weights are promised to day. JVFr. W. Miller, of Goulburn, won the Trial Stakes, Town Plate and Flying Handicap at Gunning races on Thursday with Coercion, EImo and Trap. The latest scratching.? for Liverpool Jockey Club St. Patrick's JJav races arc : — Recruit, all engagements ; Wanda, Bracelet: aud Jilot for the Thistle Handicap. Mr. Kelso considers that Sir. Scarr has formed too high an estimate of Recruit's ability. There was abnolutelv no betting on the Sydney Cup or Autiwnn'Jtanui. jap on Saturday Right, and business was confined to a few unim portant doubles commencing with Kingsgrove, Volcano, Figtrce and Dagobert, and finishing with' Kelson, Trident and -Abuse. That constant and true inure in her day, The Novice, by Vclvcrton, from The Xuu by Now "Warrior, and dam of Highland Mary, was placed first in the class for blood mares at the Annidale Show. At the same exhibition Go.Rwyck, by Kelpie from Yonug Kniilv. who often carried the colors of the Hon. James White, was awarded the blue riband among the 'blood stallions, another old identity Gloncairn winning second lienors. The New Zealand bred horse Jdalinm, by Tra- dhccr— -Idalia, win also on the ground. The English racehorse Holdfast, by Struan— Bounce, was recently destroyed, it having been found impossible to relieve him of injuries to the muscles of his back. A fancy wager of (<;> to JO was taken a few weeks fr«ck that the Two Thousand Guineas and the Derby would be won by one of the following three — Eulorpri.se, Florentine, aud The Baron. Speaking of Mr. .T. B. ITaggin, the purchaser of Sir Mod red and Darcbm, the New York correspondent of the Fporthttj J./e says : — " This gentleman's name is Tumid In nearly every stake, anu I shall be surprised if lie is not the greatest factor in the racing of f$H7. Mr. Hnggiu's stables are so large that he can well nfford to run them in three i'lfforont sections of the country at one time, say San Francisco, Chicago, and New York. Tie can also have three batches of thoroughbreds in preparation, one for the spring, another for the midsummer meetings, and still another for the fail contests. It was Mr. Haggin who sent a commission to Australia to purchase D.trobin, the antipodean stallion. Many people think that this was a hazardous experiment, but Mr. ilaggiu is a shrewd yuuug man, and has made no great mis takes a3 yet." C. D. Sherman was recently sentenced to "three months' imprisonment at New Zealand for stealing a totaiisator ticket at the Forbury race meeting. Bourke annual races have been fixed to take place on May 4 ami fi. The added money totals upwards of £350, of which 130 and 2:»0 govs, are given to the J.C. aud Central Aus tralian llaudicaps respectively, and entries for both close on April 2, general eutry day being fixture for May 2. Among the starters in the Selling Hack Race .at the Paper Chase Meeting on .Saturday was that once good second-rate performer, Templar, a son of Zetland, hut the old fellow was well proved to have lost his pace, aud although much fancied by his party was unable to run closer 'than an indifferent second in a field of mode rates. The last Kemplon Park (Fag.) Hurdle Han- dicap of 800 sov. was won by Bonnie Lassie, liy Berserker, JOst. 121b., very easily iu a field of eight. Gundagai Clarendon Races are to be held on ibe 11th prox. Snaveller, by Sultan, headed the list as the "best two-vear-oln stallion at the Crookwell Show, and among the blood mures the blue riband was given to Ladylike, by Kingston, while the Yattcndon filly (two and under three \- years) Brunette, by Yattendou, and the cb f Rosebud received first and second honors. Lord Cleveland and Lord Harold were the main exhibits among the coachers at Tenterfiold Show, the former winning the chatnpiou prize. Black Diamond has been awarded the post of honor in the handicaps for the ensuing Corowa jace meeting, his respective allotments for the Corowa Handicap anil Ladies Bracelet being Sst. 101b. and Pat. At last the "fielders" in the sister colony have had a turn, and 'a good one too, the meet ing of the Y.A.T.C. ou 'Saturday bringing with it the downfall of every favorite, and as there were some very short-priced fancies ou hand the result was unmmaljy disastrous to the 'ever- ready punters. -Abuse's defeat uf a fairly good field in the St. Klkla Cup, for which the colony's representative, Pinion, ran second, was a good performance and will tend to bring him into prominence for the Sydney Cup. He is by Slanderer out of Jointress and one of the most constant performers that ever came from the hack country. Au "even money" chance in The Ghost tor the Selling Race had his colors lowered by Maroney, aud tue outsider Whale bone upret the supposed good thing in Good wood for the Hurdics. The short-priced Mar- i mjon went dowu in the Steeplechase before the despised criveet meat, but the greatest surprise of the lot. per/up?, was the upset of Bedouin by Boz, u sun oi Bosworth and Hyputta, in the Federal Stakes. The chapter uf 'asastcrs didn't even end here and the unbroken series cf reverses was carried right through the card, the much- fancied Mitrailleuse tailing to run anywhere near the trout »u the .South Yarra Handicap, which fell to the hi i of Vascosa, a rank out sider. Of Mitrailleuse it may be said that she has already earned the unenviable reputation of being an in-aml out runner. The last keen winter in Eu gland has beeu fatal to many well-known brood mares, among them being Adversity by Adventurer, tke.darn of Chippendale, who died on Jauuary 20. Another old identity in .Sandal, dam of the Lincolnshire Handicap heroine, Footstep, has also gone-the way of all flesh, she having been destroyed owing to infirmity brought ou by ohl age. The Hon. James White has so far during the eeason won upwards of £11,000 in stakes, and there cannot be a doubt but that he will again top the poll in the list of winning owners. The Hon. W. A. Long is credited with ATI W, Mr. Gannon £2SflO ; aud others of this colony well up arc Mr. W. J. Forester \yith £1030 and Mr. D. Cooper £1 Mi». Mr. Felix. Fry or, a well-known English racing man, died rather suddenly early in February. The deceased jockey Archer's effects 'were disposed of in England just before the last mail left and the sale extended over three days, during which no fewer than 810 lots of all descriptions were sold for a total of very ilittlo short of £-1000. The sale of hir. whips caused some excitement, £10 being realised for three of them, among the purchasers being Mr. M. Dawson, and his favorite wnikiug-siickbrotlght tpOs. A picture of Paradox ridden by Archer rvvas knocked down for 50gs.f aud other. relics tverc pictures of St. Situon and (Archer, nags., and Matthe w Dawson on horseback, the latter being secured by Lord Falmouth for KCgs. The .Stewards' Cup, won at Goodwood by Typhoons, vnnd valued at -luogs. was sold for 5Jgs., aud Mr. M. Dawson gave Flags, for an oil painting of several celebrities, and Mrs. Uyati became the possessor of a painting of Barc.ildine, with portraits of 'Archer, Peek ami Hopper, at IPfigs. The following additional subscriptions have been promised towards The Tribune Hunters' Plate : — Mr. H. Kinsela, £1 1.; Mr. J. Nightin gale, £1 Is.; Mr. W. L. Davis, M.I\, £1 Is.: aud Mr. Evan Jones, £1 Is. There will be oiibred for sale at Camperdown yards to-morrow, by Kiss aud Co., a draft of 70 horses from Mr. W. Fisher's station ou the Williams River. They are all by the imported horse Odd Trick, who was a great performer on the English turf, from high-class mares, and as buyers have a guarantee thai the lot will be gold without reserve, something useful and at .a reasonable figure may be purchased. The Terrara bred horse F.D., by Robinson Crusoe — Laura, wou the big handicap at the late Colac mewing, carrying 7st. 1 lib., and beat ing his half-dozen opponents, including Honey Bee, Sst. -lib.. rathe- r ea-ily. Master .Tack, by ' The Diver — Sally Brass, who had previously won the Mah'ieu Pluto, was second with 7st. 81b. It is said that the meeting was an ill- managed oue, aud no discrimination was made by the stewards with respect to bookmakers, defaulters aud wclshers being allowed to ply their calling alongside the most reputable members oi the ring in the paddock. The well- performed Entrlish racehorse Para dox. winner of the Two Thousand Guineas, has gone to the stud. Creamy Jack, who is entered in thHurdle Bace at the Hawkesbmy Autumn Meeting.wou the Ladies Purse and Substitute Handicap, 7st. lllb., at the recent Ulladulla race?. During the hue meeting at Fletnington (says "Augur ") Mr. Wright had several of the cash betters before the stewards for using portman teaus to stand upon, and they were cautioned that a repetition of the oll'once would lead to the withdrawal of their Hocuses One book maker who made use of some strong language was suspended for the remainder of the day. It is rumored that the New Zealand" colt Niagara, half- brother to Trenton, by Auteros, will be brought orer for the Y.R.C. Derby, and if he be as good as Maxim, which he is, accord ing to report, liN opponents will require to look well to their laurels. The N.Z. jockey, Detroit, has added another good win to his credit by steering Shah, 8st., cleverly to victory iu the Mauawatu R. C. Handicap, of 2u0 sovs. "We have received the March number of the Victorian Racing Calendar which, as usual, contains a lot of neatly got-np information for raciug men. The list of racing fixtures is an unusually long one, and to show to what pro portion raciug has grown in the sister colony, no fewer than 95 meetings are granted the necessary registration to race during the current month. Eleven pages are devoted to pro grammes of races tcf come, and the results of the past month's racing also find a place. The latest additions to the register of aisqualifica- 'tions are the names of S. Barnard and G. ponne. The honors in connection with the recent Tumut annual race meeting were about equally divided between Oddstockings and the constant Fisherman marc Sweetheart, the former winning the Cup with Sst. 81b. from Gienvale, fist. 121b., and Sweetheart, 8st. Tlfb., aud the latteT Varried list. 41b. and just beat the first day's' winner with Ust. Jib. for the Thrf Club Handicap. Sundown pulled off both Selling Races, Prudence and Society won the Grand Stand Haudicap and Ladies' Purse between tbeui, and Glenduart, winner of numerous jumping races, appropriated the Hurdle Race easily with 12st. It is hinted that he will shortly trv his hand in the metropolis. Zeno has been scratched for the Hawke3bnry Rowley Mile and Autumn Handicap, and it is rumored that after the Gleu Innea meetiug his owner irftends disposing of bim. if three dead Heats and several other dope finishes be any criterion, then the recent meeting of the Orange Jockey Club was productive of excellent racing as well as beiugjt success iu other respects. We knowof uo previous record of one horse running a dead heat, as First Demon did, for the two big handicaps of a meeting, and in this respect alone the gathering will be one long remembered. D. Lawson cer tainly deserved a better turn after the manner in which he has persevered with the Ilawkes- bury Handicap winner, and the cripple's per formances do great credit to his skill as a trainer. The "dead heater" ou the opening day with the Metropolitan representative was Pearl, but she did not run up to that form ou the second day. aud Beggerwau took her place. The other dead heat was between Cvtric aud NoUic for the Farmers' Handicap, and iu each case the stakes were divided. Beyond First Demon's victories the metropolis failed to score a win ; but as is generally the case the Bathurst contingent appropriated a fair share of the prizes, while Alud gee was also to the fore. The former won among them Public Auction .Stakes with Lindcsfarn, dead heat by Boggorraan with First Demon, and Shorts Han dicap with Merry Duchess, and Little Dick and Granny won the Opening aud Railway handi caps respectively for the Mudgce turfite, Mr. Gunneil. The Sydney settlement or wagers over the V.U.C. Autumn meeting takes place to-day. 