: TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. ! -Pv ASMOBBVS. (" TBeVwellier and tho racing on' Saturday last combiuod. to render matters highly enjoyable to thoso who patroillsed Caulflold. Tho contests proved close and eaoitisg in the majority of instances; reflecting.creditably on Mr. Barnard, who. iiad' the "satisfaction of seeing foui-con- sooutivo - tight -finishes— for tho St. Kilda Cup, Steeplechase, Federal. Stakes and South Yarra Handicap— in each of which sp'mo fanoied favorites wc-ro - mado to bite the dust. Backers experienced a. very rough time of it during the- afternoon-, their troubles beginning, with .the downfall of The Ghost in the initial - event, and were then sustained to the oud ot the day through the medium of such soro disappointments as vero brought about by. the separate defeats of Goodwood, JColiai, Lara, Phaon, . Marmion, Bedouin, Mitrailleuse Approbation and others. Tho veteran Maroney re-appeared in quite bis best form tp'conte3t. tho Selling Race, and ho suc ceeded in ' silencing . a tolerably good team of platers. . Superior form though Goodwood . has recently displayed over both the small and big fences, he proved unequal to conceding 2 st. to V/halo- bohoi who is a wonderfully improved golding, and found himself all at homo over the dis- tancb, tiro miles. Revenge's running was too bad'to be truo, and Ban- handled Marron in a manner which caused tho stewards to request an.', explanation, ' tho siime, however, being deemed .-satisfactory. Approaching tho lost flight _of -hurdles, eha. was fairly reefing her jockey out of tho saddle, and it was her' sub sequent feeble display in the run home which paused tho etoward's to malco inquiries. I closely walohpd.tho wdr'o.ps'sho rounded the bend, and to my mind her oollapso was ns genuine as it was uuexpeptdd. . IdiinediatolJ' her head was loosened. sho began -to swerve, and.sho is evi dently ono' of those animals who has done raoing on ceasing to : pul|. At any rate a minuto observation- of her bohavior on Satur day; is strongly suggostivo of tho supposition, and I shall iook to her future running to corro borate the. same. i Tho St Kilda Cup . furnisbod a vary interest- lug contest. Somo strong support was forth- coming. on bobalf of Kobat and Hara, and Mr. Oxenbam also onuBod a- big oommission- to bo Boated on .behdlf of Phaon. Abiiso was selected as tho most likely of .tho.onteide division, and backed' .accordingly,- .whilo -not .a, few pinned theirfaith to Meteor, who.' looked nw'ch hetter thon fie did' at Fle'mington; : The race through out was run at' a 'Very "fair "pace. '.and o well was . Xesbia sailing . away in .front at the stone wall that St looked inomen- .iarily doubtful . whether , she . would' ; over be overhaolod. Abuse was the first' to taokle lor; but Cracknell was ridtay :the up-country so. vigorously at the home .'turn , that; his collapse appeared imminent on Kohal ohalleng- ing him. The ohestnut, however, responded .with urtfiinclung "gamenPsB, but' he had n'o; sooner stalled off Roherteon's rush than Phaon drsw tip to haVc a concluding say. Cracknoll nev'er.atoppod riding' for an instant, and.the son otSlanderer proving himself a veritable glutton iu .iho matter of enduring . puuisbment,; he oventually: finished 'a« moritorious winner. The veteian light weight' experienced a very rough jtiine. pn . tho victor,, as ho was persist-' Pntly nt him during the last hair 'mile, and his poqnt in this respect contrastod strongly willi the easy victory he achieved on Duulop in the 'same race last.year. - 'Kohai ran a groat horse Vnder, thej'wo.ig&t;, ,ahd Phaon also acquitted himself creditably. All-Gold, on the contrary, was never, oneo dangerous, and Meteor lay too /far out .of ibis ground, during the greater part of the journey to give nim a chance of getting on, terms' with' the loaders. ' It was-a great finish between Sweetmeat and Marmiou in the Steeplechase, and although the, favorite, appeared to have the race in hand at 'one part of the struggle, ho failed to stay so .well as (lie Y.oung.Camdpn gelding, who was turned out in excellent-form by H. Connolly.' ;Boz's defeat "of Bodouiu in the federal .Stakes .was ..something, of ..a surprise to those who regarded .the' issud : very much irf the light o'f .a. foregono' conclusion for "Mr. .Pearaqn'scolt. flft.wa3 only ; in the last stride that Moore brought up Boz and snatched . vic tory outof the fire by a bare head. Had not Rawlinga fiattcrod himself tbat he had the race in hand half way up the straight, it is doubtful 'whether Boz would have, been proclaimed the winner. He certainly seemed to take matters a triilo easy, and there wore not a fow who thought the race was thrown away in conseqaencie. .By - conceding. ,a; -constant performer like Bedouin a pound, Boz' 'has proved hihisolf a good colt, aid -as he is only just getting into form thore is no knowing, to what extent hs may improve. Mr.- :M; O'Shahassy can rest satisfied that lie possesses a colt who promises well to ripen into an eligible Derby candidate. The South Yarra Handicap was instrumental in furnishing a genuine surprise by the victory of Yasoosa, who was entirely ignored in favor of her stable companion, Approbation, Mr. IVhitty made no secret of' hie - partiality for the' last named, and tho rresult is another triumph of public form ove.r private trials; William Tel!- gave another; exemplification., of his prowess by running second with the crushing impost of 9 «'t. 13 lb;, while Straight Shot also rendered an excellent account of.her3eif with 7.st. 11 lb., a big weight for so" small a mare. -. There will, be .vory little of interest to en gage the-'attention of turfites before the advent of .tho antnmn meeting at Randwick, shadows of which are already forthcoming in the form of - the Sydney Cup acceptances and general entries, whioli made their appearance on Wednesday last. Ample time has inter vened lo permit of a thorough digest of Mr. Scarr'g efforts in connection with ;'tho, .great event of the approaching .meeting, and nithough some owners have been heard to freely indulge in the inevitable growl,, the handicap on tho whole has met with a favorable reception. Kelson's owner oould scarcely oxpect to receive a pound less than 9 ot. 12 lb., which is 7 lb. less than the impost awarded Malua for tho same race last year. Horses who have distinguished themselves all through a season to the eamo extent as has Kelson are bad to stop in tho autumn, no matter what may be their weight ; and when we call to mind how Darebin romped home in the Sydney Cup four years ago with 9st. 3 lb., it is by no means difficult to imagine Kelson capabio oi accomplishing a similar feat with 4 lb. more on his back. After Abuse's successful display in tho St. Hilda., Cup. he must' assuredly be looked upon as ono of the most dangerous of tho light weight brigade, auditis askiugKelson to accomplish a hoary task to oonccdo the four-year-old son of Slanderer two and a half stone, albeit ho . oasily onough accomplished the same in the - Aus tralian Cup. But it is plain AbuBa is a much, bettor horso than when ho ran at Flemingten. and now that ho is having tho advantage of bettor training tracks than hs has been accus tomed to up oountry, there is cause to think .that he will develop still further improvement before the Randwick event comes round. For tho present, therefore, I regard Abuse asa very dangerous candidate, and one who will eventually take a deal of beating. . The A.J.C. St. Leger appears a matter of health for TridcntLfor. it is doubtful whether Mr. D. Cooper wlll care to further chase the phantom form. of tho domou who has so unmis takably proved his superiority ovor Blairgowrie and ChcshnmY 'Neither is Mr. \Y. A. long likely to send- Yellow Jacket- in hopeless pur suit of Mr." _ Wliito's " coit',' and as both First Consul, and Monotti- are unequal to tho task, this colony will be ob conspicuously . .unrepresented as in .the late St. Leger decided at Flemington. With Nelson a promised.foe, Trident's task, in' the "weight for ago raoes- will be surrounded with a greater degree of uncertainty.' _ ' ' Tho two-year-old' races to ho decided at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting will be of a still more open character. For tho Sires' Produce Stakes are nominated Lara, Abercorn, Su matra, Yctman, Huntingtower and others, but as thero aro no penalties Mr. White will for this event possess an advantage which will not fall to his lot in the First Foal Stakes, for which event oertain winners are ponalisod. There is quite a host of talent engaged in the last named race, including Maxim, Escutohoon, Abercorn; Aberdoen, Lava, Yctman, Moor- hoaso, Huntingtower, Stamford, &c.; It is to be regretted that Victoria is not represented by oithor Boz or Bedouin in the forogoing ovents. 1 The Oranbourne meeting is always favorably patronised -by. metropolitans,- and I have' no doubt thore will b«.tha.. customary satisfactory attendance this afternoooc -Tho programme is of a fairly attraotivo character, and aa the weights appear to bo nicely adjusted,, the fields-' projpise ;o bo well maintained. . My soleCtions aro as follow: — Hurdle Race; Footman,- Ear- mil, .'Man of Kent. - Gill Stakes : ' Flash of Lightning, Gasaburner, ' Miss Parnell.'-' 'Cran- bourno Handicap : Umborto, Vasco, Achinot. Steeplechase; Sweetmeat, Cliantlius; Magnolia. For tho convenience of intending visitors to Cranboiirne, arrangements have- boon made for a special train to learo Princes-bridge at 10.40 'n.in., calling at Caulfield. At Dandenong oabs ivill be in waiting to convey visitors to the course. The return special traiD will leave Dandenong at 7. 15 p.m. To-day metropolitan race £odrs will-have the choice oi two provincial -trips, Crqnbqurhe and Sunbury. There is .much similarity in the res pective programmes, and both- resorts will doubtless receive satisfactory patronage: t£o: Sunbury meeting will ' he held on. Sir William Clarke's private course, where proceedings will open with the; Maiden Plate, Joi which Barotf Neckar, Dancing Master and Hoop La are 'likely .-place .candidates. If Golden Butterfly is worlh'hfs oats he ought to be able to win the Hurdle Race, and next to him Pride of Oatlands and Achilles read dangerous. For the Sun bury Handicap l.-liks Claptrap, Relieur and E. T). in the order named. Cyclops and Taxa- raxacnin should bo equal to fighting out the Amateur Hurdlo Raco, whilst the Flying Han dicap appears a good thing for Sirocco, and the Selling Race a certainty for Sir Charles, if he starts.'. Backers experienced an exceptionally bad time at Caulfield on Saturday last. To com mence with. The Ghost looked such a good thing- for the Selling Race that even money was freely accepted, and it o'mene'd badly to see him. go down before a moderate performer like. Maroney. Nothing daunted, the local division instituted another lead in favor of Goodwood, only to again finish second, A lot of alable and public money went .on to ICohai and Lara for the St. Kilda Cup, and he pun ters suffered another reverse by the defeat of Marmion in the Steeplechase. Several ad venturous speculators went for a recovery on Bedouin only to got further behind, and when two Btroug tips in Mitrailleuse and Approba tion finally camo to grief tho backors' cup of disappointment was full to overflowing. The ring men achieved a victory all along the line, and thus recovered a portion of the losses sus tained sinco the advent of the new year. The "colors worn 6y Sweetmeat and Nabocklish ,in the Steeplchasb qt Caulfield o'ii.;Saturday last were sp similar that when Naboclcjish came to' grief several onlookers were of. opinion that it was his stable companion who made the mis take. Some of thoso who knew to the contrary profited by their knowledge, and one astute Flemington trainer secured odds of 10 to 1 against Sweetmeat as the last named was racing Marmion neck and neck in', the home stretch. The layer, of course, labored iln'deh the impression that it was. Naboekiish who was causing so much anxiety to the hackers of the favorite. Hales and his good little mare," Beeswing, were the hero and heroine of the two days' racing at Albury. It was a rattling, perform ance on tho part of the daughter of Gondolier to pull off the double event, Albury Cup - and: St. Patrick's Handicap, the victory in each in stance boing welt received by the local sports men, with whom tho Victorian jockey is very papular. Abuse, who ran second to. Beeswing 'in tho Cup, encountered the; mate on 121b. bettor terms on tho second' day, and 'the raco appeared such a good thing for him' that odds on -.wore freely laid. The St. Kilda Cup win ner failed to get nearer than third, however, thus showing marked inconsistency ot running. Tho 2-year-old, . Britannus, after 'easily ap propriating the Mares' Produco Stakes,' behaved so suspiciously in the Two-year-old Handicap on the second day that tho stewards thought fit to inquire into tho cause thereof, with the result that thoy reprimanded the jockey, Max well, but attached no fault to the owuer, Mr. Gougb, who was exonerated from auy blame in the matter. It is such a long time since Eli Jeliett has had a winning turn that general satisfaction was exprosseil at tho votorau's turn. pi luok in -the Kyneton Handicap by the aid of Bosmond, who scored his first victory, and tried to repeat 'the same in the Lauriston Handicap, but failed, his pbaaity, plaoing him at the moroy of Miss Jessie, who thereby avengod her defeat in the more important event. Cracknell had the mount on B.osmond when ho won, hut as the craok light weight would have had to put up a stoue dead weight In tho second raco Bos- inbnd's caretaker, Brown, was substituted. The 4-ycar:old golding Pastoria distinguished himself by winning a oouple of races. Finan cially, the Kyneton; meeting was a groat suc cess. Tlic whole of the. . course has been en closed by an' 8 feet corrugated iron fence, and the tailings at the' gates were, in consequence, largely in excess of. the returns of formor. meet ings. The. olub was fortunate in having tho services of Mi'., Miles, from the V.S.O. office, as weigher. Tho St. Patrick's day gathering at; Eistern- wickPark was, as usual, largely attended, and everything passed off ploasantly. As pre dicted in the country edition of this journal, Lara carried off tho principal event of the day, and his stable companion Success, whom I selected to win tho Shamrock Handicap, only suffered defeat by tho Bhortest of Iioads. This was a fairly. good shot, for tho, doublo. By placing another Hurdle Race to his credit Loporollo is evincing a disposition to become more consistent in his hohavior,,but his ownor did not fancy his ohance on this, occasion and his victory in consequence was a throw in for the ring, who stood badly against Spartan. The steeplechase favorite, Kabocklisb, also paused disappointment, and the winner. turned up in Misfortune. " Stafford's viotory ovor Sorcerer and . The Ghost , showed a reversal of form over Saturday's running at- Caulfield, but the same was quite anticipated by the state of the betting market, which told of Stafford being a prononncod favorite, whereas at Caulfield ho was friendless and forlorn. . Mr.: R. Chirnsido waa in great form at Cam- perdown,- for in addition to Islander successfully performing tho mission I- as signed him in the principal event, the Caihperdown. Cup, the owner of "the cerise-' aud blue livery had the satisfaction of- stoorihg Princess.Alice to victory in the Ladies Bracelet on behalf of his eldest daughter. " All 'admirers of .a" good sportsman1 wert pleased to hear oi the success of Mr. J. Bales in tho Gleu lanes Cup, "with the chesnut colt Emerald, who is by Crown Prince from ithe .famous Chrysolite, dam of Lapidist, Robinsot Crusoe, Onyx, The Gem, Cleolito, Vauc!ueo,;&c.; What a wonderful ;old mare is this daughter o Stockwell and 'Juliet. - Born in I860, .shejhai .thrown, 1.7, foalsr iii all, - her latest winner ;5erald,.S|eihg .the-Jight in her twenty-thira year. ; " ' i , . fo/son; Jeft . FJomington for Randwick on -Thursday, v.Hqjporformed some very satisfac tory-work- befqra'he took his departure, Mr. Oxenham's-tria, Phaon, Faugh-a- Ballaghgand Gipsy's . Warning, have also returned tc Sydney. ' As yet, there, is very little genuine 'business to record.over tfie- Sydney Cup, Nelson being nominal favorite. at 9 to 2. The other quota tions are — 8 to 1 Tom Brown, 10 to 1 .each ArsenaJ and The Jewel, 15 to 1 others.- ,. Mr. Thomas Jordan has disposed of ; the 2 year-old colt Strife, by Wild Eagle- from Rivalry, to Mr. Joseph Thompson, and tin youngster has sinco joined J. Leek'6 team, a Caulfield. , Tho programme of the Easter ., Monday meeting at William.stown comprises a Hurdle Race, of 70sova; .Maiden Plate, of 50' sovs.; Altona Handicap,-, of 100. sovs.; Selling Raoe, o: 100 sovs.; Steeplechase, of .75 sovs, ; ;and-£ea- ford Handicap, of 70 sovs. The' nntries,cIosi on the 4th of April.' , Eleewhore will be found, the weights;fot the Castertou meeting, to- be hold on ,the.29tliand :30lli inst They. are not a very good lot in the Cup, and wore Wairarapa or Fernlea .toMac. the' flag in their, old form one or theQther should win,.;;Both these horses aro also favor ably positioned in the P.acing Ciub Handicap. Ocean or Baliarat will probably be difficult tc dispose of ia the Hurdle Race; aud Promotion or Starfish may prove equally hard to shift in the Steeplechase. Acceptances fall due on the 23rd of March.. . '; The committee of tho Australian! Jockey Olub, at a meeting held. on Monday last; finally disposed of the question of reciprocity: between "the A;J. C: arid Q. T. U, : by passing the following inimit'o : — " That th'o Queensland clubs bbt in formed that' the A. J.C. will adopt disqualifica tions made by either of those clubslor improper practices on the turf only. This club to be in- formeiin all cases oE rbported disqualifications of;theicau6e:. lhereof."...The.cluhs referred to aro the Q.T.G. and; North Queensland IRacing Association, mid tho. A: J.C. wish' it -understood that .disqualifications of'hprscs' for :i-nnniug at unregistered meetings will not be. entertained. In view of the'approacbing iueetihgs ifltKew South Wales affairs are assuming a-" -busy aspeot at Randwick, where the 'daily rdoihgs are "already attracting attention; 4Tueaday'« work is thhs recorded in the Acres Trid'enl cantered and 'moved along at about tbree. quarter pace twice round the inside -traibing track. He looks well after his V;'R.C.i cam paign, but the same cannot be said Of-Ihii stable companion Volcano, who -looks "toe light to continue in work for the Hawkesburj and Randwick future events. Volcano tvai treated to easy- work, which will just'siiit -hlin, Tamarisk appears to have thoroughly' re covered from the kick administered to' diet some time back by Lava, and looks very fr'esb and well. She was treated to twice round, the first turn at a slow and the second sit ani" in creased phoe, pulling up very well. Hexham looks well and did useful work, and the same may be be said of Abercorn, Lava and the other 2-year- olds of the Hon. J. White's string. Kelso had big lengthy string out, the majority of'tbem.doing fast 6-furlong gallops, in which Recruit ex hibited his.usuol turn of speed. T.1 Roberts's string wore ail out. Amongst his kt: is -the speedy, daughter of Glorious and Acrostic- Rebus. - She ba3 been treated to a spelt; -which has benefited her greatly. She is now big ond well, and doing easy work. Harry Riynor sont The Wreck on the inside at a steady, pace, and al60 Ui3 -2-year-olds; while Arsenal -was given twice round: the tan, which was in splen did going order. The first mile and a", half was at a steady pace, but ho rattled over. the '-ro- mainderof the journey. His'stabio companion. The Orphan, looks in good heart, and -put in i very useful mile and a half. The last part oi the journey was travelled ovor in a style which would make ono believe that, with 6 st. 19 lb. on her back in the Hawkesbury Handicap, she will tako a deal of beating. Queen's Own and the others of W. Duggan's string were out doing useful work, and the same may be said of thoss under the care of Alsopp, Phillips, Thompson, Fioldor, Lawsoa, Broman and others." ' Although this colony will have nothing good onough to do battle against Trident And Nelson in the long distance weight for bqill races to bo decided at the A.J.C. meeting,' ws shall .1)6 tolerably represented in the remaining events --by Ringmaster, Kohai, The- Nun, Mozart, Straight Shot, Chioago, Boz and Sumatra, to 6ay nothing of tho chance of s sudden development of form- on the part of such animals as Maroondah, Brauchiopoda Shark, Kitty Fisher aud Loyalist. Mr. T. Lamond has named tho following youngsters: — o by Epigram, out o£ Lilta — Sandy ; o by .Gloucester out of Queonsdale— Perth, and c by Grandmaster out of Mqld of the Hills— Pastmasler. I The winter meeting of tho Bendigo Jock Club is announced to be held on 29th.of June. Bowcs's Taitersall's will hold a raco meetkijj on the Elsteruwick -k course on .Tuesday, 21st June, and not. th June, as proviousl announced by the con. 'ttee.. Fallon, who was recently disqualified lor 13 months by the Gunning Jockey Club, has sig nified bis intention oi appealing to the A.J.O. The New South Wales jockey R. Miluo h;> I taken the place ol the late E. M'G radu in Mr, John Alsopp's stable. . . -:j Arsenal's "poor feet" appear to ljjiv quickly recovered from the gruciliugj M erhioh they were subjected in tho Austra lian Cup, for ho is reported to hare ac- compllshed a good gallop at Randwiak on Tuesday morning. Cardigan h»3 joined J. Mayo's team of horses t Maltland. The Deniliquin Jockey Club have decided to inrite Lord Carrington to their next mooting, and to entertain him during his stay in the town. The committee of Sydney Tattorsall's Club hare deoidod on the programmee for their National Steeplechaso and August raco meet- ings, particulars of which will be announced in a few days. Rufns nnd Sedition hare been withdrawn from all their A. J. C. engagements. Tho Queensland two-year old gelding by Gipsy Cooper from Pearly Jane has been named First Cooper. SThe autumn meeting of the Wyndham Racing Club has been fixed for Saturday, 30th April. jfr. H. Haines, the well known member of the Victorian ring, has left on another trip to the old country. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. report baring sold, on account of Mr. Hugh Rea, to Mr. Darid Archibald, Ejabram, Tatura, for tho sum of 800 guineas, tho recently imported Irish hunter stallion Broad Arrow. Both from his conformation and breeding Broad Arrow i3 well calculated to considerably improve tho breed of hunters, weight carrying hack3 and oarriage pairs. In color he is a lirer colored chestnut, 4 years, by Broad Arrow out of ahnnting mare by Fitz- James, grand dam by Hercules, another \- famous Irish hunter. Robinson Crusoe and Cocoanut, the sire and dam of Trident, will be offered for sale by Messrs. IV. C. Yuille and Co., on 5th of April. Several mares served by Robinson Crusoe will be submitted to the hnmmerat the same time. The opportunity will be a good one to breeders who may require to make additions to . their studs. The American crack, Tremont, must be some thing of a flyer, as from exchanges 1 learn that his owners, the famous Dwyor Brothers, have expressed their willingness to baok him to run six furlongs in 1 min. 12 sec. Tall going this, and sec. faster time than when Nowstead de feated Malua in their memorable raca at Flemington. From England, the death is annonncod of Mr. Felix Fryor, a member of the senior school \- of influential owners, who died suddenly in a railway train when travelling from Waterloo to Esher. To all old turfltes, a well known writer remarks, " Mr. Fryor's 1 Mexican bine jacket ' was almost as much a household word as that of the 'yellow and.blaok' of Merry or the ' cherry and black 1 of Hawley. In hie time Mr. Pryor owned many good horses, the halcyon era being in the latter half of tbe 'sixties,' Friponnier was perhaps the best horse in his possession, and as a 2-year-old (in 1856) the son of Chara- lier d'ludustrie won the Weston and Badminton Stakes at Bath, tbe Findon Stakes at Goodwood, the Bradgate Park Stakes at Doncaster, the Granby Stakes and a couple of minor races at Newmarket, bnt his last per formance was tho b«Bt, This was in tho All- aged Stakes . at the Houghton meeting, Frlponnior easily defeating the winner of the "triple crown," Lord Lyon, and Rustic, : at. weight for age. In 1867, Friponnier had a most brilliant career, winning : no less than 18 races, hia only de- feat boing by Knight of tho Garter tor tbe \- Spring Biennial Stakes on the opening day at Ascot, but the next time tho pair met, in the Stamford St. Legor, Friponnier decisively turned the tables on tho Knight. In the Grand Hake Michael Stakes, Frip had behind him the Derby winner, Hermit, the Oaks victrix, Hippla, and Juliu6, and again defeated Hermit in a vaiuabio Sweepstakes at Newmarket Second October. Friponnior did not run much afterwards, though his defeat . in his celebrated match with Blue Gown is a matter of history, and,, despite bis brilliant performances, was ecarcely a duocess at the etud. The Rako was another good horse belonging to Mr. Pryor, and when . be won tho Middle Park Plate, in 1866, aucb flyers as Achievement and Knight of the Garter were behind him. Previous to the \- Derby won by Hermit, The Rake, who had been the winter favorite, unfortunately broke a blood voasel, and though he started in fourth demand at 9 to 1, he was beaten after passing Tattenham Corner. With Cardinal York Mr. Pryor won the Cesarewitch in 1870, and tbs ; following year tha son of Xewminater finished aeoond to Corisande, when carrying 9 st." Three days were occupied in selling tho fur niture and offocte of tho late Fred. Archer. No fewer , than than 848 lots were sold, realising an aggregate of close upon 414000. It is in tho nature of things, remarks an ex change, that at such a sale, where tho deopest interest would centre round certain objects, those objects would sell for prizes purely senti mental, and that others of a more practical , value would bo knockod down at a surprisingly low figure, hut on tho whole it is considered by those best able to judge that tho sale has been . well balanced. It had not yet been decided whether Falmouth House will be sold. Lord Randolph Churchill has registered his colors as pick, brown sleovos and cap He has named his two-year-old filly by Petrarch out of Katrine — Arqua, and his two-year-old ' filly by Robert tha Deril out of Idun— Volleda, both of which are under the caro of W. Gilbert : ' at Newaaxrket. A fancy wagor of 85 to 40 has been taken that the Two Thousand Guineas aDd The Derby ' will be won by one of a lot of three, they being Enterprise, 'Florentine and Tho Baron. The taker of tho wager has thus six different com- . binations in his favor. \- The Great Kentucky Stakes of £10,000, to ho run in the spring of 1889, and which was to have closed with 300 nominations, only received "175. With tho consent of the nominators already in, a postponement of a month was ' made in order to attain the 300 necessary to IL , 