Telegraphic Intelligence. [FROM ODE TKLKGUAPHIC AGKKTS. ] HORMAJ-TON. UODAIT. One luindred and elrty tons from the Lady Mary prospesting claim at Croydon yielded five ounces and e leven grains t « the ton. A man named Hugh Murray sli it another man called John Campbell in the wrist with a rifle. Both, arc carders on the Croydon road. It was a drunken brawl, each firing at the other. An alligator was seen in the town lagoon which tried to cany away a horse. BRISBANE, Monday. The railway from Stautliorpc t > the Border was opened to-day. There was uo formal cert-m'-nr. It is understood tint an order been accepted by the Lakes Creek Works, through l the Union Me.canUle and Asency Co., for ten thousand -cases of preserved beef, each case to ? contain two dozen G-H>. tins, with the probability ' of a further oMer for five thousand cases, in all over two million lbs. weight. A meeting of the general committee of the Flood Relief Fu> d was held to-day. It was decided to appoint two geutlemen of different localities to bring up a confidential repo<tas to tlie actual losses sustained and the circumstances of tlie v-rious applicin's for relief. The estimated damage in the Logan District alone is over #23,0(10, an i the total amount now received towards the relief fund is £5,536* besides contributions in har-d amounting to several hundreds. The Colonial Secretary made an official visit to St. Helena to-day. The prisoners, who lately manifested a spirit of insubordination? having expressed a desire to lay certain grievous charges before him personally. The beach at Straddbroke is now strewn with wreckage and cargo from the "Scottish Prince," and efforts are being made to save as much cargo as possible, Sub-inspector Wassul taking every precaution to protect the revenue. SiDnr, Sunday. The bicycic test races between amateur and professional riders on Saturday last existed die greatest interest. A Strong west wind pre vented good records, bat the" racing was genuine from start to finish, F. Wood especially performing brilliantly in the three-mile race. The olli'ir starters wero S. James (professional), C. W. Bennett and C. Wood (New South Wales), C. Dwyer (Victoria) ware the ama teurs. Con ? Dwyer was leading in the miiMig of the last lap, when F. Wood made a splendid spurt and left all tSe others as if standings He won easily by thirty yards, the time, being 9miu. 51see_ For the ten miles the same rider started. F. Wo -d had to stop in the ninth lap to screw np the pedal of his machine which caused hiin to lose a good deal of ground. After a splendid contest Bennett won by about 6 inches from C. Wood, the time being 38min 25sec. F. Wood scored 17 points, Bennett 12, C. Wood 11, and Dwyer 10 points. The world's champion thus secured the trophy. The poll.ng on Saturday resulted in the return of the following:-For Hartiy, J. Hur ley, freetrader; for Carcoar, L. Garland and C. E. Jemett.*, both freetraders ; for Hawkes burA, W. Beovmm, freetrader; for Central Cum' eiland, V. Parkes, A. II. McCulliich, and F. Farnel-, freetraders; for Canterbury, 3. TT Cai ml her ?», A- Hutchison, \V. Henson, and W. L- Davies. The freetraders thus secured 11 additional seats making 61 seats out of 74 English cricketcrs continued the match v. Newcastle on Saturday. The Newcastle team .in their first innings getting 133 runs; fol lowed on, and in their second inoiugs thirteen wickets were down for 105 runs. The employees at Hudson Bros*, large works at Granville received notice on Satur day that seven and a-lialf per cent reduction, of their wages will be made. They were allowed until Saturday to decide whether to accept the reduction. It is considered probable that in view of the depressed state of a flairs they will continue their work. Mr. Dally had an attack of apoplexy on I Friday, and was not out of danger on Satur- ' day morning. By the latest information he is { still very ilL A fearfuL tragedy took place at Newcastle, j Chas. Harris, die keeper of a cheap boarding 1 house, while suffering from delirium tremens j on Saturday moraine, threw a lighted kerosene lamp at his wife in bed. The clothes took fire, the woman being so badly burned that she 1 has since died. Harris immediately afterwards cut Lis throat and now lies in a critical condi tion. Parkes visited the Newcastle d:strict on Sa turday, and addressed meetings at Newcastle, Lamhton, Adamston, and WalLsend. He was well received everywhere except at Wallsend,; where he was subject to an extremely hostile demonstration- Fears wcr<! entertained that he would meet with violent treatment. Hie was prevented, by the organised opposition of a large number of excited roughs, from address ing a meeting on tite public reserve and adjour ned to an hotel. Later on Parkes accused { Melville, one of the late mcmb rs of the dif- i trict, of speaking lying reports about liim; and -stated that Melville, although a magistrate, 1 had excited the mob to acts of riot I There is a heavy sea along the coast with a j sfcroug south-west gale. Bain has been foiling stead'ly since Saturday afternoon. Heavy rain is reported from New Bn^ami district and other places. A tertible storm of wind and rain occurred at Grafton on Saturday night, doing consider able damage; another Ooad. is anticipated. MelbockKB, 'Sunday. The Melbourne V^.A.T.C. races at Caulfidd on Saturday were well attended, the weather was excessively hot The following are th» results:-: Selling fiac£-- -Ariel, 1; £addinghon,2; The Ghost, 3. There were thirteen starters, Ariel won eipily by a half length. Oakleigh Stakes.-Surprise, 1^ Master John, 2; Chicago, 3. There were nine starters. Sur prise won by a head, the Bmi* being lmin. eecs. Handicap Hurdle Bace.-Spartan. I; Encore S. Ten starters, Spartan won by a noise, the time bong 3 min. Seecs. , Criterion Stakes.-Albert, 1; tioddon, 2; Bedouin, 3; Willaroo, 4. There mare seven starters, the race was won by a long neck, the time being 1 min. f sees. TTandirap Ste^lednn.-Goodwood, 1 ; Roulette, 4; Sfcudley, 3. There were twelve starters. Goodwood won easily. Time, 5min. 37 sees. Uawkesburn Handicap.-Britisher, 1; King of West, 2; Xiesbia, 3. There were ten starters. Britisher won by three quarter® of I a Length. Time, 2 min. sees. The intercolonial cricket match, Victoria, against South Australia, «u continued on Saturday. South Australia concluded their innings for 170- The Victorians in their second inningg Lad fiye wickete down for 168. Owing to tile intense heat of HUB weather serious results are entertained regarding the water supply of the metropolis and suburbs. At ^reston die service reservoir is emptied, and great inconvenience is the result bom shortness ot supply. Numerous bush fires axe reported from various parts of the colony. Jjate on Friday night, a young man named John King was shot at Sast Melbourne by another youth named Henry Lancaster; both are members of the Volunteer Corps. loncaster fired his rifle point blank at King, who died in a few minutes. The supposed cause is jealousy. 8ince the opening of the Teefculpa diggings several gold swindles have beeQ perpetrated. This week a man naaed Prior sold to a jeweller a manufactured nugget that was deficient ten carats in weight. He was arrested yesterday afternoon, bong just about disposing of similar gold to the English Scottish and Australian Chartered tJank. An unpleasant discovery is reported from Hepburn Estate, a leasehold mine. On the. strength of the results obtained by the Govern ment diamond drill in this ground in 1882 a company started operations by Binldng a shaft, which bottomed on Saturday at a depth of 420 feet; but instead, of finding a quartz reef, as expected, nothing hut sandstone was difi 1 covered. A searching investigation is to be asked for. 