NARRAOOORTE. (From our own Correspondent,) ... - .. .Auguafc24, ins wnairman ot the uounoll, in response to a requisition, has convened a meeting to give an opportunity for protesting againat tha duty of 2s, per cent, which the Government propose to lay o " ' " ------- 1 ? As this}: tedtitin; . , , , . ho ^ood to anyone }n the polony' and very material injury to some, a lar^e and unanimous 1 gathering is looked for, Seeing that we grow muoh more grain than we consume, the duty can do no good to our farmers bv raising the price they will get, as that is fixed by those who buy from us. This being eo we oould afford to laugh at the impost were we differently situated, but looated as we are t^e matter becomes po Hushinp matter. A lavge quantity of wheat finds ita way over the Victorian Bor, der into South Australia every season, and is oonveyed on our railways to Kingston whew it ia shipped to London, When the Tatiara, railway w&n; agitated for, one of the strongest arguments for the construption of the line wm the faot that it would tjap ft wide ***" Viptorian neighbors' uxtA*1**" ' ou_ wm pointed * -.owingcountry. It unen and by many that King* owun was the natural port for all this produce | n ^ayf°rd Government desire to alter that, and compel those farmers who have used our railways to use the Victorian lines to their and our loss. Nor is this all. Muoh of the proiperlty of Kingston has resulted from thlatriMj and numbers of men find employ, nwrt to mmh^hww. Hut if thi &x;\ty ia nob removed, theae and those oapitalista who employ them will be heavy losers, and all I to no purpose, I hear the Kingston people do not intend to give up the ghost without a struggle, and a Btpongnope is entertained that this evil will be' dbviatea by the Government remitting the tax, Many who are entirely opposed to the wheat tax are very pleased that the colony Ib fully oommitted to a proteotive policy j and I can only hope that all the good will result that they aver follows suoh fostering care, I admit that in reference to protection I am like the man who was asked to believe that black was white, I can't, although I am informed that all freetraders will yet see the error of their ways, It atrikea me that all. Freetraders and Protectionists, will soon feel the error of the ways of our Government, But I'll not increase I tne general misfortune by writing fuller on ifreetradev. Protection, A lad named Coles fell from ft horse on Saturday and had his arm broken. Dr< Smith attended to him. A death resulted from scarlatina in the Hospital yesterday, James Leonard and Thomas Harris were each fined £1 and coats at the Narraooorte Police Court on Thursday for removing timber from the reserves without a lioenoe, The anniversary of the Narraooorte Guiding Star Lodge of Good Templars took place in the Institute Hall to-night, The Revs, D, A, Souter (Peoola) and u, N, Mills (Narraooorte} gaye addresses, and a number of musical selections and Bongs were interspersed through out the proceedings, As no charge was made for admittance many found it convenient to attend, The proceedings passed offpleasantly. At the meeting of the Distriot uounoil yes terday the now chronic cow question came up again on all fours, as it were, The Olerk sub mitted a report snowing what were the duties of the Ranger in respect to impounding cattle from the streets of the town. The pounukeeper gent a long letter^ explaining away the sin of having made an erasure charged to him by Mr. Jones, While he did not show that he was an injured innocent altogether, if indeed at all, the Council received his statement j but for the future he will have to obtain a signature for all cattle released from the pound, Then, again, a number of those ratepayers who signed a petition on the cow question, preseated by Mr. 8, D, Mansell, repudiated any knowledge of a letter which was also presented by that gentle man, and which Mr. Mansell stated he had been requested to write by those who now make an opposite statement. It Is all very funny in a sense, but we have had enough of it for a time. Of course, it will come up again -nothing is more certain, At a previous meeting Councillor Smith questioned whether Councillor Ash could re tain his seat as a Councillor seeing that, as ft newspaper proprietor, he received money fot work done for the Council, and thought that the opinion of the Counoil's solioitor should bo obtained on the point. As the matter is one that more Councils than that of Narraooorte are interested in I will give Mr. Vaudrey'a opinion in full i Narracoorte, 22nd August. 1887, Dam Sir,-In reply to yours o! the 18th of August requesting an opinion on the following - " Can a parson doinff work for or supplying goods to the Council without a written contract navirg been entered into be or continue to be a Councillor in the Council so wppliedf" I have very carefully considered the question, and ray opinion la tlint I must answer the question lh thB negative. ClaUso 19 of the Distriot Councils Act of 1876 is very clear on the subject, and as I mist con strue the Aot as it is written the tuterpret&tkn; t put on the clauso is against a Councillor aotlng is mem tloned in the question asked, and In my ophlon ha cannot continue a member of suoh Coungll, Although Mr, Ash's name has been mt for. ward by Councillor Smith, the disqualiniation» if 6uoh it be, will extend to other Oouroillora as much as he, a faot pointed out at the meet ing yesterday. All the Councillors, wifci the exception of Councillor Smith, were indited to differ with the interpretation of the Couicil'a solioitor of the Act, The matter was defirred until the next meeting, Of course, Or, Smith will no doubt feel it nis duty to Bee ths law vindicated in this matter thoroughly, in which case (if Or. Attiwlll's opinion is carried) no one will be left but himBelf and the Olerk, An entertainment in aid of the building fund of the school-room in connection witk the Church of England here was given last night. The principal attraction was the oaitata " Little Red Riding Hood," whioh was well given by a number of Juveniles, Songs and musical selections by adults were also rendired, 