The Rev. ajeotferniJ had inherted a -ni".rtv .The .Ia.ernt. etar ta?raultjtultn te. fact lay before hit,.beside the breaktasn. which he had furfeaditlsi .o .tbae shougat of thist nelpected good fortone.. I wv nuotls meagre or".laa.,, altotIaugh Asr,. Joinder, ai five-an I-lorr., weas still .onlt a curate oi i. atipe.. of £150 per auum., for through th. gre~ter pasl of. bi.. twenty years iu ,u y O ?er he bad.acte on the prnselple thea ti. ..e g.va his Iame to the to)r it wai, s uch as the .could expect. aind No if they calledl Par?l J.enslltr naid' anld 'Iclone,' and pie erred u?onlg to the Vicar, why, that was out his faunt. tHie iheritance consisted in a geed hons* and .eveatl hundre.ds a year, and he eat an,? thuagolt over the atilterenue this w.,uld. madk in his fuure. No more for him ulre u.,,y service, read as pi.- of the da,'t wiorn \--no more viesiing of thrittlea, coneupalilnin, maddling pour, wl?b wlluin he was co,m yletely out of touch-in a word, no tao,. dre eri?= Twesty yrears of drudgery I That wan what nia life amIunted to Not fir him the spirit of love that softens and the high tuougil.e ti. o utti)t utl) t?kes; only thr gruglinge ift of obhlgatory atil. It wa twittent oil his face, iil lines marked .) twealy yetrnt-to, not quite twettity-he hai thouant uoll.rently at lir.t-hut ]oy rurre thani a dozen yeare of discootent and re pill?in. . wal a pity. too, tor tte face w i. on uof great pun.ililtiiei, -latated ove.r lich. dullnae ot the heart thatfails to uee throiugh the eervice the ?.asate .? n Is .erv?u. 'vein Ilow he harit ,I, regret our the kind old friend who had left him a goodly naryr of hie priptrrty ; ,no toulgt t\ies thle lalll -hiln hail ever been reaijy to help ,nim alid many another was helpleag nlow hencefortir : on .eplrlt of uraittuda for hs lee ..t uovin gKlt-uonly a elhei, pleauasre in hia owel gd suck, nd a laeelgr nrl dl.cnllernt tllnt it hail beetl so long tit Cloainrg. Antd thus thinkliiig he roes and went to ?ee hia Vicar to ltakL arrangements hr the vielt to hin lawyer. whichu rsot precede his taking ponseseiot, of his new inherliance. He found no lhfficnlly in obtaining leave ol ahsence for the puriro.*. 'I no Vicar was a kinldand open?hearrtd tmat, and pleased at file curate'" uIlexuected prosierity. ' Well, .Tleiilr,' the Mail, ' aru very glad for son, thiiglllih yiou caln't appreciate it aB incts an if otu hald it wife and faoilr de pending on yl. All hbe sname, you have im) hearty coil0ratulatons.' AAh,' ened hr. J.surfer, 'things generally cnle too late. Now, if this hall Ilhapptrneil when I was ten year vo?itliger, what it dtltfer ence it wiild have tllfran to ne !' ' IBt iour frielndl' life wae a very velnehle one to nlmany, was it Iot?' aidl thl Vicar ' Pr.-rn llg I have heard of him, I ounlld thigk ihat evenC now there will he phtllty 1t peoule to nay that rtnt ult han come tell yearn Ot)o soon, rather than tio late.' ' Why, he was tnearly ninetry I' said Jenifer, as It the tact were rather a reproach to the old man. 'I'hbti he hantersed away to make his prieasratione for letaving. T'e Vicar's wite cattle Ias nte the nratl went out. Sne lfondl her hlluehad guztIIK rather sadly Into the dull street. SMary, my dear,' Ii rair, ' it in my helief that atter the imiracles (if the Inaven llind linee. there were .ome among the :.iO whol complair.;el that the hreand w,. etnale and the fish not no fremn an It might Ihave b)een.' Meanwhile Clement JPnifer wan speedling on ro Lonlonn tol see hin itwyer, le fouin.l nere wasrg one connitin 'wnhch lie tnlll? fIultil tmefore he couald call hnn.elf master ,of hotle and income. Mr. Liarre hand only willoed Wnterdell ffnll ti, nim i.Ielrr the prtvien teatr he should pase one night in the houle entirely alone. Mr. Jenifer laughed when this clanne was read to him. 'That's not a very hardl thing to do,' sald lhe. 'dot wee Mr. Du cre's brain eofternng when he mniale his will Y' ' Not as all,' anowered the lawyer, shortly. 'Anyone whon sw Mr. Deare in hie lset hoars will tell you that the dear old man's ttilitl wrs as clear rn the end as in his hert. ItllyH 'When yon go to Watterdell, yon will not plonie your poor neighhiourr there if you tuggest to( tiem that the man who wan so onlversalle beloved and revered was crazy. I have no douht thie letter, which he Inetructed me to deliver to you personally, will explain the matter,' .Thin wes, however, not the case. The note was hot a short olne, and gave no re?aon for the testator'e wish, except that he had in. berited Waterdell Hall tinder the same anspulation, that he had ever been thanktal for having carried it out, and hoped that, though his friend Clemens .enifer wan older than be himselt had heen when lie came into the property (' for,' he wrote, with a touch of his ordinary humour, 'I have heen, like Charles 11., an unconecionable time a-dying'), yet that soalitary night panmed in hit future home would prove as great a hlessing to him as it had Ieen to the writer, and en, withtqt Inrrher expnliantion, slguned hnmtelf hit affectionate ren.t, "1'honmai Darer. That was all. Clemerit jenrter never liked being made ridlrnnlise, alid he thnought that this will wentt veiy tear that pinabihllity. Yet he could oint lone hims inheritatnce for tear of being ahenrd, sn, after certain hntinea, instlrocionn from the lawyer, he went to hi hotel for that night, and next morning started for Waterdlell. Re put uop at it little Inn in the nearest market town hefore pro. ceeding to hil destination, where, the lawyer had informed him, he wnnld find all thineg in readiness to receive him for hin Innely vigil, If vigil it. was to he. The Inn was full of the farmers of the neighhonrhnod eome in to the market, and, after monh diecnlrre on grain and urnoips. the cnnveratinn, MIr. Jenlfer fotndl-he heing, of conire unknown \--turned on the death of Mr. Da're. 'They do sty,' enit one red-faced, rryv. whiskered man of rwhrtential appetranlce ' they do eary that the ghost hqa begun to walk again since the Squire's death.' SWVhat rhost.!' naked a yonn?er man with an increditlou' laugh, ' I never heard of a Rhnst at Wnterdell.' ' No, you mayn't,' RaId the first man ' hut I've heard tell from my father, times upon times, that before Squire Dacre come here there were a power ef queer rhinrc teen and heard at Wnterdell ; and they say that einct he's dead they become hark.' 'They say; who says?' asked a thin, weacel. faced. farmer. 'Well, m, man Marvel for one; he went across by the spinney last night, where he has been almost every evening there thirty year, and .he sweare that he saw 'omeone walking up and down the long path, and heard eome awfn noieea' ' Ab !' said the thin man, with a grunt, SMarvel alwar were a liar.' 'LIar or no' lIar,' eald the fat former rather angrily. ' my father saw the ghost himself sixty fears ag'; cften and often he has told me of it; a?ld I believe the old Squire knew of it too, for he never laughed or sI, ted as some fools db(witb tba'gnlficant eniff) wheri 'flk talked of ghosts.' Aqid so the telk drified on to other mat. teh1 and Mr. Jenifer was left to contem late'naother element of absardity intro * !ied Into his' well arranged commonplace exlie·nce, and felt qalte angry at the thought that he of all men should, by the irony of fate, be bLbughtgntob a ghost etory. Buat ad hebad never had believed in ghosts, hedid aatpdetn to hein now; and after inquiring hls vyy'to Waterdell Hall .he found that li4 must etart at once if he wished tq 6bwhat dull lk, whca led him at last Ia lng, a .narrow,,road. ending in sn abnipt adegieh. 'The' high hedge on either aids hbid lost their summer beuty without yet gauinng the glory of autumn: the few rosee berriee were qii~cT?-oobiong and withered and tridted .with' a Wihltish blight, and threir leavs habg shivering on the twIgs, while in the flde beyond tbe evening mdete were 'alridy rirlng. The road turned sharoly to th6 right, aud them Waterdell Hall lay before I' fettrs owner. ., a cheerful.eye it might have seemed n'ptllng ip a bower of greenery; but Jenifer, oiitof tune with thlnge ln giietal and tired with his walk,' saw in ite withdrawal from theb high road a gauilty seclusion from oblervatlon.. Four tall, Wellingtonia roase d6gk and sotemn above the little wicket gate fi'd cast ' gloom oeer the gadten paitch, in rhIch eome late geraniums and petunias oep.ly served ?r their touches of brilliant colour O accentuate the general melancholy. The Sooste itaelf,Inostead of boldly looking forth 41h thb paserem y, turned its face away Trom' .the.road. and had no prospect but -the little bit of garden and the four sentinel trees. T~e door stlod open and Mr. Jenifer •tered a narrow paeaged whereo to welcoming footsteps came to meet his ohwn,' only a 11kilolnn creeper, torn by tbe rind. lapped en the poch'; otherwise all was still. Mr JTdMIfer looked around him for a moment and ,than wnbt thbroegh the Silent' hboe to the ?ibf slitingroom. It was neither large nor libahut it had that individual charm which duly age and years of OCcepation can give. " The old.fahbioned: mantel reached, 'with its dark, rich carvings, to the ceiling. acr:os which was a massiro oaken beam, neatly black with ago. The Are-place. with Its glaring logs, gave out a rlqtirriee of the ptndow oppoelte, over Whlch -,una carved stroll. whose islsri?ilon there ~ri. ntc ligllt't tunlgh to reart. Mr. Jeniler beathed a ri?hbt relief at the conitortal)e appearanoe here, in contrast fo the depreesiou aapect of tn. r at tl ,ie houie e hillt instead of dettoling hitpetl (ase he felt tt.?mpted to do,) by the lire, he agaie wetc out to look over the eurroul ps,llg prop.ri,. ellhlt,l the ground rose abruptly, itd wtse ioundlled h a closely graulllKg cotipice, through wu.ich a narrow path ieemedu to strike in the directint of the vitiite. The parcon chained the hill,leaving tt-. l:,poite otn tis left, and standing on the high"e.t prrnrtt ot the tmeadow, ltioked across the low hedge at the last oaenitt or the oun aot. Solme *tm treee were tllhotnetted us ains the sky, athwart which lay hire of roth flane. teuder anld evanescentl. One ioontent the dying light leaped up brighter and throbbed ntroiur all the burr?iol heaven,. and then euddenly it died away, and the day doiie. Jenifer turntet and looked at the hall. Aready It .nerened to he lowig itself ite toe ,larktera which gathered around it, hlifing in the re.:,enee ot the ahlee, drawinl curtain, of twist over the tw(sted cljimnelyr. The tldeuce, entire attd ahbolitle, otrck altmitt with opprei.eloun on rui til of chip nlit, accustomed to city noiese; hilt evenl at he tenougtt to him.olt. ' flow .till it all td,' there wouniiied it, tile aoptplce close ihrinl himn Itig, n?bbing, Imanl g llllll :r.ry wai itc rose and .IIl, Iuid o)lo agCell, itd then ceasetd. Clemlent .letllt-r was not a particularly telltler-.earted or cr,.tipeionate man, bnt, teat la tltdt try tilled him with a vaguet faet oft t,iec crut?l deed jolt perpetriated I ?,m., awful mystery to bie brought, to light; ctid alter a noluicet'e hesitationl lie turlned ill Sthe dllrection whenIce it hail seemed to cotle. id oil fountl himself on it long path, withl a Sthlck aew hedle on either tide. Par ihead, in tie dhi tilllghc, he cioul descry a tigure walkng eln-I away from him; he could nrar a nimoanlllg uound, as ot sumse one int ptit. M. n, .lentier lhastened his pace inorder to come up with the luffirr, iald as he gained on him arid cnld pee bitl more die. liuctly, it aeiotcil to hlln thBit thltere wt ionic. thlulti ltamilar in thte Katt llrd ieaeriulgot the tnklllow. Awll ac he thought o the hfigure Iurinei, and fattlln him, iatvanced with slow, Sutitcertaill ltotlitepo, wrllflltg his hands at he came. Wnat was it rtha struck Mr. I.enifer as to well known to hi nt? Wnat was it that tilled htn with sudden horror, lld eenit the blood tebark to hi.teart ? All the tales oif ehoes' and hutinthig noises at which he hed rcottedl )o lately recurredl to flas m ulit, atit yet there waUt nothiong unearthly IU the Iaovert ,of any man who was approach' tilg himn. Aind now they two stood face to Ilce, enll C.trolettn Jenifer saw that this-he knew not what t, call it-bore the face wrllch he hilnielf had borne twenty years a ev, and he knew-thouhh how hecoutld riot tell--thus he was standlllg face to face with the ghost Iof hit own detoa Oet. h'l'en nlltued a converatiort-etrange, an. natural-bhtweeP r three two, who itill were .aue ; not walether the wordt, were uttered on the velitng air or whether the knowledge of what was In the mind tf each was mulnal to Sboth, it were hard tli aoy. ' Why do I haunt you !' said this double of himnet, gazing on hlnt with reproachful f eyes ' I) not ntmurdered victinms haunt their slayers, and have not you murdered that wnac:h was the beet pert of ite ? WVhere are the promises of your young days ? Where iare Ihi atprltlioni, the upeirea after at higher tile, the noble purltpot with wthich my soul wna filled ? I)etd-dlead and buried beneath a crust of selfihloneR " . Yonthlul tolli~i,' anmwered Jenifer:' gone the way it till iuch earlv fancies. Why do you pereecuto Itie ? Hlave v stolen, or mI urdered, or livedl uncle?tnly 7 Have I not Skept rro y work and doine it thoroughly, die. Staeteful, as it is "' ' IIt to true,' paid the other, ' the command. melnt yolu have riot hroken ; hilt where are thle helrt. yout htave helped to hind p? Hflow niony have you helped by your example? Itu lter, H iave you rlOC by daily carnletenese, by dryneiti of eptrir, by perfunctory per. formaetie of your iduty. rllnlnchrd the light that was, aye, (lid knlow it war , in tele? Alnd .in doing so youll have woundefl many another. 'rtiere atm tirnners who slay the body, bhut yon have slain your own sotil; and woe he to himn of whomtt thin can be said.' ' Janifer langned in Reorn. 'When I wo* what you are all this would hhad its terrorsor r me; now I am not to he " frightened with ftlte fire." I know what rtn atre, who think to ecare me thus-an itilmito of the brain, a dlturtbnce in the nrervntes Pyrem. Come daylight, and this will hene if it hanl never been.' lint the other with the ie'd and youthful eyes looked at hitr irn nrrow, and said : 'Even in your blindness you speak the truth ; for wo.n you were on I ant, ere the world had dimmed your eight, you would have seeti thi precipice on which you etand. On, brother of me, thonh how degraded I give ulp your ilreamr of a Relfish future ; turn balck while yet you may ; atte the wealth that has come to ynou, tloit for yourself only, hut for others,. Itdeem the time that is left to aoi, andti bring to a happier second Life the promisee, the aspirations of your youth.' Iliegone!' said Jeniter. 'Tf not an illuei n, themt you are an aiccomplice in some con eptracy 'o betray me into a rash vow. Did Yon attid the old mant who is in his grave plan it hertween youl, and laugh to think how you would ecarm your foolish dupe? Away from we ! and do not hope to work your will. I have inherited, and I will enjoy !' Nay, then,' said hi dloalte, ' see to what an end ycur en j'yment shall bring you. 1, hoem you hav, deitrnyed, nm what you were; ePe now what you shall he ' Then for one awful moment the pnreon knew that not ornly he himself stood tbqre with the spirit of his once pure and earnest. hearted youth hbeide him, hot a third and drealdful shapte-himRIlf at he ehonid he,. if no hand of grace stayed his downward course. lie IIhttnti titi h llah of awakened perception lhnioed hitm his own old age. where that which he had cIlIled economy had grown to avarice, where cailloutneaP had hecome cruelty \--discintent, envy-careleasneee, impiety. lie naw himself, degrqded, mean, despicable, had, withont nffectione, without tenderness, without hope. and as the horror of it swept over him with re.istlecP force, Clement S.Tenifer-the icy crnat of yeare of life, for self. bhroken at last-fell upon hbs face, with the neonieed cry of the Apostle of old, 'Who hatll deliver me from the body of this derth ?' tWhen he came to himself he was in the quaint old tittingroom in his new hone. I The fire had burned low and only dimly Silluminated the room, but as he gazed into I the clowingert here a hitherto unkindled log hroke into flame, and ao it leaped and fllckered the scroll which he had bforo ro-e merted ntid failed to decipher caught and threw heck the yellow light, and DIr. Jenlier red in lettere of gold the poet's worde: Nor deem the Irretocchre viet Al wholly winted. ohnlly valn, Ifrrlnlr nI It wretck, at lIst to iomlhtlng nobler re attloa. Tie tank ont hin neen. and there in cot"tri. tioU of tpirit and ertiulish of eol dedIcated anew to hie Maker the years that should be granted to him, the wealth that he had in. herited.--himself, body, eouland spirit, for People saold afterwards that sroeperity had heen good for Mr. Jenifer; that It had made him softer, mone compaessionhte, more tender. ie Molne knew that the vislon he had seen had come otly just In time to save him frdm that Otter ruin of soul to which he was tend. tog; and when he thought, at many a time he did, of that awful night, he bowed his bend in contritehumiltyd, and gave thunke for the warning that had been sent him. 'Temple Bar,t' 