©arts and 6uds. Ghost scare at Craddock. A new &mth; Australia loan. One month for beating a dram. Stratbalbyn Races next Tuesday. The Salvation Army in ? rouble again. The hero of Khartoum is said to be still alive. 550 lives lost in the hurricane at Western Australia. , Bishop Reynolds has been created an Archbishop. _ Sir Jonn W. Downer will sail from Eng land to-morrow. Miss Edith O'Gorman ' The Escaped Nun' is lecturing in Adelaide. The young burglar M ajoram was commit ted f«r trial here last Friday. Port Augusta is to be the centre of a new Roman Catholic-Bishopric. Kumored that Air. Parnell intends retiring aa leader of the Irfeh party. A canal la to oe constructed cuxuugu *uc interior of New 8outh Wales. Clarke woo the six days' bicycle contest In Melbourne ; distance ; 780 miles. Land in Collins-street, Melbourne, sold on Thursday last for £1,000 per foor. The Kingston dr linage wjrks will be completed ibis week. More unemployed ! Marjoram committed for trial iu Adelaide on Monday ou five other charges. Tbe Right Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, has left England for Australia. Mr. H. E. Downer, junior member for Encounter Bay was ' sociatled' at Middleton last Friday night. Lf Robin Ho-td. a hero has bsen held for prigging and for stealing, How can the court convict the present pad, And be so destUttute of proper feeling Aa to maintain a legal difference good Twixt stealing/rom and by the- Robin Hood Tims after all is one grand te«r. Wolfe's Sehnapps has been thirty five years before the public. A correspondent of the latest issue of tna London Academy alleges that General Gordon ia still alive. He states that the foldier shot down when the rebels entered Khartoum bore a striking resemblance to Gordon. The famous veteran, it is added, is a prisoaer among the Arabs in the desert. Wolfe's Schnapps stands alone without a rival elixir in the catalogue of magaiflcant Conies. - - ' - tfouth Australia spent bstween £10,000 and £ l2,r00 to be rej-re*ented: »* the Indian, and Colonial Exhibition. Not a bad spec. Th« sum of £1 .863 375 bas , been spent on : the WPrbspect Water ?;W©rkk H.S.W., and- farther aum.ofXl56.746 is required to finish rbeo^ ' !'-??'' i Mr. Ebc-newr Ward ia the Insolvin^t Court has obtained- *? *ecbn«claai. certificate sus pended -tot -'one year cabjeet toj a point reserved. ?? ' ??* ?' ?-???» ;. \ ? . The .Governor, has, -received a -Jafmmuni- utiA^ from Admiral Fairfax accenting his lfccellency's invitation to attend the opening at the Jubftfe Exhibition and .stating that ha wUlbe*t Adelaide !in H.M.S. Nelson at the time ol the opening ceremony. ? Tht- Queen has eigulflod her intention of being present at the great renew- to be. tieli at Alderahot to celebrate net Junilee, which it is now understood will be be-d on July S. . From calculations prepared at the War Office it is estimated that the number of troops to be put forward upon, the occasion will be about 70,000 of all branches of the military wrvice— Re^ulais, Militia, Yeonaanary and Volunteers. We recuimneiM Wolfe's Schnapps to our reaJers »? an unequalled beve-aue. Five Rauian vessel* are proceeding to the Bait -: and the Pai-ifls to strengthen the Russian fleets la those se». C. W. Bennett has accepted Gen DwyerV challenge to ride a aeries nf bicycle test races in Victoria, one, three, five, and ten miles far a trophy. At a Cabinet meetting held In Adelaide on Monday it waa decided to pay £1,000 to Mr. Braiy the discoverer of the Teetolpa Gold fields. Tbe number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea during tbe wettk ending Saturday, April 30th, was 236. the number leaving by similar means being 217. Loss 11 1 The vachting «eaaon of the South Aus tralian Yacht Club was brought to a close last Saturday. Captain Webber of tbe Salva'ion Army was fined 6* and £1 costs in Adelaide on Saturday for making a noise near tbe York Hotel, on April 27ch. Dr W. A S. Blue of dtrathalbyn was on the bench. The clearing up of the New Era Mine last Saturday resulted in 192 oz of gold being obtained. The following new bishoprics have been created in Australia: — Grafton, Wilctnnia, stele, Port Augusta, and Chiistchurch. Ticarites have bees established at Ktmberler, Fji, and Melanesia, the latter comprises New Guinea. Ecclesiastical provinces have be-n created in Brisbane, Adelaide, and New Zealand, with an arch-bishopric at Welling ton. If you valae your name do not put it in jeopardy by selling counterfeits of Wolfe's Schnapps Wolfe's Schnapps — a medicine for body and minds — a time honored preparation. Professor Ives bas been entrusted with the musical arrangement* for tha opening cere* mony of the Jubilee Exhibition. Mr. A. von D -a«sa has decided to carry on hia appeal in the Onkaparinga test case. *l*Lm« *k«k«rik^l wa*«1l v\BMk«kt« It a fttckaiwiJ in vho K. lie t»£f£n,«BjL mu i^ftvvnwij arc uwauw a-a« «**%. Adelaide Local Court in a week or two. The fallowing are tke results of the Kapanda Races held last week.— Light Stakes, Comet ; Hurdles, Banker ; Kapanda Handicap, Nicholas ; Town Plate, Perhaps ; Consolation Stakes, Arrow ; the Hack Bace which was won by Orator wound up the meeting. At the trial of the defendants in the case of the O'Gorman riots at Grafton on Tuesday the jury returned a verdict of guilty against all the defendants except fonr, namely. T. Sex-on, K«lly, Finn, and Maboney. Jno. Sexton was sentenced to pay £50, and Mc Namara, Holland, Gallagher, Fitzgerald, Hogan, Basset, D. Mahoney, and M. Mahoaey were each fined £-10. G. MorrisBey was sentenced to three months', and J. Mo Guire to two months' imprisonment, without the option of a fine. All fines imposed were naid st nnw. Wolfe's Schnapps is held in high esteem by medical men, and it h tbe purest stimul ant and tonic in the wtrld. Mr. Gladstone speaking with reference to the redaction of the national debt of £11.000000 aa proposed in Mr. Ooschen's budget, declares tke method of repayment to be unsound. In speaking on tbe condition of the tniut tary forces at the disposal of the Govern ment of Great Britiau in case of the out break of any Earopean war. General the Right Hon. Viscount Wolseley, K-B,G.C.BM has expressed confidence in their strength. The following are tae winners of the Wyndbam Races (Victor!*) held last Satur day :— Flying Handicap, Prattler; Hurdle Race. Bendieo ; Manbourne Handicap, Romanoff; Setting Stakes. Snip; Shire Handicap, Romanoff; and the .District, Plate, LightsUp. _ A Frome elector writes to the Terowie Enterprise and explains that Mr. Copley's rejection was owing to his action in raising the dog tax because the Gladstone Farmers' Association wanted it. ,,_,...,., The steamer Palmerston left Port Adelaide on Thursday on her first voyage since her recent accident. Captain Richardson is in command, and she is bound for Launceston : via Ports Victoria and Minlaeowie. . There died recently, in the Indian Terri tory of the United States, a venerable lady, widely known and respected iu the West under the name of ' Grandmother King.' She had attained the age ox ii» The latest big gun completed at Woolwicn ircurs a cost of £100 for each charge of am munition, _ Tbe individuals who recently attempted to blow up the Caar are on their trial at St. 'some^towaways in the Iberia had rather a rough experience. They were set to work, and were bundled ashore at Deigo Garcia to be returned by the first steamer to Australia. Mr J W. Jon;*, Conservator- of Water, is to commence the woik of valuing improve ments on the 1888 leases The Government considered him eminently qualified for tbe duties. A wager to eat 60 eggs in 60 minutes was reoentlv won by a negro at Louisville. U.S.A. He cooked the eggs himself, and ate 27 in the first six minntea. The remaining 33 disap peared more slowly, butall had «»-*'**: fore the hour expired. When he had f™bf the champion could hardly speak, and bad to be helped to his feet. . Agitation now for protection in Sydney. Imperial Conference delegates to be ban qO45t) lives and 40 feats lost at the W. A* pearling station. . Typhoid fever greatly en the increase throughout Victoris. The Taamanian yield for last year averaged 16-93 bushels per acre. .it ? l. _* .V,. . CvUhiiinn ia in a V6TV for ward state. Unpacking exhibits is now the order of tbe day. „.„,!. The use of the Seotn Church, Melbourne, was refused for a marriage ceremony on Monday, because a cbampiou of the Bev. Ubas. Strong had been asked to officiate. Oh for the raritv of Christian charity 1 13,000 children expected to take part in -he Jubilee Celebration in Adelaide ou Jane 20 Dinner to the Poor in Adelaide on June 20 Prufessar Ires has charge of musical matters in oonuectwn with the Exhibition. A jury was su-nmoned in Adelaide for this week instead of for next week. Blunder of a°M*tiogM Bulli Belief fund and Jubilee Celebration at Sttatbalb/n on Saturday ^The Hon W. Buik and Mr. K. T. Moort? both of Adelaide, have submitted propossls for lease of «hs entire tramway system ot Sydney and suburbs. The i ? escaped oun' is drawing tremendous houses in Adelaide. 'At the meeting for ??ladies only,' when the » secret mysteries ot the onfessional' were dealt with hundreds were unable to gain admission. It must pay well to be ' an escaped nun.' Kasper Modystaek, farmer, of Hill River, met with his death while returning from a funeral at Seven Hills. Home bolted and the vehicle capsfced. Modystack was killed instantaneously. A very sad accident occurred at Claraville near Mt. Gambier on Saturday morning, by which Mr. D. Virgo lost bb life. Mr. and '?Mrs 'Virgo were thrown out out of a trap, .Mr.frnm receiviae -a fatal bjow on the head, and his wife; being wy iaenousljr. injured. Mr., Virgo expire* after Mie lapse of a few hours Mrs. Virga i. still in the hospital, and' lies in. a precarious condition.' Lately, while an auctioneer was, holding forth, upon the merits ot a piece of «loth, one of tbe company expressed a derfrei to have the piece measured, and to his request be of the hammer replied j« Ladies aod gentlemen, I trust you will excuse me in this matter, as my yardstick has been mislaid to-night.' At this pout, however, an elderly matron was heard to remark to a -friend » 'The man might use bis tongue Instead.' f It waa a Chicago lawyer who, in his capa city as Justice of Peace, was cdled upon to marry a couple ia bas'e. Absent-mindedly he began with the groom : 'You tto solemnly swear that you will faithfully perform all the duties devolving noon you as hothaud of this woaan during your t«rm ot office, anl un il y«-iir successor shall be Ichpsen and qnaliflei in y«ur stead/1 Then [be remem bered himself, and began again after the mkoa .r appropria e to tne occasion. 