Naturalist Notes, Night Prowlers in the British. ?' v" . Isles. ALMOST all the native animals of prey hunt by night. The wild cat in particular does so. It haunts the sides of rivers and lochs in hope of a meal on some disabled fowl or fish, we have seen its tracks next morning in such localities as the sandbanks of Loch Craigie in Sutherland. Even in this large county the wild cat is not a very common animal. Game preservers almost universally set a price upon its head, as it is a most destructive creature. The badger, again, the last surviving member among us of the bear family, is almost wholly a nocturnal animal. Roots and succulent stems form the staple of its food, although it cannot be absolved trorn a fondness for eggs. Frogs, insects, and honey are also much to its mind. Mr. A. Ellis, who has carefully studied badgers, writes that they caress each other in the same grotesque manner as the bear, while while they gambol and play, and at times they utter a cry so loud as to startle anyone ignorant of its source. It is not unlike the chatter of the stoat, but many times loudpr. On fine evenings we can watch them dress their fur-like coats, or do kind offices for each other, and search for parasites after the manner of monkeys. No creature is more cleanly in its habits. Over their earth hangs a birch tree, from which grows a horizontal bough IS inches from the ground. On this they scrape their feet in dirty weather." Xoxes and badgers dwell together in amity. Indeed, foxhunters like to have badgers in their covert, as they make earths for what is reputed the nobler animal. Badgers are not much seen, being very timid, and ought to bo always protected", partly from their singular habits, partly from their harnlessness. Luckily its own nocturnal habits protect tho badger from persecution. Gilbert White was an enthusiastic and trust worthy observer of Nature, but he was not fond of rambling by night. ?He might indeed 44 fling a ballad to the moon*' from the inside of "his window, but to thread the wet fields during the dark held out no inducement to his home-loving nature. Wc can fancy hiui night after night writing those admirable letters to 33{*rrington or Pennant, or copying out his diurnal observations upon the hirundiuidce, his favourite family of birds, iij th^t ljttfe pfymjber which is still shown to the pilgrim at Selborne; but he would have dreaded ttye dark vapours and been unwilling to break in upon his set tled hours of repose had a brother naturalist ii^vftefl him to a nocturnal walk. How dif ferent v$s jt wjtfy Edward, tho Scotch naturalist { ftpeafeUy frortj opening summer to the ond of August, was his best time lor observation, ifany were the crea tures and their singular habits with which he thus made- acquaintance. During that Sombre time," says Mr. Smiles, " when not jjsJeep, ho spWonv failed * to hear the sounds or voices, ncqr qr ft of weight- wan derers prpwling j}l)Qijt. Ip thp cpur&c; of a few yejjrg 1}Q learnt \o nl) tfye beasts and birds of the district- frequented by ly m .. Ifo knew tho former by their noises qpd gi'ccthjgst.ai}d the latter by the sound of their wings when flying. Although he contrived to make him self acquainted with objects of many of these midnight ones =UT)d noises, others cost him a great uc.^l qf tlirjo and labour as well as some dexterous mangauvriig.1' Tho jwitsl of Jjis ejperiejjces is very etrik* in?. In them the doggedness of the man -who is determined to acquire knowledge is conspi cuous. He found that night-wanderers were invariably more numerous during the earlier part of the year, and soon learnt to discriminate between the bark of the red deer as it wandered at nighty and the bleak-bleak of the hare while feeding. Rabbits, he discovered, were not to any extent night roamers. Among the animals of truly nocturnal habits are the fox, the otter, the polecat, stoat, and weasel, the hedgehog, the rat, and almost the whole family of mice.. " All these animals, like the deer and the hare, have their peculiar and individual calls, which they utter at night." The weasel family are not pleasant creatures to make acquaintanco with in the darkness. They are bold, fearless, and vicious, and thought nothing of attacking Edward while he was lying down and .'hoping that sleep would visit his tired eyelids. The otter ia much more often out of the water than in it at night. The bat feeds chiefly on day insects which have not gone to their night's retirement. Indeed, most readers must have noticed the bat abroad in dull but warm days of winter quite early in the after noon. Homer was a capital observer. He had noticed the shrill hissing of this, creature, and beautifully attributes their thin cries to the voiees of the ghosts in Hades. The rook, Edward noticed (as have many others who have lived near a rookery), is often very noisy during the nights of summer. The hedgehog begins his travels at dusk, and makes a curious grunting noise as it almost silently fprces its way through the lush grass of summer. In winter it is, of course, fast asleep under a heap of leaves at the foot ©f some tree, where the warm spring sunshire may fall upon it and awake it to new life. No creature is mote easily observed than the hedge hog. All tho naturalist has to do is to stand perfectly still. The harmless creature will then often walk within a yard of him before he sus pects an enemy, or rather a human being, for no naturalist, no humane person would ever harm a hedgehog. The otter is most usually seen in the moonlight. He, too, by day coils himself up in some favourite ditch or drain. The dormouse is another nocturnal rambler, very seldom seen because of its small size, but doubtless killed frequently by owls. It finds protection in thick hedges, just as pigeons and other birds when pursued by hawks always make for trees and hedgerows, as they know that their enemy dare not run the risk of injur ing his wing feathers among the twigs. These remarks may show the wanderer during the hours of darkness that if he be a naturalist he will find plenty to nole above and around him. Some of the pleasantest and most profitable hours which.we have spent at night have thus been whiled away* by the cries and sights of birds and quadrupeds; and many a long mile has been shortened by the absorbing occupation of thus noticing the ways of our noctunial prowlers. They love the country, and none else, who seek Fortheir own sake its silence and it9 shade Delights which who would leave that has a heart Susceptible of pity, or a mind Cultured and capable of sober thoughts. -Cowper, "The Task," HI. "Wild life is everywhere, often most abundant at night where least suspected. Thus the lover of nature may both by day and night, if he wilJ, be among his friends. And the more he knows of them the more he will find still remains to be known. Curious contrivance and nrodicalitv of beautv are everywhere ^Tftfrir^a outward expression, -SI. G. Wilms, in the .. uenueman 8 -*agazine. How FAST WE DIE.-The death-rate of tha worli is computed about 67 a minute, 97,700 a day, 35,639,835 a year ; while the birth-rate is 79 a minute, 1,500 a day, and 36,792,000 a year, Coiokg to THIS.-At Sandpits "I loTe you madly, passionately, Miss' Smith,'-* he said, 4' will you become my wife?" "I con fess I am not indifferent to yon, 3Ir. Brown," she replied, "but X cannot be your wife with* out references." Two mining accidents, one of which we re gret to say has proved to be very serious, hap pened on November 26 (says the Gympie Times), The first occurred in Ko. 1 North. Great Eas tern to Charles Colwell, the well-known wrestler. The day shift had put in two holes in sinking the shaft, but in firing the corner oae missed. When Colwell and his mate went below this hole was pointed out to them by one of the mon in the shift they were relieving, and they were told that it had been bored to a depth of two and a-half feet. After clearing up the rock displaced by the charge that had exploded, Colwell put his scraper in the hole that had missed, which he and his mate intended firing afresh with those they were about to bore. Finding a stone a few inches down the hole and believing that it must be some distance fiom the charge, which consisted of gelatine, he gave the stone two or threo taps with the scraper in order to force it down. The la3t tap was unfortunately followed by an ex plosion which shattered ColwelVs left hand badly and inflicted some outs on his right hand Gn the face. He was brought to the gurfaoe as quickly as possible and taken to the hospital, where it was found that there was no alternative but to amputate the poor fellow's injured hand, and this operation was accordingly performed by Dr. Dunlop, the resident surgeon, assisted by Dr. Gibbie. Mitchell, ColweU'smate, had the good fortune to esoape with a few bruises on the shoulders. The other aocident happened in the- Wilmot Extended, but was luckily not attended with any serious results. Two miners named J. M*Leod and Chippindall, relieved the day shift working in the winzo being sunk from the 770 foot level, ami having sent up all the loose stutf, Ghippindall began to bore a hole in the oorner of the winze, starting in the'butt of one that h© himself had put down previously. Some unexploded dynamite must have been left in this hole, for Chippindall had not been working loug before an explosion took place. Both men, but wore especially Chippindall, who sat right over the hole, had a most pro-, vidential escape, for beyond being stunned, and receiving a few trifling outs they suffered no injury. 