Sandgate Ratepayers' Association. The First General meeting of the Sandgate Ratepayers' Association was held on Monday evening, MR. E. B. Southerden in the chair ; the business of the meeting being to confirm the rules of the association, to elect a chair- man and a committee for the ensuing year. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The secre- tary then read the rules, which were confirmed seratim by the members present. Members must be ratepayers, and pay a quarterly subscription of 1s, 6d. The affairs are to be conducted by a committee of fifteen, five to form quorum ; one-third to retire annually, to be elected by ballot first, by lot after- wards. The members chose their chairman, the committee appoint their own secretary and treasurer, all three retiring annually ; the annual meeting to be held on the first Monday in March in each year. The committee is to meet the first Monday in each month. Committee is to select candidates for council vacancies such candidates to be recommended ???he approval of a general meeting of the members of the association. A two-third vote required to dissolve the association, such meet- ing to be advertised. The treasurer presented his finance report. Sub- scriptions received, £30 7s. 1d.; ex- penses, £22 8s. 4d. ; balance in hand, £7 18s.9d. Adopted unanimously. The meeting then proceeded to elect a chairman and a committee. A hearty vote of thanks was first accorded to Mr. Southerden as retiring chairman. Mr. Southerden proposed and Mr. Fishley seconded, that Mr. Childs be chosen chairman. Mr. Childs proposed, and Mr. Wilson seconded, that Mr. Southerden take the chair. The amendment was carried, and Mr. Southerden took the chair. Mr. Southerden returned thanks for the honour paid him, and promised his best services in the future. The following gentlemen were then chosen as a com- mittee:—Messrs. Brann, Whitby, Agnew, Childs, Drouyn, Holmes, Lloyd, Quinlan, Fishley, Barfoot, Greenwood, Moor, L. Best, Southerden, and Wilson. The meeting then terminated. A SOFT ANSWER.—Walgett (N.S.W.) wants a parson, and has solicited church- men to meet and subscribe. A neighbouring squatter promises £5 a year, to be inereased to £10 if the clergy- man will promise never to visit or interfere with the station. It is an open secret that when Walgett had a C.E. as well as a Presbyterian evange- list, they raced forty miles to snap a christening (2s. 6d.). The latter won by a neck, and the Episcopalian called him. "no gentleman." A soft answer turneth away wrath, so the Presbyterian replied, "No ; only a clergyman." MAY AND DECEMBER.—If there is any mortal use for stale fish, eggs that have gone wrong, and cats which have surrendered the ghost, they should be resurrected now. A respectable old gentleman in Woolloomooloo hunted up a pastor on Monday night and wanted to be joined in holy matrimony to a girl of 12, and though the presiding shepherd of Christ Church ordered the venerable dawg to take his retail order elsewhere, it is reported that he ulti- mately managed to get the know tied. There will be another engaging young widow about when that old party shuffles off this mortal coil. PREJUDICE.—Surry Hills, 364 Cleve- land-steet (Sydney), N.S.W., May 1, 1886—About the beginning of last December I was taken with what some call the Colonial Fever. I shook from head to foot, accompanied with cold, clammy perspiration, was exceedingly nervous, and had aching pains all over my body. My appetite failed, and I was thought to be near my end. During this time I was attended by medical men without the least beneficial result. I was advised to try Warner's safe cure, My prejudice against proprietary medi- cines was such, that, although I had the best evidence of the value of the medicine, I did not for some time try it; when I did, however, I had not taken more than two bottles when I began to prove its value. Eight bottles taken and I was at work again quite well.—John Hayes. 