I3Mxrurss n r ius Ain.-Mr. Percy J. Edmunds recently gave, in connection with the Board of Technical Education, a lecture entitled " How to detect and remove im purities in the air." The lecture was a continuation of a similar lecture on water, previously reported. After briefly describ ing pure air, and enumerating the various impurities present under differenteonditions, -Mr. Edmunds gave the following important hints for testing practically the state of the air in one's house. After a house has been shut up several hours a person entering from without should not be able to smell anything disagreeable in the air of it. In this manner leakage from drains, "musti ness " from the presence of organic filth, "clamminess " from damp walls or base ment, excessive heat from badly-built roofs, and other improper conditions could be detected. Where there was no perceptible smell the air very often caused a perceptible depression of the mental spirits. The pro :valence of dust in a house was injurious to the lungs, and might be detected in a beam of sunlight, and if possible should be ex amined by a magnifying-glass to see if it consisted merely of sand or grit, or of fluff, organic matter, or:othor -injurious material. The tendency of articles of clothing to be come mildewed, showed an improperly moist condition of the air, and of food to become tainted,- either excessive heat or. the presence of foul exhalations. If silver articles became rapidly tarnished, or oil pictures darkened quickly in colour, this generally was a satisfactory proof of sewer gas or putrefaction somewhere. The over-rapid rusting of iron articles and brass chandeliers, &o.;, be tokened an unustial condition of, dampness. There -ought not to " be suflicient carbonic acid gas in' air to turn a dessert-spoonful of limewater milky when shaken up in a clean quart bottle for a 'fewl minutes.- In speak ing about the means of rendering air pure, the lecturer, strongly urged the necessity of absolute cleanliness. - Together with. proper sewerage arrangements and ventiliation, cleanliness formed ' a sine qua non of a healthy house. - Articles of food should not be, left , lying, kbout' to attract flies and mosquitoes, dust: should not. be allowed to accumulate, and articles of furniture should not be' of such a nature as to favour its accumulation. Cleanliness was especially necessary in: hot- and damp places, where decomposition, with the production of bacteria and fever' germs, was so rapid. To prevent the latter, danger also, .houses should be kept as dry and cool.as possible, and light should not be excluded. The use of- disinfectants should be necessary only during and after sickness, A little sulphur' might theni be burnt,:,or a: dish' containing chloride of lime and vinegar be exposed for a time. Trays of charcoal, were of some use also in destroying- fetid . gases, also plates of . Condy's fluid:; 'Carbolio iacid should be'uised only in outhouses. Ifioon ,elusion, the lecturer deprecated the idea thab the:obtaining of 4pure air requiiredthe' employmiitet of any unusual soientific' methods. With coimmon-sense attention to drainage: and venitilatioh and :striot atten tion to oleauliness-one of the primary virtues to' be cultivated--pure air, might be:I obtained by all., A PAins Gnos-r-A- kind of successor to thel famous:. Cook-lane gl ost:hs?thS boeoS i" 'rdised " :hiiid `'run to" earth in'ld:a ratlher' dismal part of Pairis. "The apparitioin:(the:, Paris correspondentf of' the _London Daily Telegraph says) was in the habit'of making its manifestations' near ~.the lugubrious haminps de Navots, or, "Ttiunip Field," wliei;re tlhe.iniglsd"iemains bf' decapitated criminals are finally deposited after the (doctors have done with them, For the past fortnjight .the: people who dwell '?ear; the cemeteryl have been, frightened by the "bogy,' which usually selected cloudy nights for its walks abroad. The spectre vwas described as being of gigantic size, with long arims; and some. market gardeners, who had: passed near it in their carts during: the'small hours of-the morning, said that: one of their number had fired a 'whole' pooketful: of bullets from a 'revolver at it without ;touohing it. 'The inhabitants of, the Ivry township became so terror-stricken that not one of; them:would venture near the graveyard at night.:' Legends and tales were being;fast concocted by, the, oldest inhabi-. tants in order to impress the younger.people with a due idea of the thrilling experiences of-:their elders, and it was darkly hinted that' thd'ghost might be thile shade of one of the nurderers whose debris find a resting-place in the Ivry 'graveyaid.' ''The more practical iunspeotor of police of the district, however, regarded the ghost from the nineteenth!' century point of view; and' when the mysterious inovemonts, of the:giganti figirem ,withthth long arms wore brought to his cog nisanoe, he shrewdly conjectured that the long arms :were in. search of something. He accordinigly: organised a raisia as if the ghost were a vulgar nooturnal prowler, and his :men' stationed themselves behind a clupiii'df trees. Soon they saw time phantom. iriseo' from dn'a grave and direct its steps. towards a-potato-fiold close to the cemetery. Having unoeremoniously climbed a wall, otweeon it and the potatoes, thme apparition prodeoded to a hiding-place, whouco.it drew forth a hand-cart, which it began to fill with potatoes.- The policemon charged at the midniglit potato-robber and handcuffed him. Th6 apparition, enveloped in his winding sheet, was then marched to the station house, where he was speedily identified as t juienile delinquent of the parish who had already qualified himself for ohauge of air boyond the sear by divers offences which he had planned with great ingenuity. WeVobor's unfinished opera, The Throe Pintos, has just boon completed by Herr Mahlor, the leader of the band of the Leoipsig, Stadt Theatre, It is said to be writtenoin the very best style of theo composer of Der Froiesohutz. Captain Webor, a grandson of the composer, has furnished the-book of the manuscript, Of'the original book ionly a small;portion wqs found among :Woper'a papers. - - - - 