mark twain's! version , of "hamlet." .' Tin? above talented author has put . / forth a revised edition of the tragedy -of '' Hamlet." According .to Twain's idea, " Hamlet," as it camefrpm the pen of Shakespeare, was' incomplete. > Twain assumes that a man of Hamlet s melancholy and eccentric ''tempera- ;/ > meht, must, of necessity, have had a younger brother in the family of a more > sprightly and sunny disposition. Twain sustains his theory in the following > ingenious arguments.: — . "We rind in the History of England > and Paris > adjacent pages, 4,-11, 44, Vol. II, the following letter from' the '/King of > Denmark/to Tom, ..S'ayers, an ; old friend of his :— Dear Tom — Those hair- > stuffed box- ' ing gloves and foils came by the . Mark Lane Express (Mark, > Lane who ran the Express Company, was a distant uncle of the author, M.T.) > in good orcier — ti.U.lJ. ilamlet, my eldest son, being of a taciturn .and : melancholy ' disposition,' takes very \- little stock in the gloves, as a blow. : . on the nose only serves to increase his . melancholy. Thus I have given ye ; gloves to Billy -my second : born who i /is as lively .as a cricket on his pins,/ /and a jovial lad withal, who takes : kindly to ye manly sport of boxing. Yesterday he thumped. his tea.ch.er., .most soundly on ye bugle, for which I rewarded himby giving him a silver- mounted wassail boivl filled'to the iiijipermost brim witli good brown ale. ' If you make-, your rnqtch with Crabble let me know, and send a couple of tickets for seats pretty close to the ropes. " If you want backing, the whole Exchequer of Denmark and the Sub-, treasury thrown in is Yours trulv, Claudius, King of Denmark." From this historical scrap Mr. Clemens (Mark Twain) proceeds to reconstruct the play, holding, with no. little show, of reason, that Shake speare had no license — poetical or otherwise — to give Hamlet a pro- minence not accorded to his younger brother. » » Twain Continues :— . "Other letters from the, King to Sayers, now in my possession, being kindly loaned me . by the British Museum, go to show that Shake speare had a grudge against Billy, the 1 younger brother, because, when Shakespeare visited the palace of Claudius, Billy put an old candle- snuffer in Shakespeare's boots, a frolicsome proceeding, which so in- . censed the bard that lie never forgave the young rascal. People who have had candle-snuffers placed in their boots, can readily appreciate the motives which governed the poet iu making no reference to Billy in the play except where he appears to him ' Like a mildewed ear Blasting his wholesome brother.' The events at Elsinore happened as I have written them, Shakespeare transposed and distorted the facts,, and I cannot conscientiously allow these gross historical mistakes to.pass uncorrected." f ' THE PLAY. In his revised version Twain takes liberties with the original text, which strongly reminds one of Boucicault . '. adapting a French drama for the American stage. In the first- act where Bernardo and Francisco indulge in a colloquy on the platform along with Marcellus and Horatio, William comes in aud sets up refreshments for the guards out of a little black bottle ; but refuse, the two latter to have a second pull at the flask, after, they begin to talk on the grounds that he does not care to encourage so pronounced a case of delirium tremens. # # # The guards then leave William, to himself, and after they had disappear ed he bursts into an immoderate fit of laughter. He, then slips away, and in a side scene is represented dressing himself up in his father's armour and covering himself - with mosquito netting, making up as a ghost. As soon as his arrangements are complete he stalks iu aud frightens the wits out of Bernardo and Horatio making several turns out .iu the side scenes, where lie goes to hide his merriment at the success of his trick. \- #. - When Horatio is telling Hamlet of the' apparition r William listens with his 'mouth wide open, apparently . ransfixed with fear ; but after 'they are gone he turns to Hamlet with. ' ' Hamlet, do you swallow all this ?" . Don't you kno,w,all these (fellows are as crazy as bed-bugs? ' Db you sup pose the old man would walk around . this castle with his armour on? What in the deuce does a ghost want of armour? Besides, a ghost ain't cap able,., of. packing armour., around. Why, the last few years lie wasn't hardly ahle'to.. waddle about in that one-liundred'-and-t'en "pound suit. , Dou!t, you ,know/wheii: he.icame hi from that last dress parade lie said he'd be. switched. if he'd ever, put the old brass togs on. again.. Pshaw, old boy have some sense." # # ' THE , GHOST- WALKING; SCENE).,. In - the fourth scene William gets himself up in fine shape and rehearses the ghost- walking scene jintil .lie is entirely satisfied with', liiniself,t while lie indulges in the foljowing soliloquy :i "Perhaps tliisAvori't catch jhimoh, no,! He'lfthiiiU it the true business) and no Mistake. . If I qan get him about Half crazy I can collar the girl. Blamed if I'd have far . to go;"-.-- V # # 111 this scene .Twain has followed,, the original text pretty closely.' ' The following extract will. give-. a general idea of his treatment of it :— Hamlet.. My fate cries out, And makes each, petty artery ,on. ,t)iis body , : / / As hardy as the Nemean lion's nerve. ( Ghost beckom. ). Still I am called. Unhand me gentle-- men 1 . - ' ( Breaking Jrom.tiem).\ By heaven, I'll make a ghost 'of liinv that lets me. I say, away ! Go on ! I'll follow thee." William. . Oh, lies coming, I've got him cranked already. ' " The harrowing tale which William, as the ghost, unfolds, runs in this practical fashion: — '.' I am thy father's spirit. Doomed to an everlasting swing around the -circle. I could a tale unfold that would: lift your hat to the ceiling.. If ever there was a slick old fraud your , uncle is that man. The newspaper reports about my death were all wrong, although as near right as all newspaper reports. Mountain fever )iever got away with me. The, man who is now in my political shoes flumped tire ounce of prussic aoid in my ear and that' did- the business. I can tell you Hamlet that for a good, quick, reliable poison I consider prussic acid as unequalled. Iam willing. 'jp furnish testimonials for the trade.'" # # The Ghost' tlien proceeds at con-, sideriible length to tell Hamlet what to do and how- to get even with his Uncle, interspersing his story with some side-splitting " Asides," which are in Twain's jiest vein. Through the entire play ;tlje pranks of William are indescribably ludicrous as he appears in the doubje r61e of Ghost and adviser to Bamlet in theflesh. . When not masquerading, with his material seances, he is going about with 'his brdther trying to ,dissuade him from doing anything rash, aud telling him what an iufernjil fool he is for taking any stock in tije supernatural, occas ionally withdrawing to a quiet place . to hold his sidds and laugh when his hilarity threatens to escape from his control. # His prime idea js to get even on his Uncle and .step-father, for, whom he has the most profound contempt ; bub when . events , thicken as the direct result of his pranks he studies to undo his work, and on "one occasion con-. fesses the fraud, -andv tries to get Hamlet to look atr the' armor and" mosquito .netting ; but Hamlet only looks upon it as a., dodge) to dissuade hi'tri from his purpose) and Svill listen to nothing. . . </.'.-. ! r. ,f /:. - i/ . » » + ' In the latter part of the play he sobers down and calmly allows events to take their course. In the closing scene- he gazes ; upon » the /work'--; of death, and coolly orders " a bolt of black crape" while lie announces that his morhihg will'be wholesale'/ ! - » . , Sonie of the passages are intensely funny, and in others the humor is forced, . with a tendency to slang ; but as a whole the innovation is very laughable, and the version Jwill no doubt attract 'considerable curiosity amongst play-goers, and draw crowd ed . audiences . .should it ever_ be nlaved, So writes an ; American critic. ' W.H. W. 