: QUARTER SESSIONS.-FKIDAY. (Before Mr. District Court Judge DOWLING.) : . : . ? SENTENCES. John Farrell, a youth nbout 19 years of age, who hai on tho.previouB day been found guilty of attempted robber from the person, was brought up for sentenco, and wa ordored to be imprisoned in "Darlinghurst gaol for twelv months. - Edward Hinton, who on tho previous dav had ploadei guilty to haviug housebreaking toola in his possessioi without lawful oxcuso, was sentenced to thréo years' impri- sonment in Maitland gaol. A previous conviction of 1! months was proved aprninst him. 'George 'Brown, who on tho previous dav had ploadoc ghilty to having brokon into and entered a (íweliing-houso was brought up for sentence. Several previous conviction! having been recorded against him, prisoner was Bentoncoc to four years' penal servitude ALLEGED SHOOTING WITH INTENT. Herbert Hellyer, a' respectable-looking young man, wat charged with shooting a Chinaman named Ah Coy, witt Intent to do grievous bodily harm. It nppoared from tho evi- dence that the accused and some other lads were shooting at a place called Fletcher's Glen, Double Bay, and that the Chinaman was struck with ono of thc shots. The jury ?topped tho case in tho middle( saying they were quite satisfied there waa no felonious intent, and that the shoot- ing was purely accidental. A verdict of not guilty wai recorded, and tho accused was discharged. I ALLEGED STASHING. , Annie Robson and Aunio Smith, two respectable-looking young women, pleaded not guilty to an indictment charging them with maliciously wounding one Annie Read, in Buoknell-street, Newtown, on the 7th September laat. Mr. Healy prosecuted, and Mr. Fitzgerald defended tho ac- cused, who were accommodated with seats at tho solicitor's table. I The hearing of tho case occupied a considerable time, but the following would appear to bo briefly the facts accord- ing to the evidence of the prosecutrix, who is an adopted daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy Read, known in connec- tion with " D'Arcy Read's Ghost." There appeared, through certain domestic reasons, to be some illfeeling be- tween the proseoutrix and Annie Robson. On the evening of tho day mentioned in tho indictment, the " Ghost" was performing at tho Nowtown Theatre of Varieties for tho " benefit " of Mr. Road. The prosecutrix went outside the theatre a few minutes past 8 o'olock, When she saw tho two accused, who are employed in domestio servico at the White Hors» Hotel, Newtown. Anuie Robson «poko to tho prosecutrix, who then accused her of having stones in' her pocket, which was denied. Annie Smith then shoved her down and Annie Robson drew an ordinary table-knife from somo part of her dress and stabbed her in tho head. Prose- cutrix lost a considerable quantity of blood; was removed to the hospital ; and subsequently suffered very much from erysipelas. Dr. Blaxland, of tho Prince Alfred Hospital, proved that tho wound was a true wound, in- flicted with some sharp instrument. In cross-examination, prosecutrix stated that MrB. Read had had a good deal of domestio trouble through Annie Robson, and that, in De- cember last, she (Mrs. Read) had horsewhipped her, being assisted in that oporarion by tho prosecutrix. Miss Read could not swear positively to the identity of the accused Smith. The defence was that the prosecutrix had commenced the attnok, and that on being thrown down she had struck her head against a broken water-pipo ; but tho medical evidence wa» opposed to that theory. Tho accused were apprehended tho day after tho assault, and they donied most positively that any dinner-knife had been used, OT that there bad been any premeditated assault. Mr. Fitzgerald addressed the i'ury at some length on behalf of the accused, after which ds Honor summed up. .After a brief retirement tho jury acquitted both ths accused, who were thereupon discharged. CHARGE OP UNNATURAL OPPEN CB. John: Kelly, a youth about 18, and Alfred Marsh, a man about 55, were indicted for attempting to commit an unnatural offence on the night of the 4th October last, on the Circular Quay. At 6 o clock the jury were locked up for tho night, not having agreed upon their verdict. .' . CASES FOR MONDAT. . The following cases will be tried on Monday :-Eliza Russell, maliciously wounding ; John Fitzgerald, larceny; John Leonard, bigamy; Ellen Rawsthorne, malicious wounding; Margaret Reddon, alias Rassoll, kooping a brothel; Sylvin I'inaud, larcony ; Thomas Elliott, assault 1 and robbery; John M'Forlan and Thomas Wilkie, bur- glary and larceny. _ 