THJfi UOiiDJSN Mom A ROMiNCE OF THE DEEP. I d eamt a dream th»t w >s not all a dream.' , i . Ex W. Cuabk Rossell. CHAPTER XYL— Continued ) ' stbugoiino' through it.'. The skipper tupk tbe hiut, and after a stare at the' skylight, aud then 'a look at tbe tell tale cimpaa3, and uttering a brief marine gro wl at the weather, he weut on deck. He was puzz'eii, and stood a minute in the com panion batch, rubbing his nose and peering at old Stone, who stood to windward ®f the tiller, clapping his breast for warmth. He u«i » mum so rug me tning over wita the m ite, because hi curiosity had been excited ly hearing air. Forteacue himBelf say that hie principal object in making tbe v<?Tae was to seek Borne friend riu the far- oil island. ' Ae how,' he eaid to himself, conl-l be know there was any of 'em there? For the mere hoping that they were there waea c going to make & man spend all two thousand pounds and travel twenty thousand miles and leave his duties ashore to take care of themselves/ Bat after contemplatively squinting awhile at Stone, he reflected that Mr. Forteacne would be annoyed if it came to hfe ears that the cap'atn of his vessel was talking and argning about him ; bo iustead he told the mate to go below and get his dinner; and took hie place on the weather quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bows to keep his eves skinned, for, eaid he, address ing the seaman who was grasping the tiller rope : , 1 Confound me, Harr , if this here smother iau i> iiks a cantaror tnat i once s\w bilin in a theayter when a piece was being pre sented exiled Macbeth. -There was some old women collected around that job. and among other things I reck'lecc of their chucking. in was a lizird'e leg and a Jew's liver, and the blood of a sow that had ate her little 'una.' ' Who wae goin' to e waller the likes of such broth as that?' said the helmsman, whose mahogany face looked almost black in the dusky . drizzle, and .from contrast with the reddish beard that forked straight out over, the collar' of his oilskin coat.- ' P'raps ' them . old ; "women meant it . for Sailors.' ' It's hot th9'broth I'm talking about.' exid Weeks, it's the hallegory, if yon know what i that means, I Bay that this here smother is 1 like the smoke from the cauldron I saw, only instead of ghosts coming no out of it, as they did in that theayter play, it'll be wessela to run :against ;' and then, with a long look 1 round, he felt for a piec-i of tobacco, and muttered, 'two eyes ain't enough for a Bailor. If nanticxl men had been taken into con sideration when this here airth came bloom-' ing n > Into life eat of notben at all, I allow they'd have heen treated aB the peacock is,, eyes enough to sleep with and keep" a look- ritif vwiVU a AT » 1 i .1. t i »uw nivu ay »iio came uuie ; eyes lor.taa neaa and eyas for fihe starn eves like y'oiir's and mine for fine weather, and eyes like a proper ship's glasses/when it drawed up thick.' /'Tttat's about it, sir',' said the 'other, 'only! you'd need to have eyes fired where a man conld use 'em when he was dressed. Sight 'ud be of little use, fair or foul, if a man had to blind it every time he pat on his clofhee.' Weeks had reason to grumb'e, becanse those days of Channel thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the cold, nor the wet, nor the head wind ; it was having to be np end down all « he time," seeing that everything wae' right, that the look-out was alive and keen, and ho torth. He hadn't the shadow of a doubt that Mr. Stone was to be trusted np to the hilt, but the man was old, as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for some years, and wanted watch ing, at all events till the Bky showed the road clear; .not becanse the spirit in perfection wasn't in Stone, bat because the flesh that had been soaked for years and years in briny water might, now that it had bsen brought back to the old element, decline to prove particularly willing. . The fruiter was but a little craft— ninety tons; larger in thoae'daya than she wcn:d bethought now, but small a'l the same ; and offering a. hull which a tall, lumpish East or Westlndiamah, or a massive frigate. French or English, or big warship of any nation, with bows I ke a cliff, 'huadering np Channel, or stretching north or south on a bowline, would rim down without feeling more than a ' thud,' jqst enoagh to make the look-oat . peer over . the-' rail, and wonder w.he.ther. it could,h,aye,be3n a baulk of timber or a buoy. . Now' aud " again' a dingy' sorf ot smudge would.show out to. port . or -.starboard, - -and-if the schooner wai heading that. way. the' blotch would take the- eha'pe .and substance of - a smack, perhaps,, or a groaning old Sunderland pink bound to a French port, or a rakish Yankee brig steering for London river, driving with a curtsey out of the folds of vapour into open space, more like a toy than a real vessel, with her cotton-white canvas, skysiil poles, white netting round, her short poop, and the metal under her counter gleaming as though a glaro of sua-! shine touched ite wetness, when after a: saucy frisk or two she swung into the mist and faded ont. Bat most of the craft the Golden Hope passed in that dreary, drizzling bitterly -cold and blowing time were , just phantoms, oozinga.of shadows which never took shape, yet plentiful, enough to make the daylight — not to apeak of the long honre of darkness— formidable ; and a blessed hour was that when on the eve of a change of weather, Scone's and Week's noses, each with a crystal at tbe end of. it, met close in t-ie light of the binnacle, in the delight the men took to note that the wind had vaerei with a sudden leap to rhe eastward of Bouth, and i hit the Golden Hope might at last be beaded wait by north half north, with the strong breeze that had been baffling her for five days now abaft the beam. Chapter XVII —Good Headway. Fortescue had no idea of the change in the weather until he came on deck, though be might have noticed a bluish brightneia on< hie Bcuttl.e. fl ishiug off the dancing w iter. The wind had veered at midnight, and what tbe clergyman, saw when he emerged through the companion was no leaker thickness, and drizzle, and streaming deckB, and small canvas dark with damp, bat a heaven of azure, with many mountainous clouds white as wool, one fold towering above another with fragments of rainbow dissolving on their eastern skirts ;, clouds so noble and; majestic, eo snow-like in their brilliant brow's, eo fitted as foils for the prismatic glories of the sun-lit iceberg that it was as wonderfql to mark them sailfng up oat of the south (wh'ere in March "one fancies ail the warmth lies) inBtead of down from the Arctic regious, as it waa delightful to plunge the fancy into their Boft depths, to -observe' summits, and brows, aud eminences, the spur of hills, the defiles and ravines and scars, all as solid to the eye as the substan tial land, yet presently, to melt and disappear like a whiff of tobacco smoke. These va<- bodies of .vapqnr filled the 'sea with their shadows; the water "had no- yet taken the azure of the 'fathomless deep, but the deli cate green might well have passed for a faint bine, and the snn shihing almost astern of the schooner would,' . from the edge of every cloud that swept athwart him, fling a dazzle over the vessel's bows and transmute into silver the sargei which ran acro-e the path of her stem Fortescae Btood gazing round him and aloft, lost in amazement that was a kind of transport too. .The last time he had seen the Golden Hope, she was a soaked and strug gling vessel, and now — from the il-ing jib- boom eud to the end of the mainboom, from the fcretopgallant yard to the gaff topsail, she was literally a tower of caavas Tne men had got the etnnsail booms on the yards at daybreak, and" the sails were set— topmast and topgallant stuusails— so that the yards being braced in and yet inclined npwirds by the vessel's heel to the beam wind, she looked to windward to be carrying each a weight and stretch of cloths as made Fortescae wonder they did not overset the slender fabric that raced beneath them The fresh breeze was bitterly cold, but the flying auashiue pat such joy into it that you thvught of nothing but the health of its frosty kissing.; and it waa joyous still when the deep bosomed ciouus smote inn sou and threw their anartowi upon tuiy schooner : tor r.n« whirling baams of the luminary tnus eclipsed were sure to keep the waters flashing ahead, and before the obscuration bad Urns to make its dimness felt the Golden Hope h&d;' rashed into the lighted etirgeB again, flioging the spray aft as far -'-sb 'the gangway, as though showing her triumph and. exultation in the beneficeat splendour that Bhone upon her once more, aud breaking from waterway to topmaat-head iuto a whiteness of canvas that rivalled tbe glittering fleacinesB of the va porous folds which had momentarily darkened her beauty. To appreciate tbe amazing Bpread of cloths a fruiter of those days extended to the wind it would be necessary to . see a paiatingof Bach a vessel. It is doubtful i there he any yacht of . the present day that approaches those 'schooners in spread '.and height of canvas. It was a not only their immense mainsails and their long-headed gaff topsails. WlO.l Oi bUfc!UA.«9tf 3V4»jt«ll g.Ul lOf.Oil 1, with- a bowsprit and jihbooma carrying two and sometimes three jibs and a stayforesail, you had a pile of square canvas to b jot. top. gallant and topsails witn long booms for stnnsails and a vast sqnaresait extended by the goose-qecked boom, the' extremity ot which confined, when set, the inverted apex, so 'to' 'epeak, of'"a triaagalar-shaped lower sonnBuH, the head of it extended by the whole length of the topmast-etahsail boom. I« inay he easily supposed, therefore, that tne beautifully-moulded halts of the vessels built expressly for speed, woald be driven with astonishing swiftness by the great height and breadth of sails, they expanded, aud thar for elegance, rig, shapeliness, and a score of other points wnich a sailor's eye would love to_ dwell upon, they were more admired in their time than any other kind of ve-sel then afloat, whilst even to this day they are recalled bF old seafarers as the handsomest and most weatherly cratt ever Bailed by Englishmen superior, i-nleed, in all respects, to even cue famous Biltimore clippers. If ever Fortescue could have doubted Stone's judgment in recommending him to purchase or hire one of the swiftest and most beautiful of these vessels, as tbe Gilden Hope unquestionably was, every misgiving mast have oeen extinguished when hequitcd the companion and stepped over to rhe quarter where the mate was standing. Tne mate had jnst finished setting the lower stnn- sail, so that tne schooner had nearly every cloth ehe carried hoisted, and yon wonlu notice a sort of expectant curiosity in the looks of the watch when, everything being belayed, they gazed over the side or sent their glances aloft, as if the moment for testing the clinner'a hoeta hnrl urri,7_»/i a„A i. was now to be seen what she conld do nnder - fairlv favourable circumstances. ' Here it is at list, sir,' said Stone, touch ing hia cap to the clergyman. N >t only a fair wind, as it is called aBhore, but tine weather; almost beantifal, indeed, for I don't kuow that I ever saw wonderfniler clonds.' ' It does not come too soon, Mr. Stone,' exclaimed Fortescue, feeling ail the freshness ; aud glory of the scene in his hoart, thougn the old sailor noticed with a side-peep of com passion how pale the. curate's cheeks showed in the penetrating silver splendour that was then, showering Aoyvn from a light-blue rift, and how wdd and yet sad likewise the brili liance that his large dark:ey'es took from the darting g'eams : made his eager, handsome,' -attenuated face appear.' ' Why one feels to be flying on the hack of some great sea fowl through tbei air, instead of being on the deck of a vessel.' He raised his eyes to the immense show of canvas from which as he watched, m th - space .of a breath almost, the shining of the early 'sun flishe'd -out of every patin-like hollow into the1 leeward water," over whose smooth-backed snrgeB it raced in a sheet of silver, whilst the schooner turned grey in the cloud-shadow. — . '' ' I'm not BOing- to' savi Mr: F .irteoeno - aotd Stone, 'gravely,- ' that there's ho ' e'ea' birds as couldn't fly faster than we're agoing; but Id like to lay a wager that' if this here bre'eza kept all on blowing till w'e 'was done "wir.h it, there's ne'er a eea'hird as the Golden Hope wouldn't war out " and' overhaul and be coo far ahead to be cotched again by him When he was ready to" make sail afresh. Eh. Bill?' This was addressed to William "Rreeches, able seaman, who was .steering. For in the fruiter, as in the coaster, we must not look for the quarter-deck' etiquette of big ships, inasmuch as Jack wae as good as his master in such crafc; and sometimes better, though, of co'nfse. orders were obeyed as smartly and work done as dutifully as if the discipline was that of a man-of-war. ' There's only one fowl,' answered Breeches, talking with his head turned from those he' addresaed, true to tha Bailor's peculiarity of appearing to notioe everything but th8 man he converses with, and to find everything interesting but what he's Baying : Cher's only one fowl, Mr. Stone, as 'ud ever think o' trying to beat the vessel by flying, and that s a bird fonnd south o' the equator, commonly called Bo J by.' As Mr. Forteacue had never heard of such a bird, he supposed that Breeches meant a joke, and sought his eye that he might reward him with a smile, hut tbe Bailor had ap parently forgotten that he had spoken, aud witu niB gaze levelled steadily at the . schooner's head was grasping tbe tiller rope with" an expression on his face that could n't have been Beverer had he been argiii.-g with a crimp Mh Stone, noticing the admiration in Mr.-FortesGue's.faca as he leaned against t oei. bulwark, running his eyes from .the white heigh-e, to the sea aud back again", and' then' around the horizon, out of which the clonds' were slowly soaring like huge, mountainous, snow-clad i-lands, would not break in upon him ; being too well pleased that the clergy man should take his fill of the beauty of the vessel ; for the old sailor waa intimately con cerned in the selection of her, and he had his share of vauity. Indeed, Fortescae was glad of th.e privilege of .being able to look without having to, converse. '.So far as the actual passage to the island wect, "the main pleasure he would be able to derive from it mustiie in its rapidity;. Tnere could be no beauty of aei or Bky, no silver ehinirig of euurise, no ruby splendour of . sunset; that would fill-him wi th wearia'e83 and despondency, if the conditi ns of the, spectacle" were to be Btagnant wit-r and an idle 'hull. His intellectual huuger aud thirst, the craving of every imaginable instinct in him, was to sight, the island — to spring ashore— and in Agatha's deaith. or in her life, in her existence, or in the solitndeot tfie rock, to learn if the iasue of hia dream, sq promising with its presentment of her figure, pleading and inviting, was to prove no more than the shadow and phantasy .Mr. Clayton deemed it. Taerefore, what best delight the ae'a coald hold for him- he felt this morning as he watched the spriug of the buoyant and beautiful " fabric, from the slant of- one flickering Burge to the foaming brow -of another, flinging from her sharp bows the spray, which waa like a shower of diamonds wh-m tbe clouds obscured the ann, but which became a - rainbow wbenever'- the luminary flashed down again upon the leaping sc-ooner that was eof-ly and- rhythmically swaying her lofty heights of canvas to tbe regular run of the sea; so that with the buu crawling to the southward; the hurrying peneillings of shade in the deep bosoms of the sails ; the swift waitings of such dimness aa the interposition of a water leech, or the angle of the maats would daBh upon the Bwoile'n cloths, made the full fabric leaning towards the north wi h mastheads-like golden spires, wherever the blue opened for tbeiu to ehow against; appear 'to the eye of Fortescae as .if the surface up- reared by the spars were mother o' pearl. ' But it was the exhilaration of hope coming out of the pace, the 'bought that the Indiwu Ooean was a maasuri- ile thing, not the limit; less, untrustworthy iancy it used to be at Wjrloe, that pne a glitter into the yonug clergyman's eyes when he brought them away from the Serena azure rifts among the clonds, and watched the merry .sparkling throbbing of water to leeward, and the delightful heaving and hurling and "shearing dance ot the Golden Hope, that was indeed like some living feathered creature, fresh to -liberty and un able; to make enough of- its wings,- of the height of the sky over it, of the mighty free dom of the deep aronnd i t, and of the glorious music of tbe clear etrong-wiud, to whose melodies 'all about her - the sails added a stirring toll as of drums. Tne men had long before washed the decks down, the wind had dried the planks, aud they glistened like sand ; in every bit of polished brasswork or smooth surface to give back light, rose- coloured stars flashed aud faded, sparkled and sped with tbe movements of tbe schooner aud the sailing of tbe sun ; from the chimney of the little caboose tbe smoke of the gallery fire streamed into the hollows of tbe gaff- fore-sail ; the c.'ew were preparing to get their breakfaBt ; some ducks and heus amid ships quacked and cackled, It was a picture of homely sea life ennobled by the airy beauty in and over it — a beauty flowing aa sunlight, musical as the wiud, pare as the azure rifts, glad as the luminous washing wuters, aud majestic as the vaporous mountains which enriched the heavens. Fortescae's gaze met Stone's ; tbe old sailor smiled. ' Sue don't disappoint ye, 1 hocv-Bir?' be eaid. t "vt.-v jnjonj w.a- r» Yhat is it, ehouid jou ay ?' Mr.' Stone gave a careless look to windward, then a half-glanca to leeward. ' Ten< kuotB, sir, uothen under; what dy'e say, Bill?" Breeches eased himBelf off the tiller rope a bit to take a glance aBtern at the wake; then with his former air of appearing lost iu thiuk- ing of everything but hia answer, said, 'Nearer eleven I should say.' ' It can easiiy be settled,' exclaimed Stone. 'Forward there ! lay aft a couple of yon, my lad, and heave the log.' Two of them arrived ; Hsrrv Sawyer, a good sample of a sailor, with long arms fit to reach out with, and fingers like fishhooks, and long legs for climbing rigging without ratlinese or for jockeying a yardarm ; and Joe .Hall, an ordinary, seaman, a nimble little fellow of about two and twenty, with grinning eyes, tough hair, so pliant and boueless in his poatuteB that he waa more like an eel than a man. He held tbe log reel, Sawyer the glass, and Stone hove the chip overboard, -At- I OCuuoUuo lidaCU Cue reei la-bis as It opua, and 'watched Sawver's eves meeting in a squint in the sand glass as he held it against the sky, whilst Stone, helped' the-chip hv a pall now and then at the line that made little Joe Hall sway a ; sin 1 Slop !' ha wled Sawyer ; and ntop it was; with what seem-id to -Mr Fortescae to be half a mile .of- iine towing astern. Stone groped for ' the knur-. 'Nearer eleven than' ten, sir.' said he, with 'a face lull of wonder and triamph, ' hy all that's—' Ha checked him-elf in the 'presence of the cleravman, and ailded, " S-e ; here's the mark for the half ; and there's another quarter out a well. Ten and three quarters. ' Ay.' said Breeches, turning hist hack to eav it, ' and if you wis to allow another q natter for the drag, mate, you'd be nearer tne mark yet., Captain Hiram Wmkaafcthia point Rtepped on deck, re-i-eyed fr -m a nap, and looking peculiarly gannt, and sallow, and hollow, and long in the bright morning ligur. He -"tutted Mr Firtesene. and instantly said, ' What's she doing, Mr. Smne ?! ' Ten and three quarters by the log, hut all eleven, as Bill here says, allowm' for the drag, sir.' ' Lb t 'em talk of steam after thin, Mr. For- tescne,' said Hiram, coming to the weather quarter with a stride ; and with protruding eyes foil of sharp sailorly intelligence, he overhauled the extent of canvas and the trim of everything aloft in a flash, as it were, so fast did he take it all in ; and then after wards, with the pleased expression Che fice of any sea captain will take when tne wind is of. tne right kind and all chines else as they Bbonll be, he cast his gazs around the horizm. ' Hillo !' eaid he. ' A sail ahead there. Mr. btone." Fortescue," who had been watching the tedions operation of reeling in the lbgline, looked in the direction indicated hy' the kipper, and observed a tiny star-colonred oh- j-ct hovering like the tip of a swan's wing upon the dim, weltering blue of the sea, about a point and a quarter on the weather bow. ' She was sighted at dawn, but she's growed bigger since,' said Mr. Scone, with a com placency that for some momeuts puzzled Mr. Fortpscne. who said— 'A sail! Is that a ship ?' - > \- Ay; Sir,' -answered- Hirim, going to the' companion ; 'a ship according to law, be cause it's evident she "ain't- prooelled 'hvoars.; But whether she'a aship according to Bi.i'ors.- or only a brig, or a schooner,- there's ho telling for a bit ; but only for a hit, sir. for we're catching her np fast enongh to satisfy the impatience of a lady who's got to open a hanribnx afore ehe can tell how what's inside it'll become her.' Saying which he smiled gauntly iiD at Fortescae and bawled in a hoarse- note to ' Johnny' to bring him his glass. When the telescope arrived and waa levelled, the gleaming object ahead - proved to - be the royals and topgallant sails of what the akipperaaid. was a big ship ; 'Steering the same oourse as ourselves,' Raid .Captain Hiram."' "A frigate, mavb9, bound to 'the Mediterranean, or what's more like, a tea- waggon going our road to theHindies." But whatever she may prove to be, th' Hope, Mr. Forteacue, ain't goiog to let her remain a mystery long,' and a mute would have smiled to hear the bray-like laugh this long, lean, lank and leather fellow gave as he roiled his eyes all oyer the schooner and chafed his hands, as if he were working to get the. ptains of tar out. They went to breakfast, a snug little meal, for Mr. Salt, who wae aa ol 1 hand at pro visioning ships, had ao stocked the Golden Hope, that there waa little Fortescae coald not get by asking, if except appetite, the relish that is more often found at sea than carried there. His spirits were better than he remembered them for months. The pace of the schooner, the bright morning,, the gladness of the sweet and frothing and. swelling ocean coming into him, had given him a lightnesB of heart. Things eeemed clearer to him also. The purpose of his voyage, ite inspiration, its prospects ; he felt a power of realising things more closely, yet oMiff-ising his mind, too, as though a mental mist that had hidden everything but /Ygatha and what her name implied, had thinned ; thereby not only _ offering him a clearer pre- sentment of motive and mission, but a sight of other thinpn ah well This perhaDB might have bean evident in the increased attention he gave to Captain AVeeks's remarks and appearance, and in the fanpfes which pnuaessed him touching the concr lat'hutween his life at.Wvloe and this; .Could Mr. , Clayton., but . see him now.!, how, utterly vanished, indeed, how utterly extiiii gnished, hy the liquid girdl'e'.of -'the deep," tnose curtseying women, tho» grinning Bun- burnt countrymen, those apple faced babies, those bedridden cron-s, those row of Snnday dressed figures he. was wont to exhort ! 0 Time, old .whilst the winga and the Bcythe are thine, who in his senses will deem that the age of miracles is over ? The wand has ben waved -; and lo ! instead .of a funeral, a siek parishioner," a congregation; h confirma tion class — here was Hir'atn Weeks with his legsstnek ont like a pair of open' compasses, staring with eyee magnified by protrusion at every monthful he held up on his fork, his .leathern jaws buy with talk and mastio tioD ; here was a tossing interior swiftly con! veyibg the clergyman over miles of water even as he Bat- breakfasting, wrh a glassy depth of hundreds of- fathomB — for they wera off ' 8nnndjng'__V)etwjxc the keel that kept him afl iat and the bottom, whilst God knows what queer fish- were looking np with the ,wall eye of the cod or the flit squint of the dab at the ruddy sheathing of the G dden Hope 11 ishing comet like through the liquid firmament that overhangs" those hills and valleys'of the deep, npnn which, are strewn gras-covered wrecks and the greeu skeletons of sailors. The siil ahead was going to furnish eome excitement. By noen they had risen ber to her courses," when ehe was claarly made ont to be a larue'veesel under plain sail ; but "by r-ne time ine stern oi tier snoweo ouctt line a blot of ink nnder her cotton- white canvas with the lift of tbe sea. Mr. S;one,.who had been watching her with attention from anxiety (as Mr. Forteecue saw after "a- little) that she might serve to illnstrate the schooner's going power, suddenly sang ent whilst he kept his eye at the telescope — ' There goes bis foretopm'at stun'eail ! By the Lord Harry, skipper, they've took notice of as at last/and mean to make a race of it-' It was evidently what the old fellow hoped and wanted, for he toppled about with ex- cuem-jut, whilst be thrust the glass into Mr. ForteBcue's hands and begged him to see for himself. What a foretopuiast stun'eail was the clergyman bad not the least idea; and if Mr. Stoue had _ told him that the Btranger ahead had set his firing jib abaft the spauker he would, in all probability, have simply said, 'Really !' Bntitwasnothardfor him to perceive after a little mance ivriug with the glass that the shjp was a; perfect pyramid , of .canvas, a shining outline 'against the' piebald sky that way ; aud even as he gazsd he observed an exceusion of her sails o.i the weather side, wnich when he called Captain Wecks's atten tion to it, cansed the skipper' to jell out ' Mr. Stone ! Mr. Stone ! all larboard Btnn'sails as I'm a live man. from the royal yardarm to the swinging boom i A. smart sh-p, Mr. For tescue, a smart ship, sir ! Why, God bless my soul aud body ! to thiuk now of gear and canvas whipped aloft pretty nigh as fast as a man cau natch them doiug of it.' You saw_ how the contest of speed that had now practically begun was exciting the men, who, at work on tbe jobs which are as end- tess as a sailor's growling, peered and stared ahead and dodged whatever waa in their way, to get a look ; whilst the schooner snored through it, rnakiag one long steady, seething plunge after another till the crowded water under her figure head roee in ' milk to the forecastle rail ; until after dinner, 2 o'clock, it was just the breza for ber, a good cap full fit to let her exhibit all she had for au occa sion of thiB kind, though more was on her than Bhs needed for sober Bailing. The clouds were than blowing along in smaller masses, and if here and there one rose Blow aud ponderous the skirts of it were rent ere it had fairly lifted, aud drove fast ahead in Ptaloiifle. Aibo Ujoio nUs A vvluuy UiQiUedo U> cue tjauMOifie. »nu ti»e greeriing hue oi cue j sea bad darkened Into a hard wintry ouve, with a quicker melting of the heads of tbe surges, a swifter run of them, aud a swarm ing of yeasty lookiog stuff in tbe troughs. Buc at times a puff would sing with a shrill edge in it ; it waa as though the weather could not make up its mind ; and at such moments every brace and gay, every sheet, tack, shroud, and backstay was a screwed- np fiddle-string for the wiud to screech upon. (TO BB COSTLSUKD.) 