Resrsea L.sn.--By this is meant allow ing it to be without cultivation for one season, and to grow up in grass and weeds. The spontaneous crop covering tile ground well over during the summer and rotting during the wiuter, produces a large amount of soluble vegetable matter for replenishing the laud; and without this supply of humus given to soil it can never be kept up to full productiveness. The shade that such dense vegetable matter affords to land is most important, as it protects it from the exhausting heat of the sun, and causes it to retain much of the ammonia washed from the atmosphere by the rains. A supply of vegetable matter is essential in every kind of soil, as it keeps it porous and mollow, besides affording the necessary humus. It also prevents lands from baking under the hot sun, after heavy rain, and becoming impermeable to the air. According to LI. Emile Lovassour, the United Kingdom has the largest number of great cities of any country in the world, oex cluding China. The United Kingdom has no fewer than twenty-seven towns, each with a population of more than 100,000 in lhabitants. The population of these twenty seven towns amounts to 9,287,000 being about 26' per cent. of the wholo pop~ulation of theo kingdom. India has the next largest number, twenty-two, but the population of the twenty-two towns is only 4,50i,000, and the proportion to tho whole population of the Indian Empire is only n little over 1l per cent. Next comes the United States of America with twenty towns, having an aggregate population of 4,7t53,000. SaLtoei mrin elteve intheir luck, believea In clrn, cumstoccs : It was Eomebody's name, crhehappened to be there at the time, for it wras so then, nd another day it would bhvebeenotherwls5, Strongmcnbelieve in caue and cefect. Tro men-the tillz of the foil, the toiler for the bread of life--those are in their duty, be out of it who may. Thore two in all their derees I honour; all else is chaff and dust, which lIt thewindblow whither it listelh. Aseors of mind hs driven thousands to suciddo, ancuish of body, none. This proves that the health of the mind is of far more consequence to our hlppi n's then the hlath of the body, although both of them are deserving of much more attention than either of them receives. Vc should always disgust; nor Ehould the grace3 of gaiety or the dignity of courage be so united as to reconcile it to the mind, Whenever it appears it ahoald raise hatred by the malignity of its practices and the oainess of its ratrtgemso; for while it is sup parted by parts or spirit, it will be seldom heartily abhorred. A OEDICAL man comparC3 on old man to an old eaogon: with light leading and careful usage, it wilt laust for years, but one heavy load or sudden strain will break it and ruin it for cver. Manypeople reach the agoof fiftyor sixty or seventy measurably free from most of the pains and infirmities of o!d ngeo, cheery in heart and esound in health, ripe in wisldom and ex perience, withsympathics mellowed by age, and with reasnable prospects and opportunities for continued uoefulno?s in the world for a considerable time. Let such persons be thankful; but let them also be eae ful. An old constitution is like an old bone, broken with eCse, mended with difficulty. A young tree bends to the gae, an old one snaps and falls before the b!ast. A single hard lift, an hour of hbeating work, an vevning of eaxpeure to rain or damp, a tsvere chill, an excess of food, the usual indulgencidcs of an appetite or pesion, a sudden fit of anger, an improper dose of medicine-any of tbhese or other similar things may cut off a vluable life in an hour, and leave the fair hopes of usefulntes and enjoyment but a shapelesa wreck. A.CIi-NT CHRISToSovIEn -CSroars.-The mistletoe of the oak only was sacred to the Druids; but all mis tletoe is the same to us, so long as it has berrics. It is more tiban probable that the curative propertieo of the oak mistletoe caused it to be revered in the old DNruidical times, but the highest authorities informsus that the mistletoe which grows upon the lime, crab npple, pear, or any other tree is just as useful as a medicine, and cures epilepsy and other convulsivedis orders. There still renmain remnnts of this Druidian custom, it appears, for in parts of France the country people go round to the doors oftheinhabitants crying, Au Gti Pan ner:f, i.e., "To the mistletoe this new year"; nor isitthe only ancient custom still observed. " Going a-gooding " is yet to be heard of in Kent, and consists in women going from door to door for alms, in return for which they present their benefactors with evergreens for the decoration of their houses at the ensuing Christmostide, the "gooding" takingplace on St. Thomas'e Day. At Sewcastle-on- Tyne and other p!aces in the north we hear of "hagmenas," which appears to be carried on for three nights, the children going round carol-singing for gifts of fruit or money, or anything else they can get, and wishing a merry Christmas and a happy new year to all who help them; indeed there are few parts of England where this custom is not more or lets regarded, and chil drene voices are heard without our curtained win dow-panes, singing their "carols" with more or less harmony, the word, we are told in "Bournes' An tiquities of the Common People,r chapter xv., being doubtless derived from "cantere" (to sing) and "rota" (an interjection of joy); and this is the ancient practice called "hagmenna " in the days long gone by. \- A STRAŽG PI.osrTE Cosr.-There is a cartons object of interest in the Algiers Museum-?a ghastly pester cast of the Christian martyr Geronimo, writh ing in the agony of death. Tradition has for 300 years told the etory of the Moorish lad who, coming under the influence of Spanish missionary monks, bo came a Christian and a caint. He abjured the faith, it was said, for a brief moment under the pressure of bitter persecution and sarery, but returned with new zeal, and proved it in the end by a heroic and horrible death-that of being thrown alive, with his hands tied behind him, into a block of liquid concrete, which was nterwards built into the wall of one of the outlying forts near the city. Such is the tradition, cingularly and literally true in the minutest details, as was proved in 1553, when pant of a fort was demolished, and a block of concrete found containing the accurate impression of thewrithing body, face downward,with the hands tied with cords behind the back. The block itself was deposited with great honour in what used to be a Mfahometan mosque, but is now the Roman Catholic cathedral of the town. A GItL.--To be a gi;sle to be thbe happlest tate possible to humanity; but girls do not know it. They are alwaysa looking forward to something, wanting something-a diamond or a beau, flattery or new gowns. They rather envy women a little ahead of them, who have more self-possession, and are eome times jealous of some married woman who flirts and makes a dash. ' Pm only a young girl,' I heard one y the other day. Only a young girtl Oh, be glad of it; delight in it. Thank Heaven every mornlnog you are Etill a 0young girt. We cann0ot stop time. The years will slip through your fingers like the beads from a broken necklace after a while; but now they linger while you are still a girl-a girl in the home of parents yet in the prime of life, with young brothers and sisters for companions. There never willbo any. thing better than this in all the world. There are no skeletons in your closet, no ghosts in your reveries. Your future is all full of hope. You can fill in the distance as you like. You can fancy a lover coming to you who is perfect in all things ; and every young man is interesting, because he may possibly be the other half of your souL And every now girl may be the life-long friend and corfidanfe all girls hope for. AB for beauty, the idea of a girl of maventeen thinlking herself plain, as some do! In a few years she will look In the glass and see those fine horizontal lines on her forehead, on which Time scores down nur troubles, and at the corner of her eyebrows three little pencil marks, and a little fall in her check, and a mouth that does not smile as readily as it once did; not an old face yet, but not a girl's; and then she will realise what it was to have a girl's face. Oh I how few the years are! how they whirl away I Girlhood is gone so soon; but, while you have it, envy no woman her diamonds and laces, her carriage or her palace, her fortune or her admirers. While one is in one's teens nothing elseois necessary except to renlise the faet and thank H?eaven for it. A SCone IN UNDEanOmmn LONiONs.-We areO now in underground London, but at the foot of the stair case the darkness is to intense that it almost stupefies all the senses. Then, before we have had time to carry out Boss's suggestion, the door of the back cellar (euphemistically called the bach kitchen) un expectedly opens, revealing a scene which it wouldbe difficult to portray. It is not a large place; it might be 10 feet by 12, but it is certainly not more; and the top oftho room, for it has no ceiling, is so low that aeman of six feet could hardly stand upright in it. And yet there are about fifty boys and girls ofall ages, from sixteen or eighteen down to five or six, crowded together there at the present moment. In the middle of the room stands a small table at which sits an old crone who looks like one of the witches in '* Macbeth.' On the table before her burns a solitary candle, which throws out a flickering light, just enough to reveal tho ghastliness of the scene and the revolting features of its presiding genius. Between her dirty, fleshless hands the crone holds an inverted bat from which the boys and girls around her fish out in turns small folded pieces of paper, which they open ond look at with dismay and then fling away with a curse. Then when a little girl is declared to be the winner of the prize there is a general murmur of dis opproval, ard the word' cheating' is freely used, and there is much fierce excitement, for the lucky little girl appears to be the old woman's grandchild, and this is the third or fourth prize the has won to-night. With the cunning of a skilled tactician, however, old Mother Black manages to quell the rising indignation by producinga counter excitement. She brings out of her pocket a set of dice which she immediately begins to rattle in the dice bor, crying, 'Now then, my dears, here's another chance for you-who'll try their luck and win five bob's worth for threepence? Now then, my dears, who'll try ? who'll try ? Now's your time. Double fives wins, the others loses, ties plays over again. Prize, another walking stick three foot long, as thick as my arm, and all made of the beat sugar. Will cut up into a hundred pieces, each well worth a penny, and a hundred pence is eight and fourpencc. Now then, my dears, come and try your lck. Faint lheart never won a fair lady nor a hand some lover. Now then, twenty players only and tlhe game's on. Only twenty threepences and up goes the donkey !' Old Mother Blhck ovidently knows how to manage these poor children. The bait again takes. The passion for gambling is already so strongly developed in them that for the moment it overrules thlcir feelings of disappointment and resentment against the person who is cheating them out of their money. The rattling of the dies is like sweet music to their ears; it charms and fascinates them against their will. They eagerly crowd around the little table, and old Mother Black again reaps a rich harvest of pennies.- EnglqelIlltsifrcteld baiirgaz 