SUICIDE OF MB. JOSEPH DDPFBCT, A SAD OCCURRENCE. : : i 1 On. Friday, Sept 18, Mr. Joseph Daffett, t eon of Mr. J. O. Daffett, of the firpl Messrs. Daffett and Brown, solicitoft^Me^ bontne, committed suicide under vary i circumstances. Mr. Daffett, who is known in sporting circles, resided :at Sacf course-road, Caal field. _ _ _ j From the fallen information. whiSh hats now been given, it appears that Mr. Daffett arrived atUandtnoi 10\. 20 train en . ceeded to the stables ofMr. Charles Wiisoi,. coach proprietor, and asked 11 he cdnldhave a horse to go to Ferntnee Gully, ashawas going over there to meet some friends. Mr. Wilson had known Mr. Daffett for several yean, and thought he looked "a Ut^e qaeer." When told bo, Mr, Daffett said he had been np all night and' was not at all welL lie asked Mr. Wilson also if he knew where be' could get the loan of a breechloader. Mr. j Wilson did uotknow, bat suggested that he should try a Mr. Grimwade. Dhrlng this: nhpypraarion Mr, Dnffrt-A sMrnmvl very tOUCh j opt of aorta, and was ahivertqg with the cold,' apd Mr. Wilson advised him to go,to bed lor p white. Mr.' Daffett seems to bavOaecepted the suggestion, and rested for an hoar or two pt one of (hp hotels. Atsbout half-past 1 o'clock Mr.Duffett went to theiloyal Ilotel.and asked the barmaid if be could have a saddle horse to go about three miles out to his farm; Which is oo tbe Meiboorne side of Dande nonc The barmaid told him be could, and he pald her 7a. Ior the hire 91 the horse lor Bie afternoon.* He' had a glass of soda otsr, but left moat of.it on the counter, and Walked round to the Stables. Miss Farrell, the barmaid, says that she noticed nothing he went to the bade the groom saw bim Standing ouiaide the stable and. very iU,: The groom aaddledo bay mare, and Mr.Duffett mounted, taking with him the walking-stick he had been xarrytng. Before starting he iked the groom if he ooold find bim a piece ' g. The groom showed him a short piece ofbayband, about 2ft. in length, and Be said that would do,'and left the yard. Soon afterwardo—Mr. Duffest called at him a gun,. as be wanted to snoot a none tna had broken its thigh! Mr. Green cave him a doubla-barreUsagua,and ilr. Duffett aaked him to load- it for h^n. A couple/pf 2in. bullets were thfen cdatby Mr. Greeh ln tbe shop, pnd as it was necessity ^hat the first shot to. be,,fired '.at' the maimed horse Should be effectli'e.hepnt inafuH chargeof >wder, advising Mb Daffett'at the same dm notto£>utt&ec;*peo«jet, M other wise ft julanot ba aafe to carry the (gun <on horse ct Mr.DufFetttook theW^lpdged £2 ^h^Scai,' whiohiffidlmctty oppbaitato that L!b mind was bent upon the one absorbing idea. Mr. Dnffett rode as iar as Uren's Hotel, three miles from Dandenong, on the Berwick-road, staying there for the night He rose at about 8 o'clock next morn ing, but had no breakfast. lie told the man in the bar, named Jordan, that he was going to have a shot before breakfast It Is said that he also had a glass of brandy, bnt Jordan, who was not exa mined at the inquiry, ia foolishly reticent as to what passed between them. Mr. Dulfett walked off into the bnsh with his gun on his shoulder, and what took place afterwards has already been fully told. At a quarter to 11, nearly three hours afterwards, he was Been by Mr. Sawyers clinging to a gate at the rear of the hotel. He looked like a corpse, and was covered with blood, and a moment's inspection showed that he was terribly in jured. He muttered something about the gun going off, and Sawyers asked whether he should take him to Dandenong, or send for a doctor; He said, wearily, Ob, no; let me lie down," and placed his hand over his eyes. Help was immediately procured, the poor fellow was placed upon the bed he had slept in, and a messenger was sent to Dr. Moore, of Dandenong, who, when he arrived, saw a great gaping wound,. into which a hand could almost be thrust, and declared that recovery was impossible. The gun charge had entered the left aide, juet below the heart, and had passed out a little below the left shoulder-blade. The. blood was .still flowing freely; he was almost pulseless, and suffering-from oollapse. The doctor dressed the wounds, and -injected morphia and atrophine into the arm, which seemed to ease the sufferer. Dr. Moore, iti his evidence, continuedy—*'The deceased OBlced .me was his case .very serious, and I told him * Yes.' 1 asked which of his friends I should com municate with, end be said hiB father aqd mother lived in-Hawthorn, but-asked me not to telegraph to them, as he feared the shock they, would' suffer, I then left him., and telegraphed to his parents, stating . that he was severely injured by a gunshot wound. The wounds were caused by a ballet that had entered at the front and passed'out Of the back. In its coarse it must have, passed through the left lung, and hasalsodestroyed the pericardium. The bleeding from the lung cannot be con-1 trolled, and, no doubt; long after 1 dressed him the bleeding continued internally. The immediate cause of death was loss of blood. 1 noticed no sign or smell of drink about him." The means by which the deceased met his death were soon afterwards discovered by Mr. Sawyers and a constable, who searched the neighbourhood. In an unused hut, about a quarter of a mile from the hotel, the gun was found lying <m an old stretcher. Tne piece of haybana which Mr. Duffett got from the groom at the Royal Hotel was tied to the trigger, and from the trigger to the bedpost. There was blood on the floor, and a stone had been placed behind the door. How a mgn who was so badly injured could drag him self back through the bush to the hotel is a matter of great eurprise, and the suffering he endured from pain and loss of blood must have been intense. The -nnfortunate gentle man lingered on daring the afternoon. Mr. Wilson went from Dandenong to see him. Though terribly weak, be was quite conscious., and recognised bis friend when he entered the room. After a few minuteB* conversation | the sufferer turned to Mr. Wilson ogam. " What is Oculist byf' he said. Mr. Wilson told bim, " By Kingdom." -He said, " Is he a Kingdom T" and went off again to sleep. Oncer afterwards he rousedtrimself, and . and asked Mr. Wilson to'bee. that the mare was sent back, to Miss Mulligan, at the Royal Ho'teL Be continued to get weaker, and died about sundown.- The funeral took place at Dande nong on Sunday. Mr. Duffett was JB yean of age. He was unmarrigd, and was well;known in sporting circles, principally in connection with racing. Far seven or debt yems .be had trained hprses at Caulfleld, and run them under the assumed name of Mr. J. G. Reid. Hip prin cipal Bticceas was achieved two years ago with Grace Darling in the race, for the Coalfield Cm>, which she won, and the same mare sub sequently was beaten by a bead only for the Melbourne Onp won by Sheet Anchor. The Ghost and Gadfly, both winners' of the V.A.T.C. Ladies' Trophy, were | amongst .other* ,c£ his . winning horses. For some time past, however, Mr. Daffett'aj racing operations bare not been attended by success, ana several of his horses, including j Grace Darling, were recently sold by auc tion. 