€2 rape Sltot. Son rises 7 3., sets 4.57. Moon sets . 1,3 to-morrow morning, 2 9 Thursday, 3.16 Friday morning. Last day of May—Whit Tuesday. Lady Audley's Secret" to- nigbt at the Institute. Three weeks to the winter solstice. Ratepayers meeting to-morrow night in the Connoil Chamber. Ladies' Benevolent Society meets Thursday afternoon. Riflemen versus cricketers is the next match. Wheat op, Port Adelaide quotation 4s. 2d. per busbel. Received, with thanks, myall war club for editorial purposes, from Y-dl-m-lk-. Queer sort of improvement that express to Terowie will make In the journey to Port Augusta. Start 20 minutes earlier and arrive as at present. The Commissioner of Public Works says that everything is "experimental." The Adelaide shareholders in the National find that they have to knuckle down to the Melbourne directors. The Register thinks that the opening of the Jubilee Show on June 21 should be advertised in the other colonies. The Surveyor-General and the Government Geologist have published a geological map of South Australia; scale 40 miles to the inch. The M's.P. who have taken the promotion of South Australian industries in hand, have decided that the Government shall be asked to give a bounty on all fruit and wines exported by any company formed for that purpose, and with a subscribed capital of £50,000. The Adelaide Customs officers are not going to seize and quarantine Lord Tom's dogs ; and Lady Brassey returns the compliment by sending the Sunbeam's surplus etock of papers and magazines to the lighthouse keepers of the South Australian coast. TheYanyarrie ghost has moved down to Blackrock. It h not yet knocked up. The officers of No. 2 Volunteer district have resoluted in favour of a dark blue uniform with light blue facings. The Escaped Nun business is played out in Adelaide. Edith O'Gorman's farewell In the Y.M.O.A. Hall only drew 150 people together, though the entrance money WBB advertised to go to cbaritieB. _ However, the Orangemen presented Edith with a complimentary address. The Ostrich Farming Company's balance sheet stateBits assets at £16,454, liabilities £6,131 ; birds on the Port Augusta farm 415. The Governor gives a special " official" dinner on Accession Day, June 20. Our Government Geologist is recovering from the shaking he got in the Windsor collision. Mr J. H. Angus comes out for the Central District Council election ; and Mr Andrew Tennant is in the field for the Northern district. Tho S A.N.R.A. has decided to bold a Jubilee rifle meeting during the last week in August; £800 to be given in prizes. The Conservator of Forests wanted 100 sawyers ior Willowie last week, and only nine unemployeds offered. He will take Port Augustans. The railway receipts for April totalled £54,000. O'Brien's Canadian campaign seems to have done nothing but make the Marquis of Lansdowne more popular in the Dominion. M. Freycinet can't form a Cabinet without the bellicose Boulanger, and his inclusion would certainly bring the Ministerial team to grief at the double quick. Freycinet declines to impale himself on either horn of the dilemma, and retires from business as a Ministry-maker. Fifty six bodies have been taken out of the ruins of the Opera Comique, Paris. Victoria's population on April 1 eBti mated at 1,012,408. The architect of the annexes to the Melbourne Exhibition estimates their gross cost at £56,925. Henry Scott will move the adoption of the Address-in-Reply to the Governor's opening Speech in the Legislative Council Last week 970 tons of ore were treated at the Broken dill smelters ; result 240 tons of bullion containing 49,583 ozs. of silver. On Friday the Labor Bureau engaged 120 unemployeds at 3s. 6d. a day, tents, tools and rations found, for vermin destruction and rabbit-proof fencing on the Murray Flats. The men are to provide their own clothes, swags, kniveB, and forks. The Commandant has approved of a dark blue Bdrge uniform, with scarlet pipings aijd light blue facings, for the City Battalion V.F. The Teetulpa Quartz Reefing and Calcining Company windB up without having commenced operations. Penola declines to join Gambier in a Jubilee demonstration. It decideB stand on its own bottom and to present its juveniles with medals—pewter presum ably. The A.U.S.N. Co. intend to buy five new steamers and estebliBh a regular through service from Cooktown (Northern Queensland) to Adelaide. t t d p d t s g c M a o A Tasmanian football team has put the Melbourne University Club through handsomely, 6 goal to nil. Samoa and the Sandwich Islands have really made that federal treaty. The two groups are only about 4,000 miles apart. Public pound opened at Carrieton Thomas Conley, pound-keeper. Ann Hines, an inmate of the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum, strangled herself with eheet last week, fastening one end of it to a bed-post and twisting the other round her neck. Very large entries for the Barrier Range races. Mr Chesterfield's Rustic has won the Derby, Mr W. K. Hales' Holly the Oaks, and Mr T. Saunder's Mayflower the Rupert Stakes, at the V.C.C. meeting. The Adelaide banks will take half of our last 4 per cent loan at 2i per cent for twelve months. They are very obliging. The Victorian Government get percent for their loan money. Lot of Victorian " members" coming over to Adelaide next month to welcome Alf- Deakin back from the Imperial Conference, and to " do" our Jubilee Show. Of course they will be dead-headed both ways. The Chinese Imperial Commissioners to Australia have put up at the " Oriental" Hotel, Melbourne. The Governor'* aidede-camp met them at Spencer-street station, with some Chinese merchants to do the interpreting business ; a State carriage brought them through from Wodonga, and a Celestial guard of honor awaited them at Melbourne. Meeting of the S.A. branch of th l N V d b R.GS. of Australasia last Friday. Lord Tom was there, and made a long speech in proposing a vote of thanks to hi friend, the President, Sir Samuel Davenport. The "Adelaide footballers ~*aro starring it ID Victoria, and play Carlton, Fitzroy, St." Kilda, Ballarat, and Geelong. Th< y wi I also try conclusions with tho Tasnianinn team. The District Connci's Association has got a credit balance of £42 lis. 6d., and resolves to "blue" it—or Ppme-of-it—in a jubilee addreBB to tho Queen. This sort of thing is getting quite too monotonous. The Governor haB put" on an" extra aide-de-cajip—to do Jubilee Exhibition reception work, presumably. Rather queer way of getting Iev«l with an enemy seems to have been tried at Launceston, Tasmania. A Mr L. Wells is accused of sending a bottle of arsenicated champagne to the sick wife of a man with whom he had had a quarrel. She didn't take it ' The Sydney brewers kick againBt the beer tax, and declare that the Constitution Act of New South Wales does not authorise the imposition of such a tax. Two Sydney larrikins fined £5 each for knocking down, kicking, and biting a policeman at Bondi on the Queen's Birthday. e The betting on the Sydney and Melbourne boat race, pulled on the Parramatta last Saturday, was 6 to 5 on the Sydney eight; but the VicB. won easily in the best time on record. Amy Thomas & Co. have been sent up for 5 years at Sydney for their ingenious but unsucceBsful attempt to blackmail a Sydney doctor by a trumped up charge of criminal assault. The two European Autocrats are having a rather anxious time of it. On the average somebody tries to shoot or blow up the Czar once a month ; and now plots against the Sultan are being discovered. Bulli disaster Inquiry Commission still sitting. Fearfully long job they are making of it. Wonder if they are paid by the day. A Sydney alderman is going to move the Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain the City Council from spending £250 of rates in the illumination of the Town Hall on Accession day. The Mayor vows that it shall be illuminated, even if he has to pay the gas bill himself. Cooper's Creek, otherwise the Barcoo, was named by its discoverer (Captain Sturt) after the lately deceased Sir Daniel Cooper, then Chief Justice of South Australia. Merry Hampton woo the English Derby by four Inegths in 2min. 43secB. Archbishop Barry, of 8ydney, is now England, and laBt Sunday preached a Jubilee University sermon at Cambridge. The irrepresBtble Boulanger, that firebrand in French politics, declares that the French army is ready for action at a moment's notice. Just Napoleon III received exactly the same assurance from bis marshals before he took the field against Germany and met with bis fate at Sedan. A petition for the foundation of a University at Brisbane ie being got up in Queensland. Von Dousea's appeal to the Adelaide Local Court, against the Woodside verdict the Onkaparinga Totalizator case, has been dismissed with costs. Supreme Court appeal to be tried. New silver coin to be struck in commemoration of Her Majesty's Jubilee. It will be a four shilling piece. Stupid sort of coin. Our Government Geologist is still in the Alfred HoBpital, Melbourne, but is progressing towards recovery. The Tatiara Mail says that the South East has never seen a better season than he present. Mr E. G. Blackmore appointed Clerk of he Council, vice Mr F. C. Singleton, eceased. Mr F. Halcomb, Assistant erk of the Council, fills Mr Blackmore's lace. The Chief Secretary of Queensland eclines to release Shaw, the captain of kidnapping Bchooner Hopeful. He the " Hopeful" convicts are the worst of scoundrels under sentence in the New South Wales imports half a million cartridges. The typhoid epidemic in Victoria is alarming proportions. Average 20 deaths per wetk. The V.C.C. resolves that wickets shall be widened from 8 to 9 inches, that no valuable prizes shall be given to any players, and no pecuniary consideration to any but 6trictly professional players. The Wesleyan sympathisers in the Tongan group say that next time they try to BnufE out Shirley Baker they will patronize local industries and do the job with Tongan war-clubs, instead of trusting to wretched European firearms. The Parnellites of Melbourne, with Sir Bryan O'Loghlin at their head, mean to hold an open-air meeting to protest against the Crimes Bill. The A.R.C. completed its " Birthday" meeting at the Old Course last Saturday. Tamarnack won the HurdleB by ten lengths from Topthorne ; Satyr was outweighted (lOst.) in the Park Handicap and only seenred third place, Arrow coming in first and Merry Soul second. Dora (125 yards behind scratch) won the Handicap Distance Trot by 40 lengths; Hyperna had an easy win in the Steeple ; and Converse appropriated the Final Flutter. We Bhall have the counterpart of Jules Verne's Nautilus in Australian waters ere Sir JameB Lorimer lias inspected m submarine boat, and now n will want to buy it right away. n The South Australian Company have a 10 per cent dividend and a m of 5 per cent. Shipments of Australian wheat, which reached London in February, have been sold at 48. 9d. per bushel. The farmerB along the Beetaloo water main track strongly object to be rated for their water at sixpence an acre. New Zealand has got a Ministerial crisis on. The Budget has been rejected by majority of 4, and a dissolution iB to take place. The Anglo Australian Steamship Company's steamer Port Adelaide, arrived at the Semaphore last Saturday. She would have gone up the Port River, but for a supplementary charge for freight which would in that case have been made to the consignees. New sort of larceny committed at Stirling West. Two young fellows arrested for stealing bee-hives. Thomas Henry Jones, of Riverton, medicated 6ome of his breakfast bread and butter with strychnine last Saturday morning, with intent to destroy mice. Being rather absent-minded he then ate the bait. A doctor and an emetic were promptly sent for, and now Thomas Henry is said to be out of danger. The Moonta and Saddleworth chess Clubs have played a telegraphic match, six nun a side. Saddleworth won by 4 games to 6, but Fuss and Phillips of e Moonta landed their games. Alphabetical Johnson of Onkaparinga is bas inspected tho King's Bluff gold-field, and pronounced it good. The diggers will aow proceed to get ao 02. to the load. 