1 ' 4 PARLIAMENTARY KOTES. BY CKNSOII. The LEfiist.ATivR Asrsmbly, , Joruis\li'n), my goldou homor Mr tAox mw nMy. negotiated tlio umv year foaliviliM nral, resplmulent m the fnmiUiU' whitn vent— whiter than usual -was there nmro beaming ponipn-lookmg than ever. J. he 11 cm so nnd to consulur a (picstitn clear ta the children of Israel— cno of money. Money, or other itt'oplu'rf money, rhbulil Iv) caufnlly Immlled if ironblo i to ha nvoukxl; but when Parliament (iesirea D> \i g.jf.erou to it own members tho game ofgive or grab HMirtouuiletl with an amount of unouuinty thntbavjrsof dodgery. The motion to cn into Committee lo consider the arant of 1j4000 to the Sp-mker .set tho ball in motion, nnd (he inu.de was filaved up to a lively turns The Government Whips >-:;id tho numbei wore » xiP, but tho oDponcnl-s ol the Govemmeut pto- jKisal wero ixsvly to iirht, even if they were in nuiiuoilty of t-even. Tno niajmily was one that might t»ossiblv dissolve, ra> the mutter was JlOt idl- iwed to jjo hy default. IIow will the Ministerial Corner po ? was a Question freCuently put to " Cen-or" dur MR the p.u>t w.'ilc, t> which that- tnythieal ir-on rvidivd by emiuuitiff, ' What imluccmentK imv«. been held out to them io go jiitrav ?" Icir Hb.<ito threw n.httU' Jight'oji th«i m\joct liy smmuuiciug that he would support a piopj.-al to give Mr i.-dor leave of aWmco. lfe umnted to Iniow jf an amendinent could bu mnved iu committci. Here was oil (Kucalvptus) on tlio troubled waters with a vengeance. Tui brought up tlm header of the Opposi tion, who had a union that if there was to Ik- an amendment Tom Bent ought to move it. Why, all other motions had been lientim hy three to one, and now tho Government only claimed n majority of seven, so that woa not suoh a terriule lickmg as ho need to In) afraid of. It would be victory ccn-par-'d with previous defeats. He uiox ed, as an amendment, that leave of ab.senco be granted to tho Sjieaker during the pleasure ot Parliament. Tliii gave tho Premier an ojHming. nnd he pointed out how much nicer it would l»e to go into Committee, when everyone could iq»cnk Xhice or four times. Of course he did not .pay zuiyheed to tho Rsnal Ministerial prncticeof getting matters worked ihiough with as little diensdon as |>ossible. Tim Government fv&nted;, liowever, ro get the first portion of Ihch- moii-rn carried. Tlie House re generally full of gfliicrnsity, excluimed Mr Gillies, wiiocoiiddeicci thcpfio iitioh to the Ministerial uropwiUon to denote Unciiaritablcneaa. Tho llousc i« generally too jgtiu.Tiius to itself, but it was not every one thut could treat tho piopusition a the outcome ti generou impulse, Mr Gilliex laid great strm ou llic point that tho Speaker had said ho would accept a lump bom : but nliitr members doubted thai the SjicaKer was so anxious to divcat himself of his 4ion«irable position. Mr Patterson then lashed out, and pointed out that L4000 would only give an income of L'J-lO a year. Now, nt thU rate, if Mr Lnlor tins to givo a certain hunondilo member L1000 ho would only liavo LltfO a year to himself, provided ho not only resigned tho 8pea;er>hip, but also his seat iu Parliament. It is-thought, however, Mr Lalor will still con tinue to represent Grant iu tho Legislative Assembly. Tho member for Casthunuino thought that tnoro consideration was boing shown for the Speaker' successor than for (ho Speaker him- irolf. It .seemed to Mr Patterson f.iaUhoH|>oakcT WUibeiHgforcedfromtiicchatr.ftndreftUvdidnot want to go, tho argument being that if lie did ,wanl to go tho Sneaker would h&vo; rebigucd, Und left lib case with the House. Tf Mr Patterson supplied the rocket.) Mi MTntyro brought on bonthcA nnd ( bottomlci-s It of burning brimstone, in which he wuh rejwrcd to hurl the Ministry bofcro (heir me. As a mild ulart bo irently fttcd tho Government wcro getting rid 'of tlie Speaker to muko room f>r a colleamie. ThU was bad enough, but jtlie .member for Maldon said no one tfhnufd buy Aueh aj>o5ition. Then cam o ctieaof "Shamel" led oft by tho Chief Secretary, and Mr M'Intvre replied, "Of course, it i a hhnme." Mr Gauuson said he didn't enro wlio gut the Speakt-rahip, even If ho wm the biggest foul in 'the House. Tlio member for South Melbourne thought the Chairman of CommiltcQu, Mr Cooper, was being shunted becauso he did not have fo lung a puree u the Ministerial candidate. Mr A. T. Clark supported the Government Mr Clnrlc' reason for supporting the vote w.ih hat the freedom enjoyed hy tho people of this country was due to the Speaker. Tim members njwko ail round. Those who (lmd been Mr Lalor's grcatost enemies were npw his warmest fiiend, and tho most .(tfixious to bustle him out of his high and honorable position in favor of eome one. Whereas they had formerly referred to Mr Lalor as a daugmvu than end an outlaw, he was now thu noble friend o' freedom, and tho man who com- jhanded their respect al>ove aU other. Ho was d chivalrous man, and this was tlie strongest tfrfrumettk uxed to show that hl-i day as a pult- ticutn hod gonu by. Chivalry end modern politic eau be no more associated than Crc and trarer, MrJLar.gridgA-st»t£d_ithftSJhaJhttPw._ntJu4. wrwniil Ifnowldtra that the NiwAkor' Immediate necessities were influencing him to accept the proposal of thu Governmuut,' Thus is the veteran taken at a dls&dvautago;, and forced to capitulate on the terms offered. .Mr Langririge suggested that tlie Shaker fhould have leave and the amount of the Serbian's 'qYnolutnc-ittB in advance to euable him to go Away for a holiday. The Attorney-General informed the I rouse .that the Bill was drafted in a way to secure the grant for Mr Lalor himself. Tho member for Atnrat naturally imposed ;the grant, as he aims &c; succeeding Mr Cooper M Ohnirnian of Committons. "It is inonoy works tho world, nnd with money Satan attempted to buy the Holy Ghost," waioneof Mr M'L'dlan's remarks sup- posed to bear upon the question of granting tlie Speaker a rctinng nllo#aneri. " \Ve work for money from the cradle to tho grave, ami pume people gel moro than r.ther becnusr; tlu-r posses tlio faculty of gravelling in the dirt to obtain it" was on tbo Dovo of Ararat's assertion. The member for Ararat does not think tlioro would bo auy difficulty in temporarily filling tho cuair if they gave the S>eaker leave of absence. There fx come- thing in the Royal Park, nays Mae, thnfc with a little training could Gil the chair In a very satisfactory manner. Mr M'Lean got into troubled waters. Mr Beut naked M'Lean to call him A liar, but the member for North Gippdland wouldn't accept tho challenge although he thought the leader of tho Op|K>i tion was mistaken as to hi ficto. The great stock salesman would up with hU time- honored exclamation, " Is thU juxtioo, Idr Speaker: is It even a decent carricaturo ujion justice?" Mr Tuthill said that as (ho S|>cak«r was a chlvalrou character ho would not of his own frco will give up L1500 a year ami tqke L4000 of Goverumont money .to defraud hU creditors as hod. Ho 'considered the Speaker's communication was tho letter of n chivalrous man, and tho reading of it was that he would ouly accept leave if vcted him by tho House. Mr Tuthill then took off his coat and went for tho Munro, whom he cliar&ctensed; oa a cnira in a glass house. This was a mild way of beginning. He accused Mr Munro of having nn interest # in the grant, and . wanted to know if It was Into that : while they had a precedent for granting tho Bpoaker L300, the present amount wam 1,4000, through the member fur Geelong being tho Spanker's creditor. Mr Munro scarcely -nxpected this onslarught, but ho had sufficient breath left to deny tho accusation, Mr Tuthill Herniated, however, that this was Mr Munro' reason for supporting the Governueut pronoun!. Dr Quick characterised tho wholo action of the Government as indecent, and accused Ministers of touting. This the Chief Secretary denied with |m much forco as if ho know nothing about it. , Tho llouKn then divided nnd Mr Bent's amendment was lost, tho original motion being carried by 42 to 28, or by a larger majority than tho Government expected. ' While thu division was being taken Dr. L. L. Smith and Mr Shocks!!, who woco tellers io? the nous, had a fall out, ami thu member for Rodney called tlio Doctor impertinent. L, L. ran back to scat where ho roso several times in ins endeavors to catch tho Speaker's oyo. "Mr Speaker, he called mo unporti- oentl" The NDootor, however, wab speaking without bis hat, contrary to tno rules of division timo, bo be grabbed ono two sizes too largo, nnd div ing into, agaiu roads his complaint. "Order, braci', called the Speaker, but tho member for Morning Um was not satisfied. Ho sat quiet for a moment, and then exclaimed. V I'd bleed hU nose; tliat's what I'll do!" Oil, Doctor, you niftii of blood. Tho Uireat, boweyer, was not carried into effect. Some stonewalling tlion began. Mr Tucker moved tbo adjournment of the dobato, which was negatived by 51 to 19, and then Mr Bent roplied by moving the adjournment of tho House. Mr Bent said he wished the Speaker well, and was proposed to do the bust for him. Ho stated that when Minister cf Rail ways he met an ex-Minister of the Or&wit; walking about barefooted; but tio helped tlm man and did not pass him by as fiomo of thoaetapijorting tho grant would have done. The lender of the Opposition withdrew hi« motion an ;hu uodsratanding that tlioy should ouly go iato committee pro forma. Tins was douc, aud tlie House roso At 7 minutes to 12 o'clock, . 