THE CLERMONT CLUB. TO THE EDITOR OF THE CAPRICORMAX. Sir, — As a member oE the Clennont licensed Victuallers' Association, will yon kindly allow me space to reply to a letter which appeared in yours of August 29th last, above the signa ture : ' A. W. Cameron. By order of the committee of the Clennont Club ?' In tbe first place I think that the matter being entirely local, shonld never have ap peared in your paper at alt What is Rock h&mpton; to us, that the columns of its papers should be used to discuss matters connected with ' the Clcrmont Club,' an establishment about which editors and readers of those papers can know nothing! and care less. If certain individuals were so troubled by the itch for scribbling, that they must rush into print and air their opinions about a subject, which, to all intents and pur poses, is a purely Drummond-street one, and at the best a Dot very important, then they should have written to the Urummond etreet paper. If dirty linen is to be washed, wash it at home, and do not call all Cen tral Queensland to be tbe B{-ectators of a controversy between an nnknown scribbler, and such an intelligent and highly respectable body as ' the Clennont Club?1 Considering how important that body is, composed of ' all the men of standing,' too, I should have thought it would have had better sense than to loner itself to that In speaking of Mr. Cameron's letter in future, I intend to call it the *' Club's letter,' because it purports to be written *' by order of the Committee of the ClermontClah.' It is written in answer to a letter signed ' No Shanty,' which appeared in the BuUrtin of August 24. With this letter we have nothing to do. We do not know who 'No Shanty' is, bat we are cei tain that be is not a member of our Association. This the Club can easily prove by writing to the Bulletin. And we also emphatically deny ' No Shanty' wrote at the instigation of any member of our Asso ciation. The Club's letter says 'NoShanty's' letter should not have been inserted without some inquiry as to the truth of the statements, &c; Surely the editor of the Bulletin has not some thin si to learn from ' the Clennont Club.' He knows who ' No Shanty ' is, anc no doubt took his word in the same goot faith that he took the word of the Club, and by publishing the letters showed that he thought both equally entitle! to credence The Club's letter says, ' Until the beginning of the present year no Club existed in Cler mont ;' and I say now that no Club exists in Clennont, and so will say anyone who knows the Clennont Club and can read the Licensing Act upnn which the Club is evidently such an authority, or at least the writer of the Club'B tetter is. This gentleman, as is well known in Clennont is quite a ' new chum here, who has attempted tobecomean authority in thisplaceoneverysubjectfrom the Land Tax down to slow poisoning, of which latter, I believe, he knows a little. This writer goes ou to say that through there being no Club in Clermont it was impossible to get a glass of even decent liquor in the town. This, eir, is what we principally wished to write you abt'Ut, for it is u statement of the most slanderous description In our houses now, now only decent, bat good liquor is told, and was sold long before the Club or its founders were heard of in Clermont. Clermoot has been a town for considerably more tban twenty years now, and licensed victuallers have aold liquor in it. Why then, was not a club started before? In the times gone by, when there were gentlemen, und men of stand ing in the district, tbe liquor sold by tbe licensed victuallers was good enough for them, and they required no club. No, sir, as an Association we wish to give the lie direct to that statement in the Llub's letter. Why was the Club started at all ? Was it not originally intended to have made it a sort of . private billiard room, when: billiards and cards would be played without molestation j all the night through ? Was not the resolu- j tion to change the coostitutiou of it, and allow liquor to be sold by the Club, only carried some time after it was in existence, and by one vote only ? { The Club's letter then goes on and insinuates i that it was the licensed victuallers who were | reeponaiblrfor the entry of Benson and $chultz.si This, too, we wish to most emphatically deny, and to point to the published evidence of the inquiry into that affair to prove our contention. The members of the Club have imagined they are doing the licensed vic tuallers of Clermont a lot of harm. Judging from what they would do in a similar case they also imagined the licensed victual'ers were going to do this, that, and the other thing to them. They impute to others the base motives that would actuate themselves. They raised up a bogie, and like children, are letting it frighten them. Ihe result Of the late Turf Club meeting here ought to have shown them that the bogie, at whose sight they are whimpering, is entirely of their own creation. Why do they so constantly refer to tbe enmity one licensed victualler here is supposed to show them ? and if he be their enemv whv iuclude the rest of licensed victuallers as their enemies? Let him and them fight it out between themselves ; he at least is only too well able to take bis own part even as a man of standing, but do not make enemies of the rest of as. It is only the old fable over again : ' The frog jealous of the size of the bull.' The reference to boycotting is but one phase 'the Clermont Club,' ghost, skeleton, or bogie, takes in the affrighted minds of some of the members. As a matter of fact, the large majority of the Club members are bat slightly interested in this dispute. They look on the Committee fight ing an enemy which exists only in their own imagination, and feel over and over how applicable is the quotation : ' What fools these mortals be.' We quite agree with the Club's letter that ' the administration of the last Licensing Act is, bo far as Clermont is concerned, a complete farce ;n and the best proof of the truth of this statement, is the existence of ' the Clermout Clnb ' (so-called). In conclusion, sir, I ask you to allow us to place it on record, not only that we have re trained from attacking ' the Clermont Club ' but we have endured a number of attacks and blunders before we even thought them worthy of & reply.' Yours &c;, A MEMBER OF THE CLEBMONT L.V.A. 