EXCOMMUNICATION BY THE POPE. TEXT OF THE BULL AGAINST DR. . , M'GLYNN, P.P. . . . The Philadelphia Evening Item says The bull of excommunication which, has been issued against Dr. Edward M'Glynn, the late pastorof St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Ohurcli ..New York, is given here below, it is the usual naual document :-r- « , By. the authority, of God' Almighty, the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of the undefiled Virgin Mary, mother and patroness of our Saviour, and of all the celestial virtues, - angels, archangels, thrones, dominions,' powers, cherubim, seraphim, and of all the holy patriarchs, prophets, and of all the apostles and evangelists, ana of the holy innocents who in the sight of the Holy Lamb are found worthy to Bing the new song of the holy virgins, and of all the saints together, with the holy and elect of God, we excommuni cate and ANATHEMATISE THIS MALEFACTOR, Edward M'Glynn ; and from the thresholds of the holy Church of God Almighty we sequester him, that he may be tormented, disposed, and delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, and with those who say unto the Lord God, " Depart from us, we desire none of Thy ways and as fire is quenched with water, so let the light of him be put out for evermore, unless he shall repent " and make satisfaction." Amen. May the Father, who created man, curse him ! May the Son, who suffered for us, curse him ! May the Holy Ghost, who was given to us in baptism," curse him 1 May the holy cross, which Christ, for our salvation, triumphing over His enemies, as cended, curse him 1 May the holy and eternal Virgin Mary, mother of God, curse him 1 May all the angels and archangels, princi palities and powers, and all the heavenly armies, curse him ! May the praiseworthy multitude of patri archs and prophets, curse him ! May St. John the Precursor, and St. John the Baptist, and St. Peter, and St., Paul, and St. Andrew, and all other Christ's apoBtles, together curse him 1 And may the rest of His disciples and four evangelists, who by their preaching converted the- universal word, and may the holy and wonderful company of martyrs and confessors, who by their holy works are found pleasing to God Almighty, curse him ! May the holy choir of the holy virginB, who for the honour of Christ bavo despised the thingB of the world, curse him ! May all the saints who, from the beginning of the world to overlnsting ages, are found to be beloved of God, curse him ! May the heavens, the earth, and all the holy things remaining therein, curse him ! May he be cursed wherever he be — whether in the house or the stables, the garden, or the field, or the highway, or in tho path, or in the wood, or in the water, or in the church ! May he be cursed in living, in dying, in eating and drinking, in being hungry, in being thirsty, in fasting, in sleep ing, in slumbering, in waking, in walking, in standing, in sitting, in lying, in working, in resting, and in blood-letting ! May he be cursed in all the faculties of hiB body 1 May he be cursed inwardly and outwardly ! May he be cursed in the hair of his headl May he be cursed in his brains, and in his vertex, in his temples, in his forehead, in hiB earn, in his eye-brows, in his cheeks, in his jaw bone, in his nostrils, in his foreteeth and grinders, in hiB lips, in his throat, in his shoulders, in. bis wrists, in his arms,, in his - hands, in his fingers, in, his mouth, in his breast, in his heart, and purtenance, and in IIIS BOTTOMEST STOMACH ;; in his roinB, and in his groin, in his. thighs, in hiB—T— , and in his hips, and in his knees, his IegB and feet, and toe nails!. May he be cursed in all the joints and articulations of his members, from .the top of his head to the soul of his foot ! May there be no soundness in him ! May the Son of the Living God, with all the glory of His Majesty, ! curse him ! And may heaven, with all the powers that move therein, rise up against him, and damn him, unless he repent and make satisfaction ! : Amen ! So be it! — so be it! Amen! 