The Trapezist's "Mask." . FRO THE FRoEIcn OF A. StLvSTRE. She was a wonderfully handsome English woman, with abundant golden hair of which tint nor dye can give the match, and, as she was posed tellingly in her royal blue landau, drawn by a pair of horses more valuable than two-thirds of theriding animals passing her, nobody could have suspected sho had been an acrobatic performer. Nevertheless (savs my friend Jacques, the know-all), Mrs. Cowley (Cowley and Lamb, iron-mill owners of Mnid dlesbrough) was originally the foremost trapeze performer in all creation, to quote the pro grammes. ~5one but those weho saw her in the tights can understand the cunning perfection to which intelligent training can raise the femi nine figure. Out of ancient Greek marble farms come stalking, but out of Athletica beauties of white steel leap triumphant. There is no muscular exaggeration in the supple, strong frame, elastic after the utmost violence or most abrupt recoil, moving as pre cisely as an automaton. The hands seemed rather a girl's than a woman's at the ends of faultless arms. The lower limbs beat any of the famous Diana's in ancient sculpture. Another marvel still were the shoulders of "MIiss Tirera Bold," rosy with amber gloss, upon which cascaded a regular waterfall of golden tresses. Her master was klown as her "Uncle" Zachary Boaston, a grave, thoughtful, stiff and tactiturn man, always in black, like a minister, and given to no weakness savre a heavilyfur-trimmed ulster in winter. Hehad, though, been the celebrated "France-Dutch Jester" in other days, and could make himself understood in nearly every city good for a pay ing house throughout the world. He had picked up La Tigrera in Mexico when quite young, with nobodyp elonging to her within rifle range, and had fashioned her into a .Champion Gymnasiarchiste, still quoting his psters. The outiders' notion of acrobats being liter ally "licked cubs" was shown to be stuff by Tigrera not having a scratch orblemish ordent on her body; in fact, she ran a great deal more rink of being spoilt by his humoring her whims for dainties. He was only her manager asd second now, never clowning on or off the stage, and would trust no one to "send" her the trolee to which she was to make from another "the As tounding Transit Aerian from Bar to Bar." He also deigned, with an ease which amazed the stage servants in one so quiet, to hurry up the ponderous paraphernalia of articles with w"hich she executed her "diverse feats of prowrees and elegant strength." ' Thus Uncle Each and hi; so-called niece ap peared, announced'by costly bills on the dead alls and by real works of art in the windows ; hills only less costly than their theatre direc tom hmadto pay for the biggest draw in Europe. But what contributed no little to augment public curiosity around the attractive Star of Midair was a yarn that the terms of her con tract forbade her entering matrimonial bonds til she attained her thirtieth year. She had been advertised at eighteen, "scant," these firve years,. by the way. At all events, the noble swells of London, the Jockey-clubbists of Paris the dons, Bourse-kings. Russaian prines, the Australian wool binge, retired South Sea kidnappers, New Zealand mutton- magnates and everybody else, to the shop-boy in the gal lery who fancied she had looked him kind of kindl in the eye as she put up her hair oo quettishly and coolly on reaching her elevation -all tried their bet and their worst. And she continued to answer no notes, accept no pre sents that entailed consequences, and con tinued to smile all round the circle with piti less grace But the knowing ones guessed that Cupid as busy about so lovely a being. He piped a solo when the band was hushed like the house in that dread moment when Uncle Zachary would solemnlycry "Go!" The little rogue in a asut of wings,'fqniver and bow ha lanced himself on the bars and smilingly held out his arms when he did this trick of pretend ingto mi her catch. " There was no room for a sboaing-school miss romantic longings in a person whose animalistic tendencies were cul tivated above those immortally artistic. Boss. ton wanted her to be contest with piling up her bank account, swelling her courier's bag with jewellery to burstlng, and enjoying the reas offineliring. She micht have a team of unicorns to drive in a faithful production of Phaeton's car, but a lover-no, sir! Besides, she made such ahungle of itby fall ing in love madly, genuinely, passionately, with the last man that her guardian would have approved. One of his own trade, too Tom caris, "the Son of Momus," a toll, strong, bull-necked, plain-faced clown. Not Selown of the good old.ort, to which Boaston had beenproved to belong, nd' was proud to recall among old circus-men, but the modem terror-the athlete who jumps higher, shouts louder, strikes the supers harder and oftener, kicks harder, and altogether substituted force for comicality. "He's got into the wrong ring," was Mr. Boaston'a criticism on him; "he ought to have step ied into the P.R." He would have been as dumbfounded to learn that his"treasure of beauty had a fancy for that burly satyr, as the ladies and gentlemen of Olympus whenthe Court Circular reported. on the best authority, that "an alliance had been arranged between Jiss Venus, daughter of Oceanus, and Mr. Vulcan, plroprietor of the Cyclopa Imnwor ks." Tigrera was so jealons of M?r. Mlavis that she even exercised the full:of her wits to have Un cle Each engage him to travel round with them, under the pretext that he, llason, was so preternaturally stern and solemn that a cemique would relievethe show. In fact if inavis had only reciprocated her setting her cap at him and not been glaringly devoted to the fair e without: any nice discrimmation, he milht k. relieved the show indeed- and or its sole attraction. Well, as things stood thus,:the World's De light came back to London. There is an accursed!slst in a leading West o "..^e--, hfare where hanings were rcom The followr, how hases bn tried there, End gp- - D The sucreio and men of yore- Eve, ý "dTe als fT o -er ionf" and nothing last. long.'-'efrnshi-" like a erpries appeang and m sc..t.n. eide of the talp.ter d ofSh thongn. Scre Diora??n? trained or, Converted Paysia-?, drinks, e nami7an ý mýes, tem.peranc c . dka by jati the cold dam. brt hiafrican diaunond .?"$,ýý, _ me cynosure in the constellation of popular favorites was Miss Bold. "She fetched a crowd, anyhow," as her manager said. The wonted hundred applauded the beaute ous human comet, shooting among the galaxy of gas-jets and Brush-lights. The men ceased nmoking in admiration, while the cigarette vapor wsee thrilled by the voluestuous rmana tious of that flowing Golden Fleece and pink, geld-broidered boots e?o, the charming acrobat was to exhibit her strength of jaw. She grcefully let herself elide head down, her fest sinuously twined in the side ropes, and hung from the bar, sus taining, by a cord, a shining four-pounder. Calm and smiling mechanically, while awasit tug the accurately-timed closkworh in the breach to discharae the piece, Tierera sureyed the multitude around her and beneath her in verted eyes. The stillness was oppressive to -llh~tih-e heroine of the occasion. glass of a Pepper Ghost Illusion, and, hence, reflecting what tooe place at a lower level, the gymnn.u?t espied the stalwart Maris on the stage, into whose babboon face, spite of it, blue, enlarged month, eyes oidewise prolonged waith black, and three-branched wig, a young, thin and infatuate ballet girl (ready to come on in the neat item of thl programme, but with no \- bsineas there) was gazing enthralled. "The traitor," she gasped. Her teeth, therefore, parted, and, just as the cannon belched forth fireand thunder, with the w.ish that the wad would remove Mlomus' Son forever, and make the danseuse a verituale .lyrosc a-tip~toe to behold the gory reash. : On toe sgos of the balconies they were jammed SLucsily, as is pretty nal, the people directly below the net, marking the line of the trapeze : flight, had retired to the sides from pradence and to hare a better siew. So the ordnance simply cut through the meshes like a bee through a web, and crashed into the floor. Ost of' the gap arose a second series of screams and many oaths, and Tigrera saw from bar perch, in this hole lit up by gas, a black figure appar ently smashed flat as a silhouette in paper. Alas ! the cannon released might have killed a dozen Mavises, and. eke, Bonotons, or even one or two diamond dealers. But the victim was a veritable phnrix, the ultra-wealthy and unco' pious Mr. Cowley, whose London land investments alone outbalance the Queen's at Coutt's. The proprietor had expended a fund of scheming to get that immaculate magnate to enter secretly that abode of glitter and gaiety. And now that hanged woman had squelched the capitalist, all but ensnared, with her hanged cannon ! Nevertheless, the incident did not get out with destructive details in the press. In fact, Bosston had been induced by the diamond mer chant to " put it to Miss Bold straight." If she, in person appealing, could not witch the unfortunate Mr. Cowley to forgive them his smashed toe, the Tyburnia Fantasias was doomed. Tigrers put on black, her seal mantle of in calculable price, carried her lace landkerchief (an imperial A?strian present) to lier eyes, wore vee- little but solid jewelry, and bribed her way into Mr. Cowley's presence. She came to be seen and conquer. They were marri?d by special license, and were soon on a continental tour. As for Tom Macis, he inspired no feel ing but scorn and hatred. And as for Uncle Zach, he is looking around for another model of female perfection, to train up in the way it should go. 