" What made you so late home from church, Fritz 1"" Why, mamma, they took up an awful long while passing round a pre scription paper for something." Many a young man in the present day pre fers to go into a sweepstake, to a rump steak, going into him; and the former frequently sweeps away all chance of the latter. Mrs. Rumfoozlum thinks that railways must be very fishy concerns, for they seem to be nearly all lines, while at the stations people are always catching trains, or colds, orsomething. Women, although addicted to extremes themselves; are averse to them in others. If a husband is jealous, he is a hot-headed brute, and if he is not jealous, he is a cold-hearted monster. Wany is the tongue of your dear little wifey. pifey like an echo l-Why, because, you know (and you ought to know it, too I), it is always heard, never seen, and invariably has the last word. Why should very matrimonially-inclined' young ladies, when they go to the theatre, always take care to be in their seats before the rise of the .curtain l-The answer is obvious :-Because they then have the chance of an overture. Householder-" What's this ?-E5 for that job I Why, it was done for £2 last year." Plumber-" Yes, but think of the increased cost of living." "I have noticed no in. crease." "You haven't Why, it isn't a week since there was an advance of 20 per cent. In the price of silk coats." Someone has suggested that if the in ventor of the phonograph would bring out a: little machine to be attached to the front door, which would say, when the landlord called for the rent, " Come again next month," it would have a good sale. So it would; and if he wanted a name for it, he might call it the Postponograph. A German astronomer nas recently dis covered " a new crater in the moon." We are glad to hear this on account of the man. who has been so long the solitary resident of this popular luminary, But he does not give us the sex of tnu new crater. We would not come'it to strong, but how we should like to mertyer (meteor) I A means has at last been invented to make money go a long way. It is simply the 100o ton gun, which will fire five pounds' worth of iron six miles and a half in fifty seconds. If that is not making money go a long way, perhaps some one will say what is. Contributor--"lI called to see why my article on the ' Fall of the Leaf' was not used." Editor-" It was used, my dear sir. I found it very useful." "I saw nothing of it in your paper." "In the paper I 0, cer taInly not. i started the fire with it last night." A young lady, who was sought by two lovers who hated each other cordilly, said to one of them one day: "0, Fred, just ipok at this sweet little puppy that Will has just sent mel VWasn't he kindi" "Yes," growled Fred, scowling at the puppy, " it's just like him I" The worst should not be thought of Lady: Colin Campbell, She has net yet announced her intention of going on the stage. SOMEBODY. Somebody will see somebody to-night Down by the rustic stile, For the moon, O it will be out of sight, ?."' And somebody can spoon awhile. Somebody's eyes are sparkling now With the thought of bliss at hand; Somebody's thinking of what and how, And the fortune he may land. Somebody's coming with rapid pace ; They meet, to their promise true, And somebody's arm gets out of place, . And somebody's lips do, too. Somebody stops from a bush near by, In somebody's hand is a bar, Somebody yells, as he turns to fly, " By th ghost of OCssar I it's pa 1" ' 