Australian Tales and Adventures. No. 17. FIFTY LASHES. OHAPTJCR I. . By ATHA. A (all summer moon overhead, casting bars of soit sheen athwart the trees in tba public Domain, Auckland, New Zealand. _ On a rustic boncV, beneath tho wide-ppiend- ing branches of a giant Kauri pine, satabalf oaste Maori girl, and by ber side a tall hand some youth, wearing the dark-blue uniform of Caversham's Horse. No Spanish beauty could boast a more glorious beauty of faco and form than Kiora Selby. Her mother—daughter of tho old Maori Chieftain, Te Puke, fell in love, and married ono Tom Belby, a sergeant in the 6—th regiment, and with her hand came many broad acres in the moat fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon converted into a good payable rstate. While Kiora waa yet a child her mother died, where upon Tom Selby bought n snug villa outside the city, and sent his daughter to a boarding sohool until she became old enough to take charge of his household. " And so you are going to morrow, Charlie 1" she asks timidly, at the same time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands, " Must it really be to-morrow ?" "Iteally and truly, Kiora," he answered. " The horees were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to-morrow at daylight." " How dreadful this war is," bho oaya in a low tone. " Ah, dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly and sec those mad fanatics, the rebels, murder and plunder inno cent people. Since Bcwi was driven out of Waikato, the Government have done nil in their power to induce the diesatii/ied Maoris to lay down their arms, and live at peace with their Fakeha neighbours, but you see it is of no avail. Tipore and his crazy brother have roused the Tarans&i; tribes to open re bellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one Charles Stanton from enjoying hie Christmas dinner under the same root as Kiora Selby." ??> "Dear Charlie, no ono can regret that mis fortune more than poor Kiora," she answers softly. Charliei laughs lightly, then stoops down ward until his mouetaohe reaohes Kiora's ripe red lips, end—well, the moon only knows what took place, for he was watching them. His Moonship sees many things that lovers wot not of. Oα this lovely evening, there was no exception to the rule, for ho observed close by where Charlie and hie companion billed and cooed at each other, the form of a man, orouohing low down behind a thick Borub, which completely hid him from the eyes of those he was evidently watching—a man with a pals, vile-looking face, wbioh peered out at them from the screen of foliage with a savage gleam in hia eyes. The apparel of the eaves-dropper waa similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that be had three narrow golden stripes upon hia coat sleeve at the wrist, which beapoke the man a non-commisaioned officer. During a long ohat, such as lovera usually indulge, the watobor never stirred from his bent position; but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was only born of deep and absorb ing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to depart that he drew further into the shade, and in bo doing made a noise which altraoted the girl's attention. "What was that, Charlie?" ahe cried, nestliDg herself close to the side of that gentleman, and gazing round in alarm. " What is the matter, dear?" "Did you not hear a rustling noieo? It sounded oloso by that bush there," Bhe said. " Sweet Kiora, yon are filled with strange fancies to- night," he enid gaily. "First it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for us. Now it ia a noiso as of some lurking aeaassin. Pooh, my girl, there is nothing— eavo perchance some grasshopper looking for its mate." " Ob. Charlie, I would give all I possess in the world to prevent you going toTarauaki," eho said, with sudden energy. " Nonsense. Why ?" "Because 1 have one morbid fancy that when we part to night it will be for ever." " My darling, I " " Listen to mc, Charlie. Do you believo in dreams?' , " Dream.*, certainly. I believe they are droaiui , ", cotbits>; mute." The ibuUcu nestled li-r e<ua?l head— CMTncd- Hthawrf?stef gk'fjy rvreu Lair —closer to bis breast, and looking up at him with her large eyes, said : ?'I had a terrible dream tho night before last—a dream in whioh I saw what took place aa plain as I can see those trees before mc now." I " What did you see, Kiora ?" ] "An encampment, of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and aur rounded on every hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in tho extreme," she re- ! aponded, in a low bushed tone. " Beyond i the tents on a green patch of award, my dream dieoloscd a solid square of glittering bayonets, in the oentre of which were three posts stand ing upright. On those cruel stakes a man was beiDg tied hand apd foot to be flogged like a> slave. My God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion, for she had begun to sbivor like one in a ague fit. " Did you recognise the features of the un fortunate fellow at the triangles J" he asked presently. "Idid." " And you knew him V "Yes." "Who was he, Kiora?" " Yourself, Charlie ! Ob, the unutterable anguish depioted there 1 Oh, the misery and the despair, and the sickening dreadful blows that fell upon ray ears like come shuddering horror too great for mortal heart to bear t Yet I was compelled to gaze until tho dread ful woV< was ended. Then I heard a loud shout away towarde the cliffs, and looking thence, beheld a great horde of Maori warriors rush like a mighty avalanche upon the square of armed men. and shiver it into a hundred fragments. Then all became chaos and con fusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a vision of tho man who bad been de graded mounted upon a saddle and bridlelcas horso, his bare and bloody baok glistening conspicuously above the crowded mcle until tossed to and fro like a worthless waif, it went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw it no more." Charlie Stanion stood silent for a moment. A feelinj? of some nameless dread began to steal over turn at Kiora's recital, but he shook it off, and replied in a bantering way: "Dreams are all my eye, sweetheart. In deed, it has been said by certain crusty old bachelors that dreams are like ladies, they follow the rulo of contrary. Cotao hold up yonr head, roy dear, I shall return to you 'ere the new year is many weeks old, with all my honore. Think upon mc." "I fervently trust you may, dear Charlie," she replied. Then, suddenly lifting her head: "Charlie, I want you to make mc a promise —a polomn promise." "Certainly, dear Kiora. Whaffam I to pro mise?" " That you will refrain from taking one drop of intoxioating liquor until you return to Auckland." '? You little tyrant," he cried, laughingly. " You would like to set a trap for mc. Yon have your tea without etint—which the doc tors say is rank poison—and yet. one is to bo deprived of his glass of grog, simply because that giddy head of yours has been running too muoh on wars and rumours of -wars. But, sweet Kiora, let us change the subject. How lovely the night is." ? They went out into tho soft glow, arm in arm—she pleading for his promise—he, laugh ingly, resisting her.- Onward down the green sIopM, strewn with murky shadows, that seemed to ewallow thpa up and leave no trace behind. By-and-bye the lurking figure came forth from his lair, and stood op in the full light of tho moon—a tall dark man, about thirty years of age, face sallow and oloaely shaven, disclosing 0 wide, eensual mouth apd strong determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. " So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, play ins the spy," he muttered, apostrophizing hltncelf, a sinister gleam in hie eyes the while. " Why, who would have thought the ring doves would select this spot for their senseless chatter ?—almost under my nose. Humph I My limbs ara racked with cramp. Confound them both. What the devil can there be about this weak puling dandy, that she must prefer him to a better man. Aye, one, who cares more for her than ho does." Ho stood with folded arms a moment, watohing the direction they had taken. " There ye go, Charlie Stanton, with the whip hand of mc, but tako oare, my lad, I don't checkmate you. For ten years you and I have been what modern society calls friends, Charlie ; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It hag robbed mo of many things I had set my heart on, oven the love of this proud wench—who has thought fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field, Gbarlie, mo* cluu-e. Well, well, lam content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere this. I have tho cue, my weak-minded spark, and it shall go hard, but I will use it to advantage when opportunity offers." He followed in the wake of the lovers with a alow and meditative step, hia head bent, and his hands clasped behind his baok. "II my friend Stanton has one pet vioo above another, that vica is drink," he mut tered, pausing in his walk. " Not a sot, who loves to tipple alone, until he I*9 speechless, oh.dear no; but one of your gentlemanly, sooial souls, who cannot say nay when it is placed under his noee. Let him promise if ho will, ho cannot resist it. I have studied the man. Twice has he risen to the rank of sergeant since the oorpa was formed, and each time degraded to the ranks again through tho love of good liquor. So, bo. Charlie, all's fair in love and war. Therefore I'll bait my line and angle for you my friend. Once landed, I see my way clear to Iα belle Kiora, and her broad aorea." Sergeant Exley, of Caversham's Horse, in creased his pace, crossed the park, and entered the street; thence hia walk became slower, until he reached Shortland Place. Here he halted, and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There must have baen something very at tractivo here to engage the sergeant's attcn tention, for he remained on the 6pot close upon two hours. Ho waa still waiting and watching, when a young man issued from the house, humming a favorite opera air. " Hollo, Charlie I well met, dear boy. Whore havo you been 1" cried Exley in a aur prieed, yet pleasant tone. "Just run over to bid the Selbys good bye," replied Stanton. " But what are you doing down this way, Exloy?" " Aα, taking a walk under the moon to view tho city. I gue3B wo shan't have another opportunity of viewing the spires of Auokland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is, Charlie, I'm glad to have met you." "Why?" " B;cause I was just making my way to the Albion, where I've promised to meet one or Uo jolly fellows, to take a parting glass, lou will join ma of course." "My dear Exley, nothing would give mc greater pleasure, but " "But what?" " The truth is; , ' stammered Charlie, ?' I have made a promiso not to touoh liquor of any kind until I return from Taranaki." "Pheiv." whistled the Ssrgeant. "I'm sorry for that, inasmuch as you will mia3 a bowl of tbo beat punch, and one or two o! tho most comic .loss in Xew Zealand. Good ? night." SiTf-cant Kxloy turned upon bia heel, but Stanton caught liitn by the arm. I "Hold hard, F.xley. Wo sail early in the morning; it'a almost morning already, there : toro I'm with you. 1 can accunyiiny you I wuhont breaking my word, eh?" "Certainly." ; '?.'?' And the angler went in with his intended dupe, and brought him forth in the groy light of tho dawning day, staggering, uproarious, and with his promise shattered to the winds. CHAPTER II There are few scenes in New Zealand more grandly rugged than the Ohan Valley, Taranaki, the spot where the Volunteers bad formed their birouao on the 21th o£ Deo., in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stars stud ding the dark blue canopy of heaven. The camp was composed of six hundred rank and file of the Auckland Rifles, together with one troop of Caversbam's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a email hill ! adj scent to where the commissariat stores | had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the eixty men of the troop, ton of their number had been told off as guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The anpply of grog and provisions were only limited, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. Tnere were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row, flanking the stores, —a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extreme to any poor tippler who chanced to have charge in the still dead night, with no eye looking on. T'jis idea appeared to havo taken posses sion of the sergeant, for he called the guard together about the watch-fire, and said: " Comrades, I need hardly remind yon of the general order issued this morning. Wo arc under martial law here on the field. Colonel Bartopp. as yon all know, is a very strict officer, and will punish the slightest negleot or carelessness with severity, mind that, and above all remember that any man found tipsy while on duty, will most assuredly go to the tjiangles. You understand ?" They appeared to . understand very well that drunkenness would be punished only with the lash, arid they glanced towarde the rum-puncheone, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about their welfare. There were others about the fire who did not belong to the guard. Ons, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra_ firma, if one might judge by his gait and bis conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the ser geant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp-pot on the rough nose of a magnifioont water-spaniel at his side. This experiment with the dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a bare- legge&Meori; lad about fourteen, who stood by with mouth agape. The boy; ?who answered the won dc ptaco of "S&nfly;," was one of that gender known as a camp fag and general knock-about amongst the troopere. He could speak English pretty well, so far as lying went, and was withal one of the moat mischievous young vagabonds in Maoriland. As the night waxed apace, there arose a keen wind, whiob. made the air biting cold, and set the whole tents shivering liVe so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. The Maori lad, prowling about for some plf.ee of shelter for tho night, found a snug corner be neath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and then retired to reet without more ado. The party round the fire gradually thinnefl, until only two persons remained by it, — Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm andsincere friendship existed between these twain, yet notwornen were more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to pu?ilan imity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate and determined as ft bulldog. How came these oppositf?to befriends? Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold "Te Hanga," Bob Cable lay bleeding to death out aide the enemy's trench, fr-om a severe gash* in his side received during the attack. The Volunteers were r<?pnlsed, but at the risk of his life Cherles Stanton walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon hie baok, amidst a perfect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, and Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And hero they sit by the fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum, which has beon emptied to thedrega in fighting their Waikato campaign over again. Presently there is a call for cumber four of the guard. Charlie Stanton rises hurriedly, wishee Cable "good-night," and answers " Here." It ia hia turn for sentry, and he is marched over to relieve the man posted on the stores. Silence now reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild soreech of the pelew out yonder by the lake. " Sanfly orouohed under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams by the sound of voicc3 in the vicinity. The Maori noiselessly lifts one eDd of the covering and peeps forth. Sergeant Ex'ey is standing with a pannioan in his hand, talking to tho sentry in a low earnest tone. _ " Indeed Charlie, I see no great harm in a glass of grog on suoh a cold night. We are not in town where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, and can prevent my taking any, but I muEt say a small hall-pint out of one of these casks would never be mis sed." " Perhaps not," ansserod Charlie Stanton, carelessly, " Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard; but 1 say, Exley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting general orders, and Colonel Bartopp'a etern discipline?" 'The sergeant laughed in a quiet way, and replied, " Wait until you'ro promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan.. One side for the men, the other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar eomelimes at all the fuss and humbug put forth in orders general or otherwise. Red tapo and bunkum. Bunkum and red tape to the ond of the chap ter. I'll bet Colonel Bartopp has not retired to hie tent without a skinful of good liquor. Why then should we, comrade, who have to watoh through the long sight in this sharp wind, not whet our whistle when it is here ready at our hand?" " Bravo, Exley 1 Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except the quarter-master, but I repeat, you are my superior ofiicer, and—there are the oaeks." " Good. This fellow here seems a littlo apoplectic, we will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how will you do it, through hia bunghole ? " cried Charlie, laugh ing "No 1 Only a bungler would go to work that way. See here, I havo a gimlet. Now, keep watch while I jpile this fellow's frontis piece." Clement Exley cast a triumphant look at his companion era be wont down on h:3 knees to bore the rum puncheon. Had tho good* naturud inconstant dupe seen that look, he ; would have thought twice before hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring the \ man by his own standard, saw nothing in it save a good fellow in want of a nobbier, and I who had pluck enough to hazard hie sergeant's stripes for it. I Crawling from bis lair as silently aa a ser pent, Sinfly beheld Kxley holding the panni oan over a thin etrcam issuing from one of the casks. How the liquor hieaed and gurgled' as it spouted into the pot! When the atensil was full. Charlie held his thumb to tho hole until the surgesat plugged it up again. " Xow, comrade, take a nip." "After you," eaid Charlie,lao&sUy.; ! 513 "The girls wo left behind us," and the ser geant pat the liquor to hie lips, bat ho did not drink any. :..?' I'll give that pledge with all my heait," responded Charlie, in proof of whioh he almost emptied the pannican at a draught. It took away hit) breath for the nonce, but that was nothing—tbe ri;ht waa cold. " What do you say, shall we refill the gob lot, Stanton ? " " By all meana, Eslcy, and the pot was re plenished. " I did not expect we were going to have Buoh a jolly time in general," eaid the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees, " Come, Clem, take a sip and pass tho de canter." In a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit waa at least twenty degrees over proof, and soon began to tell upon the troopers. "We most be cautious, comrade, and not arouse the Bleeping guard," said tho sergeant, as Charlie booame rather noisy. "It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visiting officer before four o'ojook." "Oh, bother the visiting officer—pass the nappy, Clem." " 1 suppose yon don't mind my reliov ing you when your two hours are up, Caar lie ? " " Not at all. lam content to remain hero until daylight, providing you leave mc tho gimlet. Here's your health, Clem, and may you live to be a general." The sergeant watched him with glistening eyes. " Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy," he said, "It noneenee. Here, hold my carbine, the pot is empty." One p.m. by the sergeant's watoh, and the eergeant's companion is growing thick, of. speech and raiher prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about, moralising to the empty air, like one of Con greve's heroes. He will have another sip of, the liquor, and he has bis way, for he ia beyond reason now. The rum has mastered him completely; anon he is nothing but a grovelling bundle of humanity, his laugh cracked, sense gone, and talking—ye Gods I such rubbish and ribaldry, that tbe sergeant grows disgusted and leavee him alone in hie glory. Tho officer of tho night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At tlireo a.m. the Commissariat Guard turned out at:his I summons, and was dismissed as correct. J "How many sentries have you, Sergeant Exley?" ' " Only one, Captain I" "Iwill visit him." It was usual (or two men of tho guard and the noncommissioned officer in charge to accompany the officer when visitinu tho sentries. Exley called two of his comrades, N who conducted the c.iptain over to thestoTos, but of oourso there wns no ong to challenge ' their approach. "Halt," cried tho onicer, "how's this? where is your man, Gergeant ?" he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered, the Maori lad emerged from his biding, and pointed out the dark innert form of the tipsy sentinel stretched upon tlie fltwr fast aaloep. , A light was brought from llio tent aad thoy tried to rouse him, but in vim. There appeared no need to inquire how the maa got drunk on his poat. Tno leaking cask. th<i gimlet, and the papniean half full of J/cjnor on the gronnd beside him, told its o ivn talo plamly. ? " This i 3 a very unfortunuto matter," cried tho sergeant, witb well-feigned regret in lu3 tono. " What ia to ba clone, sir '/'? " Done! why your duty, KsrgoMit Exley, of course," responded tho captain, " Cairj the poor devil to the guard-tent, and put another man in his stead. "I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return. Good night 1" Morning came with its rosy blush tiuginp; tho hill tops and kissing the sleeping orxHtnp nunt into renewed Ufa. It found Serjeant Exley pacing moodily bi'foro the guard.tout where his unfortunate viol tin lay slumbering oft the fumes of intoxication. "Iβ this but the prelude to her dream ? -t hg muttered. " Gad, it would Feem so. Herb' , are the circle of hills around, bnrcnnd treelosa overlooking the valloy below. Youdor the Ohen Like gleaming in tbo caily bug lika a i burnished shield. What morn? Shall tha curtain rise to-day upon the first act of tho dream ?—tha formed pquare, and the man tied Ito tho triangles? We shall see. Charlc3 I Stanton, it would havo keen well had thou or ! I never seen Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou wilt sen tho cat ready. And now to snatch an hour's reet.' . He turned-into the tent, end at that moment the voioe of Sanfly wao heard call ing for Snap, the retriever, who ran .frisking towards tho lad in great (?lee, and the pair raced down the hill towards tho tent occupied by Bob Cable. (.To be continued.) Never read by"twilifjlit. mfonlight, or on cloudy daj'.s. ... ? ? . 