BJJOADBBIM'S NEW IOEK LETXEE. Artcireles in New York have felt no sensa tion like that experienced for the pastjfew days, by - the -exhibition- of " Bembroddt'e Gilder." ft was onuview at .the Schaus'Ait • room on. Fifth Avenue, and from the day of the opening to the close, Mr. Schaus' elegant., gallpry has.. jbeen crowded by~ the intellect, beauty and fashion of the city. -In,contra distinction of some other art exhibits, there \- hag'been no beating of ' drums Or blowing of jhorns; there was no need"of it — for here in email. compasB quietly reposed on its : easel one of the &ost; perfect Works of one of the grandest.masters of ancient or modern .times. Those who have lingered in the magnificent galleries of the Iiouvre, of Antwerp^ of Yieiraa, Berlin and ; London, will need no reminder of him—of whose Imperial genius this little canvas was one of the brightest gems. "Who was he whose'featurefe the great painterhas thus enshrined in immortality p No man knoweth ; neither can any man tell, certainly, why it is called the'Gilder. Sur mise hath ii that it is the portrait of the man who furnished the great artist with;frames for his pictures ; if so lie received an immor tal recompense for his humble work. 247 years have passed since this grand face "was painted, and saving the fact that the colors are mellowed and softened by time, it might have come from the" easel a year ago. The picture is not for the mdlion, but for those ■who love art for art*s "self—and such a man is William Schaus, the fortunate owner of : treasure; aye, and 'such a man is Herman Schaus, his nephew, in whose custody this priceless canvas is placed. What is it worth? I don't know? you have ofteu heard of a thing being -worth its Weight in gold; you -would have to pile your double eagles very high on the Gilder, togefc it from William Schaus. What is its great merit ? it liesin .the fact, that this is the absolute perfection 6f hnman portraiture ; beyond this, human art cannot go. The face is the personification of thorough and absolute honesty. As Hamlet Bays, " Td take the ghost's word for a1 thou sand pounds." A calm satisfaction rests on every feature, and he looks 'like la man whose lines have fallen in pleasant places.; One 6f the most remarkable effects is i that walk about the room wherever you will the eyes follow you with a kindly, gaze, and as your : attention' becomes : more1 fixed on the fare it seems as if the old Dutchman might step , down from the canvas to hid you a pleasant1 " Grooden mornin." If it were not for the pre . eence of this imperial picture, there are three others that would challenge admiration iii any collection in the world: a Eossean, a Diaz, and aCarot, which it would be diffinnlf, to match in-any collection on the American continent. Nothing but the most exquisite taste, undivided love of heart and abundant -wealth could have rendered such a collection possible. William Schaus and his nephew Herman. Schaus, have done much for art in the United States; the evidences of their genius and teste are to be seen in the finest collections in the land—but nothing they have done, can equal. the present obligation under which they: have laid all lovers , of the .true and beautiful in art, in1 pre senting to the public the present magnificent . collection, which is crowned with Bembrandt's Gilder. Another Enoch Arden turned up in Brook lyn the other night. after an absence of thirty years. :One night in the fall of 1856, Mr. P. Davi8,| who was then a rich broker had a ..quarrel with.his wife; he walked out of the house, and; she nererrfcet eyes on him , again till she found him the other *0ay a t ragged tramp in a charitable ; -institution in Brooklyn. When he left that city thirty .jean ago, he was a well-to-do broker, . young find handsome ; a member of all the swell clubs, with a comfortable bank account and everything, prosperous about him. ' When he returned,, ope bitter night last week* he knocked at the door of a charitable insti stitution, The Good Samaritan, arid at the . time lie had on a light, alpacca coat, no 'shirt, _ ragged pants, one indiarabber and one leather , shoe, no socks, and was as miserable a speci . men of humanity as one could well conceive. His children are all married^ and his wife isi intte .enjoyment of a-comfortable fortune.^ ,'What disposition they may make of Euoch: ' remains to be seen; but, as yet, they havei prepared no fatted calves to welcome the: ; prodigal's return. i ITo need to travel any more, everything is! "brought wholesale to our doors. On one! street 8n entire Japanese city ; on another ai Pueblo from Central Mexico—no sham, but! -, the 'real genuine tiling from Poncho to i On Broadway, rapidly hastening to comple- i tion, is the counterpart of The Cripple Gate, as it has stood in London for over ,700 years: —and w'ith it we are to have,beefeaters, hal berdiers, crospbow men, and all the accessories ;of ye olden time. When his friend t»mh»-vh to Sir pharles Coldstream—" But yon must acknowledge that you've nothing'like St Peters in London." He replies—" We don't 'want it, my boy, wb don't want it; if we did •we'd haye^the confounded thing boxed up and sent over." That is just what we are doing -in New York to-day. A season or two ago thousands of our fashionables—and some riot so fashionable made a. scrub race for Montreal to see tobog ganing and the ice palace. Bless your heart -we ve got. em all right here now—ice palace,. tobogganing, snoW shoes/ curling—and now i -we talk of turning a few white bears loose in Central Park, just to give the winter scene a ■ •sort of Poland flavor.; It would be so nice to j see a real genuine Polar bear walking around .the obelisk, with a pair of Bnowshoes slung over his back and a toboggan in his mouth. - Speaking of snow shoes—the bravest and the ■ best Of the Montreal clubs dropped down on i lis last week ; the authorities gave them the freedom of the city, and placed Central Park at their disposal. There was not much snow to speak of, but what little we had they turned ' to the best" account; and a common New Yorker could hardly get a wink, or a smile, from a pretty girlas long as the fascinating Canadians with their goigeous bankets and •winning ways remained in town."' They were welcomed everywhere, and the only fault we had to find with them was that they did not stay long enough. JTolarge body of men Who ■have ever visited this city have left more pleasant memories behind them. Tobogganing is our latest craze, and we've got it bad. When the thing was first talked •of, early in the winter, a young gentleman addressing a young lady said, " Miss Jenkins, -do you -indulge ih tobogganing;*' later in -December it was, Miss Jenkins,"do you lobog; and now with the advent of the, new year, its "Miss Jenkins, will you bog, or 1'iii going a ■fr°gging» an<* don't you wish you could bog. Sough blanket coats and sleds without'run ners are now all the go; and the feliati who kant tobog is no fellah at all, ye knaw; so, of «ourse,every fellah wants to tobog with a lot of pretty girls on the tobog. with him,'half a dozen or so j ifs fan I tell you. If you don't helieve it, try it. It . may take your breath .away at first; but, if the slide is good and the girls fat and pretty, and they hug you 'tight" because they're afraid, you feel as if you would n'tcare if you ran into a snow, bank or turned a somersault over' the North Pole. Hurrah for a tobog. A calamity more terrible than the pestil ence which walketh abroad in the night is threatening the two great cities of New York *nd Brooklyn, and that is a coal famine. Here are two millions of people, every' one of whom needB his share of warmth in this titter winter weather. To the rich it means . •imply a little inconvenience, and hardly ' that; to the poor it means absolute misery: and suffering untold. When coal is $5.00 e ton, the. poor man who buys it by the pailful, pays the man at the corner grocery ten—should it rise to $10.00,. a _pail__of coal will cost Mm thirty or forty cents, .furnishing just enough of fuel to cook; his miserable meal, with no margin to keep i bis irife and children" from freezing. The coal kings refuse to give the miners au extra; 25 cents, a ton,'but they are quite willing to tax. the consumers an extra ^5 a ton. ■ By a single resolution of. a half-dozen men seated in^heir .■ comfortable offices, forty or fifty millions of dollars wiere added to the already enormous - profits of these coal plutocrats. If ever there was' a .case for Government intervention this is one of them, and these heartless capitalists should be taught that the poor man has some rights, which even coal kings are bound to respect. The death of the Rev. J. Halstead Carroll in Minnesota, closes sorrowfully a long and . storjmy life. A few years ago Mr. Carroll was pastor of the First Reformed Church in Brooklyn, and during his pastorate his name was mixed up with a number of scandals, which led to Ms expulsion from the pulpit. He went to Newburg, and while there again got into trouble, and was forced to pack his satchel and leave. ' In the west he was equally unfortunate, till he was driven from the ministry, but afterwards" succeeded in getting ■ a.cburch iu Minnesota, and died estranged .from all of his former friends. Dot tor' Carroll was blest with a most engaging presence, splendid talents, and a magnetic manner, which wpn him friends , wherever he went; but he was cursed with an over-weening vanity and eelf-conceit, which, eventually led him to ruin. The son of an eminent clergyman, a,favorite of fortune, with, a brilliant .and promising start in life, he became a moral wreck, drifted hither and thither by" his own merciless passions, and instead of being""borne' to an honored grave by hundreds of weeping friends, he is now only remembered with "humiliating sorrow by . the .church he disgraced and the people he' betrayed. The Society, for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has scored another victory in pro curing the Sentence of Mrs. Melville, the cruel Brdoklyn woman, who kept-her orphan niece, tied to the floor for nine long months; besides alniost starving her to death. • The wife got ofe with a year iri'the penitentiary, while the hxieband and 8on, who stood quietly by and witnessed the Horrid atrocity, day after day, escaped Any punishment at all. Still it is something to know that there is in this com munity an 'association of men and women to whom the mute and suSering.look of even a dumb' animal will not appeal rh vain. The weather hasbeen "decidedly rough cold, snowy, and disagreeable. The recent celebration-of Cornelius Yander bilt's branch" of the Railroad Young Men's Christian Association has stirred up a number of rich- men in our sister city of Brooklyn, where I see ifaey have organised a Young Men's Hebrew Association, modelled-on the plan of the Y.M.C.A. A number of wealthy Hebrews have taken hold of the work, and the chances are that within a few months Young .Men's Hebrew Associations will be formed in all the principal cities of the Union. This will be an inestimable boon to the large army of young Hebrew men who travel for the mercantile houses. The Brooklyn branch, which will be the mother Association,-will-in due time have a magnifi cent building with lectures, library, baths, entertainments, gymnasium, : and , all the applianees of modem civilisation.- It is.safe to say, from the gentlemen who have the business in hand, that the Hebrew Y.M.A. will not be a whit behind those of their Christian brothers. • 