Christmas Number of the Ac elaide Observer," Published This Day. In the superior quality of the periodical local literature and the increase of material are to be fonnd convincing instances of the development and progress of & new country. South Australia furnishes the unique example of a country which began its existence with a newspaper, and its leading journal has kept pace with the progress of the province." " Although the Observer does not date back BO far as the Register—it having made"' ItB first appearance on July 1, 1843—it has almost an equal claim as "an old colonist journal," and the steady advancement made during the forty-four years of its career has shown what energy and enterprise In colonial journalism can accomplish. The Christmas editidn of the Observer for 1887 bears eloquent testimony to this. Not only is the high standard of the weekly maintained in the several departments of news and general information, but the Christmas Supplement has additional claims to' popular attention by reason of the tfery excellent varied and entertaining light reading matter and the illustrations with which the value of the paper is enhanced. The front page contains a portrait of H.R.H. the Princess of Wales, the lady whom all in the British dominions and out of them delight to honour for her right womanly qualities, her devotion as a wife, her tenderness as a mother, and her dignity as the wife of onr future King, whose portrait 'aces hers on the same page. It is singularly appropriate that in this jubilee year of our good Queen these familiar faces should greet us. Issued with the Supplement is a charming domestic picture in colours, entitled "Hie Troublesome Twins." In thiB we find a little girl, with a fresh healthy face, in itself a charm, carrying two young foxhound puppies, upon whose canine countenances is cleverly' portrayed that ludicrous look of resignation which animals in thehan <1B of the j u venile Philistines assume, as if tibey knew that all the persecution they were subjected to was the outcome of real kindness, misplaced though it be. These two pups hang limp and helpless in the arms of the little maiden, as if they. were resigned to their fate, which is certain not to be a very hard one, even if they are half killed by kindness. The little girl herself has about as much as she can manage in the care of these truly " Troubleeome Twins," who in the. picture are sure to find a hearty welcome amongst the juvenile community. The drawing is easy, natural, and effective, and colouring ood. As for the reading matter in the Supplement, it is quite appropriate for this festive time of the year, and many a weary worker can find pleasure and profit in perusing its pages in some quiet shady nook in the hills or at the seaside while spending. the holidays out of doors, as Australians love to do. The first article is a bright and lively one on Christmas customs and charities, a happy blending. Then we find an interesting tale " Beyond the e as," by Heron Shaw, which will occupy the best part of an idle afternoon to get through. "Arnulf the Cook" is a legend, the very beginning of which ought to attract the young people, for it opens with the good old-fashioned familiar " Once upon a time," and that it is by Lindsay Duncan is a further recommendation. Amongst the other stories is " The Luck of Cairgorm," which the reader will find to the taste, if a weird narrative ' suits the fancy. " A Black Ghost" is a novelty, and as it is a tale of India there ought to be something curious in it. Then we have a tide of Italian brigandage, which balances well with' Davenport Cleland's " From Desk to Diggings;" and as a variety In seasonable dainties MIBB Sibella Edgcome supplies a Russian Christmas tale, iu which Australians, sweltering in the heat of a December day, may feel cooled by reading of snow and ice in the far- off region 'where Buch provisions of nature abound at this time of the year. This does not finish the list, for there are poetical effusions for the romantic or sentimental, riddles and conundrums for the enquiring, chess for the thoughtful who like to unravel intricate problems, and there is fun and mental employment for all. In a word the Christmas number of the Observer is full of interest, and as good as a thrilling novel for a quiet idle afternoon. It may be added that the literary matter of the Supplement is almost entirely of South Australian production. Oneshort tale only, that by Miss Edgcome, has been sent from England; and although Mr. Alexander Morrison Is at present resident in Western Australia, he has lived so long in this colony that he may still be claimed as a locid literary man. BENSVOLENT ADD STBANGEBS' FEIENDS' SOCIETY.—The usual monthly meeting of the committee was held at the Church Office on Tuesday afternoon, December 20. Mr. D. Nock presided over a moderate attendance. The Secretary presented his report, which stated there had been eighteen new applications, and 142 reapi lisations, making a total of 160 against 195 during the previous month. The amonnt spent in relief was £2117s. 3d. There were still many women with families whoBe husbands had gone away to work and left them destitute. During the month they had received £313s, in subscriptions, and £3 rent from the old offices. They had now £215s. 7d. in hand. The report and balancesheet were adopted. Mr. M. £L Madge moved —*' That we fall back on the old plan of distributing relief, each member of the committee having an order-book, and being responsible for the case being genuine." There was, he claimed, less interest taken in the work of the Society now than there shonld be. If the old lines were adopted the cases for relief would come more prominently before the committee. Mr. Lyons mentioned that the old lines had lately been adopted to a certain extent. Books had been prepared recently, Mr. Madge assisting in their p reparation, but none of the com*- mitteee had UBed the books. Mr. Madge said he did not know the books had been printed. Now that they were he withdraw nis motion. Mrs. Colton asked that the Society, would grant £10 10s. to the Maternity Association. It was resolved that the.fundB of the Society wonld not allow them to contribute. Mr. Lyons brought up the report of the sub-committee appointed to enquire into the question of the Cottage Homes. They recommended that Mr. Green be empowered to offer Mr. J. J. Stuckey £10 108\. in fall of all demands in reference to the transfer of the property to the Society. There wonld be no necessity for any alteration in the deeds. The Society wonld then receive the rents from the cottages. Messrs. James $mith and D. Nock, and Mr. Lyons were appointed'to revise the trust deed, . THE SHABI SEASON.—There Is on view at the S. A. Fishing Gompany's place in King William-street a largeicarpet shark 8 ft. 6 in. long, which was caught by Kemp Brothers, fishermw, of Glenelg, at the snapper ground on Monday. The fish was captured from an onen boat. It is a ferocious-looking creature. There are several others of the same species larking about the snapper ground, half a mile from the pier. It would almost seem, adds our Shipping Reporter, as if the presence of so many sharks on the coastline has had: something to do with the absence of other fish. At thfB season it is generally the case that snapper, garfish, snook, and other edible denizens of the Gulf are plentiful and a_ moderate artiole of food. The present is simply a blank, for the fishermen have tested the Gulf from end to end with only most indifferent success. Snook is a thing of the past, and snapper only found in the (tost out-of-the-way plaoes. Sharks, however, have the full swing of the coastline, and at Largs on Monday one of the Launch Company's coxswains shot an enormous specimen, but was not successful in securing it. Several have been prowling about the piere of late, but no capture has been made, except one of the leopard sharks taken off Glenelg. The leopard is a lazy vagabond which prowTs abput in shallow water—in fact, a regular scavenger of the deep—but the sharks which have been more frequently seen are the hammer-headed kind, which are not supposed to be very ferocious, and a few of the larger kind of deep-sea shark which occasionally seeks such shallow water as our Gulf affords. 