.VICTORIA AMATEUR TTTEP CLUB SUKMEK'MEBTDrO. MONDAY, DECEMBER 27. stewards-Messrs. A. K. Blackwood, James Grice, G. D. O'HalJoran, IL O'Shanassy, H. Smith. Judge-Mi. G. Vowlea. Starter Mr. G. Watson. H&ndlcapper- Mr;, E. T. Barnard. Secretary-Mr. K. H. D. Bond. A most oppressive and threatening mornlrw had an effect; npon the attendance at Caul field ,thou«b tbe nmaezooa coonter-attractiona most have allured people from the trjrsting ground of lheV.A.T.0. Hie trip by road was the reverse of pleasant, tor cfonas of. dost were blown, about, bat once «a the course everything waa changed for the better. The grass wu refreshingly green, there was an absence ot dost, and, as only a couple of showers fef|l faring toe afternoon, the sport waa. enjoyed in comparative comfort, especially after this delightful chanpe from a north to a south wind. - A atart was mide with the Selling Race, for which a field of five faced the jtarter, and Mistake waa served up a very warm favourite, F.F. being the only other backed for money. Entering the straight Seaweed presented a bold front* bat she suddenly died away, and tba it lotted like a match between the two favourites, when Hot Iron on the inside began to draw up, and Immediately there arose shouts of "Gorry wins," and the popular light-weight iUting down and riding (be colt u artistic style, landed-blm a clever winner. As bis owner had to jpay £110toget bis oojt bacl^he loBt filO by th? victory, {or be did not back Hot Iron for a shilling.' Half a score nam-, bers were boiBted!for the Hurdle Race, and the Ballarat party staking their money with confidence oft Mo^stiooger, tbe public fol lowed spit 00 j _ this uaetuUook . e pwldock with odds of 6 to 4 only offered against him. Goodwooi waa the selected oneofthe Caulfield division, the son of Slanderer having tboroaghlyie. covered from his accident Mid perfo * some excellent gallops on the ' ground. Whalebone made the and at the iMijcaf " fell, his rider but escaping i&Ui; creased bis lead to such an extent that at one time it appeared aa if be would never be caught Approaching the final turn, however, the pace began to tell, and tiring to nothinj when Goodwood drew up alongside, the latter aoon had the race in hand, and won with ease, Marron beatinfi ^ halebone for second honours. At the last hurdle T.B, fell with Mr. Cox, hut the latter regained his seat before the horse rose. ith only Silvermine and Mainsail withdrawn from the Summer Cup, 17 horses were left to do battle, and most .of them were in canital form. KoUai. who looked more seasoned than when he suffered such an ignominious defeat at r lemington, waB at last a better favourite than anything else, though heaps .of money were invested on Western and The Levite, both of whom looked remarkably well. Metal, too, looked blooming. At the post The Levite was more Bpiteful than ever, and lashed out at everything that came near him, and Mr. Watson ordered him on the extreme outside. A eood pace was Bet by Dougalston. and several of the horses made a wide detour round the first turn, Achmet losing a great deal of ground by this movement AB they neared the home turn Grace Darling's eeranium jacket was very prominent, and Kohai and The Levite were both going strong and well. After entering the home stretch Fish o' Silver raised the hopeB of his friends by making a rush on the inBide, but lie ouickly died away again, and Grace Darling also retiring, the real issue was left to Kohai and The Levite. Inside the distance The Levite .twice tried to savage Kohai, and this probably lost him the race, for had he kept on ms way instead of endeavouring to bite his opponent, he might have just got home. As it was, he suffered defeat by about a neck, Metal finish ing a good third. Mr. John Field thus claims the honour of having bred another winner of a cup, for the son of Manuka and Idalia was raised in the Calstock paddocks, which have of late produced more winners of cups than any other stud in Australia. Not withstanding her penalty and the allowances to her opponents, the public fancied Hor tense more than anything for the Juvenile Stakes, and at one time the grand-looking winner of the Maribyrnong Plate touched 5 to 4 but a strong demonstration in favour of the New Zee land-bred Escutcheon caused him to advance so rapidly that before they left the paddock, he was as good a favourite as the filly. Unfortunately for the few South Australians who came over de termined to stake their money on Per haps, the trainer of the filly reported her slightly amiss, the intense heat having had some effect upon her; consequently she was only backed by those who were not in the secret, and, as the sequel will show, they had the best of it. There was Bome delay at the post, principally through the conduct ot Fogg, who rode Perhaps, and when the Hag fell lie gained an advantage which won the nice, for Escutcheon, who ran green at first, was fast catching her at the finish. Hortenae ran a good filly under the weight, and finished third. Perhaps was bred at Morphetville by Sir Thomas Elder, whose property she still is, though she has been leased to her trainer for her racing career. A capital field of 14 was announced for the Steeplechase, and Pro motion, Contingent, Ruby, Curiosity.Lizette, and Topsail all received support Curiosity made the pace very merry, and the ran to the first fence being altogether too Bbort they came at this obstacle pretty well bnnched. The result of this was that Roulette hit and fell, and brought Contingent with him, and at the log fence in front of the stand Pro motion came down heavily, and as Corrigan lay motionless it was feared that he had sustained serious injuries. Cariosity forced the running along the back, and rising the hill Letltia baulked, and as they jumped the fenoe in front of the Btand Salesman fell, but Mr- Cox was again equal to the occasion, rose with his horse and got into the saddle ami.l the cheers of the spectators. bnUas the saddle had slipped he very wisely refrained from persevering. Meanwhile Curiosity kept on the even tenor of his way, and the field was ! further reduced by Songster baul king and Reti cent, Banker, and Topsail making mistakes. Cariosity still held a long lead in the bend, but Ruby,who followed him into the straight, challenged him below the distance, settled him in a few strides, and won easily, the vic tory of Mr. W. Bryant being very popular with everybody. Attention was now tamed to the casualty-room, whither Corrigan had been carried, and anxious indeed were the in quiries after him. Itsoon transpired that he had fefic&pcd; serious injury, having only been stunned; and beyond a blade eye; ft bruised temple, and A cut tongue he was all right. When be was sufficiently recovered to walk to the jockeys' room he was received with ap plause, and there was a general sigh of relief at bis escape. When betting first opened on the Malvern Handicap Mnnwyrtina was most in demand, but The Ghost's friends rallied sound the old chestnut before he left the paddock, and he was Bret favourite. Damocles was the'only other supported with any spirit Beckwith showed rare pace for a time, but as they entered the straight Damocles, on the inside, shot to the front, I and established b good lead, but The Ghost cameafter hirMMod Williams, very foolishly, less, andeased his horse, then set to again, and The Ghost, answering every callj^nade a moat brilliant ran, and was beaten only to ft head. On smiling op it was discovered that the winner nnd split his .off hind ioot The following are the details... seuuvo Bios, Of X00 SOTS. Winner tobssoU for £180. Firs fur longs nod a fwMi' ? . ? *~ Itr. J. G. Ee!d'«- M o Hot Iron, by Tubal 0»ln-S* shcuroui sr^sct uibTraofiy) - .. .. * *5, F* fab #yr* - sib. (nadw) .. .. .. .. " Mr. *. Joaera b h MUUke (oil), agwl, f«t 71b. Mr. A. F. Bndduwns «fa m Seaweed (o0), aged, 7sk Ob. (BroM) - .. .. '??J, v. . . Wtotake, BtolagstF. F.,«*» After aereraJbSkf-Mrkr,Uie behind time,- MUWte gttdu »two-tssftlMtftow face ever everything, of whom F, F.wasMsimme diate .tfcttUat, wtili Hotfcon Ian. Tfcaorter m* the B»me dong the railvrmy, witb Beswsa# efcise °P on the r»Ili. lUdng.to ttfe tomi, tbafavojulto J*1 tbeoctaMc, F.F. In tba amtda, gad tide toe dMtu* 8ot torn was Mm tad toV from the cento* htfatfItWWfiS? ioagttwjbfthlnd, "Seaweed wastoiuAiMtafcMi w«itoo Urt. maw, l«. i^». yhswiw OjMVt, r 'Vi - DAirDiattaDMBias 0f460sow.,_add#dtoa sfpfp«idcNi<M^.M<^ Mr. A. Davics'a ch g Louis, 6 yrs, lOst. 21b. (D. O'Brien) Mr. W. T. Jones nth Country Boy, 6 yrs, 10s t. ns oh h Yellow Hammer, I 6 yrs, 9st Bib. (Quy) .. .. 0 Mr. W. S. Cox, jun.'s, b g T.B., 6 yrs, Oat. (Owner) 0 Dotting.-G to * ttRst Uosstroopcr, 9 to 2 agst Good wood, 7 to 1 agst Marron, and 8 to X agst Distiller. Aristides and Whalebone were first away, but when fairly going, T. B. went to the front, followed by Goodwood, Distiller, Louis, Mosatroopor, Marron, and Whalebone, with Country Boy last. Whalebone camo with ft groat run into the straight, and led over tho flrsfcfcunlle, attended by T. B., Aristides, Goodwood, Yellow Hammer, and Macron, Country Boy. bringing up the rear. Whalebone steered his hones over tho stand hurdle, T. B., Aristides, and Goodwood follow ing ; at which obstacle, also, Louis camo down, his jockey rollintr over and over, but at lost landing on his feet none the worse. Whalebone led out of the straight and up the hill, pursued by Aristides, the latter of whom came to grief, and brought Mosstrooper down with him, while Tellow Hammer was still eterncbosor. Entering the back stretch, Whalebone had increased his lead to well on to a soore lengths from Goodwood and Marron, Distiller coming next, eight lengths away. Passing the railway. Whalebone was still in command ; but racing down to the turn. Goodwood ran up to the leader, and passed him as they rounded into the straight. The Caulflold horao led over the last hurdle, well in front of Marron and Whalebone, and sailing away in the last run, won in a canter by half-a-dozen lengths from the pair Just named, of whom Marron had a ncck the best of it for sccond place. Distiller was fourth, Couutry Boy fifth, and Yellow Hammer last, I. B. tell at the last hurdle. Time, 3m. 27s. THE SUMMER CUP, Of 200 ws., added to. a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each ; I eccond 40 sorp. One mile and a Quarter and a dis-1 tancc. Mr. I. Foulsham ns bl c Kohai, by Manuka-Idalia, 4 vra, 7st. 71b., carried 7st. 81b. (Trahan).. .. 1 Mr. C. U Mood on aid's b h The Lovite, aged, 7st. 91b. (Campbell).. .. .» .. .. .. 2 Mr. M. Jacobs's b h Metal, 6 yrs, 7st (Rodfearn).. 3 Mr. J. 0. Hold's ch m Grace Darling, aged, list. lSib. (Williams) .. .. .. ..0 Mr. K. Donovan's b or br cDunlop, i yrs,8st Xllb. (Sanders) ..0 Mr. M. Jooobs's b h Rufus, 6 yrs, 8st 61b. (O'Brien) 0 Mr. 0. II. Bead's ch h Desperado, 6 yrs, 7sfc Alb. (Bruce) .. .. ..0 Mr. O. Baructt's br m Lesbia, aged, 7st. 21b. (Smith) 0 Mr. J. 0. ncid's br m Empress, 5 yrs, 7st. (Gorry) 0 Captain J. Iiaimcs's br c Dufferin, 3 yrs, Cat. 181b. (Brown) .. .. 0 Mr. it. Uoysted's b m BecswUig, aged, OsU XOlb. (O'Connor) 0 Mr. T. Coffey's b f Honeycomb, i yrt, 6st. 101 b., oarried 6st. 111b. (M. O'Brien) 0 Mr. L. L. Smith's b g Dougalaton, aged, Gst. fllb, (Blair) 0 Mr. S. Miller's b m Impulse, aged, Get. 71b. (St. John) 0 Mr. J. Whittingham's gjs Achmet, 4 yrs, 6et, 41b. (Fountain) 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br o Fish o' Silver, 4 yrs, fist. (Tomlin) 0 Mr. J. Powell's b g Western, aged, 6et Betting.-3 to 1 (at first 6 to 1) agst % . iohai, 5 to 1 ngst The Levite and Western", 10 to 1 agst Em press, Dufferin, and Fish o' Silver, 12 to 1 agBt Metal, IS to 1 agst Honeycomb. The Levite was very fractious at the post; but at last the flae fell to a good start, liufus being first to show prominently, ana then Honeycomb, followed by Dougalston. Fairly settled down, however. Empress went to the front, and led past the stand, attended by Dufferin, Kohai, Fish o' Silver, Beeswing, and ] Western, with Dnnlop bringing up the rear. Empress rounded the turn clear of everything, Achmet running very wido, and the marc breasted the hill, followed by Fish o* Silver, Kohai, Dufferin, and Western. On the summit of the hill Dufferin was in command, whilst entering the back of the oourse Desperado was momentarily at the bead of nis field, next to him being Western, who then took the lead, with Kohai in close attendance, Rufus dropping to tho extreme rear. Hearing the 8od wall Beeswing was the leador, pursued by Western Mid Kohai, who were side by side, then The Levite. Racing to the turn for home Kohai, on the inside | berth, was just In front of The Levite, and Fish o' Silver next Kohai, on the rails, led into the straight, with The. Levite on his quarters, Grace Darling, Metal, and Fish o' Silver. Outside the distance Kohai and Tho "Levite separated themselves from the main' body, and ran home together, the former eventually winnln* cleverly by a «bort head, whilst Metal was third three-quarters of a length off. Grace Darling was fourth, Fish o' Silver fifth. Honeycomb sixth, Beeswing add Dnnlop next, and the two last were Aohmet and Rufus. Time, 2m. 29Js, THE JUVENILE STAKES, Of E sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added. For two year olds. Second, 40 sovs.: third, 10 tors. Five fur longs. Mr. J. H. Hill's b ' Perhaps, by Gang Forward Perodventure, 7st lllb, (Kage) 1 Mr. E. Mitchelson's brc Escutcheon, by Musket Rosette (imp.), fist. (Iritny) 2 Mr. Q. L. Maodonald's br f Hortense, by Gang Forward -Josephine (including 101b. penal ty),9st. 71b. (Campbell) S Mr. A. Harvey's br f Sumatra, by The Pontiff Malacca {including 71b. penalty), 9st 41b. (Power) 0 Mr. L. L Smith's 1> g Epiounan, by Dairiwtll -Alethe (including 61b. penally). 9st (O'Brien) 0 Mr. F. CUssold's ch c Glentworth, by Golds brough-Hazard, est (Trahan) © Captain Holmes'* br o Albert Lodd&n;, by Rapidity-Eugenie, 8st (Browri) ? ... 0 Mr. A. F. 8mdshaw*a b o The Dreamer, by Young Snowden-My Dream, Set. (Brace) .. 0 Mr. J, G. field's b or br o Marihorptyfa, by Boblnson Crusoe-Dagmar, Sst. (Williams) ., 0 Mr. J. Whittlngham'a b t Eclat, by Richmond Success, 7st lllb, (Ramage) .. .. 0 Mr. 8 Millet's b or br f Pingara, by Wellington Vaudeville, 7st. lllb. (Twomer) .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. A. ung's ii g Bugler,' by jbt Drummer -Blink Bonny, 7st. Mb. tTurohatn) .. 0 Mr. O. Barnett s b g Dahrin, by Goldsbromb Milliner, 7st Sib. (Doherg-f T .. o ig.-S to 12 (at first 6 to 4) agst Hortense, S to -itcheon, 4 to 1 agst Perhaps, B to 1 agst lOtotagstBumura. . Wo or. three ? broafehsway. but Mr. i at last despatched them to an «veo stark the noepiioQ of EsouMuoiL. itip iftt pS 'ly. Hortense was Ont tp^hoW. lU thtm Tae Dreanier, whet however, aoondropped to therNT. T a furlong Perhaps had command ot Epioorsab. *nd Hotteaae, and tte South Australian «Hy vith Hortense^ the outside next The pair t*a when Esoutcheon treme outside, gol (Kmld never ami length, HortooM _ hind. Sumsira was and Olsntworth nsxl Feoaea loruiree mcrafwip|j Of 200 sovi^^dd^tol _. iJsaeatssP'" distance i on the ». ...tense casilyby*] t Ittuttk Jm flftfc-Manra Time, wassus-l j ustaw Hlrads'sbrjr (*Um) " .. Mr. S. Mitfnll boi,-,-, Mr. J. Moodooold^ b tn (H094)-'? Mr. 3. L. enough's b C 0OHti>)0Wlk Ustilh,' Ml. JvBa»tofcBe's to f ScnWAa, SU>b; Mr. A. Or»y m brt RrtJcpnli 0 ynt ilst «b. <Fw' Soon).. ? ? Mr.H.mbamib Mr.pdUbrg. Watsw'sbg Mrfi. , Mstl'(k'OoWaJj) l,fitt.71b,(And<r rifil ^3*^1^*11, agad, Mr XIb. ix, Ju^vliir AkUsmaa, W 4)1 all jumping well, with Salesman dropping to the extreme rear. Curiosity continued at the head Of affairs into the straight, and led over tho treble well in advance of Songster, Atlas, Banker, and Liictte, Reticent bringing up the rear, Salesman meanwhile having come to grief at the second jump, but although cleverly and expeditiously remounted, was done with, and retired. Curiosity again ascended the hill clear of Atlas and Lizette, next to whom were Moonlight, Topsail, and Danker, with Retloent still last. Songster refused the seoond jump on the hill, but was eventually trot over; and Curiosity remained at the head of his horses along the back stretch for tho second time, Moonlight and Topsail being his immediate attendants. Ncaring the earth jump Uoonlight and Ituby closed with Curiosity, the latter of whom, however, landed in front of them; but the career of Reticent was here out short. Curiosity was a length in front of Ruby ooming to the turn for home, and led Into the straight in front of Moonlight, Banker and Topsail having fallen at the last jump. Fairly into the line for home, Curiosity's bolt was shot, for Ruby, coming out, won In a canter by 10 lengths, whilst Moonlight was third half a dozen lengths from Curiosity. Atlas was fourth. Lizette fifth, and Reti cent, Danker, and Topsail, ail of whom had been re mounted, followed in strageilng order. Time. 6m. 40s. I THE MALVERN HANDICAP, Of 100 bo vs. Second 10 sovs. Seven furlongs. Mr. W. E. Dakln's br c Damocles, by Gang For ward-Queen of Naples, 3 yrs. Cst. 121b. (Tomlin) 1 Mr. J. - Iteid's ch g The Ghost, aged. 8st. Dib. (Williams) 2 Mr. J. Whittingham's br m Honora, G yrs, 7st. Clb. (Ramagc) 8 Mr. R, Hatty's cli hUwberto, 0 yrs, 7st. 111b. (Trahanl .. .. ~ 0 Mr. S. Miner's br o Munwyrtina, 8 yrs, 7st. 101b, (Twomey) 0 Mr. J. Harper's b g Uncas, 5 yrs, 7st 91b. (Sanders) 0 Mr. T. Uennison's ch h Espiegle, 6 yrs, 7sL 71b. (Guy) 0 Mr. T. Coffey's b I Honeycomb, 4 yrs, 7sU lib, (Brown) .. .. - 0 Mr. W. Y. Bryant's b c Lord of the Manor, 3 yrs, 7st. (O'Connor) .. 0 Mr. M. 8. Mackenzie's b f Mia Mia, 8 yrs, Cut. 121b. (M. O'Brien) 0 Mr. R. Hoyeted'a b o Now Fashion, 8 yrs, 6st. 101b. (J. O'Connor) 0 Bon. W. Pearson's b g Glenlivet, 4 yrs, Cst. 101b. (Rhodes) 0 Mr. Q. Brad shaw's ch g Uestus, aged, Cst. 12lb, in cluding 51b. penalty (Horry) 0 Mr. L Foulsham ns br o Chicago, 3 yrs, 6:t. 51b. (Morrison) 0 Mr. D. Fountain ns brc Rouge et-Noir, 3 yrs, Cst 21b. (Fountain) .. 0 Mr. J. Leek's bg Beckwith, 4 yrs, Cst. (M'Grath) 0 Betting.-3 to I (at first 8 to 1) agst The Ghost, 6 to 1 agst Munwyrtina and Damocles, 10 to 1 ajst Rouze et-Noir. Rouge-ct-Kolr, on the inside, was first away, with Munwyrtina and Glenlivet next, tide by side. In a few strides Beckwith and Glenlivet assumed the lead jointly, and were followed by The Ghost and Honora. Very sooa, however, Beckwith held a decided lead from everything, and came alone the railway five lengths in front of Rouge-et-Noir and The Ghost, Kspieglc lying last. Nearing the home bend Damocles, on the rails, made a fast run, and led into the straight, succeeded by Munwyrtina, Beckwith, and The Ghost, Honora also showing prominently. Damocles led up to the distance, at that point being a couple of lengths in front of The 'Ghost A score yards from home Damocles appeared to have everything beaten, but at that juncture The Ghost came with a great burst of speed, and was only beaten on the post by a bead, Honora finishing third, three lengths off. Cestus was fourth, Beckwith fifth, Umber to next, and Espiesle whipper-in from end to end. Time, lm. 32a. STAKES WON AT TOE MEETING. Mr. T. Foulsham First Summer Cup " « .. £255 Mr. W. Y. Bryant First Steeplechase.. " ,, .. 240 Mr. J. H. Hill First Juvenile Stakes .. .M .. 230 Mr. T. Jones First Hurdle Race.. «. .. .. .. ISO Mr. J. G. Beid First SeJHiur Race £100 Second Malvern Handioap .. .. 10 110 Mr. W. & Dakln- 1 First Malvern Handioap.. «. n .. 90 Mr. C. 1* Macdonald Second Summer Cup .. .. .. £40 Third Juvenile Stakes .. .. .. 10 60 Mr. E. Ifltohelaon Second Jnvenile Stakes .» « .« .> 40 Ifr. \Y. A. Menziea Second Steeplechase .. .. .. 40, Mr. D. Fbuntain- i Second Burdle Race u » ?> 8j Total " .. £1238 