SABINA ZBMBRA. A NOVEL Br WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "macleod op Dare," "A Princess of Trull," &c.; (The Right of Translation is Reserved.) " You spoke of tho theatre," he said rather nervously. " What do you say, now, to coming and dining with me at a restau rant, and then I will send up a commis sionaire to one of tho Bond-3trccl agencies to secure a box ? " bhc was niclineu to look upon tms as a piece of bravado ; but guessed that perhaps ho had fallen in with a little money some where. And he had ; for the £50 had, somewhat unexpectedly, arrives! from Buck inghamshire ; and Poster was determined to make this go as far as possible in showing evidence of his bettering condition. How much would Mrs. Kairservice imagine lay behind that little offer of a dinner und a box at the theatre/ "No, we'll divide that programme into two halves," she said. u You may go and £Ce about the box now ; I will older a bit of dinner for us here. What o'clock is it /" J'erhans this win sarcasm ; she could see thai his watch pocket was eiuj»ty. " I have left my watch at home," he said. "But J should fancy it must be close on six." " Then go and get the box." she said, "and. I will order dinner for 0.59). We may as well see the farce, if there is one ; and i have good, healthy old- fashioned tastes." Now not only did Mr. Poster go and secure for himself an expensive box ;.t one of the best theatres, but also he -.vent round by Covcut. Garden and purchased for Mr./. Fairservtce a very beautiful bouquet. He himself carried it : back with him > > the hole!, and, when he \- presented it, there was no appr.reut cynicism j in the smile of thank with which she re ceived it. Perhaps she was a little bit im pressed by tnis display of ailluenco, despite nor habitual hhrcwdness. At all events, here he was in London ; and with so lit tle fear of being laid by the heel®, or otherwise inter fered with, that he van proposing to go to a public' theatre. Indeed, as they sat at dinner, she became much more frank witu him about her rela tions with Cnntiey and her plan.-: for work ing upon these. Once or twice, too, she seemed to imply that aim was counting upon his — that is, upon Foster's — confederacy and so anxious wni he to assure her of his beiug a person worthy of trust that he would not, at first, touch a drop of wine. "What's up no.v/" she said, when he refused. " I don't wish to provoke any more com plimentary remark?," he answered. "Oh, about the iook ot" vour eyes/" she said. " If it. comes to that, 1 would sooner see you drinking wir.c than drugging vour- yelf with choral. Jiuw long have you been at it?" "IJow long have I been at it?" lie repeated. "How long does a lit of toothache last/ About a century, 1 suppose." Well, it must have been u pretty long lit to have altered your appearance so," she said, shrewdly. " I funded you looked rather white about the gills when we mot, at Seiirbuiougli. And that' not like you. You used to keep yourself in pretty lit condi tion." " I am as well as ever I was in my life," he said, bluntly, "And I will take some wine — I would rather do that than be picked to pieces." " Oh. I didn't mean to offend," she said, good- nutuiudly. " It wnsonly a little iriendly inquiry. And by the way, Master Fred, it has occurred to me that, in view of cer tain possibilities in the future, it would be as well for you and me not to be scon to gether at that theatre to-night. One or other of us must keep in a safe corner in the box." "J quite agree with you," be said, quick!;,'. " And as I haven't evening tires) ou, I'll keep in tho background." indue course of time Mr.j. Fail- service's carriage was summoned and tliey drove to the theatre, where, if lie remained discreetly withdrawn from the public gaze, she was very much en veidnnce indeed, with her opera-glass aud fan and bouquet, it is to be feared that lie did not pay great heed to the performances that followed, He had learned a good deal that evening. It was abundantly clear that, whoever might help him out. of present straits, that person was not Mrs. T'air.-crvice. Further than that, it wt!3 just as clear thut she would have him present a pecuniary clean bill of health beioro accepting him as her coadjutor. On the other hand, she still, seemed to count on his assistance ; there wh« some If Li lo time yet in which to prove himself eligible for the honorable past ; ami the more he studied lac possibilities' of the scheme she was planning, the more he saw what a splendid coup it would prove for himself if properly managed. But in tue meanwhile the paramount need was numey. Money must, be got at all or any hazards — if oniy to stay the mouths of the wolves who were bunting hi id. When he had safely escorted Mrs. Fair- service back to her hotel, and made an appointment to see her that day week, he walked away up Regent-street to the Uochnmbeau Club, and unlit! if Mr. John Russell were within. The Roclmmbeau was a small club, of somewhat shady reputation, and chiefly devoted to baccarat, dcartd. poker aud billiards. At this hour — a little after li — it seemed deserted ; looking through the glass p iuels of the inner doors, Foster could ouly sue one or two young men dawdling about in evening dress nud crush-hats, and apparently just arrived from the theatre. iL.-wever, one of these did happen to be Mr. Juiinny Russell, who, when summoned by the waiter, crmc leieurely along into the outer bull, chewing a toothpick, and looking at once surprised and amused. " Well, this is a fair piece of bluff, this is," he said. " i had to chance it— there was no help for it," was Foster's answer. "No, io," the flabby and whitc-cheekcd young inau said, facetiously, " I can hardly believe it. What do you hold in your hand / Three aces and a pair I'll be bound. Or a straight flush / You've got something to show." "I wish I had," Foster said bitterly. " I've come to town to ask you to do for me what Raby sucakcd out of. A shabbier trick was never played. Your excuses for liim ouly make it worse ; for lie never need have undertaken it rit all if be didn't mean it." " Ifavc a drink," said Mr. Russell coolly. " That is one of the advantages of a proprietary club, you can have anything, at any time, and for nuybody, that will put a penny iii the manager's pocket, Or a bit of supper? The fellows lmvcn't come iri yet ; there's nothing doing." " No, i would rather not go iuto the Club." Russell laughed. " The cavalier in hiding — good subject for a picture." Foster considered the pleasantry rather ill-timed, but was glad enough to fiud Johnny Russell in good humor. " Come out for a bit of a stroll," he said. " Y.re can talk without risk of being over heard." Russell put on a light overcoat, and to gether they went out ; the dusky thorough fares around Hanover-square gave them ample opportunity of uninterrupted conver sation. " Are yon going to stand my friend, Jack," was Foster's plain question. " To what tune was the equally plain answer. " Well, if you will lend me £300 — if I can show it — I can put my hand on another £200, and that together surely should pacify them in the meantime " " £800 1" tho other eai>ij, in a less friendly fashion. " Why, Raby nfrver suggested any thing so much as that." "No, because he didn't know what a chance I had," Foster said, eagerly. " He thought it was merely to put me on my legs again. Rut it isn't that. I daren't tell you what the chance is — but it's a very big tiling " Oh, yes, it's always that," the younger man said, evidently disliking the whole situation. " And perhaps it is a good clianco. But, you know, Foster, I don't quite gee why I should pav in older to let you have another gamble. "It isn't gambling at all!" Foster pro tested — and no was earnest enough on this occasion—" it is giving me a helping hand to let me get my head above water— and just when there is a fresh start offered me. Bcjidcsy.Man, you will be paid, every Ear thing." " It's easy to say that," the other grab bled. \ " Oh, but this time it really is ell right; As.soou as Sir Anthony Zembra comes back from Antwerp my wife is goincrtohim to get him to increase her allowance — there's the grandson to be considered you see — and out of that increase she will pay you backthe whole of the £3lM), if you only give her I ime. 1 need not appear in it at ail. Tte instal ments — monthly or quarterly, as you ploaso — will be forwarded by her. It is as safe as the bank." " How do you know that Sir Anthony will give your wife what she asks 7" the other said, still suspicious. " Why, he's bound to ! Rut I'll tell you what, wait and see. I am content to abide by the result." " Who is to let me know »" Johnny Russell said, rather coldly. This was so plain an intimation that Foster's word might not be considered as all suillcient that for a second or two he was rather at a loss. Rut presently lie said, " Why, it's very simple. Will you be content with this / If my wife writes to you and says she is in a position to pay you so much a quarter, and will do so, will that satisfy you /" " Yes, certainly." "And vou will let me have the money ?" " Ve5-! " It's a bargain then," Foster said, with evident relief. " Mind you, old fellow, 1 haven't said much about gratitude and all that, but 1 don't forget such things. It's when a fellow is down that he feels thorn most. Come." he said, presently, " there's a public-house down there. Let's have a brandy and soda on the strength of tins. I've been at the theatre this evening — with a Mrs. Fairseivice — and doing propriety. 1 should like a drink." " Fnblic-bouse brandy," said Johnny Rus sell, rather gloomily. " Why didn't you huve it at the club ?" "Oh, it's all the same — it' all corn and potato spirit," Foster said, cheerfully. " it will oe quite a new sensation for niu to stand treat at a counter — a remembrance of old days, when you had got hold of a thirsLy bookie and wanted him to give you some thing like Christian prices. The worst of j these places is that their spirits ate so diluted | 1 that you can hardly taste liicuu ; tire only i way is to have a double dose." | Ho Foster and his friend went into the private bar and had their drink there — though Johnny Russell did not seem to like the look of this unfamiliar place. "And how long are you going to face it out in London / " toe latter aMtcd. " It's pretty cheeky, von know." Yes. j believe you,"' Foster sr. id — to whom a deep draught of the brown brandy i and soda-water, seorr.cd to have imparted a new animation. ' But. I ain quite r.wure that the a'tnosphero of the Metropolis of England is much too sultry for my con stitution ; I'm off to-morrow or next day. I shall vanish like a ghost. unLil 1 hear it's j all right about the £300 ; and then I'll get', you £200 and give you a list of people — the I Jennings and Jiiu Dearie and a lot of thorn, and you'lL have to do your best to bring thorn to reason. I know you will do it far bettor thrtu Rabv. They would suspect him. He's too keen a file all tho way round. Rut they must kiiow you have nothing lo gain. Shan't we have ii jolly little ulnnor, olu man, when I can come back clear and safe — at tho Bristol, eh ? — the old room ! " There was a kind of incoherence about his talk and manner, though that could hardly be attributed to drink, for ho had taken very little wine at dinner, and hud since touched nothing till now. "Where are you off to, then /" his coia- | panion said. "Oh," I'll lind some safe quarters some where — whore 1 can see a morning gallop or two. Not in Yorkshire, though, 1 hope : just you believe me. I hud a haddish time of j it when I was there, i never was so down on my luck — — " ' You're not looking very well after it, anyway," Russell said, regarding iiim with his pale, lack-lustre eyes. "No, by Jove, you're not looking up to the niark." "Neither would you be, 1 dare say," Foster rejoined, with simulated cheerfulness. " Well, olu man, you're off back to the Club, f suppose. I'm going down home to try aud get some slcap. I've had some bad nights lately." Outside the publichouse there were a few final words of undertaking and direction, and then they parted and went their rcverai ways. (To be Continued.) 