Br BERTHA M. CLAY. e (Continued from our last.) Dinner was eeved. In the centre of the table stood a splendid basket of white lilacs; tbrirpetuome filled all the room. "While lilacs so late in the season I" cried Isabel, and running to the table, she bent over, drew the centre.piece to her, and buried her face in the snowy, fragrant mass. " Flowere I flowersle she whispered, " you nre my witnesses. Am I not keeping my row? A little laoncer, and all will be done I' Shortly after dinner Gertrude rexcused her self to lsabel and went to her room. A little t later Lord Castlemaine came in, and finding Isabel in tihe drawing-room, explained as well as he could the sudden departure. "Pray don't speak of it. I think you are very wie. You are doing just ight. I will go to Mis Allerton. I have sent her a note. Oh. I envy Gertrude going down to that lovely home, so sante, so sweet, eo noble I Nothing to do but be good and happy. Ah, It I had a home like Heath, I think I should ask no thing better than to live there all the. time; doing good to my tenantry; making the coun try btter and happier, and uphou.lding the glory of an illnotrioiuas historic name." Nightbroughteuaunsel. Gertradeeawplainly that her own dignity required that she should go quietly to Heath. It she made any eana. psded, it must be when driven to greater ex tremea. As for Lord Castlemaine, his heart had grown apathetin with excess of his musing. He did not know that he was miejodging his young wife. The lovely fabric of his hope and affection seemed to have fallen in ruins about him. The future was hopeless-the pre sent was pain. Lord and Lady Castlemaine breakfasted alone in utter silence. In silence they entered the carriage togo to the station -in silence they made the journey to Nesth, in the reserved, first-clase car. tI was only about a year since, foll of joy and lore, Gertrude had gone to her new home after her bridal tour. Then time was all to chorn for the overflowing words oft ffee. lion between the married lovers. Now all wa ?e elom and silence. Gertrude fixed her evze upon tare landseenpe-it was beantiful K.-ot. with its low, green hilla, its cathedrals, it, vPllges, its thatched cottages. Lord Castle maine read the Landon Times. lntenlely truthful and honourable, Ger troe was wounded in her tenderest sensibi ie+r by the suspicions and accusneations of her I ,shoud. One of her traits was obstinacy. rn. in this she shut herself up. She would nver yield; Rldolph must come to see that habo.l wsonged her, and mnat make the hum blet apologies. Shedidnot knowthat shecould forcive him even then. On his part, Lord Castlemaine, beholding hier anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Colonel Lennox, and distress at being parted from him. He could not have made a greater mistake. All the joy of a return to his ancestral home, which he deeply loved, was taken from Lord Castlemaine. Gertrude regarded Neath as a prison, and hated it cordially. A divided life now began between this ill fated pair. Very often Gertrude did not come to breakfast. It she did, she met bahr husband with a cold nod, and the two read theirletters and their newspapers as they sipped their tea and ate their eggs and toast. Afterbreakfast Lord Castlemaine busied himself wIth the cares of a great estate; he wrote, and saw his steward in the library; he took long rides to examine different farms, or visited cottages that were in need ot repairs, or school-houses which should be improved. A year before, all plane, all interests had been dismesed with Gertrude. She had gone with him on horseback to the farms; she had enchanted all the tenants with her courtesy; she had called at the school-houses; and fascinated the old bachelor rector in the ree tory, and visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a bountiful hand. The two met at dinner, but neither asked the other how the day had been spent; there were no animated discussions. Gertrude did not tell Rudolph of the young mother whom she had found weeping over her dead babe, nor of the aged widow whom she had com forted; nor did Rudolph ask Gertrude for a wedding troussean for the gamekeeper's niece, or for a christening robe for a baby on some farm near Redmoss. After dinner, Lord Castlemaine read alone in his library, or smoked his cigar ashe paced the terrace. Lady Castlemaine walked alone in the gardens, or eat with some idle knitting in her hands, or eat down to her piano, which she pointedly left if her husband appeared. Such a life as this is killing, especially if it intervenes like a sudden frost on thewarm, budding spring of youth. Lord Castlemaine had the relief of occupation, for he was a landlord who realized his duties toward his dependents. Gertrude had two sources of relief, one was long walks, and hours of wan dcring in the wide and beautiful grounds of Neath Abbey. There she found not only :raim gardens, shaven lawns, parks delicately bleared of all undergrowth, but wild streams, Saep, lonely dells, thick woods, winding walka among the fire. where for hours she would hear no step save her own. She be came accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her servants became acenustomed to seeing her go for hours unaccompanied, to wander in the abbey parks. The year before she had been deeply inter ceted in the tenantry, especially the poorer class. Her unbounded generosity found scope among these, who looked up to her as a visible Providence. The large sum which she received as "pin-money"from her hus band, and that other large sum, which Lady Craven relieved her mind by regularly remit ting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came to her know ledge. The housekeeper, mindful of her lady's disposition, as soon as she returned to the abbey, laid before her all cases of need-this one sick, that old dame gone blind, the mother whose children needed to be fitted out for school, the baby that must have clothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheel chair, the young girl that should learn a Irade. Gertrude was too generous to turn a deaf ear to any of these pleas, and in them she found some relief for her sorrows. In her bours of lonely musing as she rest lessly wandered alone, she tried to form some plan for her future. This life would become unendurable; she would go mad. After a while she would insist on going toher mother at Eastdale Park, in Sussex, her own future estate. tceanwhile, not knowing what might happen, she recalled leabel' advice about money, and weekly put a sum into a locked esnket in her boudoir. She never counted it to see how much she had, but the very falt of this saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan ot flight, of lacing herseli to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. Shea felt sure that Rudolph, if he had ever loved her, had now changed love to hate, and ehe never considered that disappearance would cralsh her mother'd hap. pines. She supposed that society would console her mother for anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. One evening, as Lord Castlemaine was returning to the abbey, his sonl fall of bitter pain over his lost love and blighted home, he saw a young carpenter of the village neaming hisnown village. Thin yoang fellow habd been married two or three months before the earl, who had given him a splendid set of tools as n bridal gift. Now this young workman was going home with eagermace and long, swing in; strides; and now, from his door came out the young wife, joy in her pretty face, a little infant in "a gown o sprinkled pink" lying on her arm, and went to meet bar husband, whom she greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom he regarded with evident pride aod astonishment at its beauty and brightness; then taking his wife's hand, they walked home, the mingled sound of their happy vpiees coming clearly to the earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of angnish through his soul. When he lifted his head again he was passing the window of a cottage, and there within, dit Gertrude, in her white dress of Indir mall. and her selsters of roses, and on her lap lay the cottager's babe in its white christening robe. How lovely was aeltrde; what sweetness in her face, bent above the little babe. The picture pursued her husband and filled his dreams through all the night. CHAPlTEl XL. A TE?Den rLV.T. , Gertrude," said Lord Castlomaine the next morning, laying down his paper when the servant hed left the brealkfast.room. "ran eou not try and be n little happier here? You bave lost all your gy spirits. I think you are a little pale, ad yoe are listless and sad 0,n you not cast away all that is unpleasant in the past, and be happy" .' "No; I cannot I" said Gertrude, sharply. "And why not, Gertrude?" "Because I have nothing to be happy abshout." "It seems to me, on the contrary, that you are one whom all can envy; health, youth, ocauty, fortune, positioe, home-" "Prison, you mean." interrupted Gertrude. 'You can fasten birds up in a cage, but you cannot make them sing there." " I am sorry if my home-if Neath Abbey, is a prison to-you." "1 hate Neath ,Abbey I" cried Gertrude botly. ake y "Can I take you anywhere where you will be happier. Will you go to Switzerland? Or shall I take you to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. You may like the scenery there." "I do not wish to be taken anywhere. It is the taking that I object to. You speak as if I were an infant or an idiot, and as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter." "Gertrude, you eurprise me I Why do you cherish these feelings toward me." " Because you have given me the bitterest occasion. You took me away from London against my will, and as if I were a criminal I Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnes Scurton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she is weary of answering questions about Lady Castle maine. You have disgraced me. and deliber ately ruined my life. You could net have been more cruel. You said once, that you could be cruel to one you fondly loved. I must take the cruelty then as a proof that once you loved me, though it is a poor proof, and Iwould ratherhavelesulove andlresuhate." "Believe me. Gertrude. I have loved you, . do love you with all my heart-with the whole strength of my nature." "And you prove it by making me miser able-causelesely miserable l I wish none of such love." The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to her room to avoid continuance oel the conversation. Lord Caestlemaioe told himself that this was the wilfulness of a high-.tempered girl, who was unneed to any interference. By degrees the excitement and passion of her leaving London would be a thing of the past, and they would be reconciled. He had hoped that there being alone would draw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to .put them farther asunder. A third patty would make it needful for them to speak more together, and be more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends. As for Gertrude, the short conversation in which she had so illy met her husband's pacific advances aroused to fresh heat all her anger. As she had said, she nourished an in tense hate of Neath. She hated the family relies, the armorial bearings, all that bespoke the antiquity of the line. She told herself that it was pride of pedigree that made Rudolph so exacting; he felt that he could dominate her because" his family was better than here." Hehad said so. What an insult I Of all things she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits i she hated those dark, proud, self-confident lords, every one looking as if he cried, " Castlemtine against the world I " "It is just the story of the old French sieur put into English I " cried Gertrude to herself. "There is the pope, and there is the king, but I am a Castlemaine I" But of all things she hated the portraits of the Ladies Castlemaine-those mild, delicate featured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some of the earlier ones possibly had hardly knew how to read. Many of them for sole accomplish ments playing on the spinct, and Working on the tambour.frame; but they had all known how to obey, and it was this feminine meek. ness and weakness that had ruined the earls of Castlemaine. " Well, at last there should be a Lady Castle maine who would hold her own and fight to the death. "I wish," she cried to them in her tury, " that you would all come alive out of your frames just one minute, to hear what idiots I think you, and let you know that I am a higher spirit than you. It would be worth something even to disgrace the name of sucsh a weak-minded line of countes'es, not one of you able to claim your own y..ul for your own l" Gertrude's state of excitement was such that she did not see the absurdity of this out. burst to the family portraits. She was in a singularly excited nervous state which she did not realize and the true cause of which she did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reason that Lord Castlemaine could assign for his wife's con tinued anger and obstinacy was the lingering regret for Colonel Lennox. He was of an in tensely jealous disposition, and he had heard people say that Colonel Lennox was a man siagularly fascinating to most women, and able to exercise over them the most unbounded influence. The idea that Colonel Lennox had dared to follow his wife to D?th I Even though he accepted Gertrude's statement that sho had nothing to do with it, it showed clearly that the colonel was sufficiently interested to watch all her movements, and that he had felt con fident of a good reception at her hands. Still, Gertrude was his wife; he loved her well. Things might go back to nearly the old tender looting, if she would lay aside her pique.and. treat himas inhappydays. Shewasguiltyonly ofheedlessness, the follyofinnooenceandinex. perienoe. Hemunt close up the breach between them at all hazard. Gertrude was sitting in one of the long, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking upeon the terrace, her hands in her lap, her head leaned back against the crimson chair-cuahion. Lord Castlemaine came up be hindher and laid in her lap two heavy bnnches rf whits rofes. "See, Gertrude, your own floweral VWe shall grow famous for our roses soon. John son thinks he can produce a new variety, the very crown of white roses. We will oall it the ' White Castlemains.'" " Why, you have no flowers'on your dress, as you usually have 1" "F lowers are for the happy." "But t wish you to behappy, Gertrude." "Yes, in your way; but happiness is not umade to oerder." S"At leastyou can wear somen flowersl See, I I will arrange you a cluster for your belt." He began breaking off an combining the I Soenes, and then bent to put the fell cluster I iaies plase. Gertrude snulered him to do it, but-only as one who condones. When be a end fsnishbed. she said: "In that, too," aid Lady Castlematne'to herself, as she went to her room, "I shall be like the flower. I havehad my day of bloom -how short a day I-but I have missed the joy of life. I shall bloom no more." Gertrude was falling into a strange state of despondency. A day or two alter Dr. Randal, the physielan of Neath and edmoss,. was at the abbey. He was a gifted, scholarly man, of Lord Castlemaine's age, and distantly related to the family of the carl's mother. There was a sincere friendship between them, and when the doctor had for any cause to come to the abbey, Lord Castlemaine always had an hour's chat with him. They were in the library, where they could not be seen from the park, but could see all that passed. Lady Oastlemaine came slowly into view; her hat was held in one hand, in the other a great stag-hound had thrust his nose as he walked at her side, but other dogs followed her. Gertrude was very fond of doge. Her white dress trailed in soft folds over the green torf ; she moved languidly, and her golden hair, twisted closely about her head, revealed the paleness of her face. Dr. Randal looked earnestly toward her. Is Lady Castlemaine ill?" "No," replied Lord Castlemaine, with a start. "Why do you ask?" "It struck me that she was thinner than a year ago; that her step had lost some of its buoyant spring; that her face was too pallid." "She has said nothing; she seems well." "No doubt, then, it is nothing. The heat of the day; a little extra fatigue. But you will do well to be careful, Lord Castlemame, She is a very tender plant." "Do you think her delicate? I have always admired the unusunal vigor and elas ticity at her health." N?o doubt; she is unusually healthful. Bet. then, she is like all at her rank, the product of a hot-house lilfe and education; snch fair flowers bear little beanting of rude winds. No doubt, just now, your lady is feeling the fatignue of aLondon season. Ladies of fashion, the leaders of society, have a life trying to the physical powers. Their lot is far more taxing than that of many'a rosy cheeked dairy-maid, whom they pity because she must rise early and work so hard." "It you think there is anything wrong, Randal, I wish you would call upon my wife." "That would only alarm her, and make matters worse. If there is anything really wrong she will soon send for me. Watch over her health; keep her cheerful; distract her thoughts from herself. No doubt we shall soon see a reaction, if not -" She ran down the flight of stops and joined the gardener. who, respectfully stepping a few paces behind her, indicated the way to the new flower, which was that summer hie chief pride. Sick at heart and restless in soul, Lord Castlemaine also went down the terrace and followed at a distance. His wife made him unspeakably miserable, vet he could not endure to have her ouat of his sight. The fact was. Gertrude had loved Rudolph Castlemaine with all her heart, as her first love; but hers was untutored, untried girl's heart, and though Rudolph had never loved before, he was older, and of more settled and experienced emotions, and his love for his wife was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. Lady Castlemaine and her gardner turned to a narrow path, and came to the American Yase. It grew alone, in a small ciroleedged with a close-cut border lf thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of smoky, flame-flecked green rose the yucca in a basket five feet in diameter of wide green leaves bent back one above the other, until their sharp points touched the earth from which they grew. Out of this natural basket shot the shaft of the plant to a height of eight feet, and this shaflt for folly five feet was a mass of snow-white bloom-great bells, as it carved of alabaster, the lower flower-stems being the longest and most heavily laden, until the whole was a pyramid of pearl-wlite beauty flooded by the white light of the moon. "Saw you ever the like, my lady 2" cried the eotatio Johnason. "I did not wish you to ec ituntil every flower-bell was open, and here it stands alone under the moon, like a great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit-a white angel of flowers in the midst of the garden." "You are poetic, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. "Eb, my lady? Well, it is just a sight to stir a man's soul. And, my lady, standing back here as I am, I cannot tell you how much your ladyship is like the flower. In your white gown, my lady, and with youar height, standing there so still, you are just like the yucca, my lady." "Thanks for the compliment, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. "I wonder if, in years to come, when the yucca blooms. I shall come here to see it, and you will sti'l think me like the flower." "May the Lord send you many years to come into the garden, my lady. Bet for this yucca-st least, hero in England- when it has given one such perfect bloom as this, it never blooms again." "I don't love flowers as once I did; the odor is too heavy, it overpowers me," and she pushed the remaining blossoms from her lap. "Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaino, ignor ing this. Suppose we have some one invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, and you seem not to care about horseback riding as you once did; you are lonely: why not invite some friends." "It is your home," said Gertrude, coldly; "invite whom you choose." "But I want the company as you choose," said Lord Castlemaine. "It is far your sako, I was very happy last year, when we were here alone; but now I think yeou need some one to amuse you." " Understand," said Gertrude, clearly, "that I will invite no one here. You have found much fault with my choic of acquaint. ances, and have asserted a right to give me orders as to how I shall treat people that I meet. If I should ask any one, it might chance that you were not pleased, and I should expose guests to unpleasantness." " You have never found me lacking in courtesy or hospitality. When we agree upon a guest, you know my house and atten tion amre at their disposition." "When we agree," said Gertrude. "That is, I may go to you, and say; 'Do you per mit me to ask such a one? .May I make such a friend? IMay I-speak to this onel?' Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such terms." "Gertrude, why willyou misunderstand me? You know I never, but in one instance, interfered in the slighteet degree with your social life. bAnd thate was whore interference was imperatively needful, and where I was in a much better position to judge than you were. Colonel Lennox was a very bad man." "Yes, a wretched parvenue, lacking, as I do, some fifty known ancestors in a straight line.behind him. However, I prefernot to discuss ColonelLesnnox with you. By your jealousy, in London, you have mads me a mark for envious tongoes. We should never agree on that question; why continue it ? Among all my fanlts, I have one virtue. I hate all censoriouasness and uneoharitable speaking of those who are not at hand to dI. fend themeelves." She rose, and stopped out on the balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light. Johnson, the head gerdener, was passing a broad walk. . "Johnson I" criedLady Castlemaine, "' you told me that the true time to see the Americean Tacea was by moonlight; you may now show \- nntr ? What wralg the we'll be to L3rd Castsmeaiin "., nst h sea drro? * -. fits Costintaned.i 