MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC ENTER TAINMENT. A NUMBER of amateur performers gave a very successful dramatic and musical entertainment in the Temperance Hall on Wednesday evening in aid of the funds of the R. C. Church, Kiama. The first part of the programme was opened with an overture on piano and cornets, followed by the comedy of " Slalier and Crasher," which having thle merits of sprightliness and brov it'y ~nd coming well within the cnmm plis 'of the various actors gave every satisfaction. There was not a very great denl in the plot, which went to show that a faint heart. is not likely to win a fair lady, and that any courage, even if it be only of the Dutch order, is preferable to a tbtal absence of that qnnlity supposed to be flmjir~nt in every Briton; also that the next best, thing to pos sessing courage is to pretend that you have it, or at least as far tie practicable to justify Rosa Blowlhnrd's decision that " thie Iman who gets married can't be a coward," Following were the draumalis persone : - " Oristopher Crasher," r," FM . '.Prot ; " Liontenant Brown,"' Mr.. A Aoleson ; '' Bnjamnin Blowhard," Mr. VW. Dyer; " Sampson Slnsher," Mr. . Dwyer; " Miss Dina Blowlard," Miss Chester; " Miss Rosa Blowhard," Miss T. Geoghegan; " JolhnT. Servant," Mr. A. Achesoan. Mr. J. Galvifn' splondi tenor voice was heard to groat advantago in a sweet songi, " I her my 'mother's g?ntlo voice." This was followed by tile pong "Tired," niculy sang by Mine H. \Wood, amnd a brilliantly-execitod nild iighllv appreciated cornot solo, " Levy-athen Polka" liy Mr, A,. Acleson, roncluded the first part of the programnno. Thli second, part 'consisted of a very pleaiing seloction of "1istrel songs by the company in tle following order - "Tho OlId RItiio Bridge by the Mill," company. " Miss Iloolignn's Christmnns Cako," Mr. F. Prott " Gathering Shells," Miss T. Geoghegan ; " Sbie day I'll wandor back again," Miss . Olister ; " Colleein Avara," MiaH A. Geoghiogan "Are you going to the Ball this evoning," Mr. 'P. littinltghaosoiMe. M Bl. I. Dwyer and P. Ettillplibusoen occupied the position of " oornnr ind I." to " ' r. Joliinson," otherwise Mr'. F Prott, mid amongst the coloured gentleman's jests were Poveral which tickled tih audience iin-. moensly, na how, whln the inarrator of a littlo police court opisodo, in whioh he was personally intorestod, on his lirat nppear. ance before i lenionit P.M., was advised by that soft-hearted gentlemoin to bo more chaste and refined in his conduct in future, the very. next day he was chased and re-linod. Our niiticipal fathers wore compared to it loo notive in ancouit of their puffiinq, This being a nsow and original joke provoked all tlh inirtl it daserved, and (an doubtless our worthy municipal representatives tlhought) a little monre. A yolng lady's neck, we were told, is: not a neck when it is a little bear-a piece of' infornmation whiicli the young geotleloent in the gallery seemed to imake a note of.' After the ininstrelsy, which formedno a 'very pleasing pi)rt of the programmnn, Mr.Savage wIIs iighly ati'e cuslul in a clharniter wting" In the ldays wleon I was young," nacopanientld by, a dance displaying anl amotnt of youthful agility g'i.tristi ng Hstrofg ly with he old Ilnn's gouty'loklting legs annd generally decropit apponranceo, Mr, Galvin fol lowed. with a beautil'ul osentinonltal soing, and Miss Ip. Wood luccuteeded himi thlo ltUtortaiinteoilt windin g'up with the farce' of "i Granlnlotllherl' Ghost." Mrs', Coildory, with her us?al skill, noted as acconmpanist. The procoodls of tlh panr formaunco ronlised tlie atisfactory sum of £20. 