If the opemn«reittings afe fco be taken as nay indication for the future, it is to be feared that but little real bueinesB will be done by the Legislative Assembly this session. When Mr Oaunsoa assented to a hope that time would not be wasted, we were hopeful that honorable members would do something in the war of business in return for their liberal salaries, but Mr Bent has shattered that hope At the close of his speech on the address in reply, Mr Bent surprised the House by moving " That the administration of the Mining Department is unsatisfactory," Mr Bent made out a very bad case in support of Vis amendment, and so far as the debate has progressed, it has only served to show that the time absorbed will be absolutely wasted, and there is not a ghost of a chance of the want of confidence motion being carried. At the outset be commended, rather than damned, the Governor's speech, by admitting that there was a great deal that was neutral in it, and as the House was neutral also, it was impossible to take up a definite position as to what was said in the speech. Therefore Mr Beot cat the ground from under hie own feet bv admitting that there was no real ground at this stage for opposition to the Grovernment. That Mr Bent's essay is a hopeless one was admitted bv his own words when he had very fiu* advanced in his speech— " It was now said in the Press that he was simply the nominal leader of the Opposition, and that some of his immediate friends did not believe in hi m. He admitted łbat he was not in accordance with the views of everybodv on his side of the House. They were a sort of jubilee—or, if they liked it better, a go-as-you-please—-Opposition." Mr Bent says that he does not want to oust the Government, but that assertion reqoireB very much more than the proverbial grain of salt before it can be swallowed. He di<l not propose to solicit votee—the members behind him were perfectly independent—but he only wanted to put mining mutters right. And in what war can Mr Bent do this to his own satisfaction,"except by possessing himself of the neioe of Government, s.nd placing a Minister of hie own choosing at the head of the Wining Department? Thewant-of-confidence motion was based on the mining question because that is really the only matter on which any dissatisl action with the Government has been indicated, amd Mr Bent is evidently trying to form a following on this basis. But he will not be successful. The mining district members on the Government side of the House have plainly said that they will not follow Mr Bent's lead, and thoBe in the Opposition corner have expressed themselves in doubt as to bow they will cast tbeir votes. Mr Bent gave no adequate reasons why his amendment should be adopted. When he determined to indict the Government for maladministration in regard to the Mining Department, he should have been prepared with evidence to sub- | stantiate his charge, but he adduced absolutely no evidence in this direction, if we except his complaint that there is not a separate Minister allotted to the administration of the Mining Department. The miners of the colony hare asked that the Mining Department should have a distinct political bead unencumbered with business relating to other departments. There is no reason for finding fault with this demand, but there is no denying that - the business of the Mines Department is attended to as well as ever it has been. Mr Bell, who manages the department is certainly irresponsible, but he knows his business, Mr Gillies accepts all responsibility, and it remains to be shown that Mr Bent can find a Minister of Mines who will do belter and give greater satisfaction than the existing arrangement gives. Considerable dissatisfaction ' /Has.'.. been caused amoneet the miners by the manner in - which the distribution of the ProBpecjting Vote was conducted. We do not think that the vote was applied just as Parliament intended, or as it wojiid liave been pH>dndli«< 1 of most good, but Mr Gillies himself has recognised as much, and judging from his . remarks to the ^lepntation: from, thp Prospecting Boards fefri •weeks ago, though we had to depre-' cate I^FIIR^ tpne 4N • someinstances; IWB are "expecting If Parliament agree to another'j>rospjirfwg;v{>te y&sr; that its distribution, and the manner thereof, .will afford less gronnflioEcompl^tjthanypfts ihepate ip jCOnnj^^nł with last year's rote. Mr Bent t bolstered up hia case with almost everf a other matter except that on which his amendment is based, and he signally failed in making out even a respectable case. He condemned the defences, bat an experienced Imperial officer has approved them ; he ...characterised the Ohaffey irrigation colony as a gigantic blunder, but the people of the colony have expressed themselves almost universally in its favor. And so on with all the rest of his complaints. Mr , , , I Bent 6 amendment will be rejected on j the voices and it deserves to be, for he j has shown no cause for the majority of the House withdrawing its confidence from the Government. We do not know that the Ministry is altogether the best that has conducted the government of the colony, but they are giving general satisfaction at the present time, and better men to replace them are not in Parliament. "A Non-JabSlee Man," Woodend, must send as his name and address befote his letter can be published. This information is not required for publication. We understand that the municipal election in August will bring about a change in the representation of the Lauriston and Edgecombe Biding of the shire, Cr Barrow, who retires will not, we are in- j formed, offer himself for re- election Mr i EL L Aigyle bas announced nimselt as a candidate, and Mr Findlay Macdonald, of Lauriston, who formerly represented the riding, will also be a candidate. On Thursday evening Mr Joseph Barnes' carter, on his return journey from Romsey, got off łŁe dray when within about a mile of Kyneton, for the purpose of lighting his lamps, and while so engaged, the horses suddenly bolted and travelled down High Street and into Mollison Street, at a tremendous rate. There they were captured before doing or sustaining any damage, by two young men, W Hughes and P. Buggle. The driver had rather a narrow escape, as only by his dexterity he escaped being run over. Yesterday Mr H. Ł. Buscombe con- ducted a sale in the assigned estate of Mr Jesse Jacobs. There was a numerous attendance, and for many lines the bidding was fairly spirited. The plant, comprising engine, travelling chaffcutber, bagging machine, elevators, «fcc., was bought in at £190. The waggonette fell to Mr Darlington at £13 10s ; buggy to Mr W. Jacobs, £12; reaping machine, to Mr James Humphrys, £13 ; straw press, to Mr Clowes, at £0. The light and heavy draught horses sold at prices varying from £5 to £27, the higher figure being bid by Mr D. Hardwicke. Some four or five tons of chaff were knocked down to Mr Humphrys at £4 per ton. The Prince of Wales shares (1500), fell to Mr W. Rogers at a penny, subject to calls amounting to threepence. The smaller items brought satisfactory Ggures. The Vestry of St. Paul's Church have fixed upon Wednesday, October 5 for the Church of England annual tea meeting and concert. The fact that non-payment of municipal rates by the 10th June^ results in disfranchisement in connection with the municipal elections, has the effect of causing a rapid inflow into. the council coffers. The amount received on account of this year by the Hynetonshire ratecollector np to 8 o'clock last evening, when the office closed, was £2383 9s 6a. On Thursday £526 13s 6d was received, and yesterday the amount paid in was £410. Lauriston and Edgecombe, and Tylden and Trentham Ridings paid up well, but Kyneton Riding receipts were unusually low. The committee of the Kyneton Trades Association have decided that the 20th and 21st inst. shall be observed as close holidays by the business establishments of the town in honor of the Queen's Jubilee. A little girl, a daughter of Mr Gallagher of Green Hill, accidentally received a serious injury to her right arm yesterday. She was playing with her sister, and the latter took up a pick which she allowed unintentionally to fall upon her sister's ami. The point entered the muscles of the forearm and inflicted a severe wound about three inchcs in length. The little sufferer was brought to tie hospital, and after Dr Mitchell had sowed up and dressed the wound she was taken home again. Mr W. S. Corben, was unexpectedly delayed in his removal from Malmsbuiy, and took his seat at the borough council table last night for the last time. At the conclusion of the business Cr Corben thanked the councillors and theTownClerk for the udiform kindness and courtesy he had received at their hands, and expressed kindly wishes for their future, as well for the prosperity of the borough. Several councillors expressed regret at Sir Corben's removal from the borough, and referred to his departure as constituting a heavy loss to the borough. After the council rose, Mr Corben, by invitation, meta large number of his townsmen at the Junction Hotel. The Mayor presided. Mr Corben's health was proposed in a very happy speech, and was enthusiastically honored, expressions of regret at his removal and of wishes for future ent prosperity of tłle being general and hearty. m Mr _ Corben made g°°d a will suitable indicated acknowledg- towards him, and expressed his regret at leaving the borough. Mr Corben leaves Malmsbury to-day. " Selectors in tbe neighborhood of Trenthani, have been complaining of delay in the execution of the surveys by the Lands Department, and Mr Duffy, by request of some of the selectors, brought the matter under the notice of the Minister of Lands in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday. Mr Dow stated, in reply to Mr Dufiy, that steps had already been taken to expedite tiie surveys in the Treutham district. The delays had occurred through tiie resignation of tke authorised surveyor of tiie district, and the difficulty experienced ia getting another surveyor te take his place. Mr Lynch, of Ballarat, had, however, undertaken to complete the outstanding surreys as soon as possible. Ou his way to Malmsbuiy on Tuesday, Dr Goe called at the -Grammar School, and, on behalf of the boys, requested the Head Master to give a holiday at on early date. The boyś were very much pleased at the Bishop's kindness in remembering them. , Dr Goe takes a great interest in those schools in which the great importance of religious and moral instruction is recognised. . The donation of £25 voted by the KynetonBhire Council, ęn Saturday last, to the Queen's Fund has been received and acknowledged by the honorary treasurer to the movement. So faras we have been able to learn, the action of the council in Toting this amount as well as £25 pa the Ladies' Benevoient Society, is generally approved ty the ratepayers. • , On Wednesday Jast Willie Birkin, son of Mr A Biridn, feUfroni the trapeze at Prospect-Bouse Academy,-of which institution he is a;pupil,jand severely burt bis right arm, . At first it appeared. that tŁe sMu had been fe^tured, but'Dr Doncai^ łrho was called-in attendance, fonnd hat the bones were uninjured, though the rm ia if anything more badly hurt than if a fracture had been sustained. The members of the Loyal Coliban Lodge, JŁU.LO.O.F. have arranged to celebrate their 20th anniversary with a ball, to be held in the Town Hall, Malm 3- on Wednesday, July <5\. Very complete arrangements have been made with the view of thiB occasion being the mest successful of its kind in the history of the lodge. Messrs Gordon and Gotch of Melbourne have published a fax;-simile of the London Sun WWI, published [JUUlUllOll on UU the U1V evening ŁTBIllim of VI Her Majesty's Coronation Day, June 28th, 1838, and is a faithful duplicate of the newspaper published half a century ago. It is printed in gold, contains a full account of the coronation ceremony, a medallion portrait of the Queen, as well as many interesting items regarding the crowning of every other Monarch from William the Conqueror to William the Fourth. Copies of this can be supplied by all the local news-agents and booksellers, at 3d each. By a singular coincidence (says the Argus) the arrival and installation of the new Archbishop of Melbourne, Dr Carr, will take place on the anniversary of the death of his predecessor, the late Bright Rev. Dr Goold. who expired on the 11th June, 1886. It is usual to hold an anniversary mass for the repose of the souls of deceased prelates, but in consequence of the coincidence mentioned, the mass in ue8tioll been neCl toned from thia this occa,ion occasion unfcil until a later date. The members of the committee of the Kyneton Agricultural Association who attended at the shire hall on Thursday for the purpose of holding the usual monthly meeting, were Messrs Mil vain (President), J. T. Watson (Vice-president), Hookey, Brady, Argyle, Skehill, Hoss, H. L. Buscombe, Peters, Forater, W. Thomson, James Rennick, and Carter. As a mark of sympathy with Mr J. C. Daniel (expresident) in his recent bereavement, the committee unanimously resolved to adjourn the meeting till next Thursday. In order that no inconvenience might be occasioned to the contractors, the accounts were passed for payment as follows :—\V. Noble, £65 ; J. Gray, £20 ; J. Owen, £20 ; rates, £15s; Norman, 7s. The Railway Commissioners have an- nounced that on the 18tk, 20th, and 21st June, tickets will be issued at holiday excursion fores to and from all stations, those on the suburban lines excepted, available for return until the 25th inst. This will enable country residents to see the metropolitan illuminations, while affording the Melbourne people a chance to get into the country. In the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening, in answer to Mr Bent, Mr Pearson stated that a week's holiday was to be given in the State schools on the occasion of the Jubilee, in order to impress the event on the minds of the children. Mr Pearson also expressed the hope that the teachers would remain in their own districts, and assist in the festivities. Mr Anderson {Villiers and Heytesbury), told the House an extraordinary story on Thursday, tlie Ttitqrapk states. Mr Anderson frequently acts as an executor, and he says he has found that the officers who make out a valuation of the property of deceased persons ask unnecessary questions. In one case, where the valuation of a large freehold property was at once accepted, the -department sent an official letter asking whether the deceased had a watch, and in another whether the deceased was possessed of ahorse. What difference could the possession of either have on the revenue? This was the question Mr Anderson asked of the Attorney-General. Mr Wrixon astonished the House by declaring that through exercising great care in little things, the revenue arising from probate duty had been within very recent yeurs increased by £30,000. He is now making inquiries into the operation of the system at work, and the Assembly will hear more about it at a later stage of the session. The same ground of complaint recently came under onr notice in connection with the estate of a gentlemen who died in this district (not in Kyneton). The attorney for the estate regarded the questions of the officials as unnecessary and declined to answer them, and the value of the estate was increased by adding to it the goodwill of the dead man's business. A more ridiculous " Paddy Corcoran, tiie hands of the I words, into the hands of the police. On Tuesday last a charge of habitual drunkenness preferred against him was withdrawn, and out of compassion for his own illness and that, of two of- his children, the Bench fined him the nominal sum of one shilling for being drunk, and the fine was paid by one of the magistrates. Corcoran has now exhausted sympathy, and will, this time, meet with his deserts. On Wednesday morning one of Corcoran'E sons died, and Dr Mitchell allowed him out of the hospital for two hours to make arrangements for the burial of his child. He did not return to the hospital, but was found on Thursday afternoon, lying helplessly drunk on the footpath in Mollison Street. He had with him half a bottle of whisky, and the sum of eleven shillings was fonnd upon him. Again he was locked up for being drunk, and the charge of being an habitual drunkard was renewed. Yesterday morning Sergeaut Young released him on his own bail, that he might attend his child's funeral, and he is to appear at the police court, on Tuesday next. As Corcoran has not profited by past leniency the charge of habitual drunkenness will be pressed. It is not often that die echoes of Parliament-house are awakened by strains' of music ; but such was the case on Wednesday night, and what is stranger still, the strains issued in fall, round tones of powerful chorus from the .precincts of the Council-chamber. The air was our glorious National Anthem, and the chorus none less than Hie metubers of that Chamber, who sang the time honoured air as a special mark of love Rnd loyalty to Her Majesty after they had adopted the Jubilee address which is to be sent to her from Parliament. The idea was proposed by Mr Simon Frsser, and was at once agreed to,' the President intimating that he would not " feel it'his duty " to pre- vent it. A Blight pause took place before it was started, a leader being wanted; but Mr Balfour immediately came to the rescue, and led off, being quickly followed by all who could sing, Mr Hanna contenting himself by beating time with a piece of folded paper as a blton. Later on in the -evening Mr Melville—whose musical education must have been unique —ventured the opinion that instead of leading the proper tune, Mr Balfour sang the air of " The Old Hundred.' " Tins caused great merriment, as Mr Melville was wrong, and, after a pleasant sally by Mr Balfour respecting that gentleman's musical knowledge, business was resumed. . • SWGH ON FILES "—Why suffer piles Immediate relief and complete cure guaranteed. Ask for " Rnugh on Piles." Sure cure for itching, protruding, deeding, or soy farm to Piles. .'• - • •'BOUGH ON CXTLERH" correct offensive odors at once. Complete cure of worst .<3uouic<»se theri%»ore 