sporting; ' Pegasus,' of th e Queemlander, has sonic nasty things to say in tbe last Issue or that paper, concerning the recent meet ing at Maryborough. It is now some weeks since tbe meeting was held, and our frieud must either, iu error, be referring to fome other meeting or must be off his pannikin. Steps are being taken in the right quarter to ascertain what hiBdepar ture from true criticism means. JnsT before tbe first race between Han Ian and Gaudaur, Albert Hamm, speaki og of Gaudaur, said ' I consider Gaudaur to be one of the finest scullers I have ever peen in a boat, but aotquiteup toHanlan i a style and finish. I think he is stronger ihBnNed, but not so natural a sculler. Don't be surprised to learn that Gaudaur reaches tbe turning scale ahead of Han Inn. He's faster than a ghost. But the work will tell on him more than on Ned, and I look to s--e Hanlan, witb his superior finish, take the lead from Jake :-t about the end of two miles. It will be one of tbe greatest ract'B ever rowed, and if the men both crime to the post in good condition and well boated, it will be worth going mauy miles to see. I think Ned will have a shade tbe best of it at the finish.' Mb. R. K. Fox, of America, has pre sented J. Kilrain with the Police Gazelle diamond belt for tbe heavy-weight championship of America, because Sulli van bad failed l.o cover Kilraln's deposit of lOOOdol. The latter then issued a challenge to the English cbampioD, Smith, and a meeting was arranged, as we announced nnme days ago. C. Mit chell's opinion of Kilrain and Sullivan ruusthUB: 'I sincerely believe Kilrain can whip him in a finish fight. Sullivan has considerable skill for a big man and a great deal of strength, but very little endurance. Kiiraio, on tbe other band, is full of staying )-ower, combined with pkill and Btrenptb. My opinion is that Sullivan feels tbat tbe mettle given him by the newspapers is gone, and tbat be is now standing on rock bottom. I don't think he will ever meet Kilrain, but if he should he will be defeated. Whether Kilrain meets Sullivan or Jem Smith, I will train and second Kilrain.' Sullivan, according to latest ndvioes, has abandoned his Australian tnnr. PROFESSOR S. G;-1 vyne (the Australian) lias issued a challenge in the London papers against Professor Leon, the Mexi can horse-tamer, us follows To hrealc to saddle aud harness four colts of equal breeding and drive same in a four-borse team before he e »n, neither to have an assistant, except In hold the colts while being harnessed, fur tbe sum of £100 a eide ; or to take a colt or colt* and 1 trick' them better than lie can in a given time, say one week, for the sum of £100 a-side ; or ride a buekiug.'iad kleki ng horse bet ter than he can ; ride against Leon across country, each to carry same weight, for £100 a-side, horsemanship to be the test ; or crack an Australian stock and four horse whip against him for £50 a-side ; or match his son, a lad 17 years of age, to ride or drive against Lyon, and to prove him self in all respccte a better horseman than he is, to the satisfaction of the judges, for £250 a-side.' Mb. J. Hammond and bis followers are said to have wou £150,000 from the Lon don riDg during tbe last race meeting at Ascot. The bulk of it was due to Eur asian's victories iu the Ascot Stakes and Alexandra Plate. Advices from Queensland state that Mr. Barrington, tbe bookmaker, intends to part with bis racing stua. Mr. J. J. Collins, tbe well-kDOwn Sydney metal lician. has already secured Goldenstone and Fano, who are now located at Law son's stables, Surry Hills, and negotia tions are in progress for the purchase of Parody, while the agreement with tbe Hon. B. B. Moreton to race the colt Dare devil for a period of two years has been ?cancelled. — Sydney Mail. Perhaps the most important notifica tion in the English Calendar is, that the Jockey Club has determined to move with the times. At the Newmarket Second Spring Meeting in 1889 will be run, if all :goeB well, the Newmarket Stakes of 10,000 ?sovs., by subscriptions of 30 sovs, each, for thiee-yearolas ; colts, 9st. ; fillies, 8st. 'Sib. ; the secord to receive 1000 sovs , and the third 500 sovp. out of the stakes ; and ?surplus to be equally divided amongst t.be ?other duly qualified starters ; 300 entries, or the stake may be reduced ; A.F., 1 mile 2 furlongs. It will be seen that if the exact number of subscribers is obtained, a thousand only will have to be added, and the clause anent a smaller number is a pretty good safeguard. It is intended so to arrange tbe fixtures for 1889 as to allow an interval of three weeks between the Two Thousand and the new venture, and if successful the race should greatly discount the Derby. The time of entry for tbe new yearliugs is tbe Tuesday after the approaching Doncaster September Meeting. 