THREE KISSES. By CLAVERLEY, Author of "The Secret of Arnsdale," "All for Love," " By-and- Bye," " For Love Alone," "The Legend of Glenpeau,"&c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XI. — ( Concluded.) Taking up his position, with his sword partially unsheathed in readiness for any emergency, he waited. Eleven o'clock, 12, and then 1 boomed out from the turret clock, ard still he waited, feeling a strong desire to wrap himself around In hiB cloak and fall asleep. But putting all inclination and bodily fatigue aside, ne determined to keep awake and upon the watch. With this determination full upon him, he fancied he heard a slow grating sound within the house, as of some one stealthily withdrawing some bolts. A few moments later he was sure of this, and straining every nerve to the utmost to listen, he at the same time peered anxiously from his post of observation above the postern. The next instant in the stillness of the vast house he distinctly heard the grating sound Of a door revolving upon its hinges, and his whole frame quivered with excitement and anticipation. Yes, tue«e talkers whom he had laughed to scorn, were right, for there below him upon the crisp gravel, just stepped down from the shadow ot the poBteru, was the darkly cUd sombre figure. It was so very dark juBt there, under the shadow of the high gabled walls, that he could not distinguish what the spectre waa like, any other than that it was tall and appeared to be the form of a woman. Then quickly, as he leaned forward to watch it, it glided out from among the dread shadows, across the grass, and when out slear away from anything but the bluish expanse of the canopy of heaven, the moon that had for a while been hidden, swept out in majestic dazzling beauty from behind a mountain-land of cloud, and lit up the scenery for miles with radiant silver lustre. The figure out under the moonlight passed suddenly, as if uncertain for the moment what line of conduct to pursue, whether to go onward or to torn back. Good heavens! What was it that made the watcher at the loophole above the postern shiver as if a chill blast had frozen his blood and catch at the masonry for support ? Had the face from spirit land cast some spell upon him for venturing to pry into its secret* ? Hugh Berners staggered and fell back from the outlook, and then a fervent" Mon Dieu!" escaped his lips, and he wiped the great beads of perspiration from his brow, for the face that had been revealed to him in the moonlight, was the face of his beautiful wife ! What harm threatened his darling, he wondered, that the ghost of her living self should thus walk the earth ? An uncontrollable impulse seized him. He would see; he would know what harm or danger lay in her path by following the spectre. It might scathe, or even kill him, but he would follow, and in finding out the dread danger ahead of his wife, endeavour to save her from it. Even should he lose his life by this act he would venture, for the dread future might be warded off in this manner. So clutching his sword tightly he left the turret, and proceeded as noiselessly as he was able down the narrow staircase and along the curious narrow passages, and out at the postern, where the visitant [from spirit-land had so short a time before preceded him. Once in the open air he sprang quickly onward, all| the time treading as lightly as possible so as not to disturb the gliding figure that was so far in advance of him. and was scarcely discernable. The moon had suddenly hidden her soft, chilly light, and the gloom was apparently more perceptible from the contrast; yet, as he strode 'onward, he became more accustomed to the shadowed light, and followed accurately in the steps of the spu it-guide away in front of him. Thus across the park it sped, as if knowing perfectly every inch of the way, shooting and winding in and out from the clumps of trees scattered here and there over the undulating ground. On and on, with him following in the distance. On—and down, down, down towards the lake, and tuen in the thickness of the clumps of elders and willows and other low-growing trees, it was lost altogether from view. Hogh Berners paused to consider, for the figure had apparently walked straight into the water—walked, in fact, out upon that glittering, shining surface of deceptive ice, whereon it would most assuredly break through into the cold, deep, dark waters beneath. A horrid, torturing fear seized him. Was s it hiB wife after all ? Was she a somnabulist? and bad these tales of the ghostly apparition so much affected her that Bhe enacted its walkings in her sleep? Thinking thus, with the cold perspiration pouring in heavy drops from his fa^e and brow, he sped onward. Onward! with the dread thought that there from out the cold clasping water the dead beautiful face of his well-loved wife would stare blankly up at him, or that the suddenimmersionwould wake her slumbering brain, and finding herself in such a position would prove too much for the overtaxed mental powers, and the eyes of a madwoman would stare and glare at him; and the clutching hands, endowed with superhuman strength, would try by every means to drag him down and preta him under the ice, and close to bis the mocking beautiful face would smile and sneer and gleam, and the pearly teeth gnash themselves together in sheer delight at the death she waa causing. And as these thoughts crowded through Hugh Beiners' brain the whole space around him seemed filled with the madwoman's deriding, exultant, mocking, delighted laughter, as she pushed him down, down, down—while he in vain tried to save her— and choked him with the waters when he cried aloud for help. Oh, the picture was horrible—more than horrible—and living in its reality; for those few dread minutes he felt that he himself was mad. But by this time he had neared the dark shade of the elder-trees, and wondering at which point she had entered their midst, he paused a moment to consider. And in that pause he heard voices, and one voice that he knew was that of his wife, Maud. Clutching his sword convulsively, his breath coming in passionate gasps, he listened. Was he mad or dreaming ? he asked himself, as he lifted his hat from his brow to let the cold air blow upon his fevered head. Yes, he was awake. Oh that he had died before he had known this ? Then a deep anjer and a longing for revenge seized him. Maud his wife, was weeping—weeping and uttering loving words to a man, a stranger, while he urged her, in answer to her pleadings, to prove her love and fly with him. CHAPTEB XIL RETRIBUTION. To such an interview with his much trusted wife, and this man whom be knew not, did Hugh Berners listen, while hatred took the place of love in his heart. Yet he forced himself to make no slsn, but to wait and discover, if he could, the secret of the wife who had deceived him. And, with anger flashing from his eyes, he heard—heard how they had been lovers, and that in a fitof jealouBy. Maud Castello had married himself, Hugh Berners, and that she 'bad repented the rash step she had taken daily and hourly ever since. Yes, like a man frozen to stone he listened while he heard his wife confess that her life was a misery to her, and that she could not live as she was then living. Then, in rapid utterances, he heard the man's fond Spanish word as he bent his head to Maud, ana soothed her, and with an oath Hugh Berners sprang forward, sword in ha^d, to slay this Spaniard who had stolen his wife from him. He scarcely knew what he was about to do, only that he mnst have revenge, and that revenge must be death, either for himself or the man who had brought disgrace, far, far worse than any death, upon himself and his name for ever. The sudden movement of Hugh Berners startled the stranger, and springiig involuntary backwards upon the glittering BUrface of ice, he unsheathed his own weapon for the purpose of doing battle with the "ntruder. But like a tiger about to spring upon its prey, Hugh Berners dashed after him, and hissing out the one word " traitor," made a thrust at the beartof the Spaniard. There was one loud, piercing, agonizing scream, and a mist swam before the eyes of Hugh Berners. and he reeled backwards against the bank ot the lake. A. cracking sound filled the air, and when, a few momenta later, Hugh Berners was able to realize what had happened, he saw, a few yards before him, a great gaping hole in the Ice, in which the water eddied in a thousand rings, all stained with the crimson life-blood of his wife Maud and her Spanish lover. Seeing the savage hatred of her husband, she had sprang forward to save the life of, or die with, the Spaniard, and thus retribution had been meted out to both. Lying down flat upon the crackling, shining ice, Hugh Berners peered into the dark blood stained waters, feeling for the bodies of those whom he had slain in his wrath. But although he need every endeavour to rescue them, his search was in vain, and findiDg he could do nothing, he rushed Ifantips.'ly back to the hou^e for h«lp, and when he had made the frightened servants understand what had happened, he fell like one dead at their feet. They carried him up to his bed, and there he lay for dayB upon days knowing nothing: and during that time the dead bodies had been recovered, and were laid to rest in their graves. After some time Hugh Berners recovered sufficiently to tell those about him the whole horrible tale in which he had been an actor, and how the death of his wife and tne Spaniard had come to pass. And the listeners knew of the truth of lna statements, for his wife's Spanish attendant, when she found that her miBtreas had met her death, told what she knew of those noctural meetings, and what had passed between Maud Castello and the Spaniard in the land of her nativity, before she became Hugh Berners' wife. . And subsequent to her confession the woman left the little heir of Stagsdean in the hands of his English nurse, and she herself departed to her native land, and was never heard of again. 