THE MINISTERIAL OVERTHROW. The new Parliament has lost no time in affording His Excellency the Governor the opportunity of providing himself with a new set of Ministers. Only a lingering sense of decency prevented its being done a day sooner, as might easily have been ac complished if the House would have taken a night sitting on Tuesday. This crisis will be memorable for mere reasons than one. Not only has the House pronounced sentence on the Ministry by a larger ma jority than has graced such a feat since the days of Mr Strangways ; but it performed an act of poetical as well as political justice, by going into the trial of the Downer Ministry with a foregone conclusion ; but it has allowed the executioner to perform his duty without extracting from him the remotest pledge as to the future, precisely as it did when the executioner was Mr Downer and not Mr Playford. This change of Ministry is noteworthy, because in its accomplishment the members of the House of Assembly have been content to throw away every vestige of that pretence at political consistency which, after all, has long been no more than obsolete tradition. Mr Playford was made the victim of the most outrageous calumnies and misrepre sentations over the Thow affair, and his colleagues had to pay the penalty by their expulsion from office. But now we have Mr Mattinson who was the heroic cham pion of Mr Thow, the most devoted lieu tenant of Mr Playford. Mr Duncan, go-' wards the close of the debate, put the issue squarely before the House, as being one be tween Protection and Free Trade. And there can be no doubt that the attack upon the Ministry was engineered from the same cellar in King William Street which was the headquarters ot Mr Cohen's Committee. It was asserted and not denied that the Protectionist caucus had gone to and fro between the Govern ment and Mr Playford, and had finally given their support to the latter because he gave thera better terms. Yet, here were Freetraders like Mr Rounsevell and Mr Holder giving their active sup port to the Protectionist attack. Nor is it less amusing that Mr' Hopkins, the champion working-man's member, and the hope and flower of the Protectionist party devoted all his youthful energy to the support of the Government, avowedly because he wanted to prevent his colleagues Mr Mattinson, from taking Mi Furner's place. Sir John Downer is to be com miserated that his ship should have gone down when he himself is almost in sight of land ; but he will probably con sole himself with the reflection that Gov ernments come and go, bnt his Knight Commandership remains forever. Although we believe the Ministry have been ousted on false pretences, and by one of the most flagitious of political combinations, we cannot affect to deplore their fate. Any lingering regrets we might have would be rudely dispelled by the speech with which Dr. Cockbtirn closed the de bate. In almost tragic tones the Minister of Education appealed to the Protectionist faction nob to turn out the first and only Protectionist Government the Colony has ever had. At last the cloven hoof was revealed, and the immediate effect of the Doctor's confession was to drive two supporters from his side, when the Hawkers, father and son, walked out of the House without voting. The new Ministry came into power with an over whelming majority at their back. They must do the will of their Protectionist masters, but they will be left absolutely without excuse if they do not use their splendid opportunity to put the finances of the country upon a sound footing. It de pends upon their own honesty and capacity as whether they will use the opportunity in such a manner as to cause the country to forget the political immoralities which have brought them into power. A meeting of the the Institute Committee will he held on Monday evening next at 8 o'clock. The many friends in Gladstone, of Mr W. Leader, L.L.B., will be glad to learn that this gentleman has settled in Camperdown, in Vic toria, and judging by the reports of the Colae Reformer he appears to he doing well. Mr Leader has recently entered into partnership with an old established legal firm at Warnam-: bool, who have a branch at Colac. The Cradock Ghost has been conclusively ex-: posed by Mr Kirkham Evans, at Black Rock, where the child Sissy Schultz, is now living. Mr Evan3 was accompanied by Mr Jones, the local" schoolmastef, and their proceedings were watched ; by Rev. J. Hancock, jun., and Mr A. Healley. . It was found that the child's trances were feigned, and that the knocks were produced by herself. The date of nominations for the vacancies of the Legislative Council Elections for the Central and Northern Districts has been fixed for Jnne 22\. The election of two members for the Central District will take place on Saturday, Jnne 25, and of one member for the Northern District on Wednesday, July 6. These dates have been selected on the recommendation of the Return ing Officer for the province. The Central Committee, S.A.F.M.A., will meet at the Gladstone Institute, to-morrow,', Saturday. A deputation will wait upon Mr W.,. Copley, J.P,, asking him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for theNorthern District in the Legislative Council. Our Orroroo corres pondent telegraphs that a requisition to Mr Copley is being'largely signed in that neighbor hood, and his support will be general, while our Crystal Brook correspondent writes that Mr Copley's candidature in that town will be very popular, and he will receive hearty support throughout the neighborhood. J At a meeting of officers, of the North Central Battalion V.F., held iu Gladstone, on Wednes day, Capt. Bleechmore in the chair, it was de cided to change the present dark green facings of the uniform to scarlet facings and braid. This will we feel sure meet with the approval of the force, and will find favor with the public. According to the Mount BarTcer Courier the Rev. J. Henderson, of Laura, claims that it was owing to his forming a Young Men's Improve ment Society, which afterwards amalgamated with the Institute and gave that body such a start as led to the present building being erected in Laura. This is a doubtful honor, for the for mation and amalgamation of another Young Men's Society to wipe off the huge debt would now be a consummation devoutedly wished by the Laura residents, at least by the guarantors. Lady Brassey, who was highly pleased with her visit to Silverton, returned to Adelaide on Saturday. On Monday afternoon she distributed the certificates of the St. John's Ambulance Society at Government House, to a large number of ladies and gentlemen who had qualified them selves. On Tuesday she was present for a short time in the House of Assembly, during Mr Play- ford's speech in the no- confidence debate and left the same afternoon for Melbourne. Lord Brassey telegraphs that the Sunbeam had made a splendid run to Melbourne in a heavy gale. The following members voted for Mr Play- ford's no-confidence amendment, on Wednesday evening : — Hon. Alfred Catt, Messrs Bartlett, Bews, Castine, Cohen, Coles, Dashwood, Giles, Glynn, Gould, Grayson, Holder, Homburg, Jenkins, Johnson, Kimber, Kingston, Krichauff, Livingston, McDonald, Mattinson, Moulden, Moule, Nash, Rounsevell, Scherk, Stock, Ward and Playford. For the Goverament : — Messrs Bagster, Basedow, Bray, Goekburn, H. E. Dow ner, Duncan, Furner, Gilbert, Handyside, Hop kins, Horn, Hussey, Landseer, Smith and Solomon. The Clover Hill Band of Hope is again in full working order, with Mr M. King as Secretary. Monthly meetings are now held, and a very en joyable evening may be spent at the concerts given by friends and members of the band. On Thursday evening last the church room was crowded, and a programme of songs and recita tions was gone through. Mr Smallacotnbe occu pied the chair, and the Clover Hill Brass Band gave a number of selections. The Misses Kew- son, with other ladies contributed songs ; recita tions, and a comic sketch by three boys, were also given, A number of names were added to the pledge book, and the meeting closed, after which tea, coffee and cakes were supplied to the wanting by lady friends. The Anniversary Services of the Wesleyan Church, Gladstone, were held on June 5 and 7. On Sunday morning Rev. W. W. Finch preached, and in the afternoon and evening, Rev. W. B. Mather. The congregations throughout the day were good. On Tuesday the public tea and supper were held in the Institute Hall. The public meeting took place in the church. Mr Meylan, of Laura, presided. The treasurer (Mr W. Coe) read the financial report. Addresses . were given by Mr Stevens, of Laura, and Revs. Mather and Finch. Messrs Fergusson and Catt had charge of the vote of thanks. ; The choir rendered appropriate music, Mrs Mnrrie pre sided at the organ. Proceeds £14. Mr W. Malcolm, who is. seeking a seat in the Legislative Council, for the Northern District, is moving about in a mysterious manner. No one knows from whence he comes, or whither he goeth. Last night he had a meeting in Laura, but did not publicly notify the fact beyond two little written placards, and consequently he had only the Institute Committee, who happened to he transacting business at the time, present at liis meeting. He addressed these gentlemen. Again this morning he held a meeting at nine o'clock at Muller's Hotel, Gladstone, bnt no one knew of the affair till a few minntes previously, and only nine persons were present. Surely Mr Malcolm cannot hope for snccess if he enters into the contest in this half-hearted manner. 