Miscellaneous. From our files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Queen left Aix-les-Baine on April 28. Her Majesty made, the most of the closing days of her stay in that charming valley. The Queen's desire for privacy was respected by the inhabitants, which enabled her to move about with the greatest freedom. On one occasion a depu tation from the Euglisk residents waited upon her Majesty, and presented her with an enamel brooch as a jubilee souvenir. On Saturday, April 24. accompanied bv Princess Beatrice and her husband,, the Queen made an excursion to tho famous Monastery of the Grand Chartreuse. The Queen ha? intimated her willingness to patronise an exhibition of the relics of Mary Queen of Scots, to be held at Peterborough during the eumnier in connection with the celebration of the tercentenary of her execution. The late Baroness Betty de Rothschild leaves personal estate in England valued at £377,000. A gentleman named Doyle, who recently died, by his will bequeaths to the Prince of Wales a gold-mounted cane and four drinking horns, and to the Princess of 'Wales a silver mounted tortoiseshell casket, formerly belonging to Queen Isabella of Spain, and two gold bracelets. Victor Hugo's personal estate in England has been declared at £92,000. The German Crovm Prince has been suffering from a polypus in the throat. The wife of the American President has secured great popularity in Washington. Her management of the White House is much extolled, as is also an innovation introduced by her of noon receptions, at which strangers arriving or pass ing through Washington are received. The Queen of Hawaii has gone to England to attend the Jubilee celebrations. The deaths are announced of Mrs. Sale, of Brighton, sister of Richard Cobden ; the widow of Offenbach ; M. Herbert, Louis Phillippe's last Minister of Justice ; Lord Kinnaird, the supporter of many religious and philanthropic inovemente ; Mr. Alfred Montague, the artiet ; Ser geant-Major Kelly, one of the Balaclava ' Six Hundred ;' and Sir John Mellor, retired judge of the High Court of Justice. A herd of deer in Richmond Park were found to be suf fering from rabies, and many of the animals had to be slaughtered. The outbreak is attributed to attacks by mad dogs. A 'ghost' which had nightly alarmed the inhabitants of Mumbles Head, ou being captured turned out to be a man clothed in white, with blackened face. The practical joker received a sound flogging. The stream of emigration from the port of Liverpool is assuming dimensions of an unusual magnitude. Owing to the long- continued drought there was a great scarcity of water in some parts of Yorkshire. Much of the passengers' baggage sunk in the Tasmania has been recovered. A youth of 18, named Davis, has been awarded the Humane Society's clasp for caving a boy from drowing at Newcastle-upon-Tyne. This was the seventh life saved by Davis, who had already received the Society's medal. Earthquake shocks were felt in the Channel Islands. In Jersey people were roused from their 6lumbers by a rum bling noise and an oscillation. At Guernsey the tremor of the earth lasted about three seconds. A youth who dropped a disc of lead instead of a penny into an automatic machine, and obtained a cake of choco late, was sentenced by a magistrate to receive a birching. At Guernsey a woman was sentenced to one week's im prisonment, every alternate day to solitary confinement on bread and water, for ill-treating a cat. Two men employed at Woolwich have been dis missed for betraying important information to a foreign Government. A widow at Cornelly, named Mary Francis, has just attained the age of 106. She takes a walk daily in fine weather, and reads without spectacles. Her mother lived to be 110. A fire, the origin of which was both unusual and ex traordinary, did much damage in New York harbour. A leaking oil-pipe caused the oU to float on the water, and a passing boat set fire to the liquid. The whole surface of the water was suddenly covered with flames, destroying two piers. The young man Currell, who obtained entrance to the house at Hoxton, and shot his sweetheart as she lay in bed, was hanged in Newgate. He left a written confession of bis crime, which he 6tated was prompted by jealousy. The culprit had turned quite gray in the fortnight between his trial and execution. 