WAFTED UPON THE WIND. A STRANGE CLUE. Oswald declares that I saved him. I write the story of the most momentous episode in his life and mine, in order that this generous delusion may once for all be corrected, and that others at least—for he is obstinate—may understand how Blender and fortuitous was my share in that singular deliverance. It seems to me that my narrative will gain in clearness and in coherence, if I begin with the day on which I first made Oswald Wardour*s acquaintance. I had arrived at Oharing Cross alone and unattended, except by my maid. The friends with whom I had wintered in Rome had paused at Folkestone, to recover from the effects of a somewhat rough Channel passage; while I had decided to keep to the letter the promise made in my last homeward despatch from Paris. I was suffering in no degree from mal de mer, though the immunity is small credit to an admiral's daughter, and I longed to be at rest once more in the quiet haven of the sombre house in Lincoln Square. It was my expectation that upon the arrival platform I should find in waiting either my mtcle or Mr. Hollinsworth. his chief clerk. But I was subject to disappointment I scanned the many different groups of bystanders in vain, and was just confiding to a porter information on the topic of luggage, when a young man, whom I had observed inspecting the compartments nearer to the engine, advanced and lifted his hat. " Miss Craig, I believe I" he said. I was taken aback, for the speaker was a stranger to me, and I marvelled not only what his business might be, but how he obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with feir curly hair, and gray-blue eyes as frank and gonial in their expression as the summer sunshine. I was afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirmative, which in turn was an interrogation. "I-have come," he said, "in response to the wish of Mr. Geoffrey Craig. Our principal has an engagement in Lombardstreet at this hour which he is reluctantly compelled to fulfil; and Mr. Hollinsworth is unfortunately invalided. You will permit me to see to your luggage, Miaa Craig f He was one of my uncle's staff, then— a newcomer. " Thank you so much • I shall be extremely obliged," I answered. My uncle's carriage was in readiness— upon that point at least I need have entertained no doubts. When seated within it, I soon learned from my companion that his name was Oswald Wardour. He was deferential, but it was the deference of one bred to habits of courtesy. There was neither presumption nor servility in his manner. He was self-poBsessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk ! It was hard to believe it In my not very extended travels, I had met many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all outward seeming, was less deserving of the title Even in the first hour of reunion with my dear uncle and guardian, I somehow found opportunity to turn the conversation in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me with the slightly elephantine mirth which I knew to be a sign of his content at my reappearance. "You are as mnch a daughter {of Eve as when you teased your father to let you see the clockwork that moved the ship's compass 1 Ha, ha! It was a favorite joke with Ferdinand, poor fellow"—the laugh turned into a- sigh—"And Wardour has bewildered your girlish wits, has he ? Well, what the surface shows is neither more or less than the fact. He looks like a gentleman, and he talks like one; and he is one. His family is a branch of the Leicestershire Wardours. They have been rich in their day; but a lawsuit has come on the heels of other disasters, and left Oswald—their last representative — with but a barren patrimony—barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly consists of a few hundred acres of miserable, half- reclaimed land somewhere in the north." I still wondered why it was that the young man had not preferred an opening in some profession, to the drudgery and hnmble status of a desk in a shipbroker's office, and I made some careless remark of the kind. A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my uncle's countenance. By implication, though quite inadvertently, I had reflected upon his own choice of a career. "Let me tell you that, in my opinion, Wardour has acted wisely," he said. " Mercantile pursuits are as deserving of honor and respect as any others, and they more frequently lead to competence. Wardour has gone the right way to work in his effort to conquer fortune by the exchange of law for trade." Here was a supplementary disclosure. The young man's ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts I fear I still regarded as a higher level With an apology, perhaps a little wanting in candour on my part, the talk turned into another channel This, as I have hinted, was the commencement of the reproduction of a story old yet ever new. What woman can Commit to cold, callous paper the record of her wooing, or even breathe the cherished secret in the ears of her bosom friend ? I at least should find the task impossible. It is enough to Btate briefly that during the lengthening days of that blissful spring, Oswald and I met often, at first casually, and then of design; that feolings of mutual interest deepened into regard; and before either of us knew, it had undergone yet another and more momentous evolution, and had become—love. The awakening was brought about by circumstances which' threatened^ to quench in miserable gloom It ie necessary to explain something of the architecture and interior arrangements of the quaint old-fashioned building. There is a _ tradition that our house, at the south of Lincoln Square, was once the home of one of Elizabeth's most famous courtiers. It iB one of the few in the City still possessing a garden—a green gem in the grim, unsightly setting of encircling bricks and mortar. The counting-house and business premises occupied an entire and commodious suite of rooms at the west corner of the edifice. They were carefully divided, and made distinct from the still laiger section of Raleigh House, which for forty years had been my ancle's bachelor residence. There was a room built out from the main portion of the eastern pile, and connected by a covered passage with the con- servatory, which was devoted to my own use. In it I set up my easel and gave free rein to the enthusiasm for art which my stay in Home bod quickened ; and it was the custom for Mr. Hollinsworth and Oswald Waldour to Ieavo the countinghonse from the rear—they were invariably last—and sending in their keys by the trnsted butler, a man who had been in my nncle's employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows of my studio to the gate at the end of the broad path. I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was extremely close for the last week in May—there was surely thunder in the air. I was tired of painting, and I had retreated from the slowly slanting blaze of sunlight which had crept half-way up my easel, to a shady corner behind the screen that masked the entrance into the conservatory. The steps I knew so well soon sounded on the asphalted path without. The window was open, and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively in, and fancied the room was vacant, while I smiled in my roguish mischief at his error—a smile that quickly faded. " Yes, it is a round two hundred that 1 need, and that, by hook or by crook, I must have. Can you accommodate me at a pinch, Hollinsworth ?" Oswald said. They had halted; and in my own despite I was forced to play eavesdropper, to hear, with tingling cheeks, my own name brought into the discussion. " Possibly I can. But you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision," said the senior clerk in smooth tones, that somehow made me shiver. " Do I argue correctly from observation in believing that you are aiming at a high gamo, Wardour—that you propose to win the hand of Misa Bertha Craig ?" Plainly, Oswald hesitated. My poor foolish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an outburst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation: "You have—divined—very stratigfly—I regret it—my secret. I love Bertha. You are the first to hear the confession." He little guessed that he had two listeners. " It will go no further I am convinced, from your lips, Hollinsworth.— What bearing has this on my own request r The other gave a dry cough. "The feet constitutes a sort of security, don't you see 1" he said. They had resumed their progress towards the gate. I was alone with my new-found joy. My heart went out yearningly in a full and free response. Oswald should ask but to have. Yet even at this stage there were stormclouds on the horizon. My uncle, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of both my dead parents—and a mother could scarcely have been more tender, a father more patient and forbearing—would very probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child in his eyes still, though my twentieth birthday had passed; and I had a conviction that he had formed quite a different plan for my future. Again, there conld be no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardour's urgent need of so considerable a sum as two hundred pounds. My foreboding, with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily was justified by the event. He drew me very quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which was called the library and so rarely used. " I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope has no foundation in fact," he said. "I will keep my own counsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Your cousin, Roger Hilton, is coming to England in the autumn from his firm's branch at Hongkong. He will be made a partner at Christmas. I want you to be friends." He emphasised the word. The other matter concerns Wardour. I would like to help him up the ladder; but you must not tempt him to presume. You and he had better be practically strangers to one another. If there is any danger* of mistake, I will at once fill Wardour's place with a substitute; there are plenty to be had." It was in every sense plain speaking. Twice I had attempted—in vain—to interrupt ; and when my uncle had finished he waved me sternly into silence. "Not now; some other time, Bertha," he said, and was gone. Perhaps it was as well that my indignant self-defence and championship of Oswald was ruthlessly surpressed. I am of an impulsive temparament, as doubtless has already been disclosed, and might have pitifully blundered. But my brain was in a whirl, and I was embittered against Mr. Hollinsworth, who, beyond reasonable question, had made treacherous use of the admission wrung from his too confiding colleague. The disagreeable episode was but the muttering of the coming tempest. Two days later the storm broke in its fury. My uncle had been robbed. A forgery had come to light, and every atom of evidence combined to fix the guilt of the nefarious deed upon Oswald Wardour. " The chain of proof ;is complete and irrefragable, Bertha. I earnestly wish I could escape the conclusion to which it points," said my uncle, sitting in his smoking-chair, and watching with a curious troubled pity my pale face and pleading countenance. " You will forgive me that I have still faith in Mr. Wardour's integrity," I said. Very strange and far off my words sounded in my own ears. " Certainly. I wish I could share it. I knew Wardour's mother once ; she was a noble woman, and pure as the driven snow. It was for her sake I listened to the young fellow's application. And the blow will kill her." Had f been less absorbed by the one aim which was now before me, I should have detected in this outburst the echoes —yet reverberating down the years—of an old romance. The interpretation was to come later. "Then at least you will refrain from pressing the prosecution?" I said, plucking up hope. Alas! for a girl's ignorance I " It is the bank, not I, on whose initiative Wardour will be committed," my uncle answered ; " and once the charge has come under their cognisance, there is no option but to proceed. At the trial, the incriminating circumstances—black as they appear, I am constrained to admit, even to me—may be explained, and Wardour may be acquitted; but until then " I heard no more. They told me afterwards that I had swooned. There were two dreadful appearances in a police court, of which, like an epicure in an anguish, I studied ail the details in the daily journals. I was not forbidden, for I think my uncle fancied that so only could my mind be effectually freed from the delusion of Oswald Wardour's innocence. The case was indeed dark against the prisoner, and there were moments when confidence reeled, and I feared that I might have to drink my cup of bitterness to the dregs, and with my own reasoning faculties acquiesce in a verdict of condemnation. But ths memory of many and many a quiet chat in which Oswald's high aspirations and upright character had stood revealed, came like a procession of mournful ghosts and reproached me with my doubts. Gathered into narrow space, the testimony on which the charge was based was as follows:—" Oswald Wardour had admitted to Mr. Hollinsworth the pressing want of precisely the sum obtained as the fruit of the unscrupulous deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount, and ultimately failed." To the truth of the greater part of this sworn evidence of the senior clerk, I, too, could have witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the circumstance; luckily, they were in darkness. The cheque that bore the forged signature was one that had been drawn "to bearer," for Mr. Craig's approval and completion, on the previous evening ; and as, contrary to expectation, my uncle had not reappeared in the counting-house that afternoon, had been left in a private letter rack until the morning. But on the morrow, it had mysteriously vanished—until a confidential warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already been negotiated by Oswald Wardour. The fraud was at once detected. The prisoner's defence was declared by the newspapers to be "daring," which was their eupheism for improbable and unsatisfactory. Without equivocation, Oswald acknowledged that he had asked Mr. Hollinsworth for a loan of £200 for three months. He further affirmed that his senior had alternated between willingness and unwillingness to grant his petition for monetary aid. Bat what was his meditated use for the money, he refused to say; and the silence was interpreted against him. Finally—on the very night in question— he had casually met Hollinsworth, and had been recommended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a coffee- room in Cannon-street Suspecting no evil, he went to Torleni's Restaurant, and mot there a middle-aged man, with massive features, raven-black hair, and a hawk-like nose—such was Oswald's description, and it fixed itself in my memory—who said that he was the junior partner in Wiltonwort and Co., a new firm recently founded in the same line as the great house of " G. Graig." He knew and respected Mr. Hollinsworth, and on his introduction would oblige Oswald. It was a surprise—said the accused—to find that the draft thus offered bore Mr. Craig's name; but a plausable account of some business transaction was carelessly given, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque was missed, a vague sense of uneasiness was all that troubled him. until his feet were actually caught in the net. This tale pointed to a conspiracy, of which no fragment of corroboration was forthcoming. Mr. Hollinsworth denied every word of it that inculpated himself, and was believed—except by one weak girl. I had never liked this man, although at one time or another and in divers ways 1 had seen much of him, and had beeu impressed by his great mercantile knowledge and his impassable demeanour. Still, my uncle had always implicitly trusted him. The case against Oswald as it stood, awaiting the last word of so-called justice, was currently held to bo tested and determined by a single question : Where was the shadowy individual who played so conspicuous a part in the prisoner's narrative ? Wiltonwort and Co. knew nothing of him. Let the accused produce him, or put the police upon his track. My uncle was very kind to me in those days. He could not help seeing that I was suffering, and the cause was not far to seek. But he refrained alike from harassing inquiries and from expostulation. He probably reproached himself for ever bringing into juxtaposition the inflammable material of two young hearts. My knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious; he had never told me that he loved me or had asked me to be his wife. "London is not suiting you in these close days, Bertha," said my uncle gravely one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at—name of horror and doom !—the Old Bailey. " Suppose you run down to the Edgerleys' place in Warwickshire for a Week or two: they'll be delighted to make you welcome." These were the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was sure that the suggestion was not broached at haphazard There had doubtless been a correspondence. I hesitated. Then—"Well, if you wish it, I think I will go, uncle," I said. My preparations for the journey were not elaborate. Mrs. Brett, the housekeeper at Lincoln Square, was a person of forethought and resource, and a few hours sufficed to have my travelling boxes inspected and packed; and my uncle saw me into a reserved first-class carriage at Euston, The train by which I travelled was an express, but not one of the imperial kind that carry Her Majesty's northward and westward bound mails. It stopped at all the chief junctions from Willesden to its gaol It was immediately after passing one of these stages that a seemingly trivial circumstance occurred, upon which, with a mental vision less quickened by suffering, I should perhaps have bestowed no particular attention. Certain fragments of torn paper fluttered in the breeze past my open window, and one of them—somewhat larger than its companions—become fixed between the mahogany slide and the blind- cord. It quivered there like an ensnared live thing. Suddenly I started, and a queer thought dominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy was wondrously like the writing of my uncle's chief clerk. I examined the scrap narrowly, and my suspicion was confirmed. The very paper had the water-line of that used in my uncle's office, and was of similar texture. I read: . . . . dour will be con . . . . at No 8 Tower Street . . . . . . letters will be sure to . . . . A whisper which was the product, doubtless, of heated imagination, but which sounded as the voice of one even then languishing in prison—filled in the missing syllables in the first line, and I repeated mechanically: " Wardour will be convicted."—" He shall not I" I cried aloud. Who has destroyed and scattered upon the winds this letter 1 Could it be the trickster of Torleni's Restaurant ? The inspiration was justified by what my eyes beheld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was now my absorbing occupation, and I was quickly re- paid. At Densford, my glance was rivetted, as if by magnetism, upon a man who answered almost exactly to the word-picture given from Oswald's lips in the columns of The Daily Sun. There were the ponderous features, the coal-black hair and scanty beard, the nose of distinctly Israelitish cast. I drew down my veil, and, obliviouB of my luggage and its fate, of everything save the imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unpercurbed stranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a difficult pursuit, or I might have betrayed my purpose. My quarry entered a third-rate inu at the bottom of the station hill; aud as he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side-door of the bar, I had good grounds for my hope that a stay was intended. I sought out the Densford post office, and despatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal in that dreadful business of forgery; or rather I should say criminals, for, as the sequel showed, the guilt was about equally divided. In the afternoon, my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to niy startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent representations, a magisterial warrant was granted ; and armed with this, the Densford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hollinsworth. Discomfited and demoralised by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the magistrate, in other words made full confession. It was a disclosure full of pain for the upright merchant whose trust had been abused. Again I will try to condense an intricate narrative. James Hollinsworth, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardour. He feared that in due time Oswald might 6tep above him into the partnership at which for so many years he —Hollinsworth— had aimed. Hollinsworth had a scapegrace brother called Edgar, long accounted dead, who had reappeared in one of those evil junctures which are the touchstones of men's characters. He had visited my uncle's clerk in the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the docks, and had tried to levy black-mail. Then came the temptation to which his elder and hitherto outwardly virtuous brother had succumbed. Could not Oswald Wardour's need of £200 be made the basis of a plot to ruin him ? James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his assistance. How the scheme worked has already been made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redound to the man's credit, that under pressure of these revelations, a waiter at Torleni's Restaurant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occurrence within his master's precincts of the interview between Edgar Hollinsworth and Oswald Wardour, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this waiter had been bribed to Bilence. It proved impossible to hush up the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude waB passed upon both the brothers. " And you saved me, Miss Craig," Oswald said, when, for a few precious minutes on the morrow of his release, we were alone. " But for you, I might be in yonder cell yet;" and he shuddered. "Miss Craig—Bertha—is my guess a right one— that you care—that at least you can care for me, a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life, are yours ? " Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know exactly in what terms he did reveal the secret whioh was no secret; but stand to what I have wrttten. At least I am correct in reporting my answer: " I can care—everything," I murmured. A few months after the one remaining mystery had been solved, coal had been discovered on Oswald's " barren acres" in the north. It was for purposes of experiments in which he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan of the two hundred pouuds. But even without the prospect of this wealth, my uncle would now have withdraw his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. ' Your love, child, has been tried in adversity; may it be stranger and more lasting," he said. We are grateful and content. The Paris barristers have had a conference on the question whether a husband may make use of his marital authority to open private letters addressed to or sent by his wife The barristers decided that the husband may open such letters. v 