CHAPTEE XXX. MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. "Stop!" Nick's voice rang like a trumpet blast through the room. "Another step and you are a dead man !" The two murderers stopped short. " Come over here, Ethel." Ethel ran to him with a glad cry, and clung to ?the hand ho extended through the bars. " Lie down on the floor, both of you, or you die ! Quick !" There was no mistaking the tone. Dave yielded at once. Perhaps he remembered how Mansfield had been obliged to obey. At any rate there was no resisting the terrible detective. Gilbert obeyed, too, but more slowly. His was a fertile brain, and full of expedients. /He was trying to think of some way out of this disaster. "Lie on your faces and put your hands behind yon." They did as ordered. l . "Now, Ethel, take these handcuffe and, snap thom on the rists of these men. Cau you do it, poor child?" ' "Anything with you to protect me," was\th»i bravo answer. " Keep out of my way while you are doing so, so that I may keep the rascals under cover, and neither of you move till I tell you to, or I will shoot yon as I would a mad dog." Ethel did as Nick had bidden her, and approached the prostrate men from one side. She stooped tever Gilbert, and was about to adjust tho haudekiffs when she was startled by a cry from Nick. " She glanced quickly round. -Nick's face had disappeared, and only his hands could bo seen clinging to the iron bars. Nick had watched Ethel as she was making ready te> handcuff the men, and was thinking he had never even dreamed of so much beauty, grace, and courage being combined in one poison, when suddenly he felt Iris feet knocked, or rather pulled, off the roof. - - , Ho had quickly grasped the bars, and was climbing up again, when he wag struck a sharp/ blow on the head, which for a moment stunned him. Then his fingers were unloosed from the bars and he fell to the ground. Before he could scramble to his feet he was again struck down. Almost at the same moment he heard Ethel crying in a voice of agony, "Help, help ! Oh, don't let thom !" ' He roused himself and looked for his assailant, 1 Nobody was in sight. I < He sprang upon the porch, and in a flash was on the roof. Ethel's room was in total darkness. "Ethel I.Ethel4" he oriod, through the bars. A distant, mocking laugh was his only answer. He sprang to the ground and ran to the front door. Not a sound broke the stillness. The houpe had suddenly become as dark and Bilent as the grave. He could see no trace of light. What had they done ? Could they hope to slip out of the house unnoticed by him ? I Might they have gone while he was climbing upon the porch ? No j he had heard some one laugh. Besides, they could not have carried Ethel away so quickly but he would have seen them. Had they murdered her and fled ? Thoy might have done that. Oh, if they had ! Nick ground his teeth and vowod a terrible revenge if that sweet girl had fallen a victim. He was determined to penetrate and search the houBe. The danger of entering a house ia which such, fiends were in hiding was clear enough for Niek. He knew that ia the darkness and gloom of a house strango to him, and probably full of lurking places he could have no chance for his life. Nevertheless, he could not stand idly outside, simply waiting. Ho stealthily climbed upon the porch roof a*d softly opened the shutters of the first window before him. With his knife-blade he pushed back the catch, and threw up the window. All this time he kept well on one side of the win- dow, so as to be out of the range of a pistol-ehot. He now lighted his lantern by means of the automatic match. Turning the slide he directed the light full into the room and peered in. The room was empty. Once assured of that ho, he stepped boldly hut noiselessly in. The door of the room was shut, but not looked. Darkening his lantern, Nick stood beside tho door and threw it open. Nothing followed, and Nick listened in vain for some noise to indicate where the occupants were. It required a great deal of courage to procee'd and make a search of that vast and silent house ; but Nick did it. Every moment he expected either to stumble over Ethel's dead body, or to receive a stab or pistol-shot in the back. He dared not turn on the light of his lantern for fear of exposing himself. It was an awesome thing to go stealthily creeping through unknown halls and rooms, in the blackest darkness, with only murderers and their victim for their possible companions. From garret to cállai he prowled, feeling his way by the walls. ' Not a sound or a sign of life did he find. When he came to the room with the barred win- dow, he made a specially careful search. Neither Ethel or any others could he find. All had vanished like'ghosts. What could he do now ? * However, they had gone, and wherever 4hey had gone, they were certainly beyond pursuit now. It was a slight consolation to know that Ethel had not been killed. There was still hope that he could find her. Should he stay in the house till morningf There might be some places in the house he had not noticed in the dark, They might be in hiding there. If ho went away what could he do ? There was no way to trace them. He made up his mind to wait, and with that pur- pose went into the room where he had first seen the ' plotters, and sat down. 