^ the Ladies, ? 'A- Lady's Letter from Paris. I ; ;[FEOM BUN OWNCORRESPONDENT. 1 PAEIS, April 9. . uccuuuserYcu, vvuere there is Butter ing tnere can bo no pleasure." Juent, almost expired, apparently did ;net press severely on' society. t Formerly it was a period of penitence Jwoi self- denial; at present, it seems to bo toe best,period for dinners, and receptions. However, pleasure d relieved by charity. .Perhaps it is the belief that the severity of the 40 days, and the economy in expenditure that *t«.presumed to effect, makes the tine pro pitious for collecting help. for. all good works. ®ase, the ladies have been as busy as ants indunning and sellingticketsiorfancy balls, con certs, &o;,, as stock-brokers with shares and scrip. Save highway robbery, pocket-picking, and swindling, all other means are considered laud* able and permissible for attacking purses. But the lady who undertakes to farm in this sense her .circle of friends, as if they were a gold mine, will soon find out her mistake. Two \- leading dames bf the fashionable . world, who rolated in the .generous task of extracting ity.from their friends and acquaintances, have found their salons .deserted, and their social invitations deolined with thanks. The gentlemen decidedly yoted that new tax as ex tremely., disagreeable, , and prefer their , club .dinner to the "at homoof a friond, plus the loving cup of: blackmail. But ladies are equal to the occasion;., at present they exchange clients,..to the attack if indirect,, loses nothing- , in point . of pertinacity, And gainsi much on-., this score of chance for a gentleman solicited to take tickets, by a ladv of position, < with whom he had only a nodding, acquaintance. In the role of sales woman of tickets, of charity, a lady should count' chiefly on., herself, and but littlb on friends.. ; V -Tradespeople complain that marriages, now adays, are like funerals, conducted on 11 econo mic principles." It is quite true that the luxury, elegance, prodigality even of the olden time has been swept away by our newer.man ners and customs. Young couples fear to be estimated as. extravagant'; and since notaries only view matrimony to be what Goethe de scribes, a. matter of "elective aflinity," their oounsel is,. "Do not squander what later jvrill be .regretted, and. perhaps needed.1' It would not be positive heresy to assert the social tendencies generally, on the continent, at least, ; are to live measuredly, perhaps between the oonfines of frugality and parsi mony. This situation is largely due to Presi dent Grevy and his Ministers who come in office in such rapid succession. Both are bound to expend the sum fixed by Parliament for a certain number of dinners balls. They would no more .think of " crossing the line, by plunging into, a 5 o'clook tea fight as an extra, thim. they.. would of resigning their .berths, till ejected*. That attitude respects the law Md..the-rfpockeiThen Marshal .Mac Hahon.acts'as a scarecrow before their eyes; that poor old soldier was actually deluded into ruin by. acting up to the apostolic doctrine of being given to hospitality." When ho re signed tho- presidentship of the Republic, he was up to the lips in debt, and has now a hard "struggle for life*" on the verge of 80, to make the two ends.meet. One cannot ape a Louis XIV. without the Treasury atone's back. In Paris a .wedding. at. present consists in a morning or evening, visit to view the "vanity fair" 'of the trousseau, the corbeillo, and the gifts; and where figures what yourself perhaps has been fleeced of, displayed and arranged, like Solomon in all his glory. Next day is the religious ceremony, where you assist in special toilette, to congratulate the cherub and seraph and sign the register. There is no breakfast, or. ball. This is the ue pUu ultra of the modern fashionable wedding. It is usual to send a sixpenny well-wishing telegram to the principals if you cannot come, which is a redeeming feature. The provinces are re belling against this latest Paris novelty. The boys and girls-the rurals-have resolved that the wedding must bo an institution, on. the lines of Billy O'Rorke's feast-" ne'er to be forget by those who wero there, and by those ,who .were not." Not only are thev resolvod to havo high jinks on the day of the ccrcmony ; from the bride's family,. but the same must bo repeated the following day week by the bride groom's relatives. Then 4' Jack shall pipe, and Gill "hall dance," and. " Hastoto tno Wed ding" will bo the air fiddled for tho gathering of the clans. / . There is another, if less merry, but not the less charming, institution about being revived, that of the salons, where friends are encountered in the,drawing-room of some lady, accepted as the head-centre of literature, art,, music, or camerie. The materials exist for the re 1 creation # of such mental liealtheries; for [ women in Franco have still clcg-ance, tact, i taste, and the art to speak, to remain silent, and ; to indued others to converse; and there are plenty of gentlemen, not club-philists or Intolligeuce-phobists; who long to pass a few hours a week in tho calm atmosphere of tran quil pleasure, where all would be refined by the softening manners of women and tho cour tesy and chivalry of educated men; where mind oould find a sure oompass to diroot its course and lay down its bearings; where ooterio, clique, and littlo chapels would be taught that the sun was not created oxolusivcly for them ; and that smoking, gambling, green-rooming, and a Brahmin's self-absorbed lifo were not the whole duty of man, the sole aim of society, or tho one end of creation. Tho Prinoess Mathilde, the aged niecn of Napoleon I., has done wonders in this attempt at social renaissanco; her salon is the neutral ground, whoro none are denied a welcomo who havo talent or taste. She is getting up to the seventies, and though her wit is undimmod and her affability undiminished, tho "snow-fall of time" all tho samo. Madame Buloz, wife of tho proprietor-editor of tho Rtvuc des Dettx Jfondes, is making a cbaroing salon; she gives wtokly dinners to the contributors, and it was as such that the Doc d'Aumale onoe to bo -invited, and not ds being1-a king's;son.' Madame ^ Adam, tho editress of tHe NouvelU licvuc, is more cosmopolitan, ; but * .die commits the. error of winking at politics, finance, and affairs-subjects ladies ahhor to honour with an evening dress. There ore happily special zoological refuges-not drawing-rooms-for the unfortunate of both sexes, afflicted with politics and finance on the brain, till Dr. Charcot has a Bporo moment to prescribe, " suggestive common sense," by means of the new influence, or word, called "hypnotism.". Tho tendencies .of fashion- are rational. Eccentricity is tabooed. The unsightly bustle recalling a coach-driver's Beat has given way to the smallest of dromedary humps, just suffi cient to timidly tbo jupe. and mark the outline©! the figure. ,Hoek of boots and slippers are no longer stilts, but constitution ally fiat, and without the peg*top termination so menacing to the wearer's head-dress, by in ducing oscillations, or safety lurches, for self defence. The tips are neither needle-pointed nor a free-masonical square-the feet, in a word, at least enjoy, liberty. There were medical authorities who as* . serted the application of the Chinese prin ciple of feet imprisonment was,- in point of effect on health, only second to tight-lacing of the lungs in stays. The unimpeded circula tion of the blood,'which is life,»is the chief guarantee for health. Dra. Michel, See, and James, the highest comsumption authorities, when called in", invariably demand of the lady particulars as to how she was in the habit of dressing-that is, of arresting the. circulation of her.blood, and starring out of the source . of nutrition, and by obstructing the current of vitality force a stagnation which ultimately develops disease. The Eiffel Tower-shaped bonnet-fit to ac company the bear skins of the Grenadier Guaros, difficult to keep at the right altitude, and as disagreeable at theatres ana concerts as would be gentlemen's hats for spectators, if no more. Its place was naturally inside the ladies* cagegallerrof the House of Commons. At pre sent, the charming capote sways, aod that lady must be difficult to please who cannot construct, with or without a milliner, a duck cf a bonnet out of the ezhaustless varieties of which the capote is the mother type. The capote keeps on the head-not a slight advantage, and which ought to bo the aim of a useful bonnet. So no insurance company's aid is required to jguard against accidents to coiffures.' For trimming, fiowers of all kinds are patronised-anemones, heath, cowslips; as also tulips in the form of aigrette, piercing, snowdrop-like, through' a sheath of ribbon; ears or sheaves of smaller flowers, encased in. a ghost of foliage; and, though gentlemen perhaps do not merit the compliment, baohelor's buttons, plus forget me-not, are pretty garnitures! for bonnets. There are hats made of natural hay, not new mown; the stalks are ingeniously woven into the shape. . Only think of fashion coming to the rescue of distressea agriculture. ' Hats, in a word, as they say on the Stock Exchange, have experienced a " fallthey are as merci lessly cut down as abudget by;* Lord Bandy," but they are only the prettier , in their Hli putianism. To these may be added such et ceteros as lace and metallic embroidery. : The latter is largely employed for dresses and mantles. Is it not prudent in these days of wars and rumours of war for. a lady to be iron cladded? And is not a mctallio netting the best safeguard fighting ships can oppose to insidious torpedoes? A misogamist poet-I think the sinner was Byron, and which justifies the exclusion of Ins cenotaph from Westminster Abbey, said 11 Woman at best is but a contradiction." Is the toleration of Madras stuffs, with the design large check, plain or mixed, a deviation from the good sense mood, that into which fashion is now; drifting ? Are they an eccentricity too, as some ladv-Buskins or "Wilde"-Oscars allege ? Ouite the contrary; the madrases are simple and even elegant, following their shade t*tu\ look. "With the jacquette corsage; madras suits very well, especially if the plaid design be employed for the jupe, and the plain for the tunic and corsage. Antique moire is a material very muoh in favour; the tunes are soft; with the satin stripes paler still, and which harmonise with the darser squares of the velvet. Figured Chinese poplins will be also in vogue, but these exact a merry sunshine. Spotted foulards are much run after. To these tissues may be added the usual array of 6ilk, fancy woollens, and cambrics. Something like a revolution has taken place in bridal toilettes. The dress will be stately and classical. Thick silvered satins, with m'tlc moiro stripes, and a lace Teil will drapo the head. Tulle Yeilfl will bo employed only for drosses in lighter material, with orange blos soms on a tablier of embroidered tnlle. - Ball toilettes still engage most attention, for although it be Lent, friends meet to listen to music, and the evening winds up with a hop; but young people will be young people. Train dresses have out ont short robes for balls and soirees, only whenever a train is longer than a yard ladies Bhould resign themselves not to dance.; Low bodies are adopted, so as to show the nakod shoulders. There is also a return to .ornamenting berthes, but only in tho front, not around the oorsage. For those who wish to dance a compromise has been offectod in tho form of demi- trains, having a 4-inoh sweep on the ground; this is little, and at tho samo time muoh. It impart majesty to tho oamageandslimness and heighs to the; figure-even to ladies in thoir 30th summer. Some way a short dress docs not look well in a ballroom. Blaok lace over old rose satin, and all pique, with abundance of rose satin ribbon, make up a nice ball toilette. For headdress, plume of rose and black feathers; other materials, faille and tulle, with pearl embroidery, plenty of ribbon, and garland of foliage and flowers. For soirees, black gauze and faille, lace and velvet. Visiting costumes aro to bo mot with in silk and plaited surah; otter faille and embroidered silk, with the tailor-shapo jacquet'e. For promenade, elephant-grey woollen and eheok surah of the samo shade, reflecting red and grey s\tins; also French oaihfqeit and velvet tint,'old blue. elevated coiffure,* Diana pattern/'is doomed. The leas a coiffure, is voluminous the more it ia elegant. The hair is made up into a email knot, tightly tied with a ribbon, reposing flat on the head and rather backwards. I*or evening wear they are the ornaraenta''which are elevated, plume like. Pretty yonng ladies ; would do well to rely on the coiffure Marguerite,* of-"Faust," with natural wavy bands,-the back hair tied in catagan rather- than plaita of - Gretchen. . . :? . The prettiest pocket handkerchiefs'have Bome fancy coloured design in the centre; the-bbrder 19 of the same shade as'the design:' ^ There is a tendency' for typical danc^s andi the keeping.of diaries, which, H kept written np, will prove a comfort for old age: h'-. 