CRUMBS. A wet Sunday, farmers j ubilant. Uood fall of rain. Hail smiling morn. Soft green carpetB. Sunshine after rain. Old Kaiser caved in. French naval display. That peripatetic ghost. No 8. A. loan at present We welcome a wet May. Joy amongst the farmers. South Australian loan safe. Salvation Army lasses obstinate. All Honner to the Magill parson. The Markis is now sorry he spoke. Barossa goldfield again looking up. Confidence amongst business people. A poetical Premier. Eh, Mattinson, Three vacancies in the Upper House. Armageddon prophets again hopeful. Even a Bismarck is liable to blunder. The borrower is servant to the lender Cheap railway fares during the Jabilee. Wheat market continues extremely dulL Poverty increasing in New South Wales. What has the Hon. A. Oatt in prospeot 1 Station in Queenland etuok up by blacks. Half our troubles are merely annoyanoes. Who will win in the Afghan Tug of War! Will Deputy Premier Bray be promoted f Alsatians being bundled over the Border. Tasmanian wheat yield nearly 17 bushels. Worsnop in pursuit of two Hallelujah lasses. Sir Jack is very cautious at the Conference. Gold continues to be found at Forest Creek. The late air W. W. Hughes left £316,200. Old Blood-and-Iron sat upon by his master! "The Bushranger" hung—so he ought to be. The ohildren's demonstration will oosfc £500. The labour puzzle a4- the Northern Terri tory. Canadians want to lead John Bull by the nose. Very satisfactory returns from New Era again. Bain not answered expectations at Port Lincoln. Enperor William won't encourage kid napping. Our musical friends should be examples of harmony. When will the jubilee cantata be ready for rehearsal? Our delegate is the wrong sort of man to be driven. Three old fosBil vacancies. Another chance forU.W.C. Greater Britain ruling the roost at the big Convention. Dentists now lookiog out for billets as Corner-men. Outalpa Kanges to be the richest goldtield in Australia. That new loan will carry us over the Jubilee year. Sir Graham's fiery speech has converted the Marquis, Port Adelaide and Glenelg bidding for the Bear-Admiral. How long will our new loan keep the wolf from the do or? In the release of prisoners Heath should be One of the first. Blue-bagmen hold the balanoe of power in new Assembly. Pore Augusta to have a Roman Catholic BiBbop to itself. Sydney unemployed to be absorbed in water conservation. Only 300 amendments on Irish Crimes Bill tabled in Commons. Mr. Ooates reappointed Secretary of the Agricnltnral Society. Population of the colony lower than it was at this time last year. Treasury receipts on account of land for March, £6,589 l2«. Id. Exhibition season tickets, two guineas for gents ami one for ladies. JuBt a little rongh on the York to be called a " den" o( Auld Clootie's. Prospectus out of IVetuloi Quartz Crush ing and Calcining Company. Live Chinaman, who nau ten spears stick ing in him, arrived at Bowen. Chafi'ey Brothers are not frightened at either freetrade or protection. Property of Largs Bay Company to be placed on the Loudon market. A bountiful harvest would be a gratifying tecognition of our Jubilee tributes. Port Augusta wauts a railway to Weit Australia on the laud-grant principle. When a former Pope created a few Bishops in England it occasioned no little stir. Bev. A. Hanger's scheme is for the settle ment of 300,000 people in this colony. The Salvation Army will forfeit all right to consideration if they annoy the public. What does Sir William say to his marble palace being converted into an hospital? The anomaly of two gentlemen claiming to be BiBbop of Adelaide has been got ever. Deputy Premier jauntily confident, having practised for the fiual grand somersault. Mr. W. A. Horn's iuea for overcoming the break of-gauge difficulty—hopper wagons. Judge Cooper, of Queensland, cautioned for threatening to strike. May be " amoved." Freezing stations are oontem plated at Alice Springs as well us the Adelaide River. Pugilistic encouuteis on Oval on Satur day. Association ought to stop such conduct. Imperial delegates to lunch _ with the Queen. Deportment masters having a good time. Numerous aspirants for Chairmanship of Committees, is Mr. Bagster the comiog man? Another honour for the Adelaide Chess Congress — The Australasian Brilliancy Prize ! Alderman Kither will contribute a Bullock (not his fellow Alderman) to the Jabilee dinner. Don't read books of the ' Jack Harkaway type. They have lauded another foolish lad in gaol. The progress of crime—a rope witn a. triangle in the early stage, and a gallows at. the end. .... Von Beyer, said to be a Count, will rusti cate in gaol for fourteen days for stealiag &. revolver. , ... Clarke, the Scotch champion, won the bix days' professional bicycling championship of Victoria. , „ _ t Plans of Strasburg, Mayenoe, and Metz. Forts said to have been secured by Iuspeotor Schnabelb Set the revised edition of the Bible free, from the modern mechanical pecuniary law of copyright. April in England | Now bank an' brae are claithed in greeu, An* scattered cowslips sweetly spring. Are Chaffey Brothers waiting for Parlia ment to sanction their agreement before they start work ? Lay preaching and admirable organiza tion is the secret of the strength of the Methodists. There is apparently no hope at all for the wicked when even the good get left occasionally. Two-thirds of the work in the Surveyor Gei-<ral's Department is unnecessary, says Dor. S6muel. Not a word about a szl-iss of beer to the 2,000 at the Jubilee dinner. The Mayor will look after that. _ Mr. Service insists upon the New Hebrides question being settled before the Conference ael< gates disperse. It got so dark in some of the Churches last Sunday forenoon that the ministers could not read their sermens. The spirit of independence and self assertiveness at the Conference has astonished the British Cabinet. While our Adelaide capitalists are offering their services to Sydney, Teetulpa is being gained bv Victorians. "A Mother" wants to know if Queen's weather will be guaranteed by Mr. Todd for the children's festival. Quten Victoria has been an illustrions example of all that is pure and noble and of good report in womanhood. Let the " Harniy" proceah if they like, but 'tis too bad if they settle down under any one man's windows every night. If Hamlet were here nowadays to wish for resolving of too solid flesh, he would be told to ride a bicycle for six days. •• Sally," said a lover to his intended," give us a kits, will yon, Sally?"—No, I shan't," said Sally; "help yourself." Is it not abont time Speaker of Union Par liament was knighted ? Wait till the Exhibi tion honours are distributed. Prize of £20 offered for best-managed farm within 100 miles of Adelaide. Judges to pay their own zigzagging expenses. Professor McMiunies does not mention in biB qualifications meekness. ItiB necessary in the agricultural department. In one of the Churches last Snnday a hunt was made through the congregation for a smoker with a match to light the gas. Agricultural grazing blocks of from 4,000 to 20,000 acres are being numerously applied for, the rent being from Jd. to 2d. per acre. A demonstration by school children, a free dinner for the poor, and an illuminated city will be inoluded in our Jubilee celebra tions. A hint to the wise—The dear hoys and girls who don't go to Sunday School should re member the prospect of a treat and medal on Jubilee Day. Will the Ministry propose an increase to | the Governor's salary on account of the extraordinary nnmber of visitors to Govern ment House? Freedom of Stratford-on-Avon presented to Garrick May 3,17G9 The rank is but the guinea's stamp. The man's the gowd for a' that. Mr. W, V. Smith—"I have a oow that gives over a bucketful of milk a day." Commissioner Stuart—" Lawyers are expe rienced milkmen." If ex-Moderator Gordon would like to secure the success of the Methodists be must be prepared to admit more freely the lay element to the pulpit. Tell a woman that a matter is simple and common, and she treats it with contempt; bat mention that it is a mystery and a secret, and her interest is unbounded. Sir Henry Bishop died April 30,1885. Though we ha'e little gear, We're fit to win our daily bread, Ab lung 'a we're hale and fler. A candid paraon at 8.30 last night told an I audience that as there were " two fluttering ] beans" waiting for him to make them one, he would n„t deliver a long speech. New nawes for the Jewish young men who putt-til lhiongh the fiery furnace—Shake- j join-ltd, Make-yourbed, and To- bed-you gr.. That is not frum the revised version. Sir Robert Stout contends that Imperial fcdeiatinu can oalv obtain by England iso letiig lii-it-.-n" Kuropean interests. Dms not Juuia in.-..!.-.- l-.jiopean interests? Duii.- <it (JumiAugiu'ci birthday, May 1 (born is,'!.}. 'J be f.ijte grave ancient coughed, and bade me say, V uii're uue year older this important day. A good day's work—Religious services in Ecvtrel of the Churches, a children's aeuion etiation on Montefiore Hill, and a public dinner to the poor in the Exhibition Build ing' A working man offers as a practicable sug gestion that the gentlemen who wish to foster the cultivation of the vine in the hills should offer, where poesible, cuttings of marketable Our Conservative Crumbster says: — "Nothing new for foreign Fowera to menace Great Britain; it would be novel, though, if the menace were resented in the true Palmer stonian spirit." Doubtless the Flinders electors are quite , as happy as those go-a-liead mortals in other parte of the colony who revel in railways, telegraphs, and tramcare, and daily objurgate about the telephone. Johann Strauss uses apiauo so made that it cannot be heard beyond the room in which it is played. The man who introduces a cornet for amateurs, built upon the same principle, will be hailed as a public benefactor. 0 nature I a' thy shows an' forms, To feeling, pi-nsivo hearts ba'e charms ! Whether the summer kindly warms, Wi' life an' light, Or winter howls in gusty storms The lang dark night 1 Queen Mary escaped from Lochleven Castle May 2,15G8:— Here Stuarts once in glory reigned, And laws for Scotland's weal ordained; But now unroofeil their palace stands. Their sceptre's swayed by other hands. A good idea for our only General to carry out—Have a Church parade either the Sun day beiore May 24, or the following Sunday; the hat to be sent round, and the proceeds to go towards a good feed for the poor on Jane 20\. Try it; it will pay. We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous. The claims of the future are represented by the suffering millions; and , the youth of a nation are the trustees of j posterity.—Earl of ISe.acomfdd. The order of the Thistle was revived in 1540: Tbe rough hurr-thistlo, spreading wide Among the bearded bear 1 turned the weeder clips aside, And spared the symbol dear Verdi has invented several new instru ments for his new opera "Otello." One is j made of copper, wood, and asses' skin, which will emit an "extraordinary lugubrious and strange" note when Othello smothers Eesde tnona. He has also added a fifth string to his violins. Do yonr best and await calmly the result. It is anxiety, not work, which kills; it ia work, not anxiety, which commands success. There is a Hindoo saying that the fortune of a man who sits sits also; it sleeps when he sleeps, moves when he moves, and rises when be riees. A beggar was asking alms in the suburbs , of Madrid, when apassor-by said to him— | "Areyon not ashamed to follow that in famous employment, as you are able to work?" To which the beggar smartly re plied—"Sir, I asked your charity not your advice." " I will save yon a thousand pounds," said an Irishman to an old gentleman, "if you don't stand in your own light." "How?" " You have a daughter, and you intend to give her ten thousand as a marriage portion?" " I do," " Sir, I will take her with nine th our-and." London Inventions Exhibition opened, May 4,1885:— She calls the useful many forth; Plain plodding industry and sober worth : Thenco peasants, farmers, native sons of earth, and merchandise' whole genus take their birth. A lady, who waa very modeat and sub missive before marriage, was observed by a friend to use her tongue pretty freely after. " There waa a time," said her friend, " when I almost imagined she had none." " Yes, J said the husband, with a sigh, " bnt it's very long since." In a very thin bouse an actress spoke very low in her communication with ner lover. The actor, whose benefit it happened to be, exclaimed with a face of woful humour, "My dear, you may speak oat, there is nobody to hear us." In men there is a lump upon the windpipe J formed by the thyroid cartilage which is not to be seen in woman. An Arabian fable says that this is part of the original apple that has stuck in the man's throat by the way, but that the woman swallowed her part of it 1 down. " What is your name ?" said an American cenBUB officer. "John Concoran." "Your age?" "Twenty-one." What nativity?" " Well, that's what bothers me. I'll tell yon, and maybe you can make it out. My father wus Irish, my mother English, I was born on board a Dutch frigate, under the French flag, in Turkish waters. Now, how is it?" I A prudent and parsimonious old lady, who lived in one of the Western Isles of Scotland, took the following method to get rid of the visitors and strangers who came to her houBe. HaviDg set before her gueBts an ample High land breakfast, she said, towards the con clusion of the meal—"Frav, take a good breakfast; there is no saying where yon may get your dinner." Privileges of High Rank,—Railway Gates man—" It's agiu tbe rules, my lady, openin' o' the gate like this; but it ain't for the likes o' me to keep yer ladyship waitin'." Noble | Countess (whose carriage is now between the gates on the rails)—" Why is it against the rules, my good man ?" Railway Gatesman— 1 "Well, my lady, the 5.17 down expresB has been doo these ten minutes."—London Punch. In tbe Dominion of Canada they are going into the Jubilee preparations with a will At Halifax an Art (School is to be built in com memoration of the event, and the foundation stone of a new City Hall is to be laid during the festivities. ISt John, New Brunswick, will build a Free Public Library by way of memorial. Naval and military reviews and an international yacht race will be held at Halifax, The best remedy for bleeding at tbe nose is a vigorous motion of the jaws as if in the act of mastication. In the case of a child, a wad of papjor ohould be placed in its mouth, and tbe child instructed to chew it hard. It is the motion of tbe jaws that stops the flow of blood. The remedy iB so very simple that many will feel inclined to laugh at it; hat it has never been known to fail—not even in severe cases. A well-known French savant suggests that sulphur should be carried on board every ship for use in case of fire. Half a hundredweight of sulpbnr will be sufficient to abstract the - whole of the oxygen from 3,500 cubic feet of air, thus unfitting it to support combustion; and the writer remarks that in a closed space like a ship's hold the burning of sulphur will prevent fire from rising and spreading if pains be taken to properly close the hatches. The word "lullaby" is derived from "Lilla abi!" (begone Lilith). Lilith waB a famous witch in tbe Middle Ages, and is introduced in tbe night scene in " Faust." The Hebrews had a popular belief that from Lilith, a female spectre, descended all the demons which tempt mankind. They believed Lilith to have been a wife of Adam before Eve's creation. Burton's "Anatomy of Melancholy" gives tbe story of Lilli°, and pictures her as a beautiful woman, who lures men to deB.ruc tiou. The Cathedral authorises at Bangor have been trying an exceedingly simple plan for compelling proper attention to the Cathedral sermons. The congregation, it seems, have got iuto a disrespectful way of going out of ihe Church in a body at tbs conclusion of the antbem. A Sunday or two ago this un seemly exoduB was checked by the discovery that all the doors were locked. Unfortu nately, the people instead of quietly taking the hint, made such a disturbance that ulti mately the doors bad to be opened. In Nubia there are groves of acacia extend ing ever 100 miles eijuaie. The most con spicuous species, says Dr. Sweiufurtb, is the acacia fistula. Its Arabic name is "soffirr," meaning flute or pipe. From tbe larvse of insects which have worked their way to the inside, their ivory-white Bhoots are often distorted iu form and swollen out at their base into a globular bladder-like gall, about 1 inch in diameter. After the insect has emerged from a circular hole, this thorn-like shoot becomes a sort of musical instrument, upon which the wind as it plays produces the regular sound of a flute. Oil this account the natives of the Soudan name it the •whistling-tree." A schoolmaster, in the neighbourhood of London, the other day, after giving one of his pupils a sound drubbing for speaking bad grammar, Bent him to the other end of the room to inform another boy that he wished to speak to him, and, at the same time, promis ing to repeat the dose if he spoke to him un grammatically. The youngster, being quite satisfied with what he had gut, determined to be exact, and thus addressed his fellow pupil:—"There is a common substantive of the masculiue gender, singular number, nominative case, and in an angry mood, that sits perched upon the eminence at the other end of the room, wishes to articulate a few sentences to yon in the present tense " 