CIIA'ATEII XV, The oulds anld heel .?rs I hutle bout frorn col to Ceill, and tI e ,c allitocC I)o111 till nhric ho aIt theul to catch Mthi pale-aced ýIh,)r4. But there is no ghost to be peen, antd they tiht tha etil doors all ioet d nod qut t, aind cflter tittli mor? e-raling and a iew onth ti the nlnlmlmtilte. !;t diirt), rel and td Iturn to Lthir former qutartcu r. 'TIh h:tpcrrc dr, p dowi n nd nro soon eonund ncleep, . ;in, but thit t.rd twllta ] ip tand downl and Inmoke., ptunin: and rcpnsollt poor 1 c10 s cr(uilC i?g?in her hidintg place. Siho claoli herr handsi an1d pr.}sn that Pho nalcy die, rethtr thOnI he ontsigned to her drceary cell tti'n, and while 'l.u lpria the tlLrd va~niclsn. tt bhetltintth? hin, Il that there i onmu brandty on a tabei it thei t clptioll roolm above, and fecling unOually Ihiroty and ctuggi.h, he runO up to refrtcl hinself. 'tis hetics his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair ke all apparitiotn. A fwct noio?leto stepst, nud she ht'tantdo beforo the l:rse outier door, and, na Joie caid, the hu!o kcey is in thoe lock. She orizrz thoe k?y with both hlnnd . It tnrln il Iho look with a ra~iping sound, and tho door scwiuco oprien. Site dartt out, leaving it wide open behind hIr, lies1 nlolog Iho Plbterranenno court, iup tihe stels, nlld her eol touch the cool, green grned. The silent Osunlllu r olies are above her-t-lh cool, dtlmp windsu fan her hut brow. An pho standa lidazd with th I blietoful linily that rlo is fico, a tigurtlt dartl cut Iot!nhllt ivy gloou, nnd a linlt Ihanlld graIsps hlt Itrn . " 11 re y ou are at laot," whiltpoll Jouin'd voice. "Concc-quickc I" lteo hut ic her toui tcowards the main gate,twhioh tilt.) lind standing olighhtly ajar. o (mic'," urgo'e Juohio; ttand (lh0 dral'n her halffiiintil',g cutn,.ciiut thronuglt, and out into the narow path l(1t leads cttdown tli ht ccp. '1TlIty nml teorct'ly' out tlwn a o tlurn iit etl iiloetly tfroi the rionl of i hiui, Ihee, and in !t twinlkinl the, I;oti i' lonoed, nnd Jac?une I .i . I . Il id i tip lnid id W1 5 tisll III volI , slsl i llsi I nwRY i s-s( t ist l it?Iy nil suiain h ltist 1 h lsttisu fly i0 ith1 s ory I :it L hsti , l tsll Isuldinl; Ill.r lms. 110ll lll id l t I llitll (min tl r figll' I 11s11 1 uri (11 11 ii i lii 1111) liv 11u rI li -- II? il, ill-- 1is Ilgii stll Iir Ltli'ne. I I'llse s I Up hla this ~ nills ti ( ivh 'l ,l)h 'll Is IIs , S'II ii ,'' Iv .it --l " Its I-', iliy ltn illls , its it yults '" Il slll lit l I'Il r w nll, e si11 1t11s Is 11s, ind l ill li l l lll i utsItsIp l 11 I I hl ilt l s t his'w'lynIlI hlousts l (ilst hl lull s lt ol it. l:, A stibs II 's l' I, ts l'.5 ilt I i t i sll ii it' i sh, IlllIrl ot h I l's is-ill I' lts I ll It I viw. plowhI t1 n 111 , liy. II1 I0110 PItngl elll, It Ih1,l' Ih Il, i lt lllligo05pl Me uli ill leri wl'l " e:1, It eon m e . le.nr St. Allbyc,'' Lic nnr inur n i t brukli, littoui, oice, " I ad o,n thougiciht of eteinll you. I-I hoped it aie HaI. Aubyn does not conprehend her faltering words, and holds her fast, all his old, mad, short-lived loveo blazing up afresh. Sensible, mattllerof-fact Josie, however, puts anll nd to his little love scene with great oolnoeJ. " My lord," sho ela., Louching his nlm, and pointing with a nod of her curly henad towanla tihe mnadhocne. onil tilhe upper terrace of whictl unusual lights are glealnino', " Inol: there I In a few nin ltee thbo eepers will be in pursuit of n. )Don't you think we had better Oieape while we can I" " Yes, yes ; what a fool I am I" cries ;t. Aubyn ; and tallilng BeenI in his strong arms, as hle caught anl held her once before in all hour of peril, le daselle down the steep at a headlong pace. It is aolnrinteristic of the man that he should forget Jeilo and lose sigllt of her daoger; hlie never cared for any earthly thing save lis own uelfl.rntiaienlion. And at this ionimelet it pleases and chaorms hinl to have Bene restored to him in this reo mnntie ond marvellous fashion. So he dashes down, elasping her closely, utterly unmindful whether the child behlind him breaks lier neck or tnot. It might have been no well for mily lord, the Mlarquis of St. Aubyn, if aloe hld, taking after events into consideration ; but there was little fear of eueh a n atstropho. Josic's foot was no fleet nod sure as the foot of a miountain chamois, and thle descended the dangerous path, and nwas at the door of the carriage, which stood in the valley below, quite as soon as my lord hlmself. ilcu spnr;u'n-l; mt lle trleplig meiCn ili a?l narnms, and then, turning to upeakl to the driver, lie nsw the girl to whaon wondrous eourai11e and skill lho woo indebted for his great hlppincre. "11Ah, I had quite forgotlon," le said. "Come, my bravo little girl, jump In." Josie's fearleen eyes lned omrething very near akin to contelllpt in their shining depths, ns she lookIced up at the handsome noblemann. " No, ily lord," ClIo eaid, quictly, " I am going l!oene." Beut leu:a struggled up and put out her white face. "' Plene--ol, ileanec don't leavo moe " rho ontlrlced. "IlhuIh !" interpoeed St. Aubyn, before ,loio could an'0nwr; " you may rle?t now, my darling, and go with mel . Slle shnll colnle to you to-morrow. Lomu to Nivernoin to-mtorrowe, illy girl--do you hear?" Joeio nodded, and the carriagee dallhed off down the rivor.roal, while the gill pursued lher way aeross he grove to the little cottage on the suburbs of Mloulins. Tine let, cloudy nlight ii ended, and ov.r tile hills the Sibballh morning dawnev . A brillht, crisp September morn, with a stilf ebrcza rulilm,: the river, ned drifting the fleecy cloudn lrooe tile daz:eling river. In the wllilo boudoir at Nivernoio Court, on a white volvet couch, all itarred and fringed with silver, BIes lies. 11cr toilet IanH just been mande, in lbedicence to my lord's order, and laclico, tile l'renlch mai,, has found thlat wondrouse b lecoming? wrapper of white anud blue silk Slerowhete eamili the many treneurea n of yNivornoio, and clollied leone', willowy li;ur en i i. 'The reoeh lies, fair ar. snow-drop, paIoive an alabe, it great wi,.tlul ltielIdrnlrcel in her brown even. Mrs. ILtoath, clth lIousakeelcpr, aplpears with a dainly Ibrell.faet on a silver tray, anel insists that the youg;: lady ilnt' cat; and IBeid rimc obedicutly, and tries to cat the broiled bird, and the roll, though every moreel thrletens to chokee hler. 'IThn she lies down l aglill, she feels so Stired and vweak, and listene, in a lanquid I way, to thb Sa.bbith bells chlituino in dMonllilll, wondering ,'lhtt the poor creaturee Ili Mount Clateetntrou tnO doing-nilent tears of 'ratita1ud trickling down ier cnleekr meonwhile. Snhe i:l free, but yet there is a look of icl,ret in her sweet, mleck ,'yen. She inhear the b:lll again, and lonleho they caery lier away baeu to lier :ld Indian life; she thika of her father, and lher tears flow inaer. "hli'." tcho nlurmnls, denpaliriul'ly, "if 1I could have gione o to l:dnod I Oil, poor ittld moned !-ihcll I never see hin again ?1' A q li1kt, buoyant erelp rings upon theo unllbll lilts withoult,l nd there is a ulharp,, iupalnie mit rap at tihl door. "Comlle i1," eay llossay,leniuidly, and NIt. AtIlhyn cl eln . Ile tc'aclhes tile conllc at on lniud, antd hii the little, p?e-ivo fidire in "li poor little dove, mily pr'cinuene litle 1e3, ov !"' e boll s,.bs, drrl pion; tot L1 .,oc oalt llr treml'llnl ; mll th o ,l:d i , it eI i cln :, Oh ', to think. I I ave belie.vel lyou l, , i nod burld, and hov I hiv, w:,,.urcd I you ! Oil, 1I1s1, Bea, if I had comne to u:u from your collie, it could not f, e tra,- ,. 1 I mln l halippy, C vhild, lwhat 1incalcs \au trel:bl'e Are you afraid t Why, lien :en tL, l ienlli cnne rach y)Ou h1.le. Y'ou aire llilei. Ia n ,i to ovic llld hcri, il forever. ]lei , look at 1ec; let me sea your sawet eyi ; amnt tell me if you are ilad to Icet back to Illen ca:nin I linse looki up, and meets hlis im i .mic gline, and a faint alish tiec o in her waxen checks. His eyen have lost none of their o!d dalngerous power. "Yes," hoe falters, " 1 nm glad." " And you will do precisely as I wish you, dearcet C"cuntiinuec Sft. Ansh)Ie. " Yean, my lord," Il breonlak into a gay laugh, and covers her Iace with care'ncne. "'IThe', you delnuro lilttl nun," hle erica, cxultantly, "in ll hour from now you shall o.:y, not n'y Inid, but ly hu1ninhled. ioe hire, ells, thin in your wedding; ri, tilo l till-well"-- he necenuerv.' and falters, rII ninbt ring that lady ?cnlllandt Il nOW wvenro the chl St. Auhen opal, in tolen l ef hnr otn g;a?enmnt to hintleil-" till I cnln gut the old opal yelou one wore. It ialnll be yollr yet;l bmt thiswill do now, in its tead. T'iete if tl pIilet all ready in the honel,n and we will go biolo thie old Nivernic altear, aind be mnadi man aund wife, anld thIne, ciy own love, no earthly poweor shall part 1. lhall it cent be nell" A lailnt nelel ?ieaplee her, and she luuolu up t himn with enlreatinhi myc, " Oh1, lcy lurd," he, f sie st," yovn are good nt.l kind, biul it Iln ,lt ot Io l-it O ,lnleet el,'. Ilon't yonI IIInow thidt Ish Inver youll --l,:ndy C ai,, atia. 1Il an? tle nn l n' yli ell Inii w thti l elh paltileI tl , nled pl t i 00 in lli t11 d l ful placi, bcaiit-iineniuni iOle could nlt betar It i eo i ii yotr eifll, 1" " 'ces, I Ilow," hi. An ) n bcc le ee vtii iiith'ncly, purple ie noil n ti rtin n tot ne e hin l whilell brow. "'''liIero i' n l n o'c ti n l s llln, IinI f i tllnh r n t1 milltel'd tilf tcnlt wikel d, helnen ec l e Inninin iilini-lll ela tile elaidii e i f VUl Oni nei ii i i 1ii at hct i d, liiy tIeg'aeudra'e inihe chll bhe I, un bll ii l lthe elt bhenelh yeur ent, ccy darlig. I hliedo itro lig ler ln were lhilandred tiile Ii co Sin. Ihii, mty'tt l nlcpi, h ''r fa e whitu with pail " 011, el y told," Itils g1 nsll, " domil t II( y tLuob tr i nbu thiunin I The pin t in enai. iullt now, cent l eenI freI . II I ane forgive hi u r, nerienly "N'' , li e, l' canlnoL fc IneetII Ie if. I halnl ire olnr cl'er to be dnilt withl by ihe "My 'nrd, for anlaen," aied liene, .vitli Ila cli(dl eioI't "n d e niii it WOlee nlr itu from the lin?an e mci i ; e l fietid into inhlne e,,nat ehe did by niner Innlet ' nli in . I ehi I en. Whi ove, I nyou, y liidI, nel Ioohed |ii omi yei l i1e' he | pl'onlini e d l line le d, nine " I i Ien n i" eclianieee n Ii Unceliip, " It i ls h0 lilete, lly yl in, hlit it i n Ins Iota vP W ll Itow o tIl o IllI (1thb w Il' ll / V Irten to icr, aii toll ler h 1ee I lee 'ly forl ie " e.\el y le, ihennI , Illy II. .ill' l' l lii, ,ichny-ec-n i cv~l nIce Uieenel entenihe I:~ n hiee i 