JACK AND JILL.. Two figures were standing in the bay-window of a country drawing-room; a glorious summer's sunset was gilding the topmost branches of the trees io the old garden with its last rays, and the chimes in the village church-tower rang out eight o'clock. Their sound broke a long silence which had reigned in the room, and the yonng man, fixing his eyes on his girl companion, spoke hur riedly. ' I did not know it was so late ! I mnst be off, or I shall miss my train to to wo, and my regiment at Portsmonth, and all my chances of getting on in the world. Bat, by Heaven, I'll do even that, if you will only say to me "Stay!" ' But I don't say Stay, Jack ; I say Go. Go, and God bless yon !' There was a deep tenderness in her low voice which any man might have been prond to hear, bnt, because she would not grant him his wish, young Marriott found her harsh aod cruel. ' And what's the good of that; if yon yourself won't bless me, Jill 1 What else in the world do I care for but your ' 'Then go and do your duty, and prove yourself worthy of me ! » 'Bnt if you will not promise me thaff you will be mine? he asked sadly. And Jill went on to answer him in her sweetest, firmest way. ' I have told yon, Jack, that, though I will not promise now to be yoor wife, T Tint I ( nrnmtfia it tft trnn in (Kraft or sooner, if you come home ; and, till then, you and I are both of ue to be free. I know my own heart well enough, and £ daresay you think you know yours, but how can you tell with whom yon may fall in love while yon are away? Yon are only one-and- twenty now, and I am almost the only girl you have ever known. How can you tell what the world may have to teach you and show yon ? ' Oh, my darling ! No one else in it can ever be the same to me that you are!' ' Well, then, if you think so after three years, £ will be your, proud wife. Sprely, if we are in earnest, we can be true to each other without any formal promise to bind us % And, if we can not, (hen it will be ten times better for us never to have been engaged. Now, good-bye, Jack,' she added, after a pause. ' As you say, if yon stay longer, you will really be too late. Good-bye,' 'You are so calm andquiefc. Ah, Jill, if yon cared as much as I do!' And he seized her hand and covered it with kisses. - - . She was very calm, ' certainly ; but for all that, when in another moment he. was gone and there was no one to. see her emotion, she threw herself on the sofa, murmuring between her deep, sobs: 'Oh! my darling, my darling! And he thinks it is because I ' do not love him enough. - Am I right to treat him so? Is it wise?' Was.she right? Was it wise ? At any rate she had sent him7 away from her. And as he left her that summer's even- ing, a bright, splendid, perfect knight, whom any fair lady might well be of, she never saw him again. . And yet ifwas because he was so splendid- that she had refused his pleadings. Jack was the only child of the squire of the parish, General Mar riott ; and : Jane Armstrong, once named Jill by Jack; and afterward Universally called so, was the eldest daughter of the Rector. . " The Rectory giirden was bounded on two sides by the woods around the Hall, said, from their childhood, Jack and Jill had been accustomed to play together during the holidays like brother and sister. . When rite was seventeen and he nine- teen, he passed with credit into the Engineers, and went up to Chatham to s'udy, and when he came back from his first term there, the old relationship between the two was at an end, a change in it being unavoidable, if sad. Jill was shy and Jack officiously polite; wearing his best clothes when he was likely to meet her, bringing her flowers from his father's conservatory and grapes from his vinery ; and, in fact, making hot love to her, which state of things continued until the occurrence of the scene described above. General Marriott saw it all plainly enough, hut being fond of Jill, he was well pleased at the prospect of having her for his future daughter-in-law. It was Jill, only Jill, who saw any hazard in the engagement, although it seemed to her that her whole happiness depended upon it. It was for that very reason she wished to win, not the rash, impetuous, boyish love Jack could give her at present, but- the love of his future manhood, of his life. She was so well aware of the advantages he possessed: his social position, which would introduce him into the best society ; his physicial beauty, his win ning grace, his ready wit, which would ensure him friends and admirers where soever he might be : was it likely that he would always remain true to the everyday English girl with no especial gifts ? Yes, it was likely, Jill thought thankfully, because she knew something of his character ; but it was not certain, for he was untried. Let him be tried : aud then, if he proved faithful, he should be rewarded by a love as deep as the fathomless sea, as strong as the elements themselves, and faithful nnto death 1 little did Jack know, as he left the Rectory gates, that such a gift was his already, whether he ever came back worthy to claim it or not. \- And so two years passed away whi le Jack was in India. They did not write to each other except on birthdays and special occasions, because Jill had for bidden correspondence as likely to make him feel less free. From General Mar riott, she heard of him every other week, and he seemed to be well and popular and happy. Of a young curate, who came to the parish, and after doing his utmost to win Jill's love, left the place in anger and despair, it is needless to write here : his pride was, after ail, more wounded by the utter coldness of her manner than his heart smitten by it. At the end of two years, the old General, who had been a long while a widower, died ; aod Jill learnt no more now of Jack's welfare, for the Hail was entirely closed. At that time, too, the Becond Afghan war broke out; and his regiment was sent -to the font. Those were anxious days for her, when she daily waited at the Rectory gate to meet the old postman who brought the morning paper, and with trembling hands would open it to see if any batttie had been fought and what names were amongst the killed or wounded or sick. . At last, one eveniog her brother came back from a neighbouring town with news of the defeat of Maiwand : he knew no particulars, and Jill had to wait till the next day in sickening anxiety. She spent the night sleeples- sly, but not tearfully; for if her darling died a soldier's death, why she, a soldier's sweetheart, must be brave too — if only she could be sure she was his sweetheart still 1 Surely the war was a special occasion which would have warranted his writing to her. Yet never a line from him had come. The next morning, when the postman put the paper iu her hand, she leaned against an old chestnut tree in the garden and opened it and read — first the names of those killed in battle. Thank God, thank God, his was net amongst them ! Then, the seriously wounded. Ah ! there it was, one of the very first : Lieutenant John Mar riott of the Royal Engineers ! He was suffering agonies in some camp hospital: perhaps dying, or perhaps dead ! Oh I why bad she not gone out at the begin ning of the war, with other ladies, as a nurse ? Then she might have been with him now, to win him back to life again with her care and tenderness, or to comfort him until the eud. Wish was vain as it was earnest ! for she was in her far awav Enelish home, and must hurry into the school room to superintend the lessons of her young sister ; and into the garden to see about having the Autumn fruits picked for jam-making ; and to a dozen other small duties, which make np the sum total of a woman's daily life. Two days afterwards, there came great comfort for her in an Indian letter from Jack, written some weeks before the Maiwand disaster, and brim ful of good spirits aud hope ; and these words were at the end of it : ' If 1 get through this campaign ail right and come home again safe and sound, will my time of probation be over then 1 Tell me, my darling, for indeed, indeed, I am getting weary of it? Aye, -the time of probation was over, bnt would he ever know it ? After that, Jill heard nothing of him for over six months, and although she had not.seeu any mention of his death in the papers, hope, growing less and less, had almost left her. In spite of her good courage, it was with a white face and a weary step that she went about her duties ; she, who was wont to be so cheerful in the days gone by, that she had been called by the family, 'Sun- shine.' She had now a strange fancy for sit ting, towards sunset, alone in the bay window, where she had lost parted from her lover ; and one evening : it was a Sunday : having excused herself from going with the rest to church on the plea of fatigue; she lay there in a rocking-chair, dreaming sweet day dreams of that bright, manly yonng face which bad looked so entreatingly into here, . and seeming to hear again his reproachful cry, Ah, Jill, if yon cared as'much as I do !' . A day-dream, and yet a reality ; for as she raised her eyes, .Jack; or else his ghost, was standing beside her 1 But it was no ghost who" flung his arm round her neck, and repeated again and again : ' My darling 1 My Jill ! my treasure !' Oh! Jack, Jack; I thought yon wouldne vercome 1' So did I,' he said, solemnly, ' But look at me, my dear one : lam not the (same. I ' j Then-she sawth&t; the right slesv ' of his coat was hanging empty at his Bide. ' No, Jack, yon are not the same,' she said, catching np her breath, ' for yon are mine now, whatever is in store for either of us. Only forgive me for not having trusted you sooner.' 'Yet that was well, my love: because you see if we had been promised to each other, aud I had come back to yon like this, why yon would have felt obliged to have me, aud — perhaps — perhaps— ' I should never have been so worth less as that, I hope ; but doing without you has taught me to valae you now, and if the lines have been hard ' She was crying on his poor wonnded sbonlder. 1 Please God, the hard lines are ever for ns both : for me they are at any rate,' be whispered, looking down at her fondly and proudly, ' for the angels are not all in heaven yet.' 