ALLAIT QUATERMAIN: i BEING AS ACCOUNT OF HTS FURTHER ADVENTURES AND DISCOVERIES IN COMPANY WITH SIR HENfiY OUK.rH, BART., COMMANDER JOHN GOOD, R.N., AND ONE UMSLOPOGAAS. BY H. RIDER HA.GGrA.RD, Author of "She," "King Solomon's MineB,' &c.; Ex Africa semper aliquid novi. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER X.-THE ROSE OF FIUE. (Continued.) As soon as we had settled ourselves a little on the round stones we proceeded to ?wash ourselves and dress our barns as well aa we could. As we had bub a little oil for the lantern we could not spare any for this purpose, so we skinned one of the swans and used the fat off its breast, which proved an excellent substitute. Then we repacked the canoe, and finally proceeded to take some food, of which I need scarcely say we were in need, for our insensibility had endured for many hours, and it was, as our watches showed, mid-day. Accordingly we seated ourselves in a circle, and were soon engaged in discussing our cold meat with such appetite as we could muster, which, in my case at any rate, was not much, as I felt sick and faint after my sufferings of the previous night, and had besides a racking headache. It was a curious meal, The gloom was so intense that we could scarcely see the way to cut our food and convey it to our mouths. Still we got on pretty well, although the meat was tainted by the heat through which it had passed, till I happened to look behind me-my attention being attracted by a noise of something crawling over the stones, and perceived sitting upon a rock in my imme diate rear a huge species of black fresh water crab, only it was five times the size of any crab I ever saw. This hideous and loathsome-looking animal had pro jecting eyes that seemed to glare at one, very long and flexible antennce or feelera, and gigantic claws, Nor was I especially favored with its company. From every quarter dozens of these horrid brutes were creeping up, drawn I suppose by the smell of the food, from between the round stones and out of holes in the precipice. Some were .already quite close to us. I stared quite fascinated by the unusual sight, and as I did so I saw one of the beasts stretch out its huge claw and give the unsuspecting Good such a nip behind that he jumped up with a howl, and set the " wild echoes flying" in sober earnest. .Tust then, too, another, a very large one, got hold of Alphonse's leg, and declined to part with it, and, as may be imagined, a considerable scene ensued. Umslopogaas took his ixe and cracked the shell of one with the flat of it, whereupon it-set up a horrid sort of screaming which the echoes multiplied a thousandfold, and began to foam at the mouth, a proceeding that drew hundreds more of its friends out of unsuspected holes and corners. Those on the spot perceiving that the animal was hurt fell upon it like creditors on a bankrupt, and literally rent it from limb to limb with their huge pincers and devoured it, using their claws to convey the fragments to their mouths. Seizing whatever weapons were handy, such as stones, or paddles, we commenced a war upon the monsters -whose numbers were increasing by leaps and bounds, and whose stench wa3 over powering. So fast as we cracked their armor others seized the injured ones and devoured them, foaming at the moubh, and screaming as they did so. Nor did the brutes stop at that. "When they could they nipped hold of as-and awful nips they were-or tried to steal the meat. One enormous fellow got hold of the swan we had skinned and began to drag it off, In stantly a score of others flung them39lve3 upon the prey, and then began a gliastly and disgusting scene. How the monsters foamed and screamed, and rent the flesh, and each other! It wa3 a sickening and unnatural Bight, and one that will haunt all who saw it till their dying day -enacted as it was in the deep, oppressive gloom, and set to the unceasing music of the many-toned nerve-shaking echoes. Strange aa it may seem to say BO, there was something BO shockingly human about these fiendish creatures-it was as though all the most evil passions and desireB of man had gut into the shell of a magnified crab and gone mad. They were BO dreadfully courageous and intelli gent, and they looked as if they under stood. The whole scene might havo fur nished material for another canto of Dante's "Inferno," as Curtis said. "I say, you fellows, let's get out of this or we shall all go off our heads," sung out Good ; and we were not aloiv to take the hint. Pushing the catioe, around which the animals were now crawling by hundreds and making vain attempts to climb, off the rocks we bundled into it and got out into mid- stream, leaving behind us the fragments of our meal and the scream ing, foaming, stinking ma83 of monstersin full possession of the grounds, "Those are the devils of the place," said Umslopogaas, with the air of one who has solved a*problem, and upon my word I felt almost inclined to agree with him. Uraslopogaas's remarks were like his axe-very much to the point. " What's to be done next ?" said Sir Henry blankly. "Drift, I suppose," I answered, and we drifted accordingly. All the afternoon and well into the evening we floated on in the gloom beneath the far-off line of blue eky, scarcely knowing when day ended and night began, for down in that vast gulf the difference was not marked, till at length Good pointed out a star hanging right above us, which, having nothing better to do, we observed with great in terest. Suddenly it vanished, the dark ness became intense, and a familiar murmuring sound filled the air. " Under ground again," I said, with a groan, hold ing up the lamp. Ye3, there was no doubt about it. I could just make out the roof. The chasm had come to an end and the tunnel had recommenced. And then began another long, long night of danger and horror. To describe all its incidents would be too wearisome, so I will simply say that about midnight we struck on a flat projecting rock in mid-stream and were as nearly as possible overturned and drowned. However, at last we got off, and proceeded upon the uneven tenor of our way. And so the hours passed till it was nearly 3 o'clock. Sir Henry, Good, and Alphonse were asleep, utterly worn out; Umslopogaas was at the bow with the pole, and I was steering, when I perceived that the rate at which we were travelling had per ceptibly increased. Then suddenly I heard Umslopogaas make an exclamation, and next second came a sound a3 of part ing branches, and I became aware that the canoe was being forced through hang ing bushes or creepers. Another minute and a breath of sweet open air fanned my face and I felt that we had emerged from the tunnel and were floating upon clear water. I say felt, for I could see nothing, the daikness being absolutely pitchy, as it often is just before the dawn But even this could scarcely damp my joy. ^ We were out of that dreadful river, and wherever we might have got to this at least was something to be thankful for. And so I sat down and inhaled the sweet night air and waited for the dawn with such patience as I could command. CHAPTER XL-THE FIIO\VJNTIMG CITY. For an hour or more I sat waiting (Um slopogaas having meanwhile gone to sleep also) till at length the east turned grey, and huge misty shapes moved over the surface of the water like ghosts of long forgotten ^dawns. They were the vapors rising from their watery bed to greet the sun. Then the grey turned to primrose, and the primrose grew to red. Next, glorious bars of light sprang up across the eastern eky, and through them the radiant messengers of the dawn came speeding upon their arrowy way, scattering the ghcstly vapors and awaking the mountains with a kiss, as they flew from range to range and loisgtitude to longfcituds. Another moment, and the golden gates were open and the sun himself came forth as a bridegroom from his chamber, with pomp and glory and a flashing as of ten million spears, and embraced the night and covered her with brightness, and it was day. But as yet I could 3ee nothing save the beautiful blue sky above, for over the water was a thick layer of mist exactly as though the whole surface had been covered with billows of cotton wool. By degrees, however, the sun sucked up the mists, and then I saw that we were afloat upon a glorious sheet of blue water of which I could not make out the shore. Some eight or ten miles behind us, how ever, there stretched as far as the eye could reach a range of precipitous hills that formed a retaining wall of the lake, and I have no doubt but that it was through some entrance in these hills that the subterranean river found its way into the open water. Indeed I afterwards ascertained this to be the fact, and it will be some indication of the extraordinary strength and directness ot the current of the mysterious river that the canoe, even at this distance, was still answering to it. Presently, too, I, or rather Umslopogaas, who woke up just then, discovered another indication, and a very unpleasant one it was. Perceiving some whitish object upon the water Umslopogaas called my attention to it, and with a few strokes of the paddle brought the canoe to the spot, whereupon we discovered that the object was the body of a man floating face downwards. This was bad enough, but imagine my horror when Umslopogaas having turned him on to his back with the paddle we recognised in the sunken fea tures the lineaments of-whom do you suppose ? None other than our poor ser vant who had been sucked down two days before in the waters of the subterranean river. It gave me quite a turn. I thought that we had left him behind for ever, and behold ! borne by the current, he had made the awful journey with us, and with us had reached the end. Hi3 appearance also was very dreadful. He had been a black man, now he was a livid white, for the boiling water had scalded off nearly all his outer skin. Also he bore traces of having touched the pillar of fire -one arm being completely shrivelled up and all his hair being burnt off. The features were, as I have said, sunken, and yet they preserved upon them that awful look of despair that I had seen upon his living face as the poor fellow was sucked down. Really the sight quite unnerved me, weary and shaken as 1 felt with all that we had gone through, and I was heartily glad when suddenly and without any warning the body began to sink just as though it had had a mission, which having been accomplished it retired ; the real reason no doubt being that turning it on its back allowed a free passage to the gas. Down it went into the transparent depths-fathom alter fathom we could trace its course till at last a long line of bright air bubbles, swiftly chasing each other to the surface, alone remained where it had passed. At length these, too, were gone, and that was an end of our poor servant. Umslopogaas thoughtfully watched the body vanish. a >" ^ ^ ^ he folbw us for ?" he asked. Tis an ill omen for thee and nte, i Macumazahn." And he laughed. ! I turned on him angrily, for I dislike these unpleasant suggestions. If people have such ideas they ought in common decency to keep them to themselves. I detest individuals who make one the sub ject of their disagreeable presentiments, or who when they dream that they saw one hanged as a common felon, or some such horror, will insist upon telling one all about it at breakfast, even if they have to get up early to do it. Just then, however, the others woke up and began to rejoice exceedingly at finding that we were out of that dreadful river and once more beneath the blue sky. Then followed a babel of talk and suggestions a3 to what we were to do next, the upshot of all of which was that aa we were excessively hungry, and had nothing whatsoever left; to eat except a few scraps of biltong (dried game-flesh), having aban doned all that remained of our provisions te those horrible freshwater crab3, we de termined to make for the shore. But now a new difficulty arose. We did not know where the shore was, and, with the ex ception of the cliffs through which the sub terranean river made its entry, could see nothing but a wide expanse of sparkling blue water. Observing, however, that the long flights of aquatic birds kept flying from our left we concluded that they were advancing from their feeding-grounds on shore to pass the day in the lake, and ac cordingly headed the boat towards the quarter whence they came and began to paddle. Before long, however, a stiflish breeze sprang up, blowing directly in the direction we wanted, ao we improvised a sail with a blanket and the pole, which tock us along merrily. This done, we proceeded to devour the remnants of our biltong, washed down with the sweet lake water, and then lit our pipes and awaited whatever might turn up. When we had been sailing for an hour, Good, who was searching the horizon with the spy-glass, suddenly announced joyfully that he saw land, and pointed out that from the change in the color of the water he thought we must be approaching the mouth of a river. In another minute iva perceived a great golden dome, not unlike that of St. Paul's, piercing the morning mists, and while we were wondering what in the world it could be Good reported another and still more important discovery, namely, that a small sailing boat wa3 ad vancing towards us. This bit of news, which we were very shortly able to verify with our own eyes, threw us into a con siderable flatter. That the natives of this unknown lake should understand the art . of sailing seem to suggest that they pos sessed some degree of civilisation, In a few more minutes it became evident that the occupant or occupants of the advancing boat had made us out. For a moment or two she hung in the wind as though in doubt, and then came tacking towards us with great swiftness. In 10 more minutes she -was within 100 yards, and we saw that she was a neat little boat-not a canoe "dugout," but built more or less in the European fashion with planks, and carrying a singularly large sail for her size. But our attention was soon diverted from the boat to her crew, which consisted of a man and woman .neurhj as while as ourselves. We stared at each other in amazement, thinking that we must be mistaken ; but no, there was no doubt about it. They were not fair, but the two people in the boat -were decidedly of a "white as distin guished from a black race, as white, for instance, as Spaniards or Italians. It was a patent fact. So it was true after all, and mysteriously led by a Power beyond our own we had discovered this wonderful people. I could have shouted for joy when 1 thought of the glory and the wonder of the thing, and as it was we all shook hands and congratulated each other on the unexpected success of our wild search. All my life had I heard rumors of a white race that existed in the highlands of the interior of this vast con tinent, and longed to put them to the proof, and now here I saw it with my own eyes, andwasdumbfoundered. Truly, as Sir JBenry said, the old Roman was right;when he wrote-"Ex Africa semper aliquid novi," which he tells me means that out of Africa there always comes some new thing. The man in the boat was of a good but not particularly line physique, and pos sessed straight black hair, regular aquiline features, and an intelligent face. He waa dressed in a sort of brown cloth garment, something like a flannel shirt without the slee\ts, and in an unmistakable kilt of the same material. The legs and feet were bare. Bound the right arm and left leg he wore thick rings of yellow meU>l that I judged to be gold. The woman had a swtet i'ace, wild ai;d shy, with large eyes and curling brown hair. Her dress was made of tlie same material as the man's, and consisted, as we afterwards discovered, first of a linen under-garment that, hung down to her knee, and then cf a single long strip of cloth, about four feet wide by fifteen long, which was wound round the budy in graceful folds, and finally flung over the left shoulder so that the end, which was dyed blue or purple or some other color, according to the social standing of the wearer, hung down in front, the right arm and breast being, however, left quite bare. A more becoming dress, especially when, as in the present case, the wearer is young and pretty, it is quite impossible to conceive. Good (who has an eye for such things) was greatly struck with it, and so indeed was I. It was so simple and yet so effective. Meanwhile, if we had been astonished at the appearance of the man and woman, it was clear that they were far more astonished at ns. As for the man, he appeared to be overcome with fear and wonder, and for a while hovered round our canoe, but would not approach. At last, however, he came within hailing distance, and called to us in a language that sounded soft and pleasing enough, but of which we could not understand one word. So we hailed back in English, French, Latin, Greek, German, Zulu, Dutch, Sisntu, Knkuana, and a few other native dialects that I am acquainted with, but our visitor did not understand any of these tongues ; indeed, they appeared to bewilder him. As for the lady, she wa3 busily employed in taking stock of ns, and Good was returning the compliment by staring at her hard through his^eye glass, a proceeding that she seemed rather to enjoy than otherwise. At length the man, being unable to make anything out of us, suddenly headed his boat round and began to head oft* for the shore, his little boat skimming away before the wind like a swallow, As she passed acro33 our bows the man turned to attend to the large sail, and Good promptly took the opportunity to kiss his hand to the young lady. I was horrified at this proceeding^ both on general grounds and because °I feared she might take offence, bat to my delight she did not, for, first glancing round and seeing that her husband, or brother, or whoever it was, was engaged, she promptly kissed hers back. "Ah!" said I. "It seems that we have at last found a language that the people of this country understand." " In which case," said Sir Henry, " Good will prove an invaluable inter preter." 1 frowned, for I do not approve of Good's frivolities, and he knows it, and turned the conversation to more serious subjects. "It is very clear to me," I said, that that man will be back before long with a host of his fellows, so we had best make up our minds a3 to how we are going to receive them." " Ihe question4a how will they receive us ?"' said Sir JBenry. As for Good he made no remark, but began to extract a small square tin case that'had accompanied ua in all our wan derings from under a pile of things. Now we had often remonstrated with Good about this tin case, inasmuch as it had been an awkward thing to carry, and he had never given any very explicit account as to its contents ; but he had insisted on sticking to it, saying mysteriously that it might come in very useiul one day. ""What on earth are ycu going to do. Good ?" asked Sir Henry. " Dc-why dress, of course ! You don't expect me to appear in a new country in these things, do you ?" and he pointed to his soiled and worn garments, which were, however, like all Good's things, very tidy, and with every tear neatly mended. ' We said no more, but watched his proceedings with breathless interest. His first step was to get Alphonse, who was thoroughly competent ia such matters, to trim his hair and beard in the most approved fashion. I think that if lie had had soma hot water and a cake of soap handy lie would have shaved off the latter ; but he had not. This done, he suggested that we should lower the sail of the canoe and all take a bath, which we did, greatly to the horror and astonish ment of Alphonse, who lifted his hands and ejaculated that these English were in. deed a wonderful people. Uinslopogaas, who though he was, like most high-bred Zulus, scrupulously cleanly in his person, did not see the fun of swimming about in a lake, also regarded the proceeding with mild amusement. We got back into the canoe much refreshed by the cold water, and sat to dry in the sun, whilst Good undid his tin box, and pro duced first a beautiful clean white shirt, just as it had left a Lon don steam laundry, and then some garments wrapped first in brown, then in white, and finally in silver paper. We watched this undoing with the tenderesfc interest and much speculation. One by one Good removed the dull husks that hid their splendors, carefully folding and re placing each piece of paper as he did so ; and there at last lay, in all the majesty of its gold epaulettes, lace, and buttons, a commander of the Royal .Navy's full-dress uniform-dress sword, cocked hat, shiny patent leather boots and all. We literally gasped. "V,'hat."' we said, "what! Are you going to put those things on ?" " Certainly," he answered composedly ; "you see so much depends upon a first impression, especially," he added, "a3l observe that there are ladies about. One at least of U3 ought to be decently dressed." We said no more; we were simply dumbfoundered, especially when wa con sidered the artful way in which Good had concealed the contents of that box for all these months. Only one suggestion did we make, namely, that he should wear his .mail shirt next his skin. He replied that he feared it would spoil the set of hi3 coat, now carefully spread in the sun to take the creases out, but finally consented to this precautionary measure. The most amusing part of the affair, however, wa3 to see old Umslopogaas'a astonishment and Alphonse's delight at Good's transforma tion. When at last he stood up in all his glory, even down to the medals on Ms breast, and contemplated himself in the still waters of the lake, after the fashion of the young gentleman in ancient history, whose name 1 can't remember, but who fell in love with his own shadow, the old Zulu could no longer restrain his feeliDgs. "Oh, Bougwan!" he said; "Oh, Bougwan! I always thought thee an ugly little man, and fat-fat as the cows at calving time ; and now thou art like a blue jay when he spreads his tail out. Surely, Bougwan, it hurts my eyes to look at thee.'' Gooddid not muchlikethisallusiontohi3 fat, which, to tell the truth, was not very well deserved, for hard exercise had brought liim down four inches ; but on the whole he was pleased at Umslopogaas's admiration. As for Alphonse, he was quite? delighted. "Ah! but monsieur lia3 the beautiful air-the air of the warrior. It is the ladies who will say so when we come to get ashore. Monsieur is complete; he puts me in mind of my heroic grand " Here we stopped Alphonse. A3 we gazed upon these beauties thus revealed by Good a spirit of emulation filled our breasts, and we set to work to get ourselves up as well as we could. The most, however, that we were able to do was to array ourselves in our spare suits of shooting clothes, of which we each had one, keeping on our mail shirts under neath. As for my appearance, all the fine clothes in the world could never make it otherwise than scrubby and insignificant; but Sir Henry looked what he is, a magni ficent man in his nearly new tweed suit, gaiters, and boots, Alphonse also got himself up to kill, giving an extra turn to his enormous moustachios. Even old Umslopogaas, who was not in a general way given to the vain adorning of his body, got hold of some oil out of the liintera and a bit of tow, and polished up his head ring witjj it till it shone like Good's patent leather boots. Then he put on the mail shirt Sir Henry had given him and his "moocha," and, having cleaned up Inkosi-kaas a little, stood forth com plete. All this while we had, having hoisted the sail again as soon a3 we had bathed, been progressing steadily for the land, or rather for the mouth of a great river. Pre sently-in all about an hour and a half after the little boat had left us-we saw emerging from the river or harbor a large number of boats, ranging up to ten or twelve tons burden. One of these wa3 propelled by twenty- four oars, and moat of the rest sailed. Looking through the glass we soon made out that the row-boat wa8 an official vessel, her crew being all dressed in a sort of uniform, whilst on the half-deck forward stood an old man of venerable appearance, and with a flowing white beard, and a sword strapped to his side, who wa3 evidently the commander of the craft. The other boats were ap parently occupied by people drawn out of curiosity, and were rowing or sailing to wards us as quickly as they could. "Now for it,"said I, *' What is the betting ? Are they going to be friendly or to put an end to us ?" Nobody could answer this question, and not liking the warlike appearance of the old gentleman and his sword, we felt a little anxious. JuBt then Good spied a school of hippo potami on the water about 200 yards off us, and suggested that it would not be a bad plan to impress the natives with a sense of our power by shooting some of them if possible. This, unluckily enough, struck us as a good idea, and accordingly we at once got out our eight-bore rifles, for which we still had a few cartridges left, and pre pared for action. There were four of the animals, a big bull, a cow, and two young ones, one three-parts grown. We got up to them without difficulty, the great animals contenting themselves with sinking down into the water and rising again a few yards farther on; indeed, their excessive tameness struck me as being peculiar. When the ad vancing boats were about five hundred yards away Sir Henry opened the ball by firing at the three-parts grown young one. The heavy bullet struck it fair between the eyes, and crashing through the skull, killed it, and it sank, leaving a long train of blood behind it. At the same moment I fired at the cow and Good at the old bull. My Bhofc took effect, but not fatally, and down went the hippopotamus with a prodigious splashing, only to rise again presently blowing and grunting furiously, dyeing all the water round her crimson, when 1 killed her with the left barrel. Gocd, who is an execrable shot, missed the head of the bull altogether, the bullet merely cutting the side of his face as it passed. On glancing up after I had fired my second shot I perceived that the people we had fallen among were evidently ignorant of the nature of firearms, for the consternation caused by our shots, and their effect upon the animals, was prodigious. Some of the parties in the boats began to cry out with i fear ; others turned and made off as hard j as they could ; and even the old gentle man with the 8wold looked greatly puzzled and alarmed, and halted hi3 big j row-boat. We had, however, but littl time for observation, for just then the old j bull, rendered furious by the wound he j had received, rose fair within 40 yards of us, glaring savagely. We all fired, and hit him in various places, and down he went, badly wounded. Curiosity now begc'in to overcome the fear of the on lookers, and some of them sailed on up close to us, amongst these being the man ar>d woman whom we had first seen a couple of hours or so before, who draw up almost alongside. Just then the great brute rose again within 10 yards of their boat, and in stantly with a roar of fu;y made at it open mouthed. The woman shrieked, and the man tried to give boat way, but without success. In another second 1 saw the huge red jaws and gleaming ivories close with a crunch on the frail cra£t, taking an enor mous mouthful out of its sida and cap sizing it. Down went the boat, leaving its occupants struggling in the water. Next moment, before we could do anything to wards saving them, the huge and furiou3 creature was up again and making open mouthed at the poor girl, who was sfcrug glicg in the water. Lifting my rifle ju3t as the grinding jaws were about to close on her 1 fired over her head right down the hippopotamus's throat. Orer ho went, and commenced turning round aud round, snorting, and blowing red streams of blood through his nostrils. Before he could recover himself, however, I let him have tli8 other barrel in the side of the throat, and that finished him. He never moved or struggled again, but instantly sank. Our next effort was directed towards saving the girl, the man having Bwam off towards another boat; and in this we were fortu nately successful, pulling her into tha canoe (amidst the shouts of the spectators) considerably exhausted aud frightened, but otherwise unhurt. (To be continued.) 