CAPTAIN FOSTER, R.E., has contri buted to the National Review an inte resting paper on the strength and weakness of Russia, more particularly with regard to the foreign policy of that nation. The matter is at present one of special interest, as the peace of Europe depends mainly upon this foreign policy, and a knowledge of the moving forces which govern it will be an invaluable help in interpreting the action of Russia in Eastern Asia, and more particularly with reference to the Indian frontier. In these' mat ters Captain Foster is an expert doubly qualified to offer an autho ritative opinion. He has made international military policy a spe cial personal study, and he is, more over, internally acquainted with what we may call the inner life of the Rus sian nation. And upon this knowledge of the facts Captain Foster arrives at the highly important conclusion that the course of Russian action abroad is not determined by the personal will of the Czar, still less by the advice of his ministers, and yet less by the Russian Press. He says—“ Though details of administration may be regulated by the caprices of the Sovereign, or the interests of officials, .yet, in the long run, the action of Russia will be that which the people wish. To determine Russia’s foreign policy the heart of the peasant frnust be examined, for the peasant is the nation.” We have been so long accustomed to regard Russia as a vast military machine, which is set in motion or stayed at the will and pleasure of a single autocrat, that this statement takes the form of anew revelation. Doubtless .the will of the Czar counts for something, and something must be allowed for.the action of the officials who superintend the military adminis tration, but Captain Foster’s conten tion is, that there is a power which is really above that of the Czar and his Ministers, a power which derives its. inspiration from sources independent of the monarch or the machinery of State, and that Russia can never enter uponan aggressive war unless this power can be set in motion. “In his heart,” says Captain Foster, “amid all the unintelligent monotony of his daily life and surroundings, the peasant cherishes two ideas—Holy Russia:! and ;the Or thodox Church ; and the depth of feel-: ing he is capable of displaying on these two subjects, and its power to arouse him to action and sacrifice, can hardly, be realized in England.” Captain. Foster declares that Russia is incapa ble of carrying on a great war unless it is not only supported by popular opinion, but demanded by national enthusiasm, and he adds that this enthusiasm can be kindled by only two things, one, an invasion of Russian soil, and the other an attack upon the Russian religious faith. Our interest, as British subjects, lies chiefly in the question of how far either or both of these considerations are involved in the political differences between Britain and Russia, and Captain Foster is of opinion that so far as Eastern dr Southern Asia is concerned, there are no present, and no probable circumstances as between the two powers, in which either Russian patriotism or Russian religious faith can be introduced as a motive power. And, this being so, the Russiau nation would look with the strongest disfavor upon a war which would, to the people, mean privation and sacri fice, without any sufficient motive. “The immense size of Russia,” says Captain Foster, “ makes the hearty co-operation of the people essential for vigorous war. Movements of concen tration depend on the troops being provided locally with supplies, quar ters, • and conveyance, and, though actual resistance to police orders is not to be expected, a merely sullen or listless compliance will paralyse the action of the clumsy administration, and cause indecision, waste, and un certainty in prosecuting the campaign.” It is undoubtedly true that Russian national feeling could be fiercely roused over the Bulgarian or Turkish ques tion, and the knowledge that this is so may account for much of the hesitancy in the policy of the other powers with regard to these two people. In 1877 tales of Mussulman barbarity to believers in the Russian faith roused the Russian populance to a high degree of excitement, and, says Captain Foster, compelled the Czar, in spite of his _ own wishes, to lead his armies against the Turks. The same means might rekindle a similar excitement at any tiiiie. but it is not likely that Britain will feel called upon to take the field in defence of either Turkish or Bulgarian territory. \- “ Russia,” says Captain Foster, “ has always based her policy less on her real strength, than on the estimate in which other nations hold that strength;”' This is, perhaps, pro foundly true of other Powers beside Russia, hut it may he the true key to Russian diplomacy on the Afghan frontier; and in view of late news from the land of the Ameer, and the probability that Afghanistan may soon be distracted by rival factions and per haps plunged into civil war, it is im portant to remember that a serious quarrel with Britain in the far East is not likely to be provoked by the Czar or his Ministers, as the natural conse quence would he atremendous conflictin which the sympathy of Russian soldiers would be wholly wanting. Neither Russian territory nor Russian faith would he threatened by any revolution in Afghanistan, and the average Rus sian knows little and cares less about the foreign policy of Great Britain so long as the ground he holds sacred re mains uninvaded. A war with Britain would to him be a terrible calamity, as, whatever else came of it, Russian com merce and trade would surely suffer, and the peasantry, which forms the hulk of the nation, be sadly im poverished. Captain Foster cites authoritative statistics, showing that 7.0 per cent of the total exports of Rus sia are carried by sea; almost entirely bulky articles—grain, flax, wood, hemp, wool, tallow. According to the last statistical return (ISS6) 73 per cent, of the total Russian revenue was raised by taxation, of which nearly one-third was levied directly, and the remainder indirectly, chiefly by means of cus toms, stamps, aud excise. The de pression of trade, caused by diminished receipts from this two-thirds source of revenue, must he met by increased direct taxation. Nine-tenths of this direct taxation is levied on the peasants, who must therefore be subject to in creased taxation at the very time their diminished prosperity, consequent on war, renders even existing burdens hard to bear. Uncompensated by enthusiasm for a war, which touches neither of their ideals of patriotism—Russian soil and the Russian Church—the pressure can only have one effect—which it has had before. Murmurings against the war, questionings as to its necessity, long ings for peace. Pressure so brought to bear must reach the Government by a thousand channels, and the Russian Executive cannot long resist it. “It is,” says Captain Foster, “ for states men to apply this conclusion to the foreign policy of England; for English men it is a more hopeful one than that generally arrived at as to the influence of England in the Eastern question, and therefore in Europe. It would seem that we may watch the course of events with a composure that the Emperor Franz-Josepii, and even the great Chancellor himself, may well he supposed to envy.” It is to he regretted that the Age per sists in attacking the Minister and Department of Mines with reference to the distribution of the prospecting vote, while it is apparently unable to suggest any better way in which a moderate measure of State aid can he applied to mining. The writer is com pelled to admit that some sort of help ought to be given, not, as he most un fairly puts it, as a charitable dole, but as a reasonable encouragement to the prosecution of a valuable national in dustry. State aid to mining is not in any sense a gift; it is not even protection, which nearly every otherindustry in the colony has enjoyed. It is merely a national investment on perfectly fair terms, and with fair security for an excellent return. The Aye ought to be superior to the trick of quoting Mr Gillies’ rather unfor tunate saying that a certain amount woujdbe reservedfor“ real prospecting,” as if'it meant that the rest of the .money >s being thrown away. It is quite clear that Mr Gillies meant no such thing, and it is also clear, as the Aye knows, or might know very well, ! that had Mr Gillies intended to mean all that is grafted on to his sentence, it would discredit that gentleman’s sagacity far more than it would the work of the prospecting boards. It is very strange that the writer should miss the intent of the whole process of State aid, and the strongest justification of its adoption, viz., the opening up of new and profitable fields of labor. In cases where a reef or a lead has previously given proof of ex ceptional richness or permanent value, the grants are made with a view to its re-diseovery if it has been lost, or can not be worked from other circum stances, such as a great inflow of water. It is clearly best and cheapest to begin this work of re-exploration where others have left off. State aided prospecting, happily, some times benefits the companies which receive the grants, and this is only fair. The work done with the assistance of the grants is prospecting, pure and simple, and every foot pre viously sunk or driven represents a direct saving to the State. We need not grudge the State-aided prospectors that, in establishing the position and value of a lode or a lead, they occasion ally, while benefiting the colony at large, also enrich themselves. It is as much prospecting to search for a lost reef in a known belt of gold-carrying country as to start men sinking in -the Otway Ranges or Croajingolong, and the advantages to be gained from a discovery are much greater in localities which are easily accessible. The object of gold prospecting should be the dis covery of new auriferous leads or the re-diseovery of old ones, with a view of absorbing the labor of some thou sands of our population. It is absurd to pretend that this object is not as likely to he accomplished on great auriferous belts like those of Ballarat or Sandhurst as in some out-of-the-way corner in the Gippsland Alps. The Age appeals to class interests in its eagerness to discredit the prospecting vote. “ All classes of the community,” it says, “recognise the importance of the gold mining industry, and are willing to make a sacrifice to promote its prosperity. But the practice of pro viding capital out of the national ex chequer for mining companies working for the private advantage of their shareholders is naturally exciting dis content in the agricultural districts, in some of which it is proposed to make the question a leading one at the .next election. We maybe sure the dissatis faction will extend to the manufac turers and artisans of the towns as the question becomes better understood.” AH classes of the community may be ■willing to make a sacrifice,-but they are not asked‘ or expected to do so, and the, assumption is a, mischievous per version of the truth. For very many years past the case has been the other way. The miner for the past 20 years has been making sacrifices in the shape of enhanced cost of every article of use whether of food, or wear, or machinery, brought about by the ' protection granted to other - industries, and it would take many times the amount of the prospecting vote to" approach in amount the “sacrifices” which the mining interest has made in this way. . The revival in mining iu Ballarat, conse quent on the discoveries of the Star of the East and Sulieman Pasha companies, is now having good effect in the extra circnla tiou of money iu the district, and should the prosperity be of long continuauce encourage ment will be given for ths opening, up aud prospecting of new country which old miners believe is traversed by gold-bearing quartz lodes. New companies are being formed in various quarters. During the -quarter ending last month 44 new leases were issued for tho Ballarat and Buninyong divisions, including those for mining on private pro perty. Of this number 31 leases were taken out during last month, which fact shows that within a recent period the revival was at its strongest. During five days of the present month seven mining leases have been applied for and issued, and Mr Creswell, assistant clerk of courts, expects that the applications to be made for the remainder of this month will be numerous. The total applications for the Ballarat aud Buninyong divisions for the quarter ending August exceeds those of all previous quarters back to 1562. Up to the present the warden’s clerk has received as fees on mining leases recently issued the large sum of £l7OO for payment into the public lease account. In the Balla rat aud Buninyong divisions for the quarter commencing on the Ist March, aud ending 31st May, of the present year, the total number of leases issued was 26, thus giving the last quarter, ending August, a large in crease. In the Creswick and other districts mining has also been extra vigorous during the past three months, as the number of leases issued within the period has been 25, divided as follow: —Creswick, 17; Climes, 4; Smythesdale, 1; Beaufort, 3. During the previous quarter ending May, only six were issued in the same districts, viz.—Creswick, 1; Clones, 2; Smythesdale, 2; and Gordon, 1\. Taken all round, the mining industry in Ballarat and district has, during the past three mouths, taken a decided turn for the better. At the meeting of the City Council yester day Cr Little drew attention to the fact that the City Council had, in a long poem which appeared in Melbourne Punch, been credited with an unfortunate occurrence in another part of Ballarat. He did not speak in any feeling of disrespect, but they were not ac customed to that sort of thing. It was a pity also that the City Council should have been bracketed in a letter which had ap peared in the press in conuectiou with an other corporation. Cr Little thought when reference was made to the occurrence, which they were in no way associated with, and when people were told that the corporate body of Ballarat should have been raised to a higher platform, that the writer should have referred more particularly to the matter, and that the City Couucil should not have been coupled with it. The way in which the business of the City Council was done was a subject of imitation by other bodies in the colony and out of it. (Cr Salter—“ Aud ought to be iu the Church of England Assembly.”) The discussions had been always conducted in an orderly’ and gentlemanly fashion. It was altogether impossible to have any broken chairs. (Cr Claxton—“lt is not in the regulations.”) He (Cr Little) thought that when it was said that this would not occur in Birmingham, it should have been said that it would not occur in the city. He was quite sure that the writer had written in advertently, but the letter having been written, he thought it was right that he should refer to it. The mayor (Lieut. - Colonel Smith) jocularly 7 remarked that he had been much condoled with last week over the occurrence, but had explained that there was a small division known as the Yarrowee between" them. “ They’ll be all right down there now,” put in Cr Claxton, “ they’ve been chasing the devil out of it.” A deputation of 23 ladies, accompanied by the Revs. Willoughby’ Flowers and T. R. Cairns, waited upon the committee of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum last night, with reference to the restrictions that have lately been placed upon ladies conducting religious services in the hospital warxl. The deputa tion asked that matters might be placed upon the old footing. After the deputation had retired, the committee entered upon what threatened at one time to be a very acrimo nious discussion. The deputation presented themselves without having previously for warded a letter requesting to be heard, or stating.their object. It was urged, therefore, that theproceedings were reallyout of order in receiving them. Innumerable points of order were raised, aud the President, when feel ings were somewhat high, stopped the dis cussion for a time by ruling all the speakers out of order. Ultimately a compromise was arrived at by a decision that the representa tives of the deputation be written to, asking them to forward their requests in writing, to the committee. A report of the proceed ing appears in The Star clswhere. The executors of the late Mr Russell Thomson, Messrs J. Noble Wilson and H. A. Nevett, have received advice that the group of statuary, “ Fleeing from Pompeii,” and the statue of Wallace have been shipped on a German Lloyd’s steamer, which is expected to arrive iu Hobson’s Bay about the end of this month. Steps will then be taken for their erection at the gardens as soon as the house that it is intended to erect as a cover ing is ready 7 to receive them. Mr Charles Summers, the sculptor, through whose agency 7 the statuary 7 was purchased, arrived iu Melbourne by the last mail steamer, and will probably visit Ballarat during his stay 7 iu the colony. It is his intention to remain aud superintend the erection of the purchases that have already been made out of the Bus sell Thomson bequest. It is not likely that any more statuary will be purchased by 7 the executors at present, as ft is their intention to wait and see if there is anything worth scouring at the Melbourne International Exhibition. In consequence of the two May’ors being engaged ou Friday eveuing next, the public meeting of the Anti- Manufacturing League is postponed until Friday, theJGth iust. We are informed that Mr B. Hepburn in tends to sever his connection with the Miners’ Turf Club, as he considers that his services have practically been ignored by the majority of the members. It is, we are further informed, Mr Hepburn’s intention to make a racecourse at the Turf paddock near the Creswick road, aud erect a grand stand aud'other improvements for the accommoda tion of ladies and gentlemen, for owners of horses, and for trainers. As tho railway passes close to the proposed course, Mr Hep burn purposes applying to the Railway De partment for a platform to be made there, so that visitors cau Jiave easy access to the course. The fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Benevoleut Asylum was held last night, at the boardroom. Preseut—The President (Mr J. Hickman), Father Doyle, and Messrs O. E. Edwards, M’Cafferty, Lessells, J. T. Phillips, J. Murray, C. C. Shoppee, Boxhorn, Carey 7, J. Phillips, Josephs, G. K. Coutts, W. Scott, Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., aud Showman. Applications for admission were dealt with in the usual manner. A letter was read from Constable Stubbs, askiug the committee to withdraw their report concerning him to the Chief Commissioner of Police, as if it were pressed it would mean his dismissal. With reference to his alleged impertinence to two commit teemen] the writer stated that he did not in tend any disrespect, and apologised for any seeming insult. He had, when in Ballarat, offered to the secretary to give a donation to the asylum, and was williug to give one, but if he were dismissed from the force he would not be able to give anything. The letter was left in the hands of the pre sident, ! treasurer, and Mr W. Scott. The executive committee recommended the calling of tenders for the supply of 120 pairs of blankets, aud for the formal opening of the ward take place by an entertainment on the 9th November. The report was referred back to the committee, owing to waqt of funds. Accouuts amounting to £751 lSs 7d were passed for payment. It was decided, on the report of the secretary, to take over two properties at Buninyong, in return for . .relief afforded to the owners. Mr Shoppee referred to thenecessity of draining the the women’s ward, under which there was '! mow water lying,-which caused the : walls to become damp. The cost of the work, it ap peared, would only be. small. It was re solved, on the motion of Mr Shoppee, to in struct Mr M‘Dougall to supervise the work, for which the master said labor could be found in the Asylum. The consideration of Mrßoxhorh’s notice of motion'was further postponed for a fortnight, and after transact ing a little private business in camera, the committee adjourned. Mr J. M'Phail, with his wife and two children, had an almost miraculous escape from serious, if not fatal, injury on Satur day. The party were in a buggy witnessing the hunt, and while proceeding in a lane between the Haddon and Smythesdalc roads the horse Mr M‘Phail was driving (Brown Hawk) took fright at two horsemen gallop ping past. The alarmed animal with a kick smashed a shaft and the swingle-bar, aud the dangling wood and leather frightened him still further. Brown Hawk then dashed along at a furious pace. Mr M’Phail pluckily stuck to the reins, and Mrs M'Phail as bravely held on to her seat and guarded her children without giving any voeal proof of terror. Finding the strain on his arms be ginning to tell, Mr M‘Phail pulled one rein smartly so as to bring the runaway face to face with a three-rail fence, thinking that this would stop his career. The horse, how ever rose to the obstruction, which it cleared, ' dragging the driver after him, and leaving the buggy and its other occupants the other side of the feuce. The buggy was, of course, greatly damaged, but fortunately neither Mr nor Mrs M’Phail nor the children sus tained more than a few bruises and a severe shaking. The horse was somewhat severely cut about the legs. The officers engaged in the Ballarat Tele phone Exchange are awaiting instructions from the Post aud Telegraph Department as to their future status. For some time past they have been daily expecting a visit from, a responsible officer in the department, but this has not been paid. They therefore do not know whether they are to be retained in their present positions, or are to receive their conge. The business of the Telephone Exchange was nominally taken over on the Ist September, so that the delay is some what strange—we would have said surpris ing, but for the fact that it takes so long a time for a Government Department to be moved to action in the simplest matter. However, present and intending subscribers to the Exchange will not have much longer to wait before knowing the position in which they are likely to stand, as the Postmaster- General has promised to make an official statement in the Assembly to-day. The City Council were yesterday waited upon by a deputation, consisting of Crs Ellsworth and Williams, of Sebastopol, Mr Wall, town clerk, aud Messrs E. Morey, J. P. Roberts, James Cotter, and W. H. Bar nard, to ask their co-operation to obtain an extension of the Cattle Yards railway to Sebastopol. The deputation urged the benefits to be derived from the extension in the supply of timber and other material to the numerous mines on the plateau. A fly ing survey had been made westward, which would pass through a great deal of private property, and they considered it would be much cheaper to bring the line the way pro posed, besides being of greater benefit to a greater number of persons. The matter was referred to the works and mining committee of the council. Residents in the Wimmera district speak very highly of the present prospects of the season. There has now been an abun dance of steady soaking rain to eusure a heavy yield of wheat should the early part of summer not prove excessively hot. Some of the farmers, in fact, are grumbling about the quantity of rain that has fallen, but the general opinion is that the Wimmera never looked more promising. A few light showers in October, with an absence of hot winds when the crops are commencing to head, and of heavy hailstorms when the grain is ripe, would render certain a phenomenal yield. A handsome oil painting of the city, which was shown at the recent Indian and Colonial. Exhibition in London, now occupies a place on the walls of the City Council chambers. The picture, which is about 6 feet by 6 feet, has been presented to the council by the Victorian Commissioners. Cr Shoppee yesterday presented the City Council with two relics of the early times of Ballarat. These consisted of plans showing the purchasers of certaiu property, and wore, dated 1555. The mayor accepted the gift, and ordered them to be placed among the archives of the council. Among those brought up at the City Police Court yesterday morning on "charges of drunkenness was a well-known medical man, about whose family troubles rumor has been very busy of late. He was arrested at about 4 o’clock in the morning in front of his own residence, and at the court was re manded until this morning. A plate-glass window in front of Mr Collins’ boot warehouse in Bridge street was broken at about 11 o’clock on Saturday night by some person, who threw a large piece of road metal through it. Mr Collins offers a reward of £5 for information that will lead to the conviction of the offender. We are requested to remind our reader 8 that the third concert of the Ballarat Musi" cal Union takes place on Friday evening a*- the Academy of Music. The music will be rendered by an excellent cast of good artists, viz., Madame Simonsen, one.of the best exponents of the music of Maritana the colonies have ever had; Mrs J. J. Bailey, one of our best local contraltos; Mr J. W. Burton, the popular tenor; and Messrs J. M’Leod and A. W. Jack, who have proved their musical abilities long ago. The -pro duction should draw a large attendance. A public meeting will be held in the Town Hall, Buninyong, to-morrow evening, at S o’clock, under the auspices of the Buninyong Minors’ Association, to take into considera tion the action of the Minister of Mines in reference to the prospecting vote. Miucrs aud others interested in mining are requested to attend. Mrs Jane Dunstan, an old resident of Bal larat, died at her residence, Main road, yesterday, -- from chronic bronchitis and dropsy. The deceased, who had been a widow for 16 years, was 5S years of age, and was highly respected. At the monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society, to be held in the assembly-room, Alfred Hall, to-morrow (Wed nesday) evening, at S o’clock, Mr G. Mudd, forester to the Ballarat Water Commission, will deliver an address to the members of the society on “ Trees, aud the Future Timber Production of.Ballarat.” .The subject is im portant, aud all that are interested arc in vited to attend. The high wind that blew yesterday was responsible for a double bolt iu the city. It blew one of the cushions of a buggy that, with horse attached, was standing in Arm strong street, over into the road. The animal was thus frightened, and started off, but was soon captured. This.bolt had the effect of alarming a pair of horses harnessed to a delivery cart at Messrs J. Ker and Co’s, office, aud they immediately bolted at a rapid pace! They tore along Armstrong i street, and some distance along Skipton street, where their career was stopped before any material damage was done. The date for receiving applications for space at the Geelong Jubilee Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition, to be opened iu No vember, has been extended to the 30th inst., and for receiving exhibits to the Ist Novem ber. -Prices, accompanied by desigus, are invited up to the 14th inst. for the right to manufacture and sell an exhibition commem oration medal, the medal to be manufac tured in the exhibition building. Applica tions for space are also invited from persons willing to undertake the manufacture of articles of a novel character within the ex hibition buildings. Prize-lists may he ob tained in Ballarat oil application from Mr F. T. Axford, Lydiard street, or to Mr H. Crisp, Post Office place. Some few weeks ago the Rev. R. A. Whyte invited the members of his congrega tion to a social in the schoolhouse, Clayton street, and last evening the parishioners ten dered the rev. gentleman a return in the same edifice. There was a very good attendance, notwithstanding the boisterous, state of tlie weather. Mr Jas. Russell, M.L.A., occupied the chair, aud Cr Williams (Mayor of the Town) was also present. During the evening Mr Walker, on behalf of the congregation, presented the infant daughter of the vicar with a silver cup, as a slight token of the esteem in which the child was. held by them. The Rev. Mr Whyte returned thanks for the good feeling which had prompted the presentation, and stated that the expression of love towards his child made him feel that his work in connection with the parish was being appreciated.'- Light refreshments were then partaken _ of, 'after which members of the congregation and' others contributed to the enjoyment of those present by rendering songs, recitations, &c.; On the whole a very sociable evening was spent. Apologies were received from the Yen. Archdeacons Julius and Allanby, who were uuable to be pre sent. ; Owing to . the- inclement state of the weather the lecture which was to have been given last night iu St. John’s lecture hall by the Rev. J. W. Inglis, on the subject of “ Robert Nicoll, the Boy Poet of Scotland,” was postponed till next Monday evening, and the members of St. John’s M.1.A., who had assembled to hear the lecture, devoted the eveningto elocution. Friday next has been proclaimed a public and bank half-holiday in the Shire of Bal larat, and a bank holiday in the Borough of Creswick. During the week ended sth inst. the sum of £45,012 10s Id was received from tho Victorian railways, as against;£43,4o3 6s 5d for the corresponding week in last year. We have received the prize list of tho sixth annual competition of the Ballarat and District M.I.A. Union, which takes place in the first or secoud week in November. Handsome prizes are offered in essays, poetry, debates, prepared speeches, elocu tion, reading at sight, reading prepared, aud music, first, second, and third classes. The conditions, &c.;, appear on the pro gramme. It is stated that the “ Soldiers Hill ghost” appeared iu the Eastern Oval about half-past 8 o’clock on Sunday’ night, and that two ladies who observed the figure iu the reserve-, when going homeward from church fainted. The police are out iu search of “ his ghost ship,” and should they succeed in capturing the thoughtless scamp, who is amusing him self by walking abroad in a white wrappec at night and frightening women, the magis trates will doubtless make an example of him. The usual monthly social in connection with the church union of St. Paul’s, Ballarat East, was held last night in the schoolroom, when a good number of the members of the congregation assembled to enjoy the pro gramme provided for their entertainment. Refreshments was catered by the ladies of the parish, and the general arrange ments were left in the hands of Mr John Robson. This gentleman with a few jocose remarks opened the proceedings, and the enjoyment of the eveuing was then en tered into with spirit. Songs were nicely rendered by the Misses English, Stewart, and Hall, aud the duets performed on the piano by the Misses Beatrice and Amelia Robson were really excellent. Recitations were also given by Messrs John Robson, G. Nedwell, D. Turpie, and Dubberlin, and Mr W. Robertson delivered a short address. Votes of thanks closed the proceedings. Ou Friday evening last the Sunday school teachers of Christ Church Pro" Cathedral gave-a social evening to the parents of the children attending, the Sunday schools con nected with the parish. The room was prettily decorated, and various small tables were placed in different parts of the room with microscopes, stereoscopes, aud photo graphic views. At 9 o’clock light refresh ments were handed round, and a short visit paid to the gymnasium, where the young athletes of Christ Church were found hard at work at their exercises under the captaincy of Mr Luther Bright. The archdeacon addressed the parents, tendering them a warm welcome, pointing out what a help they could be to the teachers by seeing that their children attended regularly, and in other ways, aud stating the great blessing and power for good that Sunday schools were iu these colonics where no acknowledged State religious in struction is given. Messrs Henry Brind and E. J. Webb, the superintendants, also spoke a few words of welcome and counsel to the parents. During the evening vocal and instrumental music was given at intervals by Mesdames Ureu and Webb, the Misses Valentine, Clegg (2), Lewis, and Towl, and Messrs E. J. Webb and J. Uren. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the gentlemen who give the ad dresses to the children at the morning ser vices. The thanks of the teachers are due to Mr R. Tunbridge for so kindly lending a number of chairs for the evening. Mr M'lntyre catered iu a most satisfactory mauner. We liavo received from the author, M. Ernest Faveno, a copy of his work entitled “ Western Australia—its past history, pre sent trade and resources, and future position iu the Australiau group.” The book is ele gantly printed, and forms very interesting reading. The author alludes to the practice of calling Western Australia the Cinderella of the Australian sister colonies, and pre dicts that the apotheosis of the fairy story will yet be realised iu the future of the Western colony. M. Faveno claims that the . first permanent mark made by a European on our Continent was found in Western Aus tralia, aud that upon her coast are the graves of the first Europeans who died in it. Beginning with the visit of Captain Dirk Hartog in 1616, in the ship Eudraght, the narrative includes mention of many early navigators, such as Dainpier, Vancouver, De Witt, Pelsert, D’Entrecasteaux, and others whose names are preserved iu Austra lian nomenclature. It is claimed that the paintings in the sandstone caves of the coast range prove tho former existence of a higher type of inhabitants than the present natives. Coming to later times, the work of Eyre, Gregory, Grey, Forest, and other explorers is noticed, and the results iu promoting settlement given. We are reminded that Western Australia became a penal settle ment iu 1850, aud that the transportation of criminals ceased iu IS6S. The first rail wav 7 was opened in 1879. There are now 2405 milesof electric telegiaph wire in operation, including, of course, the line from Albany to Eucla, which transmits much of our mail news. Western Australia is the only colony which h-as adopted the land grant system in railway making, the agreements hitherto made for about 500 miles of line including a grant of 12,000 acres per mile cf railway. The author speaks confidently of the future of the farming, grazing, and mining indus tries, and regards the practical monopoly of Jarrah timber as an almost inexhaustible source of wealth. It is regarded as certain that the colony will very shortly be invested with the dignity of self-government, and great expectations are formed of rapid pro gress thereupon. M. Faveno is to be com plimented on his work, which is further im proved by a clearly drawn map of the colony. It is dedicated to the present Governor, Sir F. N. Broome, K.C.M.G. On Saturday afternoon, at Messrs Jebb and Son’s tailoring establishment," the cutter (Mr J. H. Purser), who is leaving to take a situation at Ballarat, was (says the Creswick Advertiser) made th'e recipient of a neat ink stand and a writing desk. In making the presentation on behalf of the hands in the workroom, Mr F. Bowley expressed regret at Mr Purser’s intended departure, and said that he carried with him the best wishes of the whole of the employees. Mr Purser made a suitable response, thanking the hands for their unexpected kindness. At the Linton Police Court on Thursday 7 last, before Messrs Shepherd and Fraser, J-’s.P., the police proceeded against John Robinson for riding a horse on the footpath; fined Is, costs 2s 6d. On Saturday, before Messrs Lowers and Fraser, J’s.P., S. L. Silcock, draper, proceeded against Joseph Taylor, a station baud, for stealing a pair of blankets, which were exposed for sale on the footpath. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to seven day’s’ imprison ment! At a committee meeting of the Ballan Agricultural Society, held ou Saturday afternoon, Mr M. M. Mogg, of Yaloak Vale, was unanimously rc-electcd president; and Messrs Philip Cantwell, of Huntustou, Donald Stewart, of Tregothnan, aud Robert T. Marshall, of Ballan, were elected vice presidents, Mr Stewart being re-elected. A deputation, consisting of Messrs Mogg, Cautwell, and Potter, were appointed to wait" upon the Commissioner of Railways, request that all"produce to and from Melbourne may be carried at the same rate as "would be chargeable by the direct line when completed. Referring to the Burns statue erected at Dunedin, Mr W. G. Spence, writing to the Creswick Advirtiser, says:—“ln May last a statue to Burns was unveiled. It is situated in the Octagon; it cost a lot of money, is not yet paid for, and does not please the people. The statue is of bronze, and repre- sents the peet seated on a stump (I didn’t know there were any stumps in Scotland), composing his ode to ‘Mary, in heaven.’’ The pedestal is Aberdeen granite, but is not nearly high enough, as the figure is a massive one, and you do not get far enough away from it to appreciate its appearauce. It is so low that recently some wag put a bag over Bobby’s head, and someone had to re- move it in the morning. It is claimed by admiring Scotchman that it is like Burns because he has ‘his back to the kirk and his face to the public house,’ there being a church behind and a hotel in front. It is a very long way behind the statue in Ballarat, and is really not creditable to Dunedin people, more especially as Scotch predominate there.” The Minister- of Defence, Sir- James Lorimer, and the naval commandant, Cap tain A. B. Thomas, R.N., are passengers by the P. and O. Company’s R.M.S. Rome, which arrived at Ring George’s Sound on Sunday night,- and will reach Melbourne on Saturday or Sunday next. An Argv- s wire from Donald on Saturday says:—“Mr M‘Kay, the manager of Rich avoH station, and one of the judges of stock at the late pastoral and agricultural show, died last night through a kick from a horse, which he received at the show.” The sentence of death passed upon Bridget Mephan on Saturday last for the murder of her sister, Ann Callow, at North Wanga ratta, has taken no one by surprise, as the evidence adduced at the police court inves tigation of the case placed her guilt beyond a doubt, though she denied the charge to the last. The wretched creature urged that she was the mother of 12 children, that she had brought them all up well, and that she had been a hard working, honest woman, her only fault being her fondness for the drink, and through it her poor grey head was to go down to the grave. Her youngest child was only 11 years of age, and it was hard-for her to be taken away. The Chief Justice stated that it would be his duty to forward the re commendation of the jury to those who would advise his Excellency the Governor. The jury had found the prisoner guilty and it ' was his simple duty to pass the sentence the law directed. He then passed sentence of death. The prisoner was deeply agitated, and on hearing the sentence requested that his Houor should direct that her body be handed over to her friends. His Honor re plied that he had delivered the sentence as the law directed, and the unhappy woman was removed. The A lifuts says that the threatened boy cotting of Chinese vegetable hawkers by the market gardeners has not yet been com menced. In order to guard against the pos sibility of a disturbance at the market on Saturday morning, Senior- constable King attended there with half a dozen police, but, as it proved, the precaution was quite un necessary. The initiatory step to form the Board of Conciliation (says the Age) was taken by Mr Bruce Smith on 25th November, 18S5, when nine members of the Employers’ Union, and a similar, number from the Trades! Hall Council, met to discuss the desirability of drafting a constitution. There was a unanimous opiuion that some such board was necessary, and numerous con ferences were held to discuss the best means of preventing disputes between the repre sentatives of eapital and labor. In England there are boards of arbitration and of refer ence to deal with strikes and locks out, but according to a communication which the secretary of the Employers’ Union recently received from Mr Thomas Burt, member for Morpeth in the British House of Commons, there is no board of conciliation for pre venting disputes between employers and employees. In his letter to the secretary the member for Morpeth stated that “Vic toria was far in advance of any other country in having a conciliation board.” The constitution and rules will be submitted for signature by the representatives of the Employers’ Union at the half-yearly meeting of that association. It is frequently stated by critics of local enterprise and so-called exponents of metro politan “ centralisation” that the commercial progress of Geelong has within the past few years exhibited a gradual falling off. To convince the Jeremiahs of their error (says the Advertiser) it should be sufficient to quote the revenue returns as recorded at the Customs office. For the financial year end ing 30th June, 1885, the total revenue at Geelong amounted to £37,655; for 18S6, £39,516; and we find for the same period ending 30th June, 18S7, the receipts have increased to £42,854. During the mouth of August just past the sum collected was £4697, as compared with £3913 in the same mouth last year, being an increase of £7S4. In order to show that these are uot excep tional instances we may state that in August, 18S5, the receipts were £3370; and £3424 in ISS4. It will thus be evident that the in crease is both substantive and progressive. 