THE GOLDEN 1HO'PE.' A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP: I dreamt a dream that W.R not all a droea.' BPr W. CLAct RIOssto. CnAPTER XX.-A FiOK'tic DiscoonniPe. They had no sooner left the cabin than a head with a urimy pale face on it and disor* dared hair and reddish eyelashes popped'out of a spare hunk on the port side, and afiter taking a quick glance around, was followed by the body and legs [f Johnny, the 'boy.' This youth way about seventeen years old, etuoid, but willing, and he was useful as one of the ship's company, because though he hardly knew how to mouke a long splice, he could help to roll up a sail, and was a very good servint for the calH), besides being:ser viceable an a sort of cok's mate. HIe had ' all night in' because be wan kept at work all day, hut feeling tire after hreakfast and gueneeing he would not be missed for a quarter of an hour or so,,he had sneaked into the spare cabin bunk, that was in reality a hole in the side, such ai you see in emacks, with the intention of amrely resting his limbs, but hart fallen tart alsep tIe wan awakened by the entra ca of Mr. Fortesenne and the two men; whet reatietnr his sitoa. .1ion, and the rop.'e? riding that minht follow his detection, hi lay hreathles., lie. tening to all that wan slid. When the mate left the cabin and firaln entered his bherth, Johnny tumbled out of his buck and went to see after the cabin di eer. The cook was a man amed Micky Anson, a fat ignorant person irt ta'le like most sea cooke. His temper aboa d the Golden Hope had not been improved v the smallnes4 of the galley, the want of hlow.room, and the wild and lively motion o the schooner during the had weather, when n one occasion he had been washed out f the caboose hv a sea, and when he had been eev-ral times scalded by capsized -sHcepane: Whether, hut for the cook's temper, Johnor would ever have repeated a word o[ what he had heard in the cabins cannot he imagined; buton. being angrily assailed bir Anson for ' loafing' and neglecting to do bi ' bit' and the like the lad said, ' Mioky e'elp tie an I stand, I',1 been here if it warn't for a chost storr. heerd it in thecabin. I'd laId down in the spare bucnk an' I' fell aslee and was woke no by the ole man. and the mat* and the plar.onr comin' below; the pvdon ho tarned to aned gave'em a yarn about a ghost. Micik, s'elp me. it wur enough to naike a 'nan'n hlir feel as if it wur stiff wit. fat. H?e wur a long while arilt', anitd thldei the' cln ered out and aft I come' S oeaing, he 'eizod hold of some platen that were to he cleanel a'cd htean to make a mighty rattle with them in a metal pall full of water. .., ' Ah,' cried the cook. ' oflconrse you was larinc' down. You're alwave cf la'in' down. It's gutter jumpers arter your pattern as are makin' aeiloie the hatuhingsacotck of the world. Good mind to round on, yeto the ole man,' he exclaimed, openint the oven door to scowl at a meat pie. ' It's your thick skin what makes you inoeetsihbe to nautical feelings, ancd you'll never feel like a neafaring man till that there okin has bhen thinned br a course of ridit' down,. Ghostsl If thirs was o'er n thing of the kind in this sehooter, damenif I woaldn't he at the cot of making hicn a presenit of the tisharpttst fork on that ethlf there on the understat din' that he hautned .oe cnhonte "^Ith it and kept all on ij ?ltliug of you till I told him t ' stop.' Miicky,' cried the lat. who was now red in th tfaon with the zxertinm he was putting into his task of cleacin? and ruhhing,' '»'elp me if the pareau'd yar? wardn' eoncuit to make me wish I wan home ngin. Why, this worage ain't a w'cyae'e at all. W..'re sailing in search of a gchoet; ye shoild have he'rd rite mato gruntt when he was told it, and th' clue ciaci kep cnc nayig. ' Well, this In a start? Tnio du heat tlu tien I' and wlen the psrtcn wan goie the nkipper asks the mate what he thilke, and the ma'o hie seas it must he all true 'oa the parsont's too pious I to tell a lie ' ' Wha's all tru-' What are you jtwIn' about? Whct' - otii' to hear you whilst you makes that bhoomis,' i'ise? cried the cook, whose curloaity was tinw exclted. ' What'e altr-i .r? Why, what tllc piarn, told the kionner and tne imate,' retlied Johnnc. ' lie fa)s there's a fetalse hobti situated on an island in the itindlia, O:eact 9Phllthed lay paltdlaregrainemet wta te auth.r, g 'uit tb., Vyugr tco fair heri.' Iria cnux Ssurished a frylngpan, whilst Johnroy, cower iug and dodging behind his uplifted arm, roared out, 'Seip me the Lord, te true, SMicky. The ghost came to the parson and says, 'I'm on the island what Mr. Stone's got the calculations of,' and she writ down a litteness of the island, and pretended that the parson had dons it,; and then the.parsor he sees the drawin' and likewise the ghost I aestretchln' out of her arms to him; and so e he maked up his mind to go and fetch' her, and here we are a going I' The cook looked attentively at the lad, rand knowing him to be too much of a fool to he capable of inventing such a story as this., exclaimed, ' Just say that over agiun, will per?' 'rhe yquth did so. ' Ye mean to say that the parson told the cp'n and mate that a female hoest wrote down the likeness of an island, and informed him that sbe was on it, and Chat this voypge was meant to fetch herr said the cook, knitting his brows and lookir at Johnny with an expression in hli eyed that caused the lad to respond with astonish' ing rapidity, -' Ay, Micky, and if it ain't true, may I- ' And, he hoped that all sorts of fearful physical 'afllictione would smit- him. ' Well,' said the cook, beginning to hustle about afresh, but in rather an abstracted manner, * if the pareon's motive he what you say it is, then this here's a woyage I for one never signed articles for. But. aft with yer now; get the cloth laid,' and he made as ii he would lift his foot, on which the youth ran but. If sailors in those days were livelier and heartier and better seamen than they are in these, it must be owned that they were also more ignorant.. Not ignorant in.rhe sense of ' laring,' as they termed it, for as many could read and write theri as can reoadand write now, but in respect to sea eupesrtirions In our age the prosaic meohanifc?l' spirit of the engine room has entered the asafatring calling, and in the furnacee if' the stearhere most of.the marine epectresaand beliefs haysI been burned up never to anpetf- acain., 50t1 ipsthe.ag~aof: thes OoIlsti "Iope,,P rday w'll" ttl anucnlicky dqy; .tmeaster would lsk'hbis iptrrerfs.'vi1 ' fr.e*f'th hlad fallen over hoard; the Ficn,- ans ti uctld'.j:f h-wMr', jfr land was termed, was a magician in the esiIt of many sailors ; alld though the Flying Dutchman was mentioned on, the whole with incredulity, ecoresof superstitione much niore absurd and mubch lees poetical prevailed in phips' forecastles annd 'tween.decks where Jack swrrng his hammock. The cook havilne obtained from Johnny a most serverted ver. sion of the narrative" Mr. Forteecne had related to the captain and Stone, very natu. rally procured its conveyance forward in. a manner that was formerly observable in sea. cooks-s thus : It being the eaptai's watch on dbck, and consequenltly William Breeches's watch below, for William was in the mete's watch, Breeches came to the galley for a light for his pic.-e ' William,' save the cook, ' what was in your head, mate, when you signed articles for this here wonyage?' Br-eches surveys him leisurely, and answers, ' Seventy hob a month. Mtcky.' ' Ay,' says the cook, ' that's right enough; but what was the destination given ye?' 'Why.' said Breeches leanilg in the door way, and taking a look at what the watch on deck were doirg, 'a hisland in tihe ,idian Ocean, warn't it? I've signed on for a good many woyaees in my time, but somehow I've never canuht myself' taking notice of where we're hound tilt we gets there.' 'What d'ye say,' exclaims tie conk,' of the parson linying this here schooner to fetch a choat ift the island we're bound to?' ' (Cit out,' said Breeches, SWell,' says the cook, 'it's Johnny's yarn;' and here he relates how the lad came to overhear the conversation in the cabin, exaggerating the youth's version of course. and embellishing it klith several original touches. 'If it's true it's blazing queer,' says Breeches. *Ah,' sar' tile cook, 'and the more youl think of it, the likelier it is. What tdnes cs parson want to sail to a hisland in the Indiarn Ocean for, that's cot no name, Ph? Just ask yourself that. Vllliam, It ain't for trafi-k. ing ; there's no hartteri' Thames ballast, anyways; no fear of 'its being for slaving and the likes of that. Parsons are all very well ; but it's sartin their dealings is with what ye can't see; and if there's to he anythine what may he c lled speeritool like mocked ui in this woeare nnhoknown to us and not dnown in the articles1 I, for one, shall want to know what the capu ni ha? to "ea Iucon it ' Well, ofcoarse, lanuunge of this kind ended in lmakiing the two fellows tooik at eatch, other with faces as long as ' a wet hatmmo ;k,' to nee - the language of the ea ; and wheri Breeches had uLusaoked ,ili pipe (cit and dn sacetledt into thei forecanstle, t was not to ' turn in.' but to repeat what he had heard to Martin toldemith ahd IIeirv- Sawyer, - who gat on their chests mendling their clothes, the remaininig man of the watch, Joe flall, ordinary seaman, being in' his bunk and lorldly ennring, there. It, was the Oustom of- the 'vathes to get anppyr toiether, and 'shortlybefore four hella ((i io'aockl the meni having finished the ineal were on the foreastle ; for the' eveningi was beattiful, the wind warm,. and the sun de-. srending in 'incha spleonlour"that vson w ticIt have thought yourself in parallels higher than the tihetlands to have seen thie brighlt II tares ou hirg out of the hnzy crimson vortexr andl the lines ofribbhhed clouds roibd in gold anl orange acid pink tind scarlet,' with the sky a mo·te delicace dim green hetwee, them, and the sea coating wi th a bright cohiperglare upon it otc of -the -west, aud sweeping with the heavens into dark blue into the east. There never was a more peacefulsitctuore thin the schooner made an thait hour. Steeetisil' the flowing western glory the full honmrns of her uanves were tingled with orange, whie in the concavities which faced the east, whence the windi was blowing as though the levered breath of the African desert, were mingled in t the freshbness and sweetness it gathered fr ,m the ocean in its flight-lin throse connavities the shadows lay like the blue dusk of evening,. thus furnishing an exquiiste contrast to ant eve so situated as to emihracs both the cio. vexities and hollows of the nails. There was ,nothing in eight the wide waters round... Mr Fortescne ;and Hliram were drinking tea onr tleck, Stqne was below. In the hows were the 1 crew, sitting on the windless end or Ianing. against the weather rail, the cook and Johnny, in the midst of teem. apparentcl yarning or as Hiram would sometimes fancy, argeine, when he cast his glance forward, but spegking i low, with askant looks aft. It was the fist dog.watch, and.?hey had the second yet to go through before thby setrled.down to nicihi duty or repose. The .whole length of the schooner was between WaVeekarid his min; Iut if this were not eoutugh no to sunhdue the voices of the crew 'a to render their wordeli. aidthla art, there w v. the swinging of canvas aloft as the Golde" hlope rolled, the soiudes of water diitarheu 'and movineg over the ailde, small straining etid chaluig noises, aid hesides. C:aptain ITram convtrsed with Mr Fortessne, th'uith no reference was made between them to what had passed in the cabin. ic was otherwise on the forecastle, where the account that had ben oiven to the cook by Johnny was being gravely disnussed ',Mates.' said Breeches, feeling, in his. 'r)users pockets for a pips, . ' wnet eem' to 'e the queerest part of this job is that if that there Johnny's yarn in 'true. it's plain that the catat'n and the mate'didn't know any 'bore nior us what wan the motive of thi? 'That's what strikes me a tho ruoim'neit Oart, too,' said Tim Da~tk a a guly-lo'kcin . nsomewhat merry-faced seaman of thir'r. ' The pirarn evidently sot to windwardl.of the old man afore sailing, and'now we're a fort. night out, and. the truths told, the sklipper don't know what to do.' ' If he wants adwiao' I'm game for one.' remarked thi cook. ' Who says he danio what .to do?' askedI Martin GaOldsmith. 'He doi't.look much dieturhet. I allow Ihis facecouldn't be'much longer thali it is, bit if there's a'iy hlnward otIzlcal it a man Ie're inot gninc to s~e him tniling anid appearing hesao like lirtm there as if he'd ot thle young woman he's a curting oc hiis ktnee. 'DDtecv i.'s mnerg nting ' pti yonngJ.T"' Ilall. *'rTlere's too nianey skiplpers kicki' about ashore, bullies, for Hiram to turn t't acd ary he wari't Rgob' to sail the echo aier to a hlaunted island.' 'Johcny,'eald Breeches In a severe voirte, ''l're mean to say'that the parson tld the skipper and Bill that there was a ghost on at islad in the Intdian Oc*at, and that we waits Ilound ounat to fetch it Ju.t think You're* more'n half a fol recollectc, atd afore )tu jsDncc down cine throat with a strerCcllrlg " Yes ! 'just overhaul what mluid uat's 'got, anid see if you ainl't mistook ' ' lrl or to fool,' anIweretd the br. 'I'llI tell *r, if non was to hold me over the rtlc and say t'd let so if I aucexO'eeI c's tio wha' ycu've asksd, I'd say ye,- D'Yo think I tcan't Iear c? S'els meI, as I'm aihiclg, what tlli tr ic at.id wie a Uhetwtwros, dtwn a hiislal i for hliql--s f int abhoet--?Atnd sly, she we. cci it. ated cliv ooeue'l ,es arcn's to. thle catstc. an l thle ltar",na he tniake up his tid II tu 8o to her. Ant' hee "gr ars a Coin t 'l' wart utily that nei'..r, The b lho. t ualde thbi i earn te eu stoir rip laziag up Ia the Iadlau r" Ocean, him being' inn Logulnd. And the skipperi he talked of'a ghrnetat'cnme'to a chip'vbwln! aond made a' ochap there lafetch a Id ible, and next day he-rlror'down dead. : 'here was nothen I didn't hear, fool or no a fol. WiVllianm,' ' Well,' naid Henry Sawyer, with an no s easy glance alt at the clergyman and a kind of writhe on the hatch he was siting on, 'if Johnny ain't blundering. the look.out of this worage ie the oncomfortrahleet a re. oeectable sitilor could sign for. Why. alaving I 'ad ho better thtlnr ihont.huntini, doarnte.' a 'What'd a gholt like?' said the cook. * Anyhody ever stne a hoot ?' 'Did the usaron tell the capt'n what the a shoat was like?' inquired O0ldelnith. a 'No,' answered Jbhluny. 'It wor sore-s think ias put its arm out' , Well,' said )Dck, 'tha'r l what ghosts do. I've seen 'em represented in the theayter.. e They comes up out of thre holee under the 4 At ar, an points and talks with their arms. T'lihe never aepeke. There'g" no good iin Sayin', is Satma did, there ain't nuo ghosts ; I 'cause if they'd never been winihle, how chuld I they be driwedl, and how could play.hactors dree noup like 'emr' S' What I said was that no man ever yet see 1 a ghost,' exclaimed Sam Wilke, an ordinary y seaman. 'A uhoet'd a man'o soul; and nmy Ifnther believed that when oula wase liberated r they got blowed about till they hronght up, i but no man ever saw a soul.. Why, it it was v omthring ds cold look at, every rnie a chap died you'd see his soul llyilg .awLy,' 1 'fell yet what it is, mates,' said Gold. smith. 'You mray seu itounht to hemiddlin' I warm in these partd, but it's blasted cold to f my notion.' v' IAsht it pipe,' said Duck, ' Jimmy,' aiid Brrreelue, menuing Klttq, who was at the helm,' told mo' this ator f noou that he was he cpmates with a man I ho knew a sailor that 'had murdered a iyonrr person ho was keepin' com pany with. ;ie hid the hrlv,. arid ailrl asay ; hbnt the kirl went with him. If he jamped aloft ih'e 'was on the foretop alonlreide of him. 1f. he Stook the vwheel, slie'.i b holling tile lep spokeT ' I he looked- over the eide he'd see S c .intlhe watvere. .When he.carmeome all st;;pped orl to the-u?p' ith ')hi'nrtarii Jiltiriny slid that teld mate told hin tbha+t when trre m aIn so pped over thq eidethe ytnlg Irpalreorn made himn take ia ."i'oh and go down to whelre her body wlto 'oird dlit it up and look at it, which he did, and then she made him tktle, the coah hack agtain and go to the I rpoli:e nrid tell 'erm he had murdered her ' 'Onreosience ii the name of that there ghost,' csaill Duck. ' Conncience be blowed I' cried Breeches. 'Mealn to tell me ia rpan an carn murder a young woman's reo any conecience ?' ' L ook here,' said the cook, ' what I'm lhinllig of is this- what'si this here woyaee abh'r,?' ''There was a ehort sllence. ' Whether.' continued the conk, ' ahoots is to bIe believel in or to be denied of. I don't mean to trake a hand in seercliine after them. If Johnny here 'ain't a' liar, that prarson there's gone anld Iromht this hooker "eirenely to find out a hieland oin which something that came to Iim when he was e'hed said it lived. I for ona did not sign for a joh of thise kiild, rind ror opinion in that we donht to eneak to the captain, and l.rn from the captain Ilsstelf what his motivel4 are ' At this moment Stone who, had been sating his eurpler in the cabin--the last meal oil board lhip is ialwalys called cupper, thouth ushore it weald he called tea-clme onI deck rand tonok a lirirnor two along the gan;way. first clcastin a IglaIIne arloft, then rnnninlv his eye round the ea t?ill he came to the sinking nun that wan thene a truly glorioeus pertacle of o?ame and colour0 ineo mruch thiat the mere reflection ol it In the nea yielded a score of shining arid exquisite riots from the lburlning red oin the Ihlrizlol to tihe delicate amber that came oifting through the water to the echoorler'e side, where it died out and left the sea on the portbheam a t rich violet. 'rhi tile old sailor stood gazinvo at for some nillolents with tin Rort of r.veroulo iI li?i f rce that the uraonle lre and beinties of nature excite in plainl and simple alilld, after which his eye wao talten by the crew talkin, trogether on the forecaetle. It was y rmmediately. eviden, tlo him that ihey hind got under weigh with cniae topilr of more than Uriail intrert, and oirervirn'thnat tho, I all lii,'tod tovairds hi I ir n i they hid a minrd to eRieLk, hie qrlietly Wlrlkd lorel.rldl *'lh ir ,'areler'r cl irriors at rihl fore s?io. ,n, ,r if hri idea wone to see that all war riillt that. way, iutil re ntille to rite wirndla.i"ard, weirre lhe oo.rod lititly I. aokiui round hiit. * Mr. Storne,' suddenlly exclaimed the cook, 'Ccull yonl tell tis what thtr, hIere wryage inl I 'lerl tklt"r for ? ' UoIdIrtake*n ftol' answered'Stone,rtartlell by the ilairlltnese of ttie oqllestion, alin~d also iat a 10ca, intanrtly notliend l tise Inrre, who exchangelltd ltanre. ' Why, t, lv, d'i lmean ori a?iy yUt don'u relremllnBrlownat you eldnied for? `. '. Ye,' replied rhO* co, lk: 'I 'sined for the woyage trorn rite prrt or tl.bltlotn o a'hlislarid? in the Inluici (l)':ean t 'rli I( . 'ack. We wa-to. go not ant retlolre I, n alllU,atniLd I hriuderetood it wlr to bte ait ,rl aof pleasure cruiee,a kinder y rl,. ciinC joh.' lrirtr.' it, tflicky,' excrlaimed tGoldmith, wir rit all the nlen, harianpparontly .hele rren. lda-rdl the mirost uincnmfortoanle by'Johliny'e story. ' Well,' cried Stone. 'nnd who's Paid ift AlN'T"iYt.o it a orL ot 'opl*anrJi centsin, a tinder yacilhtin' jobh .4 yoIu nall! it, Iht " What d'ye suppoee the ohjent in--Prate ? IIf 'TAT were It you' mar rleckon we'd need more nnesle:I trhan what's to lie got OUt o' he likes of' that suet,' pointiig to tlle fat aries of the cook. '* ell ye what' it i,; Mr. Stone,' paid IJrPe?lhs, ' We've larnIt thatt th-re's some. thirng enopetat'ritl, eas the stin'. io, in the plarrlioa's intentions, anro thlough I, don't beh?ive in glioate inrell, I' rin.not auoin to help in any job I cal't see dJylilght. through.' SilhoOtr* ?' cried old St,,ne; ' wtrt are )ou, t/lking alnl.r? , Whv's been a jaling, tonyou ltlonIIt sle ers ?' . . c Olirn' inlarn-e anllinrtlltlnant peorpl-ahin'l iartiweril utqllrentluoll,' R.id tree ioiric viionnely. Will iolon isaOn tell'uh what thin ere worl?ge islulunintaken for?' l'nhe neen again noticed the dicoonoerted expreesion I1 the old chap's face. Ile glanced' Mtt, and ohnervint that Mr. l'orteecne had left the deck,,motioned to llirTame Who was watching the crew-as, though he had, now iruesred that omnetoling more thian mere ' yarnirng' was keovingr the fellows together., Ae the captain wa?led forwnrld iinl strides as long a.0 a trLaedian'r, the eye would' have heen, taken by tle lovely sea piece of that .moment, the airy.saulendorrr in the went, the vel.et-like blue ita t.re-.ante the rcoan line going round in a .nolt esweep of idilin till it meo the doinx glory where. rit was reflected,. thtie rrile of tile acihoouer etandirng brillioni a? white plumage rrgainrlt the prre wirrdwar?d duilk, the little OrOWd Of mren forward where the wirlla?s was, nald wlerne trlilchormrot rose yellow, with Ite black shronde andsenow. ihke nioths, to the golden.estininrc;; and lhe oaulndi loure i deck ift terrnotedt blp raeoitary lignire at treitller. SWhat's the uittrlrln'eald fliramr. SWhy,' reeponded Stone, ' here's. Bill Bereeches aditsr' if there ain't pornosthiig clopsruratrlrrl irr this woyrage ;,fallin' ahont ih ,'tc arid the Ilke tofcucrelam'? ;and, here's MinkyAnse'uinquirin' what it ie. he edgedt for? . . . . ' Iknow what I acrird ior,'capt'n,' ,or'nril rhe cnook, land I likewise knon what I didn'r oig'n for.' - , :'L ,ok herel' irteerroted lirtdin; 'lwlint' the intteolT That'r rwhat [ want to. know. SWell, I'll yer what's the matter,'reepoyrred tleephe.y- *ynou anrt the pa?rn anrt' Mr Soone here had a private UonLverestioL in the ca?bin at noon.' 'Waell' thunde-ud TIlirtn. * Wnl,.' coutioned li'reohes, easing.down hi" delatrt manner a hit, in thie terh of the skippe's reolnate frowning oree R we cnder' stand that the I)araIre gave you avaersion of - his reason in huvin' rhie wesaerpi nd eailiae ot her to thie ltin'iie )oear, that was at lrheknown to Jou and ,lr. Stone as it was to i4 ' S'Wel' I' ehlonted.lIiran. SW.ll;' proceeded Breechltes, '* what we are ilnflrmer in that a shont appeered to tlh prrion r:ulid wrote down a ilstland anid sunid "hi w?q naon t, i n'l rlhe h!'agrd of hit', to colne by hoperuinr her rner onn to h)im, ntrd hat's why he bought the sehooner. I trll ter,' said- the ma'r, waxing defiast aga*in. and seerking encourlaltement in the lo'kn of the mI aroaltnd l himrn. * that I don't belteve ilr groot; t donr't knIow rlo hen ahont'ern. 'ainrd don'd wailt to; hut we're atreed thlat parrone are p.ople aa n or get hrld ,o' riatilles wblhob plain sailollrre wnould rilohr riot help 'ell r, clrrly out, dye nee, eapto, anrd if o he-' Illram and Slone h*d bh'en eertln. at *heb otrrer. Tee former at this rInc a yolltd out: ' Who told lou Ihot we had a pcrlate uoon" ver'etioni ill thi? c?ain 2' T''he rouk owid. J Johuny. lillroun atretntrhel forrt, hbl lorry rinto rud nellored tine yotlth wlh Iit ers like etrdl I h okl t Ilno ril e ,r know we Ilrd Ha itivate co .vororatrnnnr ilr tire t?ahtin. he roared., To'. Ill'd knrel'e 'la.io'ld earIh ntlh?or n* I ,rilied t ' L we ra bit tired and t.iarned lnto I ci ,4'S lebauk, sri' when you an' the parlloi all" the mrate caole doinl. I-I lay still-not rchoosea'-bein' ateard--hi I hi I ' Is .was s bound to come, and ror n tong minute Johnny was culting wild capers to. and, raising boise. 'eronu sbouts over, a regtlar downright old fashiooned ropes-redig all of the olden time. The crow accepting this as a matter of course, saite4 with impatience for Hiram to recover his breath; The fret words he said were: l Breeches, yog're an old fool.' 'W"hat o'se call me that forT' cried the man. 'Oat of politeness, you old scaramoucle Why, if I was to give ye all the names you deserve, you'd have more titles than the Emperor of Chaner. To think of a man of your age talktn' ahout hoarte? Why, what, do you call yourelf ? A Mar I' ' What'* this -hore wuvoga about? de. manded the cook. 'Abonut' excldimed Hiram, with extra. ordinary aoorr, 'about? T',itk of a cook a cloK-asking nautical qoeations inti ezx qgctiggalaweral Lookhere, my lade, and lot Breecone and Micky listen to me. The Werrulai was a Hieast Indieman; .she waw harrt in the HRiudian Ocean ; there was a lady ahboard of her as Mr. Fortescue was to matry' ie dreamt that the weasel was burnt, and that the lady who was in one'of the boaut reached an island that Mr. Stone here waoe cast away upon. Hle disbelieved his dream till he heard that the ship had been burnt; and then whelr he comes to lart that the island he dreamt ahout wros a real place and thatSione knew it, heanye tohirmself, "This here wtsion may have come from Heaven. Who knowsn since what I dreamt was true' that the lady I soee in my dream upon this island mayn's hactoally he there? I love her-: she wits- to have beeni my wife; I'll sp(nd what money I've got in a schooner and sail. to this here island, and I'll treat to Alnightyr God, if foe he my dreamn's correct, that we eha'n'c hbe.too late to preserve her life,"' My lads, what's onreaeonahle in thiste ;l'thecrimeon dgoom that was now upon the' sea and sky was a good light to study the f~aces of the mes in as they listened to Iliram for it deepened every linle and added another' shade to the bronze on the chele: though it had it m-llowinti influence, tho,. specially' ,qf iehl, in old Stone's fare, whoso earnedt O.?t4'es nofteod into.pathos byAj,. '?I'here arehusebaide among ye; TdoredkTbr coa?tinited Ifimm, ' and some I doubtnot has ewaethearts ;besides. ye're all Engllh ; a, even Micky Anson's Eoglish, and if 'tseres any man here as considers hr. Fortescnoe'de": tartiniation to see If the end of hi' dream ain't as true as the beghiing proved to be-if there's any man here as can eoe anything soilpernatooral and notondaretandabhle in the sept's neehiln' of his love, where he eolieves her to he cast away, ther all I can say is, he must he tihe onnaturaliest character rand the worst eoowbarnker as ever sicged articleo fora lovely ship and a heautiful woyage.' 't'hues peaking he ran his eyes over the men with a cIhaleitge stare at each. ' Then ye mean to'say,' observed Broeches, ' that what Johnny took and brougnl for. war'l'e a lis !' ' Y4-s-a lie as big as lie i ; a lie as hig as yol Iartl hin, and the cook is,' cried Stone. What'. your idea of the clergyman's hintel. lent that ).i should PpunoIe Ihe's capable oft' goint' at pholt" hntin' ?'D'ye Capp'tee thlat an educated man like him, a masn that Sunday", after Sunday teaches folks with ten. times rmre brains than you,' thinks that they don't know nothnc aIblnat- d'ye imagine he's to be set right hr the lilkes of you 2' ' TIere wae nothing meentioned about our seekin' the island for the purpose of tekin"" tih pearson's young woman off it,' exclaimed Duck ; 'there was ,nothing said about It in the articles (TO ea coPlnegrno,) 