FR.O O UR UR OWS CORRIPONs'O ENT. Mr Editor, I got into hot water over that blessed Rfuffy ball, with some young, ladies in this part of the world. They told me I had a right to say who was the belle of tile hall. Well, to tell the truth, I I forgot all about that, and am also a very poor judge of belles. 1 am afraid now tp say who, miny estiniatitin, as the belle, for fear it would not meet with their appro- .s bation, and I might get mny hair pulled, to K say nothing about blackened shins. Here Ce goes for my tip, and I think most of those e who were presenit will endorse it : 'Miss 0 O'Connor, of Gobur, takes pride of pilace; b and for second-well, I won't say. Then, a again, why did I not say something about ti the beautiful young ladies whom the gen- I tlemen were surprised to see present,more especially Ruffy ones ? Well, women are a frightful grumblers, and I hope these par- 1 ticular ones will not use anything mor than tongue, as I pretend to be deaf occa- it sionally and it acts very well, I can assure o you. There wvas great gnashing of gums a (1 won't say teeth, for, in spite of all the t kangaroos, etc., killed annually, we can t' tell all young ladies- or rather old ones- I over 25, as their teeth go at that age), i, because I left that out about the ladies, v and also, I believe, thouglh they won't of si course confess it, because I never put in anything about the activity of Mr John Newlett. He might have been'mistaken u for the secretary, as 'twas a toss-up who was busiest. . The next item on the list is "execution of dogs," two representatives of the canine race meeting with violent deaths last week- t up here.. They belonged to different a owners, and had a great liking for fresh ' eggs. One dog ate 3 dozen or so of hen I and turkey eggs at one meal - rather; at good meal ! That dog was hanged. The farmer's wife carried out the -read sen tence of the law, as none of the boys would hang their own animal. The other i unfortunate canine: was killed" with. a waddy. Little Boy No. 2 said to No. 1, i "I say, Bill, you'll see the pup's ghost i when you go past where lie is. ' Little 1 Boy No. 1, rather sadly-" I don't know. where he is; I found him when he was nearlyj killed, but she went aid killed himr again.'" Good, 'was it not i The mis tresses of the houses executed each dog according to different ideas, you see. Oh, -that " killed again". puts .e, in mind of what I heard a young lady say the other day. There was a stranger pre sent, and she asked her to play a piece-on the harmoniuni. ;.,The lady replied that she couldn't play-in fact,- didn't know the way to work her feet. "Oh,'! says the young lady (don't?tell her about it), t "you put a feet on each. treadle." She evidently forgot the singular, or sing. and plural got " mixed." I, see Miss Wray has taken the cham pionship at the Euroa M. 1. A. competi tion. Inam very glad it is i lady has won that position, adthough sorry it was not a local one. However, I.ivish..Miss Vray mnsy win a good nmany such prizes,and that slhe mly continue (as. she is). acredit to her sex. Mr Finkelstein conducted divine service at Mr lBrtwan's on Sunday last; but uwing to it not being generally known that lihe was to officiate there was not a large attendauce. I When ?next this? gentleiman visits us, I I can assure him lie will meet with a very favorable reception. s I amssorry to say the dreaded pleuro is 3 in this district. One farmer has lost 4 head, and another has lost one and has three more bad. The former I think) I should be ashamed of himself if, knowing what the cattle died of, he never reported the matter. I hope the authorities will see about it at once, I as the farmer who lost the four head, r I understand, bought them recently in.the r Euroa saleyards. 