ECHOES OF THE DAY. KROM Til 12 CHURCHES' CONVERSATION. . BWCLUUKO, SCANIUtL, AND Koui. IjAKCUAOC. Chvmt Uhnrch, isouth intra, w at tno present timo preeminently tho fnshionahlo church of tho Anglican community of Mcl bourno ami suburbs. It wan to the congregu- tiun assciiihlcd there on Sunday morning last tlmt tho Hev. Dr. Wilson, tho head master ot the Church n England Grammar School, ad- diraml an nhle sermon, which contained sevoro strictures on tfioseandal-mnugcring that forms so hnjKWtunt a part in society talk, lto also passed a severe cotuUmmatiou on tho use of so- called ' strong language," and denounced emphatically indulgence in foul talk. l )r. Wilson bused Ins discourse on Christ's words us given in St. Matthew xii, 34 and 37—" Out «f tho abundance of the heart tho mouth s>cakoth. A good iran out of the pood treasure of the heart unnpeth forth good things ; and an evil man out of the evil treasure brmpeth forth evil things ; ami 1 nay unto yon that overy idtc word that men shall speak, thov shall givo ac count thereof in the Day of Judgment, for by thy words thou shalt bo justified, and by thy words thou shutt be condemned." Christianity, said tho rev gentleman, was a practical re ligion. Y\ hatever rules it sot before us worn meant to have their most uirecc oennng on "«r evervday life whatever standard it set up ivc had to strive after, not by way of heaveu- ward aspirations or rulicious abstractions, but by living a Christlike life, and showing Christ ill our actions. When the Judge was in Awtul Session, when tho Books were opened for tho eternal decision, tho tests would be practical. What havo been thy actions? Forasmuch as ye did or failed to do." What have been thy words? " Every UUe word that men shall apeak they shall givo ac count thereof." Nor need wo wonder (if wo considered the question carefully) that the latter, the words ot men, wero made of so great importance. Tho religion of Christ was unselfish. It asked not so much what had been our own state, but what uffcct liad wo had upon others. Now, it was hardly passible to ovcr-estimato the i>ower of our words, for go<xl or ovil, upon tho characters of our follow man ; everyone who heard them was in a greater ot- less degroo aifccted by them j the tone of a society would be accurately measured by tho general conversation of all its members. But people wow-apt to neglect this very vital fact. A man wanted to be freo to please himself. He tried to believe that Ins words wer»» ail his own, and that ho might u«e them without reference to his neighbors. Yet did not everyone know the wonderful power of languago ? A divino force, an inexplicable at tractiveness had been granted to human Bjiecch, insomuch that every utterance, how- over small might be the real wisdom or in fluence of the speaker, came knocking for ad mittance nt the gate of the human heart that heard it, and met with either acceptance or rejection, seldom with mere indifference. When they realised that this power of siweeh was always at work, that no waking hour jiassed ' without our exercising this influence, it could not but bo borue on our minds that this was, after all, a more wonderful faculty than we liad ever < dreamed .of ; and if we would do a Christian's work ill the world, .then this power of speech . more than all our other powers must be watched and trained and never used at random, lest wo should be causing Christ's little onos, all those who were weak and uncertain in His service, to stumble, "We were bound to utter no idle words, but words inspired with a Godly purpose, the good of humanity, and to rule their conversation by the great principles of Justice, Mercy, and Truth, to which Christ's lifu was devoted. -Society Talk. The rev'goutleiuau went on to say And yet ifj this is tho Christum staudard. in what light does this ordinary talk of society appear; ato wo always caruiui umc, wuaievcr society wo way be in,' our lips shall utter nothing but whatsoever things are true, whatsoever /things are honest, whatsoever tilings arc just, whatsoever ' things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things jarn ot good icport ; if thero be any virtue, aud if there be auy praise. Do we never let our conversation siuk to the level of low surroundiugs, and so for want of a manly measure of moral courage add our assent to a tone which wo know is harmful and uuChrUtian. And what if we do ? God has given us certain i>ower over our fel lows ; if wc misuse our power over their bodies or I heir possessions there is a remedy of law, but, tho power of 6pecch is over the souls of men. If wo misuse that power unless in a measure that directly affects their worldly prosperity, thero is no earthly tribunal that will judge us: but men's souls are mora jirccious in God's sight. Shall not Hcscarch it out? Is it nut a direct offence against His Majesty ? (X Sam. II, 25)—" If ouo man sin against another the Judge shall judge him ; but if a roan sin against the Lord who shall entreat for him J" SWKARIXC. It inay then not be unserviceable to consider one or two forms of degradation iutn which social conversation is liable to fall, omitting lyiug, as being too openly aud confessedly a crime to admit of iwlliatio-i, even iu the thoughts -of the most careless. I would say a few words about swearing, scandal and foul language. I have arranged them in their order of harmfolncs?, beginning with tho lesser. Tbe origin of swearing, I take to be the clesiro to give expression of violent passion. There comes to a man a sudden accession of rage or pain ; it would bo a relief to him to give utterance to the feeling ; if he were a dumb animal lie would utter a snarl or a growl, which, liaTing no direct meaning, would be the fitting exprcs- sion of the temporary chaos nf hts feelings. As he is a man, and a degraded man always reaches a lower level; than the brute, he has recourse to exaggeration and he helps it out with irreverence. He has no power over his passions, not the power of manliness, still less that of Christian feeling. He is the slavo of passion and lets it run riot on tbe smallest provocation. Ho deceives himself, probably, with the idea that his in- . temperate expressions arc signs of manliness, and of a vigorous and energetic nature; but it is ho manliness to be unable to controfemo- tion; to meet the smallest provocation with un exaggeration of wordy wrath, to be betrayed by a little pam into a hysterical violence of self-cxi>cstul:ition. The true man is ho who restrains his feelings, and bears his sufferings without a word ; not be who calls heaven and earth, yea the abodes of the lost, yea the Lord of Eternity Himself, to witness if he has stumbled over a stone in his own careless walking, or who uses language, the plain sense of which— though in liis childish passion ho may forget it— is that ho would like to devote to eternal torment any fellow mortal, or even any iuaui- mate object which has unwittingly offended hint. Or again, who tries to lend fictitious weight to his own weak aud untrust worthy word, by staking his hopes of eternal salvation on tho truth of some unimportant fact. Well, it may be Haul, tneu do not kuow, or do not remember, the meaning of what they say ; it Is a habit, a meaningless habit. Yes, it may bo sometimes", though not always it is,, and our Saviour understood it, anil with His unfailing tenderness for what is nut so much wicked as weak and foolish, He has none of liis severest' words fur those who swear. " Let your yea be yea, and your nay nay, for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil." And St, James repeating them, adds gently, lest yo fail into condemna tion." Yet, if there is any Christian here, who indulges in this weakness of speech, which is falsely called " strong language," let him remember, if be is a servant of Christ, Christ's direct command, "Swear not atall." If there is anything of the truo Christian in him, he will room to take refuge in the plea of thoughtlessness, for is it nob liis bouuden duty to thin;? But if a man uses such language wittingly, the thoughtless has be come the irreverent, aud he knows how Christ's words would change, how his care for His Father's honor would add< condemnation to His gentle tones, and His righteous indigua- tion would blaze forth against the pride of human presumptions. Scandal. I pass next to tho question of scandal. Let no one wonder that it is reckoned, in the main, worse than common swearing. Does not tho Bible say the same? You have heard its comments on swearing. What does it sav of evil speaking? "Kevilers," pays St Paul, "shall not inherit tho kingdom of God." Strong words, yet deliberate and just. Do wc all of us realise them, and act by them ? Are there no dainty ladies nt their afternoon ten, no complacent men.iti their after dinner chat, who would be surprised to be reminded that their meroile. condemnation of their fellows without proof, their readiness to retail second hand iiiichuritnbleness, and to add their own embellishments with a careless tongue, their skill in inventing fantastical motives for hear say actions while they earn them, for the moment, a cheap notoriety among an empty headed feu, arc really endangering their right to the name of Christian, even n.s they show that they have none of the spirit of Christ. This, I say, is a reasonable judgment. Thero is no doubt some profauity which is bo pronounced, so flagrant, so intentional, that it deserves tho utmost condemnation ; but in most cases swearing is thoughtless. Tho man docs not mean to be irreverent, lie docs not remember that his words do harm to his neighbors. But who cau put in such a claim for a slanderer ? His words are meant tube cruel, ho knows ho is injuring his victim. Anditiswhcu we go a Iittlo deeper into tho principles which guid& this jxmular, this dangerous, this un-Christliko habit, that we begin to ro- nliso how meat) and dottpicuble a thing society scandal is. What is it that inspires this inordinate flcairo to think every evil of our neighbors, to rejoice in iniquity— r careless whether it n truth. It's springs are in the subtlest recesses of our moral nature. Some desire to win attention by retailing tho latest news, to gain an cosy reputation for cleverness by sarcasm, where there is none to reply ; a little of that craving for the horrible, which is so common, and so strange a fact of buuiatt nature ; a good deal more of tho desire to sink others to- a low level that our faulty lives may. seem mora noble by contrast ; these are mnno of tho motives which go to mako up a pood Bcaudal-monger. How despicable ho is in lus cowardly attack you will tind it you. . bid him repeat liis calumnies before his . victim f How dangerous be is in his careless ness of truth you . would discover if ' you could traco the steps by ,.wuich on the one 8malUbo9ta of fact, is raised, the stately- superstructure of circum stantial lying.'. And;: alii (or > what mean, what lailtrjv wbafe un«Chratian -motives.! Ouo would 'almost prefer that kind of ooinmer- mi ranrtsl, directed, foebwiaeq ce—cabg at a man, a firm, an institution ; for, with all its t dishonesty and mora apparent malice, this latter has an adequate motive, an earnestness, even though it be Komewnat diabolical. Surely such things are beneath us. ! Surely, in the nanio of hmnauity, if not of Christ, wo willcast them off ! Surely there is more manliness in tho social attitude of Imtt, who near tho end of a long lifo was nblii to say 14 1 never remember to have spoken good of any man to liis face, or ovil behind his back." 1'oui. LASrtl'AOK, Of the last and worst form of degraded speech T will say little. Fowl languago bears Its own condemnation with it. Impnrity in conversation means impurity at heart. In no cose is it mnro truo than out of the abundance of thu heart tho mouth speaketh. A man nuty wrap sin iu silence; ho may keep his lips pure in spito of an impure heart ; but tho con verse dons uot hold. No one puts on an out ward somblnnco of foulness over ft heart that is clear. No ouo who realises that his body is the temple of the Holy Ghost will daro to defile it oven in speech.' Hero tho boundless power of speech over our feliows becomes of tlm doojxjst moment, thcgixvitistresiKuisibility. Here tho careless, tho unstable, tho vicious, by reckless |>cech spread moral corruption, unci endanger tho welfare of our race, l»oth for time and for eternity. " LMcssod aro tho pure in llnn.4 fnn Uiiiii uli.11 film 1 1 /vl " ' 111 flit. words thou shalt bo justified." If, then, our lives aro inqiurn tho vision of God is nut for lis, "Woo is me," said tho Prophut, " for I am undouo Itocauso I am a man of unclean lips, niul I dvvull in tho midst of n jteoplo ot uncloau li|». for inino oyes have seen tho thing, tho Lord of Hosts I" At thk Last Day. And yet there will be a day when overjr eyo shall sen Him, when wc shall bo judged with a udgmvnt that none cm dispute. Try to realise tho meaning, of that great ordeal. How wo _ depend for our happiness on tho good opinion of others. How overwhelming it is to us to bo condemned and despised by oven one, still more by any number of tlicm. If our words arc to bo heard puhliclv how careful wo arc to weigh our words; how grieved wo arc to find what we say met with disdain 'by even a few, and they not noted, it may be, for good- nosM, wisdom, or influence. How niiserahlo wo should feel to have some of our ravings repented before a mixed assemblage. How a mun's life may wither, and his soul despair, if ho is an outcast from tho approbation of Society, Think, then, of that last great day. Think of tho stupendous weight- of authority of that vast concourse— all created man, tho quick and tho dead, all the legions of angels, with their more than mortal power, knowledge and goodness. God Himself the Glorious Trinity of Power? Lovoand Wisdom ! Aro there any whose opinion is worth much to 3ou on earth ? There will bo a myriad there ; and Angels and Archangels who will bo as gods to you. And yet even this august pre sence will bo as nothing, tor you will know for the first time what it is to stand in God's immediate Presence. Cau you then picture the misery of shamo a d sclf-nbascinent that it will mean, to hear heralded to listening creation— somo typical specimens of our frequent conversations here, tho irreverent oath which tempts God's forbearance, the uncharitablo inuendo, tho cruel insinuation which, whether true or not, (mid >ou cared little which)- ruined a character'; tho coarso jest, turning into foul degredation tho holiest mysteries of humanity, which Christ has not disdained to take as the typo of Ilia union with His church. The Christian's Thayer. . Tho. thought is bc\ond our rcacli ; wo can onty picture faintly from oarthty parallela tlm unutterable desolation, tho overwhelming condemnation it will will mean. Wo can only, as wo think of it, . turn with earnest pra3cr to Christ that ho will not leave us to ourselves in tune or in ctcrmt> ; that here, in pity for our weakness, ho will set a watch before our mouth and keep tho door of our lips and that when the timo of trial is ov«r llo will take us to Hitii.tcU, with all our failures, and hido our demerits | from condemning eyes tn the robe of His all- sufficient righteousness 