PBAYEBS TOE THE DEAD. The , practice of praying for the dead, .which we admit to have been very early practised in the ancient Church, offered no. sufficient ground to support the, doc trine now held by the Church of Borne on the subject of purgatory. It is no doubt true that the doctrine of purgatory in cludes the practice of praying for the dead j but it is quiteanother and different question, whether the ancient practice of prayers for the dead necessarily included or implied the existence of purgatory. The first question is — for whom were those prayers used in the first three ceu- turies.and what was the character of them ? If we find them used for the pious and holy men whose souls, according to the belief of the universal Church, were then in heaven or paradise, such prayers obviously do not imply the existence of purgatory, and we must look for some other object in praying for the dead than a delivery of their souls from a state of suffering in any such place. It may be difficult to assign any one reason as the exclusive foundation of a practice which was not clearly referable to the Holy Scriptures; but several may be assigned, all of which seem to have conspired to foster Buch prayers, long before the period at which the doctrine of purgatory was generally believed, much less formally adopted by the Church. We shall refer to those reasons presently ; but first; in- quire, whether the prayers of the pious living were, as at present, offered up for the relief or delivery of souls requiring to be cleansed in purgatory by suffering the temporal punishment due to their sins committed in their life, or whether the spirits of the blessed (who never were supposed to pass through purgatory) were also the subject of them. Upon this question there is conclusive and most satisfactory proof in the ancient liturgies of the Church, nearly all of which pray for the holy fathers, and orthodox bishops that are dead, as well as all others who had departed this life in their communion. The Liturgies of Alexandria, of Constan tinople, of Theodorus, Nestorius, St. Basil, : St. Gregory, and St. Cyril, all pray for ; the faithful dead, and especially those of the sacerdotal order ; while that of the Church of Egypt ascribed to St. Basil, Gregory, Nazianzen, and Cyril of ; Alex andria, and that of the; . Church of Con stantinople, said to be St. Chrysostom's, include the Holy Bathers, the patriarchs, prophets, apostles) martyrs, - confessors, evangelists, and all the souls of the just who have died in the faith, especially the ever blesssed Virgin Mary, St. John tho Baptist, St. Stephen the first martyr, &c.; Surely no one can affirm that praying for any of these implied that they were cen turies after their deaths in purgatory ; and we must look for some other cause for -mentioning Ithem to those prayers. To explain this it will be necessary to state, that, in the early ages, many dfferent opinions were : held by holy men, which all conspired to encourage the ; practice of such prayers, but none oi which opinions were ever adopted into the church, and do not afford any foundation; at the present day for con tinuing such a practice. Eirst, some believed that all the dead in Christ would revive within the compass of a thousand years, some sooner, others later, according as they had lived better or worse lives on earth, and such persons indulged the hope that, by ; their prayers, they might hasten the felicity of their friends, and accordingly prayed for their speedy rising in Christ's kingdom. Others supposed that in the general conflagation of the world at the last day, all men should pass through the fire, but the better Christian any one had been, the less he would feel the torment of it, and these prayed for the dead that God would have mercy on them in that day, and not Buffer them to be burnt ; not in the fire of purgatory, but in the final conflagration at the end of the world. Others believed that the souls of just persons departed went not straight to heaven, but were, reserved in a certain place, where they earnestly expected, and continually wished for their absolute con summation with all the faithful in Christ's kingdom, and these prayed that God would give them ease, repose, and refresh ment in the bosom of Abraham, that they might, be comforted with the blessed company of the holy angelB and the vision of our Saviour Christ, till the so- much-wished-tor day of judgment should come. Others might be added, some of them fanciful enough ; but as the question is not whether the practice of praying for the dead is either innocent, laudable, or availing, but whether it necessarily in volves a belief in such a state of suffering, as purgatory is represented to be, we shall not occupy the time of our readers by a repetition of them. The Church of Eome has, long since, discontinued all such prayers for the saints and martyrs, and substituted prayers and invocations to them in lieu of prayers for them. As an example, we may mention St. Leo. In the ancient missals, the church prayed for the soul of St. Leo, which, at a later period, was changed into a prayer to God, by the intercession of St. Leo, on behalf of themselves ; thus, by their new doctrine making him an intecessor for us, who, by the old doctrine, was supposed to need our prayers to intercede for him. "Will any one say that St. Leo the Great was in purgatary during the former period, and that it was only on his escape from thence that he became an intercessor? If not, the conclusion is plain, that pray ing for the dead, according to the notions of the ancient fathers, did not imply the existence of any such place as purgatory. Aud, however ancient such practices may have been, they, so far at least, muBt be admittedto be also antiquated and obsolete, according to the- modern doctrines and practices of the Church of Eome. Those who follow the views of Dr. Newman will doubtless, say, that the true doctrine of purgatory was not then developed— but those who, in a more orthodox manner, base their creed on primitive traditions, alleged to have been handed down from the timeB of the apostles themselves, will be obliged to look for some better, proof of an universal belief in purgatory, in pri mitive times, than the practice of praying for the sainted dead in the second and third centuries. We believe that some few instances may be found in the writ ings of the early fathers,, which afford .some reason to think that they hoped some good might even be done to departed sinners by the prayers and oblations of the survivors ; but they are generally put forward rather augumentatively, aud as expressing a pious hope (which some even extend to those suffering the pain of hell), than as a settled- tenet, or doctrine of the : Catholic Church, that such prayers did - avail to relieving the departed from suffer ing, much less to relieving, or removing them from such a place as the purgatory now received in the Church of Epme. They appear to have amounted at most: to prayers, that God would forgive . them their sins, accompanied by the hope that they might impart some consolation and comfort to them, small though it . might be; and St. Gregory himself (who' at a later period gave countenance to the doc trine of purgatorial fire, and who did not ' die till a.n. .604'), teaches expressly that ."this is to be believed possible only so far as little (nay the least) sins, such : as constant idle speaking, im moderate laughter, or too great anxiety about private affairs, or in non essential matters, the error of ignorance." If prayers or masses for the dead, were now supposed to go no further .than the remission of such sins as those, we do not conceive any great confidence would be placed in them, nor any sufficient induce ment to purchase these priestly offices at so large a sacrifice as is often made to obtain them. Were we to venture a speculation upon a subject so difficult as that of tracing the origin and progress of what we deem a metaphysical and theo logical error, we should, perhaps, say, that the practice of commemorating or praying for the faithful dead, in the course of time, led pious men into praying for sinners also, in the hope, rather than the belief, that some sins might possibly be remitted after death, and that at last by degrees the notion of purgatory arose ; so that it would be more correct to say the doctrine of purgatory arose out of the practice of praying for the dead, than that prayers for the dead were founded on or originated out of the doctrine of purgatory. We do not find any of the Bathers of the firBt four centuries assert ing that there is such a place as purga tory, much less stating'that they possessed any tradition as to it, not to be found in the written Word of God; and we beg the intelligent reader to observe that we do not contend that the question is to be decided by the private opinions of the Bathers, or any of them, but that we refer to the Bathers merely as faithworthy witnesses of high character, of what was held and believed in their times or those preceding them. Where they refer to any tradition, we are willing to credit that such a tradition then prevailed, but their mere reasonings or opinions we must be allowed to take, just as Cardinal Bellarmine and other .Roman Catholic writers take them, as the reasonings and opinions of good and learned but fallible men, who not unfrequently differed con siderably from one another, more espe cially in the interpretation of the Holy Scriptures, to which, in the earliest ages they were constantly, if not exclusively, recurring as an authority. An instruct ive example may be found in the dialogues of St. Gregory the Great, in which he bases his defence of the doctrine of pur gatory, not on ancient tradition, but on a construction of the passage in Matt. xii. 31, 32, wherein it is said that blasphemy againBt the Holy Ghost shall not be for given either in this world, nor in the world to come — from which he deduces that there are some lighter sins which may be forgiven in the world to come. Had he known of an universal tradition handed down from the Apostles, is it possible that ho could have omitted to refer to it as a well- established ancient doctrine, instead of trying to account for it as a new discovery, only disclosed then because the world was near its close ? 