CHA1Tr?sXLII.-'19LT MiI BE YOUR SERVANT.' Valentine Belfleld did not go to the Great Western Hotel after he left the house in Lieeon Grove. He was too deeply agitated to go quietly back to his hotel and eat a good supper and drink a bottle of wine and go to bed and reoat. He know that sleep was Impossible, unless he could bring it about by sheer fatigue, as he had done when he walked from the Abbey to Bldeford and had slept the sleep of exhauston in the bottom of the little sailing boat. His only chance to-night was to walk down the devil of restleaseuos that was in him; so he turned his faIc north ward and walked to Hampatead, and then struck off towards Finchley and Hlendon and roamed about among tiolde and lanes all night, and at seven o'clock, breakfasted at a little public-house by the side of a canel, somewherobetween Finchley read and Ohild'o Hill. It was a house chiefly affleted by bargemen, and nobody took any partieular notice of him, the barmaid merely remarking that in all probability he was n swell who had been on the drink l.st night, and hal been walking about to sober himself. HPi was sober enough this morning evidently. and was proof ogainst all the barmaid's blandish. mente, though she had taken the trouble to take her hair out of papers before she carried him hie breakfast of eggs and bacon and strong tea. He had eaten nothing yesterday except the dainty little plate of broad and butter supplied by Madge, and he was faint and sick from the unaaaustoured fast. He ofell asleep by the fire in the publio. house parlour, slept through the entranoe? and exists of several relays of bargemen, elept amidot the odour of beer and the jingle of pewterpots, dozed on till the afternoon and then paid his score and went away. He made his way across the fields to the Edgware road and thence to Lieson Grove, where he went into a slopsoller's shop and bought a oompleto suit of such e:othae as Sare worn by the lower order of working men \--an Oxford shirt, corduroy trousers, fustian jacket, and hob.nailed boots. He changed his alothes on the premises, and re appeared in Lleson Grovo in corduroy and fustian, leaving his own things to be kept till called for. The shopman wondered not a little at this tran eformation. It's a lark, sir, I suppose ?' he said. SYes, it's a lark,' answered Mr. BIlfield, ashe walked out of the shop, 'Well, I must say that I never laid eyes on a less larky-looking Sent to be up to suchb a move as that,' said the young Israelite, to his fellow shopman, as he put Mr. Belfiold's clothes away. ' There's a lady at the bottom of it, I make no doubt, Benjamin,' replied the other, die missing the subject, which remark wees more accurate than speculative observations are wont to be. It was dual when Mr. Belfleld rang the ball at the Folorn Hope. Madge opened the doer and did not recognise him, as he stood facing her silently, with his back to the light What do you want, my good ean 7' 'I want to be your servant, as I told you last night.' '.Mr. Belfield, why are you still banging about here 2' cried Madge, in an agonised tone. ' Thleis sheer madness.' ' I believe It is next dorr to madness,' answered Valentineo, following her into the parlour, ' but it is madness that only you can curs. There's no use in my going abroad, Medge, without you. I should only carry my guilty conscience and my pniery with me, go where I might-Africa, Asia, the North Pole-it would be all the same to me. There is no place so strange, no life sno wild and full of danger, excitement, oceupa. tion, that would make me forget, so long as I were alone. You have the power to com fort me. You have tbohe power to lay the ghost that haunts me. You alone can tell me that I have repented and have expiated my sin. You have the faith that moves mountains, and by your faith I may be saved. LEavo me to myself and I sball perish inevitably. There is no help, no cure, but through you.' 'You are mad,' she said. ' Yes, it is all madness. I have a good work to do here, and Icannot leave it.' ' Let me stay hero then, and work for you That Is what 1 have come for-to be your drudge, yourelavo; to be what Caliban was to Prospero. I am dressed for the part, you see. You will find how handy I can ma.e myself, cleaning windows and scrubbing fisgetonee, doing work that you and the sisters cannot do, with all your willingness to toil. And in bad eases, when a patient wants watching at night, I can do my part as a watch'dog. You don't know what I I on be t:ncr your tractelrmicg p°oLr. Madge, I have no friend i tthe world but I you.' ' You have your mother, a nearer and dearer friend.' ' No. To my mother my life has leon a lie. She only is my friend who knows my sin and my repenrtanee. Lt me stay here, Miadge, and when I leave Ihe country go with me as my guardian angel and my wife Test the trth of my repentance, if you will, before you trust me. See how changed a creature I Lave hoeome. How all that is vilest in my nature has been purged oat of it by the horror of my secret ein. Test me to the uttermost as your servant, before you nooopt me as your husband.' Madge began to waver. He who wao pleadlng to her knew not how urgently her own heart was pleading for him, how fondly sho Irred him even in his degradation, stained with the shedding of blood. SI believe it would be for your own safety to leave England instantly,' she said. * There is no knowing when danger may arise, but if you ure bent upon slaying in this honeuse andhelping ns in our work, I will tolk to the sinters and see what can be done 0 zr fortnightly committee meeting will be held to-morrow afternoon, and moat of the slsters will be here. It they nonsent to your being employed here-as a servant -I have no objeotion. There is a little room on this flunr at the end of the parssage, whiob you might have as a bedroom. It is small and rather dark, but ist l dry and well ventilated.' ' Give me any den, any cell,' said Valen tine. 'Do yoen think I care how I am lodged. I want to be near you, Madge. I want to feel the support of your presence. That is all I ask.' 'You must not call me Madge here. I am Sister Margaret.' SYou shall be Sister Margaret, until you are wife Margaret. And now order me about let me begin my slavery, Give me any work there is to be done.' ' I don't think there in anything you can do to-night, but you shall olean all the windows to-morrow, if you like. Our windows have always been an afllitolon to me. We have done our best, but women are not good as window-cleanres. To-night you can take a holiday, but on future eventinge we can give you some pen manship to do for us-letters to charitable people who help ne. What must we call you, by-the- bye? You have a sooeond Obhrietian name, I think.' ' Yes. I was christened John Valentine, but I was always oalled by the second name, because my mother preloferred it.' SThen here we will call you John.' She began to prepare the tea. as she had done on the previous evening, and two of the cisters came in to fetch the trays for their patients. One was no elderly woman, the other a girl of two-end.twenty, a pale, gentle looking creature, with a wistful exproselson in her large, blue eyes. Madge introduced Valentino to them ne Mr. John, a person who in the outride world had been a gentleman, but who had offered himself to them as a servant, 'If all the sisters approve, I think we may keep him hero and find him very useful,' she said. 'In the ?anntimo he will stay here for to-night, and he can help you both in carrying round the coal-souttles after tea.' Sister Agnes, the fair girl, eat down to tea with Msdge and Valentine. She had a slightly nervous manner, and spoke rarely, but Valentino was interested in her up. pearanee, and inquired her history by-and bye, when she had gone back to her duties on the upper floor, l Her'e is a sad story. She belongs to very rioh people, and three years ago her life was a round of gaiety. She fell in love with an army doctor, and her family were all opposed to the matob, and made her break off her engagement. He wont to Egypt and wee killed in tih Soudan. She heard ot his death unexpe?tedly from her partner at a daeoo, and for six months after wards she was out of her mind. When she recovered, nothing would induon her to resume her old life of fineo lothes and parties, nothing would indueoo her to hear of another lover. She devotee bhr ife to charitable work, and all the money her father gives her is given to the poor. Ite is very liberal to her, although he disapproves of her way of life. She spendyi only one day of every week in this house, but she works for us out of doors, going about the streets at night, and talking to wretched women whom feow girls of her age would have the courage to approach. Thei fragilo-lookinog woman has peretrated the darkest alleys about Clare Market, the most dangeroos streels in Rlatolilf H1ghway, where even the polioo go at the risk of their lives. She has never suffered any harm, has hardly ever been in sulted by a coarse word. She bus done more good than any other member of our sister nood, although all have worked well,' 'She can take your placeo when you have gone to the other side of tho world, Madge.' Madgo shook her head weth a sweet, serious look, full of tenderness, I shall never leave my work, Mr. BeolGild. I have giren myself to it as muot as it I had taken a vow. I am very sorry for you. I would do much to befriend you or to be of use to you, but I nave put mny hand to the plough, and I shall never take it away.' Valentine got up and began to pace the room, fuming. It is madness,' he exolaimed; ' a woman's craze. Only a woman would ever thick of such a thing. Are there not hospitals for sink women ?' ' There are hospitals for disease, but there are no hospitals for tuoo weak and ailing ; there are very few refugee for fainotng sinners. There are plenty of orphanages for the spotless children, but there are few havens for the girls lost in the dawn of girlhood. Chbrit loved the tnooent children, and called them to his knees ; but he had Inexhaustible pity for the fallen women.' 'So be it, You have set she ball rolling. You have begun the work. Others can oarry it on.' ' I will not leave it to others.' ' You can continue your good work in the Antipodes. You will find sin in the new world as well as in the old. There is no colony so reoently founded that Batan has not helped to people it. Come, Madgeo, be reasonable. Three years ago you spurned me bsoaeuso I dared to approaoh you as a seducer. You did well, and I deserved your contempt. Now I come to you to all bonour; I ,.ter you all I have to give-my name, my life, my fortune, aunh as It is. I amto inherit all my mother's property, and I shall not be a poormen I come to you with a blemished life. stained with one hour of darkest eia. But I am not altogether vile. I have repented that fatal hour in the lone agony of months. I shall repent it all my lsfe. Only you can make that life tolerable; only you tin heal my wounds, Bae my wife, Madge; take me with all my sins.' She held out baher hand to him asheetopped in hsle paoing to and fro, and they remained for some moments silent, with clasped hands, he looking down at her, his eyes kindliag ashe looked; she very pale and her lips slightly tremulous. ' You love mo, Madge,' he said breath lonely; 'you can forgot all for my sake.' 'I am very sorry for you,' she answered solftly, 'but i have done with individual love. Ihave given my heart and life to my sorrowing elaters.' ' It ia a cruzn, M?:dge ; I scy again it is a orane.' ' Yon have not seen the good done- you bare not seen the altered faces. There are women now Iu happy honest homes whom we have picked up out of the gutter. If you were to soee one young wife I know of. with her husband and her baby, you would not believe there had ever been a stain on her lifo. He took her, knowing what her past had been, and he has oherlibod her as a pearl of price. These are rare cases; but they are bright spots whloh cheeoor us and help us on ward through many a dark night.' ' Well, you are resolute, I euppose. You will go on helping strangers, and you will abandon mu to my fate.' ' I do not abandon you. I will do any thing in my power to help yen, short of sacrificinog duty for your sake. I think you are very unwise to loiter here when you ought to be gettling far away from England, ,.oing y ,ur ldrutity in a attange world Your wife's relatto , will not be Paiesfld for ever without cer:aiu knowledgae l her ate An investigation may be set ou fool at any moment, and the truth may be brought to light. You should be oto of the wa) before that oto happen.' 'I toll you I do not value my life unleps you will shoro it I would ralher stay here and clean windows, than riot in luxury at she Antipodes.' Madge answered nothing. She left the hopeleseness of the situation. Ioe had ohoeeu to come there, and she had not denied him shelter. 8he had taken upon herself in some wise the responsibslity of his existence, since she had spoken of him to the flieters; and now she felt that his proseece there would to a constant cource of anxiety and mental disturbance, Sbe would have to be per petually on her guard, for ever denying a love which was the atrongset passion of her life. It had been in her despait as reuigning him that she had gone upon her mission to her mother. All that she had done fur others had bean the onashoot of her despair. Ing love for him. And now he ollred him. self to her In honour, sod she refused him. ' If I give way to his fancy, he will forgoet all the past, and his repentance will become a mookery,' ahe said to herself. 'I cannot stand in the plianof his dead wife. Ioannot profit by his orime. How could I ever be at peace, remembering that II was murder that set him free to be my husbard ?' (TO BF CONTINUED) 