THE EXCOMMUNICATION OF FATHER M'GLYNN. TEXT OF THE PAPAL BULL. The Dublin Evening Mail has published, from a Philadelphia paper just received, the text of the bull of excommunication, which the American organ states has been issued against Dr. Edward M'Glynn, the late pastor of St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Church, New York, which document, it adds, has never been published before, and is taken from the regular document issued from Rome. In this, however, our contemporary is mistaken. The bull has been frequently published. The following is the text:— " By the authority of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and of the undefiled Virgin Mary, mother and patroness of Our Saviour, and of all the celestial virtues, angels, archangels, thrones, dominions, powers, cherubim,"seraphim, and of all the holy patriarchs and prophets, and of all the apostles and evangelists, and of the holy innocents who in the sight of the Holy Lamb are found worthy to sing the new song of the holy martyrs and holy confessors, and of the holy virgins and of all the saints, together with the holy and elect of God. We excommunicate and anathematise this malefactor, Edward M'Glynn, and from the thresholds of the Holy Church of God Almighty, we sequester him, that he may be tormented,disposed, and delivered over with Dathan and Abiram, and with those who say unto the Lord God, " Depart from us, we desire none of Thy ways." And as fire is quenched with water, so let the light of him be put out for evermore, unless he shall repent and make satisfaction. Amen. May the Father, who created man, curse him. May the Son, who suffered for us, curse him. May the Holy Ghost, who was given to us in baptism, curse him. May the holy cross, which Christ for our salvation triumphing over His enemies ascended, curse him. May the Holy and Eternal Virgin Mary, Mother of God, May curse St. him. Michael, the advocate of holy souls, curse May all the angels and archangels, principalities and powers, and all the heavenly armies, curse him. May the praiseworthy multitude of Patriarchs and Prophets, curse him. . May St. John the Precursor, St. John the Divine, and St. Peter and St. Paul, and St. Andrew and all other Christ's Apostles together, curse him. And may the rest of His disciples, and the four evangelists, who by their preaching converted the universal world, and may the holy and wonderful company of Martyrs and Confessors, who by their holy work are found pleasing to God Almighty, curse him. May the Holy Choir of the Holy Virgins, who for the honor of Christ have despised the things of the world curse him. May all the Saints, who from the beginning of the world to everlasting ages are found to be beloved of God, curse him. May the heavens and earth, and all the holy things remaining therein, curse him. May he be cursed wherever he be, whether in the house or the stables, the garden or the field, or the highway, or in the path, or in the wood, or in the water or in the church. May he be cursed in living, in dying, in eating and drinking, in being hungry, in being thirsty, in fasting, in sleeping, in slumbering, in waking, in walking, in standing, in sitting, in lying, in working, in resting, and in blood-letting. May he be cursed in all the faculties of his body. May he be cursed inwardly and outwardly, may he cursed in the hair of his head, may he be cursed in his brains, and in his vertex, in his temples, in his forehead, in his ears, in his eyebrows, in his cheeks, in his jawbones, in his nostrils, in his foreteeth and grinders, in his lips, in his throat, in his shoulders, in his arms, in his hands, in his fingers, in his mouth, in his breast, in his heart and purtenance, and in his bottomqst stomach, in his veins, and in his groin, in his thighs, in his hips, and in his knees, his legs, and feet and toe nails. May he be cursed in all the joints and articulations of his members from the top of his head to the sole of his foot. May there be ho soundness in him. May the Son of the Living God, with all the glory of His Majesty, curse him : and may heaven, with all the powers that move therein, rise up against him and damn him, unless he repent and make satisfaction. Amen— so be it— Amen." 