fllMscellaneous* Feats Of Jockeys—Frank Butler re marked, after one of his races for the Derby, thathe could have won on either of the first three horses. I do not know who the other two jockeys that opposed -him were, but I can quite understand the thing being fea sible. Two men had ridden their own hoi'ses in a race. After it was over, the' winner, who only pained the vcrdict by a head, said to liis opponent,— '•Now, if vou like, I will change horses^ and run for the same amount again,' weights aud distances as before/' • This, the otiier jumped at,, and, after, due titne. ifc was run off, .when, to his uttefJ* as-" xomshraent, the loser of the first face" was asairi beateii, and the losing horse success ful. : Many instances are to be readof where jockeys, after winning a riace or match, have persuaded some friend or master to buy the horse jfchat was'opposed to them and make a matcji with the winner, in which case the reBali'has been reversed. The u Draid" records one or two instances in which the Chifneys accomplished feats of this sort. Of course, sometimes it may happen, from their jioit considering the beaten horse quite up to the mark at "-the time he ran; but it is recorded also that, in well known cases, they have seen, that he has not been so handled as. to make the inost of him. A Curious Custom.—It is well known that,in the olden times many holiday diver s*?ns.' an<^ even occasional fairs, w6re held within the precincts of English parish churches. For instance, in the registers at Winchester there is to be seen a copy of a mandate from William.of Wykeham' which. forbids the celebration of games in the church. and the churchyard of Kingston-on-Thames., It would appear, however, that even this strong measure did not prevent, the practice' of an ancient custom, of which little or no thing .is known, except that it is thought to have been peculiar to Kingston, but which was carried on in the church itself .during■ divine service down to the beginning of this century. The congregation used to crack; nuts during the service on the Sunday before the eve of St. Michael's Day. Hence that Sunday ' was called " Crack- nut Sunday." jThe custom was not restrained nor confined to the younger branches of the congregation, bat practised alike by young and old *, and it is on record that the noise caused by the cracking was often so. loud and so powerful as to oblige the minister to break up for a time his reading or his sermon until silence "was restored. The above custom was thought by one. of two antiquarians to have been connected in some way or. other with the choosing of bailiffs or other members of the corporate body on Michaelmas day, and was the usual feast which attended that proceed ing. : " When the Brains are Out "—Two re markable and. wonderful eases of recoverv from bullet wounds have lately taken place in London. In one case, that of a girl who was shot by her lover, the bullet;is deeply imbedded in the head, too deep to admit of any operation; yet the patient has been dis charged from the hospital, convalescent. The other case was one of attempted suicide, the sufferer having shot himself-in . the head with a revolver. In this case, too, the bullet is still in the brain, and in such a position as to prevent the operation of "ektracti#B. In spite of this, the patient has been discharged from hospital care, and it is said that he suf fers no inconvenience from the consequence of his jrash act. A curious coincidence in connection with these cases.is that both shots were fired on the same day, the nineteenth of Jane, and that both cases were treated in the London Hospital. "" The times have been," says Shakespeare, "that when the brains were out, the man would die." The poet puts these words into the mouth of Macbeth, when that wicked king sees the ghost of the murdered Banquo lise before him. In the case just cited we have a reality which no poet could equal in romance. People walking about in the flesh with bullets in their brains are certainly far more wonderful things than spectres. These marvellous recoveries from what, a few years ago, would have meant certain death, must be credited to surgical skill and the modern antiseptic method of treating wotmds. Tragic Use of a Telephone—If we are to'believe a story told by the Belgian corres-. pondent of the Figaro,• the telephone has re cently been.put upon novel duty in Brussels under .'circumstances of an extremely tragic character. A young lady of that city mis took, it appears, the civilities of a young man who visited at her parent's house for atten tions of a more serious nature. To her great surprise and mortification, however, she learned some little time ago that he was en gaged to one . of her friends. Shortly after -she made the discovery the young man. re ceived a summons to place himself in tele phonic rapport with a frieijd who had some thing to say to him. The friend turned out to be the young lady who loved him not wisely but, as the sequel shows, too well. Without wasting time on preliminaries, she asked him point-blank if it was true that he was going to marry Mademoiselle 1 He replied that it was quite true. " Then good-bye for ever," were the next words which reached his ears, and they were imme diately followed by the report of a fire arm. The poor girl had lodged a revolver bullet in her heart. She had thus, with the aid of the telephone, made the man for whom she had sacrificed herself assist at her suicide, while putting it absolutely out of his power to do do anything to prevent it. A Dream Saves a Dog.^There was great rejoicing in a certain household in the town of A one morning over the restora tion of a pet dog. The dog had been miss ing for three weeks, and even a three-line advertisement in the local papers failed to discover his whereabouts. The owner was plunged in grief at the unaccountable disap pearance of Dot. and was nearly prepared to suspect-the neighbors of foul play. It also worried the almost life-long employee of the family, and one night his sleep was troubled by dreams in which he constantly saw the missing dog. in an old, unused cell, partly filled'up-with dirt and ashes, beneath the side piazza. He was so deeply impressed by the dream that he was unable to sleep after midnight, and at six o'clock the next morning the household was startled by the sound of loud hammering on the side piazza. The man was removing the flooring, and, sure enough, when the well was exposed to view, there was the missing dog, alive and well, and overjoyed at the prospect of libera tion. Although confined three weeks in this narrrow prison, without food or water, and air not of the purest, Dot seemed as lively as ever, with no appearance of ema ciation. A Wonderful City—The city of London is the most, wonderful place .in the whole world, and its frequenters the most wonder ful people. -It-is; the smallest-of cities, but. the most valuable. It has an. area of- one square mile, bui ^hat'oiie:squar6 mile pro duces a rental Hi four mUlionsfper annum,and its .inhabitants pay one-seventh of the general rates, of-the -w.hole Metropolis,- which has an area of one hundred - and twenty square, miles. Land is now sometimes sold in- the country at about ten pounds per acre, which ;is equal to a halfpenny per square yard. It has been sold in the city at six hundred and forty pounds per square yard. In other words, the price af a square yard of land in Lombard street has realized a sum that wonld1 purchase a nice little freehold es tate in Berkshire of si sty-four acres. It'is' calculated that ten thousand people enter the city' daily, Sundays excepted, in hope of making money without " tailing or spin ning." "535 