TT7EF GOSSIP. Bl A.UGDB. Fortune often smiles upon. Mr. John Mayo at Hawkeabory. The astute northern turfite makes few mistakes, and. when he brings anything south and backs it he is always worth following. No man trains his horses better, and their condition when they go to the post is a treat to look at. He missed the llowiey Mile only through his horse not getting well away* bat Stanley made amends by cleverly whining the Hawkeabury Handi cap. Stanley was bred by Mr. D. F. Mackay. a breeder who resides north of the MgiUnna district, and be is by the imported horse Grandmaster from Psyche, by Maribyrnong from Hebe, by Kingston from The Cripple, a descendant of the Steel trap mare whose name appears in the pedigrees of many of the good performers of New South Wales. Frisco ran a good little horse, and Sorella managed to gain a. situation, bat Honeydew, who started a red-hot favourite, was one of the first beaten, through being ran on to the rails, and Power, who was riding him, nar rowly escaped a serious injury. As it was, the Victorian jockey had his foot bruised. My selection, The Nun, fell, and as the horses galloped over FiikLes, it was thought be would be killed, but I'm glad; to -say that he escaped miraculously. The Wreck grievously disappointed his party, who be lieved him to be^qvtal to the occasion, bat once more he ran like a rogue, and nobody will care to trait . him again. FoiJy was another who did not run up to the expectations of her friends, though she sub. sequently came out and won the last race of the day, just as she had done on the first day. The Nun's moaiortune was only another slice of tite ill lack which has stuck so pertinaci ously to the Kingston stable during the sea son. Possibly Me. Robertson and his friends may have a torn ere the season doses. Eibank, who won the Selling Plate, was foaled to Australian time, but he is by the English horse Exmiasterfrom the imported mare Banksia. Sentence, who won the Shorts Handicap, and Goldlake, who won the Dsposal Plate, started favourites for their respective races, so that the fielders had all the worst oi the battle with the public on the second day. The weather was terribly hot, bat there was a eood attendance, and the meeting was successful from every point of view. If the summer came in with the meekness I of a-lamb in December it certainly went out with all the ferocity of a lion on Saturday j last. Fancy a hot wind blowing in April, and rendering everything dirty and uncom-? fortable by its vagaries. As a rule, when the dast fiend takes; possession of the city one journeys to Moonee Valley to escape from his octopus-like grasp, but on Saturday he asserted himself even there, though it was owing to the proprietor having made a lot of mew ground and top-dressed the paddock that the dust and straw flew about so freely; hat there was the cfcnasolation that when the rain came MooneeVaHey would be greatly im proved by tkcMtentionde voted to it by Mr. Cox. It was pleasant to hear from him thatbe had determined to praam* aU fines imposed upon jockeys to the V. &G.; Jockeys' Fund, and as other clubs are doing the Bama there will be a goodly surato riwefrnny calf bf an injured or distressed jockey* There was some good taring, though I'vtsfieea bfetter at the valley. The beat petFormer 'of the'day was, Julian Gray, a smalt bnt very powerful and compact colt by Julian. A veuel from Mary Gladstone. He won the Trial Stakeseasily enonsh, but h -was.-in the Autumn* Handicap tihat he figured tb most advantage, for in that he met some tairp&fra;&Qkolaer; than himself, but. be beat them.from.the fall of the Hag, and {tattooed: in<aBcbaftrie that I believe we shall seehim sqme- day-returned the winner of a much mace important event. The double victor}" was ≪ thfe mote Ratifying to Mr. Harper because lie had bred the colt him self* sad when one analyses his pedigree he discovers that there is every reason why he should be m racehorse, for his dam is fay Yattendon from Ellen Tree, by Jersey from Mirror, by St Hercules, and is nearly full sister in blood; to kelson's dam, My Idea, who is by Yatteadan from Ladybird, by Boiardo from i&CTOtjfey; Sir Hercules. Mun wyrtinarattreepfccteblyin the April Handi cap and Autonra'Handicap, winning the first and rnnnhig secOntf tor the other, but in the former, if Margcosejiad had the slightest T)it of lucl^- be wohld ham be^ten him. -Every body was glad tosea fi» veteran tcainer.Dan Robinson win- the Seiliag Hurdle Bscs with Land Shark, and' his sen, who bought the winner, will probntrty fake him to India. Sorcerer, nrfae Is* mT at home ovff llalf a mile, wop - *|eUihg. I}a0i, made the heartof .Mr...Cox wad by realising lt5 sovs., aad ashe bad been en tered to-be sold ,fot niZj -thia was a very wel come " crasMhfr'Vfoir tfre proprietor of the conrae. ~Ne£d'l#& that & smile of intense satisfaction iHuifiina'tieii. his face when Mr. Yqiilepiiae^t&ebuiirireicl;? Sirocco won the Vineyard Handicap.bo easily as to favour the belief grades Foulsham once declared, he\was,- Ttrlly had him in &nn;, 8ttd^^lLjroufig trainer seems to ^ ± jrcgnsasiug ? wt&a;&iisfactoriJy.; Three iorses in this nu» disappointed megreatly.1 were Mteuotti, Damocles, and All Black,, not one .of whom gained a place. AIL Black was yerrJ»ctiOT& the post, and M^ootti was b^cd iiL Ki|Bifatibn before the flag fell, and l«for*. tIwiial gone » mile the two colta aegeheatonsna'thefillyran last nearly ail thews*. « ! 8evetal: of wr urates riders have ex pressed aatoniiftMffifc at thejibolition of the j forinthina Qiir.,' " JheiV.ILCl, and there! sqsms- to be a generalopiniou tliat the lead ing. club.has.committed' a blunder in thus ignoring tiienan<-pr«f0ewonal element. I can hardly nnderstaw^tha Victoria Racing Club showing the ^examjrttV^bat it is to beiioped the Vu&tiaA;'ouft^Turf CI Obwill notfol* low. it' ..At Elstemwick- park and Moonee Valleyi aiaO, t Imps to . me £hs amateurs encouraged. It wa? thocucht that the V. BiC. would have krtrotnrcefl1 a': race in which the Sotapetiton Bhauiil M fiiddep. by lflds who ^ad n^rcr w$n'^yE&^ I^j^ommend this \- The nmning .of .. Trenton . *ncL- Abercom; ^^M^e%'^MMdi(£BBiB oas of the most tviP 'Tpnj-1 winner Kettledrum. Mr. Wlritei 4«p'ayCd Boundjudgment In purchasing Cinnamon. ' I anppoae some peoplewill declare itWaJucfer but in buying the' filly Mr. White, who ,ifl stickler for running blood, remembered tttat' bet ancestress Hybla had won an English Derby, and that ner granddatn Clove had produced an Australian Derby winner. It is a moat extraordinary fact, however, that Cbester bas not yet given na a single son or daughter who can. star a distance, and I'm curious to see how Abercorn will shape when he dons silk for the A.J.C. Derby. He is built like a stayer, and certainly he is bred like one, that dash of Sweetmeat which he gets through Clove being all in his favour, hut still we have the indisputable fact before as that no descendant of Chester's has yet scored a win in any long race of im portance. Those who believe that he is to be the progenitor of non-stayers prophesy that as next season Mr. White will have to depend upon bis Cheaters, his star will be on the wane, as the Derhys, Champion Stakes, and Australian Cups are not likely to be annexed by anything got by Chester; but Trident may still be in the ascendant, and if so, this great son of Robinson Crusoe will carry the blue and white bauner with credit in the Champion Stakes at all events, and it is just possible that Ahercorn or some other Chester may be found capable of holding his own in the Derbys.&c.; Mr. Whitehaswonthe Hawkcsbury Claret Stakes five years in suc cession; having appropriated it first with Aberfoyle in 1833, then with'^Bargo, Uralla, Acme, and Abercorn, Tom Hales having piloted the last-named, four. The Tasmanian Racing Club -bas issued a good programme ior the 21st of June. It opens'feitha Handicap Trot, after which comes a Hurdle Race of 60 sova, and third on the list is the Jubilee, Cup, of 1G0 bo vs., a handicap^ one mite and a quarter and b distance. The other events are the Anniver sary'Steeplechase, of 70 sotfe ; Flying Handi cap, of 30 sovs.; and Free HandicaD, of 20 SGVB. Entries dose on Wednesday, JuneL The. New. Zealand horse Musk Rose bas been placed- in the hands of Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. for sale. A better bred horse there is not in the Stud Book. He is by Musket from the imported mare Rosette, by the English Derby winner Lord Lyon from Rouge' Rose, dam of the English Derby winner Bend Or, sire of the English Derby winner Ormonde. He is a strong, muscular colt, with a deal of the Musket character about him,. and with such a pedigree as he possesses he ought to make a useful sire. .Last week, in referring to Mr. R J. Hunter's shipment of .horses arriving safely in India, I should iiave .mentioned that it was the steam ship Bucephalus, not the Balclutha, that conveyed them there. The Australian Jockey Club meeting com mences to-day, and though the St, Leger has been reduced to a certainty for Trident, there id every prospect of good sport in the other e.veptBV As I intend to wire my id?aa of the probabilities from Sydney, I shall say nothing further here respecting them. The secretaiy of the Northern Hunt Club, 1?.S.W., has forwarded me a copy of the re port for the past season, in which the com mittee" regret that they cannot refer to the financial position of the club as favourably as they have done in previous reports. At the close of the year there was an overdraft of £112 lis. 5d., which was attributed chiefly to the non-success of the race meeting held at Rutherford, .and also to the falling off of members' subscriptions, which have been decreasing since the year 1884 With regret and reluctance the committee recommend the advisability of not continuing the Northern Hunt Club, and a meeting was called to con sider the matter. Elsteruwick-park will be the- attraction to day Jor'Easter holiday folks. The Card, is of the usual varied character, including trotting, hurdle-racing, steeplecbasing, and three events ob the flat Dealing briefly with the principal items, \ think Louia or Spartan should win the Hurdle .Race, Misfortune or Banker the Steeplechase, Honors or DeUunia the Easter Handieap, and Lara or &g;£tba the Elatern wick-p&rk; Handicap. ' Umbra was struck oat of the Easter Handi cap at Elatern wick-park when the weights appeared. The general entries for the Balranald races close to-day. Althougn the entries for the Easter Mon day's meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club were nojb by any means numerous, there will doubtless, be a good muster at Dowling Forest! The Hurdle Race looks a good thing for Ace, whilst the Steeplechase should be appropriated by Promotion, and Princess Alice has a chance for the Easter Handicap. Special trains are to ran from Ballarat to the raiceeourse at 11 a.m., 12.5, 12.25, L0, and L35p.m., returning at 10 minutes intervals from 5.-15 till 5.45 p.m. Euchre was struck out of the Steeplechase, last Monday. The general entries tor Hamiltoniclose next Tuesday. The Coleraine acceptances are to be de clared on Tuesday, the 12th inst There will be racing at Dargalong and Yan Yean on Easter Monday. Ballarat races over on Monday, many of the visitors, will hie themselves westwards to Hamilton, where the annual meeting takes place on Wednesday and Thursday. On the first day I shall rely on Whalebone or Star for the Hurdle Race. The Cap looks like producing & decent field, and my fancy ia Ocean,. Marque, or Fernlea. Marqoe is moat attractive for the Bracelet, and Town Moor -for the Flying Handicap. ? The two principal events for the second day for which the weights are available are the Racing Club Handicap and the Steeplechase. The former may be won br The Andes or fair Saxon," and the latter by Spangfe. for the meeting of the Wyndham Racing dub, -on thfr 89th mst:-Flying Handi cap, of 40 sovs., half' a taile; Mam bourin Handicap, of 77 soya., one mile: HucdleRace, of40 sova.nbrmt one roile aha j a half; Sejtung Stakea. of 40 sova., five far- , longs; Shire- Handicap, of 50eov&, three quarters of a mile: District Plate, of 20 sovs, for horses th6 torn-fide property otiesidents in the Uhire bf Wyndham for three months before^ race^" Entries for the'above events ateduelat the V.R.C. office ana Clab Hotel, Wyadham, on Monday, 18th inst . -The date fixeS for the' meeting, is the same av Mr. A. P. Brsdshaw's' new venture -at Mordialtac. 1 believe the latter annoancfement was first out ?' ::.???? The Tallarook Turf Club principal handi caps close nextTuesday., 'Mfembera *t>£ the IVarriJambool' Amateur Turf Club are reminded that entries close next Taesd&Jfef; tbft'Torf JCldB; Plate and HlUdlQ JtftCQ.: ' n. . pcfceptaopfg m hliVfe; ittrtafcemeettoi on the 2l»tofdozen ffemi Handifeap and Pony Race, clow "vfcUMf secretaiy. ,nT. day'eMfcrtTOra the SlltAptllj t#featary, he will have anoflier day's ~ ext, April 14, at 4 p.m. There __ -, the first being a Maiden; Hate SfloO^ febvs., which is folk)wed by a Hurdle ifetosof SObotsu Anniversary Handicap of 60 Bora»r Selling Race of 50 son., and Eight Hoars Handicap of 75 SOTS. Mr. Bradshwr has issaei a very nice little programme for the *39fcb ApriL It contains the Trial Stokes ot 29 eov».. in which (he competitors will cany special weight*; and next to this cornea a Hurdle Race of SO awvs Third on the list is the RichfieM Stakes of 30 sov8.| five furlongs; and this will show what an excellent coarse Mr. Br&dshaw; has at Richfield, for this race will be ran up the straight A Selling llace of 40 so vs., and the MordiaUoc Handicap of 40 SOTS., follow; and the wind-up will be the Youthful Sta&es; of 20 sovs., For two year olds. Entries close at the V. A.T.C. office, on Monday, April 25. Un fortunately the Wyndham executive hove chosen the very same day. The racing men whom I hare come in contact with since the appearance of the V.R.C. programme bubble over with glee at so munificent a production. There may be one or two defects, but taken as a whole it cannot be beaten in the world. It is only just to the members of the Bub-committee ap pointed to frame the programme to say that they were strongly in fa vour of a fourth day being introduced to the Autumn Meeting, but as tlicy had received no instructions they con sidered' that they could do nothing until they had consulted the committee as a whole, and when thej did the extra day was carried unanimously. Ringmaster, Boz, and The Levite are amongst this Week's departures for Sydney. Mr. Harrie Smith has had the misfortune to lose his colt by Savanaka-Blonde. On Tuesday last the youngster was being cast for the pttrposea of castration, when he broke a leg and had to be destroyed. Mr. El worthy w over from Adelaide He says that the Morphetville foals are a fine rot, the young JieckerBRataespecially being promis ing. Meg Mcrrilies has a good-looking fulf brother to Madtie&na;, and several of the best mares, soeb a» Perad venture, Queen- oi Naples, Jessica, and others, are tending foals by tlie now celebrated young sire. ' Mr. El worthy was at Messrs. Yuille's Bale on 'l uesday, with the object of buying Robinson Crusoe and Cocoaaut. The winter meeting of the Eciraca. Racing Club has been fixed for the 27th ot July. " Pegasus,"ot the Queoislander, says" I only referred briefly to the Q.T.C. nomina tions last week. It is quite a pleasing novelty to see the names: of BO many horses from the Southern coloniea, I only hope a large majority of those entered will come to tne post, for soch an accession must greatly im? prove our racing by breaking up the little cliques that have had matters their own way far too long. The crucial point will of course be the handicapping, and on this point I would suggest to the committee that the Southern horses should be handicapped, say, by Mr. Sc&rc;, and our own horeefc'bf the committee or whom they may appoint* By this means the ojerits of the tw» different sets of horses would be fairly estimated, and the well-known difference ~between -Quema land and Southern form ehoiaki enable the committee to combine the two into one fair handicap. Unless something of this sort ia done, I am alraid tliat the adjustment? of weights for hors& of socli different calibre will be found a very 'serions difficulty." Robinson Crusoe and Cocoanut have at last feuad new lipmes, and both Mr. John Ccosier and the Hon. W. Pearson ace to be.congtatn lated on their pnrchspei Finding that Rose of Denmark1 was a dose companion to Cocoa nut, Mr. Pearson considerately secured the old daughter of Stoekwelt, so that the two matrons will not be separated. ' The Randwick gates and booths for the autumn meeting were sold on Tueeday last for £3,690, Which is an increase of £735 ores lastyeax. Danlop has proved a very unprofitable investment for Mr. Donovan, of the Pastoral Hotel The eon of Neckersgat went lame previous to the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. He has since then been treated to a apell of blistering and bathing at Brighton ; but it seems doubtful whether-he will ever come back to'his old form. ^ TheV.RCT. committee onTuesday last dia qaalified John M&roney; for.life, .tor using abusive and insulting fangnage to tfaa stewards of-the East Charlton and Lower Avoca Tnrf . Clnb races on New Year's Day. 1L M'Kay was also suspended for 12 months, on thejponnd of suspicions, riding at the Mostyn races on the 23rd of March.; likewise J. Sutherland and the mare Molly, for 12 months, for weighing out and not starting at the Romsey races, an the 24th nit. Messrs. J. IL Want and L. J. Harnett have heen elected- members of the Australian JockeyClub Committee, in the room of Mr. W. R. Hall, now in England (resigned), and Mr. H. "C. Dangar (deceased). J.Mannion's disqualification by the Ballan Jockey Clnb has, on the recommendation o! the latter body, been removed by the V,R»C. tvimmifctae. The handicaps for the Easter Monday meet ing of -the Williamstown Bacmg Glnb were punctually issued by Mr.YowIes on Wednes day afternoon.. The little seaside course always commands a bumper assemblage, and if the weather be only fine next Monday, the railway-people will have their work cot oat. The trains lt&ve; Spencer-street bt 10.18,1LX6, 1L46,12.25, and 12.38 pm.; returning from the raceconroe platform at 5.19; 5,25, 435, 5.40, 560, sad 6.25 pirn. Horses- will be carried by thg 16.18 aim. train from Spender-street and C. 25 p:m. from Wil liamatoton.' My selections: for the meeting are as follow-Hurdle fiace, Itoolg&i; or Boa Bon; Maiden Plats, Maador .Prattler; Al tona Handicap, The Ghost or Datnoctes; Selling 15ace,Mertoun or Breeze; Steeple- - chase. Banker; Seaford Handicap, Chloris or Achineb ,.i.v .. . *' ' A. Blair, the Jockey, has returned from India, and is open to-accept an engagement. The - hordleracer - Revenge, who changed hands a few days ago, is booud for Western Australia. . Moat of the ring men having taken flight to Sydney, the betting .market has been as dull as possible during toe week.. The fewr trans actions-noted have teen of the mildest cha racter, and - hardly worthy -®f quotation, whilst the- tefteferagth .assimilate# prices between here aadi&dnej; ; I^AJlan Herd, a. Vfallington'; cro^-copitry jockey, sustauifi^l^ui severe injuries from a fall on a ^hojrttV^eiiL Freebooter. at the Nelson Jockey Club moving: a fortnight ago, aa to result in hia-iiaath- the following day. He had hardly Teootwredfrom a similar acci cm ' ttte san^ ^oile ;a lew daya pre ' /Sattembon'flp^nj' rating iS fro (Mke fctace atgwn " n events, vi&:-ricofe oflOsova, 18 ^ndondeiv^MmiiBi aT ~ abandoned. Entries will be received by Mr. E. J. Prevofc, the hon. secretary, at the Australian Club Hotel, Bourke-street, or at Cullen's Brighton Club Hotel, on Tuesday. Mr. 6. Vowlea is the handicapper. Dr. L. L. Smith purchased a few mares at the Terrora sale last Tuesday. They are in tended to be put to Liberator. The question of cash-betting at Rand wick came before the New South Wales Legisla tive Assembly on Wednesday. The Premier gave a sort of half-assurance that steps would be taken by the Government to put a etop to the system. News comes by the American mail that Mr. Robert Bowner, the owner of the great trotting mare Maud S., has refused an offer of lOO.OOOdol. tor her. He added that his refusal would have been equally prompt and positive had been 300,000doL Straight Shot was struck out of the Sydney Cup on Wednesday. Regular patrons of Moonee Valley must not overlook the Eight-hours' Anniversary meeting, on the 21st inst, entries for which close next Thursday. The card contains a Maiden Plate, of 50 sovs. *, Anniversary Han dicap, of 50 sovs. ; Hurdle Race, of 50 BOVS. ; Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; and Eight hours' Handicap, of 75 sovs. The nomina tion is a sovereign all round. The weights will appear the following Tuesday. Below are the scratchings for to-day's Elsternwick-park Races :-Laughing-stock out of the Maiden Trot; Revenge and Golden Butterfly out of the Hurdle Race: Umbra, Vascosa, Mustang, Beckwith, and Master John out of the Easter Handicap ; Sweet meat out of the Steeplechase; Relieur and Beckwith ont of the Selling Race. Many racing men will regret to hear of the bereavement suffered by Tom Brown, the well-known Sydney trainer, whose wife died on Good Friday. 