SCBATCHINGS, IN THE CITY, |"Bt A PehciiJ C. . ' e very line which writticii berfe Eiiay Ims Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go .unsought: ' That, cut or thrust or lend approving cheer. Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. The good people of Esdina have recently enjoyed a sensation. Amongst their principal residents is a great personage called John J. Christmas, Esquire. This J. J. Christmas, Esquire, has peculiarly favored the northern end of Yorke's Peninsula by living upon it daring something: like twelve years. I didn't imagine when I,first, saw .him at church that he could dwell anywhere upon earth as long as that. I thought that lie would be trans lated—as Enoch was! . He—that is Christmas -—wm then a baker Bbd a chaff dealer, hut he Bold good fall wm^fc/hreeid, and. refrained fiom doctoring W-cfiaff with grass cuttings Or diit. He toas \f£b&Hitely; fcliB «oulof "honor in ali bis business transactions ; I don't .want to have any mistake made about that for an instant. I would trust him with my life. I am only referring herein to the public side of his character. .He taught in the Sunday school with immense zeal; he preached in the pulpit with tremendous energy j -and if from his mannerism you got the ideatbat you were singing iri a major key to :the honor and glory of J". J. Christmas, and only in a minor, and incidentally, to the honor' andglory of God, that was notMr. Christmas'* fault. I do believe be was. pei^tl^ self-sacrificing and genuine according to his iight-^-aocordine to his light! • , : 6 ..Somewhat of an universal genius, moreover, our Whenever there'wafia pHblio questioii in the -air. he -would #urnish..the answer by letteSs itf th'e )WMfaroo Times chiefly., Those' letters -werenbt Always gram matical; and sometimes .their antecedents fell to chasihj? the eubsequents -until they twisted iall; the sentenees into a state like that &f; a thread-skein after a playful kitten has been romping with it j but there were fun.:and originalilj about' allthe Christmastan com positions. This gentleman : could so easily work himself- up into < a frenzy, don't you know. He was lemon kali jandthe slightest opposition to bis opinion was water. When' the one dropped upon the other!: whew! what a fizz I—-what a fim! He was a public orator-^-siy, is,-i publio orator, and soinfluential. He is said to have put in all the Parliamentary and municipal randidates who have to'do With northern Yorke a Peninsula, and I would not wonder if it were suggested that the interval which follows the outgoing of our Premier and the incoming of another, is caused by nothing else in. the. world but the necessaty hasty summon ing of Mr. Christmas to Adelaide, so that the Governor may know whether the Oracle of Kadina will approve *>f the change. It seems to me that several tithes, probably, Mr. Christmas might have been Governor him self, only he; feels that he has for more important wort in his present station. *««! as in eveiy country there is after all a real power behind the merely pretended power, so Sir William Robinson is nominally Gover nor, but really ——. The inference is surely easy. There ia a moral grandeur in the sight of a gentleman being apparently only an ex Mayor of Eadina, whilst actually beneath his calm— too calm —exterior is- bidden the directing impulse of this great province! I just mention this to show his influence. Bat perhaps the role which has brought to Mr. Christmas greater honour than any other, and which would have gained him more votes in a Parliamentary election than any other, is his philanthropy. Will the printer please repeat -that word in capitals?—PHIL AJf THROFy J There—that does the gentleman something like justice! When a person has been buffeted by a sea of grievances there was Christmas up to his neck in the turbulent waveft, splashing »bont like » povpoise," -but really doing no ham! If a widow were wronged, J.J.C. would see her righted by his in&uence.; So when a few months ago the wicked Government was not disposed to pay compensation at once to the relatives of some men, who were done to death at Hergott, Christmas with his influence roused the righteous wrath of South Australians, and made the wicked Government vote £500 upon the Estimates. Arid at that time I heard pans of praise rise heavenward in his honour. What a noble self-sacrificing man'; how good and how kind of him. How the widow would bless him; how rich would be his reward in heaven after his translation ; 3iow (descend ing to bathos)—the votes for the Assembly would mount up should he he a can didate at the election. But now comes out the woful feet that of the £200 represen ted by one of the two votes,'Christmas kept £18, being "5 per cent, .commission and expenses out of pocket "—altogether 9 per cent. I am prepared to be a philanthropist upon the same liberal terms, and I am deeply hurt that my sentimental talk should have poured out so copiously whilst Christmas was last April pleading the canse of the widow and the other bereaved. " The children of this generation are wiser than the children of light" I thought J.J.C. was a child of light, but—and'I gushed accor dingly. He never said in his plea—" Having agreed to receive 5 per cent, and expenses out of all I get on behalf of the poor widow, I beg to remind you that the Bible says so-and so, and so-and-so besides!" The person interested, by the way, denies the agreement j but let that pass, that may be all right; but I didn't think that Christmas would in effect pray—" O Lord, send compensation to the widow and let it be a tolerable sum, ^because Thy servant is to get 5 per cent, upon the whole lot; for Thou should'st understand Thy servant is praying as a paid agent." But there is no doubt what the people of ■Ad^la.Vjo seem to think. Well, well; probably Christ mas is as sincere in his intention as I am, but somehow I think I would scarcely hp^e done what he has done. If his conscience - acquits him, however, I am satisfied. I Judge iw» 'man, but do let me beg. of Txim—for th? Merulfl is read everywhere—-to remain at Kadina, so Sist all South,- Australia may not be brought under hia thrall at the merely nominal chatge of " 5 per cent, and expenses out of pocket." I wonder whether you would get " 6 per cent, and expenses, &o.;," out of the widow's mite which the.-goad Lord writes about so touchingly. Somewhat of a squeeze, I fancy. Let me mention hers that I remember in this colony a far worse act than anyone can construe Christmas's into, committed by a minister of religion. A man who was a mem ber of his congregation died, leaving his widow with two children and a few pounds due from a friendly society. This minister of religion claimed half a guinea for conducting the burial service j and I shall never forget how reproachfully this human thing lectured me when I related to him in plain Saxon what I thonght of his oondust. The Premier has started for England, after having been grandly entertained by a few of his constituents at Gawler in the presence of a number of ^Ministerial supporters. In politi cal circles it is said that his colleagues are glad that he has gone, because he was so dictatorial in the Cabinet, though the Chief Secretary thinks the trip is absurd. The idea that there was a disagreement between Mr. Downer and Mr. Bray lias gained strength from the fact that IVXr. Bray went over to Victoria almost as soon as .Mr. Downer's trip was announced, and did not return until about the last moment before his chief's departure. Mr. Downer did not explain his policy; and the politicians of both parties now, say pretty freely tfrat he hadn't a policy to explain. You cannot, after all, grow grapes upon iron railings. The Opposition are be lieved to be making th* xubtt of their oppor tunity. 3Ir.Ward, it is whispered^igtoissue a policy to the country (T"~am writing oil Saturday night),-and your Mr. ColeB has the ball at his feet, if he only realises it. Nowis tlie time for his policy. One thing I can tell yon as a town man--who- knows some little about politics-:—you cannot do hononr to a man who better deserves it than Mr. Coles. I saw poor Frank Skeffington Carroll in the street on Friday, or (more correctly speaking) the thinnest ghost, the merest shadow of the man. Doctor Way has told hirajao'he:sayst that he can live only a month or two: more at most, and the poor fellow resigns jbimaelf to his doom-with some cbeerEulnbsp i bnt the devil-may-care Carroll of five years 3g&*is sfeen no more. The people of Light, whd ohce elected him to the Assembly, would Hot know him now. ^ 