Political and Social SYDNEY, TUESDAY ÍVENWG. THE Parliamentary session wis closed in an af pro priate manner ; there was dodgery on the part o che Government and the SPEAKER, a whirlwind o righteous wrath from Mr. M'ELHONE, and a Bpeecl from the Throne abounding in phenomenally boc grammar. It waa known that on prorogation da] Mr. M'ELHONE would further deliver his soul witl reference to Mr. WILLIAM CLARKE, the Ministe for Jnstice, but by a singular oversight the SPKASEI did not take the chair antil within a few minutei of the time when the GOVERNOR was announced tc read his speech in the Upper House, so M'ELHONJ had not time to blow off more than the first puffs of his whirlwind. But they accomplisher; nearly os much as a whole storm would have done He has suooeedod in deepening the feeling of mis trust with whioh Mr. CLARILE is regarded in Sydney and that is precisely the object Mr. M'ELHONE hat in view. During the next Beesion Mr. CLARK t may be made tho object of farther criticism. Par ticnlors concerning a financial transaction in whick he out a prominent figure have reoently been dis- closed through the insolvency of n oity merchant and these are extremely damaging to his reputa tion. Of course he may bo able to explain them away, and his friends naturally hope that he wi! do so. The opinion is beginning to bo entertained that Messrs. GARRETT and CLARKE may cause thc downfall of the Ministry. THE grammar and composition of the GOVERNOR'S speech aro unique. It iii thought that Mr. Ania Air must be the author of it. At any rato, it is quite in accordance with tho fitness of things that c Ministry whioh contains BUoh distinguished scholars as Mr. ABIGAIL and Mr. SUTHERLAND should, ia drawing up a gubernatorial speeoh, make a grammatical or a rhetorical blunder in almost every line. Ono of the paragraphs in the speech seems to have come from the hand of thc ATTORNEY-GENERAL. In regard to composition, it is about the worst in the document. About three years ago thoro was some oorrospondonce in tho Sydney Press concerning"the Fronoh papers set for a University examination that had been held a few days previously. Tho questions given in the papers show gross ignorance of the French langu- age, and it was said that Mr. WISE had assisted in preparing these questions. Mr. WISE has proved a conspicuous failure in oratory and politics, and it would seem os if he were going to oomplete the dis- appointment experienced by his friends by proving a failure ia regard to the rules of English syntax. BUT Mr, WISE is, after all, a very shrewd young man. He has learned the art of gotting on, and that after all is the main thing. Four years ago he landed in the colony a new-fledged barrister, and with an oxtremely light purse. Twelve months afterwards he was the husband of tho nieao of Sir WILLIAM MANNING. Astute young man ! Some time later Sir W. MANNING publicly praised him from the Bench for the manner in which he had conducted a case in tho Supreme Court. Benevo- lent Judge I Then Mr. WIBE got Government work which was north to him about £1000 a year. Let young men of ordinary ability read, mark, and ponder this. There is a royal road to fortune, not- withstanding all that philosophers have sold to the oontrary. j BETWEEN Mr. B, R. WISE and Mr. QCONO TART thero is a groat ethnic gulf ; the former is a Cnu ousinn, the latter is-a Mongolian, or a ?. heathen Chinee." But Mr. QUONG TART has solved the problem of how to get on. as completely os Mr. WISH-'or that other distinguished man, Mr. HEHHIKSR HEATON. By ;* ' judicious expendi- ture'of a few pounds, and .by promoting little schemes of philanthrophy, the prinoipal cost of which were borne by the publie, M'. QUONG TART suooeeded in. making himself a personage, and got into the swim of banquets, píenlos, io.' Thon Mr, TART took unto himself . very pretty Australian girl as his wife. There was some.romance conneoted with the affair, and to orown all the marriage was celebrated in tho house of the Hon, JOHN WANT, Attorney-General, who gavo away the brido. To-day tho first ohild of this marriage is to bo baptised by the Bev. Dr. Steel, in tho presence of the Chinese Oommissioners, Mr. J. Want, Sir John Robertson, and other distinguished persons. As the Governor is on a tour, he cannot bu present. Mr. TART will probably seek a seat in Parliament, and it is within the bounds of possibility that he may yet be a member of the Ministry. He and Mr. WISE should go well .together in an Administration ; at any rate people who are accustomed to write books for Sunday Behool libraries should eeleot ' these two worthies to form the subject of a sketch illustrative of the art of getting on. Mr. QUONG TART, it is needless to Bay, oannot be in favour of tho delivery of frééthought lectures on Sundays. ; MB. BURKS, the Colonial Treasurer, deolined the O.M.G. ship that was bestowed upon him.it was not good enough, and probably ho feared that a similar decoration would be given to ABIGAIL, but he has received a title whioh it is to be presnmed he values very highly. The Imperial Federation , League, whioh exists for the purpose of keeping all the colonies in perpetual subjection to England, hos dubbed him "The Cobden of New South Wales." The honour is overwhelming. But everybody thought that Sir HENRY PARKES enjoyed this title. The title, however, is significant. CODOEN prophe- sied that within ten years after the time England adopted Free-trade, every other civilised country would follow her example. Mr. BURNS has prophe- sied about the perpetuity of Free- trade in this ooiony. COBDEN.was.ludicrously astray in his pre- diction, and onr Mr. BURNS will not prove a better prophet than the astute manufacturer after whom he has been named by the Imperial Federation League. PARRAMATTA is rising from the dead. Politically .peaking lt has had no life for half a century ; the proof that it had none during the past several years is the fact that it has constantly returned Mr. Huon TAYLOR to the Legislative Assembly. But the awakening has oom e. Last night a . pnblio meeting WOB held in the Town Hall of the borough for the purpose of celebrating the inauguration of a branch of the Protection Union. Fully 700 people were present, and resolutions in favour of Protection were carried by overwhelming majorities. The feeling in favour of Protection is indeed spreading so rapidly in Parramatta that Mri Huon TAYLOR has hinted that he will embroco the new I faith. The people, however, are resolved that they will not permit him to represent tho town in another Parliament. Ix has been reported to the Government.by,the iNSPEOTon-GENEaAL OP POLICE that yfchere »ra nearly 30 private bars in oonneotion with the hotels in Sydney! and that quite a number of these are in charge of young ladies who ore no better than they ought to bo. The report has wrought the MINISTER FOR JUSTICE,'1 the Hon: William Clarke, into a state of virtuous indignation, and ho. has drawn up a report on the subject for tho consideration of his colleagues: Being strictly brought up, Mr. CLARKE has a natural horror'of tho demt-moiide, and with the vehemenoe which originates in outraged purity, and in the philanthropic desire to savo yoong men from the fatal oharms of these syrens, he ia going to sweep them ont of existence; It is a good thing to have in the Oabihét a man who was a Sunday school teacher, and. who is absolutely free from the suspicion of having any sympathy with ' sexual im- morality. ¡That tho private bars whioh are-prcaided over by women should .bo put down ia the feeling of every right thinking man in the o¡ty¿ for they are sources ot the greatest iniquities ; but how to put them down is-tho question. ? An attempt waa made a couple of years ago'by the Legislature .of -Victoria to abolish barmaids in that colony', but it failed. And it is probable that suoh would be the fate of any similar attempt nude in Near Sonto. Wale«. Hr. CLARKK, however, will probably receive a vote of thanks from the Social Purity Society for his exertions, and that will be gratify- ing to his friends. And surely no one will say that ho does not deserve such a recognition of his labours in the cause of reform. NOBODY was either killed or scorohed at the Orange celebration last week, which was remarkable, con- sidering the quantity of Kentish fire that was flying about. Hr. ABIGAIL delivered a speech in his usual Uriah Heep style. The reason, he said, why ho had not Bpoken at previous annual celebra- tions was because he felt his own unworthiness. Ahem ! It was a favourite remark of Mr. Uriah Heep-" I am a very 'nmbio person, Mr. Copper- field." But all the same, the said Mr. Heep was an individual who needed to be carefully watched, I presume there uro Orangemen who really believe that FRANCIS ABIGAIL is afflicted with a doep con- sciousness of personal unworthiness, for Orangemen are juBt like other people in that they like to be humbugged. At the close of the Orange " shivoo" the Grand Master, the Rev. E. D. MADGWICK tele- graphed to Lord SALISBURY that there are 20,000 Orangemen in thia colony who approve of his Irish policy. When a parson goes so far in the direction of-well fiction, what' may we expect from worldlings like newspaper editors, for example ? A URAL ghost at Picton ! Not the simulaora which Mr, CYRIL HAVILAND and other Sydney Spiritual- ists aro won't to photograph, but tho genuino ardole. The proof is that the bones of tho tene- ment once ocoupied by tho ghost bavo been dis- covered near the place whore the ghost appeared, and the young man who saw the awe-inspiring shape has been afraid ever since to go out alone at nights. For the ghost to appear io, Pioton above all places is most extraordinary, for that is a dull hole. The probability is ho or it was bribed to appear there by some land speculator who wants to get rid of purchases ia tho town. We are a scientific hard-headed people, and that ghost will not impose upon us. If he is wisehewill notBhow himself ngaiD, 