HANDICAPPING FOOT RACES. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—Will you kindly find me space in your paper for a few remarks on the above subject ? I want to know on what system gentlemen who undertake the duties of handicapping foot races go upon when trying to put the competitors on equal terms. We are asked to send in our last two years' performances, so that they may get some idea of our merits, and yet, as a rule, when the handicaps are declared the most absurd mistakes appear, the winner's name generally sticking out a foot, which takes away all interest in the race. Take, for instance, the handicaps in the Sheffield last Saturday onthe Oval. P. H. Roberts was scratch, and Keen—W'IO is well known as a fast sprinter and had good performances—gtts 13 yards, ard makes a dead heat with Correll (11 yards) in the final for first place, doicg 117 yards in 12 sec., or the full distance in 13| sec.— about a quarter of a second outside of even time. Now, what possible chance had Roberts or mjEelf to beat this man ? It simply means we must be able to run fully one second under even time, doing lo0 yards in 12 sec. I know I cannot or ever could do it, and no one else either. Why do not the Associations and athletic clubs engage the services of firstclaes men like Messrs. Morcom, Broderick, Furnell, and A. McDonald, who have every man's performances at their finger-ends, even if they have to pay a guinea or two, instead of patting it into the hands of novices? It is quite time a little more interest was taken in this important work, because at preEent, although we back men go on entering for different races and start, we only do it to sUow how impossible it iB for us to win or even get placed, and it becomes rather monotonous never having a ghost of a show to get near the front. Then, again, I certainly think handicappers should bear in mind that although we old peds could go some seven years ago we do not impro/e as time rolls on, and cannot be expected to give young fellows who are just coming on such starts as IS yards in 130, and it is not fair to handicap us on our name and ignore performances. Somebody says, " What's in a name ?" Well, mine seems to keep me hovering about the scratch mark, although I know of several yoang athletes who can give me a start and beat me, and yet I am often asked to give them 10 or l r ) yards, I would like also to suggest tbat when a competitor enters for a race, and says he has never run before, he should never get more than half the limit at the very most, because the very fact of the handicapper knowing nothing about him should make him careful about not letting a maiden runner in too easily at first. If fiia was carried out we should not have so many races run away with by the limit men. Trusting some attention may be paid to those remarks by the anthorities of clubs and handicappers in general, I am, Sir. &c.;, EX-cbampiqn, 