AMUSEMENTS.. 1 GAIETY THEATRE.' Les Cloches de Corneville," Planquette's most popular opera, was produced at the above theatre on Saturday night, under the auspices of Signor G. Verdi, who thus initiated a season of opera comique. Signor Verdi's come any includes Miss Annette Ivanova, Miss Minna Fischer, Miss Harcourt, Mr. Edwin Lester, Mr. Arthur Farley, Mr. George Dean, and other well-known names, with Mons. Leon Caron as musical conductor, and Mr. George Dean as stage manager, Mons, de Willimoff acting as " leader." The management appealed to the general public, announcing " popular prices of admission, and were rewarded by a crowded house. The production was in all essentials completely successful, and was moreover free from any of those hitches usually associated with first nights, everything going smoothly from first to last. The orchestra was not very numerous, but it was effective, and obeyed the conductor's expressive baton faithfully. In one important particular this company excels many that have come before the public with more pre- tentious clauses ; the chorus His really a very good, having boon, not only well drilled in all musical requirements, but taking on intelligent part in the performance throughout. Miss Minna Fischer took the part of Germaine, and thoroughly pleased the audience; while Miss Harcourt scored success as Sopolette. Signor Verdi is never quite at home in opera bouffe, but as the Marquis of Corneville he showed considerable, resource and suited the requirements of the part. Mr. l.estor's Father Gaspard showed careful study, but he hardly rises to the power which this character demands, so that the miser failed to be so prominent in the person manner as should have been the case. The Baillie and his shadow Gobo were undertaken by Messrs. Farley and Dean, and if to keep the audience in good humour, and to turn out wholesale fun be the object, for which these characters are introduced, they both completely succeeded. Only it is quite possible to overdo this sort of thing, and hide the real merits of the opera as a whole behind the interest absorbed by these subsidiary actors in the plot. As Grenichoux Mr. Allan was fairly successful, singing the music allotted to him with care, but yet giving evidence at times of being somewhat overweighted. The first act was on the whole, not equal to those which followed, for though the chorus was well up to the mark, the principals were generally somewhat stiff in performance. Thn barcarolle of Grenicheux was encored, but the famous song, '' With joy my heart has often bounded," seemed to fall somewhat flat, Signor Verdi apparently attempting to gain success for himself by his superabundant vigour of vocalisation, instead of letting the music captivate the audience by its sweetness, this being especially noticeable in the valse refrain " To me no stranger." That Ger niaine's%"Legend of the Rolls" and Scrpolette's "Look at that, and look at this" secured full applause need hardly be said, for the opera would fail as a whole if these' were un- appreciated. The Second set opened somewhat indifferently, since the concerted piece, " Let our torches light the gloom," failed to give any dramatic idea of the situation. For people to enter a ghost haunted castle in the dusk of evening, supposed to be simulating an absence of quaking fear which yet causes them to tremble and to creep with halting steps, and yet to be telling their feelings in powerful vocal tones is simply absurd. If sung in a very subdued way, as the composer intended, this whole number is both charming and dramatic, but if not it is neither the one nor the other. To a large extent the same remarksapplytothetrio, " I'Ushutmyeyes;" anditisonlyby Ihm acting that the effect of the relief intended in the song, " Not a guest at all," is achieved. The " Silent Heroes" was best rendered of any thus far in the second act ; but was rivalled by the concerted piece, '' Cold sweat is on my brow," sang when Gienioheux is encased in the armour. Guspard's " Love, honour, and happiness " did not succeed in making the effect which is generally looked for but his impersonation of the most dramatic parts of the scene was not without merit. The third act calls for no special mention; indeed, though it was a well done (Serpolette in particular making a most charming appearance as the Countess), it is somewhat of an anti-climax, and buffers for lack of plot, of which every essential is so dearly foreshadowed in the second act. Viewed broadly, " Les Cloches de Corneville," as produced by this company on Saturday, was a success I 