Ike Mysterious BeU-riasiugs. A great, strange, desolate, awful old honaa stands in a qoarter of New Orleans which ones waa fashionable, but which ia now a lurking-place for negroes, European immi granta, desperadoes, and malaria. Isolated, four huge stories in height, its material a solemn, dark-brown, atony brisk, its front distinguished by two projecting eres cents, its basement windows dongeon-Iike, with wrought-iron gratings, it gtres yon the idea of a French château rather than of an American dwelling. This aristocratic appear- ance is enhanced by the solid architecture of the stablw, and by an enelocing wall nine feet in height, fringed with long iron spikes. It is still farther enhanced by an unmistak- able air of solitude, neglect, and decay. Many panes of glass are broken ; eome of the windows are closed np with gray, cob- webbed boards ; the foundations of the front steps are loosened, and the stones are eliding down ; no trace anywhere of sweeping, dust- ing, repairing, or any other manner ot care. In a quarter teeming with unfortunates, who would be only too glad ot substantial shelter, this lordly mansion is uninhabited. Not a human face ever looks from the bleared win- dows ; not a human foot era disturbs the dust on the slanted doorsteps. An ominous circumstance, which has the air of marking the place for eternal loneliness, is a fastening of rusty nails and wire across the handle ot the bell-pun. Before thia house gained the evil fame of being haunted, and while it waa atfll »miliar to the feet ot the aristocracy ot New Orleans, Mr. Henry Vanderlyn, then only twenty-four years old, rang ona day at his door-bell. No answer. He rang again and waited; be looked at the windows to see if tba place was inhabited; he took a third pull at the agate knob ; still no answer. Meanwhile, either through the enormous key-hole or through the spacious crack at the bottom of the door, both so characteristic ot Southern architecture, he could bear stealthy steps and cautious whisperings. "Do they take me for a robber?" he queried ; " or is there a negro insurrection I panic abroad ?" His patience gare out, and he waa about to depart, when a dote coupé dravo op to the cuib-stone. A lady in deep mourning, who was so veiled that he could not distinguish her features, but whose form and carriage exhaled a delicious odor ot yoojh and dis- tinction, pushed open the door of the vehicle with a small, gloved hand, and presently stood on the broad steps of the mansion. For a moment the two faced each other without speaking; then he ventured to say: "Am I addressing Mrs. Taillefer? " "Ah, Mr.Vanderlyn 1 "sheanswered; "so yon have come on, as yon promised. What a pity that I receive no onel However/ after a brief hesitation-" I wffl receive yon. Please eome in." Instead of touching the beD, she rapped on the door with tlie head of her parasol. It wu at ones opened. Within stood two mulatto giru and a negro man; they seemed to be trembling, aa if with fright " We didn't dut open befo', 'canas it rung," stammered the negro, in a whisper, mean while bowing in ceremonious apology. "Never mind," replied Mrs. Taillefer,in an impatient tone and with a gestare which commanded sOsnee. uIf Mr. Pilkington calls, let him in. No one else." . Signing to Vanderlyn to follow her, abe led the way into a parlor, spacious and lofty enough for a ban-room, and rich with old, carved, mahogany furniture. " Hare the kindness to sit down," she said. "Yon see that 1 ought not to have received yon. I am in mourning for the death of my husband. But yoo had come so far, I did not feel that I ought to send you away. Be- sides, yon contributed so moah to our plea sore si Saratoga. I am ¿eHafited to wofernn* yon." Under the circumstances Yanderlyn wu slightly shocked at such classic terseness and repose. At Saratoga he had studied the TaiUefera carefully, and, u he thought, pro- foundly; he had act down Anthony Taillefer u a devoted husband, and Diane Taillefer u a happy wife ; he bad supposed that, in ease ot the death of either, the survivor would grieve passionately. Hence the SaUustian brevity of that announcement: "I am in mourning for the death of my husband," struck him temporarily dumb. His unpleasant impressions were instantly dissipated when the widow drew aside her veil and revealed that face which had charmed bis previous summer into a season of the Isolé FelieL Such eyes 1 So intensely black, yet of so many shades of blackness, and so fuU of dazzling lights ! Whenever Yanderlyn tried to analyze Mrs. Taillefex'a face, with the intention of determining whether it ware entirely beautif ul or not, he began and anded with looking at her eyes. It is known to os, however, that abe wu a brilliant brunette, with features slightly aquiline in type, enclosed in a fina o Her expression vac calm,self- possessed, well-bred; bat,ss people who were not bewitched by her de- clared, it wu unpleasantly cold : if not dis- tinctly selfish, it wu at least unsympathetic. In figure she wu taller andmore graceful than moat women of French blood; and her carriage wu singularly upright, imposing, and, one might uy, imperial. Yanderlyn gazed at her with the delicate sympathy, the almost religious respect, which the yoong and pure must grant to beauty in mourning. The chivalrous admiration with which this woman had inspired bim, and by means of which aha bad drawn him a thous- and miles merely to look npon her once more developed for the first time into something akin to love. He wu ready to dutch himself by the throat with anger, when he discovered that, in spite ot the sanctity of her fresh weeds, hs wu contemplating the possibility of wooing her. After a little conversation-not about the dead, or the widowhood; only about that pleasant season in Saragota-Yanderlyn, in his youthf ul delicacy, rose to leave. " Don't go," urged Mrs: Toillefer. "Don't suppose that you are annoying me. I should not have let you in had that been possible. I have not half done questioning you about things and people at the North. In spite ol our local vanity, the North is our metropolis. When a New Yorker comes here, he is a Parisien en jtrociiwc. Stay to dinner. And while I go and dress, amuse yourself, in your masculine way, with books and pictures." While she wu gone, Yanderlyn inspected a row ot venerable oil-paintings, mainly ol the French, but a few of the Spanish and Italian schools, such as are to be found in New Orleans in greater numbers than in any other American city. Presently he heard a knock at the outer door ; then came a slow, ponderous, groaning advance through the hall ; then he turned to look at a visitor. Thc new-comer was a man of prodigious and plethoric corpulence. Although of thc ordinary height, he seemed short, in conse- quence of the unwieldly size of his abdomen and the deformed hugeness of his bead. The locks, of long, thin oily-brown hair behind his ears were carefully combed upward and forward, to conceal aa mnch as possible the baldness of bis shiny and spotted scalp. He was almost devoid of eyebrows and eyelashes, and the edges of his swollen lids were fiery with inflammation. Under the eyes were brownish and dropsical bags, the distress sig nala of long and cruel indigestions. The rest of bis face-the vast forehead and temples, the flaccid, drooping tumors of his cheeks, .the sad procession of double-chins which de- scended into his cravat-had been stained tc a uniform dull, thick yellow by the malaria of Louisiana. Although dressed in the latest fashion, his form excited both disgust anti pity, so gross and helpless wu its crapulence His breath came in hoarse wheezes, prophets of fatty degeneration of the heart, or of the crash of apoplexy. Bat, hideoai, cumbersome, and doubtless in pain aa thia man waa he had an air of gen- tility, or, at least, of courtliness. On per «iring Vanderlyn, he bowed, with a alow, megatherian grace, and said, in a voice which was mellow, despite its huskiness, " Good morning, sir. Excuse my not observing you on my fimt éntranos. The darkness of the apartment, sir." Then be carefully settled himself upon a sofa (ho chair in the room waa big enough to contain him), holding bia hat between the table-lands of hie knees, and groaning for breath with an air of suppressed distress. " May I enquire whether you have balinese with Mrs. Taillefer?" he asked, after Van- derlyn had made some commonplace response to his salutation. " If so, I will retire." " Not at alL I am simply an acquaintance. I bad the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. Taillefer at the North last Bummer." "Ahl excuse my question. I thought yon might have called on business, as Mrs. Taillefer receives so few people. Ton are, doubtless, aware that har husband has lately deceased." Vanderlyn suspected that this courteous monster wished him to go away ; but he did not feel disposed, nor, indeed, at liberty to accord that gratification. " Mrs. Taillefer bas just informed me of her husband's death," he observed. "She is dressing at present, I believe. I have no doubt she will be willing to see you, if your name is Pilkington." ~ "Ahl thank you," replied.the corpulent gentleman, opening bis inflamed eyes in alight satonishment, but not forgetting to bow. " My name is Pilkington. So you are doubtless, well tffq^ainted with Mrs. Taillefer?" he continued, unable to repress an air of interest. " I présame to congratu- late you, air. A most charming and admir- able woman I She informed you, then, of the death of bec lamented and noble husband. Doubtless she needs sympathy. Did she, perhaps mention to you this annoying little affair of the bell-ringingi? No? Well, she undoubtedly will do so. A very curious mystery, those same beU- riogiiigs." " I should be happy to hear about them, if there is no impropriety-if Mrs. Tail- lefer "Of course she would not object," inter- rupted Pilkington, turning purple with the effort at courteous haste. " Public talk, my dear sir; ail over New Orleans already. It ia an exceedingly singular ease, either of spiritual manifestations, or of outrageous persecution. If you don't object, I will tell you the story. There will be plenty of time. We know these ladies, sir. They are a long while in changing their attire when it is a question of receiving a handsome and ac- complished young gentleman." " I am exceedingly obliged to you," bowed Vanderlyn, quite prostrated by such a torrid aimoon of civility. "It ii a mere little matter of bell-ringing," continued the immense Pilkington, with a smile broad enough for a pif»*- " A ridic- ulous little door belL Only fancy the absurd- ity of it. I should say, however, that there are several bella in the plot. But it was the mischievous little bronze at the front door which began it. When that waa temporarily tied np, all the other bells took up the clatter. Positively I must be allowed to stigmatise it aa a clatter," he explained with an apologetieal bow. "I am a Southener, air, and I pride myself on using the diction of Addison, ss is the cass with our Southern gentry. But in thia instance I must be allowed the nommotiplace word, clatter. Such an impertinent, worrying noise, my dear sir 1 However, I wfll begin with the door-bell, that is, at th* entrance of my story. Pardon my little jokes, sir. Humor, bacchant humor, sweetena life. Are you not fond of it your ?alf. «ir? T have no donhi. jn¿e*»8 faun your genial expression, that you frequently indulge in it." After puffing and perspiring for a moment over Ilia spirit of wit, he resumed: "Well, to my tate, aa tba poet says. The Tafflefers, you must know, are one of our old families. French blood, sir, and a good vintage. This noble mansion was erected by Eustace Tail- lefer, father of Anthony, or Antoine. Eus- tace waa at that time one of ibe wealthiest planters, and was always one of our highest toned gentlemen. A bit expensive, a little disposed to vitre, a good deal in debt at last, but always high- toned. Well, sir, he died it is the common lot of humanity-he bowed to it with his native courtesy. That was only five years ago. Anthony undertook to economise and clear the estate. But he got married. He won a splendid wife, sir-a leader ol society, a queenly creature. The devil 1 such a woman must have her dresses ; she must live in a style suitable to ber ; don't you see it ? We can't blame her ; we sympa- thise with ber. But the result was that the estate did not get cleared." Here he paused, looking at Vanderlyn's face with attention, as if to see whether be had began to produce bis effect. It seemed as though he were endeavouring to show the. young man that here was a woman who must not be sought for, unless the seeker were armed with along parse. As Vanderlyn bad a purse of some one hundred thousand pounds, be did not feel pungently alarmed. "Perhaps we may venture to suppose," continued the man-mountain, " that Anthony Taillefer's life was shortened by bis financial difficulties. His death was sudden, sir frightfully sudden. Credulous people have asserted that he used poison to hasten it. Some of the symptoms reminded physicians of strychnine. However, that is absurd-I ventare to say absurd. Taillefer was broken; had too heavy a load, couldn't last longer. Well, sir, on the day after the funeral, curi- ously enough-on the very day after-began this little bell. This mee-serable little bell,' ' he repeated, with an emphatic grin. "The : wretched ting-a-ling-ling ! Of course, it was supposed that someone had called. The foot- man opened the door, and found- nobody ! Imagine the fright of a nigger-an ignorant superstitious nigger-when this was re- peated, when it happened a dozen times a dayl Ting-a-ling-ling: door flies open; nobody there. Nigger slams the door to, and rushes back to the yard, as white as a nigger can be. All the servants took fright ; really you can't blame them. Taillefer but just buried, and that ting-a-ling-ling in the house -an incomprehensible, ghostly ting-a-ling ling." Mr- Pilkington seemed to enjoy his own eloquence. His unctuous smile played all over Vanderlyn, like a spout from an engine charged with sweet-oil. Bat beneath this satisfaction and geniality there was a twinkle of inspection and calculation, as if he were studying to see how the tele affected the young man, and how much more of it would be necessary to produce some desired re- cuit. " You may suppose-of coarse, my dear sir, you have inferred-that the mystery bas made a noise. As I am the business agent of Mrs. Taillefer I took the matter in hand. I have had all the pandits of New Orleans here. One thought it was electricity; an- other, that it was a trick of the servants. It waa suggested that I should cut the bell wire. I had it cut. The extraordinary result was that the trouble increased ten-fold. The mys- tery rang all the bells-it rang them one by one, and it rang them together; it rang them behind our backs, and before our eyeB. It Í3 most extraordinary-it is absolutely un- earthly. My dear sir, I almost feel at liberty to say to you that you are in a haunted house." The young man did not know what to think nor how to feel. On the one hand, the idea that Mrs. Taillefer was persecuted by a j ghost, or by a mystery which simulated the ' ghostly mode of action, tended to give her the interest of romance r.ud maka hex mon attractive. On the other hand, there eeemed to be an nndercurrent of meaning in afr. Pilkington-an insinuation that then had been something unnatural or evil, in the life of this family; that there was something perilous about the lady who now represented it. Scarcely had these conflicting ideas crossed their rapier points in his mind, when Mrs. Taillefer entered the room and inter- rupted the duel. The weight of four hundred pounds of flesh and the distress of untold diseases could not prevent Mr. Pilkington from rising and greeting her with elaborate courtesies. When she tranquilly gave him her hand, be bent over it with the air of dropping a kiss upon it. There was an expression of real jealousy, and of counterfeit triumph in his jaundiced eyet¡ as he glanced at Vanderlyn, and said: "Southern chivalry, my dear sir. We worship divinity." " Mr. Pilkington," observed Mrs. Taillefer, with a slightly repressive intonation, " (bis is Mr. Vanderlyn, of New York, a very kind friend of mine. Perhaps yon will find bim useful in your investigations." Mr. Pilkington's huge countenance fell ; his jealousy upset his late triumph. "Ah, certainly," he replied, with well, oiled readiness. " You must understand, Mr. Vanderlyn-I am extremely happy to make your acquaintance, sir- that Mis- Tailleferis annoyed by an incomprehensible and villainous persecution- Then is a myster- ious bell-ringing about the house," be went on, as if he had never mentioned the subject before. " It is a serious disturbance. I have done myself the honor to offer to I examine the mystery thoroughly. I pro- pose to stay in the houee night and day until I have detected the authors of the trick. I shall be happy-as Mrs. Taillefer graciously permits-to have your company and assis- tance." " Nothing would please me better," said Vanderlyn. " I have often wanted to hunt a ghost." Pilkington's countenance descended still lower, until it seemed likely to cover nie whole person-a gigantic apron ot gloomy - blubber. The two men ate at the house that day and passed the night then. To both of them Mrs. Taillefer was charming; it was very easy for her to be so. Meantime, then wete occasional tintinna- bulations without discoverable eause. The bell-wires had been out, as Pilkington bad said, but had been replaced in order to pro- voke fresh manifestations, with a view to discovering the origin of the disturbance; and, the moment the wires were in working order, the ghost was at them. Thrice during the afternoon a sharp jingling sent Vander- lyn into the hall and Pilkington to the win- dow. In vain : nobody waa at the door ; no- body was in the passages. If the originator of the clamor were a living human creature, be was sly and quick enough to deserve a ghost's highest praise. Of the servants he was, for a while, grimly suspicious; he believed that the "everlast- ing nigger " waa at the bottom of this, aa of all other Southern troubles; but, alter close watching, he was obliged to clear the Taillefer Africans of the charge of of counterfeiting spectres. Horribly afraid of the " obi," they remained silent and brooding, like dispirited hens, in their own corner of the establish- ment, whispering about " voodoos," gather- ing into knots when the bell rang, and obey- ing the summons with extreme reluctance (Concluded in our next.) 