It appears as if tho colony were about entering upon a period of great industrial and commercial activity. Private enter prise is opening out new fields for its operation in various directions, and the value of shares in proved ventures lias increased — a circumstance probably due to some extent to the action of the banks in reducing the rate of interest on deposits. Small capitalists have been driven to seek more profitable invest ments. Tito colony may well be con gratulated upon this revival of enterprise, since, so long as it does not develop into a mania, it must tend to increase the wealth of the country by opening out- its resources. One of the most remarkable movements of the day is the growth of in dustrial association. The limited company is gradually supplanting the individual manufacturer, and is even taking the place of tho merchant whose transactions are on any considerable scale. Even the largest corporations of which we have any knowledge, the municipalities and the State, are extending the sphere of their operations, and undertaking, on behalf of the community, enterprises of a com mercial character which, only a few years ago, would have been considered the proper objects of private enterprise alone. It is reasonable to suppose that this ten dency to aggregation will grow rather than diminish as population increases ; and as the movement is one which can not be resisted, the duty of the public is to see that it is well directed. The now development is due to a conviction that certain things can be done better and moro cheaply on a large scale than in detail. The city which left its drainage or water supply .to individual effort would speedily be scourged by pestilence. In this colony the housing of the people has not presented so much difficulty as in Europe, owing to the higher earnings of the working classes and the operation of building societies, but in some of tho largo towns of the mother country the question has come of 1oln vnnfo wifliin I»n er»li/itn n P tnlinlnJrsn I activity. Glasgow has for years expended the amount of a sixpenny rate in purchas ing property in the most pestilent areas, and iu replacing the old buildings with healthy dwellings ; and the example has been imitated in other cities. It is obvious, however, that the commercial operations of the State or of municipalities must be restricted to the rendering of a few ser vices of a general character. In the great region of production and distribution pri vate enterprise must still bo the' agency, and it remains to ho seen within what limits in this region tlie system of aggre gated capital must bo confined. Private firms carrying on business extensively have of late been transformed iuto public com panies, and, so far, there has been nothing to sustain the objection that the reduced personal interest of the managers uuder this system is a bar to success. There is one of our great national in dustries which must necessarily be carried on under the system of associated capital, ii carried on at all. The day when the possession of a pick and shovel and the means of living for a brief period enabled a digger to exploit an area of auriferous land is gone for ever. With the ex haustion of tlie superficial deposits, mining for gold assumed a new charac ter, and costly machinery nnd a large working capital have become indispensable. There are few individuals who are able anil willing to find tlie wiiolo capital and assume the, undivided risk of an im portant mining venture, and the conse quence is that mining has almost wholly passed into the hands of companies, the liability of eaeli shareholder in which is limited toagiven amount. The prospector who stumbles upon a fabulously rich out crop may be somewhat indifferent about a working capital, but as a rule the auriferous treasures of a locality can only he unearthed after a prolonged search awl a large outlay. At ouo period a curious practice prevailed iu the forma tion of companies. Tbe bulk' of the capital would be nominally paid np, and a wholly insufficieut amount left available for the preliminary cost of opening np tho mine. The tendency to-day is to provide abundaut capital in the first instance, and by issuing a largo number of shares to profit by the system of association to the utmost. A nominal capital of a million is not unknown in a mining prospectus nowadays, and where, as in tho instance of the Mount Morgan Extended Com pany, tlie object of search is tlie continua tion of a lode 132 feet thick, yieldiug G oz. to the ton, there will, presumably, be no difficulty in filling up tho share list. The strong inclination to invest in reproduc tive enterprises just now is nowhero more noticeable tlianiu tho mining revival which is taking place. Notwithstanding the large amount of capital which lias been frittered away in connection with this industry, there is no doubt whatever tiiat there are many regions in this colony where the auriferous deposits, if worked with know ledge and integrity, would yield handsome returns to investors. In the last report of tho Mining department the mining j surveyor of the Stringer's Creek district says that there are mauy miles of proinis- | ing auriferous country in that district into : which a pick has never been put, tho operations hitherto having been confined within a radius of half a mile. When it ( is remembered that one claim in that area, the celebrated Long Tunnel, has paid a million and a half in dividends, it will be admitted that there is ample inducement for tho investment of capital in further researches in that locality. Nor is that the only promising field. On other gold- fields the experiments made in deep sink ing have opened up -a vista of future possibilities which encourages the hope that the colony as a producer of gold has a glorious future before it. it is the more to be regretted, considering tlie likelihood of fresh discoveries being made, that the local boards should have recommended such au injudicious distribution of the prospecting vote for the year. The greatest obstacle to the steady pro gress of mining in the colony is the discreditable course pursued by a large class of company promoters. Whore a mine has proved exceptionally rich it is natural that ventures should he floated with a view to testing tlie country along the supposed line of tlie rich lode. Hut the successful mine is often made a name with which to charm tlie unwary, and companies are formed , to work land the only value of which is that it is somewhere in the neighborhood of a successful mine, and has frequently no indications of auriferous wealth whatever. It will be in the recollection of many of our readers how the fame of the Morning Star liill, at Wood's i'oint, was utilised in this way, and a confiding public plundered of an immense aggregate sum, the "mines" in a great many instances beiug purely bogus ones, and destitute, not only of payable gold, but of any vestige of the matrix. Malnishury, some four years ago, was the scene of a similar irush, with identical results. The remarkable success atten dant on the operations of tho Broken Hill Silver Mining Company will, it may be anticipated, make that region a favorite locality for the professional promoter, and investors at a distance will' have the utmost difficulty iudiscriminating between claims which have a fair chance of success and those which are taken up for tiie soli- purpose of selling shares. It is difficult to see how an effectual remedy for this evil can be found. It may beat least mitigated by the exercise of prudence by wottld-be 1 investors. The cases are rare in which careful inquiries in the proper quarter will not elicit reliable information as to the lionet fitlcs of any mining scheme. The consequences to mining, as a steady national industry, of investment in bogus companies are simply disastrous. Those who rashly sink their money in schemes destitute, of the elements of success retire from mining altogether in disgust, and their feelings are communicated to others, so that after the temporary excitement has subsided mining is neglected, and numerous schemes which deserve support on their merits languish for want of the necessary capital. A judgment of an unusually interesting and instructive character lias just been delivered by Mr. Justice Williams. Mr. Silas Harding, a well known colonist, who, like Osric, is "spacious iu the pos- " session of much dirt," appears, shortly after the passing of the Land Tax Act of 1877, to have conceived that he was evilly treated in being re quired to pay a small percentage of his wealth towards the expenses of the State which insured him the peaceable enjoyment of his property. Accordingly in the years 1878 and 1879 he disposed of large portions of his estate in the Western district to convenient relatives, and had the land entered up in their names. By !l«naa mnmio Itn nira dnrl n timn ttio iitcf payment of taxes levied on large holdings until the land tax registrar, becoming sus picious of trickery, ' had Mr. Harding's name replaced on tho register in respect, to them. Other lands of the same owner were later on made the subject of similar collusive transactions, but in spite of all the declarations, allegations and affidavits advanced in relation to them the registrar was obdurate, and insisted upon holding the ill-used Harding as responsible for them. Thereupon Mr. Silas Harding had the temerity to apply to the Supreme Court to compel tlie oiuciai 10 remove his honored cognomen from the register. Judge Williams's deliverance in respect to this application will, however, teach hiin his error. He discharges the order nisi, with costs against the applicant, and lie makes distressingly clear the grounds upon which his decision is based. He declares t hat the manner of the applicant in giving his evidence was so suspicious as to throw discredit on his statement of facts. " Tho "extraordinary way in which ho has " blown hot and cold in relation to " alleged disposals of this land, iu which " he has stultified one set of acts by " another set of acts ; his clear and " undoubted perjury in the swearing of " one false statutory declaration, as lie "himself admits; his admittedly frauclu- " lent dealing with his land in more than "one instance; and the irreconcilable " nature of his dealings with his land in " others, stamp him at the outset as a " witness to whom credit must not "lightly he given." His Honor further points out that the applicant has " nnblnshingly admitted before me " that in an affidavit sworn by him " for ihc purpose of probate duty " lie swore to tho value of his wife's " estate at £7000 instead of £14,000, " knowing its value was £14,000," and that he excused himself " because he was " not asked to swear to tho true value but " only to the value." In view of these and other specified moral obliquities ol a liko description the judge had little diffi culty in reaching tlie conclusion that Harding had sought to evade payment by dummyiug his property, aud in declining to yield him tho assistauco of the court in perfecting the cheat. When a poor struggling fellow is impelled by want to tho perpetration of theft, albeit society is obliged for its own protection to sternly insist on his punish ment, it is impossible to avoid some twinges of sympathy with liim in his misery. Tho thought must nrise that possibly if ho were possessed of a little of tho world's wealth lie would he honest. He may be more |of n victim than a rogue. Sydney Smith, in one of his delightful letters, mentions as a notable fact that he canuot recall an instance of a London alderman descending from his carriage iu Cheapside and stealing a leg of mutton from a butcher's shop. lie wishes in this humorous way to bring home to us the consciousness that people who steal arc frequently sorely tempted. But wo fauey there arc few who will feel disposed to sympathise in the slightest with the meanness evinced by men who, rolling in wealth, seek by dishonest subterfuges to escape paying a trifle out of their abundance for the cost of the protection afforded them by government. The only pity is that a criminal prosecution does not follow ,the decision of the Supremo Court in every instance of tho kind. It is a great pitv that Speakers, like Bishops, are not elected on the nomination of the I loly Ghost, because we should not only get the fittest man for the post, but tho transaction would necessarily bo elevated far above the slightest suspicion of intrigue. The Head of the Government would speak only as he was inspired, and the House would accept his choice in the samo unquestioning attitude of compliance tiiat the Dean and Chapter, under similar circumstances, assume to wards the dictation of the Patronage Secretary. There are three proposals as to the way iu which Mr. Lalor should be disposed oL Some of his friends and sympathisers would give him a pension, others a lump sum, and others again leave of absence on full pay for the rest of the session, which would mean till June or July next. The short but rather, sharp debate that took place last night shows that Sir. Gillies cannot make up his mind which of the three he should adopt, or whether he should adopt any ; and to do him justice the House itself seems to be equally incapable of coming to a decision. We have already stated the objections that may he offered to tho pension plan. It is at variance with the expressed disposi tion of Parliament to abolish tiie pension list as quickly as possible, aud it will create a precedent which is sure to be taken advantage of in tho future by any party that feels strong enough to perpetrate a job iu the interest of one of its proteges. In England tho Speaker is pensioned, it is true, but lie is also raised to the Peerage, on the plea tiiat lie is too important a functionary ever to rub shoulders with tlie common herd again ; and Ills pension is given him, not for his services, but in order that he may sup port Lis Dignity in a becoming manner. Besides, tho office lias always carried a pension with it, and it would be an innovation to abolish it. In England, too, the Speakership is of late yeara no longer a party appointment, aud jobbery, therefore, is out of the question. If Mr. Lalor is to he pensioned tlie best plan will be to come to a general agreement that henceforth the office of Speaker shall he a life one, like that of the judges of the Supreme Court, conditionally on good behavior, and that the ceremony of re-election at each new Parliament, shall be merely a formal one. There will bo some excuse for pen sioning him in tiiat case — first, because he will give his whole time to the business ; and next, because the salary is too small to enable him to maintain his dignity and save anything out of it. But if Mr. Lalor's caso is only to bo an exceptional one, then undoubtedly it will be better that the solatium to be given him should bo a lump sum, since such a course establishes no precedent, aud admits of its being modified to suit the occasion. But best of all is the pro posal first suggested by Air. Patterson, if we remember rightly, to give Mr. Lalor leave of absence on full pay for the remainder of this session, and put an acting Speaker in his stead. Tf lie is able to resume his duties at the end of the time, as wo truBt lie may be, it will be at the option of the House to replace him in the chair. One reason in I: favor . of this course is that it .j will be readily assented to by all j parties, and Mr. Lalor will feel that he is i enjoying what nobody grudges him. If ! the present, session was tlie first of ia new Parliament instead of the last but one of an expiring one, wc can understand why it should bo objected to. It would be inconsistent witli the dignity of Parliament to be presided over by a mere Deputy-Speaker for any lengthened period ; but where tho throne is on the point of being vacated in the natural order of things, a regency is au admissible expedient. 