A HERO IN SPITE OF HIMSELF . BY ROBERT BUCHANAN. ACTHOIt OF "SHADOW OF TltE SWORD." "A CHILD OF NATLT.K " AND "GOD AND THE MAN." fart h. chapter v.—a TncxuEit clap. About this time the mining prospectus ap peared,. with results which satisfied tho minds even of the most sanguine. Tho bait was so ' templing that it was swallowed by a public which is only too casilv gulled ; shareq were bonght np rapidly, and every thin- was progressing with the most praiseworthy smoothness. 'There wits only ono thing now which troubled tho mind of Colonel Sloane." . . . ' .That' one thing was tlio extraordinary be-' hqvidr of Fotkcringay. ' Apparently there wns nothing. to cause that_ young gentleman the least uneasiness. So far bis every wish seemed on tho point of being realised ; his wedding day had even been fixed, and was rapidly approaching. Isnbol was more loving and tender tbnn she bad ever been ; nay, more, she had on his account almost quarrelled hopelessly with her guardians, who, from the. first, bad bitterly resented the idea of .Iter mar riage with an. adventurer. But Isabel, who never did things by halves, had fought her hero's battles bravely, .until she had succeeded in winning over her guardians to her side. The resplendent promise of the mining prospectus settled the business, and convinced tliem thnt Fotheringay, instead of being an adventurer, was a rich and pros perous man. ' Still, as I have said, Fotheringay wits far from experiencing the happiness warranted by snch a run ot good fortune. His friends found him a dull companion, and thought he. wns becoming spoiled, with overmuch success. Colonel Sloane, who watched- him with the eye. of a hawk, saw something which lie did not like. ' . . " Treachery said Ire. to himself, ;< or I'm a nigger ! AVell, I'll keep him in band till lie's married the heiress and paid me the notes of hand I hold, then he. may go to the devil. Gnoss it'll take some of his fortune to pay me -tho little sums I've advanced him to make the show he's made. " So the Colonel, for his own sake,- affected to ho ignorant of the alteration which was so clearly visible, and when it was forced upon Mm he laughed and vowed it was tho fear of marrtnge which was preying npon bis friend. "Guess the best of us quake before a woman," said he, "and Fotheringay, withallhis swagger, don't sesm to have raore.plack than the lest He'll be all right after tbe wedding day." And the general impression was that Colonel Sloano wns right, although, as the marriage day drew nearer, Fothcringay's depression in creased. At last one day he called upon the Colonel. "Look here, Colonel," he said, "I'm about sick of this." " Of what ?" asked the. Colonel sharply. " Of this playing the villain! -I've dbne a good many ugly deeds siuce I met you, but this marriage is about, the ugliest of all." The Colonel laughed.. It suited hira just then to be good humored. " Deuced good thing for you, aqd not a bad thing for her, " said he. . f Suppose I refuse to go on .with it ? What then?" . . . . ... - ' ... " jVhy, then," said the Colonel, who turned livid at tbe very jdei, " look ont for squalls. Come, Fotheringay, ho continued, ." let's understand one another. You have given me your notes, of haud for a go0di9h sum, now, haven't you ?" ; "I have," returned Fotheringay; "but when yon accepted them you knew that they wero not worth the paper they were written upon." "Right," assented the Colonel, "bnt if I'd thought 'twos always going to he so do.yod think IVl have taken them ? Not snch. a fool my friend. I knew you were a likely chap, to marry, aiid I'd made up my mind you should marry an heiress, and so you will.'' Fotheringay laughed, took a few turns about the room, .and then departed, . leaving . the Colonel extremely uneasy in his mind. The fact was that so long as. Fotheringay remained single the Colonel felt that he had the weaker hand. His bills would remain as they were vnlneless. To threaten exposure would be use less. Fotheringay might , snap his fingers and laugh in his face. . But Fotheringay a bachelor and Fotheringay married to Miss Raymond, the heiress, wero two different persons ; the latter gentleman, would have a character to lose, or, rather, his wife would think so. and she would sooner part with her money than her husband's good name. This was the. view Colonel Sloano took, and with this view he did everything in his power to hasten on the marriage. Meanwhile our hero was eaten up with remorse. His love for Isabel, deep and strong as it was, seemed to be transforming him ; he felt that she was dearer to him than his very life, yet ho knew that in marrying- her he . was doing her a fatal injury. But how. could ho tell her ? . How could he bear to see the love that now shone in her eyes turn to hatred and loathing?. II she knew all she would despise him, as she would have every right to do, and would never look into his face again. Therefore he fearea to speaa, unt let .the .time go on. . One evening they were sitting lovingly together, when Isabel broke the silence. . " Charles !" ' "Yes, my darling." "Does it not; seem strange? In- six days yon and I will bo man and wifo ! " He. rose to his feet, and gazed wildly into her face. "Six days, did you say?" ho exclaimed ; " only six days ? " - . "Only six day," she repeated. "Charles, you speak as it you were sorry our wedding day is so. near. It was not always so," she con tinued, assuming an air of. offontM dignity. " It was you yourself who pressed tor an early marriage, and I consented." , In n moment he took her In his arms. " Isabel, my darling — my love," he said, " dnn't hood mr nrjlA . -v-— .11 imagine they sprang from any Jack of love. Perhaps I regretted the. ending of our happy days. Bnt they will not end— they shall not end I " " Why should they? murmured Isabel, clinging to him. nod looking sweetly -into bis face, . \ . He bent down and kissed hew ."My darling, ". ho iqurmurcd, "my- better God grant you may ever bo able to look at me with lure ami trust as yon. do now! " yho girl gazed upon him in wonder. He seemed suddenly to be transformed. Never, she thought, had she seem him look so brightly handsome ; and, alas ! never had she loved liim so well. When he was gene she threw herself on. her sofa and cried for hours. . The next day lie came again. His face was very pale, but strangely resolved. "Isabel," he said, "I am going to make a strange request. 1 wonder if wilt you grant it?" "Tell me what it is, and I will say.'- "I want you to postpone onr wedding." "To postpone our wedding? Why do you wish that ?" He hesitated ; then he looked steadily at her. . " Do you want me to tell yon ?" " Yes." " Thsu I will tell tou. I ask yon to put off the wedding— to cancel onr engagement— to try to forget if yon can that I ever crossed your path." " Oh, Charles, what do you mean ?" " t mean that if you marry me yon will wnriL011 rr"g<aB" ittl "> Minor marry a scoundrel. . I am utterly unworthy tho , love of good woman — as unworthy as I ath of the respect of honest men !" He paused for a moment, trembling under her wild and .wondering gaze; then. he con tinued— , " When you first met me 1 was a shabby out-nt-elbows fellow, without a sixpence in the world, but 1 had a good name and a clear con- . science. Now I have neither. You think I am a rich man. Sham! 1 haven't a sixpence in the world. " " No money!" said Isabel, smiling, and she pointed to his hands. The very jewels glitter- iug there seemed to prove that he had spoken untruly. , Fotheringay looked at tliora curionsiy. .."False!", said; he, "not diatuouGs -and . erneralds, hut paste,, and worth very little more than the gold tliey are set in ;."but, such ai\ they are, they belong to my master. " " Your master"." " ' , " Yes to (he devil to whom I' sold myself some years ago.. Isabel, you. -once asked nie what Colonel Sloane was to rae, and I answered that he was nothing to me. I lied. He was my master. lio bought mo body and soul, and' sot me up a glittering sham to dazzle \the oyes of the world, and luro innocent victims into his grasp, I have been his tool — his cat's paw. .1 led the lifo he planned for me without many conscience qnalms until I met you again ; then one look into your eyes made me feel that;! was damned 1 " He paused and looked at her. She was deathly pale hut quite calm. She had fallen into a chair, hnt she never once took her eyes from his face. "If all this is true," she said, "why did you not avoid me I Why, fox pity.'s.sakewhy did you make me care for you as I do ? " " Because I was and am ascoundre) ; nothing can alter that. To do myself justice, I must confess that I did intend to avoid you at'ilrst ; then 1 found' that Sloane was spreading his he for you, and that unless you became my victim you would certainly b'ecoina his. Thus was the case put- to me: ' Many her,' said Sloane, ' or leave hor to me. I don't dare which of the two you do, my friend, because in either case a. good part of the -lady's dollars will line my pockets."' ' " How could that be ?" " Why, thus;, iu case or iny.relustng to deceive you as a lover, the Colonel, introduced , to yon by ,his daughter, wonld never have rested until he had the hulk of your'fortone invested in mines , whereas in the case of onr marriage " "Yes?" " It would nave tasen the nait or your fortune to clear off my liabilities to Colonel Sloane. ' Isabel said nothing.; she sank back npon tlie sofa ; her face grew deathly pale, her eyes closed. "Givo me some water,." she said, feebly. Eagerly he brought it, nnd with a cry of agony, he took iter hand, but she motioned, him away! ' ' " 1 aru not well," she moaned;) do not touch' me." ' She sipped the water, which revived her a little; then she opened her eyes and looked at her tormentor. " Why areyoii lingering?" she said, " there is nothing more to be said, 1 suppose, and 1 wish to be alone." In a- moment he 'was beside her. " Isabel,- my darling,"' he cried ; " are we to part like this'? " " I suppose so. Where is the "use of our protracting an interview which can bring us nothing but pajn 1 Oh," she cried, suddenly, in a' wild paroxysm' of anguish, " in all iny worst fears'! never pictured this. 1 thought yon had been unfortunate ; but I believed you had a noble soul, ' and, above all, I felt yon loved me." "I did; and God knows 1 do," satdFothef- ingny. ' . ' For a moment her face brightened ; then all tlie light faded from . it, and she shook her head. ' " He urged yon to marry nie and you con sented, "she. said. ".It was my fortune " " Before God, .no !" exclaimed Fotheribgay, vehemently.-- "He urged me td marry ytfu-— yes ; I consented— Vcs ; but why ? I argued thus: by paying court to Miss Raymond I can keop her from Sloane ; by throwing dust in his eyes I can saVe her. Then, God help me, the devil stepped in and completed the task. I found one day that I' loved vou over much." "Ah!" " Yes, loved yon with an intensity which startled me. 1 could not draw hack now. My mad passion swept mo onward. I yielded, and now this is the end." Thero was a long pause. " Isabel, can you forgive me ?" For answer > she uttered a wild cry, and covered her face with her hands. " May God forgive yon 1" she moaned,' " tor you have broken my heart." That same evening the General and Mrs. Collier, on returning to their hotel, heard with amazement that the marriage of 'their ward was not to be. A- dreadful scene ' had that morning been enacted between Colonel Fotheringay' and Isabel, during which, attracted ' hy a scream, Angela ' had rushed into the room to find her friend lying in a dead faint upon tlie floor and the young man Standing helplessly by. With the assistance of a servant, Isabel had been carried to her room and supplied- with restoratives, and upon com ing to herself she had informed poor little frightened Angela that 'during that interview she and her- -jinnc€ had agreed to break with each other for ever. More than this slio would not tell; Even when Mrs. Collier came begging for am explanation, Isabel shook' her head. - " It is enough, is it not,"' she said,' " that the marriage is not to be ? Give me a promise that neither you nor the General will make any communication whatever to Colonel Fotlieriu- SAJ-" After some hesitation the lady promised, and nothing more was said. -But, somehow, little whispers were blown about, and it soon became generally known in Long Branch that owing to some quarrel about settlements the wedding was not to take place. Meanwhile, Isabel luy for two davs in a state of utter prostration. On the third day she rose, looking the ghost of her old self, donned a loose ' gown' and came out of her bedroom. Tho first thing she did was to sit down to her writing desk. This was what she wrote— ' "You say, that you are poor— that through poverty you'haTe ;becn led to do evil, almost commit crime. This must not "he. 'My fortune is mf own, to dispose of it as I will. The' half of ' if"! " givo' to you. 1 shall send the necessary instructions to my lawyers to- night. As' for' myself, 1 do not suppose you will ever see' me agaiu. ' As soon as possible I shall leavo Long Branch, which to me is associated with so much misery and so much happiuess. " isabel raymond." Having written and addressed this she sealed it and gave it to her ntaid. " Take this atonce," she said, " and if there is an answer bring it tome." In n trice tho maid was off. In less than half an hour she returned with a reply. "With trembling fingers Isabel took it. " Did yon see Colonel Fotheringay?" sh said. "..Yes, madam. I was just in time." " In time for what?" 11 To catch him, madam. He was going away,' and by this time he' is into tbe train, I should think. He had written this letter to yon, and was going tn post it, bnt after he had read yours, he opened this again, added a few lines, and gave it to mo." With a horrible sickening fear at her heart Isabel tore open the envelope and read as fol lows y "mx damn isabel.— Basin calls nre 