LOCAL AND GENERAL. A FLOOD ITEM.— In one of the claims examined by Messrs. Radcliffe and Fletcher, last Thursday, was an item for loss of 4 eggs! This person does not want relief — he wants compensation. NON-SUITED.— The District Court Judge gave his decision in the late case of De Burgh Persse v. Matthew Hinchcliffe, tried at the last sittings. He non-suited the plaintiff, and gave defendant one witness's expenses. A REGISTRATION COURT FOR NERANG.— It has been decided that the Court of Petty Sessions at Nerang shall be a registration court under the Elections Act of 1885. This will be a great convenience, as hitherto the only court was at Beenleigh, and all ap- plications to be placed on the electoral roll of the Logan were dealt with there. TINGALPA RELIEF.— On every side we hear of the good management of the relief of the Tingalpa Committee. They are being ably assisted by the Central Com- mittee, and are getting rations and seed in quantities to suit the ground they have ready, and everybody is expressing satis- faction and thankfulness. CHURCH OF ENGLAND SERVICE. — The Rev. A. R. Martin will preach at the Upper Coomera to-morrow (Sunday, March 6) — at the school-house at 11 a.m., and at the old church at 3 p.m. Arrangements will be made for a permanent monthly service at the ferry church. THE BUNDABERG FLOOD.— The Under Secretary of the Treasury has received a telegram from Bundaberg, dated 28th February, stating that all the sheds on the Government and Howard Smith's wharf had been washed away. The flood was subsiding rapidly. THE VISITING COMMITTEE. — The sudden collapse of the business the Visiting Com- mittee had come to help in was quite an unexpected catastrophe. Many people that are thankful for the generous assistance rendered from Brisbane will regret this, as will be found out in the sequel to such a termination. In the face of the disagree- ment of the Brisbane and the Beenleigh committees, Messrs. Radcliffe and Fletcher could do nothing but return, and they did so yesterday. A SMASH-UP.— On Sunday afternoon last three bushmen wreaked the All Nations Hotel, Barcaldine. They took their stir- rup- irons and smashed all the windows and frames, the lamps, signboard, furniture, and crockery. One man was arrested, and another struck a policeman with his stirrup- iron and rode off. The constables then procured horses and captured all three. They were brought in and securely chained to trees. CYCLONE AT BOWEN.— Mr. W. S. Con- nolly, Sub-collector of Customs, Bowen, has wired to the Government as follows: — "Cyclone visited Bowen on Saturday; no lives lost; slight damage to Government property. Poole Island steamer and jetty utterly wrecked." Mr. Connolly believes that the outlying districts suffered more than the town. IRISH VOLUNTEERS. — It is notified in the 'Government Gazette' of Saturday last that his Excellency the Governor has ap- proved of this formation, under section of 53 of the Defence Act, of a new rifle corps to be known as 'A Company Queensland Irish Volunteer Corps.' The establish- ment of the corps will be 100 strong, con- sisting of one captain, two lieutenants, one color-sergeant, four sergeants, four corporals one bugler, and ninty (sic) privates. A meeting was held in the School of Arts, Brisbane, on Monday evening last, when 90 men en- rolled themselves in two companies — A and B. Two uniforms have been suggested — the one of gray with green facings, the other, dark green with light green facings — but have not as yet been decided on, most probably will be on Monday evening next. Membership is confined to those of Irish birth or descent. SEVERE DOMESTIC ECONOMY.— A corre- spondent writes us, from the Logan: — "The 'On Dit' man of the 'Observer' is responsible for the statement that 'some applicants to the Flood Committee, from the Logan, appear to be pretty well off, anyway.' Well, so they may be; losses are comparative. But one applicant I know of have has been so reduced that he is bent upon very severe domestic economy — in the urgent stringency of which he has put his cat and dog upon a regimen of old boots and potato peelings. The cat has become a mere ghost of its former self, and is an object of commiseration to the fowls of the air and the beasts of the field. But the dog — 'mirabile dictu!' — has taken on fat wonderfully upon the diet. I advised the applicant to exhibit that dog for a medal or 'honorable mention' at the next Agricul- cultural Show, for a canine breed that will thrive upon such economical regimen will be an incalculable boon to poor people, in this age and country which are now subject to the alternate afflictions of drought and floods." AN ATTEMPT TO WRECK THE LOGAN TRAIN, — An attempt was made to throw the Logan train off the line on Monday near Yeronga station. The engine- driver of the train which leaves Stanley-street at 5.25 a.m. felt the engine jolt heavily over some obstacle on the track, and Inspector McEwen, who was standing on the platform of the carriage, was struck just under the eye by a piece of stone. On stopping the train it was found that nine large stones had been placed on one of the rails. The jolt was so severe that it was at first thought that one of the engine springs had been broken, but on an examination being made it was found that no injury had been done. It is not known whether the stones were placed on the rail purposely to wreck the train, but that probably was the intention, as the mischief must have been done during the night or very early in the morning. The department will, no doubt, make full inquiries into the matter. — 'Courier.' GLENELG GOLD RUSH/ — The Under Secre- tary for Mines has received a telegram from Mr. P. Cardew, the gold warden at Stanthorpe, as follows: — "Have returned from an inspection of the Glenelg quartz reef. I saw nothing there to justify a rush, nor is there in my opinion anything to warrant the proclamation of a goldfield at present." Mr. Edward B. Baker, the owner Glenelg station, writes from Glen- elg to the same effect, and adds "The reef is as yet quite untried; merely surface stone has been assayed, which gives fair results." STRUCK BY LIGHTENING. — During the storm which passed over Brisbane, on Tues- day afternoon, a building in Lichhardt- street, Spring Hill, lately occupied by Mr. Taylor, draper, was struck by lightning. Mr. Griggs, who is winding up the business, had a very narrow escape, and in the ad- joining house, Torquay Cottage, a lady who was nursing a child, was for a time thought to be injured. The lightning first struck the chimney, knocking it down, and then passed down the water-pipe to the spot where the pipe stops, about 7ft from the ground. The brickwork of the house, from that spot to the foundation, is split open. The residents of the locality state that the house which was struck shook as though it would fall, and for some time a peculiar pale light played about inside it. A BIG CHEQUE.— Sir Edward Guinness, who sold his brewery for £6,000,000 ster- ling, has forwarded a cheque for £217,000 to his head brewer as a parting souvenir. A COPY of the 'Phonetic Journal' for December contains an announcement of the death of Mr. Frederick Pitman, brother of Mr. Isaac Pitman, inventor of the system of shorthand known as phonography. THE following junior cricketers have been selected in Sydney to play matches in Queensland during Easter: — H. Donnan, A. Gregory, E. Seals, and J. Davies (War- wicks), G. Sparkes (Wentworths), H. Hid- dleston and J. McCarthy (Carltons); J. Spunway (Rydes), W. Fraser and E. Iron- side (Orientals), H. Robinson (Carthonas), J. Cottam (Surrys), and S. Austin (Waver- leys). CORN RAISING. — A writer in the Albury 'Border Post' says he has grown several crops of over 100 bushels of maize to the acre, and in every case in which this un- usual product was reached was with the horse-hoe every week until the corn was in tassel. When unavoidably this frequent cultivation was missed, the yield fell some- times as low as 70 or 80 bushels per acre, showing — all other treatment being the same — that the frequent working of the soil has a most useful result on the crop. SUGAR RETURNS. — The manufacture of sugar for the season at Yengarie has closed with a total output of 4500 tons, the largest on record (says the 'Maryborough Chronicle), and one which would have been still larger but for the rains compelling owners, owing to low density, to hold over a large area for next season, which will commence in about two or three months. At Millaquin the turn out is between 11,000 and 12,000 tons. Both on the Mary and the Burnett the output for 1887 is expected to be beyond even the present highly successful season. It is said that Yengarie left as much as 500 tons standing over, and Millaquin 800 tons. CASTLES IN THE AIR. — A mirage of extra- ordinary clearness (says a telegram) was seen from the deck of the British-India Co.'s steamer Sirsa, during a voyage from Cal- cutta to Sydney. When the Sirsa was within 115 miles of Adelaide, the city of Adelaide presented itself in the sky so dis- tinctly that all the churches and houses were plainly visible, and the surf breaking on the shore was also very noticeable. A ship in mid-ocean was also seen, and her actual motion could be descried with the greatest case. Strange to relate, the Chingtu passed this very vessel a few hours afterwards. The sight was one of great magnificence. CENTRAL MILLS.— The Central Mill scheme (says the 'Mackay Standard' of February 18) has been rather hanging fire for some time, owing to certain differences between the Government and some of the selectors as to the guarantees to be given. We are glad to learn that those have now been satisfactorily arranged, and, conse- quently, no time will be lost in commencing the erection of both the Eton and Race- course Mills. News was received, this morning, by telegram, from Brisbane, that money was immediately available for the Racecourse Mill, and also that a second payment would be made for the Eton one. This is very good news, not only for all the selectors in the neighborhood, but for the district generally. If this experiment should prove as successful as it is to be hoped it will, a fresh impetus will be given to the sugar industry, and even if the Go- vernment erect no more Ceutral Mills, capitalists will soon come forward as soon as it is proved that this system can be made a financial success. THE GREAT BARRIER ISLAND MURDER. — Auckland, Monday — The Great Barrier Island murderers, Caffrey and Penn, were executed to-day. The condemned men kissed each other on the scaffold. They bore themselves with great composure, and death was instantaneous. The executioners were the same as those who officiated in Sydney at the execution of the men con- demned to death for the Waterloo outrage. The confession made by Caffrey and Penn has not been published, but the substance of it has been anticipated. INTERESTING PARTICULARS OF THE RE- CENT FLOODS. — A contemporary gives the following interesting particulars in regard to the recent flood: — Previous to the recent disastrous flood 21in. of rain fell in Bris- bane in the course of thirty hours. For- midable as this seems, it yet fails to convey to the average mind anything like a just conception of the enormous deluge of water precipitated upon the south-eastern corner during that short time. In the following colculations it is assumed that the Brisbane fall is a fair average, for the rain seems to have been even heavier further south. We find that such a rainfall represents 2121 tons of water to the acre, or the huge amount of 1,377,440 tons to the square mile. The flooded area extends from, say, Gympie to the southern border, and from the sea coast inland to the neighborhood of Warwick. This region has a length of 150 miles, and an average breadth of 60 miles. It looks very small on the map of Queens- land, yet, with a rainfall of 21in., enough water would fall on it to form a lake with a depth of 130ft., and an area of nearly 90 square miles, which is twice the area of Loch Lomond, the largest lake of Great Britain. To put it another way, this modest 21in. would have formed a river 2100 miles long with an average depth of 30ft., and a width of 1300ft. — i.e., a quarter of a mile. The Volga, the largest river of Europe, is 2100 miles long. It is recorded that in the early part of this century the early settlers on the Darling and its tribu- taries were astonished to find those rivers boiling over their banks, filling whole val- leys with crashing timber, and devastating their homesteads in a perfectly dry season. This phenomena was probably the result of some such flood at the head waters of the Darling which has just been experienced, for all the water falling to the west of Too- woomba would find its way into that river. A match has been arranged between George and Myers for £200 a side — dis- tance 1,000, 1,250, and 1,500 yards. ALMOST INCREDIBLE ASSAY. — Messrs. Watt and Dodds report, in connection with the Five Golden Hills, Taranganba, Queens- land, that the assays by Mr. Dixon, of the Sydney School of Mines, of about twenty barrels of stone obtained by Dr. Robert- sont F.R.G.S., F.G.S., have been received. Those were taken as a fair average of both lode and hill rock. The assays average about 10oz. per ton. and do not include a piece of stone from the 15ft. cutting of the big hill, in which gold was not perceptible to the naked eye, but which was picked from the body of stone as a likely specimen. This, Mr. Dickson found, on careful analysis, to contain the extraordinary and almost incredible rate of quantity of 7787 oz. 5 dwt. 23 gr. of gold to the ton. — 'Maryborough Chronicle.' O'KANE ON THE ANTI-SEPARATIONISTS. — Teddy O'Kane has a kick or two left in him yet. This from last Saturday's 'Miner' — "There are a few hoodlums here pre- paring what is called a Separation Farce, and chorus singers are wanted at Dunsford's for the 'Kerry Howl' Possibly the let- ting committee of the School of Arts might be asked to let the hall for the 'farce.' We would suggest to the letting committee to consider the propriety of letting the hall for a purpose which may lead to a breach of the peace. It is quite possible that the Editor of the 'Northern Miner,' whom it is proposed to bring into public ridicule, might plug John Hoolan, or John Duns- ford, or La-de-dah Walker in the mouth with 'his bit of a stick,' or something harder which would save the dentist the trouble of extracting some very dirty teeth. EGGS ARE EGGS! — One day last week a tribe of blacks, whose range is the delta of the Herbert River, made, for them, a very happy discovery — viz., eight or nine alli- gators' nests on a sandbank in one of the tributary streams. The nests were evi- dently those of most enterprising amphi- bians, for the blacks realised about 600 eggs — a large boat-load, and spent three or four successive days in riotous living. Ac- cording to our informant, the change of diet has had a most appreciable effect upon the condition of the whole tribe, warriors and piccaninies alike, while all the alliga- tors in the river have done nothing since but shed tears, according to their ancient privileges and right. — 'Townsville Herald.' FOOLING AND MARRYING. — The following paragraph appeared in 'Truth' of Decem- ber 23rd: — One of the smartest things in advertising that has lately been heard of has been achieved by a furniture- dealer at Province, Rhode Island, who offered a bed- room suite to any couple who would come and be married in his shop window. The only difficulty he seems to have had was in making a selection out of the scores of couples who applied for the honor. The affair finally came off with the utmost satisfaction to all parties, thousands of people witness- ing the ceremony from the street and the interior of the shop. PRE-SCIENCE IN A CAMERA — In "Cham- bers's Journal" it is stated that in the "Camera" magazine a very curious phe- nomenon in connection with photography is recorded by the person who observed it. He took a portrait of a child apparently in full health and with a clear skin. The negative picture showed the face to be thickly covered with an eruption. Three days afterwards the child was covered with spote due to prickly heat. "The camera has seen and photographed the eruptions three days before it was visible to the eye." Another case of a somewhat similiar (sic) kind is also recorded where a child showed spots on his portrait which were invisible on his face a fortnight previous to an attack of small-pox. It is suggested that these cases might point to a new method of medical diagnosis. A BRIBED ALDERMAN. — The second trial of McQuade, the bribed New York alder- man, was much more satisfactory than the first (says the New York correspondent of the Melbourne 'Argus'), which resulted in a disagreement. The jury were out but fifteen minutes, took but one vote, and brought in a verdict of "Guilty." The next day the prisoner was sentenced to seven years at hard labor in the State prison, and to pay a fine of £5000. The fine was up to the extreme limit of the law. The imprisonment was three years short of the limit allowed. The Judge made this deduc- tion on the ground that McQuade's previous reputation had been good. That ought rather to have weighed against him, be- cause it had given the people more reason to trust him, and his betrayal of their trust was greater than was Jaehne's, for instance, who was a notorious scoundrel before he went into the Board of Aldermen, and of whom no one had any right to expect that he would not steal if he could. McQuade has not yet gone to the State prison, his counsel availing themselves of the law's delays to prevent it. A PROGRESSIVE STATE. — Englishmen are wont to hold up Australia as one of the most progressive countries on the face of the earth, but the comparison between the Argentine Republic and Australia which Mr. G. W. Drabble made at the annual meeting of the shareholders of the London and River Plate Bank, on December 14th shows that the country over whose destines Dr. Celman now presides has made equally rapid strides, while in some respects it is even in advance of England's great Anti podean Colonies. The population of the Argentine Republic in 1865 was 1,580,000; that of Australia at the same was 1,544,000. In 1875 the Argentine Republic had a population of 2,320,000; Australia 2,444,000. In 1885 the population of the Argentine Republic was 3,310,000; that of Australia 3,363,000. It is very remarkable to see how each country has kept pace with the other in its progressive population. The number of immigrants to the Argentine Republic during the twenty-five years end- ing 1885 was 972,000; to Australia, 866,000; but the returns for the last three years show that the immigrants to the Argentine Republic exceeded 100,000 a year, and during the last year the number rose to 120,000. It is well known that in former years, wool, hides, and tallow were the principal, if not the only exports of the Argentine Republic, but there are other items of export now of considerable impor- tance. In the Argentine Republic, in 1885 there were 14,000,000 head of horned cattle, as against 8,000,000 in Australia. In sheep the increase both in Australia and the Argentine Republic has been great. In the Argentine Republic there were, in 1865, 28,000,000: in Australia, 34,006,000; in 1875 in the Republic, 44,000,000; and 64,000,000 in Australia; in 1885 80,000,000 in the Republic, as against 82,000,000 in Australia. The intrinsic value of sheep in Australia was more then in the Argentine Republic, while the wool ranks far higher in value. Great depression exists in Sydney; 440 cases were relieved by the Benevolent Asylum. 