Sports; and. Pastimes. .sf-..V.':.:- BY "VEIIAX." '-1 . - THERE is very little stirring hi the way of racing news this wook,' and' not until the weights for'the ;Q.T.C.- arc out next Tuesday wiU,there Jbc any. excitement pver local,events The-Mdbourrio arid Cattifield 'Cups' are, how ever, attracting a considerable amount of attentiou, and a lot of doubles liave been laid to moderate ainoimts ovcr these ovehts. The V.H.C. Derby betting is almost confined.to Niagara,: Cmnbrook, and Abercorn, bub prob ably a1 fresh candidate will crop up erelong. Several good doubles have been laid at from 1,000 to 5 to' 1,000 to \5l'~ " The-'prizes won at the recent races of the GympioTurf Club were piid.over as follow: J. Finnic, £27S. and first bracelet valued at £50; J. Harrison, £200 and, second braeelot vahied at* £10; G-. Skyring, £1-50; G.. Bur gess,'£ti5J. Millis, £10; X. I)w3*er, £1S 10s.; J. Fogarty, £15; A. T. H. Scott, £0 ; If. I. Power/£o; total, £S10 10s. The Champion says: Tho balance-sheet of the Blackall' Haeiug Club, is to hand. The subscriptions amounted to £3G9 Us. Tho pro prietors of tho Western Champion head tho list with £25; Mr. Jl. Lane and Mr. Murdoch, i&O; each; Sir fraud's Murphy and Sons, Messrs. " \Va\hice and Casey, and Banks Bro thers^ £10 each ; aud all the leading store keepers five guineas each..' The privileges brought £191 2s. 7d.; entrances, £327 os.; and. rent of racecourse, £50 10s. , Tho ex cxpeuditure in prizes whs £771 *, improve ments, £11 Ss. Od.; salaries, £62 12s.; print ing and advertising, £19 1*. 6d.; and sundries, £lJ7,l7s. 6d.; and the club has a balance in hand ^f £37 17s. ml. This must bo regarded as most satisfactory, and it is to bo hoped that next year tho Bnrcaldiuo club will be placed on an equally good looting. .-The sporting writer of tho TvwmvilU writing ahent Votronel's victories at Charters' Towers, says: "It is said that besides the stakes Petronyl*F dual victory at the Towers meant £1,000 for his owner, Mr. F. JCelly. Had Fiction and New Guinea heeu well aud ffoing, X Jo not think tho result would havo been-the same. 'Tho littU browu, howovor, van gamely, and on BrightwcU returning to scale after tho big money he received quite an ovation. It was an honestly won victory. Thero <vas no seorot mado of the fact that Petronel would bo hard to beat; and .those who relied on Mr.. Kell v. were considerably gratified nfc .the result. Tlierc is no.doubt Petronel's presence afc the meeting made speculation brisk, and if the Queensland Turf Club himdicapper were to oxtend the Bamo f show* to' Sydney horaea as that accorded to Petronel by Sir. Russell, tho recentTunsatisfactory running at Eagle Farm and elsewhere in South Queens land ;would most, probably, ceaso; at any rate' the little clique of owners would bo ' burst i ;up.'" ? ..Next week I shall give a comparative,tabic tho.weights for the Melbourne Cup and the Metropolitan Stakes* so that people 'can see-at .a glance how. tho-land lies, and from time! to time tlio scratched horses "will be taken - out," fio that. thero: will be no mistake made . about ;backing tho good,ones. " . . ; s ! ! I have received a copy of Mr. J;; J. Miller's j sporting pamphlet and official trotting record j for 1887. : It is a valuablo and handy'book of | reference, and the performances of all the ? horses engaged in forthcoming great events are fjivea with accuracy. In addition to this there id an official trotting record, winners'of all the great events, and some romarkablo perform ance^: and times. Thobookis well worth the moderate shilling charged for it. ; | . The entries for the Queensland Jubilee Handicap; and the Q.T.C.' Handicap are to hand, and they are numerous enough to pro duce good races if the handicaps are well framed. A:few fresh names appear, on the 'lists, such as Belyidcrej Citadel, Comet, Lucifer,; Tantalloh, Fishwife; Redwing, Mornington. .The 'old^'lot are" all entered, including My Love, Yabba, . Pirate, and Wetherondale. Parody, who has shown considerably improved form of late is'also entered, andit will be in-: tercsting to see what. estimate is formed of her no w. iscot is entered, and with a light weight might run well over the shorter distance. The! mare Lauristiha that showed such excellent' form at Gympie, also figures in the list, and so does Norman, a much improved horse. I .ace, j that Gloire de Bijou is entered in Mr. MooneyV !mime; to that rumour is confirmed; and he lias: something to'do with the hor e. Touchstone, appears iii the list, but the names of Theorist: uud Lord Headington are absent. The weights will be declared next Tuesday when it will be quite time enough' to think of looking out for the "winner. : The New Zealand Stud Compauy have pur chased the stallion Limestone. ' This horse is a bay, and is by Vfeiilook- Duvernay. . He i3 now rising 0, and is therefore just about the age, don't you know." I remember seeing Limestone run in the St. Legcr of 1SS1, in which event ho was piloted'by Jim. Goater. The race was won'by Jtho American, Iroquois, with Geologist and Lucy Glitters next. Scobell was also a horse that had lot of followers for this event. As a two-year-old he : ran tyvico. / At Ascot, in the 28th Triennial | Stakes, he was third to luibleborn and Town I Moor. His next venture was at Goodwood, when he won the Prince of Wales's Stake?, of I IjOOO sovfl., with John Osborne up. At tliTee j years old he ran in the Derby and St. (Leger, I and at Ascot was second to Voluptuary in tho | 23rd Ascot Biennial.' At the same meeting he won tho 28tlr Triennial, carrying 9 st. I Ibr, and at Goodwood he won the Sussex Stakes, beating Geologist and Skipetar. He also carried 7 st. 12 lbs. in the Cambridgeshire, but was unplaced.. Ho was owned by Lord Brad ford..; He should prove a useful acquisition ~ to the colonies.. , ; . . \ . .. ..if Augur^".,, in tho Australasian, says, writing of the V.R.C. Steeplechase meet ing : The gteatest . performance . of the day, was : that of The Yeoman .in the Grand National Hurdle Race. His excel lence I have more than once acknowledged; but I never imagined that ho was capable of 1 winning such a raeo as that which ho carried off on Saturday^ Friction, undoubtedly a real good horse, had-Sir Launcclot dead, beaten below the distance, but he had not the ghost of a chance with Mr. Cook's three-year-old when he came to him, and I must confers,that he fairly astonished mo .by, tho easy stylo iu which he won. Mr. Cook and his head man Presfc wich . were always, I think, rather confident, and though I preferred tho chestnut for tho Maiden Hurdle Race, believing that it was too much of. a task to set hiin to win the Grand National,, the result lias proved that his.owner was quito justified in. going for the rich prize, and I am glad to hear that ho won a nice little stake. . Friction's per formance was a strikiug:eontrastto. the figure he cut upon previous occasions when he appeared iu I'ublie, and had it not been for the presence of a phenomeral youngster iu tlio Xeoman, the Queenslander would have won witli ridiculous case. All tho public hurdle performers he held quito safe, and perhaps Mr Barnaul is now satisfied that ho is a much better animal than he-was led to believe. Aristides ran very in differently, . and seemed to mo to bo a trifle overdone. ,l)arkness performed fairly well, but ho was not at all a good third, and AVhalcbor.e must have disappointed his friends by tho back ward position he held. There was ono casualty iu the race, for Distiller broke down badly, and when The Yeoman was cooled down ho was so laino that he could scarcely uallc out of the paddock; but I believe he threw off the lame ness afterwards." Croakers of the turf aro often heard to remark that racing is languishing in Queensland, but results prove otherwise. There aro far more meetings and much richer prizes than over, and this weok the Q.T.C. publisher the conditions of tho Siren1 Produce Stakes or 1S91, which are a strouir refutation of the assertion that racing is on the decline in tho northern colony. Tlio nice is for foals of ISSS, and is a sweepstakes i>f 10 sov:i. each, half-forfeit, or a sovereign only if declared bv 4 p.m. on tho 30th April, 1S91, with a subscription of 10 sovs. each from owners of wres, anil 300 sovs. added by tho club. Tho nominator of tho sire of the winner is to receive 100 sovereigns, and the owner of the second horso 10 per cent, on tho gross amount of the stake. Sires will have to be nominated with Mr. Grovillo Pountuov, Q.T.C. ottice, Briskmo, or at tho A.J.C. otlice, Sydney, on Tuesday, August 23. Queensland racing men often pur chase at tho vearling sales of Victgrian, South Australian,^ and ISfew South'WaleH breeders. ,'i Augur," in the Australasian. Tlic Thargom'vulah Herald has the following concerning' the - disqualification OfMriTroil's ch.-horao Wake" As many of our readers are already aware ' Mr G-. Trail lias entered an action in the Supremo Court against the Thargomindah Jockey Club for alleged dis qualification of his horse "Wake. It will be remembered at the laat annnal meeting of the club Mr. Trail nominated his ch.g. "Wake for the Maiden Plate which race he won. A few hours after the event had been run off Mr. J. A. Hil], the then secretary of the T.J.C., teceived a telegram from the acting-secretary of the Brewarrina Jockey Club, Btating that Mr. 0. Trail's ch.g. Wake, by Kingsborough, five years, branded MFnearshoulder, had won the Maiden Plate, Publican's Purse,, and Bokhara Handicap at an advertised mc-etiog , held on last Boxing Day on Spcechley's 1 Bokhura registered course, 30' miles from Brewarrina. On the following morning the etcwards called upon Mr. Trail for an explana tion. He admitted that the description of the > horse, brand, and pedigree,. as given in the telegram was correct, but denied having been at. Speecliley's hotel or having raced there. He said that the horso "Wake did not run any where on Boxing Day, and that at that time , he and .the horse were at Belalie, a place 90 miles distant from Speechley's. He agreed to inake an affidavit to that effect, but when called upon by the stewards to do so he re fused. The stewards thereupon . disqualified him and his horse for life. Mr. Trail subse quently went to Cunnamulla,' and when there placed the matter in the hands of Mr. D. Sal mond. The ultimate consequence has been the is&uiiig; of a writ, which was; on Friday after noon last served on the secretary of the Thargo mindah Jockey Club by Mr. J. Dewhurst. The plaintiff claims the amount of the.prize for; the Maiden Plate and also £50 damages for. alleged illegal disqualification. . "Wo are given to understand that the Queensland Turf Club, upholds and approves of the'disqualification.; As'the case is sub judice we "retrain.from all? comments." ... , ? . " A writer in an English paper gives . some interesting particulars relative to Queen of tho ;i Roses, the dam of Hove d'.Or, winner of. this year's One Thousand Guineas and . Oaks.. He says: "I was indirectly the means of Reve d'Or*s entrance into . the world, for I rescued her dam, Queen of the Roses, from utter obscurity. This mare having proved a failure on the turf, more from bad management than anything else, came into the hands of a email trainer named" Kiidd, at Richard's Castle, in Herefordshire, who tried ineffectually to make her jump. Being also hard up, he parted with her for some corn to feed (as. he thought) two or three better onesi I was asked by the fanner who thus got . posses sion of her' to come and buy ' her, as thoroughbred ones were riot , much ; inhis line. She was supposed to be in foal to Acton, by Lacydes. After some bargaining, ! gave a rick .of hay for her,. which I valued, at between £.25 and jS30t and she went to'join ;my other inares-Gold Dust, Dodona, Decolettee, Ragman Roll, and Bignonia-at my little slud farm. Liking the mare,: I determined to 6cnd her to Lord Ronald, then at Badminton. Her foal died almostas soon «is born, as oneother had | already done before, but. she thus caught the i eye of a good judge in the Duke of Beaufort, 1 who asked me about her, and bought her from me at Doncaster, in foal with Lord Strsth nairn, the only other living foal she has had until this season. A finer.- tempered mare could not have been, and she was a great favourite of mine, always showing a great deal of the "West Australian sort about her- a Melbourne with quality." . ' "Augur" writes in . the Ansirahaian : uWe shall .soon, havo the Hon. Wl Robinson's string amongst us, for a cable gram from New Zealand announces that Thunderbolt, Disowned, Silver Prince, Eufi lade, and Engagement were to leavo Auckland for Sydney this week. This is a very strong, team, and if the New Zealand sportsman has auything like luck, he should appropriate some of'tho.good things that will.be dispensed fat Elemington in the spring. Thunderbolt: is an old friend, for he started for the Y.R. C. Derby last year, but did not perform up to the expec tation of his owner, and friends. ' Disowned, who is by Albany. from No Name,: won-the Canterbury Derby and the Auckland Derby, running the.first in 2 inin. 42^ sees, and the" oilier in 2 rains. 42 sees., so thathe must; be a pretty good animal. He and -Thunderbolt are, both engaged in the Melbourne Cup, Disowned at S.st. S ibs. and Thunderbolt at 7 st; S lbs Silver Prince,"who is half-brother to such cele brities as Goldsbrough, Robin Hoo^t and Maitini-Henrv, is another of Mr. Robinson's Melbourne-Cup representatives, and he has tie" nice weight of 7 st. 3 lbs. Enfilado is by Musket from Onyx, and is therefore . full' brother to Nordeafeldt, ..while Engagement is full sistor to" Martini-Henry. Eufiladc and Engagement are both nominated for the Derby, and the former has 0 st. 12 lbs. in the Mel bourne Cup." The following is an: account of the Hard en cko Stakes at Ascot, in which Ormonde beat Minting aud Bendigo. Tho. customary hour's interval allowed the necessary preliminaries in the weighing-room to bo easily disposed of, and gavo visitors a welcome chance of lookingover the cracks as their toilettes were being ad justed in the paddock. Well before time the police, uuder tho supervision of Inspector Dun lop. had cleared tho course, and all was in readiness for the advent of tho four com petitors. : Each of them was led in the march past, Ormondo showing the way to Minting,; Bendigo, and Phil. Minting and Bondigo wore cloths on tlioir forelegs. Ormonde was the first to ".turn in tho canter, followed by Minting and Bendigo, with Phil last, and a few moments later tho whito flag was flutter ing in the breeze at tho starting-post. At the . first attempt the quartette were on the move. Minting, at once jumping into his b»t, shot to the front and showed the way to Ormonde, who in turn was clear of Phil on the outside, with Bendigo lying at the latter s quarters. On settling down Minting sli«rlitly in creased his lead, and went a own tho hill with a three lengths' lead of Ormonde, .who. was . still. .clear. of- Phil,. who in-turn had. a slight lead of Bendigo. With little alteration they ran through the Bottom, but as they ' passed * the' brickkilns the pace, ma terially, improved. Minting was now striding along 'with a length and a-taif lead of Ormondei at whose heels lay Phil, while Ben digo, who was pulling hard "for his head, was snlllaat. Rounding" the bend for home closer order was taken, ana as they entered the line for home the pace told its tale on Phil, who was here beaten. Minting, on the rails, came into the'straight attended by Bendigo, who now took second place, while Ormonde, on the outdide, directly, afterwards drew up to Mr. Barclay's horse's quarters. For a few strides Bendteo flattered his supporters, but at the distance he faltered, and Ormonde drew alongside Hinting, the pair coming on locked together, running neck and neck until 50 yards from home. Here Minting got his head in front, but Ormonde, answering gamely to Cannon's call, again drew level, and getting the best of a magnificent finirfi, won by a neck, amidst a scene of indescribable excitement. Bendigo was third, three lengths behind, and Pliil last. Time: 2 mins. 41 .2/5 sees. Value of the stakes, £2,387. The special commissioner of Life writes: "The greatest meeting of the decade .will, perhaps, be the universal award given to the Ascot j t is t: placed amongst the archives of the past. .It has been full of sensational sport, and, to crown all, the three best-known horses iii the imiverse met to decide once for all what may be justly called the Championship of the Turf. My respect for the whole trio has been of the greatest ever since _ I' first made their "acquaintance, but I have perhaps had .a keener 'fondness for Minting, and I can still scarcely regret that I stuck to him to the last, in a eort of hope that he would avenge himself on the mighty Ormonde. It wasnotto.be, though, and gallant as the fight was, Ormonde Is still the greatest horse of the day; It is not likely thit they .will,ever measure swords again, and as Matthew Dawson said 'tb me on "Wednesday morning, Minting was only unlucky to be born in "the same. year as Ormonde, as in tho majority of seasons he would have been far away the best of his year. It seems almost like a national calamity that Ormonde' is afflicted with a complaint that breeders and racing ' people generally looked with dread upon, though the deeds ef such a great horse may perhaps qualify opinions upon the subject arid whenever Ormonde does come to the stud it will be a question such as Lord Falmouth solved when he bred from Cantiniere, namely, that no one could afford to miss such an animal. Thus, despite all drawbacks, Ormonde must become a fashionable sire, and perhaps the three future stallions of the age came together to-day in battle array. "Whether in firmity did impede Ormonde, or whether Minting has come on more than his rival may be a moot point, but I must express a leaning to the latter ideai, and I feel sure that this id the feeling entertained by Minting's trainer. They are both great horses, and the honour can "well be felt by their owners in the pos session of such animals. And neither., id Bendigo disgraced. The Ascot meeting has shown that there were just two heroes before him, and'I expect , there will be several op portunities for both the beaten ones to wind up their careers with good wins in races of; great importance." Tilings' worth knowing . "Watte, the English/jockey, receives a ro-r iainer of £5,000 a year ?rom' Mr.; Abirigton. He was presented with £1,000 for winning the Derby. , "... V' - . That arioffer to backjSiagara for £500 agsirist Abercorri ior the Derby found no taker., That Niagara has riot been well of late, and "Augur";advises people.to tail.-off for;the present.' / That Lord Alingtoh'arid Sir F. Johnstone refused £10,000 for Friar's Balsam, at Ascot.. . That the entries for .the Q.T.C. Handicap aro good; ' .' ' .Y-V's" 1 That SmithhamraeredSlavinwell last Mon* day.' 