"And the Swing: Went a Little Bit Higher." If was a building of the most saintly looking order, with all the outside look of a chapel about it, and I (writer for the London L. Vt Gazette) laughed as I saw the medley of forms and faces crowded there. Lovers of the P.R. and there with a few clerical-looking figures, who had oome in expectation of hearing. the strains of Beethoren and Mendelssohn, to.be followed by a military tournament, and gazing horrified at (he turn the affair was taking. One pious fellow in front of me especially attracted my attention towards him by the agony of his gaze as he found himself jammed between two bruised -faced gentlemen whose throats wore swathed with party coloured mufflers. I was pleased to see how well the large-eared a and short-haired patrons of the noble art behaved. Audno wonder, for it seemed as if the ghosts of all tbe departed water-drinkers were floating in the air, so chilly and severe was the atmos phere, What inui termed in Che programme " a dossicalconccrt" turned out to be an ordi nary music-hall entertainment of . a not over-elevating type. The agony of my pious friend's face deepened as a pair oi nigger minstxris followed an Irish comic sioger, and when tbe serio-comic lady bounded before us in very short skirts and with very stout legs he gasped as if he hod fallen suddenly into a tank of very cold water, adjusted his spectacles, aud t stared incredu lously as if he could net believe the sight re vealed to him by bis eyes ; but when she sang something about " And the swing went a little bit higher," with characteristic illustra tion, Iip pulled bis hat fiercely over his brows and literally fought bis way out. At lost the event of the evening came on. Jem and Fooley were announced, and a round of ap plause greeted their entrance. Belts and cups were exhibited. Mace, iu bis white continua tions and flesh-colored biuglet, was a perfect model of middle-height manhood — nimble and easy in his movements, his eye keen as tire, bis hand as quick as lightning, and when the wind-up came tbe rapidity of blow and guard was simply marvellous. The excitement of the audience was most intense, culminating iu au enthusiastic roar which must have startled the whole neighborhood when a stratghtleft- bander floored poor Fooley. Jem laughed that night as he pocketed his share of the takings over the trick played on tbe proprietor of the ball. In the open Amateur Mile Handicap at the Kildare Athletic Sports, London, E. Leaver, of the South London Harriers, in receipt of G yards from scratch, finished third, beaten by only 3 yards in the remarkable time of 4min. 21 2-5ih sec. This, says The Field , stamps Leaver as the best amateur mile runner of the day. We should be inclined to include tho pros, as well, for Leaver is a comparative novice, and George, Cuinmings, ana Snook hAve before now done tbeir best on the same ground, and have been unequal to such a per- formance. At tbe same meetidg, A, B. George. brother of the professional champion, secured both quarter and tpo mile club races with good ipTunnauces. Wharton, the amateur champion sprinter. who by the way is a coloured youth, appeared at Widnes, and though he won both 100 yards and quarter was scarcely up to his old form. Ritchie, the Yorkshire football player whom we believe to be the best amateur sprinter alive, appeared at the sports, and won his heat in the 100 yards iu lOsec., but failed to secure the final. We notice with satisfaction chat Bob Hindle, the ex-half-iiiile chamuion( and rival and contemporary of Donald Dinnie Frank Hewitt, etc., isactiug as starter for the principal Scotch meeting. Not only was Bob a fiver himself, but he also brought out such champions && (Jammings, M'Leavy, etc. W. B. Page, who is now in England, suc ceeded, prior to his departure from America, in cWnng G feet 2 inches in a high jnmp at Brooklyn. We learn from Land and Water Ybat Page is only 21 years, and stands but 5 feet GJ inches. This latter item is startling, ; since height is a great advantage to a high jumper, and in fact all previous champions have been tall men. Brooks and Bavin stand ing each about 6 feet. We may next week be able to publish an account of the Amateur Champion Meeting held at Stourbridge on the hid and 4tb July, which should be especially iuteresting, judging from the excellent oer- fortnances we have noted of late, and for the number of new men in the field. Recent English sporting papers record some extraordinary pedestrian teats at the summer meeting of toe London Athletic Club C. C. Woodi toe quarter -mile champion, after tieing vrito theJSO yards teoord in toe preliminary heauAh handicap was only just boaten by two or tttreg inches ra the -Goal heat the time for which was 14 4-5sec. Subsequently, Wood tried to brat the record for 220 aud 2® voids, and came out of toe ordeal in fine style.1 His time for toe shmter distance was 21 'dfoec., and for the full 250 yards25|sec 