' '•O-irfcy-;OJ *»/£•;• TIJJJ f'AJtCICUIt. The first rift in Premier Parlies Minis terial lute lias just appeared, and as a natural consequence, the more he twangs it now tJje harsher are the sounds emitted. The cause of the crack is simple enough. Mr. Foster plainly asserts Sir Henry plainly promised that if he ever had a Supreme Court Judgeship to give away, (and it was very probable he would), he would certainly offer it to Mr. Foster. Shortly after this Mr. Foster suddenly discovered that a sixth judgo was absolutely necessary in order to keep our judicial affairs from slithering away into everlasting chaos, and he had little trouble in persuading his colleagues to chimc in with his views on the subject. Mr. Foster's next move was to draw up a bill proposing the appointment of the the extra Solon, and 011 this being put forward by the Premier the House promptly assented to the measure. This was hardly done before the ! prudent Attorney-General planked his claims to the billet before Sir Henry who declares he was as surprised when he saw the document as if the ghost of Father Noah had appeared and asked for the loan of an umbrella. In one of the private letters which followed from Mr. Foster's pen, that far-seeing gentleman most truly observed that " human life, like the life of Ministries was uncertain, and a bird in hand is worth two in the bush." No one know this better than the Premier, for ho has felt the Jirst upheaval of' the coming political earthquake already, but touching the bird referred to, (which was a playful style of alluding to the vacant judeship), Sir Henry failed tosoo that his dear Foster, was " the man for Galway," Mr. M..1J. Stephen is Mr. Foster's senior at the bar, and lias frequently performed the duties of n temporary Judge with much credit, but very, little monetary profit to ln'in .s'eif.-fflnd weighing all things together the Premier gave the billet to Mr. M. li. Stephen, and Mr. W. J. Foster at once declared he had lost all confidence in the Ministry, and it will have to struggle along for the future without his valuable assistance. Sir Henry is positive lie never made any promises to Mr. Foster; Mr. Foster re-asserts he did, and there this shady business stands for the present. As a fitting wind up, before closing shop for a week, the House had another all night sitting with the usual bad result, i Mr. ' (McMillan declared lip had very little '.confi dence in tho ..Government,-Mr. McElhono said'Mr. Toohey was inebriated with his own tanglefoot, Mr. Toohey .called Mr,.McElJ.ione a • low blackguard, Mrllayhes, thenewly elected for Mudgee,-made his maiden speech, and. Mr. Vaughan-'called him a d: d liar in the middlo of it. That's about all the import ant business that was transacted except the ••fact of Sir 'Enry actually 'rising up and de, claririg he didn't think much of the Speaker's ruling, and as the present speaker was put up and strongly, supported by the Parkes' party, it would seem as if thero was an other split in the Ministerial organ now. Mr. •Hiiynes seems likely to bo a valuable, addition to the House, so far as slangwhang ing and fun are -concerned, but.it is to be hoped lie will 'ease'oft on' these points and . tackle something - of more importance. Being an old pressman ho should be aware of tho shameful gag which now prevents the .Press from fulfilling its proper mission and ' standing boldly out for tho rights 'of the people, .and lie would scoro well therefore if he took'this, matter in hand,-and sot about its remedy. As a.snmple of how a news paper proprietor is now handicapped read the following Bribane item :—" F. F. Swan wick sued. C.Mills,.printer and publisher of the Brisbanp Telcfirapli, for the recovery of £50. penalty for publishing tho following ad vertisement :—' Lost, black and tan terrier. Finder, handsomoly'rewarded. No questions asked;': ' The action;was brought under the Xarceny Acfc, which provides that whosoever shall publicly advorsise a reward for the 'r.et.urn,;of any lost or stolen property, and use' any words importing that 'no questions would bo asked, shall forfeit £50 to'any per son suing for tlio samo; Judgment given for plaintiff, with costs. In a second action for printing : the same advertisement a similar, judgement was given." The in attention or ignoranco of a counter boy is therefore at ! any time likely ■ to pot an | un fortunate newspaper oditor for moro money in half-an-hour than lie could 'earn by diligent labor in half-a-year. ; Considering; that Mr.- Salamons in i tho: Upper House positively tefused to give,any > information as to the state • of .our defences 'lest th'e Roosliifins or ^ho'. Prqosliians, or. the Esquimaux, or the Digger Indians, or other , .hostile fo'ep should take'advantage of jpur boautiful mipreparodness and wip'o us clean :offj the map i< with • one fell swoop, ' the momber!'for..Pehritlil: must';have caiyglit: the < Prelhier on; tho.'.liop; when lie, foolishly ad-' ,;mittod to.!Mr.-Leo8 that, we-had barely !.enough .ammunition on hand just now, for war purposes, ; and our , volunteer 1 braves ^would,.iii consequence thereof,, bo compelled ^ to either makoiheir own powder and bullets; * or''else do as th'oy do in the Silibaboo •Islands, viz.;—go without. Our war de partment must bo a mighty soft sort of customer for the home authorities to deal with too, when stores, which were ordered two years ago, are not yet to hand. When it takes us over two years to import a torpedo and another year to fire it oft', it does seem as if we were in rather a shaky position, and I'm not sure it wouldn't bo'better to arm our warriors bold with bows and arrows, and the Irishman's rifle that never misses fire, * * * Apropos to the " obsolete " cannon which the grand old mother country is endeavour ing to foist on her simple minded little children, the Jin Pan, Hongking, gives an interesting account of the bursting of the lniyost gun at Port Arthur. It nppoars that a highly scientific officer having ex amined this gun repaired the cracks in it, seven in number, and then endeavoured to tire it, but found it would not go oil". Astonished at its silence this military savant removed the brcech and found the charge was heated, but not ignited. Then the highly scientific officer left. He might have stayed, and made some important dis coveries that would ultimately revolutionise tho whole urt of war, but lie didn't. He was not ambitious, and when he saw the thing smouldering gaily and just commencing to Jha, ho thought that the farther he got away from that gun the more there would be loft of him for. other purposes. Thcre ioro, lie " got," and shortly afterwards I there was a burst of thunder sound, and not a vestige of that gun was loft—not even the maker's name. And it is stuff like this that will'probably be shunted on to young Australia. ' ; * ■, *•' *, ■ H - ■ Twenty three celestial' gaffers''were hauled up and fined-at, .the Central" on Tuesday last for playing the game which they well understand in a cunning little den in Goulbum-strect. "What we are hunger ing to hear now is tho arrest of 23 white " swells," who " rattle the bones" and " shuffle the pasteboards " night after night at certain high toned clubs, and who win and lose more in one hour than the heathen j do in 0110 year. Apparently, the law was not made for such as these. * * * It was the ,cat I Now that the winter season is closing in fires are bocoming as great a necessity to the poor as his Sunday beer, but owing to tho disgusting vigilance and, unseemly, curiosity of our insurance companies, n.o small amount of genius is required to pull a conflagration off success fully.'' .<A genuinel 'artist in- this line" lias, however, turned up in the'person of a gentleman , whose .address wo will give for the present as Mr., Nemo, No. 1, The Bush, Australia'. Twice since this year began has this enterprising artist's shop been burnt to cinders in his absence, and tho insurance agent in his district, smelling a mouse, re cently investigated the matter and dis-; covered how' tho rosy • little game was played. Tho cute incendiary fastoned tempting pieces of fish round a wire hoop, placed tho lioop on a tabl6 in a black room, and in the centre of tho lioop he fixed a lighted kerosene lamp. Then he turned half a dozen hungry cats into the room and went off to discuss Home Rule, and tho like, with a grocer round the corner. < The 'cats of course fought for tho fish, the: lamp was capsized, the house most effectually set. on fire, and; tlie owner- satisfactorily proved lio was absent when tho fun began. It would seem, liowover, that 0110 of tho cats " turned dog " on tho fire work's' artist as tho insurance company- declines to settle, and promises to makematters as warm fox Mr. Nemo as he made his stores for them. . # # •* The champion suicide on record is. that of a party.by the name of Gyrus- Fislie, of St. Louis, U.S., who put himself away, in tip top stylo ii few weeks ago. Whatever Cyrus undertook to do he did it well, as the foll owing programme will show. First of all ho fixed above his bath an amateur sort of gallows with three ropes, from one of which hung a pistol, and from another a razor, and ..then he rigged up a candle in such a position tlmt'after about 10 minutes 'time"it'' would burn through the third rope, at the end of which was a noose. Having fixed everything up to his satisfaction lio stoked up the stove and set the water in the bath boilihg, lit tho candlo, got on a little plat form,, and put the nooze round his neck, poured the korosene over liis clothes, and' set himself oh fire, cut his throat with the razor, shot himself with the pistol, and then hung blazing like a tar barrel until the rope was burnt through,'when his over roasted remains fell into the bath and were literally boiled to rags. As, the Nooze would say, the misgliided man is' now* dead; Something .similar.was,once tried on by a Frenchman who fastened, a. ropo'.to a, bridge, and having first taljon 'a' doso of pr'ussic acid, slipped the nooze round liis neck, threw himself off the bridge, and fired a pistol at 'his head as ;ho"wiis falling. _ Strange to say the whole affair was a failure. Tho bullet't, missing its mark, cut the.rope in two, the man ,'fell into the water, which being salt, acted as an emetic and relieved him of tho poison,' a" policemen fibbed him out by the sag of his pan is, and a judge sentenced him to 12 months imprisonment for his- miserable attempt at. suicide. *< \- •* # They tell this tale of an old Itivcrina (N.S.W.) sheep breeder, who, although a church deacon and a most estimable man in general, will indulge in the rosy occasion ally—that is to Fiiy, whenever the oppor tunity offers. The reform committee at tached to his district manured to persuade him to sign the total abstinence ticket, sub ject only to (lie sheep-washing periods, when even the strictest never-toucb-ifc on the card admitted that a small stimulant (in a buckt) was absolutely necessary. Matters didn't seem to mend very much, however, and reports being received at headquarters that the deacon was playing the wild man of the woods, a select com mitte was deputed to call and exhort with him, and point out that 47 whiskies a day was rather overdoing the exceptional clause in his pledge. The deputation arrived on a lovely Sabbath morn, just in time to find the erring brother in a state of total muddle and yarding a flock of sheep. Just as the leader of the evangelist was about to open up, the Glenlivet punish or caught him by the collar, and explained, "Look here ole Tier, yon know Izlio got pumisshin take a drop when sheep wash is onv Very well, you see that bloom in' ram over there? Well, he's th" cleaneshfc sheep in all Bivor ina, bar nono. Tliatsh a fact. I have the ruddy beggar washed every fifteen minutes." Then the deputation took something' them selves and retired. Sheep washing was again in full swing before they struck, tho road. •* •* * If rumor doesn't lie worse than a con tinental cablegram, or tin epitaph, tho re cent all night sitting has got two of our members into a pot nf exceedingly hot coffee indeed. It appears that these festive gents sent word to their unsuspecting spouses that they would be detained' ou " dooty " at tho House all night, and then, while tho said spouses wore lamenting ovor tho cruel way in which their poor, dear hubbies were being sacrificed on the' altar of their country, the frisky patriots wore skipping round town with divers other gay devils like themselves, and having quite a rollicking hallelujah time of it in general. Meantime,' however,- long before -morning dawned, special messages were posted, to these two worthies' homes with noteB re questing their immediate attendance at the Housei these notes were opened; by. the patriots' wives, and 'then, as'.the 'Maori prophet, Te Whiti, would say, "tho.egg was blown, tho potato was cooked,- and ■ tho whole rackot busted up." Nothing short of 80 guinea sealskin jackets can.cover tho ladies aching hearts no>v, and the bowled out revellers have since taken an oath to never go out after dark, oven though tho sky should fall, or tno good government go bung for over. 