A Christmas Pantomime in the Dog Days. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] BY H. HAGGARD. A Christmas pantomime in the old country suggests frost and snow, holly and mistletoe, roaring fires and snap-dragon; and its specialities are gorgeous scenery, a materialistic fairyland, "peopled by fairies whose chief feat ores *>re their legs, and dressed in the very deoollett-e style so fashionable in fairyland, coloured fires, and lime light s. At the present time all these things are as necessary to a pantomime in Auitralia as in Lou don, and it is no rare thing for an English panto mime whioh has done its season's duty to be exported to the antipodes en bloc. But the par ticular Australian pantomime I have in my mind's eye was not of the present day, but of the loag ago, as dramatic history in the colonies, where events march rapidly, is measured. In the Australian pantomimes of those days, and especially those produced in Queensland, there were certainly legs—not always the most shapely in the world, and generally presenting a crumpled appearance abauttheknees—buta, genorally, very necessary economy was observed by managers as regarded scenery and costumes. It must, in justice, be recorded that however bare tho trea sury, and however much the ' ghost* might halt in its walk, there was never any stint in tho article of red fire, by whose odoriferous aid many a skimpy transformation scene was eksd out. Our only theatre—there had been another, but it bad undergone transmogrification from a temple of the drama into one devoted to tho worship of Bacchue—compared unfavourably, from au archi tectural point of view, with the histrionic edifices of the Old World; say La Scala at Mildn, for in stance. Bnt if it had no great pretensions it was at least good enough for the times, and tha audieuccs of those days enjoyed the drama in its dingy home quite as much as modern audiences do in more fitting temples. The auditorium of our unique theatre resembled nothing so much as a ship turned upside down. Needless to say the stage was not a marvel of mechanism, nor was it adapted to the production of pieces requiring a crowd of performers or a big display of 'marvel lous scenery' and * startling effects.' Still many of the pieces produced were put on carefully and, for the times, liberally, not omitting pantomimes. Our managers were very conservative in those days, and except in the very hardest of hard times, theatrically speaking, never failed to give us a Christmas pantomime, and with a red-hot poker in it too, notwithstanding that this time-honoured implement was hardly needed to remind us of our general state of calidity. For the dramatic event of the year, the Pantomime, tho whole resources of the establishment were put into requisition. Half a dozen very young ladies, willingly absent from national school for the occasion, and a similar number of men—mostly new (mums down on their luck, and who had not yet come into the fortunes so lavishly promised by the Agont- General in London—made up the ' host of auxiliaries' who presented so capital a show on the posters. The best scenic artist in the hemisphere—but too often a mere splodgor, > only just out of the ' pruning* stage of his profession—was specially engaged—at an enormous cost of course—to paint the 'entirely new and extensive scenery,' some of which when presented bore a suspicious resemblance to some of the stock scones so familiar to the eyes of habitue's; and the costumes were announced to be more gorgeous and elaborate than anything of the kind Hitherto seen on this great island- Continent. These promises wore kept, more or less—a little less than more, parhaps—butin tho3e days we had simpler tastes thin now, and, theatrically speaking, a little wont a long way. At the time of which I am writing the theatre was ruu by an actor-manager—not The Actor- Author arid Manager of course but an actor manager. If I were to say that he was a better actor than manager, I should hardly fear con tradiction. lam sure he did not make a big fortune by his undertaking; but tbe play-going public had the benefit of his excellent dramatic taste, and as a result many enjoyable productions. He, too, was conservative in the matter of panto mimes, and one special entertainment of this class which he produced remains, for reasons to be now explained, indelibly fixed in my memory. Boxing Day was at hand, and all was f overish haste behind the scenes at the theatre preparing for the pantomime. The stage looked as though strewn with ships' timbers, for the individual who had charge of the mechanical department, and who, it was jocularly suggested, hal aa interest in a saw-mill, put the most masrive timber into his work. One of the 'effects' whioh was to enhance the beauty of the * Realms of Paradisiacal Perfection' waa a revolving wheel nearly the whole width of the stage. This ponderous piece of machinery, being as yet lnnooant of gas and gilt, was suggestive rather of an elongated treadmill than of fairyland. On the night of the pantomime, however, it was, when gilded and lighted by a ' ground-row,* a thing of beauty aud a joy for five minutes or so. But all v not gold that ghtters. That resplendent cylinder wa3 the cause of mischief bad enough in itself, hut which might have resulted in absolute disaster. It frequently happened for reasons unknown to the outside world that there were strained relations between the manager and his stage hands, strikes being often imminent and some times a reality. On the afternoon of Boxing Day I was thinking of things in general, but certainly not of pantomimes in particular, when a note from the aotor-manager was placed in my hands. It was a pressing note. It told me that nearly all the stage hands had struck, and that, unless a devoted band of friends could be found to step into the breach, the odds against woducing the pantomime that night were the world to a China orange. Would I—he had already sent similar notes to our mutual friends, Brown, Jones, and Robinson—would I come and lend a haud ' be hind?' The quartet of us turned up on the stage half an nour before the performance to receive our instructions. My particular work, if not very difficult, was at least highly responsible. I was to station myself at tbe second entrance, P.S., and with one hand pull off the half of a transparent flat, while Robinson on the O.P. side did the same, and ao fully reveal the last and most brilliant * change' of the trans formation scene. With my disengaged hand I was to ignite a panful of red fire, which stood handy beside me, but the contents of which were, of cour.-e, kicked over just before the supreme moment, and laboriously swept together again by my hand. The flats were drawn off with a little sticking occasionally, and there was revealed to the wide-opened eyes of the publio a perfect vista of pedestalf—three on a side—with an en chanting little fairy on each (the audience could not sea the respectable but by no means fairy-like mothers of these fays standing at the wings waiting for their offspring) while the glorified treadmill revolved with bewildering Telocity, my red fire the while sending forth its ruby radiance. Tho plaudits in the front of the house were deafening, and the actor-manager was just inwardly hugging himself in the anticipation of a long run when— but another paragraph is necessary to tell what next befel. In the ' opening* of the pantomime appeared a cockatoo of gigantic proportions, whose plumsgo was of cotton wool and its motive power a small town boy. As soon as this youth's work was done he proceeded to invest himself in his ordinary clothes, but they had vanished. After much Tain hunting about and many threats of Siunched heads if the missing apparel was not orthcoming immediately, a hint was dropped by one of the practical jokers concerned that the articles might be found under the glorified mill wheel. It took that boy only a couple of secouds to crawl under the machinery and even less time to set himself ou fire at the gas-row, and then he rushed on to the stage in flames; nn unrehearsed and decidedly startling effect. This happened just as my confounded red fire had become well alight, and, of course, added greatly to the terrific aspect of affaire. The respectable mothers rushed on from the wings and carried off the animated portion of fairyland, while the audience tumbled pell-mell out of the thoatie. The curtain was dropped, the cockatoo put out uninjured, and the first scene of the hailequiuade set. Meanwhile the audience stood iv front of the theatre curious as to which of the windows the flames would first burst forth from; but no blaxo appearing and the prompter's bell ringing out invitingly, the audience flocked in ng^iu to their seats with all the air of haviug ouly gone out to get a drink. Then the comic business began, aud ran merrily to an end, nud the audience dispersed to quickly forget, amidst new excitements, the incidents of Boxing Night; but, for myself, I shall never forget that par ticular Christmas pantomime in the Dog Days. 