FREE TRADE V. PROTEOTION. To the .Editor of te Eecning ',pennsy Post. Sm,--I am troubling you again, but would nbt do so except from the encouraging approval of my previous letters which are received almost daily, and, whether I am right or wrong, must continue to pursoo that course whieh commends itself, to my judgment, as conductive to the welfaro of my adopted country. One of your contemporaries, in n "oditorial," laid it down as an axiom "That every Protectionist had a oelfish object in view." If he means a porsonal interest as opposed to the general welfare of the country I must repudiate the imputation as narrow, ungenerous, and untrue, and fling back the ungenerous imputation as being more applicablo to a Free Trader-for I contoend that tihe Free Trade axiom, "To buy in the cheapest and sell in the dearest market," is the very quintssoence of selfishness, the charity which begins and ends at home. The claims of relationship, friendship, and of country are all ignored by it, and such principle may rule the policy of a country until its inhabitants have no money to buy in any market. Free Trade advocates claiom a montopoly if all the higher moral principles-lave of country, wisdom, common sense, purity of motive, philanthropy, and manhood too, and I suppose would assign to any Protectionist no higher position in tie scale of thumanity than of "Little Tomn Horner who sat in a corner eating a Chlristmas pie," and some try even to chain Christianity as a captiva behind the triumphant "Free Trado " chariot. Ras selfishness nothing to do with Free Trade principles? Lot us see. Somen years back a gentleman posed! in Sydney as a philanthropist -his particular line was advocacy of immigra tion. The secret was that he had then the agency of several lines of lships whicr traded to Sydney, and wanted living freight for them. Who are the members of the Free Trade Association, and who finds money for its secre tary, barristers, advocates, and pamphlets P-all philenthropists of course, but all interested as merchants and dealers in the import trade and interested in crushing local industries; but if they only invest in a kerosene company they become Protectionists to that extent. And then sugar duties must in their opinion be uphold because the proprietary of the big company ara Hionorables, Ms.L.A., and absentee capitalists; but of course, like all other intelligent men, they are Free Traders, and we poor imbecile Proteo tionists do not envy them the profits of their inconsistency, because the sugar industry absorbs much labor. If protection to sugar growing lhas raised the value of land in the Northern Rivers from 20s to £20 per acre, has establishleed thriving comnmunities where solitude reigned supreme, it appears to my pigmy undarstanding an unanswerable argument for extending the principle of Protection to othler industries. Only a Free Trader inflated with a sense of his own superior wisdom would be so bliud as not to see that we are drifting towards a time when oven tie merchant will fail to sell his imports through the people becoming too poor to buy them at any nricn. But let us produce a picture of a Frco Trado Philanthropist-that " rara avis, "I a consistent Free trader. 1 bo has several sons. Tom, who has been apprenticed to the iron trade and is married, comes to his father and says-" Father! our boss is going to close the works; he has lost many thousands in trying to compete with German goods." "Well," says the father, "the German mechanio has as much right to live as you; you must find other occupation, or induce your shopmates to labor for 15s per week." Poor Tom goes homo sorrowing to his wife, who hlugs her babo to her breast and almost wishes it dead. Next comes Jim and says-" '"atheer, we are all to be turned offn on Saturday, and Chinamen are to take our places." "Cannot be helped," says the father, " you must find something else to do; John Chinaman has the same right to he in Australia and to live as you." "But," says Jim, "where is the something else '" and he goes and tells his sweetheart they cannot marry. By-and-by the wife and mother says that if their means don't increase Ben and Bill and Fred must go to worlk, and the girls too; but the father can find no senings for either, although he is euro thatin a ee Trade country all must come right, and resolves to live and hope. Meanwhile taxes are increased to support the unemployed, and the father has everything crrshed out of hlim but his glorious, philanthropie Free Tradeo principles. The merchant sits in his counting-house rejoicing at the victory of Freoe Traders in general elction. But in comes the English mail with many letters clamouring for remit tances. The only return he can make istoreply that the goods for which he owes remain in the warehouse unsold, but that in a Free Trado country all must come right; the ghosts of Adam fmith, M1ill, and Jobden will sne to that. A philanthropy which would place a man's off spring upon the .social level with the most down-trodden races-that would see their equal or superior in a Chinese coolie, that loves every land and every people as well as his own kith, kin, and country-is nothing but heartless bosh and bunkum. The argument that Protection is taxing the many for the benefit of one man--the manufac turer-is fallacious. Every man who earns wages from him is benefitted, and the shop keeper with whom those wages are spent is benefitted, and those with whom the shopkeeper spends his profits are benefitted. The benefit is spread through the whole community. Speculation about what might happen were Protectionist principles adopted throughout the world is quite useless and absurd, simply Lecause with the exception of the partial and temporary relinquishlment of them through a portion of the British dominions they are universally acted uponi; but Free Trade theories will not be uni versal until the millennium. The world, foolish as all its states and stateemen may be, is, happily, more practical than theoretical. Even to my littleness the argument about "Foreigners" being multiplied by subdivisions of the colony appears absurd. Most Protectionists advocate inuterolonial Frco Trado. Equally absurd is the argument about trying to grow impossible things under Protection. 1Wo are too praotical for that. But Free Traders would make out that the colony is unfit for any produce, but only fit to consume what merehants may import; and how imports are to be paid for, the Free Traders are as reticent as they are as to tho "something else " which our growing population are to find to do, buht which, parrot like, they are always repeating. Weo want no protection from oar fellow colonists who are on the same footing and have to bear the same burdens as ourselves. But we do admit to the narrowness, if such it is, which considers our own families and our own country men first and the rest of the world afterwards. 1W. MARTIN. 