ffirtrmbs. 13. DalL Cold. Defeat. Theatre. 29 to 16. "Ob, Cattl" Summary on Monday. Slight decline iu wool. Obit—Mi. J. Varley, S.M. The police after that ghost. Gawlerites getting civilized. Mich. Davitt on the war-path. On Monday " Human Nature." The curse of the colony—credit. G.O.M.'a Welsh campaign over. Barometer at noon to day, 29 - 8S. Pitiful appeal from Dr. Cookbara. Charlie to be Treasurer—good joke. No bed of roses for the new Ministry. Last three nights of " The Silver King." Commissioner Peterswa'd in Melbourne. Bakers leading in a much-needed reform. Another lecture by Mr. Parsons next week. Old Jamie Martin much exercised over hit robes. Steam-collier Waratah £likely to go to pieces, Bray and Co. bowled out afttr a gootl innings. Lord Salisbury calling a sugar bounty Con* ference. Mayor Martin has (his lobci re^dy for ti.e Jubilee. Qucenslanders' hot blood being toned down by frost The Chinese Commissioners will vic't us after all. What is to be the policy of the new. Ministay! Dr. Cockburn's speech lost'.the .Ministry two votes. The protection honest people want—abolition of credit. IriBh bailiffs tbsing desed with vitriol and boiling water. Who wrote that letter complimenting Sir John Downer ? Wbo woald ever try to impose on a Bobby —orly a gho^e. Gawler's Mayor Martin robed by the ladies at a cost of £14. Case of suicide or murder in Sydney Coffee Palace yesterday. Another bundle of man-millinery ready for Jubilee opening. Natal will sail from Largs Bay th : s afterse jn at 5 o'clock. Young Woman at Newcastle died yesterday —e-ircd by a .-t. The b'^g.—t majority agamst a Ministry for many a long year. Inferior wools lower, superior samples com-, mand belter pi Ices. The Victorian Assembly sang the National Anthem ye3terday. Victoria proposes to keep foreign men-ofwar outside Heads, Special Jubilee train wanted for .Mayor Martin in his robes. Bulgarians want Prince Alexandt^ for their Commander-in-Chief. Rather hard lines to be chucked jut just before the Exhibitici. Dr. Cockburn unconsciously :Iaid bare the fallacies of protection. Brisbane Irishmen wiring their sympathy to the Grand Old Man. Four special railway trains from Melb. jrne for Exhibition opening. Commissioner Peterswald .looking for wrinkles in Melbourne. " A policy of violence" now advocated by one-armed Mich. Davitt. It is to be hoped Heath will be among the twelve released prisoners. Northern Territory goldfields almost entirely in hands of Chinese. Cheer up Tom. "There's luck in odd numbers," says Rory O'More. The Cradock ghost to be tried for attempting to impose on a policeman. Thanks to Dr. Cockburn, provisional teachers may now get married. It is unsafe to quarrel with any M.F. now;, he might be a Minuter to-morrow. Lord Brassey kindly volunteered to becoma guarantor of the Jubilee Exhibition. Sydney Jew bill-dbcounter charged with forgeries on Bank of New South^Wales. Sun rose at 7.6 a.m.; sets at 4.51 p,m. Moon set at 9.36 a.m.; rises at 8.15 p.m. "The protection we want," said Mr. HuBsey, " is protection of the Treasury." Nobody responsible for late Windsor Railway accident. People must pay the piper. Mr. Bray shows his best qualities in opposition—keenness,'good temper, and fairness. It takes two ladies to pnt Mayor Martin, into his robes of grosgiain silk and sable fur. What will be the man power of the new Ministry 1 The last was a one-man Ministry. Mr. Newland cavorting across the country on a 17-hand horse to catch the Adelaide train. Poor S.A. now running her Northern Territory for sole benefit of Chinese andja fesv officials. Silver ttock of oiber colonies^deprcssin^ genuine investment for the good of South Australia. Mr. Bray will 'now take the position in which he mo:t shine;—lhat. of leader of the Opposition, Are the Ch'nere CommiEsio aers to be polltaxed? Mr. Hopk : us would^say, " Let them be pole-axed." Even bunny IB leaving us in disgust—said to be pouring into New South Wales in tena of thousands. Trickett intends to go into active training and challenge the crack oarsmen of.the world . o row on the Fitzroy River. There is a majority of the Assembly In avour of restoring John Egge the £10 of which he was co basely fleeced. Tbe Directors of several mines in Ballarat have determined to give the'miners a holiday, on June 21, paying them the usual w. ^es. The celebration of the Jubilee iu Sydney will be impressed on the minds of the aborigines by a special distribution of blankets and food. " We require a Ministry < with pluck, energy, and determination, who will have a distinct policy, and who3e .word can be trusted." Mr. Bray should have the permanent office of leader of the Opposition at £1,000 a year. His painstaking criticism would be worth all the money. Who is to be protected—the picklemaker or the vinegarmaker ? the tanner or the bootmaker! the dairy and fruit fanner or the manufacturer ? and who is to protect the poor whe&tgrower; ? Quotation for to day—English Budget^ increased whisky duty, lost, 1885:— Tell them wha has the chief direction, Scotland an' me's in great affliction, E'er sin' the; laid that curst restriction : <\- •• -On aquavitae. Wit and W< dorn has extract I from' its readers the following liBt of the Twenty Greatest Women liv^goa Jaruavy 8. They are in the order given them by tbe majority of votes:-Queen Victoria, Adelina Patti, Ellen Terry, Baroness Burdett-Coutts, Princets of Wales, Florence Nightingale, Miss Braddon, Sarah Bernhardt, Mrs. Henry Wood, Rosa Bonheur, Empress Eugenie, Mary Anderson, Mrs. G'idstone, Mrs. Langtry, Christine Nilsson, " Oaidi," Lady Butler, Mrs. FawueU, Lidy Brassey, and Hairiet Bcccher Stowe. 