BISHOP OF SALE AT WARRAGUL. The town of Warragul presented :I busy scene on Sunday morning in c,. sequence of the first visit of the Right'i Reverend Dr. Corbett, the newly-ap pointed Bishop of the Sale diocese. From a very early hour people began to arrive from the outlying districts, and Warragul, usually so quiet on the Sabbath morning, appeared quite en fete, the white dresses of the girls pre pared for confirmation lending quite a holiday aspect to the streets. The weather was very oppressive, and as the church was crowded from an early hour, the utmost difficulty was expe rienced in obtaining a breath of fresh air. Ordinary mass was celebrated at at 9 o'clock, at which a large number of communicants were present, and both Dr. Corbett and Father Heffer nan were busily employed up to 11 a.m. in completing the preparation of those who intended to participate in the Sacraments. At a few minutes betore 11 o'clock the building was crowded, and the celebration of High Mass was commenced, Father Heffer nan being the officiating priest. A full choir had been gathered by Mr. Small, and, being materially assisted by Miss Josephine O'Brien, the music ren dered was most effective. Webbe's Mass in G was given, the Agnus Dei was taken from Weber, the solo being given by Miss O'Brien in her usual correct and artistic style. She also sang Cherubini's "Ave Maria". with devotional feeling. Dr. Corbett preached the sermon, in the course of which he impressed the necessity that existed for his congregation making all "preparation during the season of Advent for' the approaching great festival of Christ mas. The birth of. Christ was the means of saving them from eternal death and opened the way for their eternal life. They should imitate the example of Isaiah, who when he saw the foreshadowing of the Messiah's coming, cried out with ecstasy. That great event had taken place 1900 years ago, and the Second Person of the Holy Trinity, equal to His Father in all things, and in all power, was still redeeming us from the degradation of sin, and still holding out to us the remedy by which our souls were brought back to His Grace and made children of God. At the conclusion of mass a procession of the young people to be confirmed was formed outside the Church, and, to the num ber of 110, they marched up to the' altar singing the hymn "Faith of our Fathers." The bishop then delivered an impressive address to the children, exhorting them to be always firm in their faith to God and their church. He gave them many examples of the' effect of confirmation, notably, the case of the Apostles, who, prior to re ceiving the Holy Ghost in the form of fiery tongues, were timorous and weak, but who after that solemn event be-I came brave, daring 'illin the service of their Master. He then administered the sacrament, and the service? ter minated. - , . " , The committee appointed to arrange for the presentationr of an address. to the Bisi'op; nainely, Me'?irs D. K~lfii nedy, D. Corinior,; jSn.,°D.: F. ,Mc Grath;' and "J. ". '-Ryan~' napproachied the' altar,' asid.Mr. Kennedy ,in" i neatly worded speech presented Dr. Corbett with 'a framed address, of which the following is a copy: To THE RiceHT REVD. J. F. COBBETT . BISHOP OF SAL. - We, the Catholics of the Warragul Mis sion, embrace the opportunity of your first visit to our district to sincerely congratulate you on your exalted appointment as first Bishop of Gippalund, and to offer yu a moat heart felt welcoine. We appreciate the spirit of profound zeal that has induced you to exchange the prosperous and splendidly organised Mlission of St. Kilda for the scattered population, the rough and laborious duties of clerical life in Gippsland. We know how earnestly and devotedly you have labored in the past; how eminently success ful were your efforts to provide for the youth of your district an efficient system of religious and .secular education. We have also seen with the greatest satisfaction your unflinching fidelity to the cause of Irish patriotism. A brilliant past then, gives us every reason to conclude that the career of the first Bishop of Sale will be a prsdent and a distinguished one. We can only offer you our hearty.co-operation in anything you deem proper to propose for the advancement of learning or religion in our midst. You will see for yourself, athat in this new coun trj Catholics have very great difficulties to contend with, and are not overburned with worthly goods; bpt a willing response to your appeals, and.a loving obedience to your teaching we can faithfully promise. Praying that the almighty may spare you long to cule this new.diocese, 'and may bless you every undertaking, we remain your faithful children in Christ. Signed ,on .behalf of the Catholics of the ,Warragul l.ission. .J. C. RYAN DVID CONSOR, JUN. DANIEL Kh:NNEDY D. F. McGRATH. The bhishop in reply thanked the members of ,the mission for the very handsome testimony of their good, wishes they had just precented to him and prooeeded to give them some usee ful advice .ase to the working of th church in the interest of God. In the evening solemn vespers were held, ,when Miss O'Brien again ren dered valuable service, singing with grand effect "O Salutaris Hostia," and, with Mr. Reardon, the "T'antun Ergo." The Psalms, were led by Mr. A. Knott, and the nmusical part of the service waseminently successful. Dr. Corbettagain preached, and dwelt with considerable force on the misunder standing existing:inthe Protestant de nominations as to the honor given by his church to the Mot.or of God. He explained in a very emphatic manner the relationship of the Virgin to Jesus Christ, and prioted out that the homage given to God could not by any pOsible method be offered to Mary, who was simply one of God's creatures. But the relationship in which she stood to Him as mother was sufficient to warrant 'the children of the Catholic Church in seeking her intercession. God commanded that they should honor :their parents, and it was only reasonable to think that Mary, as the Mother of God, should r-'eive honor. On the cross Jesus lad picked out the Apostle John, and said to Mary, " Woman behold thy son," and to' John, "Son behold thy mother." The preacher then pro tested against the blasphemous doc trine the church was charged with, namely, that it gave to Mary, the creature, the homage duoenly to God. He quoted from the prayer-books of the Church to show that it was God and God only that mercy was sought from. He concluded by earnestly exhorting the parishioners to rally round their church, and by their example prove themselves truly christians. 