l'are \VALO,lEN$In N \VALL YS. - It tho heart of their louontains is aituated the most interesting, perhaps, of all thleir valley. It was in thlis retreat, walled round by "hills whose headl toscl heaven," that their baihrs or pastors, from all their several parishes, were wonllt to leet ill anoal synod. It was here thalnt their college stood, and it was ]tere tlhat their missionarics were traited, and, alter ordilationo, were sent fortllh to sow lthe good seed, as opportuuity offered, inll other tl ds. Let u- visit thlis valley. We acend to it by the loug, :narrow, and windiliigAigrogna. Bright meatdows ellliven its entralnce. The mlountains oi either laund tre clothed withl the vine, tihe mutlberry, anid the clrhestnut. Aont thle valley contracts. It becomtes rough with pirojrctilg rocks, and shady with great trees. A few paeor farther, anod it rexpands into n circular lbaEin, feathery wiot birches, musical withl [alling waters, environet d atop by naked crags, fringed wilth dark piuies, while the whlite peak looks down cupoi oae out of heaves. A little in advance tlhe valhe.y scets shut int by a mouatainous wall ldrawn right across it; and Ieyond, toweriog sublilmely up ward, is seen i anasemblnge of snow-clad Alps, amid whlich is pl;aced tie valley we are in qiluent of, vwhore burned of old uthe candle of the Wailienses. Sotme terrible eonvulsaiou has rent this mountaint from toli to bottomr, opening a piath throtugh it to the valley bo yolud. We enter the derk chasml, anud piroceed alotg on a narrow ledge in tolf( mountain's side, Itung ialtI way between the torrent, which Is Iheard tltuderiltg in the abyss below, :nd tile summnits which leai over us above. Journeyilg thus for about twvo miles, we lind thie Ipass b~iegiiug to widen, tste ligllt to breake in, il ev now we arrive at tihe gate of the Pra.--'assdl's ldistoee of 'srotcatl' tism. 'j'o.()fSITOOLeS.-A common object of tho country ot tiis period of tile year is the funguse ai , swIrvely less familiair, in woodeid districts espeeially, tile fIng :s hunter. Ite is usually of a serious sort, antil tinoy be seen fortively terning over dendleaves, as if loolking for thle remains of a corae which hIe knows to be tlhereabouts, and vet dreads to discover. Every now and thein hs picks iup a mouldy-looking thing, smells it, anl puts it into his bag. Tile Iursuit evidently depreosses him, nid melancholy might hr less aptly symbolised than by a fungios tIuter sitting in a damp wood catilg raw tondstools, wvtilout salt. Toa:dstools have been miuch misuonderstood. The rustic calls them "toadts nleat," and tramples in his own ruinous htonailed fasliion upon theml whlen hie sees thlcm. Everybody tthiiks ill of tIhem. Bloys throes stoi~nes at them, nuld mten io passing hit themn with their nwalking sticks, as if they were some khid of a nuisasnce. The exact explanattion of this violent mannter of treating tcadstools may be that they are the vagabonds of tle vegetables, and without visible means of subi aisteuce. Tllnat plants ltould grow out of tho ground is naotural enough, but thalt they should sprout up rheerfully in a niight on the side of a paling is not nlttgethler reasonable. iRooted to a teopenny nril, they illate tllemselvrces wcith moisture as if iroimongery were succulenlt anud sappy. Give them a woet brick and they will make the desert blossonm as a rose, covering the sterile surface with a juicy pilantatiot of young umbrellas. They are, indeed, tile most easily satisfied of all vegetaiblen. Orchids, it is true, are not cxanetilg, for they will thrive upon a leg of a clanir or a shovel-full of cinders, alnl throw out such strands of pure and lovely flowers as nsake ni ordinary mano feel too wicked to live in the sname world. But the toadstool goes ahead of tile orchid in its frugality. It will grow inside a cistern with nothing but vino to nourishli it, and shoot two feet loag ia a sinigle night upon a bar of netal. These are facts, and very much to tile creditor the toadstool. Itasks for nothing, and takes it before you have time to antswecr. If you punt down your liat on a damop place tie chances are that it will be filled ult with a puff-ball by the time you want to put it on again. Some monks had a mighty cask of wvine in the cellar, but It seas new; so they closed the cellar for the woine to grow old, antd they let it alone for three years, and thlen went to drink it. tut they hatd overlooked a leak, aid the fwholt of tile vine hald turned into fat vinous funguses, the abbots of all lunguses, whichi nearly filled thIe cellaro, and lad lifted theemptytun, as ilin triumph, up to theceiling. In ltasingtokd, not long ago, toadstools heaved up the pave iment of the street as if they wvere uneasy ghosts, and kiteten hearthstones havo been known to get solemnly up on ed, while spectral funguses thrust their heads out of thie aperture. Even tle puff-ball, which chlildrcn play with, fhas prodigious potettialitics. It multiplies its cells at the rate of sixty millions in the minute, and where tllero vwas nothling the night before you may lilud next moriintg tile groound covered with things as bigas lnnpkhlSt andit solid enough to throwv' at aneighbour. Put a man and a puf'-ball into a suitable cellar together, alid leave themalone, auid th puiff-ball would possitly smother tile moan. So when we laugh at the toadstools we are not hlvays on safe ground. Smutor and rust, dry rot and miilde tSlretldy triumph over us and ours, butauppose 1l'vftperos sItuamoSis took to the growing up on the backs of books in tho library, or upon tie houselold lanniels, invaded osr jamt pots and our cruets, and took posseassion of our boots andn our belongingsgenerally? ePoelieorus s.qutuloltrs increases at the rati of about litus pounds a week, and in a montth measures somet eight feet in circumlference. IlWhat would a cook say tona hundred weiglht of this turbulent toadstool in the larder when aslio camue back to tonwn, or the master of tile house at fituling his study occupied by furlougs of this umbrageous fungus? As it is we grumible at the innvasions of the tiny species of this much-abuesed family, but let us be coutent th.lt their big brothers do not accompany them in tlteir icursions.-o lail)Tit!u raph. _-.. . lT is rad ilck for thirteen persons to sit down together at table, esjecially if there is osly dinset energh for ir'. " s urer like that cat; it's got splinters in its fret?'" was tire excuse of a four-year-osl for throwing the kitten aruay. lIrnAra. 31A fnrw said that the worst of the wind iu warml wratcr is tsrt, with every blow it gives you, it makes you lick tie dust. WV: don't see why advertisers should he so parliaulir is stating that they wish to buy left-offeloth ing. loie can they buy if it is left on? Plor. ST. GtI'Ont- ac MI\rART, in his work on *''ThefCat,"says that" itlraslanguagceofesoudrstoexpreos its emotions"--weich nobody cas deny. MIsS X -- was asked recently which she pro ferred of tre two brothers L---. Sie respondsd: "l When Ism wises either of them I prefer tie otser." FRDnoresoic of Prussia, boasting to an English General of some exploit of one of his regiments, ?aid, "Couli any regiment of yours of the same nurmber of men perform such a feat? " "I dons t iow, sire," was lit answer; "but tilf the rmnber wousl try." A tAnnran lady declined to tell a maiden sister any of her troubles, seeing, " WIhes igoraiue is bliss 'tis folly to be wise." i' Yea," replied ihe siter, "asol 'ee coime to the conclusion that whleie singleness is bliss 'tis foll to be wives." "The wisest of all sayings,"said someone in the hearing of Charles Lamb Kerney, an old Lrnlon journalist, ilis the old Grerk maxim, ' Know thyself.'" " Yes," raid Kenny, " there's a deul of wisdorn in it. * Know thyoelf,' but never intrrduce a friend." PnItEs: "Nou drunken sot! The very beasts of the leihi give you a rns, 'f. rThey leave ofi when they rase qienched their thirst." Paddy' : " Yes, yer riv'rene. rrt where did the bastes iver esreoerass a slsame o' whisky ?" Ar bAnn ohadi favourisoelap- dogwhich she called Prerchanoe. "A singrlar rime," ssid somleboely, "for a heautiful pet, nmdabi. there did yeu ilnd it?" " 01,," drawled sioe, "' it was naried ifter Byron s dog. You re membeer where he says * Perchance my dog will howl".' As Orsran and a friend were walking in the street in Dliblin, thesi' leard a passer-by nse he rwoel ese'osity " for " curiosity." ald tre trierd toerurran, "isow thl t fellow nmurders the irnig's Englisl i " Not so baol as that," observed the rit; " it is not murder quite, he has suly knocked asn i ' out." "I only want to st-ow you one thing more, proiresser. I hrve iaveuted a siort siethod of horing mouutaies, whilch I think will prole very waluable." "MIr dear sir," burst fo:rii tie wecaried listleer, "if you would only invent a short method of boring i'diiidualos, you would r ntei d confer a lasting benreit rpoe the race." Duniare the examination of a witness as to the locality of tie stairs in a house, the couusel s s!-d him, "Which way dl the strirs run?" 'TShe witness, who by the way, was a noted wag, replied that "one eay they run up, but tie other war they ren dows." 'lihe learned rosnr-l siiked both eyes, ansi then to rk a look at the ce-ling. EIITAvIf from a tombstone in the cemntery of Montmartrre: " Hre lies Joselil X., stiho for twenty \- years afier tire death of his wife lived iu the scirety of his mrrihi r-in-taw, arrl died ini tlie hole of a better world beyoud." Wtorx Jlenderson was introduced to Dr. John iosi isl Bolt-erert, Ie asked tire dctlrr's opiiron of the new trag, dy of " Dido" run! its author. "Sir," said Johnlson, s I rever did tire m:si is injury, yet he riould read his tragedy to mre." SisE sat down at the piano, cleared her throat, aul counereed to harurorise. 11cr first selection was, " I cannot sing tire osl songs," asd a gloom fell on the couriany ra- a young 3r an in tsie sorrer whisipered, "And we trust you ire not familir with true new osns." No one sees the wallet that is on his own bahe, tlrough every see carries two sacks-eone before, winch is stuffed with the faults of iis neighbours, the otler beindi, which is filled with his own. OAnsis.n should wear their hair in rowloeks. PasSoNs who can tioe a man down--reporters, GENTIIrTY is said to be eating meat with a silver fork when the butcher is not p:id. NATunAl, I'esnlt of Co-operation-Counter5 iiritation. Or;E of the presents a young lady reeeivc~ was a copy of " Abide with ile." A DANGEOnus Cbaraoter-A man who "takes life" cheerfully. "Jon€, what is that scar on your chin " " T'it rear? Oh, that is a relic of barherism." " Wiles I was tiret married," said a middle eged lady, "my husbanl looked only for hsplriness, but v ir r soon le only found fault." Demn o a lesson on the life of King David, a clars of girls were rsked," Wireokilled tiregiast?" sw'here upos ose replied "Jack." TAILOn (to a stouteustomer): "Have the hind sress to put your linger oe tsils bit of tape, sir-just heres! I'll be round in a mirrte!" GOT'rINr married is a good deal like a game of wh'st-it dcerlds altogether on what kind of a hand you hold. Tote difference between a carriage horse and a 'rianbes wheel is this-sore goes best when it is tired, nud tire oilier toes not. Tue licide's Gift: In Sweden the bride has her pockerb tilled with brord. It is sutposed tlat every piece thut sire gives to tire poor on her say to chorch averts soite misfortene. WHar are Taxes --The axle on which the wheelst of the stlate-coch turi. leriodical bleolirg, perscritret by Govermueirt. lieathers plucked fromo all birds to line tire ituis of a few. A WtAK place: An alranao. " JozteT" oeopation : A butcher's,' Di'AIsT of Time: The middle of an hour glass. How to Make a Tall Man Short: Rob him of Is purse. L:CTUR.:n: " Now let any one gaze steadfastly oer nirry object-say, for iJst-ire-, his wifes eye--nudrhe'll Eee hiisell r0kiing es reeerieg cmall that- SiStrong-minded Lady (in front row): "Hear, hear! hcar I " NEw CunATe: "Then do I understand that your aunt is oe your father's srde or your mothrers?" Crurtry Ladi: " Zmretiners sie snd sometimes tsie other, 'ceptin' whte fbyther whaekse 'err botil, sir ! " AT a wedding the other day, one of the guests, who wes olten a little aboest-minded, observed gravely, MI' have renorkebl that there trave been more women thran sen married this year.'5 MAxt 'TsewIN was asked to contribute to the paper ieured at the fair in, aid of the abused children, in Bolsto, and respoinsed ri follows: r alartford, Coinn., Nov. 30, 1880. Dear Editors,-I do it with plea sure, * ' but I aleo do it witr paln, because I am not in sympathy with tIis movementr Why rirould I wsant a 'S-cicty for tire l'reventies of Cruelty to Cildrlle' to prosper whle I have a baby down stairs that kept me awake several hours last night with no pretext for it buta do-iri to make trouble ? Thisoeeeurs every eight, aid it embi:teors erbecause I see now how inedle-s it was to put in the other burglar alar, a costly ond eormpieated cotrivanee, wsichl eumnot be drpedol I upou, because it's slways getting out of order ard won't 'go,' wsherers, although tie baby is alweys gettiig out of order, too, it tea nevertheless be depended upon, for the reason that tie more it gets out of order thl more it dtes go. Yes, I am bitter agaelst your seeiety, for I think the idets of it is all wrores; but if you will stirt a Eociety for she Prvcention of Cruelty to Fathers, I will write you a whole book.-Yours, with emotion, ,itAotK Sonar time ago a sporting Northumbrian took his wife to Newcasthi to witness a chlampionslip skiff race. Tre pair made for the High Level, where they took up a favourable position. "Thor, they're ofs!" cried the Nertlhumbrian as a prolongei shout rose from the vast ussembiage. "Doye see thim, Jlnny," hs added excitedlv, turning to his better half-" dTe ceo thibis?" ""Yis," enthrisiastierlly re ponded Jinny, "as see thum. The little steamboat's ganuis to win," Her error woss pointed out,whereuon sire turned upon her husband and exelaimerd, "Wha'Iat, ye beggere whsat ! De yr mean to ray that ye've browt us sal the way to see a cuppil iv half-claitred mnci ridin' on planks ? Stop till sa get ye hycm !" TnTm: following advertisement appeared latelywin a provincial paper r " Wanted, a men and hirs rifo to look after a firm, and a dairy with a religious turn of miind without eireunmbrae-o." YVoS, he needed it. J-- was a scoffer and a "tad lot" generally. Meetihg as ofsicer of the Bible Seuiety tie other day, Ie chuecklingly osked, "You give out a good mauy Bibles Is the course of the year?" ''the oiller said, " Yes; very nnny." " And what do you suppose beaones of then, ? " "They fall luet the hands traensel thbeOr, I doubt not." "'Well," said J--, proe tuoing the bookuwith the look of a man who eould say, "Now i'vo got you, where do you ouppose I got uat ? " The man of Bibles couldn't say. "Got it in a rr's smop. You guve it to a sailor, and he sold It for a gl so ol rmu." ." Well," said the other, " I am glad it has fatlen into your hands; I don't know anyone who ee'ds it more." J--- doese't kuow that he mads much si a pobit after all. T'Irs is the season for msaing tours, As the poeet sares-" 'o-ur is humab." So.r: ingenious observer has discovered that there is a remarkable resemeblauce between a baby ard wleat, since it is first eradler, thei threshed, and linally btc±xa- thn dower of the family. 