THt TOtltWfOUs. A GHOSTLY ADVBKTDRH. ("boys' own paper,") Out large home party wail seated round the fire last Ohriatmas Eve, and I waB regaling my andienoa with the newest ghost stories obtainable, when Aunt Fanny tapped me on the shoulder and mysteriously beckoned me out ol the room. 1 My dear boy, I oould not catch your eye/ she said, as we etood in the hall. 4 Yonr little cousin Walter is dreadfnlly nervous, poor child 1 and you mast not tell each sif>vies before him.' Ob, all right!' I replied. 'Walter has become so completely one of the family since he came to live with us that I forgot all about him.' Aunt Fanny trotted off on some house hold business, and I cudgelled my brainB vainly for a couple of minutes for some means of diverting Walter's attention, then returned to the drawingroam with a forlorn hope hat the conversation might have taken a fresh turn. Alas ! my brother Ted, a lad of eleven, was in the midst of our special ghost story, and poor little Walter was shaking with excitement. We Redmans are a strong, hearty race born without nerves,' say some of our neighbours— so can afford to enjoy such weird tales. To appreciate them requires a nice adjustment of strong nerve and imapina. tion, which we Redmans like to flatter ourselves we possess, Now, poor Walter possessed all the family imagination without the nerve- power, and I knew Aunt Fanny's warning was not without reason. 4 Shut up, Ted !' I cried, 'and suppose we have a round game ?' ' Shut up yourself, Frank !' oried a chorus of indignant voices. 'Do yon know that Ted is telling our family ghost story V 4 I have heard that story so many times before,' I replied, affecting to yawn. There was a still more indignant ofaorns of voices, and several pair of eyes were fixed on me with horror, including those of our youngest, a girl of five, who dropped the rosy-cheeked. apple from the enjoyment of whioh no ghost story would have diverted her. Even the viotim Walter, who, after the manner of victims, was snatching a fearful joy from the. story which would send him into fiis of te;ror that night — even Walter looked at me rcproaohfully. ' But something fresh has happened, though you don't deserve to hear about it. Frank !' oried my eldest sister May. ' A green light has been seen at the top of the old tower !' 1 What ! Who says so V I cried, quite forgetting Walter in my excitement. It has been seen within the last week by several of the coitagere. Of coarse it's all nonsense,' added May, vaguely, ' bat it is rather interesting.' I oaugbt sight of Walter's scared face, and the same instant a eolation of the m stery flashed across me. 'Some fellow must have got hold of oar- coloured lightB !' 1 exclaimed. I sent some ooloured fires home before the measles broke oat, and we had to give np our Christmas-tree for the parish. Aunt Fanny, having a sort of notion that the oompo eitioD might blow op at any tims, was nearly frightened out of her wits, and I sent word to Hannah to take the stuff to old Mother Blake's till I came. Some fellow must have made off with it, and is giving the Craniey people a fright.' 4 That notion won't hold water 1' eried Ted, who was ratberon his dignity after my. interruption. ' All the Craniey people are in a dead fright if they go near the tower after dark. Aa for the parish bigwigs, catch them having the spirit to play tricks ! Just fancy the old vicar .or little Dr. Robins, or that horrid lawyer Blake toiling up those wretched old stone steps merely to give people a soare !' Someone snggested 'Burglars !' in a mys terious whisper, and the little ones grew round eyed over the notion of buried treasure ; but that idea was eoon scouted, for there was so little to eteal in Craniey that no burglar in his senses would make the old tower his refuge. In the midst of the disonseion in glided Auct Fanny, who shook her head when she heard us, and gave Walter an errand to the Upstairs sitting-room. 4 Please coma with me, Dot 1' .cried the little fellow, wistfully, and he and the baby of the party trotted off together. 4 That obiid is fairly unnerved, and you < must put him to-rigbts before hiB bedtime, Frank 1' cried Aunt Fanny, in quite a sepulchral whisper. 1 1 did think I could have trusted you !' The obildrcn soon returned, and then the idea struck me whioh was to lead to such on- expected results. 4 Suppose I go myself and catch the ghost/ I exclaimed, 4 as I did two yeare ago ? That oocasion was at the witching hoor of mid night, ftDd now it is only half-past seven, so I can be baok before Walter's bedtime/ 4 Where did you catch him last time ?' asked Walter, anxiously. 4 Catch him, you little goose 1 Why, one ean't oatch a ghost ; it. melts in yonr hands. But, indeed, Walter, though I went- At mid night, and brought home a great; bunch of ivy from the top of the tower the ghost never took any notice of me. I might as well ha "e gone in broad dey light, and 1 am very sure I shall not see it this time/ 4 If you could only "find out about the green light !' oried Alice. Some man - de clared it waB blue.' 4 No doubt. The ghost had evidently got hold of my precious lights, as he seems to have forgotten any other way of making himself conspicuous. They had only clumsy fireworks ifrhls day, so he thinks he will take a hint from the present age. There's a liberal miudedneBB about that old Cavalier ancestor of ours whioh I had not given him credit for/ ' What nonsense, Frank !' cried Aunt Feauy, laughing. ' Go and get more Ivy, by ell means, it only to show Walter what rubMsh thij ?hafc tal Is. It'® a fine Digbt, an-i tbe nouoc will soon be up« The fresjp take y ottr hictcle you can be back in:' notime.' " Of course T cried Ted, for the others had' remembered Walter's nervousness, and none of them would wilfully tease him, 4 you will see juothing ; or if some fellow has been playing trieks you can just pitch into him. Shall I go with yon ?' Thanks, but I would rather be Alone, so good-bye for the present,' and I ran off. ' ; Having only cbme home the day before, I had somehow spent this: day indoors, and: longed tobfe cut in the fresh air. ; Aunt Fanny was never nervous about my big strong self, and as she did not know it was Ted's fault, not mine, that the ghost stories were continued, I fear she was glad to be rid of me. I was soon on my bicyele, bowling along the road leading to the tower, which was to be finally reached by a narrow, old-fashioned lane, bordered withhedgeB. Our ghost story differed little, from inost stories of the sort. Some, old Cavalier ancestor had taken refuge in a ; secret chamber at the base of the old tower, but was betrayed by a treacherous servant. Pursued frnth the baBe of the' tower by the Bound head s, he leapt from its summit, hopiDg to alight upon the leads of the house below. Ha missed his footing, and was crushed to pieces on some fallen masonry at the foot of the tower. Whether the Cavalier and his treacherous servant underwent, a mighty combat on ics roof, or whether the Cavalier had the towe/ to himself, was a disputed question. I thought no more of the coloured lights, being sure that no one in Craniey would dare play tricks with them, but It was a curious coincidence that they should be in the village, which had never possessed such things before. I felt depressed, and in a very different frame of mind from that I was in two years previously, when I last brought back; a trophy of ivy from the grim old tower. We were a merry party then, and had been en joying no end of fun over charades and snapdragon. This year we were disappointed by the illness in the village, which had put down our grand Christmas-tree and entertain ment ; also a nameless worry was weighing upon me. Most people know how hard it is for a large family to keep a secret, especially if it effects them all, and is of an unplea sant nature. Having stayed with friends when I left school for the holidays, I had but just come home, and was sure there was some unpleasant mystery 4 in the air/ The little girls whispered in corners ; May. my pet sister, was nnusually caressing ; and Ted, who is never demonstrative, was more so than usual, nd called me ' old fellow,' in an indefinite affectionate manner, as though I were greatly to fee pitied. I could imagine M&y; saying, 'Poor dear Frank 1 let him enjoy his Christmas Eve in peace, before we tell him what has happened.' Now I sincerely wished they would tell me what was up, yet oould not summon courage to ask. Altogether I was depressed, end the fresh air did ..not produce the desired effect. I got off my bieyole by the broken-down wall whioh surrounded tbe tower, and leaving it bidden in the thick ivy, - walked across a tangled weedy enclosure to the doorway of the ruin. Its crazy stone stepB still continued to the summit, but scarcely one of them was free from gap dent, Or sudden slope, which made the ascent anything but safe. , The eilence bad been intense, hot . as I slipped through , the narrow doorway, a huge soreech owl set np an unearthly noise, and rustled out of the ivy close to me. Why cs n't you wait till the moon comes oat, stupid?' I exclaimed irritably with some vague recollections of Gray 'is poetic owl flashing aeroBs me. But the owl was far away, and my own voice died in a prolonged echo, which made the succeeding kilenoe more awful than before. I am not the hero of this story, to may confess that I rather wished my queit were., over. It wanted all the fun of the jtormer expedition, and this dreariness did not improve my depression. I tried to whistle, bat the sound seemed out of place, anl 1 was pulled up, at anyrate in the whistling, by b sudden slip on an unusually uneven step. I grazed my. bands and kneeB, though I scon recovered myself ; and what At more aggra vating than that sharp, if short-!! ved pain ? I no longer whistled, but made my way up the steps as noiselessly and slowly as possible. Gaution was needed climbing up this crazy staircase in the dark, and I was vexed with myself for so devoutly wishing the expedition at an end. At length I reached the last turn , of the steps before reaching the low Equate room, which was the only room in the tower. Half a dozen steps led from this j apart ment to the room, but the steps : were. . separated from the main staireaBe, As I paused on reaching, this turn I distinctly heard a movement in, the room beyond me. I felt sure this was; hot a ghost, but why any human beiDg wale there i oOnld not imagine. 'Of course no burglar would be here,' I thought, with some natural alarm; Only a manias — -' My heart beat quickly, and I oould scarcely keep my precarious footing as I suddenly remembered an insertion in one of our lqcal papers wh|oh I bad jglanoed at that morning. About thirty miles from CranJey stood our county lunatic asylum, and a desperate lunatic had, said the notice, recently escaped. This was a long way off, but I knew what marvellous swiftness and cunning these poor creatures can display, and the tower would make an excellent hiding place. It was so difficult to imagine anyone oiimbibg to this wretched place for a had purpose, Ec jpposeible to aooount 'for a good parpdEe, that the madman theory seemed to be the most likely Ahd hbw how was I to escape? The man must have heard my "steps on the broken stair ; if I descended quickly I should infallibly break my neck in the dark ness ; if slowly- the maniac would be upon me, with the remit of breaking both our 'necks.' The only thing to do was to advance quiet y into the room, prepared for an attack, which was at lea;t better than balancing for tinlndefinite timb uponaoraRy stone step. 1 1 wanted to say something conciliatory, but eotild not utter a sound as I mounted the remaining steps and appeared In the door way. ' . I had scarcely crossed the threshold when a tall figure, almost hidden by the darkness, rushed oat at me. I gave one eharp ery, and found myself straggling fiercely with this figure, which showed a like determina tion, and was perhaps the more powerful of the two. It seems absurd to say so, when the real danger was at Its height, but a good tangible fight was a relief after the awful fear of the last few minutes. At least I would sell my life dearly ! I was the champion wrestler of my sohcol, and kept my ground, though I recalled awful stories of the supernatural force of madmen. We were both in fearful danger, battling in that small room, with its uneven stone floor and broken unguarded staircase. I was more than ever convinced that my silent adversary mast be mad, for be had received no provocation, and I had nothing valuable about me. At length, conscious that be was gaining ground, I was abcut to make a last effort by means of a certain trick taught me by an old Wrestler, when a very similar mscoauvre was practised upon me. I was taken by surpriee, and I only remember a terrible sensation of falling, falling, from some immeasurable height. v I mechanically raised my hand to brush off a warm drop upon my cheek, only to feel another fall upon my band. Presently I raised my eyes languidly to dieoover the oeuee of the bye erioal sobbing which filled the air, and saw without surprise my old friend Tom B'ake bending over me, in a passion of tears. At first I looked at him composedly, then it struok me that bis conduct was peculiar ; then I took in the details of the room, now flooded with moonlight, and I began to remember. Finally I eat brlt upright, to the amaze ment and delight of Tom. acd wanted to know bow he came there, and where was the madman ? ' Oh ! Master Frank, I did it. There was no madman. I be very had — they all say so ; bat. I'm no murderer, and of the beet friend I ever had !' ' Then you did not know me ?' How oould I when 'twas nigh pitch dark, and I driven wild I couldn't be botched without showing and I thought you were a detective.' 'But I cried out, Tom,' I went on slowly, oppressed by a doll ashing at the baok of my head. Tm» shuddered. ' That weren't your voice,' he replied. 4 1 never heard Buflh a cry !' 4 1 mast get home/ 1 said feebly, or some one, I forget who, will be frightened. Help me home, and then tell me what this means.' 4 Yon forget I can't go home, to face the neighbours and Lawyer Cobb/ ' Nonsense, Tom; you're crazy to-night. Who cares about the neighbours ?' 'Then you don't believe 'em? You trust me still, Master Frank V . Either you or I are mad, Tom ; and when we are at home we can find out which it is.' 'What I. you never heard about it, nor knew I was in hiding, and I dodgiDg about to get a word with you ever sinoe you was due from your laming.' ' I only came home yesterday,' I replied, and then suddenly remembered the air of mystery whioh bad hung over the home party. There was nothing for it but to hear Tom' story, which was indeed a sad one, My friendship with Tom dated from, the time when we toddled about the lawn, un- conscious of differences of rank. Indeed. Tom's father, our bead gardener, and a gruff old fellow- seemed more formidable to me than my own ea?ygoing parent. When eld Blake died his widow kepi a shop in the village. She was fond o|f Tom, but complained that he was always in mischief. He was a regular English boy, < with snub nose freckled face a shock of light hair, and honest grey-blue eyes, guilt- less of a mean action, and the ' most good- tempered fellow I ever met. . Torn was a regular retainer of ours ; he was respectful to my father, ran errands tor Aunt Fanny, was devoted to the girls, who had mostly tried to tame bis exuberant spirits in Sunday school, was proud of Master Ted's orieketing and Master Harry's riding; but between Tom and myself there existed an attachment whioh was almost brotherly. Lst summer holidays Tom had received an order from Lawyer Cobb to attend him at bis house, whioh resulted ih. bis becoming under gardener at The Laurels The pay was fair, but Lawyer Cobb did not bear a good character in the place. I tried to dissuade Tom, but Mother Bleke, as all tbe village called her, had an eye to tbe main chance. Tom oould not oome to Us, as my father was a poor man, with farms unlet and 4 children to feed. We could scarcely keep up our own small staff of servants. As for the lawyer, he koew tbe boy was a good gardener, which . was.ali he cared about, bat I believe he cisliked Tom personally from the beginning. Things went well till just before the be ginning of my Christmas holidays, when Tomfs. master missed A five-pbuud note. Distrusted by every one, it was pot his way to tsx the servants openly acd together, but his search resulted in the note being fonnd In the pocket of Tom's old coat, which hS had bang up Ih the stables while at work. Some people thought Tom very foolish to choose such a place, but Mr. Cobb considered it a proof of bis 'cuteeeps, as moGt people would have passed by such an open place of concealment as the eld eoat, with its one narrow pooket, dangling from the stable - doer. He had surely bad time to remove It, as tbe theft was discovered two tihys after the robbery. Tom was overwhelmed by the sudden BQGusatior. Though he warmly denied his gcilfc, the poor boy was utterly crushed, and believed himself ruined for life. A gentleman's son in Tom's place, unless an arrant coward, wnuld have shown some self-pcsscBsioB, but poor . Tom utterly ooll&pecd;, and oou'd only sob out his inno. eeuce with a soared expression. My father, who oould not at first believe the news, reluctantly changed his tone, not knowing the boy as ; I did. but offered to stand bail for bim. Theboywastoo bewildered to runaway indeed where oould he run to ? for he had po friends outside the village ; at least, eo argued my father, and the neighbours gathered round that crouching figure were of the same opinion. (to bb contint7kd.) 