MICHAEL DAVITT AND JOHN REDMOND. THE QUESTION OF RESISTANCE TO THE EVICTIONS. On Friday laot (reports the Dublin Nation, July 23) the tenth day of the Coolgrenny Evic tion Campaign concluded. Tho result of the day's lengthened proceeding was that four fami lies were forced from their homos. In the case of three of these no opposition v;as made by the tenants to the execution of the fatal decree, and the eviction was carried out without any diffi culty ; but is tho last instance, tho eviction of Patrick Darcy, a stubborn reoistanca was offered to the Emergency man hefors thoy suoaeoded in obtaining possession of the house. Largo num bers of people were spectators of fcbo evictions, and the prosenco of Mr. Michael Davitt, who arrived unexpectedly on the scone about mid day, added a now elomont o£ interest to the proceedings. After tho evictions a meeting was hold, the Rev. Dr. Dillon presiding. Mr. Davitt, who was received with cheers again and again renewed, said : — Father Dillon, fellow countrymen — I regret I have not been able to be present at these evictions before to-day, but that lias been owing to my absence in England and . Scotland, where I have been addressing a series of meetings upon coercion and eviction in Ireland. I could not, if I spoke to you for two hours, exag gerate the depth of the sympathy -which is felt throughout the length and breadth of England, Wales, and Scotland, for those of our people who are being evicted under present circumstances in Ireland by the legalized burglars of the landlord system. But I wish to tell you this fact in con nection with this kindly feeling towards you on the other side of the water, that the sympathy of the British working classes for you will be in pro portion to the manly resistance which you offer — (cheers) — to those who, in the name of an infamous law, violate the sacred right of the domestic hearth stone. And I may say that I don't think the people who liave been evicted to-day are deserving of one .particle- of sympathy from England or any other part of the civilized world. I confess I feel — I won't say disgusted— but certainly very much disappointed, at the little exhibition of courage that has been shown by. W,exforduien to-day. I don't care how much you like these sentiments, my friends. I observe that you are very good cheerers — you can shout a good deal — you can groan at Captain Hamilton, and call names at the TSuiergencyinen — but when two of these came down among a thousand or two thou sand of you, all you did was to cheer and call them names. Tou will never win from English men or from your own countrymen in America one particle of sympathy so long a3 you show no more courage than that. I must, in justice to you, say that you have been advised by people in whose judgment you rely probably more than in. mine. You have been advised by these gentlemen not to resist. I say that when a people, be they of Wexford or Mayo, allow their houses to be broken into without showing any resistance— when they permit the right of the | domestic hoaxthstone to be violated, then I will I make up my mind that these are a people that will never tight for the honour or independence of their countrymen. A voice — We will never fail. Mr. Davitt — No., you will never fail — in talking. (Laughter.) If talking and making speeches and cheering could prevent the evictions to-day you would have gained a very easy victory over your enemies. I am proud to have to acknowledge thai; there has been something like what I will call .Bodyke courage shown by a few boys and girls since these evictions commenced. (Cheers.) I am toJd the Grahams, the Grannolls, tho Darcy girls, Miss Kensella, of Crohan, and the Garveys fought well. (Cheers.') Well. I hope, that as long as the history of these evictions will remain in the minds of the people of this district, the names of those men and women who fought so bravely will be honoured in your midst. (Cheers.) Now, I do not want to. be misunderstood. I have not asked the people of Bodyke, nor did, I ask you to-day, to do. anything that will be rash or suici dal ; but .1: called on them; down there to . show something Hke, rational, resistance in, the defeuce of their homesteads. . '\ ; Iput it to you ttis way, as I put it,; in; England to Englishmen, in defence of the' people of Bodyke. Assuming for argument sake 'that Brooke, the landlord, can claim this land , as his property. . I don't assume that he has that right ; but if he has, what claim lias he to those cottages, built by the present oc cupier or , his predecessors, in title ? Ho has no moro claim to them than I have to this Land that ho calls his own. And when, in addition to gain ing possession^ he orders his myrmidons to break in, he is acting the part of a legalized burcrlar, and the people are justified in resisting that legalized intrusion. In England and Scotland there would be a resistance more determined than the barricades of Woodford and Bodyke if such acts were perpetrated. There is no other country in the civilized world where these crimes would be tolerated except here. If any class in Franco or in America tried to perpetrate these deeds, we would read in modern times of something that might . equal in effect what took place in Sicily when the people in ono night de stroyed .the prestige .. and the power of their French oppressors. The better the fight you make now in defence of. your natural rights as human beings and of your legal rights, the better terms you will get by-and-by when the day of the final settlement of the land 'question comes. (Cheers.) That day is not far off, and you will be fools if -you don't 'follow the manly example of the people of Bodyke .in order that you may earn the 'good; feelings of your own countrymen and ;the sympathy of the'British de mocracy, and win terms for yourselves which will enable you in the future to live in security under your own roof trees. (Cheers.) I have not been very flattering to you, but nevertheless I have said out what was in my mind, and I don't care one jot whether you are pleased at it or otherwise. Had I been inside any of those houses, and were I called upon to sec rny father or my mother, my sister or my brother, turned out in that brutal manner by these r uflians -who are obeying the orders of Brooke, then they would perpetrate those out rages over my dead body. (Cheers.) I am speak ing for myself. I don't want to speak for you ; for I believe until the end of the campaign you'll do what you have done before — cheering Father Dilion, groaning Hamilton, and calling the Emergency men names, and be evicted, and get very little sympathy, and the ' devil's cure ' to you. (Cheers and laughter.) john eedmond's eeply. On Saturday tho evictions wore resumed at Coolgroany, when the proceedings were signa lized by the desperate roGistance offered the Emergency brigade by a family named Byrne. Threo other evictions having been carried out, a public meeting, over which the Rev. Dr. Dillon presided, wa3 held. Mr. John fi. Eedmond, M.P., who was received with loud cheers, said — Dr. Dillon and fellow countrymen, I think the scene we have ius witnessed would be sufficient of itself to vindicate — if such vindication were necessary — the courage of the men and women of Wexford. (Cheers.) 1 don't intend. to address you. at any length, but lam going to ,. make two, or three remarks with reference . to the speech made yesterday by my friend Mr. ', Davitt, and I am glad that he is here to listen to what .£ have to say. (Cheers.) I will commence by saying that no man in Ireland knows better than Mr. Davitt knows that I deeply respect his services and his sufferings for his country ; and I should be the last man living to have even the slightest ap pearance of casting any reflection upon him in his opinions or his words here. But £ -.rant to say that I read his speech in tho paper to-day with regret. It seems as if that speech amounts to a charge of something very little short of folly against the advice that had been given to the Irish people by some of their leaders for their guidance during this struggle, and it amounts to a charge of something like cowardice against the people. Mr. Davitt— No, no. Mr. Eedmond — Well, what I want to say is this, that such an imputation as that would be as un generous as it would be unjust. The advice to which Mr. Davitt referred as the advice of officials in Dublin is not correctly described in that way. That advice was the advice given on the part of Mr. Parnell and Mr. Dillon, and ia the advice which i j supported alao by Mr. William O'Brien ; and if anybody desires to call in question the wisdom of that advice, I think — indeed I am sure — that tho people will not be unmindful of the fact that during the years that have passed the advice given by such men has proved to be wise advice, and not advice that it would be unmanly or undignified for the people to adopt. (Cheers.) But as to the character of that advice, I know of no advice given by any man, official or otherwise, which was not a manly advice, and which, could not be adopted and acted upon by a courageous and self-respecting people. (Cheers.) That advice amounts to this — that the people should present such ;i front to their esteem that, while their de termination and courage and devotion to their homes may be made plain, at the same time they may not engage themselves in an unequal struggle against unequal odds, against the bayonets and muskets of their enemies. (Cheers.) Mr. Davitfc recommends rational resistance. (Hear, hear.) So idol j so do all the men who have advised, either in. ; their individual capacity or ia, tlicir official 1 capacity, the Irish people in this matter. Although yesterday it may be the resistance offered Vy the people was not of a very determined character, I say, nevertheless, that talcing these evictions as a whole, the people have offered to the Emergency crow a rational resistance. The gallant struggle by these young women and men in the cottage below is not by any means the first resistance of this character that has taken place on this estate. (Cheers.) In half a dozen other places similar resistance was made, and the people were brought out of their houses, as we saw them to-day, with their faces streaming with blood ; and taking these evictions as; a whole, no reflection can be cast upon the courage and determination of the people. (Re newed cheers.) I ask what more could the people be expected to do than they have done in this case and in half a dozen other cases ? There are only .two' other courses open. Mr. Davitt yester day said that if he were in the position of one of these' tenants he would resist within the house to the death. ( We^:- that is an advice I frankly tell you I am not prepared to give to the tenants. (Bravo.) 7t seems to me that that advice ought only to be followed if the position of the tenants was desperate. If the evictions to-day were similar to the evictions in the old days — if a man was cast forth1 without any hope for the future, or without any friends at his back, I could understand him then resisting to the death and taking whatever consequences would follow. But to- day these evir tions are only an incident in. the struggle, find believe me- they will press moro heavily on the landlords and the Emergency crew than on the tenants. These men who have been cast out of their homes have other homes that will be provided for them ; they have thousands of friends at home and abroad, and they will not be allowed to suffer. (Cheors.) And I for one — and I bolievo I speak for more than myself in this matter — a,m not prepared to advise any man to sacrifice his life in the struggle within his house. (Cheers.) If that is not to be, what is he to do ? I ask what more could he do than has been done by tho Grahams and in a number of cases on this estate ? Is it not unreasonable to suppose that resistance like that in this cottage could take place in every house on the estate ; and I say tho proportion of cases in which a courageous, determined resistance has been made by the people is as great in this estate as in Bodyke or in any other estate in Ireland. (Cheers.) Mr. Davitt seems to reflect on the conduct of the crowd also because they simply cheered or groaned. Well, it is impossible for the crowd to do more. Is any man prepared to tell a crowd unarmed to make an at back on the soldiers and police ? I confess I would be long sorry to give that advice, and would not dream of giving it if 1 was not prepared myself to take the lead. (Cheers.) I have nothing more to say. Mr. Davitt will recognize in what I have said that I have studiously avoided saying anything that could reflect against him. I wished to vindicate the advice given to the people during this crisis, and I don't think it necessary for me to say another word in vidication of the people of the district. After what occurred here to-day and in half-a-dozen holdings no man could cast an im putation on the courage of the people ; and the men to-day on this estate have just the same spirit and just as much courage as their fore fathers when in the old days they were willing to sacrifice their lives in defence of Irish free dom. (Cheers.) The people in this district would be as willing as their forefathers if they had the weajoons and a ghost of a chance of success. (Re newed cheers.) In conclusion, I congratulate you on the proceedings to-day, and the tenants on the estate generally upon the proceedings of these evictions ; and as long as there is a. shilling in the national purse, so long as there is a spark of man hood in Ireland, these tenants will not be allowed to suffer. (Prolonged cheers.) DAVITT EXPLAINS. Mr. Davitt, who, on rising, was greeted with hearty cheers, said — Mr. Chairman and fellow countrymen, I don't think there is really :my controversy whatever between Mr. John Redmond and myself. (Cheers.) Had ho been here yester day and listened to my words as patiently and as generously as you did, instead of reading them this morning in cold type, I am sure he would not charge me with casting any reflection on the courage of Wexford. (Cheers.) What I spoke of was in reference to -what I witnessed yester day, and not what preceded it, and certainly not what followed it to-day. (Cheers.) If Mr. John Eedmond approves of what he has seen this after noon, if he sanctions that, then there is no earthly difference between us. (Cheers.) I must say that I feel proud of being an Irishman in looking to-day on the gallant resistance given by two men and three brave Irish girls to the burglar brigade. (Cheers.) I think Mr. Eedmond will agree with me when I say that although I have frequently taken an independent course in Irish politics, I have never asked the Irish people or any section of the Irish people, to go against the advice of their recognized and pro perly constituted leaders. When there over has been a danger from these differences between me and them I never for a moment hesitated in effac ing myself. (Cheers.) I claim no credit for that because ib was my duty, and if Mr. Parnoll, whose leadership I have always loyally recognized, if he by word spoken or by word written, nays that I have done wrong in what I said either here or in Bodjke, then it will bo for me to reconsider my position. I would be very sorry indeed to ask an unarmed people to precipitate themselves on the enemy's forces. When [ yesterday did say that if tho evictors laid hands upon my mother, or my sister, or my brother, and I to be present, then they would have to do it over my dead body — that was a distinct statement by myself in refer once to what I would feel it my duty to do. But I did not mean to say that you should resist the Emergency crowd to the death. I have simply repeated the advise that I gave in Bodyke and everywhere in Ireland — that a rational resistance should be given to these hired scoundrels who are carrying out the in human behests of the Brookes, the O'Callaghana, and the Clanricardes. If it appeared necessary to go beyond the lino of rational resistance I assure Mr. Redmond that I would not slink away or escape from the danger (cheers), and I know that he and his brother and any Wexfordman would simply act under those circumstances as I -would. (Renewed cheers.) Having said this much, I don't see there is any necessity to say more. All I can say is that if ti lruudz ed. more fights like that in the cabin below were im:^ throughout the length ejecs breadth ofc IrelancJ the eviction campaign wot/lcS very soon be brought to a close. (Cheers.) These men and these brave girls— (cheers)— defended two- greet sights that are the foundation of society— the God given ri^ht to live on the soil that was created! for our use, and secondly, the legal tf/g-ht v/e- have to the property we erected by our owo hands. (Cheers.) The landlord may claim umier an infamous law to do with this land what h& pleases. He has that unjust privilege ; but there is no law human or divine that can hand over to him the property of those cabins built by the present occupier cr the man who preceded him. (Cheers.) And, therefore for a legal right and a natural right, I hold the tenant is called upon to defend his property against Smergencymen as he would against thieves or buglrtvs coming m th-e nicrht and stealing what was not theirs. (Cheers.) This is my position, and this is the position I mean to occupy as long as the evictions last ; bat as I see rational resistance like that shown to-day I'll be perfectly satisfied. (Cheers.) And if anything I said yesterday has uuintentionally on my. paxfc conveyed the slightest imputation on the courage, patriotism, or loyalty of the Wexfordmen, I take it back, for I would be the last man in Ireland to indulge in such an imputation. (Cheers.) I don't think one whit the less of Mr. John Eedmond for . the heated manner in which he defended the pluck of Wexford. His eloquence has been heard both here and in Australia not only in defence of Wex ford's past records, but in manly justification of the people of Ireland during tho last six or seven years ; and I say long may this division off Wexford be represented by so staun«h a repre sentative, and long may Mr. Parnoll and Ireland have tho brilliant services of John Kefimond. (Loud cheering.) 