^afcjs and £fcetdtra. [SOW FIBST PUBLISHED.] A GAME OF CHANCE BY ELLA J. CURTIS. A* (SHIRLEY SMITH), Author of 'The Favourite of Fortune,' 'All for Herself,' 'His Last Stake, ' &c;, &c; [The Right of Translation is Reserved] Chapter £LV.— Saved ! The marriage was arranged to take place at half-past eleven as the bride and bridegroom wen) to leave by an early train in the afternoon for London en route for Paris ; and soon after ten the streets of the little town were filled to overflowing with sightseers who had flocked in from the neighbouring villages. The tenants on the estate, with their wives and daughters, mastered in force, as they were to be regaled with a big dinner in the afternoon in honour of the event. The high road leading from the church to the Park gates was lined on each side with curious spectators, and soon after eleven the carriages of the neighbouring gentry who bad received invitations to the ceremony and to the wedding breakfast, began to drive to the church in rapid succession. Ellen Balfour was busy long before eleven marshalling her little flock of school girls ; they all wore fresh white frocks and carried baskets filled with flowers. EUen herself looked pretty and modest in her soft gown of grey cashmere, and white bonnet, but she was very pale and nervous, and her eyes were constantly straying to the path across the church meadows along which Charles Rossitur would come from the farm. His eister arrived in good time, and reported that he was coming, but that he would nut allow her to wait for him. ** He is worse than nmifti this morning X am afraid,' ehe Baid. 'I listened at his door several times last night, and I could hear him faiHrtng to himself, and even laughing in a way that made my blood run cold to bear, for I was afraid he was going to cut his throat or shoot MrnapTf. When be came out to breakfast he said be was all right, but he did not taste & mouthful and I am sure he will ' not be able to play to-day.' While she was still talking of him he came up looking bo handsome, but oh, so w&fully; ill, EUen thought. But he was perfectly calm and collected ; in good spirits, a stranger would have thought, for he said a. gay word or two to EUen as he shook hands ; laughed and joked with the little girls, and took & white flower from the fullest basket to fasten in the buttonhole of his black velvet coat. The villagers always said be was affected in bis dress, and he certainly did not look very like the eon of a farmer, in his loose velvet coat* low turned down collar and carelessly knotted neckerchief of dark crimson silk. Perhaps it was that picturesque Bohemian costume that first caught Lady Judith's fancy when be went to the Park to give her lessons on the organ. As soon as he and Ellen Balfour had mounted to the organ loft, his mood changed. ' I do not know how it will be when I feel my fingers on the keys,' he said as he un locked and opened the instrument, ' but I do not think I can play a note. My head aches so fearfully that I shonld j-ist like to knock it against the wall yonder and quiet it for evermore! There! That is better,' he added presently as he seated himself and began to play. ' There is nothing like music for chasing away, or charming the evil spirits and the ghosts of the past that were pre sent only the other day ! I wanted to come down here last night to try a voluntary that came into my head as I was lying awake. It went something like this.*1 He began to play, but presently wandered off in a feeble aim less mil ynw and finally stopped. ** I cannot do it,' he said at last. ' The inspiration went with the night,' 'The choriBters are coming in.' said ftllen, wbo was looking over the certain that hung in front of the loft. ' Do you want the music of the hymn ?' 'Of the Wedding Hymn ? The voice?' he said. *' Oh no ! I coo Id play it in my sleep. My Bleep !' he said dreamily. ' I wonder if I shall ever sleep again ? Yes ; soundly to-night when it is all over and she can never tempt me again, I shall sleep.' The words fell from him slowly, and in a frulf whisper, but Ellen beard them only too distinctly ; and a great terror came over her that he was going mad. ' Were you ever tempted, little Ellen ?' he aaked presently. Looking up with his beautiful pathetic eyes. But there was something more than pathos in them that day ; they were full of inarticulate paio. ?* Have you ever known what it ia to have the happiness you dreamed of, and longed for with mad longing, put temptingly before your eyes, but between you and it a Bloagfa of innd an 1 mire you would have to wade through before you could grasp it ? Not you girl ! Tempta tion ia a word in your dictionary, not in your life ; a thousand times a day I call myself an idiot and a fool for resisting, and yet the mire and dirt would surely have choked me some dav. But I did not hesitate a moment, Ellen ; remember that to my credit by and by. I flung it from, me and rushed out into darkness, madness, and despair 1' ?* I wish you would let me play for you, and go home and He down,' she said persua sively. ' Tnis dreadful pain is too much for von.' 'Only half an hour more. EUen,' he answered ' and then 1 shall lie down and rest, and sleep too. But I must play the Wedding March as «Ac goes out of church — a wife ! See ! I am all right now. My fingers are quite stroog and steady. Let me have a neap at all the fine folk,' he added, getting op and looking over the curtain. ' What a lot of swells in pretty clothes 1 Ellen, what would they do if they had to walk through a pool of blood down there to their carriages ; or if it dripped down upon them as they passed out V ' Oh, pray do not talk in that wild way !' cried Ellen, now seriously alarmed. ' Where is Alice ? I wish she was here.' ' Never mind Alice ; we do not want her. She ia not quiet like you, Ellen, and I am talking nonsense ! My head is light for want of sleep, and there is the signal for me to begin. Tell me what you thint of the bride groom, Ellen ? He is too old for her ; bat he ia very kind and good. Now then.' He began the hymn. ' The voice that breathed o'er Eden,' and the choir began to sing as soon as the bride inside the church. Rossitur seemed calm now, and he asked no the curtain, admiring, girl-like, the brilliant throng, and the beautiful group formed by the bride aud her train of bridesmaids. As soon as the ceremony began, Rossitur left his seat and joined her ; not a muscle of his face moved as be listened to the exhor tation : but when it came to the bride's turn to plight her troth he turned away with a gesture incomprehensible to his companion, and seated himself again at the organ. ' Come and Btand by me with the prayer book, EUen,' he whispered that I may know After that be went through his part of the service without a mistake ; but when the wedding party went into the vestry to sign the register, he covered his eyes with his left hand and sat motionless. Ellen stood watch ing him, and she noticed that his right hand was hidden in the inside breast pocket of his coat. It was on that spot she kept her eyes ; why she hardly knew, but she fancied he was hiding something there. Presently she whispered ** They are coming out. Can you play the March ?' For one moment be looked at her with a pozzled expression as if he did not understand what she said, then be drew his hand from his pocket and began to play the well known Wedding March as it had never been played in that church before. It was too fast, and much too loud, and the reverberating chords echoed through the building. Lady Judith Mllbanke looked up atthe curtained gallery and wondered if he was alone there. With a Budden break in the music the March ceased, and soft and low came a few bars of ' With Verdnre Clad.' But that also broke off abruptly, and the exquisite melody 'Oh, for the wings of a dove,' floated out and thrilled every ear with its unex ampled sweetness ! *' What is the organist about? is he mad this morning?' said one guest to another Fes ; what was he about, and was he mad ; Entranced with the music she loved, Ellen forgot her fears ; but she was recalled to her self by a shock so appalling that to her dying day the never forget it. With the cunning of madness, and he was mad, poor fellow, that day.'RfMffiffrnr noticed'her pre-occupatdon ; he continued to hold some chords with his left hand, and bia right glided again to the pocket of his coat. The chords became die cords, and, with her attention partially aroused Ellen looked at him and, at first noticed nothing except that he was pulling at his necktie as if it were choking him ! The next moment, with a cry for help that rang through the building, she flung her self upon him, and with all her strength fought with him. for the open penknife he held in his band. He had already given one wild gash to his throat, and if her Blender fingers, nerved with the force of horror and despair had not closed upon hi', he would presently have lain dead at her feet. At last, with one desperate effort, she wrenched the knife awayj; flung it high above the curtain, and heard it ring as it fell into the aisle below 