About the New Year. ^New Year's Eve. .TSYEBY man. hath two birthdays: two days, ?it least, ra every year, "which sot hun upon 'revolving tho lapse of tlitte> as it affects his mortal.duration. The One is that which in on especial manner he tormoth h w. In the gradual desuetude of old observance?, tbin cu«tom of solemnizing our proper birthday hath nearly passed away, or is left to children, who reflect nothing at all about the inntter, nor understand anything in it beyond cake and orange. Bat .the birth of a New Year is of an interest too ?wide to be permitted by king or oobbler. No one ever Tegarded tho first of January with indifference. It is that from which all data their time, and count upon what is left. It is tho nativity of our common Adam. Of all sound of all bells-(bells, themusio nighest bordering upon heaven)-most solemn and touching is tho peal which rings out the Old Year. I never hear it without a gathering up of ^my mind to a concentration of all the images that have been diffused over the past twelvemonth; all I have- done or suffered, performed dr neglected-in that regretted time. Ibegin to know its worth, as when a person dies._ It takes a personal colour; nor was it a poetical flight in a contemporary, when he exclaimed, I saw the skirts of the departing Year. It is no more than what in sober sadness every one of as seems to be conscious of, in that awful leave-taking. I am sure I felt it, and all felt it with me, last night: though some of my companions affected rather to manifest an exhilaration ftt die birth of the coming year, than any reiy tender regrets for the decease of its predecessor. But I am none of those who "Welcome the coming speed the parting guest. X am naturally, beforehand, shy of novelties; "new books, new faces, new years,-from some mental twist which makes it difficult in me to face the prospective. I have almost ceased to hope; and am sanguine only in the prospects ' of other (former) years, I plunge into foregone visions and conditions. I encounter pell-mell with past disappointments. I am armour proof against old discouragements. I forgive, or overcome m fancy, old adversaries. I play ovor again fir loir, as the gamesters phrase it, games, for which I ones paid so dear. I would scarco now have :»ny of those untoward acci dca.cs and events «»f :ny life reversed. I would no more alter theru tiai the incidents of some well-contrlv^I novel. 3Iethini:s it is bettor that I'&ould; have pined away seven of my golden bat years, when I was tnrali to file fair hair, and fairer eyes, of Alice W-n, thf,n that so passionate a love-adventure should be loafc. It was better that our family should ' have- missed that legacy, which old Dorrell theatc-1 q> of, than that I should have nt this | .moment rwo thousand pounds *#i and be | without the idea of that specious old rogue. ! In a d-gr-x? beneath manhood, it is my infirmity to \o«*»k Iruk rpon th^ tarlv days. Do I udvziLc ? u paradox, vh. n I s:«y. dia*. bkippiug over the . interrrnrioii of . 4(V yearn, a iunu may have leave to -rnthrat the imputation of self-love? V' ^ , " If I know aught-of; myself, no one v&o;&e; . mind is introspective-and mine is painfully -can have a'less respect for his present identity, than I have for the man Elia. I know ? him to be light, and vain,' and humoursome; a notorious ** addicted to * # .*,. averse " from counsel," neither taking it nor'offering it; . . . besidesa stammering buffoon; what; -you will; lay it on, and spare not: I subscribe j to it all, and much more than thou canst be willing to lay at his door-but for the child Elia, " other me," there, in the back ground-I must take leave to cherish the re membrance of that young master-with as little reference, I protest, to this stupid change ling of five-and-forty; as if it had been a child of some other house, and not of my parents. I can cry over its patient small-pox at five, and : rougher medicaments. I can lay ita poor fevered | head upon the pillow at Christ's, and wake with it in surprise at the gentle posture of maternal tenderness hanging over it, that un known had watched its deep. I know how it j shrank from any the least colour of falsehood. God help thee, Elia, how art thou changed! Thou art sophisticated.-I know how honest, how coarair«ym« ,'fcr a ?uvtfk*i:ur it vaj- how religion*, how unrtgirjiitho. }:.>*- hopeful I From, 'what have I Tio: fallen. :l tht tt»:M 1 remember was iul'.-ed -di/i s ott .. cKWrnblihg guardian. prv.-M-utinir ?i identity,* to give the role to my unpractical rtyps, aiui regular the tone of my moral being! - That I am.fond of indulging, beyond a hope of sympathy/in such retrospection, may be the symptom of some tickly idiosyncrasy. ' Or is it owing to another cause: simply, that being . without wife or family, I have not learned to project myself enough out of myself; and having no offspring of my own to dally with, I turn back upon memory, and adopt mr own early idea, as my heir and favourite ? If these speculations soem fantastical to thee, reader-(a busy man, perchance), if I tread out of the way of thy sympathy, and am singularly conceited only," I retire, impenetrable to ridicule, under the phantom-cloud of Elia. The elders, with whom I was brought up, were of a character not likely to let slip the sacred observance of an old institution; and the ringing out of the Old Year was kept by ; with circumstances of peculiar ceremony.- j In those days the sound of those midnight chimes, though it eoemed to raise hilarity in all around me, never failed to bring a train of pensive imagery into my fancy. Yet I then i scarce conceived what it meant, or thought of it as a reckoning that concerned me. Not; childhood alone, but the young man till 30, -li&vt;'X f<yl* practically that In* ih mortal. Ho -knows it indeed. and, if n fr! wre. he could jrrerifL a homily on the fragility of ; but ho brinsra it not home to hha^lf, any more than .1; a hot June w« can appropriate to our imagina ry .?» il;»? frpnzir.fF days rf lW,rinhrx. But now, 1 ahail Lcontij** * \ru'h?'-J. fr-'i audits but ^pQwmuiiy. 1 begin to count the prubabili- i ties of my dur&Uctti;, ' and to grudgo at the expenditure of JuoniDnts and shortest periods, like mis era1 farthiiltfs. In proportion as tho years both, lessen and shorten, I set more count upon their periods, and would fain lay my ineffectual finger upon tho spoko of tho great wheel. I am not content to pass away " like h weaver's shuttle'* Those metaphors solace me not, nor sweeten the unpalatable^ draught of mortality. I care not to be earned with the tide, that smoothly hears human life to eternity; and reluct at the inevitable course of destiny. I am in love with this green earth : the faco of town and country; the unspeakable rural solitudes, anil Vac sweet security of streets. I would set up my tabernacle here. I am content to stand still at'the ago to which I am arrived; I, and my friends: to be no younger, no richer, no handsomer. X do not want to be weaned by ago; or drop, liko mellow fruit, as they say,'into the grave.-Any alteration, on this earth of mine, in diet or 'in lodging, puzzles and discomposes me. My household gods plant a terrible fixed foot, and are not rooted up without blood. They do not willingly seek Lavinian shores. A new state of being staggersme. . , . Sun, and skv, and breeze, and solitary walks, and summer holidays, and tho greenness of fields, and the delicious juices of meats and fishes, and society, and the cheerful glass, and. candle-light, and fireside conversations, and innocent vanities, and jests, and irony itself- do these things go out with life? Can a ghost laugh, or shake his gaunt sides, when you arc pleasant with him ? And you, my midnight darlings, my Folios. must I part ^ ith the intense delight of having you (huge armfuls) in my embraces? Must knowledge come to me, if it comes at all, by some awkward experiment of intuition, and no longer bv this familiar process of reading? Shall *1 enjoy friendships there, wanting the smiling indications which point me to them here,-the recognisable face-the41 sweet assur ance of a look"-? In winter this intolerable disinclination to dying-to give it its mildest name-does more especially haunt and beset me. In a genial August noon, beneath a sweltering 6ky, death is almost problematic. At those tunes do such poor snakes as myself enjoy an immortality. Then we expand and burgeon. Then we are as strong again, as valiant again, as wise again, and a. great deal taller. The blast that nips and shrinks me. puts me in thoughts of death. All things allied to the insubstantial, wait upon that master-feeling: cold, numbness, dreams, pcrplcxitv; moonlight itself, with its shadowy and sp-.-ctral ;a"Dp-?arancc-s.-tli.it cold ghost of the sun, or Pha'bus1 sickly sister, like that innutritions one denounced in the Canticles i I am none of her minions-I hold with the Persian. Whatsoever thwarts, or puts me out of my way, brings death into my mind. All partial evil-', like humours, run into that capital plague wore.-I have heard some profess an indifference to life. Such hail the end of their existence as a port of refuge; and speak of the grave as of some soft arms, in'which they may slumber as on a pillow. Some have wooed death-but out upon thee, X say, thou foul, ugly phantom! I d-t'.»?t. abhor, ?.'xo^rate, and (with Friar John) "ive tht-v to six-s;ore thousand devils, as in no instance to be excused or tolerat* d, but shunned as an universal viper: to bo branded, pro scribed, and spo::on evil of! In no way can I be brought to digest thee, thou thin, melancholy Partition, or more frightful and confounding Positive! Those antedotes, prescribed against the fear of thee, are altogether frigid and insulting, like thvseli. For what satisfaction hath a man, that he shall ''lie down with kings and emperors in death," who in his lifetime never great!v coveted the society of such bedfellows ? or, forsooth, that 44 so* shall the fairest face appear?"-why, to comfort me, must Alice W n be a goblin ? More than all, I concave disgust at those impertinent and misbecoming familiarities, inscribed upon your ordinary tombstones. Every dead man must take npon himself to be lecturing me with his odious truism, that " Such as he now is I must shortly be." Not so shortly, friend, perhaps as thou imagincst. In the meantime I am alive. I move about. I am worth twenty of thee. Know thy betters! Thy New Years' days are past. I sur vive, a jolly candidate for 1821. Another cup of wine-and while that turncoat bell, that just now mournfully chanted the obsequies of 1820 de parted. with changed notes lustily rings in a hUfA^.-.»r, let. u» :tuun«- to it- pod the song mad«- on a Mku oc2i»ion, by hearty, checrful Mr. Cotton. THE NEW YEAR. * TTitrr, the cock crows, and yon bright star Tells us, the day himself s not far; And sco where, breaking from the night, . He gilds the western hi lis with light. "Witnhim old Janus doth appear, Peeplnp? into the future year, With, such a look as seems to say, The prospect Is not pood that way. Thus do we rise ill sight* to see, And'gainst ourselves to prophesy J Wlien the prophetic fear of thing* A more tormenting mischief brings, More full of soul-tormenting will Than direst inisehiefs can befall. But stay! but stay! mcthink3 my sight, Better informed by clearer light, Discerns sereneness in that brow, That "11 *ro:itnicted scem'd but now. His reversed ft*co may show distaste,: And frown upon the ills arc past; But that which this way looks is clear, And smiles upon the New-born Year. He looks t>>o from a place so highr The Year lies open to his eye; . An d all the moments oj>en aro To the exact discoverer. Vet more and more he smiles upon The happy revolution. Why snould we then suspect or fear The influences of a year, So smiles upon us the first morn. And speak* us gou«l a* f xm us born ! . I'la^uoon'tJ the ln«t was ill enough, Tills eannufbut make better proof; . > ? ()r, at the worst, as we brush'd through 'Hie ln«t, why so wo may this too; .. Andthi-u the next in rorvsonahoud . . : 3 . supciyxLcIloiitly;.mou: . ! l*or wor«a i!!» iw- nntly sec) - \ n^v.v ii'i :n-.ir . fha V *' Krrtunosthntdofall; " j "Which air/ l.rin^ us whekwitbnl . 7, .ufyer their to support., .. I 'limn r.lio-odoof the oth"r sort: , A*:1 v.'i u h-A jo jrood v^ir in three, ( An-! v -t rapines at d'.stmy, i Aypww ungrateful in tho cn*c} And merits not the good he has. _ Then let us welcome the New truort With lusty brimmers of tho best: - Mirth always should Good Fortune meet, And renders e'en Disaster sweet: And though the Princess turn her book, Let us but line ourselves with Buck, We better shall by far hold out, . Till the next Year she face about. How sav you reader-do not these verses pmack off tho rou>{h magnanimity of the old English vein? Do they not fortify lite a cordial; or J urging the heart, and productive of sweet blood, and generous spirits, in tho con coction ? Whero be those puling fears of death, i just now expressed or affected ?-Passed like a cloud-absorbed in tho purging sunlight of clear poetry-clean washed, away by a wave of genuine Helicon, your only Spa for these hypochondiies-and now another cup of the generous! and a merry New Tear, and many of them to you all, my mastars! 