RACING XO'SJiS. BY PEGASUS. In Wednesday's Coin and appealed the pro- gramme of the QTC Spring, Summer, and Autumn meetings I am sorry to see the distances of the principal streets have been out down, but I will be given notice of these programmes until next week A nice little programme has been issued by the Stanley Turf Club for their annual meeting, which is fixed to take place on Friday, 28th October There no no less than nine cents on the card, and the days sport is to commence it 11 1 J The last race is fixed for 1 30 p in but I fancy the committee will have all their work before them to get the racing over by anything like that time. The princip of events in a Ti ial Stakes of 'Osova , mile, Publicans' Purse of 50 sovs , 1 mile and Stanley R 0 Iliudicapof 80 boys IN mile The nomina- tion s for the handicap are to be in the hands of the secretary on Monday, 3rd October, not later than 10am, according to the programme, though this must surely by a mistake, 10 p in being more likely to be th' hour fixed Weights will be declared on 11th October, and acceptances on the 10th October The general entries close on 21st October them that Beenleigh races came off successfully, with the exception of the starting which is said to have been atrocious in the 116 mg Handicap, the held were sent away when some of the horses were in front of the post, and consequently it was given as no more, and had to be mu oval again. The first time of asking eight horses started, and Meteor passed the post first, with Parody second but at the second less by the owner of Meteor refined to start his horse, and Shop won, followed by Parody, 1 Peedom, and Beaudesert II Thus Mr Mooney s gelding landed the double, an Cent which is said to have surprised everyone, including his owner In the All Aged Stakes, Elastic beat Freedom, a pet for mance which, I fancy, should be taken with a more than ordinary large dose of salt I hear that Blue Blood, by Marquis Hauteur, by Tubal Cain, has been purchased by a well known Brisbane report Blue Blood is a four en-old brown horse, and ran the other day in the Spring Handicap at Sydney Tattersall's meeting, carrying 8st 8lb He, however, failed to run prominently In a capital article in the Australasian last week the vexed question of handicapping " Augur" makes some pungent remarks which I reproduce for the benefit of our Queensland racing clubs "Augur" justly lay i it great stress on the independence of the handicapper and goes on to say, "As a title the main bulk of the members of committee filth who n we are acquainted I know as much about a handicap as a foal notes about its sue an as most of them are in some way interested in horses running, it would be a libel upon human nature to expect them to look at a handicap impartially If they increase the troubles and difficulties which beset a handl capper's path, holding, at the same time a lot of terror over him, they will quickly weaken the confidence of every bo who takes an interest in the Turf, and racing will sink lower and love her in the scale of public opinion " I wonder what "Augur" would say if he knew how our principal handle tops are adjusted It is hardly too much to say that our handicapping will never be considered satisfactory till t handicapper is appointed for all the principal' meetings independent alike of horse-owners and the betting ring But when this is done, it will probably be the beginning of a racing millennium in Queensland At the present time, matters seem tending in the other way and we appear to be going deeper and deeper into the mire. An English sire of some rent is expected to be landed in Melbourne in a few days, and will be sold by auction by Messrs Yuille and Co. immediately on arrival. This is Charles J. by the famous Prince Charlie-.Mererale, by Athorstono (son of Touchstone)- Presumption, by Loup Garou. The following particulars are given in the advertisement in the Australasian Charles the First is perfectly sound in wind and limb. Stands 161 with very grand action, was taken out of training through meeting with an accident whilst running for the Ascot Staked. Robert I'Anson, the well known steeplechase rider, says he was one of the gamest horses he ever rode. On the flat he won the Great Yainumth Handicap, AVimlsor August H chirrup, and the Welter Handicap at Croydon. Over hurdles the Grand Hurdle Race at Croydon, by twenty lengths, carrying lost.; the Warren Hurdle Race at Sandown, carrying list. Dib,: the Grand National Hurdle Race at Croydon, carrying 11st. rub. in Grand Annual Hurdle Race was only beaten a head, carrying 12st. 7lb.; and in C! fund International Hurdle Race was only beaten a head, giving the winner (Lord Clive) 10lb. The first of his get in England was a winner, and at shows he has twice got the medal and 20. It is said that the name of Ajax has been removed from the Q.T.C. forfeit list. I am not sorry to see that my opinion expressed last week as to the unmerited harsh- ness of the sentence on S. Davis at the recent Q.T.C. meeting is endorsed by the representative of the Town and Country Journal, who was present. The writer says :-" Nothing had it chance with the son of Vespasian and Grey Esperance, who led almost from flag fall to finish. Tonohstono ran very badly in the Flying Handicap, on the first day of the meeting and the matter being viewed by his subsequent running Mr. Kent, hardly knew what to make of it. Before the race Mr. Kent openly expressed the opinion that his colt had not the ghost of a chance, and was so dissatisfied that he courted an inquiry into Davis's riding in the Flying Handicap. I have since heard that Davis has been suspended from riding for six months. Unless the committee had very strong evidence that the boy was 'got at this seems a very harsh 'sentence. " Most people who know anything about our Brisbane racing will be of the Hinno opinion, and the sentence Heoms all the more unjust stable because Davis is not one of those who deserved punishment, if not in this case, for other former dishonest practices. No, those who indulge in little vagaries of this sort are well known, but with them " the powers that be" do not interfere. In my last week's notice I gave Davis's initials as 0. Davis. It should have been S. Davis, who is, or was, in Walsh's stables, and on several occasions rode Theorist. Notwithstanding the promise made by the chairman at the last Q.T.C. annual meeting as to reducing the amount of fees payable by horse-owners, no alteration for the batter seems to have taken place It would be curious to know how much of the £1100 said to be given away in prize money at the recent meeting really came out of their pockets. It must have been something very considerable when it is considered that the attendance of the public was very small. One can hardly understand how any man except bookmakers can go on year after year undergoing" all the heavy expenses of training and racing, and literally contributing nearly half the stakes themselves. It must indeed be a very unprofitable game at any rate to those who (go straight, I hear that Mr. Finnie intends to send My Love to the stud very shortly. It is about time ; but it is a pity he has no better sire to mate with her than Newbold or Ormond. With all his would-be d mares I should fancy it would pay the Drayton studmaster to go in for something first-class in the way of sires. If he does not, he will certainly be unable to hold his own with the higher class of horses bred in the colony, or at any rate with those that are being constantly imported from the Southern colonies. Among the sires who are already advertised to stand the benson appears the name of First Lord (Grand Flaneur brother), who took the first prize for blood stallion at the recent Jubilee Exhibition. First Lord has been sold by R. Newton and Co. for 300 guineas to Mr. McCord, of Coonambula, Gayndah, where he will now stand this season. There can be no doubt that mated with good mares he should produce horses of the highest quality, for his brother Grand Flaneur is already coming to the front us one of the successful sires of Australia, and there can be no reason why First Lord should not do equally well. This fine horse was originally bought by R. W. Stuart from Messrs. Busby, of Cassilis, N.S.W., for 1000 guineas. He only ran once race, which he won very easily, but soon after injured his knee in a fence, and had to be turned out of training. Owners of mares who are looking for size, quality, and good perth green combined can hardly go wrong in sending their mares to this grand horse, who has as yet had little opportunity afforded him of getting racehorses. I sea by the advertisement that the pony stallion Exmoor Prince accompanies First Lord to Coonambula. Traedora of polo ponies and others should remember that no pony stallion equals the Exmoor breed in hardiness and general utility. j In reviewing last season's racing in New i Zealand, thesportingwriter' 'Mazeppa ' gave the following records as made during the past year: Four furlongs, Sextant, 47sec; five furlongs, Forester, 1min. 4sec.; six furlongs, Maxim and Jack, hair, loses.; seven furlongs, Tit Bit, 1min. 40sec ; one mile and a distance, Reputation, 1min. fiSjsoo.; one mile and a quarter, Tit Bit, '2min. 31sec; one mile and a half, Marion, 2min, 38sec.; one mile and three quarters, Patrician and Derwenter, 3min. 32sec.; two miles, Spade Guinea, Sinin. 32sec.; two miles and a quarter, NOIBOII, 4min. 25sec. I see among recent sales at Melbourne, Kohai, by Manuka Idalia, was sold to Mr. J. Crozier for 185 guineas. If sound he must be cheap at the money. At the jumping competition of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria, Spondulix's jump of 6ft. 6in. is now the Australian record. He cleared it without placing a toe upon it, and so clean and clover was the performance that "Augur" says he feels satisfied he could have got over three or four inches more. "Nemo" writes in the J/«i7:-"Those who hold the opinion that the noble thoroughbred does not enter into the spirit of his work, and enjoy it too, should have seen the performance of the hurdleracer Invictus at Randwick on Saturday. He came to grief at the hurdle opposite the Leger stand and rolled heavily over: but showers soon on his legs again, and, riderless, he pursued the field, taking the fences in splendid style. He overhauled his horses as they raced past Cutts's, and as they reached the hill near the trainers' sheds he came on terms with the leaders, wore them down after going a few strides in their company, and assumed command, which he held to the finish, having passed the post several lengths in front of 6 arnot. The style in which he showed the way over the sticks on his own account was greatly admired by the spectators, who applauded his performance as no turned in- natively to interview the clerk of the scales prior to returning to the saddling paddocks." In our English files appears a full account of the Goodwood meeting. For the Stewards' Cup the large field of twenty-three went to the post. The winner turned up in Upset, a 25 to 1 chance, only one of the. favourites, Grafton, being able to obtain a situation. The first two horses, Upset and Tib, years ridden by the two sons of the well-known jockey and trainer, Tom Cannon. Upset is a brown or black four-year-old colt, and is by See Saw Fair Vestal, who is by Arespasian-Fair Rosamond, by King John. The English crack two-year-old, Friar's Balsam, by Hermit-Flower of Dorset, is continuing his victorious career, his last win being the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood. According to the Sporting Life, the two-year-old form is pretty well confirmed, which places Friar's Balsam, by Hermit-Flower of Dorset Society, by Isonomy-AVifoy; Seabreeze, by Isonomy Marguerita ; Ayrshire, by Hampton Atalanta; and perhaps Scnanus, by Trappist (son of Hermit)- Bonnie Lassie, well at the top of the tree. The Goodwood Out) produced this year a splendid race, resulting in a dead heat between the Duke of Westminster's Savile and Mr. Douglas Baird's St. Michael. The following are the details of the more Fun GOODWOOD CUP, value 300 Sovs., added to a subscription of 20 Sovs. each ; half forfeit; 22 miles. Duke of Westminster's br, c. Savile, by Hamp- ton-Minn, 3 years., 7st. 7lb. . O. Barrett) 1 Mr, Douglas Baird's b c. St. Michael, hy Springfield Land's End, . years, Bat. 121. (T. Cannon) 2 Count de Bertoux'a th.e. Upas, by Dollar Rosemary, -4 years, 9st. (311). .. (J. Watts) 3 Count de Hortoux's be. Vuunenu, by Perplexed -Ortolan, 3. years, 7st. 7lb. (J. Woodburn) 0 Mr. Maxton's be. Claymore, by Camhallo Sutaporc, 3 years, 7st. 7lb. .. (P. Barrett) 0 Count de Bertcux declared to win with Upas. Winner trained by Porter. Betting at the start: 2 to 1 v. Upset, 100 to 30 Savile, is to 1 St. Michael, s to 1 Claymore, 100 to 15 Vanneau. Unlike last year, when The Bard frightened away all opposition, the Goodwood Cup furnished a memorable struggle which was worth a journey of many miles to witness. To commence with the presence of Upas and his stable companion, Vanneau, amongst the competitors gave to the race an international character.. Upas, who in addition to the possession of a good record earned across the Channel, had favourably impressed the morning critics by his resolute style of galloping, was always favourite, the fact that Count de Bertcux had declared to win with him giving backers additional confidence. Not to be dismayed by the invaders, the partisans of Savile, St. Michael, and Claymore declared stoutly in favour of their respective champions, and at the fall of the flag the wagering was good enough to enable peuciLlors to loot 2 to 1 on the field. It was a rule, no more ambling shambling kind of a canter for three-parts of the journey, with all the jockeys reserving themselves and their charges for a supreme effort. AU possibility of a race of this kind was soon over, as at flag fall J. Woodburn, evidently acting to orders, started strongly with Vanuoau on a running making- mission for Upas. Going out of the straight Vanuoau increased his lead, but as they ran along the plateau Upas went almost up to his stable companion, accompanied by Savile, willi St. Michael Homo distance away bringing up the road. When they reappeared in sight "Vanneau held a long lead, and thus far from home the pace began to tell, for already G. Barratt was hard at work driving Savile along, whilst T. Cannon hard to single at St. Michael in order to keep him from losing ground. As they swept into the straight it seemed as if the foreigners would finish first and second, but as they came down the hill Savile and St. Michael, both being driven, gradually overhauled them. At the end of the rails Savile had drawn level with Vanuoau and Upas, and in the next fifty yards Watts had to ride the favourite to keep his place. Before the distance was reached Up as was done with, and Save came on, followed by St. Michael. The struggle between the pair was must exciting, as inch by inch St. Michael crept up, and though both animals were in trouble they answered to the resolute calls of their riders, and ran past the box so closely locked together that the judge could not separate them. In the decider, which took place after the card had been worked through, slight odds wel laid on Savile, who hold the command throughout, and won by three quarters of a length. Time, 4min. 58 3-5th sec. 