MEETING NIGHT. The German professor, when lie bad fin ished our lesson, and was waiting.for the thunder shower to pass—for, though he had brought bis big blue umbrella, he did not care to face the flashes of lightning— suddenly turned to us, and said: “ It was exactly such an evening as this I saw Leopold—” We looked up at him and waited. We knew he was about to tell us a story ; he al ways began in this way, without preface. <* In my native village," lie said, “ people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call ‘ Meeting Night,’ and with hi3 own blood, and a quill from a bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try the spell. When it comes to the point, gbosts scarcely prove satisfactory; and writing in one’s own blood is rather a solemn proceeding,especially in an empty church at midnight, 11 One man who had lost his sweetheart ■i:a if, ..Tliny said.bosaw her, but he bled to death from' the wound he gave himself to get the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. “ When I left the town, the custom was spoken of as amongst the things of the past. I left in haste. I had had a quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Fritz Wagner told me some thing that made me furious and I challenged Leopold on the spot. We met in the great open clearing in the heart of the pine woods often used before for the same purpose. It was dawn—the pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. He looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furiou9; The word was given. I .did my best to wound him. lie merely defended himself. Then he lay on the ground at my feet,-and my second hurried me away, put on my coat, and dragged me to where a car riage awaited me. ■ ‘“Go 1” he said. 1 The quicker the better! ■You have killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. •• The coachman drove furiously. As for me, I was in a sort of dream. 1 Had I killed Leopold whom I loved so V I asked myself. Then I replied : 1 He deserved it. He de served it. I did well.’ 11 The next day I loft Germany. 1 flame to Australia. I established myself here. One day, in the midst of the great throng in Col lins Street, I met Fritz Wagner. He looked like a ghost—gray, hollow-oheeked—scarcely more than a skeleton. «* You see it,’ he said, as I glanced at him; ‘lam dying. This is my address. Do not come until I send for you; but when I do, come at once. Swear it.’ “ ‘ Sly friend,’.I said, ‘let mo come before that. Lot me help you if I can.’ | • <“ No,’ ho said, ’ no; ’ and turned away, “ Three months afterwards a messenger came to mo at midnight, ami said : “ ‘ fritz Wagner has sent tor you.’ “ I fotmil him dyiug, but he had strength to speak. “ ‘ Frederick,' lie said,11 have a confession to make. I lied about Theresc. I was in lore with her. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all the rest, it was trne enough ; but the Leopold was her sister’s little baby, named after your cousin. You understood that I meant the man. I took my oath to the truth of my statement. Format, 1 am suffering the torments of the. lost.’ “ With these terrible words on bis lips, ho died. '• And now remorse seized me. I suffered agonies when I remembered my true love, Thcrese, and my dear cousin, Leopold. I could not rest. I knew nothing of the fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and see Thcrese, who, if she , lived, was forty years old, and beg her for giveness, and to give myself up to the authori ties a3 my cousin’s murderer. This, I fancied, would be an expiation. \- “ I bade adieu, as I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed iu the next steamer for my native home. “ I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the ocean. At last I reached it late on the night of a stormy summer day. I walked from the station to the hotel, and on my way the lightning (lashed through the heavens. I' passed a tree riven from top to root by a recent stroke, and saw at my feet a little dead bird, killed when the great pine was smitten. “ I stopped and laid it aside on the moss. As 1 did so a feather fell from its broken wing, and on the instant it occurred to me that this very night was the mystic Meeting Night, and that it was with the quill of a bird that one wrote the name of the spirit one wished to meet at the altar's foot. I had little faith in the superstition; but I was in a strange mood, and beyond shone the win dows of the cathedral, open day or night to any worshipper. “ I seized the little quill. I turned my steps toward thcsaercd’cdificc. It was empty. 1 entered. The lights burn palely, few and far between. I passed up the aisle, and kneeling, took a knife from my pocket and cut my finger slightly; then, having pointed the little quill, 1 dipped it in my blood and wrote the name of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I did so. The colors of the |painted windows grew brilliant as the lightning hashed, and then again were dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my name—1 Frederick I" It came from above. I looked up: In the gallery stood a figure all in black, save for a white band upon its fore- 1 head. It had the face of Thcrese, but paler, ! thinner. Its white hands were hers. It ; stretched them out towards me, as in greet-1 ing. It waved them in farewell. It was | gone. .u j “A spirit had appeared to me—Therese’s . spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on : my knees, powerless to move, I awaited the mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there—a sad, gray Leopold—but I knew him. I uttered his name. lie answered : j “1 Is it Frederick?’ 11 ‘ Ghost of my friend,' I rculiud, ‘ I have returned to make expiation. Fritz Wagner lied to me, and so I left my love, and raur- , dcred yon. I have discovered the truth. I j return to give myself to justice. You shall i be avenged, dear spirit. Pray for me in heaven, and forgive me.’ j “ Tho spirit advanced. It smiled. It seized me by the hands with a warm, living “ ‘ I will forgive you,’ be said. “ God knows I have forgiven; but as yet I only hope for heaven. I am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I recovered in a little while. A jealous man is mad man. I know that. I never ceased to love you.' 11 He opened his arms. I fell into them. Wo embraced. “ ‘But Thcrese ?’ I said. ‘Surely, it wa3 her spirit that I saw.’ “I sawit also,’ he answered. ‘ Fecrese i3 dead to the world. She is a nun in the con vent close at hand. After you had been gone five years, I asked her to marry me ; but sbe could love but ouee. When her mother died she took the veil. On^this an niversary the nuns come to the cathedral to keep vigil. This is the night I also come. And Thcrese looks down on me and smiles. This she esteems a sin, and expiates with , penance; but I live on it Hie year through. To night she saw only you. She forgot me. : Ah, Frederick, what folly you committed in leaving her!' ! “ I bowed my head in contrition, and just at that momeut there arose from the dark gallery the soft, sweet sound of women’3 voices, singing without any accompaniment. “ Together, standing hand in hand, we listened. Then, arm in'arm, we left the cathedral. j “ I returned to Australia soon afterward. Leopold remained behind. Every year-hc goes to the cathedral at twelve on Meeting . Night—every year until the last he wrote: ' ■ “‘I have seen her. With her eye3 she sent an angel’s love to you.’ But last year this is what he wrote: “ ‘ She is dead. I believe that she will be yours in heaven; not mine. But I shall love her through eternity." Shrewd Mrs. Penuckle—"I didn’t al ways plough the earth for a living," said Farmer Penucklc. “ I was once a wine mer chant's clerk in Melbourne, i married young, and my wife, who i3 sitting there now, with the reputation of being as good a farmer’s wife as there is in the country, made just as good a mate for a hard-up clerk then. Like many young couples we had purchased furni ture in instalments, and we were not able to pay all the sums as they fell due. Every thing seemed to be going against us, and our liltlc girl was sick. When I came home early -one Saturday afternoon and found crape hapging to my door bell. My heart was in my mouth ana tears choked me as I met my “ • So dear little Minnie is gone ! ’ I said. “‘Minnie gone I ’ said my wife. 'Oh, no. But the broker’s man will be round in a minute to seize the furniture, and I thought possibly the crape might check him.’ “It checked him. He halted his waggon a dozen yards away, walked on tip-toe to the door, examined the crape, and went softly away, afraid, apparently, that some one might hear him. Minnie recovered, and a few days afterwards I scraped" up enough money to pay the bill, but I haven’t bought anything on instalments since.” Fortune in the Teacup-—Here are a few " old women's signs " for you, girls: If single persons happen to have two spoons in their cup, it is a sign that they will figure prominently at a wedding before the year is out. If yon put milk or cream in your tea before the sugar, it will "cross your love.” If a tea- stalk floats in the cup, it is called " a beau." Unmarried ladies, when tbi3 happens, should stir their tea round briskly, and then plant the spoon upright ly in the cup, bolding it quite still with the lingers. If the “beau" in its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, the “ beau " will be certain to come that evening. If the sides of the cup attract, the “ beau ” will not come. We may observe that it depends upon the state of the atmosphere whether the tea-stalk is attracted to the middle or the sides of the cup. It is a sign of fair weather if the cluster of small air hubbies, which usually arise after the sugar has been put in, collect themselves and remain in the centre of the cup. The con trary when they straggle to the sides—it will certainly rain in a few hours, 535 