ARE SCEPTICS GOOD HUSBANDS ? Theaboye subject is discussed at some length in the sixteenth Fcrnley lecture by the Rev.. L. jAVjJJptm .Watkinson, wlio criticises the following ; assumption of Mr J. Alprley " Men under >. thoroughly sceptical convictions ivould be more ' likely to have deeper love for those about them,, 'and a keener dread of filline a house with aching , hearts realising that no heavenly house awaits them, they will sedulously cultivate domestic' unity, love, sweetness, purity, joy, surpassing anything found in circles deluded by the ' hope of imuiprtality." " But where," Mr Watkinson asks, " is there ghost of evidence to support this expectation? Must we go. to the Goethe House-: hold, with its half-marriage and confusions ) To ChelBea, and contemplate husband and wife in their .terrible, bittpr, lifelong conflict, and the house like a.' mad-house," the wretched couple now .and again separating for a while when the' 4 wrath and rage becomo intolerable ? Ia the ideal , to be found in the unblessed union of George Lewes and Marian Evans ? Or does Mr Morley intend us to see tho demonstration of tho domes tic gain of unbelief in the circle of Godwin ? Did . Godwin hint the softening influence of atheism! or cliaracter and friendship ? Is there anything' .specially delicious in his perpetual quarrels with His friends, in tho conduct of Mary Woulstone- !qraft, .either before .or after her marriage with 'tlie . l.passioiiless philosopher,' in the second marriage of Godwin with Mrs Clairmont, iii the abandonment by Shelley: of his wife, and the -seduction by him of Mary Godwin, in the 'suicides aiid: miserable endinrrs which shnh the .scene? Are wo to turn from the ' greasy domes ticity'' of the average Christian1 home to find the genuine ' article, in ' the magic circle of James! Mill, ivhero the husband treated the wife withi meanest tyranny, where Hie entrance of the, father, spoiled thp music of the children? Is the ; 'fine fancy of a scared, harmonioqs family reached! -when Iphii S. Mill's baneful presence troubled; the fipusp of Mr Taylor, who was even according! to Cavlylo 'the pink of hospitality V Was Miss, Martineau's ; treatment of lior : noble bl'othor ; marked' by extraordinary catholicity or tender ness? Or, can Mr Morley intend us to find the: green pastures and sfcill waters of domestic life in' the household' of Comte ? Or, in despair, must! iye( .penetrate the' domestic shrine of Sehopen-' haner? 'NcmO' 'of those' lights of, unbelief can bo; presented, aq. patterns ; without exception they ' jsre.iyarijing?'. And yet . Air Aloiley would fain: persuade us that, ltitherto , cruel thorns will pro duce, tender . grnpps .'and . , fragrant , . -yvipo ; that piercing thistles: will surprise with luscious figs. Christian, households are subjoct to melancholy misfortunes, schisms, aqd sorrows ; but when ,tlie>worst there comes to the worst, it is yet far better than the domestic scenes or infidel life1 painted -by infidel hands ; and with the terrible; tyrannies,- - heartburnings, estrangements,; cruelties, of these representative unbelievers: before us, the, inducement is not strong to , for- sake tlie yifia apd fig tree of Christian domesticity for some trees of paradise which Mr Alorley! experts booni ip the atheistic wilderness. " j 