The Golden Hope. A ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. ' I dreamt a dieam that was not all a dream.' ST W. CLAB2 RUSSELL Author of 'A Sea Queen 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' A Sailor's Sweetheart,' &c.; The ' Bight of Translation is Reserved.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. CHAPTER XXVI (Continued). A very hell, even to Fortescue's deyout mind, was made at tha4; moment of the roaring, shrieking, lightning-riven black ness by the thought of the unheard cries which were going up to God, the sob of the drowning swimmer, the life that yet suffered the operationa of memory and of conscience in sinking forms ! The curate hid his face in his hands. The gale raged till 4 o'clock in the morning ; then broke, fining down into a fresh breeze from the south-west, with the black canopy of the tedious and fearful night lifting along the whole length of the southern sea-line into a clear obscure, with a dim sort of greenness in it, and «tars shining. The swell remained violent, but that the crew of the Golden Hope knew would speedily subside with the wind, and indeed by the time that the dsnse masses of vapor had settled away north-east, leaving the moon going down a dusky red in the west with a sickly trailing of rusty crimson under her, as though she had been wounded during the conflict, and was bleeding, ithe great heavings of the deep, the pant ing of her mighty heart after her desperate wrestle with the storm fiend, had marvel lously diminished, and daybreak found the schooner once more heading her course with her topmast fidded, aud swinging and rolling through it under whole main sail, topsail, gaff foresail, and a couple of jibs. An eager, yearning look-out had been kept by all hands for any signs or remains j of the vanished ship, but the sea had stolen out bare, desolate, ashen and foam- 1 ing to the starlight and the dawn ; and the long silver gleam of sunrise sharply j following upon the heels of daybreak merely confirmed the discovery that ; the ship aud her company, whoever they may have been and however ! numerous, were as utterly gone, j lost to life and reality, as any bubble - alongside, breaking as it passed. That j same early beam of glad sunshine showed j the schooner as sound as a bell aloft, just as a short spell at the pumps and a drop of the sounding-rod down the well had ] proved her tight as a bottle in her hull. ; She had come through the tempest nobly, and Hiram's eye glistened as he sent a searching look aloft and found everything there as it should be, unsprung, staunch, and taut. Nor were the crew much the worse for the keen anxieties of the night and their exposure to its fury during the long stretch of hours. Here and there you might have noticed indeed an added touch of gauntaess, of yellowness, of grisly sourness in the faces bonneted by sou westers. Hiram looked as if he hadn't , shifted his clothes nor slept for a week, and in Stone's blearedaess you traced the 1 effects of a hurricane upon old eyes ; but j these were matters effaceable by what Jack calls a ' wash down' and by break fast with a pot of coffee. It was Mr Fortescue who had suffered most, not for the want of sleep, nor for the capacity of facing weather, for most seaside and many inland curates do often get very nearly as much experience in this matter as sailors ; but because for hours during the night he had suffered anguish from the dread that the schooner would not outlive the tempest, and that he and those associated with him would perish, when he was within a few days of the termination of the outward passage, and because this cruel expectation had been sharpened to an extent inexpressible and scarce bear able by such a heart as his, by the spec tacle of the foundering of the ship. His face was bloodless, his eyes the larger and blacker for the whiteness, and bright with the fires of a mind filled by imagination with thoughts as consuming as flames; for over and over again when the storm had passed, when the stars were shining when the dawn had broken, when the sun had flashed his first sweet, silver message of peace across the angry, swelling bosom of the ocean, he was recalling his agony lest every sea that rose black and mon strous to the lightning should overwhelm the schooner, and extinguish with his own the life of the girl whose existence he be lieved depended upon his ; and over and over again he was beholding the smitten ship broken and drowning in the foaming vortices, with death made horrible by the furious elemental din that silenced the cries of the doomed, and by the ghastly illumination that was like the triumphing of hell over perishing human souls hidden from the sight of the stars, and so cloaked with horrid blackness that it might seem as if the very eye of the Creator could not 1 pierce to the scene where Satan for once was having it all his own way. Imagination 1 Yes ! A godlike gift, if you will ; but how much more suitable - for this plain world of eating aDd drink ing and making money the stolid mind of William Breeches, gazing with bloodshot eyes, full of litleralness, at the vessel to mark if any damage had been sustained aloft or alow, and thinking of the foun dered ship only to congratulate himself, may'be, that he wasn't aboard of her ? 1 How mush more suitable and convenient thia'uiind of Bill Breeches, which a pot of hot coffee was to soothe, and a snooze of four hours to recruit, than the intellect of the Rev. Malcolm Fortescue, capable of seeing sorrow in its depth, anguish in J its throes, all things penetrable by human gaze to their foundations, and in a few Hours originating out of mere fancy more j j pitiful and needless emotions for himsalf, I than Breeches, backed by Hiram, the cook, and the rest of the ship's company, could manufacture, were twenty years allowed them to make the experiment in ! He went below, changed his wet clothes, then knelt in impassioned prayer of gratitude to God ; but when Hiram at breakfast w ith him observing the effect of the wild and trying night in his face and manner begged him to lie down and sleep, he said 'No, he could not sleep, his mind waB too strained.' ' Well, that's v-ry queer,' said Hiram, ' if after such a job as last night I wasn't sound asleep three minute3 after my head was down, I should ask you to overhaul your med'cine chest for me. But I tell ye squarely, Mr Fortescue, that last night's business wur the worst I ever was in, and seeing as how the little Hope's pulled through it, it should be making ye feel that you've got to know in a few hours more about life and the Creator's ways of workin' upon the sea than you'd hascertain ashore if you was to keep all on livin' till ye died as old as a Scriptur patriarch. It's enough to make a City o1 London alderman, all guts and guzzle, take an interest in sailors, ain't it, sur ? all a comin' together — fust poor Sammy's drowning, then the hurricane, then the foanderin' of the ship right under the eyes of our golden angel that was scorning every sea that rolled at her with her trumpet, eh, sir T' And he looked steadfastly at the parson, for he reckoned there had been education enough in the last twenty-four hours to direct the eyes of Fortescue with sympathy and inquisitiveness into the hidden life of the forecastle. But the curate was in no humor to talk about such things just then. Had the hurricane blown them out of their course 1 Were they nearer the island than when the tempest came down ? Was there a likelihood of more foul weather or of breathless calms to delay the swift keel of the schooner, and postpone whatever issue was in store ? He had to wait till noon ; when Hiram with his gaunt face looking bloated with sleep came on deck to take the sun's altitude. Then how marvellous was the change ! the long swell ran like folds of liquid light to the north ; the trade wind soft and hot as the lips of an Indian girl blew abeam ; it was all a crystal clearness of tropical light, blue sky over the mast heads, touched here and there by a woolly rag of white cloud, and water — azure betwixt the swells — laughing in sparkling waves which caressed the schooners's bows with snow-like fingers, and which raised cool sounds all about her and in the air. Eight bells y were made: Hiram disap peared ; the men went to dinner ; Stone walked the deck and Fortescue sat listless pale, eyes fall of yearning and fixed ahead where he deemed the island lay and where the clear blue of the sky met the softer blue of the ocean1 — still the same unbroken junction that it had been for days and weeks, an ever receding conti nuity put of which nothing but faith and hope could have crushed the mockery of iteration. Hiram came on deck with a piece of paper in his hand. Stone drew near. ' This is where we was at noon, sir,' said the captain. .Fortescue read aloud : ' Sixty-five' de grees ten miles east longitude ; fifteen degrees three miles south latitude. ' ' The old bucket's got the scent !' cried'Stone. . ' Whip along, you jade 3 It ain't fur now.',' 'How far?'' asked Fortescue, in a voice that trembled. ' This side o' five hundred miles,' answered Hiram. He reflected. 'To- day's Toosday, Bill ; if this breeze lasts or anything resemblin* it keeps on a blowin' we shall be having your island fair in view by Friday afternoon.' Stone took* a deep breath and sud denly walked aft, and Fortescue noticed Hiram watching the old sailor with a curious smile. The ordinary seaman, Joe Hall, was at the helm when Mr Fortescue read aloud the figures of latitude and longitude Hiram gave him, and he fluttered the forecastle not a little when he entered it and related that the captain had said that if the like of the wind then blowing held they would be having Stone's Island (as it had come to be termed fore and aft) in view on Friday afternoon. All hands discussed the subject over their hook pots of tea, the biscuit, and the re mains of the salt meat left from dinner, which made out their supper ; and: a painter might very easily have chosen a much less interesting and picturesque subject for a study than the orolden Hope's forecastle at that time offered, for the yellow light of the wester ing sun came gushing and flowing with equatorial intensity of splendour under the foot of the stay foresail, fair in a pool of light upon the scuttle ; and this efful gence, dimming as it struck down the ! hatchway, was re- echoed, so to speak, into j -dusky corners by the flaring and flaming wick of the forecastle lamp, thus consti tuting an' atmosphere in which everything looked novel, , striking, and even grotesque. The movements of the schooner curtseying and rolling over the swell as the trade wind is swept into her distended wings of square sail, and studding sail, caused' the oilskin suits sus pended against the bulkheads to swing solemnly, and in the curious light these tarpaulin garments resembled a row of mariners, who, in a fit of dejection, pos sibly induced by weevils, had just com mitted suicide. The interior was warm, with the hot [ deck overhead and internal flavoring of the steam of tea, the curls of tobacco smoke, and the mingled aromas of tar, of the secrets of the forepeak, of the fumes . of the oil lamp, and the peculiar marine smell that is exhaled through some occult processes, by , sailor's .- waterproof clothes. It was symptomatic of the general uneasiness and misgiving felt throughout the schooner at this period of her outward passage that the forecastle hands should have talked of the island they supposed themselves to be approaching in such a way as if they could not make up their minds whether to believe in it or not. They had managed to find out, to guess perhaps — but anyway the perception was decided amongst them — that Captain Weeks was not at all sure that Stone's Island had an existence ; and now, as they sat in their sea parlor drinking tea and smoking, their conversation took this form : — ' Lads,' said Goldsmith, slowly pouring some tea out of his hook pot into a pan nikin which he tilted from side to side towards the hatch, that he might see if it was clear of leaves and twigs, ' Friday ain't fur off, and if it should come and not bring the hisland along with it, what's agoin' to happen, does anyone know T' ' Well, as I told yer,' said Johnny, the boy, who sat smoking on a chest stowed well in the head, and whose eyes blinked out round and gleaming like an owl's from the dusk there : ' I heerd the cap'n himself tell Mr Stone, if the island aren't wheres it's suppoged to be, the parson means to keep all on a sarchin' for it.' ' Ay, that's all very well,' exclaimed the csok : ' but thank the Lord there's more 'n one to every bargain, and if that island aint where it's said to be, then Micky Anson '11 want a word with the cap'n, if there's to be any sarchin', as Johnny calls it.' ' Ay,' growled old Breeches, who was sitting under the hatch, and whose natural sourness of expression took an inimitable character from its peculiar accentuation by the fluctuating shades and tones of light occasioned by the vessel's move ments. ' That's all very well, mate, but what you've got to consider is, you signed on for a hisland in this here ocean, and ontil that there island's corned across your bargain ain't fulfilled up.' Had this view been applicable only to the cook, its expression would have excited a general laugh, but as it concerned all hands it created a very different emotion, and Johnny, Joe Hall, and Henry Sawyer, stared with faces of real dismay at Breeches. ' Ye' re wrong. Bill,' exclaimed the cook. 'The situation of that island must ha' been knowed afore we started. When we arrive at the part where it's knowed to be, an' it ain't there, then it'll be one or two things for this here child,' tapping his bare mossy breast with his fat hand ; ' either home or the reason why we don't.' ' Well,' observed Breeches, who, hav ing delivered himself of a disagreeable opinion, did not think it the leas his duty to intensify it because it told as much against himself as the others. ' Let the island not be where Bill Stone says it is, an' you knock off, an' see what the magis trates 'il tell ye if ye have to go to law for yer wages.' 'What's the good o' arguing?' said Duck, lighting a pipe, with an impatient puffing out of the tobacco smoke. ' It isn't proved yet that Stone s wrong.' ' Ah,' remarked the ordinary seaman Hall, speaking with his mouth full, ' ye see, Jim, you wasn't at the helm when the parson reads out the figures and the mate walks aft ; if yer had been, ye'd ha' noticed the smile the cap'n cast artar him.' 'What sorter smile?' granted Breeches. ' What's the word sinnifyin' sneering like V' asked Hall. There was a pause and much stolid puffing of tobacco and mastication of biscuit. 'D'ye mean sarcaustic?' exclaimed Duck. ' I wur once along with a capt'n as was given to calling the mate by that word when they quarrelled.' ' Well, if it means sneering-like, as I say, it's the word,' said Hall. ' Even,' broke in the cook, who had evidently been turning over points of law in his mind, 'if we was bound by the articles to make an island which ain't to be found, I'll venture to say, hard as the law is upon sailors, that nothin' onpleasant could follow the crew's resolve to stop the sarch on the grounds that the parson's a loonatic and Bill Stone not much better.' ' Why,' said Breeches slowly, feeling that the others were expecting him to speak, 'if ye put it on that ground, Micky, I dunno as anything onpleasant would follow. It's plain enough that we're navigated on what they calls a wision,' he continued, contemptuously, 'and we're not to know that all the truth there is in Mr Fortescue's dream mightn't be bottled up in a mans heye. Supposin' we don't make the island, then we've got a right to consider it's a wision too— one of Stone's wisions, and he ain't wantin' in the sort o' piety that suffers from heelu — halu — cuss the word ! there's so much slack in many English tarms that there's no haulin' of it in.' He paused that someone might com plete the word. Nobody volunteering, he proceeded — ' Or if it ain't a what-d'ye-call-it of Stone's, it might be an inwention recom mended to him by the parson's friends to tell the parson, so as he might be per suaded to take a woyage for his health, | d'ye see 1 They know'd one another afore ; we sailed, and who's to say what secret ! Stone keeps hid 1 It took him and Hiram | a long spell afore tellin' us what was the cause of this woyage, and can any man here, recollectin' of that, say that we know everything up and down, from end to end ?' He shook his head with a sour grin. ' William Breeches hasn't been to sea all his life for nothin'.' He added suddenly, ' My 'pinion's Micky's. If there's no hisland the whole woyage is a delusion and we can compel the capt'n to carry the schooner home.' The cook smiled broadly in triumph. Johnny said : 'I'm plaguey glad to hear that ; I was plaguey afeard we should have to keep all on in this bloomin' ocean.' ' If ever we get home, it'll be a journey to talk about,'' exclaimed Goldsmith, with an uneasy glance at the bunk that had been occupied by Wilks, the drowned seaman. ' It's not often that things come together as they did yesterday. For my part, it 'ud have pleased me more had they happened earlier than now, with the island within a short sail —if so be as it's there— and Friday atop of the bilin' to make it in ! What does the cap'n want to go and choose Friday for for makin' Stone's Island 1' 'To keep toon to the woyage, Mart'n, to keep toon to the woyage, 'said Breeches, in a voice as hollow as hoarseness would permit it to be. ' If the parson's a man able to see a shipwreck ten thousand mile off in a dream,' observed Duck, ' he must be a sort o' wizard. And if that's his lay, who's to know what he may take it into his head to raise out of the hieland ? If he don't find his gal there he may order old Davy Jones up and ask questions of him. And stand by, Johnny, my lad, if ye goes ashore, for when Davy's done with the parson he may take a fancy to you.' 'No fear o' my goin' ashore,' re sponded Johnny, visibly agitated. 'S'elp me, I'd chuck myself down the hatchway and break a harm sooner than mouse about where wisious and ghosts has been seen and be in the parson's power.5' Some laughter followed this, but it was not hard to gues3 by the want of hearti ness in it that the boy's remarks had nut struck chords wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, it was plain that m the fore castle of the Golden Hope the super stitious feelings which had been excited on the other side of the Cape, but which had been allayed by the representations of Mr Fortescue's motives and mission by Hiram and Stone, were beginning to creep and stir again, along with the old doubt as to the meaning and sanity of the voyage, now that it was understood that the schooner was within three days' sail of the place where the island was affirmed to be. CHAPTER XXVII. THE NIGHT BEFORE. But whatever might have been felt in the cabin there was not the same freedom of conversation you found among the men. The fact was things were so near their realisation that feelings were rendered too sensitive and acute by their proximity to warrant full and frank talk. Hiram especially was reserved : he was certain that his calculations were accurate, and that he would be able to sail the schooner to within one minute of the latitude and longtitude of the island given him by Stone ; but he was again troubled and perhaps irritated by the reflection that should the sea extend bare to its bound aries when he told Mr Fortescue that the spot indicated by the mate was reached, he might be suspected of inaccuracy as a navigator, and the burden of the failure be laid upon his shoulders: for unhappily there was no one on board who could confirm tho correctness of his workings ; and you saw how this consideration harassed him when he stood on deck turning his protrud ing eyes on the crew, or directing his gaunt face seaward with a troubled expression, as though thirsting for the companionship of a vessel to enable him to prove his figures by comparison. Nor had old Stone much to say ; indeed, a wooden look came into his face, and he'd walk the deck with a regular see-saw swing, with a halt aft to glance aloft, then a halt forward to stare to windward, all in a mechanical way that proved it was habit controlling him. Indeed, his stolidity and far-away moods, so to say— for you couldn't speak of dreaminess in such a man — were exceedingly disturbing to Hiram, though it was out of the question he could challenge the old sailor's sin cerity until the indicated situation of the island was reached ; even if by so challenging he felt he could make him own that he understood he was / under a delusion. j It was curious, however, that the scep tical captain should have found something like reassurance in Fortescue's behaviour — that is to say, in finding the curate on the Wednesday afternoon, in the cabin, overhauling the contents of the box of female wearing apparel he had brought with him. It might be that his own anxiety that the voyage should prove absolutely successful in all ways made him willing to put some hope in the clergyman's profound confidence in the truth of his dream. ' Ha !' said he, dragging at the mat of hair under his chin, 'you've got a proper assortment there, sir. None too much, if so be— well, none too much, I dare say, anyhow. How long will the lady have been on the island 1' ' Nine months,' answered Fortescue, in a subdued voice. ' An' which 'ud ye rather, Mr Fortes cue— that ye should find her when we makes the island,' said Hiram, gulping at these words, and asking the question merely to get some hope out of the clergyman's conviction that Stone's Island was real, ' or that she should have been taken off by some passing ship long ago V ' Oh, the latter, surely, Captain Weeka ; yet one would want to know it. But what chance — the ocean tracks are as well beaten as roads ; the island lies out of the highways, and then being a little rock ? . ' He checked himself, and added, ' There are not many hours now betwixt us and the truth.' And he closed the lid of the box with a violent shudder. Hiram thought it his duty to cheer Mr Fortescue by being lively. ' It's curious the number of . garments women wears, sir. They're like full rigged ships 'longside schooners as com pared with men. They piles their canvas high, and it comes low down too ; call it skysails to watersails. If you was going to the relief of a man, a shirt, a pair o' pants, and a coat 'ud be enough, but here's a chest full, and nothen 1 daresay that could be done without. It's the clothing maybe that stops a good many chaps from gettin' married. You'll be knowin' of it, perhaps, as a clargyman, sir. If that there chest is jest the tem porary houtfit of a young castaway lady, what's a regular rig-out goin' to cost?' and forgetting that his intention was to be lively he suffered his large goggling eyes to meet in a thoughtful squint upon the box. 'Captain Weeks,' said Fortescue, taking no notice of this talk, though the motive was too plain to render resent ment possible ; ' the young lady will have my cabin, of course.' ' And you'll have mine, sir.' 'Yes ; I shall have to turn you out.' ' Why, certainly.' 'She may need tender nursing— the tenderest nursing,' exclaimed Fortescue, brooding over thoughts sweet and melancholy, and speaking in a soft voice, rendered melodious by its gentleness. ' Think of nine months upon an island !'* clasping his thin white hands. ' How shall we find her ? perhaps in good health, who knows ? God is a merciful Father. I have prayed to Him by day and by night. I am here by His com mands Believe it or not, it is so, Cap tain, And then the hope that springs eternal ! There is infinite wisdom in that saying. One sees the kindling of it in dying eye3, as I have, eyes still fixed upon thia world. It is a light that illumi nates the shadow of death. Why should it not have supported her ? Has not hope saved many a. life but for it would have perished ? No, no ! it is not spiritual hope I am thinking of, the death-bed beacon. It is the material hope that is in my mind, born of this world, yearn ing for this word, tightening the hold of the heart upoa this world for the love that must be left if death comes. It will have animated her ; it will be the spirit of life in her, it will sustain her till I come guided by God who would not — who wovdd not — have sent me to seek her if she were not to be found !' (To be continued.) 