larAT^MGOT'SMySTION'-ABMy ? ? ? MEKHENGft. ? ? [From the Melbourne Daify Telegraph, A The .Salvation Army ia responsible for some, strange developments, It delights in inno vations, but the moat novel of them all is tier Catherine together of its soldiers for an all light ot prayer, ou.cn a leauval, for so it vaa called, waa commenced at 10 o'clock on EVjednesday night, and terminated at ten' ninutea pa«t5._Q'dock_on Thursday' morning -seven hours and a few odd minutes— into irhich were, compressed aome extraordinary proceedings. - - ; From ? beginning to end '-the jffair was ai scene of wud, maddened, reli gious enthusiasm, and though it lasted so long those who took part in it were as fall of fervour ab the end as they were at ' the com mencement. The ' all night of prayer' serves to terminate the Australasian Annual War Conference of the Salvation Army. The place zhosen was the Temperance Hall, and it was originally intended to utilize only the floor 3pace, but the crowd was bo great that it became necessary to open the galleries, which B-ere rapidly filled. The card of entry specified that all were to be in their seats before 11 s'clock, and to arrange to stay until the inclusion of the meeting. These directions were well complied with by the 1,000 or 1,200 present, though a few took advantage of the opening ef the doors at midnight to return to their homes. It would scarcely be credited that amongst the congregation were women R-ith suckling babes, girls of 12 and upwards, inacoompanied, and many children, yet anch s-as the case 1 It was explained, however, ;hat the meeting was intended for adults }nly, but so great is the enthusiasm of the idherentaof the Army that its officers had rot the heart to refuse admittance to any. Nearly all the men wore bright scarlet erseys, embroidered with mottoes and startling texts, and the majority of the women were clad in the poke bonnet and sombre iress which the organization encourages its followers to adopt At the upper end of the room was a long table covered with red sloth, at the head of which Commissioner Howard, Colonel Barker, and Colonel Pollard, the leaders of the demonstration, took their seats. ' You must keep to the spirit of the meeting,' said the nrst-named gentleman, as' he sprang on to the table at 11 o'clock. ' You have not come here because it is a novel meeting, but to be blessed,' and then there was a hymn, the refrain of which was repeated half a dozen times to every verse. 'Now Borne one pray,' called the Commissioner, and the wordB were hardly out of his mouth when an officer responded. What he said could' only be heard by those close to him, for. his starting was the signal for an accom paniment of groans and wails of the most diatreBaing description. Nearly all present were under the most intense emotion ; every where there were shouts (literally) of various devotional phrases. In this way the all night of prayer waa opened. The occa sionally uplifted faces of the worshippers were marked with the most intense Buffering. Men and women alike grovelled on the floor, rubbing their faces and hands in the dust. Their bodies were contorted into the moat trying positions. The shrieks were more like those Dante tells of than of the saved. For ten minutes this dreadful noise continued! while prayer after prayer was offered. Then came a change, as Colonel Pollard jumped on the table, and commenced singing a veree, 'Speak, Lord ! speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth.' Music is said to have a eoothing effect ; it certainly calmed down the Salvation Army, for they came to their knoea, and with clasped hands and bent heads took up the words, singing them in a Blow, dirge-like fashion; and repeating them many .and many a time. As the last notes died away a man sprang to his feet, and shrieked, screamed, yelled— po word can describe it— ' Oh God! apeak to me.' His features were drawn up in a fearful manner. Had ParhassraB Been that face he . would . never have tor tured a slave to paint agony. Then came the Lord's Prayer, but qualified, twisted about, and .embellished in. such a way as to make it almost unrecognisable. This fa another innovation— decidedly not a good one, Colonel Barker followed. He ia the moat popular officer of the organization, and apart from all other questions there were many present who owed their rescue from lives of drunkenness and shame to his agency. Therefore as he rose there were loud cries of ' Glory,' ' Hallelujah,' and similar exclama tions, which were continued with vigour, all the time he was reading out the next hymn. Following was a reading of Scripture, the chapter being explained verse by verse as the leader went along. Then Commitsioner Howard delivered a little address. Such a meeting brought them all on common ground, broke down the sectional fences which exiBted. It was heart work that was wanted that night, because if religion was to be divine it must be a heart matter. Practical homely illuatra tioru abounded in this address, and as it went on strong men, like weak women, burst into paroxyama of sobbing, probably as good a thing as could have happened, for it served to reduce the shouting and groaning which up to that time had been going on almost un interruptedly. But the quiet thus obtained doeanot continue, for praying recommences imuiciuateijr mo uuuiuiuKuuaur utus ? uuwr speaking, and so do the moans and wails. Such praying exhausts, for the beseecher in his efforts to make himself heard by the people shoute in an astounding way. But the louder he snouts the more noisy do the inswering pries become, and thus intense sxcitement is created in a few seconds. There is a repetition of the floorlscenes, anything but pleasant to look at. Ihe want of a proper sy&tt; m leads byand-by to half a dozen praying at the same time and more confusion, until, after a long interval. Colonel Pollard :ommencea. His voice quells the storm, and his prayer is touching. Colonel Pollard ia a oew acquisition to Victoria, and after Colonel Barker is the best officer in all respeots that the Army has in the colonies. He succeeded in doing in New South Wales what the last named gentleman has done here. .Some ad dresses follow by the Majors of Tasmania and New Zealand. These speeches tended' to raise the enthusiasm to a greater pitch than ever. Major Wright, of Queensland, cwne next, and then .there was more prayer and repetition of past proceedings, terminating at 1.40 a.m. for refreahmenti. The change was remaikable. The agonised faces became cheerful, and there waa chatting, laughing, C' *ng, badinage — where a moment bef ore been groans and wails— while tea, bis cuits, .and cake were banded round by, the officers. It was an agreeable interlude, as much for the one spectator as for those who* were taking part. Thirty-five minutes were none too many, but punctually at a quarter' past 2 a.m. the cups and Baucera were on the floor, and the devotions went on as if they had never been interrupted. This was bewil dering and astounding. Tea is not a remark-* able stimulant to excitement, but neverthele» the enthusiasm grew hotter than ever. Some one called for ' Brother Somebody, and a Btout, elderly map, whose appearance micht. best be palled Pickwickian, jumped to the/ table, flinging his coat from him, and de livered in hia shirt sleeves a startling and painful address. There is no other name for it. The names of the Almighty, the Saviour* and the Holy Ghost were mixed up and asso ciated by this speaker in a way that shocked ; and if anything the speech was' made more shocking by the laughter with which it was received and the sound of the chinking of money into the plates which' were being handed round for a collection to defray the cost of the refreshments. He. went on for some time, and concluded by singing a hymn, interlarding it with another series of irre verent jokes, for they can be termed nothing else. At twenty-five minutes; to** 3 o'clock matters culminated: in ; a soene which beggars all description. It arose from a number, of simultaneous prayers, and every moment the noise grew greater until the' hall was filled with one sustained body of sound, which pained the ears excruciatingly. '' This is not exaggeration, The leadeiB seemed to lose their control. Every man and woman present, save the one spectator, was greatly excited. They jumped to their feet, danced, clapped their hands, hugged, kissed, and embraced one another, and uttered in the meat thrilling tones exclamations it' would be irreverent to repeat. Many threw them selves to tbe ground, but astonishing to say none of them were hurt, thoneh the fall would have injured an ordinary being. Women shrieked and children cried, and so it went on until at last Nature -asserted herBelf, and this burat gradually Bubrfded until there was sufficient quiet for the Com* missioner to start a hymn, which as usual had a pacifying effect. Then Colonel Barker' read a number of requests for prayersv and ordered the .congregation to kneel and Pray for themEelvesj instructions which'1 were, obeyed ; and this brought the hour of 8 o'clock to hand. The next twenty- five minutes were- epent in singing and listening to an address] from the Eev. W. C. Banning, and at twenty rive miEutes past 3 a.m. the Commissioner called on all who wanted ' a full cleansing' to come down to the rsdeovered table and get it. There was a rush at once. Finally a number of officers who have been promoted were eworn in under a flag, to which they raised their right hands and took the oath ; and thus at ten minutes past 5 o'clock ter minated this extraordinary scene of religkraa -mt'hT^ja%rn. ? ? ? [ ? ? 