THE ADVERTISER Saturday, May 28, 1887. We are glad to hear that the Newport Gas Company, which has always met difficulties with a steady face, is at last emerging into actual life, under cir- cumstances that give promise of per- manent prosperity. A company that has done so much to deserve success cannot fail to command it. Every step has found an obstacle, and still the promoters, like a daring company of explorers piercing the fastnesses of forests and surmounting the rugged heights of mountains, have pushed bravely on, full of confidence and good cheer. Delays unpremeditated and troubles unforseen have arisen ; but one by one they have been met, and the directors, by a few strokes of business, have more than covered the temporary drawbacks encountered. The delay over the completion of the gasometer tank was more than made up for by the advantageous terms at which, the site for the works was secured from the Government; and the terms'obtained from the Williamstown Gas 'Company are considered mor ■ reassuring still. This is due in a great measure to the wonderful advance that has taken place in property in and around Newport since the bargain was concluded. Population lias been at tracted to the district, though it must be said the flow has not yet fairly begun. But even as matters stand a ten per cent return on the outlay is not an over sanguine estimate; the share holders therefore have every reason to be hopeful of their property in the future. It is but natural to view an enterprise such as this from a share holder’s standpoint; unless it be a remunerative concern to its owners we can be sure the public will derive little satisfaction from it. It is always more pleasing, too, to observe public inter ests catered for by privrte capital; it comes as a splendid answer to the pessimistic cry that Governments are called upon to do everything for us. No element enters more intimately into our domestic concerns than gas; it is looked for as unreservedly as railway communication or water supply, and when we see gas not following, but pre ceding close population,no better case of private enterprise need be sought for. That the outlay on such an undertaking should prove remunerative is a matter for public congratulation, and a very considerable section of the public will receive a practical benefit from the enterprise of the Newport Gas Com pany—enterprise that is worthy of America. _ At the Harbor Trust meeting on Wednes day a discussion arose over tlie proposal to establish abattoirs at Fishermen’s Bend. Mr Perry and Mr Mountain were in favor of the site, and urged that it would be con venient for the shipping to have abattoirs on the river, and that they could be conducted so as not to create a nuisance. Mr Cowman was strongly opposed to the site, _ and supported the recommendation of the Works Committee that a deputation wait on the Premier to protest against it. Mr Blyth re marked the Trust had paid away between £20,000 and £25,000 to compensate persons whom they would not allow to cany on noxious trades, and he could not see why the Trust should sanation the establishment of what would be an intolerable nnisauoe at the entrance of the port. The Central Board of Health were opposed to tiie site. Messrs | Elyth, Loader, S!ddeley, Thornley and Dow man were appointed to act as the depu tation. A good deal of comment has been made at the inconsistency of the Council in refusing to officially sign the petition in favor of a fourth ward, which six members had signed privately as ratepayers. It is not improb able that the Governor-in-Council will be made aware of the fact that six Councillors have signed the petition, should it be rejected because it is not signed and endorsed by the Conncil. The name of Councillor Lindsey was omitted from our list of Councillors who signed the petition in favor of a fourth ward given in our last issue. In justice to him it may be mentioned that he was willing to support the prayer of the petition, not only by his si gnature as a ratepayer, but also in his capacity as Councillor. The public meeting to protest against the establishment of abattoirs at Fishermen’s Bend that was to havo taken place on Monday night has been nostponed till Thursday evening next. The Mechanics’ Institute was engaged for the night first fixed upon, hence the alteration. On the Queen’s Birthday 2,392 persons travelled on the Williuin3town line, yield ing a revenue of £52. Last year the number of passengers was 1,439; and the revenue £70. An action brought against the Mayor, Councillors and burgesses of Williamstown, by Miss Alico Butler, was to be heard in the first Nisi Prim Court yesTerday before Mr Justice Kerferd. Miss Butler sues for £1000 damages for injuries she received on the night of May 30th, 1SSG, through falling over a wooden crossing at the intersection of Ferguson and James streets in consequence of the crossing having been negligently and improperly nr.aie, maintained and kept that it was dangerous to persons crossing during the hours of dark- ness. The defence is that there is no negli gence. Dr Madden and Mr Purves repre sent the Council. The Newport police have been investigat ing tho statements attributed to several persons over the “ghost” who has beon exercising many minds of late. They find tho accountsju circulation to bo exaggerated, and for the most part as visionary and un substantial as the spirit itself. If they believed tho ghost to be some practical joker, a watch would be set, but the des criptions given are far two baseless to come within mortal ken, and the police will there fore leave the spectrum to his night-star ministrations, as he does not appear to be anything amenable to the baton or the hand A meeting of the Williamstown branch of the Australian Natives’ Association was held on Monday evening in the Academy of Music, the president, Mr Crawfurd Lindsey, being in the chair. Tenders were received from various hall-keepers for a meeting room for the society, and the Odd Fellows’ Hall was chosen: Thesecretary was directed to write to the United Friendly Societies’ Dispensary to have the society admitted. Eleven new members were admitted, and Messrs A. Hornby, Collett, A. Lindsey, C. Curtis, Dr Maclean, Dr Bryant, A. G. L. Cin Holman, J. N. Bird and W. J. Urwm pro posed as members. The Harbor Trust require power to borrow £2,000,000. At present by the Trust Act they arc limited to £1,U0,UUU. Their object in seeking the increased power is to raise money to build the West Mel boume docks according to the plans or Sir John Coode and Mr Brady, the engineer of the Trust. . They a'ao ask that one-fifth, of their gross revenue should be allowed to them for works. The Cabinet will consider the matter. Major-General Schaw and Major Rhodes have Inspected the batteries and defence positions at the Heads, and also the pro posed site for a fort at the Pope s Rye. The Swan Island battery, the Nepean battery and the Queensclitfe battery were also examined. The Major-General will report hia opinions to the Defence Department. Owners and. occupiers of proporty are re minded that their rates must be paid before |1 June 10th to entitle them to a p ace on the i ratepayers’ roll. 1 Sergeant Whitchor has been indisposed during tiie week, and has not been able to occupy his accustomed place at the Police Court. He has been suffering from cold. Uo has now recovered. The monthly meeting of the Baud of Hope, in connection with the 'Williamstown Wesleyan Sunday school, was held in the schoolroom, Pasco street, on Tuesday even ing last, when there was a very large attendance. Mr S. Byrne occupied the chair, and delivered an interesting address on the principles of Band of Hope unionism. An excellent programme was rendered, which included recitations by Misses Griffiths and Smith and Master Christie; and a dialogue entitled the “Red Nose,” by Messrs Griffiths, Johnson and Christie, was given in oxcellent style. The entertainment wound up with a magic lantern exhibition, and the slides shown proved very amusing. Mr A. Lancaster officiated as organist. The meeting dispersed after singing the National Anthem. Tenders are elsewhere invited until Tuesday next by the Postmaster-General for the conveyance of mails to and from Wyndham railway station, Mount Cottercll via Tarnoit, Truganina and Derrimut three day3 a week. Messrs Huddart, Parker & Co thus con trast the Melbourne and Sydney prices for docking ships :—Thoir a.s. Wendouree was docked in Melbourne on May 5, 1SSG, and the amounts of accounts paid in connection therewith were;— Engineers’ account, £302 3s 5d ; painters’ account, £100 ; dock owners’ account, £163 ISs; total, £566 15s. The same ship was docked in Sydney on February 1, 1SS7, and the amount of ac occounts paid were :—engineers’ account, £54 5s 9d ; painters’ account, £6S 18s; dockowners' account, £68 6s Sd ; total, £191 10s 5d. There was more engineers’ work and painting done in Melbourne than in Sydney, but the time occupied in dock and the immediate cause of docking was the same in both places—two days in dock and shifting propeller shaft and propeller. The firm require the use of the Williamstown patent slip at current rates, and consider this only fair, as the Government slip and dock were in existence before the private docks. Four Williamstown sandcartcra, named Henry Neal, William Neal, George Burns and David Bristow were summoned before the Port Melbourne Police Court on Thurs day for removing rand from the crown lands without a license. Henry and William Neal were fined £10 each with 21s costs, in default two months imprisonment, and Burns and Bristow £5 or one month. There was a crowded attendance at the Temperance Hall on Saturday night last at the meeting of the Blue Ribbon Union. The Rev C. II. Ingamelis occupied the chair, and delivered a stirring address on the Drink Traffic of Victoria. An interesting pro gramme was presented, which the audience highly appreciated ; it included a piano forte duet by Miss Heriot and Master Heap, violin solo by Mr Howe, solos by Messrs Heriot, Salt, Jones, and Byrne, and recitations by Messrs Watchorn, Claughton, Sinclair and others. Several persons signed the pledge. Mr Devine con ducted the choir, and Miss Harris officiated as organist and pianist. A capital pro gramme will be given to-Dight. The Melbourne Football first twenty will meet the South Williamstowu on the Williamstown cricket ground this afternoon. The local St. John Ambulance Corps are now receiving the names of ladies and geutlemen desirous of joining the new classes that are beiug formed. The corps arc very anxious to extend their sphere of usefulness, and widi that object are deicrmined toattract a large attendance to “Checkmate” and “ The Terrible Tinker,” to be given in the Mechanics’ Institute on Thursday, June 23rd, by the local Comedy Club. On Tuesday last tho Welsh people of Williamstown celebrated Her Majesty’s birthday by holding an Eisteddfod, which institution is characteristic of the Welsh nation. A grand Eisteddfod, open to all, is held every year on St. David’s Day at Ballarat, but this is the first time that one has been held in Wi'liamstown, and, from its complete success, will probably be established a3 an annual event. Prizes were offered for poetry, singing, literal m o and religious questions, all of which brought forward numerous competitors- The prin cipal prize was for a poem in memory of the late Mr Griffith Owen, who was a deacon of the church. It was won by Mr Pascoe, “ the Railway Poet,” of Sandhurst. For the singing Messrs Phillips and Rosser carried off the prize for the solos, while tho quartette was won by a party from Mel bourne. However, the Williamstown glee party gained first honors against all coiners. In the literary and religious questions the palm was given to Mr J. Smith, who won four prizes. The following gained prizes for various other things :—Miss Roberts (2), Lain Williams, Lilly Williams, Misses Evans, Thomas, Gronow, Williams, and Messrs Griffiths, W. Morgan, W. Gronow, Roberts and Thomas. Both the afternoon and evening meetings were crowded with enthusiastic audiences, who evinced eager and keen interest in the decision of the judges—Messrs D. H. Evans, of Caulfield, and R.Evuns for poetry and literature, ai d Mr W. Thomas, of Ballarat, for music. The meeting was a most enjoyablo one, and ended with the singing of the Welsh national air, followed by “ God Save tho Queen.” It may be stated that £2 was given for prizes by the Cambrian Society of Victoria. The Blue Ribbon Temperance meeting at the Mechanics’ Institute was well attended on Saturday night. The chair was occupied by the Rev Mr Harrison. Miss Lowther gave a recitation, "A trip to tho Gippsland Lakes,’' and narrowly escaped an encore. Miss Masters also recited. Songs were sung by Mr Bell and Misses Tabley and Stewart, who had to respond to an encore, A dialogue, “The Bashful Lover,” was given by Miss Darling and Mr Smith and Messrs T. and J. Bell. Masters Taylor and Baldock de'ivered an interesting and amusing dialogue entitled “Patrick versus Michael.” The choir sang during the evening under the baton of Mr Roberts. Miss Thomas presided at the organ. A good programme is prepared for to-night. In the Congregational Church on Sunday evening the Rev J; II. Mitchell delivered the first of a series of sermons on the “ History of Joseph.” He said there was nothing recorded of Joseph, save his birth, till he reached the age of seventeen, when he excited the enmity of his brethren. This was due to the favoritism of Jacob, who should have remembered what favoritism had done in his father’s family. But Joseph was the son ofhis best beloved Rachel, and was endowed with very high qualities, and it would seem that all Jacob’s love was lavished upon his favorite son Joseph. Then, again, there were his dreams—and here the preacher made an excursus to speak of dreams in general. God spoke to the prophets in dreams, and the question naturally arose, “ Does God so speak now ?' The conclusion arrived at by the preacher was that, putting aside those !drcams which are the result of a disordered system, God does still speak to his people in the visions of the night, The lessons drawn from this part of the subject were that we should deal tenderly with the motherless, for Joseph lost his mother when ve.y young, but his brothers did not love him ; they rather hated him. Those touching lines of Cowper on the death of his mother were very appro priate here. Another lesson was that there should be no favoritism in the family. The petted child would probably grow proud and spoiled. And yet another lesson—“ Marvel not if the world hate you." Joseph revealed the wickedness of his brothers to their father ; he would be no party to their wickedness. He was no talebearer, for the talebearer tells everybody; Joseph told his father only. Men were placed in similar positions now ; then let them act as Joseph did. They might be made a butt of by their fellows, but repulsed by men let them turn to God. The series is to be continued next Sunday evening. The funeral of the late Air Alexander Culbert Ramsay look place on Sunday last, and was attended by a large concourse of people, a goodly number of whom were Free masons, Odd Fellows, rnd members of the Orange Lodge. The hearse was fol lowed by two. mourning coaches containing relatives. The carriages and other vehicles contained about 2C0 persons. The following gentlemen officiated as pall-bearers:—Dr E. G. Figg, Alcssrs Kidney, Murphy, M’Clure, Wilson and Duross. The coffin was borne by the following ■ gentlemen .— Messrs Parker, Glenister, Rowe and M’Intyre. The arrangements were entrusted to Messrs H. Lonsdale and son. At about half-past three o’clock on Thurs day morning a fire broke out in a seven roomed house iu Cole street, owned and occupied by Constable M'Donald, of tho Water Police. He was on duty in the bay at the time, and Mrs M'Donald and tho family were in the house. It iB believed the building ignited in the front room where a fire had been left by Mrs M'Donald, who was not in good health. When she awoke tho place was a mass of flame, Her first thought was for tho young children who were sleeping in a separate room, and with the aid of her daughter she rescued them, but not a moment too booh, as the flames were fast overspreading that apartment. The blaze was to bo seen plainly from Nelson place, and the fire-bell was_ soon rung and responded to by the local brigade. The reel was taken to Baird’s gates, which were locked. The firemen carried it bodily over tho footbridge, but when they reached the building, which was near the intersection of Illnwarra. street, their only plan was to prevent the spread of tho conflagration to the adjoining property, which at times appeared to be in imminent peril. In this they were successful, but none of Mr M'Donald’s property could be rescued. The building was insured for £250, the furniture for £120, and the effects for £40 in tho National Company. A meeting of the committee of the Newport Mechanics’ Institute was held at Maskell’s Hotel on Wednesday evening, the president, Mr A. Peel in the chair. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr Bcnness, seconded by Mr Durkin, “That a Works Committee.be formed for the purpose of carrying out the building of the Mechanics’ Institute.” The following gentlemen were appointed a Works Committee:— Hon. A. T. Clark, Messrs Durkin, Benness, Barker, Barlow, Booker, Dickson, Pain, Byers and Blelhyn. Mr Benness was appointed to see the architect and get plans, &c.; A subscription list was started in the room, the Hon..A. T. Clark heading the list with the princely donation of loo guineas; Messrs A. K, Peel, to guineas ; Maskcll, io guineas; Durkin, 5 guineas, and Benness 5 guineas, several other gentle men promising smaller amounts, the total for the evening being over ^130. Thecommittce hope to be in a position to call for tenders for the erection of the building in a month. The Newport Dramatic Club having placed their services at the disposal of the committee for an entertainment to augment the funds, the offer was received with thanks. The meeting then adjourned, A collection representing £8 has been handed over to the Bulli rolief fund, collected at the Congregational Church, Stevedore street. The Crow Club will shortly give two performances in the Mechanics’ Institute The dates fixed are Thursday, June 9th, and Thursday, June 16th. Several novelties are promised. Messrs John Morgan and Co will sell by auction this afternoon cottage property in Hotham street and Dover road; and on Thursday stock iu trade of Mrs Jones, Stevedore street; also, in conjunction with Mr Duthie, on Monday, in the Exchange, the s.s, Hope, a tow and cargo boat. 