CANON GREEN'S REPLY. TO THE EDITOB. Sir — Most minda will think Canon Green s» Q.E.D, a remaikable piece of reasoning. Tne Congregation&list3;_in their 'principles of which they nave pas ntm. ' xne congrega tional Churche3 Bold it to be the will of, Christ that true believers should voluntarily assemble together to observe religious ordi nances ; to promote mutual edification and holiness : to perpetuate and propagate the gospel in the world ; and to advance the glory and worship of God through Jesna Christ,' &c.; Here four objects Ere set before a Christian Society, and the laat of them is 'to advame the glory of God.' There fore, ' avowedly with the denomination to which Mr. Hebditch belongs the worship of God is the last object in view when they assemble together,' Thia ia the Q.E.D. of Canon Green. The argument would indeed be proved if it were recognised that the last clause in a Eentenco ia the least m importance. Bat this is not usually the case. Often the last clause in a sentence explains what has gone before, and welds the whole into unity of meaning. The first of the Thirty-nine Articles reads thus— ' There is but one living and true God, ever lasting, without body, part3, or passions, the maker and. preserver of all things, both visible and invisible; and in unity of this Godhead there be three persons of one sab stance, power, and eternity, the Father, tha Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Would it ba honest ' for ms to eay that the last thing Episcopalians think of in their creed ia the Trinity or the Holy Spirit ? No. Yet after the model of Canon Green's Q.E.D. I might fairly do eo. If this is the way Canon Green when a boy at school did his'problems in Euclid I feel a good deal of dust must have been thrashed out of his jacket before ha passed the_ Pans An'morum, it may be Canon Green is a good logician and a good mathematician. If so, this sort of reasoning is Jesuitical casuistry ; clever, but not exactly honest. At ths commencement of his reply he says — 'No one has seriously attempted to meet? rny contention that the religion of Protestant Dissenters is fundamentally different from that of the Chursh.' By 'the Church' Canon Green means his Church. His Church is based on hierarcbichal principles. The priestly idea is at the basi3 of bis definition of the Church. And I am sorry to say that his definition is the more prominent one ia the English Episcopal Church of to-day. Sacerdotalism is the ' crux' . of the whole argument and separation between Episco palians and Nonconformists. This is the point the 'Home Reunion Society' must settle before it comes to us with its invita tion to return to the arms of Mother Church. Nonconformists hold aa their fundamental position 'the kingship and priesthood' of all true believers. They cannot learn from Scripture that any man, however good, learned, and great, has a right to assume spiritual and mysteri ous authority over the rest of mankind. Before Churchmen can look for union ?with. Nonconformists they mast eradicate all that; savouis of priestcralt in their system. Non conformists see the cloven hoof of Some in apostolic succession, baptismal regeneration, confirmation, consecration of candlesticks, Churches, burying grounds, and the like. Sacerdotalism separates the Church of Canon Green from Nonconformity by a Rulf that at present appears impassable. For myself, I am content to be regarded as belonging to another religion. At the same time I know there is in the Eight of the Supreme but one Church, the spiritual Church overlapping all others. Admission to this Church is not by the authority of priest or prelate, but by Him who said, ' 1 am the way, the truth, and the life ; no man cometh unto the Father hnfc hv mp-' Instead of speaking of 'two religions' would it not be more correct to speak of two modes of understanding the Christian faith 2 Nonconformist and Churchmen worship the same God, adore the came Christ, and invoke ¥ the Eame Spirit Let there bs no misrepresentation of one another. For conEcience sake we must be separated in onr work, but the time will come when we shall know and love each other better. Canon Green give3 good evidence of having refreshed his memory of days long ago. 'He has been looking into Nonconformist principles and writings, consequently having breathed a pnrer air. and drank at a purer Etream he speaks more generously and truly of those whom he calls ' Protestant Dia sent^rs.' If there are such in this colony is he not among them ? For myself I still hold there is 'no such snima! as a Dissenter in the colony.' Let all good Churchmea follow the example of Canon Green, read a little Nonconformist literature, and they will find that we with them believe in ' one Lord* one faitb, one baptism.' I am, Sir, &c.;, WALTEE JONES. Congregational Manss, G&tvlcr.; ? . : : 