ow and MR. GLADSTONE ON THE IRISH QUESTION. The Prospects of the Liberal Party. THE FUTURE FURL OF HOPE. On Friday night (rf'lth July) Mr. Gladstone addressed a meeting of the council of the London Liberal and Radical Union at the Memorial Hall, the room being crowded to excess. The chair was taken bv the presi dent, Mr. John Morley, M.P. Mr. Ghidstone, on his appearance, was most enthusiastically received, the audience joinin'; in sinking’ L or he’s a jolly good fellow." lie spoke for an hour and a half with great, fire, energy, and distinctness. In the course of. his speech he said :—Gentlemen, we are again engaged in A sSTRUOOLE OF Trip DPRriCST MOMENT to all who care either for the interests of the empire or for the interests of this vast metro polis. I rejoice, gentlemen, to think that by the method of assembling here the heads of all local organisations I am able, at least on this occasion, to place myself for a moment in relation with the wholeof London. (Cheers.) I will ask you, gentlemen, to consider for a moment, your own position as well as the position of the empire ; for the Imperial cause and the local cause are so mixed up with the Irish cause that it is really impos sible to sever them. (Cheers.) Now, gentle men, we all know that as far as Parliamentary representation is concerned, we are a poor and a small minority, as measured by the members that, the metropolis has re turned ; and yet [ know not that you will deem nm (extravagant when I say that in my conviction—you may share it or you may not, hut my firm belief is tlmt a majority, and a decided majority of the people—the true people of the metropolis am encaged in one heart and mind with us in the battle that we are now lighting. (Cheers.) But we know the effect of the property vote (hear, hear)—we know the effect of the present registration law. (Cheers.) We know how many impedinmnts tlmra are to tin* declara tion of the universal sentiment. (Hear, hear.) We wait for time, probably not a very dis tant time (cheers), when the whole of these barriers will he removed. Now, gentlemen, you are looking forward—though it is not the subject on which I am to address you in detail—you arc looking forward to the adop tion of a system of Government for London (hear, hear), which shall give to you, from whom it has been so long and so unhappily withheld, the enormous advantages of a free representative local system. (Cheers.) Now, I ask you this question : When you come to determine the qtmsti m of the' subject of London government do vou suppose yon will not then also have a battle to tight, and who will he the men w ho will resist the emaneipa tion of London '? fin: very same men that are now resisting it. (Ulmers.) In every quarter and every corner there will emerge friends id monopoly and of privilege, anil the toes of liberty, and tin* champions of prejudice to contend that it is dangerous to give you—the men of London, who are al ready 4,00(1,000 in number and who will he rapidly 5,000.000 or |J,()()(),()t)() or ] know not what (laughter)—that it is dangerous to give to you those powers with respect to which they an1 now contending that it is dangerous to give to the people of Ireland. Gentlemen, let me just say this one word. There are mat))' subjects on which you in London and and your fellow-citizens, whether they have all as yet recognised it or not, have a special as well ms a general interest in the promotion of 'I'lIIS CHEAT I It I St 1 CAUSE. There are mum, in my opinion, who suffer more from want of further representa tive local government than the people of London. 1 want to make to you what I might presume to call a prac tical as opposed to a theoretical speech. It appertains to the grandeur of human nature that we should loop as Lir as we can both into the future and into the past : hut at the same time you will admit that fim present also has its claims (cheers), and in mv opinion the present is so likely to exercise a determining inllimnce upon the future, that T, for my part, never felt more anxious that full justice should he dune to it. Let us I consider, therefore, gentlemen, for a little what are the duties incumbent upon us, and incumbent upon our friends as members of the Liberal party. I apprehend I speak ac cording to the dictates of experience when I say that the Liberal party, if it be united, is the ruling party in this country. (Loud cheers.) I will not go back any further, gentlemen, than TIIE ELECTION OF 1885 (hear, hear), and it is only within the next few moments that I will deal with anything in the nature of a figure (laughter) ; hut in 1885 we had at the election a united Liberal party. We were unfortunately opposed at that time in every quarter of the country by what is known as the Lush vote. I make no complaint whatever of that opposition (hear, hear), though I presume to insinuate a doubt whether the great tactical faculty of the leader of that party did him good service at that particular election (cheers)—whether he now looks back upon it — I know nothing of the interior of his mind —whether he now looks back upon it with the same satisfaction with which probably he has reason to con template the greater part of his labours and exertions. However, in defiance of the strength of the Tories and in defiance of the Irish vote we returned to Parliament almost an exact moiety of the entire Legislature. There being 86 or 85 Irish national members in that Parliament, whom I reckoned as oppo nents upon that occasion, it follows we had a majority of about 85 over the Tories. That, gentlemen, was not yet two years ago—about 18 or 20 months ago ; therefore I am not speaking extravagantly wlum I s iv that tlm Liberal party have in the,ir own hands the con sideration of the destinies of this country, and we ought to recollect that those who have the power have, the responsibility. (Applause.) They cannot escape from that responsibility, and it is their duty so to use the power as to discharge all the duties and meet all the calls which the responsibility imposes. Now, gentlemen, we have to record the experience of another election—-the elec tion *1 mean when, according to our opponents, we were extinguished and annihi lated. (Laughter.) That is THE ELECTION OF LAST YEAR. The Liberal party was divided ; but although we were a divided party, although we were called by some the mere wreck and residue of a party, well in Great Britain under those circumstances we polled 1,344,000 votes, and the triumphant party now exults over us, and unquestionably can count a very large majority in the House of Commons. Over the Liberals and Nationalists united, they polled in (Great Britain 1,420,000 votes against 1,344,000. There is nothing in that to inspire at first sight absolute despair. (Applause.) I will venture to point out to you this fact. There was a majority at the polls of 76,000 votes, and those 76,000 votes gave to what is termed the Unionist party, which means the party that is working to sever and divide more and more (loud cheers) the heart of Ireland from the heart of Lngiand (renewed cheers)—the great Unionist party—'if you will excuse me for a moment in using the term in a sense that I admit to be of the grossest absurdity—that great Unionist party, by a majority of 76,000 votes at the poll, has a triumphant majority of 100, gentlemen—a full 100 gentlemen—in the. [Louse of Com mons. It semis to follow, gentlemen, that if we could gain back that. 76,000 votes wo should he—ovum if we could g'ain back twice those 76,000 votes—-it, might happen that we might have a majority of 100. (Cheers.) That is to say, we require, to bring back LoO.OOO votes in order thoroughly to rectify our position and to put ourselves in the con dition to put forward the business of the empire with efficacy and promptitude. (Ap plause.) IS THAT AN APSITRI* EXPECTATION ? (No.) According to my calculation, 150,000 is as nearly as possible eleven per cent upon 1,314,000 votes. Well, but we have, some instruction upon this subject. ( Hear, hear.) I am not called upon to feed you with empty and idle promises on the credit only of san guine anticipations — 1 look back to elections that have happened (cheers), and these (dec lions thus far have happened in the portion of the country most favourable to our opponents — that is to say, that which lies to tin! South and tin' Last of a line drawn across the country—and in these elections, taking. 1 think, the first six or seven of them that, have happened together, we have actually exhibited a gain of at least eleven per cent all over, or the very gain you want in order to be placed in a triumphant position if there were a dissolution to-morrow. (Cheers.) See how different this is from what happened ten, twelve, or fourteen years ago. The Liberal party was defeated in 1874, and was not reinstated till 1880, and I will venture to say that out of these six years—out of the first three or four—there were no real signs of revival. Things remained in a state of stag nation, and no progress was made until the last three, and more particularly the last two or the last one and a half years. Six years, therefore, it took to bring about a change of public opinion. How does the case stand now? You are only twelve months from the last dissolution, and already, by looking at evidence, I do not say that it is absolutely demonstrative, but it is sound as far as it goes —it is diversified and it is not cooked (laughter)—within twelve months of your annihilation you are able to point to a re markable, a strong, and a determined move ment in your favour. (Cheers.) I will refer to TIIIl It ID POINTS briefly. You will remember that on the general election an objection was taken in almost every quarter, and certainly in almost every Libera] quarter, to the proposals we had made, by Imperial credit to buy out the land I lords of Ireland, or to enable them to buy themselves out, if they were so disposed. I am not going to defend that plan, gentlemen. I (Laughter.) I leave it aside entirely ; but I ventured, after consultation with those of my friends whom I thought could be taken as representative, and ventured publicly and notoriously to express the opinion that it was practicable for us to frame a scheme of land purchase in Ireland adequate for the occasion which should not impose the burden upon the Imperial credit. (Cheers.) That surely was an important announcement. Well, then there has been a tremendous interest on the subject of the retention of Irish members at Westminster, and there again I believe I think I may say I have the opinion of my coadjutors and colleagues when I refer to the fact that in Wales a few weeks ago I declared that we entirely renounced all adhesion to any foregone conclusion on the subject of the retention of Irish members at West minster which could possibly interfere with the granting of a full and effectual measure of Horne. Rule in Ireland. The retention of Irish members at We-tininster, is a matter in which Scotland and Great Britain have the i right to a determining voice, and we have as much disposition to defer to it as if we had never mixed in any way with the subject. It is in our opinion a subject which it would be unwise to attempt at this moment to cast into stereotyped form, because we are perhaps yet years distant from the time when any respon sible Government will be in a position to pro pose any settlement of Home Rule. (Cries of “ No, no.”) Well, it may Ire—yon cannot tell (laughter), and a man must be very in competent, indeed, for public duties who will ever allow himself to be inveigled into so unwise a course as to make premature judg ment upon public affairs. But. what I sav is tier supreme ami paramount consideration still is Home Buie for Ireland, and any question, with regal'd to the exelusion or retention of Irish members at Westminster never wilI be allowed to be used to interfere with the attainment of that one object. (Cheers.) On a third point we have made an important declaration, though it really amounted to no more than this—-we have re ferred to the language in which we origi nally proposed Home Rule. Attempts have been made—-attempts that will never receive sanction in this hall—-in this hall which is a temple and sanctuary of religious liberty—• yet attempts have been made to stir up Pro testant bigotry—when f speak of Protestant bigotry, all bigotry is the growth of narrow minds, and of that advantage, has been taken, and we. are told of the horrors that arc im pending over our Protestant brethren in Ire land. (Hear, bear.) Gentlemen, if you ask me my belief about: those horrors, 1 could give it in a very few words. I do not believe the Protestants in Ireland expect it. because their language hi the North is this—•' We are opposed to Home Rule, hut if there is to he Home Rule, we will never separate our lot and destiny from the destiny of these islands.” On that subject, gentlemen, we, have said all that we can say, and even those that find fault with us, take good care not to bind themselves any further. We have said over and over again from the first to the last that if there were a disposition to sever some portion of Ireland which may be found, and which may fairly be called, a Protestant part of Ireland , and if the public desire and mind of that portion be in favour of that severance, we will not stand in the way. (Hear, hear.) Can we say more? Well, gentlemen, I want to call your attention to this fact. I have detained you (“ no, no”) by stating in some detail those three points — the use of Imperial credit, the retention of the Irish members in Westminster, and the leaving free and open also the question of the grant ing to some portion of Ulster, if it should be desired, a separate system. Now MY PROPOSITION IS THIS. I do not see how it is to be denied. Those three efforts on our part have at least been considerable efforts towards approximation and reunion. (Cheers.) Have they been ac knowledged as such (loud cries of “No”) by the dissentient Liberals ? There is not a man among them, so far as I know, either among the leaders or among the followers, who has ever thought it worth his while to give one word of acknowledgment of any of these concessions. Put, gentlemen, I refer to these matters not because I feel that our position is shaken and undermined by such a state of things, but because I wish to put into your minds the conclusive answers to those who still have the boldness, I believe, to allege that we have shown no disposition and made no efforts in order to bring about a reunion of the Liberal party. Now, gentlemen, I come for a moment to a more cheerful point, and it is this—Lord Hartington, I think very much to his credit, has been kind enough to express the hope which he cherished, that at a future time the Liberal party may be found again united in its efforts to carry out Liberal designs notwithstanding the present darkness —there is a kind of a Liberal rnillenium pointed out to us looming on the horizon, and a sort of far-off light already appearing, hut, unfortunately, it is a light too distant for the world in which we are actually moving (laughter and cheers), to facilitate our move ment, or even to cheer our spirits a little under the difficulties of the moment. How ever, do not suppose for one instant that I would make light of such a prospect. I hope with all my heart that it may he realised. I know the sincerity of Lord Hartington’s mind and character, and I am quite sure he would not have spoken of such a thing if it were not in response to the dictates of his heart and conscience ; and, gentlemen, with respect to MR. (IIAM P.KRTjAI n (hisses, and cries of “ No ”), I think you will agree, in what I am about to say. I tllink, with respect to Mr. Chamberlain, though it is possible that lie may like a certain amount of enjoyment in the cushioned ease of that society in which he now moves with such a pace (laughter and applause), and which ex hibits a very just admiration and appreciation of his remarkable talents ((lies' are most re markable talents)—yet I doubt very much whether Mr. Chamberlain will be able —he is a young man, and 1 am glad to say that be lias twenty or thirty years probably before him—I greatly doubt whether in these twenty or thirty years lie will be able to find the most comfortable and satisfactory domicile among those who toil not, neither do they spin. ( Iemewed laughter and cheers.) I by no means put aside or lightly esteem this prosper! of future Liberal union arid co operation. lint, while f earnestly desire the early advent of that time, 1 would point out to you that you have go! something to do— you have, got some business to dispose, of before you are in a condition to reap the rich harvest, of blessings which is thus dangled before your eyes. The present, position docs not admit of being misunderstood. I have told you that, nothing in my opinion could bo more lair, more unbiassed, and more satis factory than the conduct throughout, the country of those Liberals who at the last election either withheld their vote,s or even opposed us. [ have', not a word to say against them. I hit with respect to the gentlemen within the walls of the. House of Commons and with respect, not to the future, with re gard to which I entertain all my hopes, hut with regard to the present, then* is no mis taking plain, : nnple facts. Tliyy are a wing j of the Tory army. (Hear.) They are more than a. wing. I toil you this in the plainest way. If inste ul of these seventy dissentient Liberals there had been in the the House seventy more Tories, the Tory Government would never have ventured to submit the propositions that have made the history of this present session disastrously memorable. It has been Liberal credit, it has been the ghost of Liberal reputation and renown, that has enabled them to do things under cover of a remnant of the shadow of Liberalism, which under the features of naked Toryism they never would have ventured to propose. (Cheers.) It was plainly natural that those who disapproved of Home Rule should say, “ Well, here are excellent Liberals ; they will continue to be Liberals on everything but Home Rule.” That was a natural anticipation. It has been completely disappointed by experience, because these gentlemen honestly and consistently have found their views upon the subject of Home Rule to be of such inestim able importance and such infallible truth that everything else has been given up to them. Now, in representing to you that the seventy-eight Liberals and their immediate followers in the House of Commons are for the present that portion of our foes that we have most reason to take account of (laughter), am I giving you an opinion in which they do not concur? Not at all ; I am simply making myself the echo of their sentiments. There is no doubt, I believe, whatever of tbe fact that Lord Ilartington recommended the dissentient Liberals of Spalding to vote for the Tory candidate. I understand it to be equally certain that Mr. Chamberlain desired the dissentient Liberals of Coventry to vote for the Tory there. (Hissing.) I do not say that the dissentient Liberals of Spalding or of Coventry followed that advice. (Laughter and cheers.) The fact that they did not follow it only tends to illustrate the necessity of that broad distinction which I am for the present drawing between Dissentient Liberalism in the Douse of Com mons and Dissentient Liberalism beyond tho walls of Parliament. We have hoped that the Land Bill as it now stands will confer benefits of vital importance to Ireland and give comfort—comfort as it is understood on tho other side of the water—confer comfort upon Irish families, and peace and order upon the country. How, gentlemen, has the Land Bill got into form ? You an; more or less informed—some of you very well in formed—that the Land Bill has within the last few weeks—-perhaps one week, I know not how many days—undergone a complete transformation. Lei me explain that trans formation. In round numbers I call the agricultural terianls half a million ; two thousand of them are free, lo go into the court and have a judicial rent fixed free, as far as the law can make them free ; one, thousand are leaseholders, and it was the original provision of Iho Bill that leaseholders should be allowed to go into court ; but there were two hundred thousand persons who are called judicial renters, persons who had rents fixed which were fair at the lime they were fixed, but, which are inequitable by the extraordinary revolution in prices which has passed over these countries, and lias existed with a peculiar intensity in Ireland during tin* last three years. As the Bill was introduced, these judicial renters were excluded — they were not excluded by acei deut-—they were excluded by the highest con siderations of honour and duty. We were told again and again in the House of Lords, and in tho House of Commons, by one Minister and another, that to include the judicial renters in the Bill would involve a violation of the sanctity of contract ; and whatever might, he the llexihility of Liberals and ordinary men with regard to this subject, the Tory (Government took office and are now holding office on principles belonging to the age of chivalry (laughter), and that a devia tion from this path of honour could not. he expected from them in office. We endea voured to represent, as best we could that, this question of the exclusion of judicial renters was the whole question, the Alpha and ()mega almost of the Bill, and everything else, was secondary—was matter of detail. But we, were met. again and again, gentlemen, I believe up to Thursday night in last week — 1 am not quite sure with the assurance that this sacra sancta, sacred consideration of duty, honour, chivalry, patriotism, and I know not what—and pledges to the Irish landlords (laughter), had no interference with judicial rents. Well, then, what ? A meeting at the Carlton Club, a speech of Lent Salisbury, a complete change, and let. me say A .MOST liEKSSEM CHANGE. (Applause.) I am thankful beyond what I can describe for the change in the intentions of the Government ; but what were the motives of that change? They are, indeed, the most singular. Two hundred thousand tenants nearly—I think it is between 180,000 and 190,000 ; I am using round numbers— who would have been bound to pay rents, many of which we know from the report of the commission have now become exorbitant for a term of what is still 10 or 12 years out of the 15 for which they were given—those 200,000 men are now to be enabled to go freely into court and have their rents re-adjusted for a term of three years. Well, that is an enormous change made. Why were these 200,000 men who had been rigorously shut out—why were they ad mitted? Was it from some lofty considera tions of humanity—was it some enlarged view of the duty of statesmen to look into the far future and to provide for it with but a secondary attention to the feelings and interests of the moment? Were these the causes of this great change of mind? No, gentlemen, it was not the interest or the con dition of the Irish tenant that brought about this change—it was not the horror which had thrilled throughout the country in reading the accounts of the Irish evictions—it was not the just weight due to the recommenda tions of the commission—the Royal Com mission—which in the Autumn of last year they had themselves appointed, and to which they had entrusted the consideration of tho subject, and on which, unless we are greatly misinformed, they did themselves at the period urge that the judicial rents should be reopened. It was none of these things, still less was it the arguments of men like my right hon. friend in the chair or Sir William Ilarcourt. (Cheers.) It was not regard to the constitutional representatives of Ireland, to the body of live-sixths of the men legiti mately chosen upon a large and extended franchise, much less perplexed with the property vote than we are here in this country. It was not regard to the Irish representation, heist of all was it regard to the British Liberals that brought about the great change. In one sense it was regard to the dissentient Liberals. Yes, hut how ? — in regard to their statesmanship, in regard to their arguments—• it was simply due, gentlemen, to the process familiarly described as THK COUNTING OK XOSKS. (Laughter.) Lord Salisbury “counted noses” in (he House of Commons. Having so done, he found that if he adhered to those provisions lie might be beaten. He assembled his friends at the Carlton, and he said — I give you the, choice between, on the one hand, the abandonment of that which we have been invoking all the gods as to our determination to observe, and, on the other hand, a dissolution of Parliament. (Loud , cheers.) That is a transaction, I believe, entirely unexampled in our Parliamentary . history, and for the quality which is called cynicism in its purest and most undiluted | form, in the absence of any sentiment on the part, of Lon 1 Salisbury, when this transaction required some robe of decency to cover and shield it. from the public eye. It nut only is unexampled at the present, time, but it will remain unexampled down to (.lie cud, if the end ever comes, of Parliamen tary Govern ment. (Cheers.) One fact more. The judicial rents are to be abated, or adjusted, I think they call it, for three years, and this is done in the, month of July, 1S87, after the disagieeahle session 1 have described, after the Coercion Bill, after the Cloture, after the servitude of Parliament by the surrender of its time, after the establishment of the despotism of the Government by its exemp tion from criticism. Why is it. done now ? That very same thing was the tiling, and neither more nor less than (lie thing, the essence and substance of which Mr. Parnell proposed in September, 188(5, and which was then indignantly refused. (Loud cheers.) At, that time every minister who spoke de clared that, it was impossible to touch the basis of these rents with honesty. They at least, would not. ho tho men to hear of it. Had that been done then not. one of these dis graceful incidents of the session of 1887, which I have recited to yon, ever would have occurred. (Cheers.) There would have been j no st imuuls to crime, there would have been no j occasion for evictions, because every man I who could show an exorbitant rent would I have obtained either a temporaiy abatement j of rent, or at least time, until the case I could be decided upon the report, of the Commission, and there would have been no Plan of Campaign. THE PLAN OF CAMPAIGN was one of those devices which I for my part cannot reconcile with the principles of law and order as they are understood in a civilised country, but which I know perfectly well to be the natural and necessary results of misgovernment (cheers), and with respect to which if they are blameable, I cannot deny that I find it difficult to acknowledge that the Irish people are one-tenth part as blameable as the misgovernment that is the parent and the source. (Cheeis.) Mr. It. K. Causton moved and Professor Stuart, M.P., seconded the following resolu tion, which was carried unanimously— “ That this meeting of the Council of the London and Kadical Union heartily wel comes the Eight Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P., and expresses its entire confidence in him as leader of the Liberal party, and its hearty support of his Irish policy, whereby the effectual control of affairs specifically Irish may be secured to the Irish people, a true and lasting union brought about between the two countries, and the Legislature enabled to turn its attention to those reforms which are so urgently needed in Great Britain in general and in the metropolis in par ticular.” 