METROPOLITAN WATER SUPPLY. A representative conference of members of municipal councils around Melbourne was held ut tbo Exchange yesterday, at the invitation of tbe borough couucil of Flemington and Ken sington. Mr. J. Urio, mayor of that munici- pality, presided. Tho meeting was convened " to consider tho present unsatisfaotory state of tho metropolitan water supply." Cr, Barrett (Fleiniugtou) said that four years ago when he wus mayor of Flemington und Kensingtou a similar conference was held, and as a result thereof a deputation from the vari ous municipalities waited on the Premier, Mr, bervice. Iu consequence ot their representa tion the reticuiulion was considerably ex tended in all the outlying districts. Tho suburbs wore, however, now so rapidly enlarg ing, ami had realised such a high price that il was absolutely uecessary water should be pro vided. Water pipes could now be bought lor one- third the price that they cost some years ago. In Flemitigtoa aud Kensington there wero 30 to 40 bireeLs, aU thickly populated, without a supply of water. The Goverumeut could borrow mouey nt 4 per cent., and it the united councils would show to them that they could guarautee a certain return of G per cent, for their expenditure iu reticulating tho out lying districts the Guvernuieut could uot refuse lo take the action desired, fie moved That hi tlio opinion of this conference Die present state of Ihu \v»uor supply is very unsatisfactory. Or. Swftu (Hawthorn) seconded the resolu tion. Ho remarked that Hawthorn hud no mauon to complain, us it was now well supplied after waiting for four years for tho water. He supported the resolution, because his council was anxious to assist other districts to get justice. Cr. li, Lnno (Caul field) said the difficulty in the mutter was ihut lh-.> Government could not get pipes made fust enough to oxtend rocioula- tton. He believed if tne councils would only wait each district would be attended lo in turn. The people would not have pipes imported from England to meet tho emergency. Cuulficld had now beeu attended to, but if tbe Uaulfield council could give the others any assistance they would cheerfully do so. Ur. Buxton (boutlr Melbourne) supported tlio .motion, lie said a lot of reticulution wus wanted in South Meibourue which wouid repay G per cent. Tho weakest p-jiut iu the system of supply was tho iuudequute diameter of the main pipes to convoy a sufficiency of water to the rcticulaiiou pipe& It would be somewhat illogical perhaps lor tho couucila to apply for increased roticulation until largo mams wero furnisliud, us tho water would never get through the present inulus. The Water Supply dcujut- mcut ought, howovcr, to look ahead in view of future requirements. Tho Melropoliiuu Gas Company did not lag behind. They had thoir pipes laid in some of tho South Melbourne directs where not the ghost of a water pipo wu yet to bo seen. Cr. Trumau (Footsoray) said that if tho water supply were in the iiands of a company tho water would be Tvry quickly made avail able in every suburb. It wad all rot " lo s.iy that tho Government must not send tofingluud for pipe if th«y could not get them soon enough here. Ho was a protectionist to the backbone, but he did not believe in waiting lor a local manufactory whilst 10,000 people wero starring tor want ot water. Or. Lyon; (i'reston) said the firm tvho bud tbo supplying, of the pip wu about lour years behind time. The conference ought to .nsk the Goveru meut to import about 10.GC0 tons of pipe., and invite tenders for another local contract lo meet tho demand. Iio believed iu protection himself, and. he did not thiuk the mol rabid proleciioniatcould object to this proposal under the circumstaucc. The resolution wus unanimously carried. Cr. Lyon then moved— That th? conference wait upon tho Government and unje them toobialn u Mnh.-knt quumi y ut plj>cs to sctlsfy tiiu Immediate rcqui.:meat.i of thu rurijua in ti lde paiitlcs presented at the me .-ting. Or. Lnno seconded the resolution, which was carried. It wus decided that tbo date of tbo deputa tion should be fixed ou another occasion, and duly notified to all concerned. Tho meeting then closed. 