THE GHOST’S TOUCH. FIRST PART. I. BY WILKIE COLLINS. AUTHOR OF " THE WOMAN IN WHITE," "JEZEDEL'S DAUGHTER," &c.;, &c.; The course of this mirrative leads the realer on new and strange ground. It describes the return of a disembodied spirit to earth—not occuring in the obscurity of niiduight, but iu the searching light of day; wither seen us a vision, nor heard us a voice -revealing itself to mortal knowledge through the sense which is least easily se'lf deMveil—the sense that feels. The record of this event will of necessity produce conflicting impressions. It will raise, in some minds, the doubt which reason asserts; it will invigorate, in other minds, the hope which faitli justifies; and it 'rill leave the terrible ipiestion of the des tinies of man, where centuries of vain inves tigation have left it—in the dark. _ Having undertaken in the present narra tive to lead the way along a succession of events, the writer attempts no more. It is 03 Put of his duty to follow modern Maniples by thrusting himself and his opinions on the public view. He returns to ne slruiow from which he lias emerged, and -iue.-the nppn.-iug forces of incredulity and aw to Sight the old battle over again on tw old ground. Tt li ne events happened soon after the first aneufi 1 S ° l ,lcsenk cei *tury had come to Oir alinc morning, early in the month of • pril, a gentleman of middle age (named Wb Un i! to . ok h' s little daughter Lucy out of w' 1 .- 111 t,JO woodland pleasure ground Gard-nt' tt=l " U kom l° ! ’> Cil H° ( l Kensington rJ.'i'j ‘t i, r J en^s "'' ,o; n lie possessed re- L!l 0 ' Jr Ra >' Ullri ' (llnt un i ;ilßlly) t113 , t liiidiM a r ® scrve( l il »d solitary man. He :lcci >rate"ly described child " ?u, Cr (^, votc and to his only surviving Year nt. IOH i“ !1 lle " :ls not mol ' e than -10 lift ° • ‘‘Hf; one pleasure which made H?brldi!° fatl,er "' ilS oirel ' Cl ‘ t , herLall, the child'ran on to Put and the Gardens, at that olj p.i,,. icuiiiiiis nearest to the han.rr? 0 r , ns " 1 e tou ' Observing close calfi-d r s P uu ' ol,s covered seats, rehiiud “i ~ ! lalul u,ooveii . My Rayburn was 2 1 - at hu , 1,1,1 the morning’s news- Wtll' t 0 . a nd that he might do feplll ‘ mil r , ea '’ l - At that early hoar Ely f 8 * solitude. “Go on playing, where T ll6 sau l’ “ but take caie to keep r * can Rue* yon.* ? open'd mf' 1 up ller buli : “ul Lucy’s father tfl ' J illS fnr ," U " Spaptfl ' 11b llUll uot bcen felt a g f,,„;r aru 10 'uiuutes, when lie 'Tirsl of nl la '- e ‘ 011 his knee. s J' e UfilloM ti ilnt! ' lle c "<l ui >'ed—with his “r tlle newspaper H 7J'"Shtencl, pipi.” ‘Westartled in ll 'The child’s pale l »'l kissed I ,n ' I 1 ® took her oil his knee %itened r ' C! '’ , ,JU o »ghtn ! t to be A yon," 1,0 , 51t of the air- " lla \ 13 ,t? lle looked [ lt tl= dog i,3 t spi,ke - !ll,a sa "' a l: «k<'(h 6 th ‘* tr «*- “Is it the dog?” lady.” '' c ‘ c ‘l Rs not the dog—it's llot uidWc from the alcove, aUythl! lS to Mr Ray -11 Xo.” put h4T lu frish I t f yoa r ’ ‘‘•'-It uty, . '• l ain 's round her father’s iu ''l of her , per ’.P a P a >” she said; “I'm >ni,H ntr faring us . j think sho - 8 Oll tb ’ llk 50 > Lucy I” ?*?going to s a !! e s r ! lle - I thought she be =to-aj something. She seemed to “ U V vbat t ' lleu •” There r, r at me -” !i llia biat shehad to”° lf afc a IoSS how to ,n silence. and 1 Say next—and took s “gglk(h y " onilerf «l. so far,” her 615 ' vl 'tn she looked”* 0 seenl to see “ Well, and what happened then?'’ “The lady was frightened—and that frightened me. I think,” tke.child repeated positively, “she’s mad.” It occurred to Mr Rayburn that the lady might be blind. He rose at once to set the doubt at rest. “ Wait here,” he said, “ and I’ll come back to you.” Rut Lucy cluug to him with both hands; Lucy declared that she was afraid to be by herself. They left the alcove together. The new point of view at once revealed the stranger, leaning against the truuk of a tree. She was dressed in the deep mourning of a widow. The pallor of her face, the glassy stare in her eyes, more than accounted for the child’s terror—it excused the alarming conclusion at which sho had arrived. “Go nearer to her,” Lucy whispered. They advanced a few steps. It was now easy to see that the lady was young, and wasted by illness—but (arriv ing at a doubtful conclusion perhaps under present circumstances) apparently possessed of rare personal attractions in happier days. As the father and daughter advanced a little, she discovered them. Alter some hesitation, she left the tree; approached with an evi dent intention of speaking to them; and sud denly paused. A change to astonishment and fear animated her vacant eyes. If it had not been plain before, it was now beyond all doubt that she was not a poor blind creature, deserted and helpless. At the same time, the expression of her face was not easy to understand. She could hardly have looked more amazed and bewildered, if the two strangers who were observing her had suddenly vanished from the place in which they stood ! Mr Rayburn spoke to her with the utmost kindness of voice and manner. “ I am afraid you are not well,” he said. “ Is there anything that I can do—” The next words were suspended on his lips. It was impossible to realise such a state of things; but the strange impression that she had already prodneed on him was now confirmed. If he could believe his seuses, her face did certainly tell him that he was invisible and inaudible to the woman whom he had just addressed. She moved slowly away with a heavy sigh, like a person disappointed and distressed. Following her with his eyes, he saw the dog once more—a little smooth-coated terrier of the ordinary English breed. The dog showed none of the reckless activity of his race. With his head down and his tail depressed,' he crouched like a creature paralysed by fear. His mis tress roused him by a call. He followed her listlessly as she turned away. After walking a few paces only, she sud denly stood still. Mr Rayburn heard her talking to herself. , “.Did I feel it again?” she said, as if per -1 plexed by some doubt that awed or grieved her. After a while her arms rose slowly, and opened with a gentle caressing action— an embrace strangely offered to the empty air. “ No,” she said to herself, sadly’after waiting a moment. “ More perhaps when to-morrow comes—no more to-day.” She looked up to the clear blue sky. “ The beautiful sunlight! the merciful sunlight!” she murmured. “I should have died if it happened in the dark.” Once more she called to the dog; and once more she walked slowly away. “Is she going home, papa?” the child asked. “ We will try and find out,” the father answered. He was by this time convinced that the poor creature was in no condition to be per mitted to go out without someone to take care of her. From motives of humanity, he was resolved on making the attempt to com municate with her friends. 111. The lady left the gardens by the nearest gate, stopping to lower her veil before she turned into the busy thoroughfare which leads to Kensington. Advancing a little way along the High street, she entered a house of respectable appearance, with a card in one of the windows, which announced that apartments were to let. Mr Rayburn waited a minute —then knocked at the door, and asked if he could see ,thc mistress of the house. The- servant showed him into a room on the ground floor, neatly but scantily furnished. Une little white object vaiied the grim brown monotony of the empty table. It was a visiting card. With a child’s unceremonious curiosity Lucy pounced on the card, and spelt the name, letter by letter : “Z, A, N, T," she repeated. “ What does that mean.” Her father looked at the card, as he took it away from her, and put it back on the table. The name was printed, and the ad dress was added in pencil: “Mr John Zaut, Parley’s Hotel.” The mistress made her appearance. Mr Rayburn heartily wished himself out of the house again, the moment he saw her. The ways in which it is possible to cultivate the social virtues are more numerous and more varied than is generally supposed. This lady’s way had apparently accustomed iier to meet her fellow creatures on the hard ground of justice without mercy. S ime thing in her eyes, when she looked at Luc} 7 , said—“ I wonder whether that child gets as much punishment as she deserves ? ’ “Rjyon wish to see the. rooms which I have to let ?” she began. Mr Rayburn at once stated the object of his visit—as clearly, as civilly, and as con cisely as a man could do it. lie was con scious (he added) that he had been guilty perhaps of an act of intrusion. The manner of the mistress of the house showed that she entirely agreed witli him. lie suggested, however, that his motive, might excuse him. The mistress's manner changed, and asserted a difference of opinion. “I only know the lady whom yon men tion,” she said, “as a person of the highest respectability, in delicate health. She has taken my first floor apartments, with ex cellent references; and she gives remark ably little trouble. I have no claim to in terfere with her proceedings, and no reason to doubt that she is capable of taking care of herself.” Mr Kay burn unwisely attempted to say a word in his own defence. “ Allow me to remind you,” lie be gan. “ Of what, sir?” “Of what 1 observed, when I happened to see the lady in Kensington Gardens.” “ I am not responsible for what you ob served in Kensington Gardens. If your time is of any value, pray don’t let me de tain you.” Dismissed in those terms, Mr Rayburn took Lucy’s hand and withdrew. He had just readied the door, when it was opened from the outer side. The Lady of Kensing ton Gradcus stood before him. In the posi tion which lie and his daughter now occu pied, their backs were towards the window. Would she remember having seen them for a moment in the Gardens?. She said her few words of apology confusedly; and, advancing to the table, took up the card. “ Your servant tells me my brother-in-law called while I was out,” she said to the land lady. “He sometimes leaves a message on his card.” She looked for the message, and appeared to be disappointed—there was no writing on the card. Mr Rayburn lingered a little in the door way, on the chance of hearing something more. The landlady’s vigilant eyes dis covered him. “Do you know this gentle man?” she said maliciously to her lodger. “ Not that I remember.” Replying to those words, the lady looked at.Mr -Rayburn for the first time, and sud denly drew hack from him. “ Yes,” she said, correcting herself ; “ I think we met ” Her embarrassment overpowered hor; she could say no more. Mr Rayburn compassionately finished the sentence for her. “We mot accidentally iu Kensington Gardens,” he said. She seemed to be incapable of appreciating the kindness of his motive. After hesitating a little she addressed a proposal to him which seemed to show distrust of the land lady. “ Will you let me speak to you up stairs, in my own rooms? ’ she asked. Without waiting for a reply, she led the way to the stairs. Mr Rayburn and Lucy followed. They were just beginning the ascent to the first floor, when the spiteful landlady left the lower room, and called to her lodger over their heads:— “ Take care what you say to this man, Mrs Zant. He thiuks you’re mad.” Mrs Zant turned round ou the lauding, and looked at him. Not a word fell from her lips. She suffered, she feared, in silence. Something in the sad submission of her face touched the springs of innocent pity iu Lucy’s heart. The child burst out crying. That artless expression of sympathy drew i ; Mrs Zant “down the few stairs which sepa i rated her from Lucy. “ May I kiss your dear little girl ?” she said to Mr Rayburn. The landlady standing on the mat below, expressed her opinion of the value of caresses, as compared with a sounder method of treating young persons in tears:—“ If that child was mine,” she remarked, “I would give her something to cry for.” In the meantime Mrs Zant led the way to her rooms. The first words she spoke showed that the landlady had succeeded but too well in pre judicing her against Mr Rayburn. “ Will you let me ask your child,” she said to him, “ why you think me mad ?” He met this strange request with a firm answer. “Yon don’t know yet what I really do think. Will you give me a minute’s attention ?” “No,” she said positively. “The child pities me, I want to speak to the child. What did you see me do in the Gardens, my dear, that surprised you?” Lucy turned uneasily to her father. Mrs Ziut per sisted. “ I first saw you by yourself, and then I saw you with your father,” she went on. “ When I came nearer to you, did I look very’ oddly—as if I didu t seo you at all?” Lucy hesitated 'agaiu; and Mr Rayburn interfered. “ You are confusing my little girl,” he said. “Allow me to answer your ques tions—or excuse me if I leave you.” There was soriiething in his look, or in his tone, that mastered her. She put her hand to her head. “ I don’t think I’m fit for it,”, she answered vacantly’. “ My’ courage has been sorely’ tried already. If I can get a little re3t and sleep, you may find me a different person. I am left a great deal by myself; and I have reasons for trying to compose my mind. Can I see you- to-morrow ? Or write to y’ou ? Where do you live ?” Mr Rayburn laid Jiis card on the table in silence. She had strongly excited his inte rest. lie honestly desired to be of somo service to this forlorn creature—abandoned so cruelly, as it seemed, to her own guidance. But he had no authority to exercise, no sort of claim to direct her actions, even if she consented to accept his advice. Asa last resource, he ventured on an allusion to the relative of whom she had spoken down stairs. “ When doy’oit expect to see your brother in-law again ?” he said. “I don’t know,” she answered. “I should like to see him—he is so kind to me.” She turned aside to take leave of Lucy’. “Good-bye, my’little friend. If y T ou live to grow up, I hope you will never be such a miserable woman as I am.” She suddenly looded round at Mr Rayburn. “ Have you got a wife at home ?” she asked. ‘‘ My’ wife is dead.” “And yon have a child to comfort you! Please leave me; you harden my’ heart. Oh, sir, don’t y’ou understand! You make me envy’ y’ou !” Mr Rayburn was silent when he and his daughter were out in the street again. Lucy’, as became a dutiful child, was silent, too. But there are limits to human endur ance—and Lucy’s capacity for self-control gave way at last. “Are you ' thinking of the lady’, papa?” she said. Ho only answered by’ nodding his head. His daughter hail interrupted him at that critical moment in a man’s reflections, when he is on the point of making up his mind. Before they were at home agaiu Mr Ray burn had arrived at a decision. Mrs Zant’s brother-in-law was evidently’ ignorant of any serious necessity for his interference—or he would have made arrangements for im mediately’ repeating his visit. In this state of things if any’ evil happened to Mrs Zant, silence on Mr Rayburn’s part might be in directly to blame for a serious misfortune. Arriving at that conclusion, he decided upon running the risk of being rudely’ re ceived, for the second time, by’ another stranger. Leaving Lucy’ under the care of her gover ness, he went at once to the address that had been wiitten on the visiting card left at the lodginghouse, and sent in his name. A courteous message was returned. Mr John Zant was at home, and would be happy to see him. ir. Mr Rayburn was shown into one of the private sitting-rooms of the hotel. He observed that the customary position of the furniture in a room had been, in some respects, altered. An arm chair, a side table, and a footstool had all been removed to one of the windows, and had been placed ns close as possible to the light. On the table lay a large open roll of morocco leather, con taining rows of elegant little instruments in steel and ivory. Waiting by the table, stood Mr John Zant. Ho said, “Good morning,” in a bass voice, so profound and so melodious that those two commonplace words assumed anew importance, coming from his lips. His personal appearance was in harmony with his magnificent voice—he was a tall, finely-made man of dark com plexion; with big brilliant black eyes, and a noble curling beard, which hid the whole lower part of his face. Having bowed with a happy mingling of dignity’ and politeness, the conventional side of this gentleman’s character suddbnly vanished; and an insane side, to all appearance, took its place, lie dropped on his knees in front of the foot stool. Had he forgotteu to say his prayers that morning, and was he in such a hurry to remedy’ the fault that he had no time to spare for consulting appearances? The doubt had hardly suggested itself before it was set at rest in a most unexpected manner. Mr Zant looked at his visitor with a bland smile, and said—“ Rlease let me see your feet.” For the moment Mr Rayburn lost his pre sence of mind. “Are y’ou a corn- cutter?” was all he could say’. “Excuse me,” returned the polite operator, “ the term you use is quite obso lete in our profession.” He rose from his knees, and added modestly; “lam a Chiro podist.” “ I beg your pardon.” “ Don’t mention it ! You are not, I imagine, in want of my’ professional services. In my leisure hours, I amuse myself by practising chemical experiments; and I sometimes avrite in a scientific journal. Perhaps, you have heard of me in that way ?" “ No !” “To what motive, sir, may I attribute the honor of your visit?” By this, time Mr Rayburn had recovered himself. “ 1 have come here,” he answered, “under circumstances which require apology as well as explanation.” Mr Zant’s highly’ polished manner be trayed signs of alarm : his suspicion pointed to a formidable conclusion—a conclusion that shook him to the innermost recesses of the pocket in which lie kept his money’. “The numerous demands on me ” he began. Mr Rayburn smiled. “ Make your mind easy,” he replied. “I don’t want money'. My object is to speak with y’ou on the sub ject of a lady who is a relation of yours.” “ My’ sister-iu-laiv !” Mr Zant exclaimed. “ Pray take a seat.” Doubting if he had chosen a convenient time for his visit, Mr Rayburn hesitated. “ Am I likely to be in the way’ of persons who wish to consult you ?” he asked. “ Certainly not. My hours of attendance on my clients in London are from 11 to 1.” The clock on the mantelpiece struck the quarter-past las he spoke. “ I hope you don’t bring me bad news,” lie said, very earnestly. “ When I called on Mrs Zant this morning, I heard that she had gone out for a walk. Is it indiscreet to ask how you became acquainted with her?” Mr Rayburn at once mentioned what lie had seen and heard at Kensington Gardens; not forgetting to add a few words, which described his interview afterwards with Mrs Zant. I Tne lady’s brother-in-law listened with an interest anil sympathy, which offered the strongest possible contrast to the unpro voked rudeness of the mistress of the lodg ing-house. He declared that he could only do justice to his sense of obligation by fol lowing Mr Rayburn’s example, and express ing himself as frankly as if he had been speaking to an old friend. “The sad story of my sister-in-law’s life,” he said, “ will, I think,' explain certain things which must have'naturally perplexed you. My brother was introduced to her at the house of an Australian gentleman, on a visit to England. She was then employed as governess to his daughters. So sincere was the regard felt for her by the family that the parents had, at the entreaty of their children, asked her to accompany them when they returned to the colony. The governess thankfully accepted the pro posal. ”i (To be Continued.) 