ftiE V,E N G E. I have served in the French army (as jsurgeon), and sacrebleu 1 I never yet suffered. an insult from mortal "being to pass | unavenged. It was in the Tyrol last year. ; While wandering through that picturesque country, I frequently encountered two ladies—one elderly, _the. other a widow— charming, pitite, spirituclle—Adrienne! At last we found ourselves quartered at the same hotel, and I rapidly succumbed jto the fair widow's charms,—as she was so Sympathetic, so vivacious, yet with all that savoir /aire of experience which an elderly bachelor ^cnowe howto appreciate. Her figure—how delicious its lines ! What masses of magnificent tresses! What, perfect rows-, of ivory her • corallipped smile f permitted us to seel What healthful bloom the exercise and mountain air had lent to her cheek !—Yes, I would propose that evening. That night I went up lo dress for dinner —an important business with me, and oue requiring time. I had arranged in the morning with the mqitre d' hotel to change my room for one with a more southerly aspect; but when I had climbed to the first floor (no slight exercise !) where my new apartment located, I. found I could ,i?bt recollect the number. A little reflection, however, made me decide it was .No. 18, but, to make certain, I listened a moment at the door—all was still withinturned the handle softly and entered. Nom de Dieui who was this ? Asleep, on a fiuteuil, lay the ghost of Adrienne ! Adrienne ? Yes ? but Adiienno transfigured. Haggard, nearly bald, with her cheeks falling in on tho toothless guius, the outline of her figure (she hud laid aside her dress) showing scraggy and angular through her deshabille 1 A lay-figure waiting to be transformed by her maid into my Adrienne—waiting to be made into my decoy—but. I would .be revenged. Not stopping to hunt up my room now, I descended hastily to the saloon, where 1' found most of the guests waiting for tho dinner gong. I caught a glance of astonishment at my own undress uniform, and a thought struck me—I smiled. Tho house happened to be full, just then, of a very fashionable company. The ladies vied with one another in the magnificence of their toilets, and I knew there was a certain countess who was. especially Adrienne's rival in this respect. Ah! I would shame her before them all; I would givs her a lesson under her rival's eyes— she should learn not to trifle with honest affection—Hon Dieu! yes J j c I jim a mesmerist. My will is iron.. .1 sat down apart, and turning my eyes from those present, put all my^ftill-fprcG into action. One—two—three—four minutes, and there was a footstep oiltBide .the door— tha handle was gently turned and Adrienne appeared—yes ! precisely as I had seen her a few minutes before ! whole roomfull of listless guests rose: as if simultaneously galvanized—the ladies shrieked " a ghost 1 "—but Adiieune advanced quietly toward me in her magnetic trance., Under cover of offering her a chair, I maile tho releasing passes with my hand—she awoke —gave ono glance round at tho staling company.aud the scorning eyos of her rival, another at. her figure reflected in the mirror opposite, and, with a wild scream, sank—a fainting heap—on the floor ! I was revenged !! «- - r" r * * * That same night I thought I heard some one moving about my room, and fonnd, the following morning, my glass eye, my cork leg, my wig, and my new patent-fltting set of teeth had been stolen from niy room. As my valet was in; Palis I had to publish my loss before I could move out of bed. Adrienne had left the house that night, but not without retaliating.— DOUGLAS ADAM in Sail Francisco News Letter. 